Pirates
Of The
Galactic Empire



Written by
Brian K. Larson



Pirates 
of the 
Galactic Empire

Brian K. Larson

Published by Slipstream Publishing
Copyright © 2020 Brian K. Larson
For Smashwords

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any way by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording or otherwise without the prior permission of the author except as provided by USA copyright law

This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events in this novel that appear similar to persons living or dead are unintentional and are completely coincidental.



DEDICATION

I dedicate this book to my stepson, Donald A. Tangborn, who helped me create Bob, the Chimpanzee and edit this manuscript. Without his input, Bob might not have made into this work. I’m sure you’ll enjoy this cybernetically enhanced Chimpanzee and all his antics.



CONTENTS


The Cards
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Epilogue
Sneak Peek into Gone Rogue
More Works 


~ The Cards ~




Cyclone







Frost Byte







Time Stop







Box







Teleporter

Prologue

It was the galactic year 3245. Earth’s Republic evolved into the Galactic Empire that spread across several regions of the galaxy. Outposts rose up on every habitable planet. The Galactic Trade Cooperative thrived. After the outpost wars ended, the Empire built Capital ships to patrol and protect their trade interests. They became the galactic peacekeepers, through force. As a result of their presence, several colonies declared independence from the Empire… they didn’t always get it.
Up from the ashes of what remained from the Capital ship’s ruthless attacks rose several factions of rogue captains. With no planet to call their own, they lived solely on their small space cruisers throughout the Empire. They stayed hidden from the Capital ships within nebulas, venturing abroad only to rob merchant ships of opportunity. The rogue captains ventured out only when required. Traveling to outposts, for supplies and fuel, was dangerous. But, to make it in this economy, captains needed to be courageous. 
These captains became the Pirates of the Galactic Empire.
Trade thrived, regardless of the many attacks. The merchant captains knew of the risks, but the profit was high, so the risk was taken. Timing of a cargo transport ship was critical. Being aligned with a Capital ship patrol ensured a safe arrival… usually.
As attacks increased, throughout the quadrant, many Pirate Captains made names for themselves. Pirating became a lucrative business for some, while other Captains weren’t so lucrative, but they did make names for themselves.
There is legend of a treasure…a very special treasure. Spread throughout the inhabited quadrants, were several ancient relics. A deck of five cards, they were. Each with a unique picture masterfully drawn, and distinctly hand crafted, by a culture of long ago. Writings were found among the ruins on one outpost that told of their mystical powers. These cards were scattered across the far reaches of the known galaxy, and the writings became legend. Pirates rumored that more cards were found over the years and that if you were in possession of all five you could open a gateway to paradise.
This is the story of one of those, not so lucrative, Pirates. He and his crew had made names for themselves and all were wanted by the Empire’s Galactic Space Forces. His name was Sean Finnigan. He was a short man, for a pirate. He was a long, curly haired, blond man with a thick-braided beard and sported a diamond studded earring in his left ear. He enjoyed dressing smartly and usually wore a white flowing shirt and leather pants and vest. 
A ‘Ruthless Pirate Extraordinaire’ or so he wanted everyone to think. He does have a flair for the dramatic. He did have one thing going for him, though. The only reason his crew continued to follow him, well, with the exception of Petra. Her ‘unhealthy infatuation’, as Finn called it, was her reason for following him. No, the only thing going for Finn was that he held the fifth card.
On this galactic day, Captain Finnigan came out of hiding. It was out of necessity, really. Fuel was low. Food was low. But, most importantly, there were only a few shots of rum left for a crew, of three humans and one cybernetically implanted chimpanzee named Bob.

1


-- Star Cruiser SC Scimitar


The sun, from the nearby star, glistened on the shiny hull of the Space Cruiser, SC Scimitar. 
Sliding into high orbit around the outpost Shakaro, in the Zerotha system, Sean Finnigan sat at his flight controls holding his last bottle of rum, “One hand on the bottle… one hand on the throttle, I always say,” Finn slurred, blindly staring out toward the front of the ship’s view screen. 
“It’ll be good to have real gravity under our feet again,” Duncan smiled, staring out the windows with Finn. “Not these, glitchy, a-grav units. I tire of simulated gravity.”
Duncan was a dark haired, light skinned, muscle-bound man, who held roots from old Scotland.  
“Aye, Duncan, a-grav’s are very glitchy, at best.”
“Hey!” he reached for the bottle, “How’s about one of those shots for me over here, Finnie?”
“No!” Finn protested by pulling the bottle from his reach, “There ain’t enough to go around. Remember? That’s why were comin’ here!”
“I see at least three shots,” Duncan’s eyes squinted toward the bottle, his tongue licking the sides of his lips.
Finn rose the bottle to his lips and downed the last of their stock, “Nope.” Finn snickered, “See, there ain’t any left.”
“Hey!” Duncan protested, “That ain’t no fair!”
“Aye, there was only one shot left, anyway.”
“There were three, I tell ya’!”
“Ahh, c’mon, Duncan. Keep your shorts on. I said I promise to take us to Shakaro. We have two tons of cargo in our holds and we already have a buyer. You’ll see. We’ll split all the proceeds, evenly, sixty-twenty-twenty, like always. I buy the rum and you can betcha’ there’ll be plenty more rum for all.”
“That’s not an even split,” Duncan again protested, shaking his head.
“It’s an even split with Petra. Besides… it’s my ship… that’s why.”
“Well, there better be more. It will be a good thing, I say. Mutiny, I’d be a’ fearin’, ifin’ there weren’t any of that serum!”
“Duncan, I promise,” Finn said, with a drunken smile across his face, “You’ll get the first bottle I buy.”
“You should hope so…”
“No,” Finn corrected, “You should hope so... ‘cause, I know so, that’s how come, so.”
The ship’s intercom interrupted Finn with the voice of an irritated, sounding, woman, “Finn, you know this line is open, don’t ya’? I heard ya’! You promised me the first one, Finnie!”
“Yeah, I know, I know, Petra. You’ll get the first sip outta mine, how’s that?”
The feisty red-headed woman countered, “No, you promised me the first one and I’m gonna keep ya’ to your word!”
Duncan raised his hands up in submission and chuckled, “Hey, I didn’t mean to start any trouble between you two.”
“There’s nothing between us, Duncan! Nothin’ a’tall…”
“Ahh man!” Duncan protested, “The last time you said something like that she cried for days…” Duncan leaned closer to Finn and whispered, “…just go along with it so she’ll stop, okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, okay, Duncan gets the second one and you get the first one, right after I take mine!”
“Finnie…” Petra whined over the intercom.
“Now look what ya’ done, she’s gonna be tearing up the whole time we’re at port!”
“Good,” Finn said, “Then maybe you an’ I can go ta’ one of them clubs you keep tellin’ me about, eh?”
More crying was heard over the intercom. Finn leaned closer to his mic, as he winked toward Duncan, “Hey now, Petra, don’t you be cryin’, love. Okay? I’m just pullin’ your chain… you do know that, don’t ya’?”
Petra sniffled through her voice, “You mean it, Finn?” Her voice brightened, “Are you sayin’ there is something… you know… between us?”
“Why sure there is, Miss Sylvina, as a matter of fact, the three decks of this ship are between us right now.”
 “Oh, Finn, you’re such a kidder! That’s one of the things I love the most about you. By the way, I’ve completed the inventory and transmitted our shipping manifest to your contact. He’s confirmed for the entire load.”
Before Petra could finish, the ship rocked. Explosions rang out as alarms blared.
Finn shouted, “What the devil!?”
He dropped the empty bottle, on the deck, and grabbed the flight controls. Pulling the ship hard to port, he read the scanner as more weapons fire hit them from behind the flight deck.
“We got us some kind of trouble, Finn,” Duncan shouted, now sitting forward, “Capital ship! Bearing: 2-0-0 Mark 0-5-0! It’s the Sinclair, Finnie!”
The ship shook more as the cutting beam of the Capital ship sliced through the Scimitar. Fires broke out behind the pilot house, leaking precious air from the hole, as the beam continued with its slicing.
“Seal us up!” Finn ordered, “We’re venting!”
“Petra will be trapped!”
The frantic woman over the intercom yelled at Finn, “Seal us up! Seal us up! You’ll have to jettison the pilot house!”
Duncan pressed his commands, sliding the pilot’s airlock doors shut and stopping the ship’s atmosphere from leaking further.
“I’ll be alright, Finn! They’ll slipstep me off the Scimitar before she goes down!”
Duncan replied, “More like imprison you!” He continued, insisting, “We can’t leave her behind, Finn…”
“Yes, we can!” Finn panicked; his eyebrows raised.
Pressing his emergency sequence, he detonated the emergency exploding bolts releasing the flight deck from the dying hull of the Scimitar. Shoving the throttle to its stops, Finn gritted his teeth as he flew the life-boat from the Capital ship.
“I have the fifth card and I’m not about to let them get their hands on it!”
“Finn,” Petra shouted over the still connected comm link, “Don’t let them have it!”
“You’re a real peach, Miss Sylvina! I plan on being out of their slipstep range any second, now!”
“One more thing, Finn, before this link breaks… I know where the first card is!” Petra shouted.
“What?!?”
“Yes, it’s located--” the radio crackled static as the comm link broke.
“Oh, bloody hell!” Finn shouted as he flew the pilot skiff down toward the planet. “Where is it? Petra?!?”
“We lost her, Finn,” Duncan frowned, “I’m reading a slipstep signature. They got her, Finn.”
“No! What about the cargo?” Finn protested.
“They’re gonna let it burn up. They’re gonna let us watch it burn to hell!”
“I’m not having a real good day, Duncan… not good a’tall!”
“Never mind the cargo, what about Petra?”
“Never mind, Petra, either! I’m taking us down before they can track us!”
Duncan’s face sunk, as he watched Finn fly them out of the Capital ship’s range, realizing the gravity of their situation.
“Once we’re safely down, we’ll ditch this ship and disappear within the outpost.”
“What about the monkey?”
“Don’t call him that! He hates being called that!”
A hatch opened from behind them, on the floor, revealing a short chimpanzee climbing to their level. Holding a spanner wrench with one hand and a smoldering cigar clinched between his lips, the Chimp protested, “I’m not a monkey, I’m a chimpanzee, there is a difference, you know?”
“Bob! You okay?”
“Yeah, I was finishing up with some monkey-business down below when that ship fired on us!”
“What happened to our early warning alarms, anyhow?” Finn protested, “It does us no good if the bloody thing alerts us after we’re hit, Bob!”
“Sorry, Finnie,” Bob replied, “I’m your grease monkey, not a programmer. Remember? I make the things on this ship that go… well, go...”
“… and go we do, we’re entering the atmosphere,” Duncan reported, “The Capital ship is moving off. The Scimitar is burin’ up... all that cargo… gone…”
“Gawd, what am I gonna tell my contact?”
“That’s the least of my worries. How are you gonna pay us? You still owe us sixty-twenty-twenty.”
“There’s no cargo to split anymore!”
“So, looks like there won’t be rum tonight?”
“Nope, guess not, Duncan.”
“Hey,” Bob protested, “what happened to the rest of the rum, anyway?”
“Finnie drank it,” Duncan sneered, “Besides, you’re a monkey…”
“Chimpanzee!” Bob corrected, with angered brow.
“You keep sayin’ monkey so why can’t we?!?” Duncan retorted.
“Plus, you’re a Chimp and Chimps don’t drink,” Finn affirmed.
“I smoke cigars, so, why can’t I drink?”
Bob strapped in a jump seat behind Finn, after stowing his wrench, as Finn answered, “You don’t drink because of what happened the last time.”
“I don’t remember anything happening last time.”
“That’s my point, exactly! That’s why you don’t drink!”


-- Capital Ship CS Sinclair


Petra stood, housed in the slipstep chamber, after being teleported from their destroyed ship. She watched the circular door slide around. Already, seeing through the clear glass door, as it spun around the armed galactic marines, standing with phase-pistols aimed at her chest.
With raised hands, Petra took a step back, “Just take it easy, fellas, okay? I give up, already.”
Standing behind the military was a tall lanky, sharp-jawed man. He stood in a dark-grey uniform with black stripes down his sleeves, “Stand down, she won’t pose us any issue. I’m Captain Sparre. I will take you to a holding cell where you shall await Commodore Strandberg.”
“William? He’s here?” Petra asked, “William is now a Commodore? Wow, what’s the galaxy coming to?” Petra said under her breath.
“Yes, he’s in command of this ship, the CS Sinclair. Why? Do you know Commodore Strandberg?”
“Why, yes, Captain. Yes, I do. We go way back,” Petra answered, batting her eyes.
“Good! Then your interrogation should go well.” Captain Sparre ordered: “Take her to the cell!” He turned right into her face, smiling ear to ear and said, “Oh, and by the way, sorry about your cargo.”
“Yeah, big thanks there,” Petra protested as she held her hands out for her restraints, “It took us three months to get that load!”
“Let this be a lesson to you; pirating is illegal!”
“It’s only illegal if you get caught,” Petra smiled before one of the men shoved her along.
“Wait,” the Captain said, grabbing the marine’s arm, “She looks familiar, scan her ID.”
A marine lifted her palm to a scanner, immediately identifying her, “Sir, the scan shows she is Petra Sylvina. She is wanted on multiple charges: from looting, malicious mischief to pirating… the list goes on.”
“So,” Captain Sparre smiled, continued, “I thought you looked familiar. Gentlemen, feast your eyes upon who we have here. Let me introduce to you the infamous, Sylvina the Slayer. Well done, men…very well done, indeed. The Commodore will be pleased.”
“Hey!” Petra protested, “That was a bad rap…”
“Never mind that now,” the marine tugged her along, “This way!”

2


-- Outpost Shakaro


Finn rocketed his life boat through the atmosphere before any Empire Forces detection beam could scan them.
“Aye, they’ve not picked us up, Mate.”
“No kidding, Finnie,” Bob smirked, “Brilliant deduction as we’re still here, aren’t we?”
“And, you’re a smart ass, too,” Duncan smiled.
Bob turned in his seat to examine his backside, “I don’t know, Duncan, my ass doesn’t look smart to me. Now, my cybernetic implants...”
Finnie pointed with his thumb at Bob, “He’s a funny, Chimp, isn’t he?
“Hilarious,” Duncan nodded, “A regular comedian!”
Finn pointed with his chin, “There’s the outpost.”
“I’ll find a spot to ditch the ship,” Duncan nodded, as he gazed out his side window.
“Hey, just not so far, okay?” Bob complained, “I am only a chimp. I still have short legs, you know.”
“Fine,” Finn nodded, “How about over there?”
“Those rocks will hide her, real good, Finn.”
Flying low to the ground, he circled around the outpost before lowering his landing skids and set down two kilometers away.
Bob unbuckled his harness and reached over to open the hatch door, “This isn’t very close.”
Finn stood at the hatch exit, offering Bob a hand, “C’mon, hop up an’ I’ll carry ya’.”
“Oh, gee, thanks, Finnie. I can’t begin to tell you how excited that makes me.”
Bob grabbed Finn’s hand and he hoisted Bob up onto his back, “It’s the least I can do for ya’ buddy.”
“No, I mean, the smell, Finnie, the smell...”
“What are you talkin’ about?”
“You haven’t had a bath in days, is what I’m a’ talkin’ about… I could barely stand you up there, sittin’ next to ya!”
“Bob’s right, on this one,” Duncan snickered, “You haven’t bathed in days.”
He looked to the chimp and then towards Duncan, saying, “Hey, Chimps don’t smell so rosy fresh, either. An’ you’re pretty gamy yourself, Duncan! Besides, none of us have bathed in days, it’s not just me.”
“Well, I’m a Chimp. My odor comes naturally. So, what’s your excuse?”
“You want to walk? Because, ya’ know, there is that option.”
“While I may gag, with each step, I shall endure.”
“Such a wiseass, Bob,” Finn chuckled.
“We’d better reach the outpost before they send down a search party,” Duncan urged.
“No kidding? You think so?” Finn responded.
“Jeez, it’s so bright out here,” Bob complained. He held Finn’s back with one arm around his neck and one hand shading his eyes.
“Who did you say we’re going to see, again?” Duncan asked, pulling his collar loose from the hot sun. “Sure could have used one of those shots now.”
“I haven’t said. Not yet anyway. And a shot of rum would taste mighty good right about now.”
“So--?”
“Okay, okay, my contact is Keegan, already. We’re going to see The Keeg.”
“He’s still on this rock?” Duncan asked.
“Yes, as a matter of fact--”
Bob interrupted Finn, “I forgot to bring my shades. You got any?”
“Yeah, thanks for reminding me, Bob,” Finn nodded, pulling a set of blue-lensed aviator glasses out of his vest pocket. With a quick flick of his wrist they swung open before plunking them on his face, “Ahhh, much better.”
“Oh, hey, I think those are mine,” Bob said, plucking the sun glasses from his head.
“Hey-hey-hey,” Finn protested, swinging a hand for the glasses.
Bob gently placed them on his own face and looked around, “Hey Finnie, thanks for finding these for me. I’ve been looking all over for these things.”
“Those are mine!” Finn grabbed at the Chimp’s head.
“Nope, they’re mine and I’ll bite you if you try to steal them!”
“You wouldn’t…”
“I would,” Bob smirked, “I’m an animal…it’s instinctual. I might bite either way so watch it.”
Duncan laughed at the two, “Looks like you’ve lost them to Bob, Finnie.”
“He won’t bite me!”
“Oh… I wouldn’t place bets on those odds. I think he would.” Duncan insisted. 
“You better listen to Duncan. He knows I bite because I bit him last week!”
“Yeah, you did. Right in the ass, too!”
“Well, good thing you turned around!” Finn started laughing so hard it hurt. Bob continued, “You know you shouldn’t have done what you done, then, now should ya’ have?!”
“I didn’t do anything!”
“My point exactly, Duncan, the do-nothing-to-help-your-‘grease monkey’-pirate-scoundrel.”
“I offered…”
“Umm, yeah…but, not until I was done with the starboard injector coil replacement.”
“… I still offered for the next one.”
“Well, thank you for that, Duncan.” Bob said and then continued, “I don’t think I’ll be needing your services, on the Scimitar, anymore.” 
“My offer stands on the next ship we’re on. And you really didn’t have to bite me!”
“Hey, I can’t help it sometimes, okay? Remember? Instincts, a little bit? This cybernetic implant doesn’t stop them all, you know.” He began grunting and hooting before two short screeches.
Finn turned to his hairy friend, saying, “Might I suggest you revert back to your pre-cyber implant days while we’re in town. This isn’t the nicest landing spot in the quadrant. All kind of sketchy folk ‘round these parts. They’d cut that implant out, right out your head, if they knew how much they could get for it on the black market.”
Bob turned a sobering look as he removed the cigar from his lips and stuffed it in Finn’s vest pocket. Then he hooted and grunted more, cleared his throat and performed more hoots, “Better?”
“Yes, better,” Finn smiled, extracted the cigar from his vest and placed it between his teeth, “I’ll keep it hot for ya’.”
“Gross! You keep that one, you can buy me a new one at the outpost.”
“That is, if he can get any credits on this, god-forsaken, dustbowl of a planet,” Duncan added.
“Hey-hey-hey,” Finn protested, “I’ll have none of that kind of talk around Keegan, okay?”
“No worries from me, Finnie,” Bob said, “Uh-oh, I forgot--” Bob grunted and hooted some more.
“Just don’t forget in front of our gracious host,” Finn smiled.
“We’re not far now, Finnie,” Duncan pointed, “I think the outpost is just over this rise.”
They climbed the sandy and wind-beaten banks and stood looking down on the outpost a few hundred meters away.
Sonic booms were heard above their heads, causing all three to shoot a stare at the bright sky.
“Crap!” Finn cursed, “We gotta make a run for it! That’s orbital entry sign!”
The two ran down the sandy embankment, filling their shoes with the gritty sand while Bob held on Finn’s back with both arms.
“They’ll see us if we don’t find some cover!”
Galloping their way across the sandy landscape, they reached the city boardwalk and jumped onto the deck.
Finn held on to Duncan as he removed each boot, balancing Bob precariously around his shoulders. Pouring out the sand, he stuffed his foot back inside each boot and then let Duncan empty his.
“Okay, they’ll be here any minute now!” Duncan urged, “Which way to Keegan’s?”
“C’mon, this way,” Finn pulled at Duncan’s collar as they heard the shuttle thruster wash approaching the outpost.
“They’ll be headin’ to one of these landing bays,” Finn pointed, “Let’s hope they don’t pick Keegan’s dock.”
“Right,” Bob again nodded, “Wow, I did it again,” Bob whispered, “This is gonna be tougher than I thought.”
“I can turn off your voice module once I can get my hands on a micro-protonic controller kit.”
“Hmm, sounds expensive,” Bob whispered.
“Will you just stop, already?” Finn protested. “You’re gonna get us all in a lot of trouble.”
Bob screeched softly before letting three more hoots escape.
“Better,” Finn whispered. “We’re here.”
“Where is everyone,” Duncan asked, looking around the empty outpost streets.
“It would seem everyone becomes scarce when galactic forces arrive,” Finn answered.
Duncan knocked twice and then three soft times, finishing with one.
Bob looked over at Duncan and whispered, “What? Is that some kind of super-secret knock, or something?”
“Yeah,” Duncan explained, “It’s well known around most parts.”
The door cracked opened as Bob snapped his head forward making several random hoots. 
One blood-shot eye peered from the opening before letting it swing wide open, “Finnigan! You made it, my man. Come in, come in.”
“Yeah, good ta’ see ya’, Keeg-man. We’re kind of in a hurry!”
“Well, I had hoped it wasn’t you that Capital ship took down. For a minute there, I though, nah, it’s not Finn’s ship… it can’t be... guess I was wrong,” the fat man chuckled.
The three ushered themselves inside as the wide-girthed man shut the door and slid the bolt behind them, “Come on, follow me,” Keegan, dressed in a dark-brown robe and sandals, led them down a hall and inside a room. The walls were lined with several bookcases. Keegan stepped over to one of the bookshelves, reaching high he pulled three books out in one particular order, allowing the bookcase to pop open.
“Clever, Keeg,” Finn said with raised brow.
“Go on in, now. They’ll be searching everyone’s dock. Stay here until they’re gone.”
A loud knock pounded several times, causing Keegan to turn his head toward his door. “They’re here! Get in, get in, already!”
“Got anything to drink around here,” Finn asked as Keegan pushed them through.
They entered the hidden room as Keegan slid the books back in place, sealing them behind the bookcase, “Drinks later.”
Sliding the bolt, Keegan opened the door and looked up at the grey-dressed marine, “May I help you?”
Several armor-covered galactic solders stood behind the sharply dressed officer as they raised their weapons at Keegan’s chest.
“Why is your door bolted? That’s against regulation seventeen-twenty-two, subsection twelve. All merchant docks will remain open for immediate inspection!”
“Come in, come in, my good man,” Keegan waved with an arm flourish, “I am so sorry about that, but I was relieving myself and since crime has risen, I bolted it until I was finished. They’ll rob you blind around here,” he smiled.
“I’ll let you off with a written warning,” the marine held a data pad to Keegan’s eye after typing several commands. A green beam scanned his eye before sounding a blip.
The marine studied his screen, “This is now part of your permanent record, Mister Knox. You and your docking facility have been put on notice.”
“Fine, fine,” Keegan motioned, “Again, I’m so sorry for any inconvenience I may have caused…”
“Step aside,” the marine interrupted. 
One marine shoved him aside with his gun barrel, “Search the premises!”
Several armored soldiers marched inside, split up and searched every room before marching in syncopation. Several minutes passed before they returned to the front of the building.
“No sign of them here, sir,” the lead soldier reported.
“Good,” the marine smiled, “Off to the next! They’re down here somewhere. Mister Knox, I must remind you to keep this door unbolted. If you are robbed, report it and we’ll take care of it.”
“Very well, my good man. Um, say, you don’t happen to have that link to those reports, do ya’?”
“Yes. As soon we finish searching the outpost, I’ll send it to you.”
“Thank you, thank you very much, my good man.”
The marine exited the house, following his soldiers to the next docking facility, “Just don’t forget about the link,” Keegan yelled down the alley, “You didn’t send it last time,” he finished under his breath.
Closing the door, he returned the bolt to the secure position and let them out from behind the bookcase.
The three exited, “Now, you got any rum hanging around Keeg-man?”
“Sure, follow me and you can start telling me all about your latest adventures.”
“Not much to tell.”
They followed Keegan down the hall to another small room where they all took seats while their host uncorked a half empty bottle.
“Now, you’re talkin’, Keeg-man,” Finn smiled wide, “Pass that on over here!”
The bottle was passed in front of Bob, who snatched it from Keegan.
Finn reached over and snatched the bottle from Bob, “Umm, no… you’re not having any of this.”
“Tell me, Finn,” Keegan began, “What happened to Petra? She’s been with you, well, every time I’ve seen you.”
“Well, to be blunt, she was captured by the GSF.”
“You mean the ones that were here earlier?”
“Yes, yes, same ones. They got Petra.”
“That’s too bad, Finn,” Keegan frowned before growing a smile, “But you really don’t care so much, now do ya’?”
Finn rose his hand, motioning to Keegan as he took a long swig from the bottle, “You got that right.”
“What about the card… you know… the card? You didn’t lose it now, did ya’?”
Finn patted his pocket, “Safe and sound, right here.”
“Can I see it?”
“Nope. I’m not taking it out of its case, no,” Finn smiled, pulling the hard case slightly from his pocket.
Keegan began to reach out as he stuffed it back down inside his pocket, “No, I ain’t going to take it out. Not here, it’s not safe here.”
“Those GSF are long gone by now. C’mon, please?”
“No, I said. You don’t understand. It can’t come out until I know how to control the thing.”
“Whattya mean, Finnie?” Keegan asked.
“It’s not that simple. You can’t just take it out and look. It does weird things.”
“Well,” Keegan smiled, “You won’t find out how to work it until you take it out and play with it.”
“Abso-friggin-lutly not, Keeg-man.”
“I’ll crack another bottle of the good stuff…”
“Just to take one look? That’s all, right? One short little, teeny-tiny peek and you’ll open a new one?”
“Sure thing, Finnie… just show me the card.”
“Show me the rum, first.”
Keegan rose from his cushy seat and pulled a fresh golden-colored bottle from his shelf and popped its cork, “See, I opened a fresh one.”
Finn pulled the hard case from his pocket and stood next to Keegan. After popping the lock on the case, he carefully cracked it open, revealing its contents.
Keegan gazed upon the ornately decorated, gold and red, card inside the case. The card was bracketed with a golden boarder. There were five gears along the top of the card. A large glass compass device was imbedded on the lower half of the card. Keegan gazed upon the constellation depicted on the black top half.
“See, this right here,” Finn pointed at the gears on the card, continued, “This here tells me it’s card number five.”
“Yeees, yeeees, very interesting, Finnie. Very interesting, indeed.”
Finn snapped the hard case closed. He secured the locking mechanism and returned it safely to his pocket and said, “That’s all you get. Any more time outside the case and those gears start turning and the compass starts a pointin’. It’s a real creep show, I tell ya’, Keeg-man. Now, about that bottle…”
“Oh, you mean this one, heh-heh,” Keegan held up the new bottle of rum, “I did make a promise.”
Finn took the bottle and held it to his lips before Duncan protested, “Hey now! Don’t go an’ bogart that thing, over there.”
“Sure, thing, Drunk-man, err, I mean, Duncan,” Finn snickered as he passed the bottle. 


3


-- Capital Ship CS Sinclair


Petra sat in a metal chair, cuffed to a grey-colored interview desk and waiting for her interrogation.
The door slid open revealing a steely-eyed medium build officer. Dressed in the familiar dark-grey uniform. One gold bar with star were neatly dressed on his sleeve and shoulders.
Petra looked up at Commodore Strandberg, “I see they’ve got you in some very impressive duds these days,” she smirked, “Hey, how ya’ been, Will?”
The commodore grabbed a chair from the wall, placed it at the opposite end of the table and remained silent. The slight smirk, that cracked at one corner of his mouth, didn’t go unnoticed.
“What’s the matter, Will? Feeling a tad drab these days,” Petra snickered uncontrollably, before holding her cuffed hands up, “Sorry, I really am, Will, but you have to see it from my end, besides, I can’t help laughing in times of stress. It’s kind of character flaw, of sorts,” she continued to nervously laugh.
Strandberg slowly sat in the chair, his hands rested, palms down, on the grey metal desk.
“Careful now,” Petra teased, “That smile your hiding’s gonna turn that frown upside down if you’re not careful.”
Strandberg stared emotionless at Petra.
“Boo!” She shouted, lunging forward against her chains, “I might have to slay ya’! You know, keep up appearances as Sylvina the Slayer, an’ all,” she laughed, before settling back down in her chair.
“No reaction! Wow, Will, they really got you reprogrammed real good, now, don’t they? You do remember me, don’t ya’, Will? It’s Petra, your friend and privateer of the galaxy. C’mon, Will! Speak to me, already, before I go ballistic on ya’!”
 “Are you quite finished, Miss Sylvina?” Strandberg finally asked.
“Oh,” Petra laughed, “It speaks… it’s ALIVE!” She said with wide eyes and her hands up to her face as far as she could reach them.
“We can begin this interrogation session once you can remain calm.”
“Ohh, I see. You can’t use that tech on me if I’m acting all wacko, now can ya’?”
“We use the most pain free method available to us. There is no need for this display of anxiety.”
“Well, it’s not the procedure itself that worries me,” Petra nervously shook, “It’s the after effect. The long-term effects… what’s the deal with that, anyway?”
“I assure you; the Covalent Probe is harmless. Completely harmless.”
“Yeah, painless, except the left-over mercury poisoning in my brain is all, no biggy, sure thing, I’m going to get all relaxed so you can read me. There’s just no way, pally, no way a’tall!”
“Nuclear Hypodermic infusion is a thing of the past. Those side effects were always fatal in a number of days.”
“Yeah, so days to a few years, great. Real great.”
“If you do not relax, Miss Sylvina, I shall have to resort to sedation.”
“Ha! You can’t read me if I’m sedated! I know that much.”
“Well, you’re wrong. We have perfected the brain paralytic. Our research on Declonorphine has allowed us to paralyze your brain and not your consciousness, so reading you will not be an issue.”
 “Fine, fine, William,” Petra turned serious, “just get it over with. Once you get what your looking for, you can let me go so I can live out the rest of my life while I still have half a brain left.”
“Oh, come now, Miss Sylvina, I don’t know what you’ve been hearing on the link, but it’s all hyped propaganda. That’s all.”
Petra leaned forward and relaxed, “Go on, do it,” she squeezed her eyes tight.
Commodore Strandberg reached in his pocket and withdrew a long cable with probes on each end.
Holding one end to his own port on the side of his head, he clicked it into place before holding the other end up, “Now, this part might sting, but the probe end does dispense a small dose of Zolpilacane.”
“I’m simply thrilled, Will…thrilled to share my deepest thoughts with you.”
He held the probe to the left side of her head and pressed. The medicine quickly deadened the area before he shoved the instrument all the way, causing her to wince as it inserted.
“There now, that wasn’t so bad, now was it?”
“Speak for yourself, you already had an implant.”
“Well, you do, now,” Strandberg held his eyes shut and concentrated, “Just relax and think quiet thoughts, shall we?”
“Okay, okay, just hurry it up, already.”
“Tell me who you were with on the Scimitar.”
“I was with… I was with Duncan…”
The Commodore spoke in unison with Petra as he read her mind, “Duncan… who else… Bob? You have a talking monkey?”
Petra opened her eyes, “Gawd, don’t ever let him hear you say that.”
Strandberg began speaking the same time as Petra, “He’s a Chimpanzee… who else… Who else was in command…? He escaped… no… blew up… killed on the Scimitar… Who is your contact at Shakaro? His contact was… his contact who is it…!?” Strandberg fought to read her mind before he winced with pain.
Petra grew a smile as she fought the mind probe device causing him to pull his connector, “What the hell did you just do to me!?”
“Oh, didn’t I tell you? I have a cybernetic probe immunity protocol. It prevents these scans.”
“A CPIP!? Those are illegal!”
“So is pirating…”
The intercom rang, causing the Commodore to jump before going to the panel to answer, “What is it?”
“We’re pulling away from Shakaro, Commodore. We didn’t find any survivors at the outpost.”
“And you won’t either. Ready all systems. We’re leaving the Zerotha system at once. We have the only remaining survivor. The rest were killed on the Scimitar.
“Aye, sir. All transports and scouts have returned. We shall depart this system within the hour.”
“Fine,” Strandberg nodded, “We shall take Miss Sylvina to the nearest detention complex.”


-- Keegan’s Docking Facility


“Say, Finnie, when’d you get the monkey, anyway?”
Finn rolled his eyes, “Ah, man—don’t call him that!”
Anger rose in Bob’s eyes, “I thought I liked you at first, but now I just want to bite your ass!”
Keegan stepped backward, “You have a talking monkey?”
Bob’s anger welled up as he lunged for Keegan’s ankle. Finn grabbed him off the ground before he could reach him, “Don’t call him that, he’s a Chimpanzee.”
“And apparently, and enhanced monkey,” Keegan said, taking another step backward.
Bob looked at Keegan with angry eyes, “Chimp-an-zee! Get it and don’t forget it!”
Finn leaned close to Keegan and whispered, “He doesn’t really like that, so, I’d stop calling him that, if I were you.”
“Oh man… I’ve never seen one. Heard about them, sure, but never before seen one,” Keegan leaned down for a closer look, “You mind?”
Bob recoiled as Keegan reached out to his head, “Yes, I do mind!”
“Careful, Keeg-man, he bites!”
“I’ll bet he does,” Keegan cautiously reached out once more, “I want to see what mod, you have.”
“Not unless you promise to drop your monkey business,” Bob pointed, staring sternly in Keegan’s eyes.
“Okay, jeez, can’t take a joke, either, but I promise not to call you a monkey anymore.”
Bob turned his head right and pulled his hair back to reveal the external port, “Oh my, it’s a Cyber-Transformation-Mutator-Pack. Number CB7-ER5, very nice, very nice, indeed, Finnie… umm, those are illegal.”
“Yes, I know ‘Cybers’ are illegal. That’s why I need the kit.”
“Why you tellin’ him it’s so wonderful, it’s my implant?”
“Sorry, it’s just I’ve never held any kind of conversation with a chimp, before.”
“Yeah, you better remember. I don’t want any monkey business, now, remember?”
“He’s funny, too. Is that part of the CYBERS implant’s programming?”
Bob answered before Finn, “No. This is my personality bleeding all throughout my implant. Just give him the damn MPC kit, if you have one, so he can silence my voice mod while we’re stuck on this dust bowl.”
Keegan leaned backward again, “Dust bowl!? Wow, and I did so much for you, too. Well, it was nice seein’ ya’, again, Finnigan. But I think you and your monkey need to leave. I can’t help you. Not to mention, you no longer own the cargo you promised me.”
Bob lunged at Keegan with snapping jaws once again, missing as he pulled away.
“Now you see what you did, Bob?” Finn complained before turning back to Keegan, “This is why I need the kit.”
Keegan leaned closer to Finn and whispered, “Ever consider trading him in?
“No! He’s my mechanic.”
“And a very efficient one at that,” Duncan added.
“Sorry, he’s not for sale,” Finn added.
“Well, that’s too bad because I do have a ship. I’d be willing to trade it to you, in exchange?”
Bob looked up at Finn and then glancing at the two, “I’m not for sale!”
“Even-steven…”
“No!”
“Well, there aren’t many ships that are untraceable on Shakaro, I can assure you that.”
“Define, untraceable?”
“Well,” Keegan smiled, tapping his fingers together, “it has certain upgrades that prevent Capital ship scanning. They can’t even use their slipstep units. These upgrades are impenetrable.”
“How much?”
“The cost is one CB7-ER5…”
“I know you have a price, other than my Chimp’s chip. What can you take? Union talents?”
“No.”
“Galactic credits?”
“Hell no!”
“Okay, I’ve got Republic Notes.”
“You do?”
“Ahhh, see? I knew Keeg-man was in there somewhere. Yes. Old Republic Notes… lots of ‘em, too.”
“How many you got?”
“What’s the price and I’ll tell ya’ if I got that many.”
“Smooth, Finnie, very smooth… okay, I just happen to have one Space Cruiser. She’s in top condition and here at one of my docks.”
“So, what you’re really saying is she’s got some issues.”
“Well, what cruiser doesn’t,” Keegan chuckled. “How much did the CYBERS cost?”
“I didn’t pay for it.”
“Sounds typical,” Keegan said with a roll of his eyes.
“Hey now, I’ve always been good for my debts. Besides, it’s on loan.”
“Ohhh, so it’s an EX model, too?”
“I’ll give you experimental!” Bob angrily protested.
“No, it’s on permanent loan.”
“Someone actually extended you credit?”
“Well, no, not exactly. It was a favor. Yeah, that’s it; a favor.”
“Okay, I’d take two-hundred-thousand Old Republic Notes.”
“Wow, now I know somethin’s wrong with it. I paid three for the Scimitar.”
“Hey!” Duncan protested, “You said you paid four!”
“Three, four… close enough,” Finn waved Duncan off.
“I think you owe us an extra cut from last time!”
“I think you got ripped off,” Keegan added.
“Sorry, Duncan, once bounty is paid, there are no redo’s,” Finn smiled, “So, Keeg-man, you want two for her? Can I see her first?”
“Umm, Keeg?” Duncan interrupted, holding his index finger in the air, “May I have a word with my associate? In private?”
“Sure, sure, no problem. I’ll just be right over here,” Keegan stepped to the opposite side of the room.
“Yeah, Duncan, what is it?”
Bob spoke before Duncan could get one word out, “He’s going to remind you that you don’t have any ORNs,” Bob whispered.
“I know that,” Finn whispered, “But he doesn’t know that.”
“Where you gonna come up with two-hundred-thousand Republic Notes?” Duncan softly asked.
“You know,” Keegan interjected from across the room, “It’s already posted on the boards. Space Cruisers at this price won’t last very long out there.”
Finn waved to Keegan, “I’ll take it.”
“But Finn,” Duncan whispered.
“Just watch and learn.”
Keegan held his data pad, bringing up the ship on his screen, “Here she is. The SC Katana,” he proudly displayed the ship, “She’s really a steal at this price.”
“Boy howdy, don’t you know it,” Finn chuckled.
“She’s a sweet one. Comes with fully topped off power mods. Plasma thruster packs for those quick microbursts we all need out there from time to time. Not only that, but she’s got a fully aligned slipstream drive.”
“And the Slipstream Drive works? What’s her top speed?”
“FTL-7, maybe a wee faster, depending on if your chimp is any good.”
“Oh, I’m good, alright.”
“Yes, well, there are a few small teeny tiny issues,” Keegan squeezed his fingers together, “with the navigation mod. It’s a little glitchy. But I’m sure your mechanic is quite capable.”
Finn looked down on Bob, “Well, he always says he can make any starship go.”
Bob looked up at Keegan and nodded, “I make things go.”
“Yeah, so, NAVs are my expertise,” Duncan smiled. “What kind of issues does the nav mod have?”
“It can be off on the slipstream targeting range. Shouldn’t be any issue if you run a compensator routine.”
“Fine, we’ll still take it,” Finn smiled.
“… and a slight time dilation issue, nothing real big, mind you.”
“Time dilation issues?” Finn balked, “What kind of time dilation issues are we talking?”
“Really just minor clock settings. You tend to gain a few seconds an hour is all. Just reset your clocks accordingly,” Keegan explained, “It’s really a non-issue.”  
“Okay, write it up and send me the security codes.”
“Good,” Keegan rose the data pad to eye level before Finnigan stopped him, “No eye scans! Are you crazy? Those are uploaded to the data link! Those GSF will be right on us! You have a remote terminal?”
“Regrettably, I do… such antiquated tech.”
“Well, if you want payment,” Finn continued smiling, “I need a secure access portal.”
“Right this way, Finnie.”
A few minutes later, Keegan was smiling at the payment and Finn was given the security manifest and lock codes.”
As they made their way across to an alternate docking facility, Duncan turned to Finn, “Okay, I don’t get it. We’re broke. We lost our cargo, remember? Even that wouldn’t have been enough, so, how’d you do it?”
“Easy, I hacked an account of one Maximillian.”
“You stole ORNs from Max?! He’s gonna be pissed, Finn,” Duncan said, holding back his laughter.
“Hey, he already gave me access to his accounts. In fact, he once told me if there was anything I needed, just ask. I just forgot about the asking part, that’s all.”
“Real smooth, Finnie,” Bob smiled, hanging from Finn’s back once more, “Real smooth.”

4


-- SC Katana




Finn admired his new sleek space cruiser. Docked within Keegan’s second port, he used the access code to unlock the slipstep from the dock’s control room. “Okay, folks, are you ready to teleport on over?”
“Yeah, Finnie,” Bob smiled, his cigar puffing smoke in the control room.
Duncan looked at Bob and answered, “Yeah, um, how about puttin’ that thing out before we enter the step-chamber?”
“You got a problem with teleporting my plume?” Bob retorted. 
“Yeah, it’s not recommended, Bob.” Finn said.
 Duncan took the cigar from Bob’s lips and snuffed it out on the console. Leaving a scorch, the cigar smoldered before he stuffed into Bob’s pocket. “Sorry, Bob, I have to agree with Finnie. Very unsafe practice.”
“Fine, fine,” Bob protested, “Jeez, can’t drink… can’t smoke... you’re really startin’ to be a real downer, Finnie.”
“You can have it back once we’re safely on over. Be a good sport, now, and go on in. Duncan, after you and I’ll initiate the slipstepper.”
Bob hesitated before moving into the chamber, his arms flailing his protest with his hooting noises.   
Duncan chuckled as he followed Bob.
Finn stood at the console and pressed his sequence before turning and entering the teleport chamber. The plexiglass curved door slid closed, sealing them inside. 
The hum of the slipstep device spun up as the power signature increased. Bright beams of purple, greens and yellow colors, flowed from the ceiling to the floor at the center of the chamber. The slipstep on the Katana shimmered at its center and flowed outward, becoming the chamber on Finn’s new ship. The slipstep hum spun down as the curved door slid open to the ship’s cargo bay.
“I’ll never get used to this tech,” Duncan protested, “It’s just plain weird. That’s all. Just plain weird.”
“Will you look at this ship, Duncan?” Finn’s eyebrows rose as he looked all about.
“Ol’ Keagan has out done himself, Finnie,” Duncan smiled, “She’s a beaut!”
 “I see that,” Finn’s attention was taken by several crates along the walls of his cargo bay. “What do we have here?”
“Looks like we have ourselves some supplies, Finnie,” Bob said.
Pulling his cigar from his vest, he grabbed a lighter and flicked it on before sucking down the flame, igniting his cigar. Two puffs and the room filled with the pungent odor.
“Now, that’s much, much better, eh? Finnie?”
“I love the cigar scent on my ship, yes, yes, indeed.”
“There’s only one thing that’ll make this a monumental occasion.”
“If you crack one of these cases Keegan left us…”
“Looks like several cases of rum, lads,” Duncan smiled.
“… and no, Bob. You can’t have any.”
“Damn!”
 “Sorry, Bob, but that last time…”
“I know, I know,” Bob puffed on his cigar, “The effects of rum are sizably increased because of my implant, right.”
“… and you really don’t want a repeat of last time, now do ya’?” Duncan added.
“Will someone kindly tell me what I did do?”
“Nope, not gonna happen, Bob,” Finn assured, “That’s somethin’ you’re gonna have to remember on your own.”
“He’s right, Bob,” Duncan smirked, “It wasn’t a pretty sight, though. Trust me on this, you don’t wanna remember,” Duncan ended with a chuckle.
“Sheesh, it must have been a doozy,” Bob smiled, “Okay, I’m gonna check out these engines.”
“We better secure this crate, Duncan.”
“Let me first see if it’s even on the ship’s manifest.”
“What makes you think he added it there?” Finn asked, “This much is contraband.”
Duncan stepped over to the console and flipped his hand across the screen. A holographic display illumined in a 3D visual. Using hand motions, Duncan flipped through the manifest before stopping. 
“Ah-ha!” Duncan exclaimed, before making the file zoom in, “Here it is. Five cases of rum. Galactic stock, too; very rare, Finnie. I’m beginning to smell a rat.”
“You mean you think he set us up?”
“Hey, Bob!” Finn yelled, “Can you scan these crates?”
“Better scan the entire ship.”
“Yeah, I’m on it...” Bob answered from the port engine room, “What am I lookin’ for?”
“Tracers… any sign of tracers. We think ol’ Keeg-man has set us up!” Finn shouted.
“Well, just in case it is,” Bob shouted, “We’re flight ready. Might I suggest you make haste and get us outta here!”
“Good point,” Finn smiled, “Duncan, secure this load. I’m going up to fire off the engines.”
“Okay, Finn. I’ll be up there in a jiff. I don’t want this load breaking anymore that you do.”
Finn walked over to the center rear ladder and climbed to the deck above. After letting out a long whistle, he began inspecting the ship’s systems that lined the control center.
“She’s loaded with upgrades. Why would Keegan give us such a pristine ship with all these fancy gizmos for as low a price?” 
Finnigan fired off every system bringing life to his new ship. Whirring and buzzing electronics sounded off, one by one. Each bridge stations lit up with lights and touch panels drawing their system configuration across the blank screen.
Looking at his scanner before him, Finnigan panicked, “Outpost security are storming the dock!”
“Get us up, Finnie,” Duncan shouted as he climbed to the bridge.
Taking the weapons console, he activated one lower turret. The double barrel gun dropped from the left wing, turned and aimed at the approaching outpost security forces. Dozens of rounds fired from the turret sending the approaching forces to scatter after cutting down several on the front line.
The ship lifted off the ground, rising from the docking facility and blowing its thrusters down at the fleeing men. Some made it to the docking control bay.
“They’re trying to access the slipstep,” Duncan warned. “Get those fancy shields up, Finn!”
“I don’t know where they moved that console on this model.  Bob!” Finn shouted, “Can ya’ help us out down there?!”
“I got this, Finnie,” Bob answered as a glow flickered across the front of the visi-screen.
Duncan armed the ship’s right turret, sending a barrage of gun fire from both wings behind them, “We’ve got more company!!”
Finnigan held the flight controls and increased the ramjet engines as he slammed the throttle control full forward, “Hang on!”
The ship screamed across the landscape before rocketing upward and into orbit, leaving the outpost security forces behind.
“Ha-ha!” Finnigan laughed, “I will say, she’s one fast ship!”
“Scanning the planet,” Duncan reported, “There are no ships in sector, Finnie. We’re in the clear!”
Bob climbed to the pilot house and found himself a seat, cigar poking from his lips. As he tightened his straps he observed, “Looks like your friend, Keegan, isn’t much of a friend, Finnie.”
“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing, Bob. Well, I did get the ship for a steal. I’m bettin’ that his plan was to have the security forces recover this ship for him.”
“I wonder how many times she’s been bought and resold?” Duncan asked.
“It would seem plenty of times. We just got lucky.”
“Luck had nothing to do with it, Finnie,” Bob answered, “It was my shear skill in activating our shields that saved us.”
“And I thank you for your service to me, Bob. See, Duncan? That’s why I keep the little ape around.”
“Ape?” Bob smirked, “Well, at least I trained you from using the ‘M’ word. Finnie gets it right, I am part of the Ape family.”
“M, as in monkey?” Duncan smiled.
Bob turned in his seat, “That would be the one and that’s not funny. Do you see any tail on me? NO! Most species of monkey’s have tails. Apes have larger brains, which made me an excellent candidate for my implant.”
Finnigan rolled his eyes as he set his new course, “We know, we know; Ape species include gorillas, chimpanzees, orangutans, gibbons, and bonobos, etcetera, etcetera…”
“Well, it’s true, Finnie, Chimps are closer to humans that monkeys are.”
“What about your cousin, Otto?”
“Never mind cousin Otto, Drunk-man. He’s an orangutan primate.”
“Drunk!?” Duncan protested, “I wish…”
“We’ll crack open a bottle soon enough there, Duncan.”
“I should hope so.”
“So, where you taking us, Finnie?” Bob asked as he continued puffing on his cigar.
“We’re going to the Qui’nose system.”
“What’s out there?” Duncan asked, “Shouldn’t we head back to the Chase Nebula and look for targets? We have to start making some kind of coin, again.”
“We’re short a crewman, so I’m going to recruit one or more.”
“Hey, if we have more than three, what’s that do for our split?”
“Fifty-five for me and fifteen for you all.”
“No, don’t seem very fair to me,” Duncan protested. “How about more like; forty and three twenties?”
“It’s not up for debate. Maybe later…”
“What about me over here?” Bob interrupted, “Where’s my cut?”
“Chimps don’t get a cut since I still technically own you.”
“I’m not your pet, Finnie!”
“I give you all the fruit, nuts and meat you could ever ask for.”
“And pickled eggs?” Bob asked, his eyebrow raised.
“Yes, and as many pickled eggs as you want.”
“Okay.”
“Whattya mean, ‘okay?’ You gonna let him treat you that way?”
“Yeah, sure. Why not. A chimp with food is a happy chimp… especially those pickled eggs.”
“That’s disgusting!” Duncan protested. “Finn, don’t you let him have those now. He stinks up the whole ship when he eats those… and I’m not talking about the vinegary smell. It’s what comes outta him!” He made like he was gagging, saying, “He could wake the dead with those things!”
“C’mon, Duncan, what’s your problem? All that fruit make me gassier than the eggs do!”
“The chimp gets what he wants. That’s his cut, Duncan. Sorry, I truly am, but you find me another mechanic that works for food…”
Bob pointed to himself with his thumb and said, “… and better mechanic, than I.” 
“… and he’s hired.”
Bob turned up a wide grin and showed his teeth to Duncan as he hooted.
“Okay, fine!” Duncan relented, “By the way, who we gonna find at Qui’nose, anyway?”
“Brody…”
“What makes you think Brody’s gonna want to come with us? Last time I checked, he had his own ship and crew.”
“Had is the key word there, Duncan, had… his crew didn’t think he would make a good Captain anymore.”
“So, they mutinied?”
“No, they removed him because of his latest injuries.”
“He got injured?”
“Well, yes. Where’ve you been?”
“Right here by your side… you know, faithful crewmate, no matter what?”
“And I appreciate that, Duncan…”
“How about a bigger cut if you have so much appreciation?”
“Nice try, but no.”
“What happened to Brody?”
“I’m in suspense over here, too, Duncan,” Bob added.
“He kind of got paralyzed. He’s got no usable legs.”
“And you think he’ll be good fit for our crew, do ya’?”
“With the right equipment, yes.”
“You buying him bio leg braces?”
“No! What do you think? Am I made of credits, or something? No, Max is buying them.”
“Wow,” Duncan exclaimed to himself, “Max is gonna be so pissed if we ever run into him out there.”
“Max is a very friendly guy, Duncan. He’ll understand, I’m sure of it.”
“Uh-huh, just like you thought Keegan was friendly and trustworthy, too?”
“I never said Keegan was trustworthy. Friendly, yes. Trustworthy, not so much.”
“Well, at any rate,” Bob began, “How’s about you engage our course and test out this fancy slipstream drive?”
“I couldn’t agree more, Bob,” Finnigan said, pressing his controls.
The ship’s engines whined before shooting them into light speed and away from Zerotha.

5


-- Qui’nose System


The Katana slowed from light speed, ending the bleeding stars on the visi-screen windows.
“We have arrived,” Finnigan smiled, “and in just over six hours. Not bad, not bad at all.”
“As fast as she is,” Duncan smiled as he scanned the sector, “we should have no problem slipstreaming away from any Capital ships we encounter.”
“I’m taking us to the fourth planet. It’s a nice little place called Sultanna.”
“Sultanna ain’t a nice place, Finnie,” Duncan added.
“What are you talkin’ about? It’s a very nice place.”
“It’s full of thieves and scoundrels. Ain’t no one trustworthy on that rock.”
“That’s why it’s perfect… our kind will fit right in.”
“Well, you have a point there,” Duncan nodded, “There’s nothing to worry about on scanners. Every ship here is wanted by the GSF.”
“We’ll be arriving in a few minutes,” Finn said, “I’m going to reach out and secure us orbit clearance.”
“The comm system is active, Finnie,” Duncan nodded, “Watch out for several ships in system. They’re all in orbit or docked at the orbital station.”
“Well, I doubt we’ll be lucky enough to get a spot on the station… but, you never know.”
Bob puffed his cigar as he watched Finn fly the ship toward the fourth planet, “Before you go calling those folks at the station, how’s about letting me have a crack at it?”
“Bob?” Finnigan asked, briefly turning in his seat toward the chimp, “You know something I don’t?”
“I know lots of stuff that you don’t, but I digress.”
“Smartass… let me rephrase that,” Finnigan said with a headshake, “Do you know anyone at this station that’ll give us favor?”
“Why, yes, Finnie, I do. Jeez! Why else do you think I was askin’ to make that call?”
“You are somethin’ else, Bob,” Duncan chuckled.
“Why thank you, Duncan. That means so much to me… NOT.”
“Just make the call already, okay?” Finn protested.
Bob donned a headset and pressed commands on his console, “Ello? Ello? Let me talk to Gilmore.”
Duncan stared at Bob, “Wow, so succinct, too.”
The ship’s radio crackled in Bob’s headset, bringing a smile across his face, “Gil! How the hell are ya’? … Really? … … good to hear, Gil, good to hear. Say, you remember that time on Talish? … yep, that’s the one, alright… yeah, so you remember what I did for you… right again, ol’ buddy. So, I’m doing great… I’m a chief engineer on a space cruiser these days…”
Finnigan rolled his finger at Bob, “You wanna hurry this on up, Bob? We’re gettin’ closer to the station.”
Bob nodded toward Finn as he held up an index finger. Bob chuckled into his mouthpiece, continuing his private conversation.
“I can’t believe he just held a finger to hush me!” Finnigan complained.
“Well, be thankful it wasn’t his middle one,” Duncan chuckled.
“Yeah. Very funny, Duncan, very funny.”
Bob finally removed his headset and set it on his station’s holder, “Plot us to docking port D-10. We’ve been given clearance.”
Both Finn and Duncan gazed at Bob with wonder.
Finnigan turned back to his flight controls and piloted the Katana into orbit and close to the orbital station.
“I see the docking port,” Finn nodded, “We’re aligned and on proper trajectory… turning ninety degrees and docking with thrusters… easy does it, now… and slowing… and we’re docked.”
The clank on the side airlock confirmed Finnigan’s report.
“All sealed up, Finnie,” Duncan acknowledged as he unfastened his harness.
Finnigan and Duncan were followed down the ladder to the lower deck by Bob.
“You stay here, Bob. Hold the ship.”
“How do you expect me to hold the ship, Finnie? My arms ain’t that long.”
“C’mon, wiseass, how about cutting the crap and do as I ask, okay?”
“Sorry, Finnie,” Bob smirked as he puffed on his cigar, “But you’re such an easy target.”
Finnigan operated the airlock doors, opening them to the orbital platform, “Okay, Finnie, I’ll stay here and hold the ship until you get back. Don’t be too long, though, Gil wants to get together with me.”
“You shouldn’t leave the ship, Bob,” Finnigan warned, holding his finger in the air, “Remember, your implant is a highly sought-after commodity around these parts.”
“Point taken,” Bob gulped, “Is it okay, with your majesty, if I invited him here?”
“I supposed that’s okay,” Finn nodded, “No drinking, got it?” he raised his finger at Bob, who rose his middle to Finn and sported a wide smile before making a rude noise, “Pthppppp!”
“Gawd, you’re such an ass,” Finn answered to Bob’s hand gesture before walking out of the ship.
The air lock doors slid closed as Bob hooted three times, his hoots silenced by the sealed door.
Duncan checked his sidearm as the two walked along the station corridor, “You expecting trouble?” Finn asked.
‘Why yes, Finnie, I am. You said this was a rough neighborhood.”
“Can be, sure. But not usually on these docking platforms.”
“Usually, I think is the key, there, Finnie.”
“C’mon, Duncan,” Finn smiled as he checked his sidearm, “Let’s go check in with the station’s transport center and buy us a couple slipsteps to the planet.”
Duncan watched as Finn checked his weapon before holstering it, “I thought you said it was safe up here?”
“Well, you made a good point, D-man, usually is the key. Might as well be prepared for anything, ‘eh?”
“So, what’s the deal on paying to use the slipstep when we own one on the Katana?”
“It’s station policy when you’re a guest of the orbital platform.”
“Why can’t we just, you know, break policy?”
“Because, unless you have the codes to pass through the planet’s shielding, our slipstepper won’t work.”
“That sucks, man!”
 “So, if we’re parked in orbit, they provide the codes, but you have to pay for them,” Finnigan frowned, “Guess you kind of have ta’ pay for everything here, now that I think about it… man, Max is going ta’ be mad!”
“How much we talkin’ to teleport down?”
“That depends.”
“Depends on what? How ruthless we appear, or somethin’?”
“Hey, that’s exactly it, Duncan,” Finnigan laughed, “We’ll be there in a short minute, so I expect you ta’ put on that grimace you’re so well known for.”
“Grimace? What grimace?”
Finn pointed at Duncan, “That’s it. Just hold that face, okay?”
Duncan gritted his teeth in frustration, but did as his Captain did and held a grimace with clinched jaw and his teeth gnashing.
A slight snarl exited through Finnigan’s teeth as the two entered the communications bay.
They held their hands on their belts, their legs bowed as they walked, while their protruding elbows swung along with their stride.
Stepping up to one counter, Finn addressed the attendant, “Arrrrgh, we be a’ sportin’ and are a’ lookin’ to be a’ transported! … Arrr!”
Duncan nodded as he showed his teeth at the man as he growled, “Arrr, what he says, matey!”
“The attendant stared at the two before shaking his head ever so slightly, “If you want transport, you need to pay fifty union talents.”
“Arrrgh, fifty UT’s? That’s outrageous!
“Arrr! Outrageous!!” Duncan mimicked.
“How about some nice Republic Notes?”
“We do not honor ORN’s… we only take union talents. Sorry, no talents, no slipstep.”
“Arrrgh,” Duncan roared, “Let me consult with my associate,” Duncan sneered, showing his teeth as he pulled Finn out of earshot, “What are we gonna do now, oh master of grittiness?”
“Way ta’ go, Duncan!” Finn protested, “We had him, but you didn’t look rough enough.”
“How about we force him to take Republic Notes?”
“How are you gonna do that?”
“Watch and learn,” Duncan mimicked.
Duncan hiked up his belt and grabbed his charged weapon before stepping up to the counter. Pointing the blaster gun against the man’s nose, the attendant’s eyebrows rose.
“Now do you take Republic Notes?”
“Nope,” the man answered, showing no emotion.
Duncan lowered his gun and turned to Finn, “Wow, this one’s tough to crack, Finnie!”
An alarm rang out and a red light began strobing in the transportation bay. Two-armed security officers rushed in with rail-guns at the ready and held them to Duncan’s head.
One of the security guards took Duncan’s gun from him and bound his arms behind his back, “Come with us, sir!”
“Finnie,” Duncan whined, “Do somethin’!”
Finnigan held his hands, palms up to the guards, “I didn’t pull my weapon.”
“You’re free to go, sir,” the guard instructed Finn, “But your friend here won’t be allowed transport. We’ll keep him locked up. You can claim him before you leave the station.”
“Why thank you, my good man,” Finnigan smiled. “Sorry, Duncan, but you shouldn’t have pulled your weapon. I guess I forget ta’ warn you about the blaster dampening field.”
“Gee, thanks a lot, Finnie!”
“Don’t worry, Duncan, I’ll come back for ya’. I promise.”
The two guards escorted Duncan from the communications bay, to his holding cell. 
The attendant motioned Finn over, “Pssst, c’mer.”
“Yeah, what is it?” Finnigan asked, holding his laugher at bay the best he could. “Did my navigation officer finally scare you into taking notes?”
“No,” the man chuckled, “I’m giving you free passage. I haven’t had this much fun in weeks!”
“Why thank you, my good man.”
The man printed out his teleportation ticket and handed it to him, “Just put this card into the machine. It will provide you with a code and will activate any slipstep on the planet for one full day.”
Finnigan took the clear-plastic card and looked around the room. The attendant pointed in the right direction, “The teleporters are that way. Once you insert the card, the machine will dispense your code.”
“Thanks again, my man.”
Finn walked through the entrance to the teleport chambers and looked around. He counted ten separate teleporters before picking one. 
Inserting the card rewarded him with a code and a reminder not to forget it, “Humph, code will not be dispensed further,” he read on the screen. 
With closed eyes, Finnigan tried memorizing the number sequence as the terminal recited them in an electronic voice, “2… 7… 9… 6… 8… 5… 3,” he repeated to himself.
“Gawd, how do they expect me to remember that? Okay, 2796853… 2769853… wait… it’s 2796583… uhhh, 276… ah, damnit! No, that’s not it either. I need a pen!”
He stepped out of the chamber and to a nearby counter where he found a scratch pad and pen attached to the wall. Snatching the pen, off the wall, he carefully and slowly began to carve out the number sequence… 
Nothing…
After vigorously shaking the pen and scratching the top on the pad several times, he finally began writing out 2… 7… 9… 6… 8… 3… 5, before scratching out the last two making the correction 5… 3, “At least they didn’t charge me for the ink!”
After stuffing the crumpled paper in his garment, he entered in the chamber. Punching in the code he jotted down, the teleport chamber activated, sending him to the planet surface. 
“Finally, wow. I hope the rest of this fact-finding mission goes faster.”
Leaving the teleport chamber, Finnigan found himself walking the outpost boardwalks along several storefronts and canopied tent markets, all advertising their goods.
He stopped at several of the outdoor markets, greeting the shopkeepers and asking if they knew his friend.
Along the boardwalk, he stopped outside one bar and listened to the commotion inside, “Well, if Brody is around here, he’ll be in the middle of one of them fights, that’s for certain.”
A man stumbled out of the bar, the double swinging doors squeaked with every movement, reminding Finn of an old western.
He ran over to the fallen man, helped him to his feet and dusted off his coat for him, “Hey there, mister, what’s going on inside?”
“Kippinger… It’s the outpost’s head of security! There’s a guy in there, he be a’ fightin’. Bald guy with a black beard. He’s a big one, too!”
“This Kippinger? What’s his beef with the other guy? Would his name be Brody, by chance?”
“You know him?”
“If his name is Brody, then I would venture to say, yes. I know him.”
“Then take this!” 
The man took a swing at Finn. His instinct told him to duck left, to which Finn swung at the man and connected with his jaw.
Finnigan took the man by his shoulders, spun him around and shoved him back into the fight, “I thought this might be him.”
Looking up at the sign before he entered the bar, read: ‘The Vulgar Canary.’”
“Nice name for this here establishment,” Finn smiled before rushing inside.

6


-- Outpost Sultanna


Standing away from the main brawl, Finn watched as men were tossed in the air outward from the center of the action. Fists hitting flesh echoed across the metal building, which only had a canvas top to keep out any weather.
The room was cold and every seat in the house was dripping with moisture, condensing from the air.
After confirming that it was, in fact, Brody, Finnigan removed his blaster, aimed it at the tent ceiling and fired off three rounds, leaving holes above his head.
The action suddenly stopped with the sound of the blaster gun, popping off rounds like it was a holiday occasion.
“May I have your attention, please!” Finn shouted, further silencing the bar.
The bald, burly man turned as he sat in his wheelchair and fixed his eyes on the man who dared to interrupt his fight, “Finnie? Is dat you, man?”
Finn stretched out his arms wide, “In the flesh.”
“What’re you doin’ here, stoppin’ da’ fight, Finnie?”
“All I want to know is, did you start it?”
“Of course, Brody start it! Who else start it, but Brody?”
“That’s the Brody I know, alright.”
Another man stepped up to Finnigan and leaned into his face. The tall black-haired man sported crooked, dirty teeth through a dirt-covered face, “Who are you, and how do you know this scoundrel?”
Finnigan waved his hand in front of his nose, “Whew! Brody and me,” Finn touched his chest, “we go way back.”
“How far back?” the man leaned closer, to which, Finnigan politely pushed him out of his bubble. He coughed from the man’s bad breath.
“Hey, mister, you better watch yourself!”
“What’s your beef with Brody? And you smell worse than my chimpanzee, so I needed a little fresh air.”
“You’re not from around here, are you, mister?”
“Quite right, I’m just in town visiting an old friend.”
“You say you need fresh air? Then have some!” The man said as he grabbed Finnigan by his collar and tossed him out the front doors. 
“The name’s Kippinger… K…i… double p… i… n… g… e… r. and I’m the law at this here outpost!”
Finnigan picked himself off the ground and dusted himself off, “Oh, the man can spell, great!” 
He charged at the tall man standing in the doorway. Wrapping his arms around his waist, the two fell backward, Finn landing on his chest, where he began pelting the man until he lost consciousness. 
 After standing and shaking the sting off his knuckles, he stared down at the dazed man, “The name’s Finnigan! F… i… double n… i… g… a… n… and I’m the one who just put you down!”
Brody wheeled his chair over to Finnigan, and looked down at Kippinger, “What did you do dat for?”
“He was fighting a disabled man, Brody. I wasn’t going to stand around and watch him do that to you, when you can only sit… and by the way, how is it you’re in a wheelie-chair, again?”
“It is long story, Finnie… you come to visit, Brody?” he placed a hand on his chest and looked up at Finn.
“Yes, I need to talk, without any kibitzing from outside influences.”
“Well, Kipp, he’s gonna be plenty mad when he wake up.”
“You got another bar in town that we can go to? Someplace this, Kipp, won’t find us at?”
“Da, I know of good place. It is few blocks dat way,” Brody pointed, “It’s called da Sour Donkey… Dare are odder places he will look before he goes dare.”
The two ventured down the outpost blocks to a part of the outpost where not many ventured alone. 
“Charming sector you have here, Brody. My kind of place.”
“Me taught you would,” Brody smiled, exposing his three missing teeth.
“I hope drinks are on you, big guy, because they don’t seem to take Republic Notes.”
“You still tappin’ Max?” Brody broke loose with laughter, “He gonna be real mad at you! You betta’ not let him find you.”
“Well, like I explained to my associates, he gave me the damn access codes. What’d he expect?”
Brody laughed, “da drinks are on Brody, den,” he pointed to his chest with his right thumb.
“Hmm, here we are. Anything you need to warn me about before we go inside?”
“It is bar where buoy dances.”
“Buoy, as in something floating on water?” Finnigan wondered.
“No, trust me, Kipp no come here to see da buoys.”
“Ahhhh, I get it now. Slick, Brody, very slick.”
Brody laughed as he led him inside. 
Taking a table, they were served a pitcher of the house brew and two glasses.
Brody poured Finnigan’s glass and then his own before holding it up high, “To Captain Finnigan… he is Pirate Extraordinaire!”
“Thank you, Brody,” Finn clinked glasses and then tasted the golden beverage. After wiping the foam from his upper lip, he smiled, “Nice, Brody. Do all the bars serve such stout beer?”
“All da places serve second-rate brew but dis one.”
“Got any rum in these parts?”
“Shhh, you don’ ask for rum in place like dis,” Brody whispered, “You try to get us kicked out?”
“Sorry, I’m not familiar with Sultanna customs.”
“Outpost went dry three months ago. After Kipp arrival. He new head of Security. He only allow brewski. No whisky, rumski or any spiritskis.”
“Boring guy, this Kippinger with two p’s.”
“Da, you say truth, Finnie, much boring guy,” Brody roared once again.
“So, how did you become paralyzed?”
“It is long story. I tell you sometime, da.”
“Well, if you don’t want to tell me about it right now, I understand. Must be a sensitive subject for ya’ an’ all.”
“No’ting sensitive for Brody to talk about. No’ting at all.”
“Well, the floor is all yours, my friend.”
Brody leaned low on his elbow and squinted one eye, “What is it you want from Brody? Then I tell you of accident.”
“Maybe we can help each other?”
“You want favor from Brody, you looking in wrong place. Brody not work for favors. Not anymore.”
“I would never ask you to work for me as a favor, Brody. No, I would always offer compensation.”
“You would pay Brody?” he laughed harder. “Finnie will pay Brody… you are good kidder, Finnie. Good kidder.”
“Hey, that deal on Nailbon-3, I never got paid either, neither did anyone else that time.”
“Dat time, and da time before, and da time before dat.”
“Brody, you do me an injustice. I always pay my crew if I make the score.”
“Dat is biggest problem, Finnie. You never score big deal. Only enough to pay for food and fuel for ship.”
Finnigan took another sip of his brew and again, wiped his upper lip of foam, “This time, Brody. This time, I’ve got a line on the very biggest treasure known to man.”
“You have da cards… you have all da cards, Finnie? Do you even have one, of da cards?”
“Yes.”
“Yes, you have da five cards, or yes, you have one card?”
“I have one card. It’s number five and I have a lead to the first. Do you know what that means, Brody?”
“It means, you only have one card and need four more. Dat what dat mean.”
“I know who knows where the first card is. Then it’s just three more I need.”
“Tree cards… not enough to interest Brody.”
Finnigan pointed to Brody’s legs, “Say, how’d you like a nice fancy pair of bio-brace tech?”
“How you get bio-brace? You no have such ting. Need much talents. Talents you don’ have.”
“That’s not the question. The question was; would you like a pair?”
“Da, Brody would like bio-braces.”
“Come join with me and I’ll get ya’ a pair straight away.”
“How straight away you get da braces?”
Finnigan finished his brew and set the glass on the table after letting out a long belch, “Very straight away.”
“You going to use Maximillian’s account again?”
“Maybe.”
Brody roared once more, “Then we need to get out of here before Kipp finds us. Dat will make big delay and many fist swings.”
“You’re better at navigating around here. How about you lead us to a slipstepper?”
“You got slipstep code, da?”
“Da, I mean, yes, I just happen to have that right here,” Finnigan felt for the crumpled paper and grew a panicked look.”
“What’s da matter, Finnie? You no have code?”
“I have a code… I just seem to have lost the paper it was on. That’s okay. I memorized it, anyway.”
Brody laughed even harder after slurping the rest of his drink, “You never could memorize any’ting. You don’ have da code.”
“I do. I have it. It’s,” Finnigan paused a moment, “It’s; 279 something-or-another, something-or-another, 53. I know the last two are right, ‘cause I scratched them out to correct it.”
“Brody is right. You don’ have da code.”
“Just get us to the teleport chamber. I’ll figure it out by then.”
“Okay, Boss-Man, Brody come wit you. Not for dese cards. Brody want Finnie to make Brody laugh.”
“Yeah, very funny, B-Man. Now where’s the closest teleporter?”
Brody pressed a few buttons on the table console and smiled, “Brody pay for dis round. Finnie pay for next.”
“I got ya’ covered, there, Brody. I’m holding a case or two of the finest rum in the whole entire galaxy,” Finn said, motioning to the sky with his arm.
 Brody led the two out from the bar and onto the footpath, “Dis way is nearest slipstepper,” his large arms pushed the wheels of his chair. 
Before long, they turned the corner, only to see, a very angry, Kippinger standing between them and the teleport bay.
With his hands on his hips, the angry tall man stared down the two approaching scoundrels, one hand lowered down and rested on a holstered weapon.
“Oh Finnie, dis not look so good.”
“Relax, I hit him so hard I doubt he’ll even remember it was me.”
“Finnigan!” Kippinger shouted.
“Then again, maybe he would.”
“Me tinks he’s going ta’ shoot you.”
“He’ll try,” Finnigan said, not allowing the distance between them to shrink further, he drew his blaster and shot the, now drawing Kippinger, in the hand.
Kippinger’s gun tumbled in the air behind him as he cradled his wounded hand near his gut, “You shot me!”
“Yes, I think you’re right about that, ol’ Kipp,” Finnigan stroked his chin as he holstered his weapon, “You might want to have that looked at. I hear there’s a great doctor that can fix you right up down the street.”
“Finnigan!” Kippinger scowled as Finn walked by and Brody wheeled around him, “You’ve not seen the last of me, Finnigan! I will get you for this!”
“Yeah, look me up, sometime, Kipp,” Finn mocked as he continued walking down the block, “That’s spelled; F… I… double N… I… G… A… N.”
Brody roared with laughter as he wheeled inside the teleport bay and out of earshot from the cursing outpost security chief.

7


-- Sultanna Teleport Center-3


Stepping into the teleport chamber, Finn began typing in the code from memory, “Let’s see… I know it’s 27… um, is it nine first? Or was it six? Jeez…”
“I tink you say nine first.”
“Yeah,” Finn pointed at Brody, “I think your right. I’m going with 96… then the 8… and I know it’s 53 that ends it… got it! See? Nothin’ ta’ worry about.”
Brody pointed, as he sat in his chair next to Finn, “I tink dere is sometin’ to worry about.”
Kippinger and three armed guards stormed into the teleport bay as Finn engaged the slipstep sequence. Their weapons fire erupted as they vanished. Glass shattered as the chamber was destroyed.
Finn stood with Brody as they appeared in the orbital station’s chamber.
“Dat was close call, Finnie!”
“When you gonna trust me, Brody? Like I said there isn’t anything ta’ worry about.”
The two exited the chamber as Brody wheeled to the exit, “We betta be gettin’ out of here before Kipp slipsteps up to find us!”
Stopping at the ticket counter, Finn leaned over to the man who gave him his pass, “Could ya’ do me another favor, friend?”
“I’m not your friend, but I’m listening.”
“Yeah, well, there’s this guy planet side that’s givin’ me and my disabled friend here, some trouble. Might you be able to delay his slipstep just a wee bit?”
“Are you responsible for the teleport chamber being shot at?”
“Noooo, wasn’t me. It was Kippinger who shot at us when we teleported.”
Brody raised his voice so the man would pay attention to him, “It was not my man, Finnie, sir. It was da Kippinger who did shoot at us!”
“Well, it’s a good thing for you. That teleport bay is on lock down. You might have just enough time to get to your ship and fly outta here before he can access another slipstepper.”
“Well, that’s all fine and well, but we also have to claim my detained man.”
“I would hurry if I was you, mister,” the ticket agent smiled, “Again, I’ve not had this much fun in weeks! I’m lovin’ the drama!”
“C’mon, Brody,” Finn said with a wave of his arm, “By the way, which way to the detention bay?”
“Unfortunately for you, it’s on the opposite side from where you’re docked.”
“Ahh, okay. Thank you for all your help,” Finn shouted as the two exited the teleport center.
“How we gonna make it, Finnie?”
“Not to worry, bored-man! I got us covered.”
“I ain’t bored, das for sure, Finnie!” Brody continued wheeling his chair as fast as he could to keep up with the running Finnigan.
Several passersby jumped from Brody’s jerking chair as he turned left and then right doing the best he could as he piloted down the corridor, “Sorry…. Excuse me! … Sorry! … I am new at dis! … … whoops … … lookout!”
  Brody crashed into another man, who was focusing on his data pad, as he turned the corner. The crash sent both of them to the floor and Brody was tossed from his chair.
“Oh my gosh!” the man shrieked as he watched the paralyzed man writhe on the ground, “Let me help you…”
Brody swung at the man, sending him reeling backward into the arms of a very angry Kippinger.
Three guards exited another teleport chamber. They began chasing the pair down the hall toward where Kippinger exited another chamber. Finn slid to a stop and pulled his sidearm. He looked at the running guards on the opposite side of the corridor. Kippinger was holding a worried-looking man as Brody crawled his way back to his chair.
Finn attempted to fire but nothing happened. He glanced at his weapon and down the hall and gave a shrug. He shouted before tossing the weapon, “Damn dampening fields, anyway!” The gun tumbled around parallel to the ground, like a rock skipping water. It hit the guard’s feet, tripping them all to the ground and tumbling into a stunned Kippinger, who now reeled backward having the men fall on top of him.
Finn righted his friend’s chair and quickly gave Brody a boost up. Grabbing the rear handles he began running down the corridor. The stumbling guards were falling more times, to the floor, than a Keystone Cop bit. It kept a frustrated Kippinger pined to the ground, yelling, “GET UP! GET OFF OF ME!”
Kippinger’s screams faded as Finn ran with Brody out front, his eyes wide as they rounded the last corner to the detention center.
“Slow down, Finn! Slow down!” Brody yelled as he held on to the sides of the chair.
“No! Faster! I need to go faster!”
Entering the bay, Finn pressed the door close sequence, sealing them inside the detention bay.
The room was lined with two rows of three cells. Duncan stood to his feet, from one of the cells, as they flew into the detention center.
“Well, it’s about damn time you got back here! Jeez! Seems like it’s been hours!”
“It has been hours!” Finn protested.
“How we goin ta’ get to da ship? We can no go dat way,” Brody pointed the way they came.
“No, we can’t, but I have an idea.” Turning to the security guard on duty, he asked, “Can you let my man go now, sir?”
The security guard sized up Brody and Finn and frowned, “I need to have all the proper release forms signed in triplicate. One moment while I prepare your authorization scan.”
“I’m in a bit of a hurry, can I just transmit them to ya’ on my way outta here? As in far, far, outta here…as in, to another sector?”
“Nope. I can’t open the cell until--”
Finn grabbed the man by the neck and pinned him to the wall and squeezed, “No, I think I would be much obliged ifin’ you would just open the cell?”
“Sure-sure-sure… the key code is: 56412-3222…”
Brody wheeled himself to the keypad and punched in the code. Their reward was the bars on the door sliding open and letting Duncan out from his confinement.
“Okay, great!” Duncan smiled, “Feels good to get out of there. Let’s go!”
“No!” Finn protested.
“Why not?” Duncan protested.
Finnigan released the guard by the neck, but remained close up to the man’s face.
Brody wheeled over to the guard and grabbed his rail-gun and pointed it at the door, “We can no go dat way! Da Kipp will be comin’ t’rough dat door in a short minute!”
“Oh, Finn,” Duncan protested, “What kind of trouble are you in this time?!”
“Plenty. We’re cut off from our ship. Grabbing the guard by his neck once more, “Can you lock these doors? I don’t want anyone coming through, got it?”
“Yeah, sure-sure-sure, I can lock it. Just let me access my console…”
Finn squeezed harder, “You better not try any monkey business, understand? Lock it and that’s it!”
“You betta do as Finnie says,” Brody smiled, “or first round be in your head.”
The guard nodded his understanding as Finn let the man loose and allowed him to his console. After pressing three commands, the door buzzed and lit up with a red light.
The guard put his hands up and stepped away from the console saying, “It’s locked!” 
“Can they unlock it from the other side?”
“Eventually…” said the guard.
“Real good, Finnie,” Duncan frowned, “We’re trapped in here.”
“Maybe… maybe not,” Finn smiled as he retrieved the sealed card from his pocket.
“What you doin’, Finnie?” Brody asked.
“I’m going to see if what I read about this card is true. Until now, I’ve been a bit scared.”
Unlocking the case, Finn gently opened it and stared at the card.
“There it is…” Finn said, staring at the card.
Everyone, except the guard who cowered in one corner of the room, gathered around and gazed upon it.
“Yep, dere it is,” Brody said, with raised eyebrows.
Finn hesitated at first and then took the card from the case and held it. Flipping the case closed, he tucked it back inside his pocket and held the card with both hands.
The door to the detention center began sparking as they tried cutting a hole in the door.
The card began to come alive. The gears all turned, rotating. Some turned clockwise while the others counterclockwise. The gears spun several times around before stopping and then began moving in the opposite direction. The compass, on the card, now began to spin and the star pattern faded on the black background. An image formed of their ship’s cargo bay and then spread outward, enveloping the trio.
The guard to the detention center jumped up as they finished cutting the hole. Kippinger charged through the door, only to see his fugitives vanish from thin air, “FINNIGAN!!!”


-- The Katana


Finnigan and his crew found themselves standing in the cargo bay. He quickly reached into his pocket, opened the case and dropped the card inside before clicking and locking it closed.
“What da hell jus’ happen, Finnie?”
Bob dropped his wrench as he ran over and leaped into Finnigan’s arms, “Hey! You’re way past due, Finnie!”
“I know, I know,” Finn said, putting Bob back on the ground.
“Yeah, what the hell just happened?” Duncan echoed. 
“Well, let’s just say, this card is the real deal, folks!”
“The card sent us back to our ship?” Duncan nervously yelled.
“Yes, yes, it did, Dunk-man.”
“… and I got ta’ say, not a short minute too late,” Brody added.
“Sorry, Brawl-man,” Finn nervously smiled, “But your chair kept slowin’ me down!”
“Not me, man, I tink Duncan slow you down…”
“Hey, what are you talkin about?!” Duncan protested.
The ship’s alert sounded, echoing across the cargo bay, “I think the station is calling,” Bob nodded.
“Can you answer them, Bob?” Finn asked, approaching the rum cases, “I really need a drink!”
“I’ve been answering them ever since Duncan was arrested. They won’t stop calling!”
“Well, did you tell them I was busy?”
“Yeah, I took care of everything.”
“Hey,” Finn protested as he opened one of the rum crates, “There’s some hooch missin’!”
“Oh, well, it was only a few bottles, Finnie,” Bob smiled.
“A few bottles?” Finn argued, “You drank a few bottles?!”
“Nah, it wasn’t me. It was my friend, Gil. I sent him home with one and paid the station fees with two. You know, as a thank you gift, for letting us dock an’ all.”
Sarcastically, Finn stated, “Gee, thanks for that, Bob.”
“What?” Bob shrugged as he puffed on his cigar.
“If we had of just bought a code and used our own slipstepper,” Finn complained.
“Well, it doesn’t do any good to cry over lost rum, now does it?”
“Well, I suppose not…” Finn turned and pointed a stern finger at Bob, “You did not drink any of that, right?”
“Scouts honor,” Bob said, motioning with an X across his chest.
“You were never a scout.”
“I know. That’s why I can say that.”
“Hey,” Finn again protested, “There are four missing! What happened to the fourth one, Bob?”
“I said I gave it to Gil.”
“You said you gave him three!”
“Three, four, who’s really counting when you have as much as you do?”
“I’m counting!” Finn yelled.
“Testy… jeez.”
“Tell us about the damn card, Finnie,” Duncan insisted.
“Da, tell us about da card! How did you do dat?”
“I’ll explain everything in a few minutes. Right now, we better get us a movin’ off this station.”
Finnigan climbed the ladder to his pilot controls and strapped down, “I suggest everyone hold on!”
“Easy for you ta’ say, Boss-man!” Brody complained. “What am I supposed ta’ do?”
“Bob, can you help Brody strap down in the cargo bay?”
“Yeah, Finnie, I got this.”
“What do you mean, strap me down? I’m not cargo!”
“Well, right now, you are, Brody,” Bob nodded, “C’mon, this way.”
Finn opened his channel and asked the station attendant for departure clearance and the clunk from the station’s hull was evidence of their approval.
Finn pushed his throttle forward as he turned the Katana from the station, “We’re heading to the nebula! Someone bring me one of them bottles!”
The Katana powered up its slipstream and sped away from the Qui’nose system.

8


-- Chase Nebula


“So,” Duncan repeated, “You’re saying this card you have does this and you’ve never used it before?”
“Well, no,” Finn answered, holding a mostly empty bottle of rum, “These things aren’t to be used lightly, Drunk-man,” Finn slurred.
“I can honestly say that you are most correct, there, Finnie… I am, indeed, a drunk man.”
“See? I promised plenty of rum,” Finn smiled as he held the bottle in the air, “Plenty o’ rum, yes, indeed.”
“Hey, Brody,” Duncan asked, “How you doing over there, buddy?”
“Who, me?” Brody smiled, still being strapped down in the cargo bay, “I am feelin’ no pain, Duncan the drunk man.”
“Good… the way it outta be,” Duncan nodded, holding his empty bottle in the air with Finn.
“Hey, Bob!” Finn shouted, looking toward the pilot house ladder, “How are you doin’?”
Bob descended the ladder, sliding down to their level, “Ol’ Bob’s doing as good as he can… no booze for me, he says, nope, not one teeny tiny drop for Bob the Chimp.”
“I already explained that. You can’t hold your liquor.”
“One time,” Bob said with a headshake, “One time of not remembering what the hell I did and I’m cut off. Like a dead flower falling off its stem.”
“Oh, now, be dramatic,” Finn smiled in his direction.
“Go on, Finnie,” Brody begged, “Give the little fella a swig. One sip do not hurt anyting.”
“Oh, trust me, Brode-man…”
“Just appease the ape and let him have some, okay, Finnie,” Duncan added.
“Okay, okay, Bob. C’mer… I’ll give ya’ one sip.”
Bob turned away and crossed his arms, “I don’t want any, now.”
“Okay, suit yourself,” Finn laughed.
“Hey, now wait one…” Bob turned, holding his index finger at Finnigan.
“Nope. The offer was a one-time deal, Bob. There’re no take backs.”
Bob changed fingers and made rude noises at Finn before climbing back to the pilot house.
“Now, Bob. Don’t be that way.”
“If you want to talk, then you’ll have to come to me,” Bob said, his voice diminishing as he entered the pilot house.
“So, Finnie,” Brody began, “When do I get my bio-braces? Are we goin’ to float out here in da nebula forever, or do you have a plan?”
“Why, yes, Brody, I do have a plan. In fact, we’re waiting out here, in this here nebula, and are minutes from a trade lane. At least it’s actually a navigational error on their part, really.”
“You have target for raid, Finnie?” 
“Again, you are so preceptive, Brode-man. Yes, I have intel that there will be a freighter passing near this nebula in a few hours.”
“What is da cargo, Finnie? What in it for Brody?”
“They’re haulin’ a ton of electronic goods. On the way to Cellos-5.”
“Cellos-5 is a long way from here, Finnie. What gives?” Duncan asked.
“Let’s just say, I knew about this a few weeks ago…”
“And you’re just now tellin’ us about it?” Duncan protested, sipping the last drops from his empty bottle.
“It was supposed to be a surprise.”
“I’m surprised, alright.”
“C’mon, Drunk-man… just be happy I decided to go back for you. Jeez, gettin’ arrested on that station was not in my plans… we could have used you planet side!”
“Finnie telling truth,” Brody added, “no joke to be outnumbered…”
“Thank you, Brode-man, I appreciate the support…”
“… Brody support for time bein’. Heist must go well… make Finnie team enough credits to get new legs for Brody…”
“You’ll get those bio-legs, my man. Right after we steal them off the transport.”
“They carry new legs for Brody?”
“Yes, Brode-man, the whole point of this one, is the high-tech score. There is one special order of ten pieces, among other things. You get one set and we’ll sell the other nine for top price.”
“Wat else in transport we score?”
“Odds and ends electronics. They’ll be easy sales at a couple of outposts I know.”
“You don’t have a buyer this time, Finnie?”
“Not this time, no.”
“Now, that surprises me,” Duncan laughed. “At least we won’t be selling them to Keegan… good fur nothin’ trader.”
“Keegan has gone too far, I shall agree,” Finn smiled, “But I won’t refuse his credits if he wants to buy stuff.”
“Not a good idea, Finnie.”
“Sound like, Duncan know best. Keegan want to take back ship when you left, you say. He not trustworthy trader. Brody say stay away.”
“Well, he’d have to come to us, not at his place, that’s for sure.”
“Da, sound like better plan if you ever sell to Keegan.”
“Say, Finnie,” Duncan said before dropping his empty, “You never told us how you knew about this transport?”
“Ah yes, the transport. You see, I had someone, accidentally, change this transport’s flight plan to this nearby location in the Chase Nebula.”
“Someone, as in who?”
“Someone, as in, none-of-your-business. My contact. My confidence.”
“Someone, as in, do I know this, Someone?”
“I’m not at liberty to say, but I will say, it’s a friend of a friend.”
“It’s Petra, isn’t it.”
“Gawd,” Finnigan chuckled, “Lucky guess.”
“So, wat about, Petra, Finnie? Brody want to know what happened to Petra?”
“She was captured by the Sinclair and then they shot down the Scimitar.”
“And all our cargo,” Duncan added.
“You let her get captured?” Brody protested, “Brody not like dat!”
“Not on purpose, Brode-man,” Finnie explained, “Tell him, Duncan, tell him it was her idea to make sure we got away.”
“Finnie does tell the truth, sometimes,” Duncan smiled.
“Hey, I tell the truth.”
“Sometimes.”
“No, all the time, Drunk-man,” Finnie answered, “I just choose not telling you everything; that’s not lying.”
“Finnie got you on dat one,” Brody laughed with pointed finger.
“Say, that transport will be in range in a few hours? We’re drunk. How you gonna fly this ship, drunk?”
“Never too drunk to fly her. Remember, it’s one hand on the bottle and one hand on the throttle.”
“Dat is good one, Finnie. Brody like dat.”
“See?” Finn pointed, “He agrees.”
“He just wants his legs.”
“Brody want legs, yes. But Brody miss fighting, more. Wat is plan, Finnie?”
“Yes, well, Duncan and I will use the slipstepper after we take their shields down. We step over. Take the ship by force and capture the cargo. We’ll bring it back over with our slipstepper. Then we set them on their way and we escape into the nebula.”
“Why don’t we use that fancy card you have there, in your pocket, Finnie?”
“I still really don’t know how to control it.”
“Well, you controlled it to get us back to the Katana. How’d you do it then?”
“Shier adrenaline. I just thought where I wanted us to go.”
“And here we are,” Brody smiled. “Hey Finnie! Brody want another bottle!”
“No more bottles tonight, Brody,” Finn pointed. “You need to steer the ship.”
“Brody not get to fight? Brody not like dis idea!”
“You’ll get to fight on the next raid, Brode-man. You kind of need those bio-braces first.”
“Finnie, if you try using your card. We could sneak on board. They won’t even know we stole their cargo if we do this right?”
“Come on, Finnie,” Brody urged, “Maybe practice make perfect. Go on. Give it a try.”
“Well,” Finn reluctantly nodded, “Maybe I’ll give it a shot.”
Finnigan pulled the hard case from his pocket and unlocked it. Hesitating for a moment, he slowly opened the case and held the card.
He closed his eyes and concentrated on the card, but nothing happened. Duncan came to his side and took the metal case.
“Maybe you have to use both hands?”
Finn nodded and held the card as he did before with both hands and his eyes squeezed shut.
Nothing.
“Guys, it’s just not working…”
“Open your eyes, Finnie,” Brody suggested.
“I’m scared too, Brode-man.”
“Just do it, Finnie. Dat’s da only ting different.”
“I think he’s right, Finnie, you have to stare at the card.”
Finnie slowly relaxed his eyelids and allowed them to open. His gazed now fixed on the card. The gears began to turn, the star pattern faded as the image turned to what he thought.
In less than a second, Finnigan found himself standing behind Duncan and then reached up and tapped his shoulder, sending him reeling as he watched his Captain vanish in front of him.
Duncan turned and grabbed Finnigan by his shoulder, “Finnie-Finnie-Finnie! It works!”
“I see that, Drunk-man.”
“Hey!”
“Well, aren’t you?”
“Well, yeah, okay, I am… but that doesn’t matter! Do you know what this means, Finn?”
“No, what does it mean… I mean, other than being able to use this in our sneak attack.”
“We can get Petra back!”
“Oh, hey… what a novel idea, there, Duncan… but no. I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“She knows where the fist card is. Who knows what that one does!”
“Da, you better tink on Petra and bring her back. If we have two cards, twice the power we will have.”
“I will have, remember, it’s my card. There’s no we in mine, only me.”
Duncan and Brody returned a glare before Finnigan gulped, “Well, except, by you helping me find the other three, you’ll get to live in paradise. At least that’s what the legend says.”
“What does legend say about card one?” Brody asked.
“Well, it says that the holder of card one can create a cyclone.”
“And you do not think card one is worthy of bringing Petra back?”
“Ahh maaan… She has this thing about me that I’m not at all comfortable with… Besides, she only says she knows where it is, I might point out. She’s never told me about this before.”
“You’ll never know, Finnie,” Brody added, “Unless you go after her.”
Bob’s voice echoed down from the pilot house, “I’d do it, but it’s not my card…”
“You would too, Bob, you would too. Ahhh, guys! It’s really a tough call.”
“Three cards from paradise…” Duncan reminded.
“Okay-okay-okay, we’ll go get Petra.”
“Dis is good decision, Finnie.”
“Thanks, Brody. I’ll do this, but you’re not gonna like it when she starts a cryin’ upon my continued rejection. Gawd, this is nuts!”
“C’mon, Finnie, it’s not that bad. The chick really digs you, man.”
“Yeah, lucky me.”
Finnigan took the card and held it up and gazed on its center. He thought of Petra and how much he needed her to be with the crew. The gears on the card remained still and the compass fixed in one spot.
He continued to stare at the card, but nothing happened.
Finally, he relented and lowered his arms, “I don’t understand. It worked this way last time.”
“Try thinking of someplace else,” Brody suggested.
“Okay, let me try this.”
Finnigan held the card up and gazed into it. The gears and compass began to move and chatter before he vanished before their eyes. 
Bob’s screech was all the evidence they needed to know their Captain was still on board.
“Everyting good, Finnie?”
“Yeah, Bob needs a new diaper, though.”
“It’s not my turn to change him,” Duncan laughed.
“Yeah, real funny, Finnie,” Bob chastised. “I can change myself, remember, I have enhancements. Besides, this will give me some practice with my arm.”
“Your arm?” Finn asked.
“Yeah, throwing my shi…”
“Never you mind that, Bob!” Finn scolded, “You’ll not throw your poo,” he sternly pointed, “Got it?”
“Yeah, yeah, I remember what happened last time.”
“Good, … and let that be a lesson for ya’.”
Finnigan held the card up and gazed at it once more before vanishing and reappearing in the cargo bay, “Hey, this is pretty cool. I’m startin’ to kind a’ like this.”
“Yeah, just don’ sneak up on Brody like dat. Brody not like being startled!”
“I’ll try to remember that,” Finn returned the card to the case and stuffed it in his pocket.
“Are you just going to give up?”
“No, but I think I know what’s wrong.”
“Oh, so now you’re an expert on the card?”
“Why, yes, Duncan, I am. You see, I did it last time, because I know where I’m going. With Petra. I have no idea where she is.”
“How we gonna find out where she is?”
“Good question, Duncan. I really don’t know. I do know she was on the Sinclair. I have no idea if she’s still there.”
“Maybe if you knew where that Capital ship was, you could reach her then.”
“Dat ship could be any place, Finnie.”
“After this raid, we’ll head to another port. Maybe poke round and ask a few questions.”
“Dat sound good. Brody want to fight soon. Now how long before Brody gets legs fixed?”
“That transport should be showing up on our long-range scanners anytime. I’ll go topside and start checking.”

9


-- Chase Nebula


“There she is now,” Finnigan announced, “STS Wellington. Space Transport System.”
“Isn’t that ship part of the TSF?”
“The Transport Space Force,” Finnigan repeated, “Let me check my ship’s database. See if we can get anything more on her.”
Finnigan ran the data and read it as it poured onto his screen, “Yep. The STS Wellington is part of the TSF.”
“That’s not good, Finn,” Duncan warned, “There could be more galactic ships nearby.”
“I’ll broaden the scan gain and see if there’s anything out there.”
“Don’t wait forever, Finnie. That transport is moving fast!”
“So far, no other ships near. There are a few, but they’re over an hour away at flank speed.”
“Okay, Finnie. Do you’re thing. Get your card all juiced up and bring us back our payload!”
“Right, right. Okay, I’m going down to our cargo bay to do this,” Finnigan climbed from his flight controls and pointed over to Brody, “Duncan will help you get strapped in, just in case we need you to fly her and I call upon the Dunk-man.”
After climbing down the ladder to the cargo hold, Finn removed the strange card from its box and held it up.
He focused on the card and the ship’s location but the gears never began to turn, “Something’s wrong!”
“It’s not working?” Duncan asked from above.
“No! I’m getting nothing! Damn finicky card!”
“Maybe it can’t get a lock at their speed?”
“I’m thinking so too, Drunkard. I think we’ll be needin’ to have Brody fly us there. Man the guns and take down their engines and shields. We’ll have to cross over with the slipstepper.”
“Punching throttle!” Brody shouted.
“Guns are armed and at the ready!” Duncan reported, “So much for our surprise attack!”
“Yeah, I know,” Finn shouted from below, “I’ll have the stepper prepped. We can’t go over until those shields are down!”
“The Katana is leaving the Nebula,” Brody reported as he took the controls and flew their intercept course.
The space cruiser rocketed toward their target when blue blasters shot from the bow of the Katana.
“Shields are compromised,” Duncan reported, “Taking the engines down, now!”
More blue blasts fired from Finnigan’s ship, hitting their defenseless target, slowly bringing them to a stop.
“Gravimetric beam is engaged. We have them!”
“Good work, Duncan,” Finnigan shouted, “Now get on down here, so we can slipstep on over and introduce ourselves.”
Duncan, already climbed down to the cargo bay, tapped on Finnigan’s shoulder, sending him reeling with a start.
“Hey-hey-hey,” Finn protested, “I’m the only one allowed to do that!”
“And it’s the unintended ones that are the best,” Duncan laughed.
“C’mon, chucklehead, get on in there and I’ll start the sequence,” Finnigan pointed.
Duncan drew his sidearm and made ready as Finn entered the slipstepper. The beam glowed from the center of the chamber and grew outward, teleporting the two on the bridge of their target ship.
Finn pointed his weapon at the ship’s captain and smiled, “Hello. My name is Captain Sean Finnigan. We have you locked in our graviton beam. Your engines are offline and it is quite apparent,” Finn said with a flourishing arm, “that you are captured.”
“You won’t get away with this!” The Wellington’s, black hair and brown-eyed, captain protested.
The remaining crew froze at their stations, looking on at the pirate takeover.
“We’re taking your cargo and will set you free upon our glorious departure. Then, you can make repairs and be on your way.”
“We’ve already put out a distress call. There is a Capital ship bearing down on you as we speak. CS Yucatan will blow your pirate cruiser into the next galaxy!”
“Oh, such brave words, Captain…” Finn paused, “What did you say your name was again?”
“I never told you my name.”
“And that would be?”
“Captain Jules Bates of the Galactic Space Force.”
Finn turned to Duncan, “I thought you said he was with the Transport Space Force?”
“He is. I show this captain as double-dipping the till, so ta’ speak,” Duncan smiled.
“I would never!”
“It says here you did and this info could be easily transmitted to the Yucatan. Then you’d have some explainin’ ta’ do, yourself.”
The wrist band on Finn’s arm buzzed. He raised it up and answered the call, “Yeah, what’s happenin’, Brode-man?”
“We got trouble, Finnie.”
“I thought you said that Capital ship was an hour out?”
“I did, but dis is not GSF ship!”
“Come again?”
“It another space cruiser. It be bearin’ down on Katana.”
“Crud! It’s another pirate ship!”
“Der transponder do not scan.”
“Figures,” Finn turned to Captain Bates and chuckled, “There’s no honor among thieves, I suppose. So, Brody, have they tried to make any kind of call to see what’s up? I mean, there is a pirate creed.”
“No, Finnie. Dey not talking.”
“How far out are they?”
“Dey were in da Nebula behind us. Dey are armed and two minutes out.”
“Well, see if you can raise them and then patch them over to my comm set.”
“You be standing by, then, Finnie.”
“Take us to your cargo.”
“And If I choose not to cooperate?”
“We’ll still find it… and you’ll find yourself,” Finn stepped over and wrapped an arm around the man’s neck and turned him to a portal, “You’ll find yourself looking on the outside in. Well, at least for a minute or so. Getting spaced isn’t real pleasant, I understand. So, I expect you’ll decide to cooperate. It’ll make this much better for you. Faster for us, you know. I’d like to be on our way in just a few simple minutes.”
“Slipstep tech won’t take all our cargo in one trip. You’ll have several trips. It’s gonna take you a couple of hours.”
“Ah, so, I’m glad you decided to show us where it is,” Finn began escorting the man off the bridge and down the ship’s corridor to the main cargo bay.
“It won’t take us that long. Not that long at all,” Finn pulled his card from the metal case and held it to his chest so it wouldn’t activate right away.
After the captain opened the lock to the bay, Finn stepped inside and held his card up. Duncan joined him inside the cargo hold.
“Just close us up in here and we’ll be on our way.”
Before the captain could seal them inside the cargo bay, another slipstep beam delivered three women, armed with phase pistols, and held the Captain, Finn and Duncan, at gun point. “Surrender and you won’t get hurt.”
Finn held his card and stared at it. The gears began spinning. The compass turned in a circle.
The one dark-haired busty woman held up a similar card and gently blew on it. The gears spun and then sent out a wave of ice-cold chill that caused Finn to shut his eyes.
The gears stopped moving and the wave of cold frosted over his card.
Finn ran from the blast of artic cold and quickly held his card up, the gears spun, once again and he vanished from the perusing woman.
Reappearing behind the lead woman, he held his dagger to her neck and pressed, “I would say you are at a sizable disadvantage, missy. So, put your card away, lower your weapons and we’ll be on our way… with this cargo.”
“Do as he says,” the woman cautiously ordered her two cohorts, as she lowered her card to her side.
“This is my score, missy! I suggest you go back to where it is you came from and let us finish our raid.”
“I have my eyes on this cargo as well!” the woman protested.
“I was here first! So, it’s mine!”
“I’ll split it with you fifty-fifty…”
“Says the woman with a knife at her neck. You don’t have any say here!”
“Will someone just finish raiding so we can fix our ship!?” Captain Bates protested.
“I’ll get to it soon enough, Captain,” Finn answered, “As for you, I have plenty of time before that ship is on us!”
“Our guns are pointed at your ship, sir,” the woman added, “You can’t afford any damage now, can ya’?”
“Whatever happened to the Pirates Creed?” Finn asked, “Jeez, you get a couple newcomers that think they can just come in and rob ya’ blind.”
Duncan glanced at his watch and nodded to Finn as he held his gun on the two cohorts, “They’ll be on us in a quick thirty minutes, Finn. She does have a point.”
“I’d listen to your faithful crewmate, sir.”
“Tell ya’ what, we all go back to my ship, with present cargo, and we’ll negotiate a fair bargain.”
“Sounds good to me,” the woman protested, “So, you going to release me so you can activate your card?”
“I want you to tuck that pretty little card you own away, which, by the way, we really need to talk about that too, and I’ll have my man lower his weapon. Once your team’s weapons are safely holstered, that is. Then I’ll take us on over.”
“You drive a very convincing proposal,” the woman squirmed under the pressure of Finn’s dagger. “Okay, ladies, you heard the man. Holster your weapons,” the woman ordered as she cautiously tucked her card in her belt, facing inward.
“Okay, it’s very good that you’re playing nice,” Finn nodded as he slowly lowered his dagger and sheathed it.
Stepping into the ship’s cargo hold, Finn held his card up, the gears spun and the compass turned several times before they found themselves standing on the cargo deck of the Katana.”
The woman caught herself as her knees buckled, “Whoa, that’s some talent your card has there!”
“We’re back, Brody!” Finn shouted, “Looks like we have cargo…”
“… and a few visitors from that ship pointing guns at us!” Duncan added.
Bob climbed down the ladder and approached with swinging arms at the group.
“You have a monkey? Get him away from me,” the woman shouted after promptly sneezing, “I’m terribly allergic to their dander!”
Bob stepped within three-feet of the woman and placed his hands to his hips, “I beg your pardon, madam! Does no one in this galaxy understand the difference? I… am… a Chimpanzee!”
“Wow, you have an illegally enhanced Chimpanzee? Marvelous...” the woman said, sneezing again.
Bob took a couple steps back, “So, um, Finnie, what’s the plan? The Yucatan is bearing down with weapons hot!”
“How close are they now?”
Brody shouted down from the pilot house, “Dey be here in twenty minutes, Finnie!”
 “Finnie,” the woman began, “As in Finnigan? Thee Finnigan?”
“You’ve heard of me?” Finn smiled across the deck at the young woman.
“No, can’t say I have,” the woman laughed, “No, really, everyone in the galaxy has heard of you… now…”
Finn looked sideways at the woman, “What do you mean by, now?”
“Well, you’ve left a trail of breadcrumbs on every neutral outpost in this sector, that’s all! Everyone knows you have a card. You used it openly. You know how sought after one of these are?”
“Well, that’s good to know… and I also happen to know you’re sportin’ one of them cards and judging by what happened on that freighter, I’d say it’s card number two.”
“Yes, I own Frost Byte. I scored it in a lockbox. Apparently, the last owner had an untimely passing, so, I became its owner.”
“You killed them?”
“No, it wasn’t me. I suppose it was natural causes and a stroke of luck on my part.”
“So, what’s your name and how did you get a silent transponder?”
“Yes, let me introduce myself. I’m Allie. My Ship is the SC Trident and we are the Sisters of the Space Sirens. That’s Erma and Alicia,” Allie pointed, “two of my crew. Peggy and Lula are back on the Trident, still with weapons pointed at your ship, I might add.”
“Well, perhaps now that we’ve all made proper introductions, how’s about you callin’ your ship. We can navigate back to the nebula where we can finalize our negotiations.”
“Sounds fair,” Allie nodded, “I’d rather avoid further contact with the Yucatan.”
“You’ve run across him before, have ya’?”
“Twice before,” Allie smirked, “I barely escaped. Captain Joyce is tough as nails.”
“Excuse me?” Finn protested, “But, Captain Joyce, doesn’t sound very dangerous.”
Allie pointed, “Exactly! He makes up for it other ways!”
“So, um, how’s about calling them now?”
“Oh, right, sure,” Allie nervously chuckled. Holding her arm up, she spoke into her comm link, “Hey, Peggy, Lula, you copy me?”
“Yeah, Allie, what’s going on over there? Do you want us to fire on this ship, or what?”
“It’s or what, at the moment. Stand down. Contact this ship’s pilot…” 
“…Brody…” Finn whispered to Allie.
“…Brody, and coordinate our flight path back to the Chase Nebula! Before Reggie catches up again?”
 “You got it, Allie,” Peggy answered over her comm link.
“Brody, answer Peggy’s call and get us outta here!”
“You got it, boss-man!”
The two ships began firing full power to thrusters, sending the two space cruisers away from the Wellington and toward the Chase Nebula.
“We be on course, Finnie. Katana arrive at nebula in five minutes. We flyin’ in formation, Finnie. Katana and Trident, toget’er we badass space force!”
“See?” Allie smiled, “Even ol’ Brody knows we ought to work together. Whattya say we seal our pact we seem to have formed and split this thing fifty-fifty.”
“Sixty-forty and we’ll have a deal.”
“Sixty-forty? C’mon, you’re hurtin’ me over here.”
“Hey, it was my heist. I orchestrated it. I paid good notes to have that ship sent off course.” 
“Fifty-five-forty-five,” she countered.
“I should get my investment back, first, that’s all I’m sayin’.”
“Fine, fine, we do fifty-fifty, then.”
“Nice try, but math I did not flunk. Fifty-five-forty-five or no deal!”
“Sold.”
“Real smooth, Finnie,” Bob said, moving his arm like a boat across water before dipping lower. “And you just drowned.”
“Yeah, your real clever, by the way. I actually made more on this load than it cost, so that is a bonus.”
Duncan cleared his throat, “Don’t forget our cut, twenty times two.”
Finn pointed over to Duncan, “And we all know who did flunk math, now, don’t we?”
“No, who?”
“You, Drunk-man.”
“Not me and I’m not drunk anymore.”
“But you still flunked math.”
“No, because you owe Brody and I,” Duncan pointed backward to himself with his thumb, “twenty-twenty, which leaves you with fifteen.”
“Well, at least I broke even on this deal. Did I tell ya’ how much this deal cost me?”
“You didn’t have to, Finnie, do the math.”
“Oh, yeah, the math, right, fifteen percent.”
“So, did you already pay your source, or did you have them put it on your tab,” Allie asked.
“It’s not really any of your business, now is it?”
“Touchy, ain’t he?” Allie smiled toward Duncan.
“If ya’ ask me,” Duncan smiled, “I’ll bet he used Max’s account for that, too.”
Finn raised and index finger to his lips, “Shhh, don’t have ta’ let everyone know about that.”
Allie looked over to Erma and Alicia and chuckled, “He used Max’s account!”
“You know Max?” 
“Yeah, more like, Max knows us. He gonna be plenty mad when he finds out.”
“Like I keep tellin’ everyone, he told me I could.”
“Yeah, uh-huh,” Allie smiled, waltzing over to Finn. She wrapped an arm around his neck and pulled him close, “It’s a figure of speech, Finnigan. He doesn’t mean to use his accounts.”
“But he gave me the bloody codes, too!!”
“We now enter the Chase Nebula, Finnie,” Brody announced. “We are both undetectable by the Yucatan.”
 “Good,” Finn said, ducking from around Allie’s arm, “Now. We should discuss a very important topic.”
“The cards??” Allie asked.
“Yes, the cards. Seems as if we each own one. We should team up and find the others.”
“There are three cards left. No one knows where they are?”
“I know where the first card is.” Finn smiled.
“You do?”
“Well, I don’t know, myself, but I know someone who does.”
“Who? Let’s go track them down.”
“Well, I would,” Finn smiled, “But I don’t know where she is?”
“She?”
“Petra. She was taken prisoner when the Sinclair took down my ship.”
“Well, then I suppose we have much to discuss.”
“We do?”
“Yes. If Petra knows where the card is, we have to break her out of GSF Detention.”
“Do you know where they’re keeping her?”
“No,” Allie hesitated, “But we’ll figure it out. We gonna team up, then?”
“Yeah, yeah, sure-sure-sure.”
Bob sighed, “Oh boy, here we go.”
“You mind keepin’ your monkey under control… OW! He just bit me! The little vermin!”
“Yeah? I did! Just be glad I didn’t bite you in your ass! Next time you call me a monkey, I will!”
“Sorry, Bob! Sorry!” Allie scowled as she sneezed three times.


10


-- CS Sinclair


“Terminating slipstream,” the ship’s helm reported, “Returning to normal speeds. We have arrived at the Praax system.”
“Very well, then. Helm: plot a course to Llorix-7.”
“Aye, Commodore. Plotting course to Llorix-7. We’ll be in range with the orbital detention center in a few minutes.”
“Secure from quarters. Begin slipstream cool down protocols and bring the ion plasma drives online. Get us in slipstep range A-SAP!”
“Aye, sir. We’re coming up on Orbital Detention-032, sir,” the Sinclair’s helm reported.
“Captain Sparre,” Commodore Strandberg ordered, “Prepare the prisoner for transport. Report to Warden Wilkins.”
“Ophelia?” Sparre chuckled, “You are cruel,” he smiled.
“Yes, Ophelia ‘Effie’ Wilkins will keep Sylvina the Slayer in line; don’t you think?”
“Oh, I’m quite sure she will, Commodore,” Captain Sparre laughed.
“We are now in slipstep range. I have received the shield access codes and have relayed them to the slipstep chamber Sargent.”
“Very well. Let’s not keep Effie waiting for her new pet.”
“I’m on my way, sir,” Sparre saluted as he turned and left the bridge, his laugh carried down the corridor.
Coming to Petra’s holding cell, within the security bay, he pressed the access code, releasing the lock on her cell. The inner clanking signaled the door was opening.
Once the door rolled open, Captain Sparre knelt down to the woman on the floor. Dressed in a prison-style jump suite, he looked down on the woman, who only began to notice his presence. 
Her dry chapped lips had left a red stain down to her chin and the swollen cheek kept her left eye sealed shut.
He helped her sit upright and rested her against the wall as he took out his clear-plastic keycard. With a few hand gestures, the metal bindings released their hold and dropped to the floor. 
Petra looked around the room and tried focusing on the man kneeling by her side as she rubbed her wrists from the confines of her restraints, “Wh-where am you? Or I… where am I?” she mumbled across her swelled lower lip.
“Come on, Petra. You can do this. To your feet, now. We’ve arrived at the Rock.”
“The Rock? Can I have one. I think I want to throw one at me… I mean you… I want to throw one at you…”
“I see your brain fog has increased since your last probe,” Captain Sparre chuckled, “I would offer this piece of advice, Ms. Petra. Where you’re going, they won’t take lightly your disobedience.”
Petra clinched her fist and swung at the man, surprising him her fist connected with his jaw, sending his head sharply away. “Then I guess I better get all my disobedient tendencies their run, while I can,” she chuckled softly.
Sparre pulled her to her feet after rubbing his chin, “Yes, exactly like that. We can do this the hard way, or you can go quietly to the teleport chamber and accept this is where you’ll spend the rest of your life.”
“I don’t think hittin’ rocks with hammers is my idea of a vacation,” Petra swung at the man and hit his jaw, sending it in the opposite direction and then dove at the Captain, tackling him to the ground.
She got two more strikes with her closed fits before several shocks to her back paralyzed her, making Petra fall to the floor on her face.
Rolling over, her vision blurred as she tried to focus on three more sharp electrical shocks from the guards towering over her. 
Captain Sparre rubbed his chin as he looked down on Petra, “Take her to the slipstep chamber at once. And bind those arms of hers, again!”
The three guards lifted the dazed Petra to her feet. She winced as her arms were pulled behind and bound with the metal wrist braces. Two more smaller shocks to her backside, told her to move along.
Captain Sparre followed after, keeping his distance from any further violent outbursts, “You just made one of your biggest mistakes of your life, Sylvina! I shall see to it Effie treats you real nice on the Rock! Real… nice…!”
Petra shook off the shocks as she stood in the teleport chamber with Captain Sparre facing her with his blaster pointed at her chest.
“What’s the matter,” Petra asked, “You afraid of me? Well, you should be, Captain Sparre. I’ll never forget what you did to me!”
“I don’t think you’re in any position to make threats. You’re the one that’ll be spending your last days mining on this Rock… I understand the conditions planeside aren’t real favorable for humans. Bad things have happened to others down there. Found dead or dying with no life-suits. Exposure is the least of your worries.”
“Oh, I ain’t afraid of nothin’, Captain Sparre. It’ll just make me tougher for when we meet again… and we will meet again, I promise you that!”
“Activate the slipstep chamber,” Captain Sparre ordered.
The blue-colored beam formed within the chamber and grew outward into the slipstep chamber at the detention center.
After the glass door rolled open sending three-armed security guards into the chamber before taking Petra into custody.
A tall older woman with a tight bun, that held her greying hair that was neatly in place, stepped up to Petra, “So, you’re Sylvina the Slayer.” The woman scoffed, “You don’t look so tough!”
Petra hoarsely asked, “Has no one listened to me?” She continued trying to explain, “I keep tellin’ ya’, that was a bad rap.”
“Yeah, sure it was sweetie,” the cross-looking woman smiled, “Don’t worry, Slayer, I’ll break you soon enough. Take her to get processed in… ensure she is introduced to all of our policies and procedures. I wouldn’t want anyone to think she was unfamiliar with how to conduct oneself.”
“Yes, Warden,” the lead guard smiled, “It’ll be my pleasure. Right this way, Slayer.”
“She’s no fun, Captain Sparre. I would have thought I would have been beaten already. Weak… very weak…”
Another sharp electrode found the small of her back, causing her to yelp, “Don’t forget, Sparre, we have a date later!”
“I can’t wait for our next meeting, Sylvina, can’t wait,” Captain Sparre laughed as they escorted her down the corridor.
The grey and black dressed woman sported two yellow stripes on her sleeve, one being three times the width of the first, “So, tell me, Captain. How did you get those bruises on your face? Were you being soft on our prisoner?”
“I had a moment of weakness, Warden Wilkins. She fooled me into thinking she was too weak. Apparently, she decided to make it harder on herself.”
“Judging by the swelling on her face, you had it comin’!”
“Ma’am?”
“Yes, well, when you decide to torture prisoners, it is good practice to never go soft in the event the prisoner decides to take revenge.”
“Yes, I take full responsibility for letting my guard down, Warden Wilkins.”
“Call me, Effie, m’kay? There’s no need for titles here, Toby.”
“Yes, Ma’am, err, Effie.”
“You are free to return to your ship.”
“Thank you, Effie,” Captain Sparre nodded his understanding.
“Oh, and Toby…”
Turning to face Effie, he raised his eyebrows, “Yes?”
“You can rest easy knowing, Sylvina the Slayer won’t ever leave, just in case you were wondering about your personal safety.”
“Yes, right, thanks,” Captain Sparre smiled, “Trust me, I won’t let it happen again.” 
“I should hope not… and I will not be filing any reports to the Commodore regarding your weakness. Should he learn of this, you could find yourself out there, looking in… as we say,” Ophelia laughed after pointing to a porthole.
“I don’t have any plans on becoming spaced, Effie,” Sparre nervously chuckled.
“Good. I shall take care of this Petra for her disobedience.”
 Captain Sparre returned to the teleport chamber and ordered the attendant to return him to his ship as Effie turned and strode through the door. Her eyebrows narrowed as she thought of how she would deal with her new prisoner. 
A few minutes later, she was informed the prisoner’s intake was completed. She stood outside of the small interrogation room where Petra was secured for her first meeting with the station’s Warden. 
A scowl grew on the woman’s face and narrowed her brow for just the right intimidation effect before punching in her access code.
The door slid open. Petra looked at the woman through her puffed eyes, now swollen on both sides.
“Oh good,” Effie cracked a slight smirk, “I see you’ve been fully indoctrinated on our disobedience policies?”
“Effie you!” Petra spat at the woman.
“I can see we still have a ways to go with your submission training. You won’t make it far in here, if you don’t change,” Effie chuckled, “Not far at all.”
“Why don’t you just kill me and spare yourselves the cost of housing?”
“Kill you? Oh, heavens no, my dear,” Effie laughed, “Never kill. Beat, torture and mind probe, yes. Kill is something we don’t do.”
“What about the poor souls planet side I was told about? Sent out to endure the raw elements without life-suits?”
“Those were dares, Slayer. They asked for the challenge.”
“What about the others left to suffocate when they weren’t extracted before knowing their air would run out?”
“Accidents do happen. I couldn’t help the fact that comm links broke down or engine trouble began En route for extraction.”
“Yeah, I’ll bet. And stop calling me, Slayer!”
“Well, the video evidence of your slaying spree was enough to convict you.”
“I never had a trial!”
“That’s because you never gave yourself up, my Dear.”
“Why? So, I could end up in a place like this?”
“If I were you, I’d start getting used to how things are run around here.”
“Are you gonna’ plug me in and fry my brain with another probe attempt?”
“No, not today, Slayer.”
Petra came up against her shackles, pulling the table closer to Effie, “I told you not to call me that! I was never convicted in a proper court!”
“You forfeited your right to a fair trial by your refusal to appear at the GSF hearing.”
“Right! Today, convictions are handed out with no evidence or witnesses, just so you can have enough workers for your galactic mining operations. You have to make enough Galactic Credits with your trade ships!”
“You think you have the Galactic Empire all figured out, do ya’?”
“Pretty much!”
“It’s really not the Empires’ fault, Slayer. Not at all. Those opposing outposts should have laid their weapons down and surrendered.”
“The Empire decimated unarmed colonists, simply because they wanted to hold on to what they had built for themselves.”
“Well, we can debate that another time, Slayer.”
Petra grew anger across her face and pulled tight once more against her restraints. Effie backed up to avoid any unnecessary contact.
“What’s the matter? Do I scare ya’?”
“Not in the least, Slayer… So, how’s your memory fairing?”
“What do you mean? My good is memory… I mean, memory is good…”
“I see. Well, do you remember where the card is?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. What card? Are we having a game of poker after the evening meal?”
“I’ll find those memories, Slayer. I plan on having a session with you tomorrow. I have decided to give you the rest of the day to think about your behavior.”
Effie turned to leave, punching in her code before the door slid open allowing her exit.
Petra studied the pattern through her swelled eyes before closing them, memorizing the code.
Effie sealed the door behind her and turned to the attendant, “Take it back to it’s cell. Do not feed it or talk to it. Leave it’s shackles on until I return, to speak with it, tomorrow.”
“Yes, Ms. Wilkins,” the attendant saluted as she left the holding cell.
The inner door opened behind Petra and one guard entered the room to unlock her hands from the desk. 
After freeing her arms from being attached to the desk, Petra grew enough strength to yank free from the guard. Swinging, her still shackled hands, at the guard resulted in a broken jaw and missing teeth as the guard fell to the floor.
Petra quickly ran to the keypad and punched in the memorized code, causing the door to open that would spell her freedom.
Taking off in a full run as two other guards chased after her from behind, Petra turned random corners, hoping to find refuge. But each corridor she turned down ended up being more of a maze than an escape route.
Turning one final corner, resulted in stopping, face to face, with the Warden. Pulling back to take a much-desired swing at the cross-looking woman, she swung, only to be hit in the back with another electrical probe as the other two guards caught up.
Effie looked down on the collapsed Petra, “Explain to me how she got out?!”
The lead guard stepped forward at attention, “Sorry, Ma’am, it was me. I didn’t go in with the first guard.”
“And why not? Were not my instructions clear? At least two with her at all times!”
“Yes, Ma’am. I had not entered the room before her restraints were removed from the table.”
“You are responsible for this!”
“Ma’am, I might point out, she knew your code to access the door.”
“My code?” Effie protested, “How do you know that?”
“The central command unit recorded your code being used to access the door.”
Effie held her hand out to the second guard and ordered, “Give me your sidearm, Sergeant!”
“Yes, Ma’am!” the man nodded as he drew it from his holster.
“What are you doing, Ma’am?” the Sergeant asked, backing away from the weapon now aimed at his chest.
“I’m eliminating evidence…”
She pulled the trigger and shot the man in his chest at point plank range, burning a hole clean through. Then she pointed the plasma weapon at the second guard and shot her, killing her instantly.
“Now to erase that record and fill out my forms on the three untimely deaths that Slayer caused: two cell guards and one central command guard was killed by Silvana the Slayer in a failed escape attempt.” Effie recited to herself.


11


-- SC Katana


Allie looked at the half empty cargo bay, “That’s the last of it, Finnie.”
“Hey, Brody?” Finnigan shouted, “How you and Duncan coming with your legs?”
“Brody going to like dis, Finnie.”
“I’m about ready to finish the bio-link to Brody’s spine. He’ll be able to manipulate the leg braces by just thinking. It’ll be just like having your own legs, Brody.”
“So,” Allie began, “Alicia reports that we have eighteen cases of electronic parts. Three bio-brace sets each, plus one set for Brody and one set for his replacement parts.”
“Brody happy wid payment, Finnie.”
“I haven’t even turned them on, yet,” Duncan smiled.
“Wat you wait for? Get busy and turn Brody legs on!”
“There,” Duncan nodded, “That’ll do it.”
The bio-braces, strapped to his own, began to light up and whir as they came to life.
“Wat Brody need to do?”
“Just think it, Brode-man,” Finnie chuckled, “You’ll be up on your feet in no time.”
Brody raised his brow and stared at his Captain, “I tink I will, Finnie! No, I know I will!”
One leg began to twitch with movement. Then the other. Soon, Brody found himself twirling his feet and bending his leg at the knee.
“Brody ready to stand.”
“Let me help you up,” Duncan offered.
“No! Brody can do dis, by Brody’s self!”
More whirring noises sounded in the cargo bay as Brody lifted himself from his chair and supported his body using his new legs.
“See, Finnie? Brody back on Brody’s feet!”
“Good, good. You passed the standing test. How about the walking test?”
“I can walk, you see?”
Brody began lifting one leg as his body fell forward and slammed to the ground. 
Bracing himself with his arms, he rolled to his back, “OW! Maybe Body lay here for a moment.”
“Good idea,” Finnie smiled, “No rush, now. Take your time. You can do this.”
“Brody try again. Brody never give up!”
Sitting upright, he tucked his new bio-mechanical legs up under him and rose to his feet. Once he reached his full leg extensions, Brody swayed one way and then the other as he tried to steady himself on his feet.
Lifting one foot, he tipped forward, but caught himself before setting his first step in front of him. Then he laboriously lifted his back foot and swung it forward in front of his other. Another wavier to his stance caused him to pause before moving his back foot to the front again.
“See, Finnie? Brody is walking!”
Two more steps and then he fell to his knees on the third, “Brody need more practice, but Brody getting it.”
Returning to his feet, once more, Brody stepped across the cargo bay, turned, and walked with more confidence with each new step. Before he knew it, he reached his chair, where he turned and plunked down.
“You good now, Brody?”
“Da, Duncan. Brody feel real good. Brody practice more, later.”
Bob climbed down the ladder from the pilot house, another cigar poked from his lips as he waddled over closer to Allie, who gave three consecutive sneezes.
“What is it, Bob?” Finnie asked.
“And hurry it up, please,” Allie begged, “My sinuses can’t handle much more of this.”
“We agreed to have to stay here through the cargo loading. But I really think you should stay longer,” Finnie raised his eyebrows three times toward Allie, “Much longer.”
“Only if Bob stays out of the same room,” Allie nasally answered, “Otherwise, you should come to my ship.”
“Not with an entire posse of female pirates, not on your life!”
“What’s the matter, Finnie? Do we intimidate you?”
“Well, yes, as a matter of fact, you do.”
“We don’t bite, at least not fatally… and not all at once,” Allie giggled.
“What’d ya’ come down for, Bob?” Finnigan quickly asked, changing the subject.
“Yeah, since no one else is manning the ship’s flight controls, I thought I’d let you all know that the Yucatan and Wellington have moved on. We’re in the clear.”
“Thank you, Bob,” Finnigan praised, “Now, if you’ll just go on back to the pilot house so Allie won’t sneeze anymore.”
“Sure thing boss-man,” Bob snidely replied as he turned away toward the rear ladder.
“See, everything’s fine,” Finnie smiled toward Allie as she sneezed twice more. “So, you were saying something about a contact that might buy our products?”
“Yes, and possibly know how to find where they’ve takin your girlfriend.”
Finnie nervously chuckled, “Petra’s not my girlfriend.”
“Well, she’s female and your friend, so that makes her your girlfriend.”
“I thought it would be much more interesting if you and I…”
Allie chuckled as she held her palm outward, “… umm, no… No way. No how, Finnie. I guess you could say, you’re not my type.”
“Not your type?” Finn protested, “What more could you want, than with a specimen such as myself?” Finn waved his arm up and down in front of him.
“Nope, sorry, Finn; I’m just simply not interested.”
“Oh… well, why not?”
Bob returned to Finnie before climbing up the ladder and tugged on Finn’s collar. Pulling him down to his level, he whispered, “She doesn’t like men…”
“Ohhhh, I see…” a nervous laugh escaped. Turning to Allie, “You’re not…”
“Yes… but let’s talk about my contact. Way out at Strilia-J85 in the Trialis system.”
Bob returned to the ladder as he slowly shook his head, chuckling.
“J85 is way out on the fringe, isn’t it?”
“Strilia is reachable with your FTL-7, but my ship only has FTL-5.”
“She’s right, Finnie,” Duncan said, coming over to the two. “No Capital ship can reach us out here at those speeds, but they could catch the Trident.”
“However, our two ships could out-gun them,” Allie offered.
“If we run into any single ship fleets, yes, I would agree.”
“Say,” Duncan asked, “How far can you do that frozen act?”
“Why?” Allie asked, “What’s ya’ got, Duncan?”
“What if you could project that effect and freeze the ship’s engines?”
“I’ve never thought about that. That could work.”
“Then it’s settled,” Finnigan smiled, “Let’s plot us a course to J85.”
“Shouldn’t we test this theory, first?”
“Dunk-man, these cards are enormously powerful. I have all the confidence that Allie can do this.”
“Well, thank you for that, Finnie, but I’d really like to test this.”
“Well, how’s about calling your ship and tellin’ them what to expect?”
“You want me to freeze my engines?”
“Why not?”
“Sure, whatever, Finnie,” Allie scowled before calling her ship, “Erma, do you copy?”
“This is Erma, go ahead,” Allie’s comm link echoed.
“Yeah, we’ve got an idea on how to combat Capital ships. Get ready, it’s gonna get cold over there.”
“Oh, I read ya’, Allie,” Erma answered, “We’ll bundle up.”
“Watch the readings and let me know if this takes our engines offline.”
“We’re ready, Allie.”
“Okay, here goes.”
Allie reached in her belt and withdrew her card, held it up to her eyes and watched the two gears spin. Once the compass needle turned, she blew into the black area on the card.
A wave of cold issued from her card and formed in space, surrounding the Trident.
“We’re icing up over here,” the comm link scratched as static began to build.
“It’s working, Finnie,” Bob shouted down the ladder opening, “The Trident is all iced up.”
Allie’s comm link went silent as the static drowned out any voices before she looked away from her card. The gears slowed. The compass stopped and the ice began melting from the Trident after she tucked her card away.
“I’d say that’s a success, Finn,” Allie nodded.
The comm static faded as Erma’s voice echoed through, “Wow, Sister, that was some showing over here,” the comm continued to crackle.
“What was the result?” Allie asked.
“We were completely disabled. All our systems shut down as the cold grew across our consoles. The engines are offline, alright, so are most of our systems. We’re slowly puttin’ all the pieces together over here.”
“How soon before she’s fully operational?”
“Before we fire up any of the effected systems, we have to mop up all the moisture or we’ll fry systems. I’d say we’re down for a couple more hours.”
“Do you need any assistance?”
“We could use all the help you have, Allie. We might be able to fire up our systems in an hour if y’all came on over.”
“All of us?” Finnigan protested, “I’m not goin’ over there.”
“You still scared, Finn?”
“Mortified… Duncan, you and Brody have mop up duty on the Trident. Be a good test for those new legs, ‘eh, Brode-man?”
“So, you’re gonna stay here with your monkey…”
“I heard that!” Bob shouted from above, “That’s just wrong!”
Finnigan leaned close to Allie, “He gets a little testy at times.”
“I heard that, too!” Bob’s voice echoed.
“Did I mention that Chimps have excellent hearing?”
Bob descended the ladder and returned to Allie, “So, you want to keep disrespecting me? I will bite you!” Bob puffed on his cigar and held his long arms to his hips.
Allie sneezed through her answer, “You won’t need to bite me,” Allie protested, “This is punishment enough.”
“Brody not like mop duty!”
“Well, Brode-man, think of it as expediting our finding paradise, how’s about that?”
Brody’s legs began to whirr as he stood to his feet. Taking two steps, he turned and headed to the slipstep chamber, “See? Brody doing better. Brody now walk… now on mop duty… Brody want to renegotiate pay!”
Duncan padded Brody on the back as he joined him in the teleport chamber, “Finnie never renegotiates. So, let’s just suck it up and get this over with. Besides,” Duncan leaned closer to Brody’s ear, “It’s a whole ship full of women.”
“Brody go to Trident now… Brody help anyway Brody can,” he smiled as Allie joined them within the chamber.
“Okay, Finn. We’ll contact you just as soon as we’re ready.” 
“Good. I’ll start plottin’ our course to the Trialis system.”
Finnigan activated the chamber, sending the three to Allie’s ship.
Bob grew a smile, “Whew, she finally left.”
“What’s the matter with you, Bob?”
“Her stink was sending me over the edge.”
“She didn’t stink.”
“Not to your human nose. But to a Chimp, wow, I just want to go throw up!”
“Oh, come on, Bob, be dramatic, now,” Finnigan chuckled.
“I’m not laughing over here. You can’t convince me that you were even slightly interested in her?”
“Sure, why not?” Finnigan began to nervously fidget, “I mean, if she wasn’t… you know… we’d probably make a really cute couple.”
“Give it up, Finnie, I told you, broad doesn’t like men. End of story… and she stinks…” Bob continued to puff on his cigar.
“I guess you’re right, Bob. C’mon, let’s go up top side and start working on the navigation.”
“Nah, thanks anyway, Finnie, but I think I’ll go check out the engines after I throw up.”
“Oh, be nice, Bob.”
“Oh, you have no idea how nice I am being!”
Bob turned and headed to the main engine room as Finnigan climbed the ladder to the pilot house.


-- GSF Detention-032


Petra found herself, once again, shackled to a desk in an interrogation room. She opened her eyes as wide as possible to study her surroundings as the front entrance slid open.
The station Warden stood just outside the room in a shadow as Petra rose her head and focused on the woman, “I see they don’t provide much in the way of uniforms across the galaxy. Everyone’s so drab-looking in those grey and blacks.”
“You are full of colorful humor, Slayer.”
Petra shook her head in disgust, “How many times do I have to ask you not to call me that? It was a bad rap… a set up… I was framed, I tell ya’!”
“Well regardless of what you’ve done in your past, Slayer, you have been convicted of new charges.”
“New charges? I never even faced a court the first time!”
Ophelia entered the room. She instructed the attendant to keep a watchful eye on them. She then instructed him to seal the door.
Holding a fiber cable, Petra instantly knew what she was in for, “So, you gonna try, huh?”
“I won’t have to try, Slayer. I will break through to your memories. Too bad, you won’t have any that you will remember afterwards.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’m afraid that we don’t have all the sophistication and equipment that a Capital ship has, so I’m resorting to alternate methods of extracting your memories, in spite of any immunity you may have from our probes.”
“What methods?” Petra suddenly grew an uneasy feeling.
“Oh, I’m certain you’ve heard all about Nuclear Hypodermic Infusion.”
“That method was banned, even by the GSF!”
“Well, Slayer, what they don’t know, won’t hurt them… just you.”
“Effie you!”
Ophelia laughed as she clicked one end of the cable to her implant. Reaching over to Petra’s implant, she held the probe up and paused, “Unless you wish to tell me what you know… once I plug this end to your port, the data stream will drain your memories and add them to mine.”
“I can’t remember anything after Captain Sparre’s beatings!”
“Well, I was hoping to spare you from this, but I can see you’re still holding onto your disobedience.”
Petra closed her eyes in anticipation as alarms rang out, interrupting Effie from completing the circuit.
The door to the interrogation room slid opened, sending two guards into the room.
“Sorry to interrupt you, Ma’am, but there’s been an incident at camp nine, planet side.”
Unplugging her cable, she stuffed it inside her coat pocket and glared at her prisoner, “Take her back to her cell!”
“Right away, Warden,” the attendant acknowledged.
“Don’t you worry, Slayer,” Effie smiled, “I shall return to deal with you soon enough. Maybe your memories will be jogged in my absence.”


12


-- SC Sinclair


“Departing Lorix-7,” Lieutenant Patrick Ellis reported. The GSF helm officer guided the Capital ship from the docking position at Detention Orbital Platform-032, spun the heavy ship in a one-eighty degree turn and fired all rear plasma thruster packs. The brilliant ignition of fire carried a space contrail that flowed out from behind the Capital ship as it powered away from the orbital platform.
“Very good, Mister Ellis. Nav: plot us a course to the Trini Trade Lanes.”
“As you command, Commodore,” Lieutenant Bryce Hood answered. “Course is plotted…” Lt. Hood waved his hand, flinging the data packet to the Helm station, “Transmitted to the Helm.”
“Helm: engage new course,” Commodore Strandberg ordered, “Take us to Slipstream.”
“Slipstream drive is online and ready, Commodore,” Engineering officer Lt. Derek Slone reported. “Entering Slipstream… we are accelerating to FTL-5. ETA to full speed: two minutes, sir.”
“Very well, men,” Strandberg nodded before glancing over to the bridge entrance to see his Captain.
“Ah, Captain Sparre,” Strandberg smirked, “So glad you could finally join me on the bridge.”
“Aye, sir. I’m glad to finally rid our ship of that pestilence.”
“What happened to your face, Captain? Those weren’t from our Slayer prisoner, were they?”
“Sir…”
“Before you answer that, Captain, I would hate for you to tell me you had a weak moment. I simply cannot tolerate any officer in the GSF, or my ship, to have any weak moments.”
“No, sir,” Sparre began, “There was no weak moments, sir.”
“Then, please explain to me, how you got so battered up, Captain?”
“I, ahh, I tripped on a coaming, sir and landed on the deck.”
“You should watch those door coamings, Captain.”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.”
“Now,” Strandberg smirked once more, “Would you like to hear the report I received from Effie?”
“Effie, sir?” Sparre gulped, “Her report, sir?”
“Yes, her report was most enlightening, Captain. She thanked you for bringing her to the facility and wanted to assure us, Slayer will receive the best of care during her final days after her procedure.”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir,” Sparre sighed in relief.
“Aren’t you at all worried about that last part, Captain? Effie did say, her last days.”
“I have no emotional attachment to our prisoner, sir. However, I will remind the Commodore, that you knew Sylvina the Slayer.”
“Yes, it is no secret that the Slayer and I were close, years ago. However, I can assure you, I too, do not have any emotional attachments to Slayer. She will die and the galaxy will be rid one more of her kind.”
“Yes, sir! Send the pirates a message that we will not tolerate their actions.”
“Precisely. Pirate attacks have been on the increase. Perhaps her death will cause them to take a step back?”
“I wouldn’t count on that, sir. These pirate types will stop at nothing to inflict damage on the GSF!”
“The Galactic Empire is far too strong for them to cause any significant damage, Captain Sparre. They are small in numbers.”
“Yes, sir, that may be true. However, might I point out that one execution will galvanize neutral outposts in some sectors. That will feed more empire-controlled outposts to join with their ranks.”
“Then we’ll swoop in with a fleet of Capital ships and wipe them out… again!”
“Aye, sir!” Sparre narrowed his brow and grew a wide smile, “Crush them we shall!”
“Now,” Commodore Strandberg turned to his tactical officer, “Miss Spencer, I want you and Lt. Hood to meet up with armory specialists: Sergeants Fulton and Dorsey…take a full inventory.”
The medium-build dark-haired female officer, Lt. Spencer, stood from her tactical station and gave the commodore a salute, “Aye-aye, sir.”
Lt. Hood joined Spencer from his station, “Yes, sir. Nav is locked. Autopilot is set. ETA to the trade lanes is three hours.”
“Helm:” Strandberg ordered, “Maintain course and speed while your nav officer is away. Maddie, bring all inventories directly to me. Understood?”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Spencer acknowledged.
The two officers made their way to the ship’s armory where they met Sergeant Jon Fulton, a tall, lanky, black-haired man.
“The Commodore said you were comin’, let’s get to it, shall we?”
“How many others do we have?” Lt. Hood asked.
“Not many, but wait until we’re inside before someone overhears, will ya’?” Fulton urged, looking down each corridor.
“You’re as cagy as a canary, Fulton, will you just relax?” Lt. Hood insisted.
“Easy for you to say, Lieutenant. You’re on the bridge and can see what’s going on all the time.”
Lieutenants Hood and Spencer followed the motioning sergeant into the room and sealed the door.
“We’re good, now,” Fulton nodded. “So, how many we got on the bridge, anyway?”
“Well,” Lt. Spencer beamed her smile at the sergeant, “We’ve got Bryce here and myself and then where is Dorsey?” Maddie looked around the room.
“Glen’s on his way,” Fulton answered. “But I meant who else on the bridge?”
“The helmsman hasn’t committed, yet…”
“You mean he knows and he’s not with us? Are you crazy?”
“I said to relax, Fulton,” Maddie smiled, “I’ve got Pat all tied up. He’ll join up soon enough.”
“Okay, what about engineering?”
“Slone?” Maddie asked.
“Yeah, I thought Derek would have begged to be included by now.”
“I haven’t been able to talk to him yet,” Lt. Spencer said, “But, we have helm control, too,” Maddie again smiled, “Then it’s just Captain Sparre and the Commodore we have to worry about.”
“You sure Sparre’s not the mystery man?”
“Oh, god no! Sparre’s a puss!” Maddie argued, narrowing her brow, “That man just creeps me out. There’s just no way!”
“And the Commodore doesn’t?” Lt. Hood added.
“He’s pretty creepy too. And I’m certain our mystery informant’s Lt. West.”
“Byron? No, he’s already onboard,” Hood confirmed as he began to pace the room, “He’s already sworn an oath and knows exactly what to do and when.”
“Well, that really only leaves Dorsey, Strandberg or Sparre if Byron is on board.”
“I’d put my money on Dorsey,” Maddie grinned. “I bet I can get him to confess.”
“Maddie,” Fulton argued, “Quit intimidating the ranks, okay?”
“But intimidation is what I do best, Jon,” Maddie chuckled.
“Just askin’ you to ease up on your man attacks, that’s all.”
“What’s the matter, Jon?” Maddie walked in front of the pacing Fulton and grabbed him by his collar, “Don’t you like my intimidation?”
Then she pulled the man to her lips, giving him a sensual kiss before pushing him away in rejection.
Fulton wiped his lips of her sloppy kiss to the back of his sleeve, “Yeah, that’s what I’m talkin’ about… and if you keep doing it, I’m going to HR!”
“Yeah, sure you will. Just like every other time before you said so,” Maddie turned and sat on the corner of the table and swung her leg in the air.
“C’mon, guys,” Hood protested, “can’t we get back to it? There’s not a lot of time left to get this down.”
“Sorry, Bryce,” Maddie snickered, “I get distracted easily.”
The rap on the door startled everyone inside before Sgt. Fulton unlatched the inside bolt and cranked the wheel to open the large armory door.
Peering around the corner was a stalky blonde and blue-eyed Sergeant Dorsey, “Jeez, what took you so long, Dorsey?” Maddie begged.
“I got held up on locker 3-7-4’s count. Some douchebag insisted I do a recount. Wow, did I ever have to scramble.”
“Well, did you get them?” Maddie asked.
Dorsey pulled two detonators from his front pocket, “You mean these little jewels?”
“Jeez, man!” Maddie protested, “You just keep them in a pocket like that?”
“Well, where else would I put them?”
“How about in the drop we discussed at the last meeting?”
“Oh, well, it was too far and there was too much activity in that corridor, so I put them here,” he patted his pocket after he returned the detonators.
“I think it’s brilliant!” Hood smiled.
“Why’s that?” Maddie asked.
“It’s perfect because it doesn’t look like he’s trying to hide them, that’s why.”
“How are you gonna explain two detonators in your front pocket?”
“Easy, Maddie,” Dorsey smugly smiled.
“We’re all ears, here,” Maddie narrowed her brow toward the man.
“I just tell ‘em I’m taking them to Lieutenant Slone on this requisition,” Dorsey smugly pulled out his clear data pad and lit up the screen, showing the transfer orders.
“Very smooth, Dorsey,” Maddie softened her expression, “Very smooth. Why, I could just give you a kiss…”
“Never mind, Maddie,” Hood begged.
“Aw, you’re no fun, Bryce. No fun at all!” Maddie pouted.
“Look,” Sgt. Dorsey began, “It’s all set. Slone’s already placed the explosives on the slipstream drive. I just have to get him these detonators.”
“Just make sure everyone’s on board,” Maddie nodded, “this is mutiny in the first degree.”
“If we get caught,” Lieutenant Hood added, “we’ll all be executed.”
“We’re all in,” Dorsey acknowledged, placing his fist in an inner circle.
“I’m in,” Fulton smiled, adding his fist to the circle.
“I’m tired of the tyrannical rule of the Empire!” Maddie said, before placing her fist in the circle, “I’m all in!”
Hood put his fists in the middle, confirming his allegiance, “Count me in all da’ way!”
“Okay then,” Maggie smiled, lowering her fist from the circle. “As soon as we get to the trade lanes, we go into action. I’ll upload my simulation program into the targeting system. When all the alarms go off, Lieutenant West will isolate all comm channels, simulating our comms are all jammed.”
“That’s when I plot a new course to West for evasive maneuvers.”
“Slone will follow your lead and blow the engines,” Fulton added.
“Once the slipstream is offline, Strandberg will send in the marines to secure the bridge,” Dorsey added.
“That’s when they will be escorted off the bridge and to a protective holding cell.”
“And I seal off the bridge and engineering sections.  Our teams will be in control,” Maggie smiled, “We’ll have the ship under our command.”
“Then I suggest we get those detonators to Slone. We’ll be in the trade lanes in two more hours.”
“I’ll get them to him,” Dorsey smiled, “In fact, I’ll take them to him when you return to the bridge.”
“Are you nuts? You two can’t be seen together!” Hood protested.
“C’mon Bryce,” Dorsey said, “have a little faith in my skills.”
“I trust ya’,” Bryce answered, “it’s the Commodore and his Captain. They’re all suspicious, or have you forgotten?”
“They have no idea what’s about to happen,” Maddie began, “Unless one of them is our mystery man.”
“There is still that,” Hood cautioned.
“We should proceed according to plan. No bailing out at the last minute, now, you hear me?” Maddie said with a stern finger pointing at the group.
“We just gave our pledge, Maddie. Don’t worry, we can do this!” Hood pointed in return.
“And then the neutral outposts will have a Capital ship at their disposal,” Dorsey finished.
“Okay,” Lt. Hood began, “Let’s go. Back to the bridge and somehow get those detonators to Dereck.”
Lieutenants Hood and Spencer followed Sergeant Dorsey out of the armory locker as Fulton sealed the door and returned to his post outside the room.

13


-- The Katana


“Course set to the Trialis system,” Duncan reported, “Engines are online and at full power.”
“Okay, peeps, let’s leave this nebula,” Finnie smiled as he drew his arms in a flourishing manner.
“The Trident is in formation,” Bob reported, sucking on a new cigar, “Captain Allie says they’re at full power and ready to engage engines.”
“Tell her that I hope she’s feeling better and punch it! We’re leaving this nebula!”
“Yeah, that’s just great, Finnie,” Bob smirked through his smoldering cigar.
“Oh?”
“Yeah, you’re gonna make me ask her that?”
“What’s the issue, Bob?”
“Because, I’m the one causing her allergies…”
“Oh, come on now, Bob. Don’t be so hard on yourself…” Finnie smirked as he pushed his throttle control forward to its stops.
Bob snickered as he interrupted, “Oh, no. I’m not being hard on myself at all. I’m just thinking I’ll not get through the question before bursting out in laughter.”
“You sadistic chimp!” Finnie laughed with Bob.
“You’re just figurin’ that out?”
The Katana sped out ahead of the Trident, it’s plasma ion engines streaming a fire trail that the Nebula ignited behind them.
The Trident fired full thrusters and engaged their engines to catch the Katana.
“The Trident is on our three-quarter port, Finnie. They’re holding course and speed with our NAV,” Duncan reported.
Bob unfastened his harness and climbed from his jump seat behind Finnigan, who craned his head around, “Where do you think you’re going, mister?”
Bob stopped to glance up at Finn, “What does it matter to you?”
“Because, I’m your boss,” Finnigan pointed before growing a wide smile.
“Yeah, um, right. I was going to talk to you about that.”
“About what?”
“Slavery is illegal, Finnie,” Bob explained, his fingers took his smoldering stogie, tapped its ashes over the deck before sucking more pungent smoke and releasing it over Finn’s head.
“Wow,” Finnie exclaimed with a wave of his hand. “What’s eating at you?”
“I got to thinkin’ about what Duncan said…”
Finnie sneered at Duncan, “Thank you for that, by the way.”
“Sure thing, Finnie, anything I can do to help,” Duncan snickered.
“So, Bob… what was it you wanted to talk to me about?”
“Yeah, well, Duncan here says he and Petra used to get twenty-percent each. I think I want my twenty now.”
“Oh, now you want a cut?”
“Yeah, I really think Duncan is right. I should get more than bananas and pickled eggs.”
“Why?”
Bob puffed on his cigar, filling the cabin with the smoke, “Well, they get fed. I get fed. You’re fed. Duncan says all that food and drink comes from your operations budget.”
“Yeah, it’s really a good deal for y’all. You still get twenty percent each and free room and board. Yeah, nice deal.”
“Thanks, Finnie,” Bob said, covering his heart with one hand, “That really means a lot to me.”
“What does?”
“We each get twenty-percent,” Bob grew a wide smile, “Isn’t that what he just said, Dunk-man?”
“Rim-shot!” Duncan laughed.
“Hey, now wait a minute,” Finn protested as he extended a finger at Bob, “I never said you got twenty-percent.”
“You did say each of us,” Duncan answered through his laughter, “That’s twenty for Brody, twenty for Bob and twenty for me. That leaves you twenty minus your operational budget for food and drink, that is.”
“Nah, nah, nah, I never agreed to giving Bob twenty-percent. Are you nuts?”
“No, but I wish I had some,” Bob laughed with Duncan.
“That only gives me ten-percent, guys!”
“Like you said, Finnie,” Bob puffed more on his cigar, “It’s a real nice deal for us. Ain’t that what he said, Dunk-man.”
“Sure did. Now, you can split that ten with Petra once she joins back up.”
“No, no, I ain’t agreein’ to this!” Finnigan protested.
“Gosh,” Bob looked over to Duncan, “Did you hear that?” Bob cupped his hand over his left ear and listened, “Might be something goin’ on with our engines. I better go have a looksee.”
“Yeah, you do that, Bob,” Finn ordered.
“Wait, no. I can’t do that.”
“Why not? You forgetting your spanner wrench or something?”
“I’m not getting paid to be your mechanic.”
“He’s got a good point, Finnie,” Duncan smiled.
“You stay outta this, Drunk-man.”
“I am not!”
Finnie reached in a side pouch at his pilot station and held up a banana to Bob, “Look what I have. You want a banana?”
“Don’t be an ass! Of course, I want a banana!”
Finnigan taunted Bob as he waved the fruit in the air.
“Ohh, man, he’s trying to bribe me, Duncan. Whatta I do?” Bob said in a panic.
“Hold your ground, Bob, hold your ground!”
Finnie tossed the banana down the hatch, Bob watching it drop, “Banana…” Bob said, hopping down the ladder after the fruit.
“Ah, Bob,” Duncan frowned, “You gave in. I was so hoping you would stand firm.
Bob climbed the ladder with the pealed banana in his mouth, munching it, “What’d you expect, I’m a chimp.”
“Now,” Finnie smiled, “Go see what that noise was.”
“What noise?”
“You know, the noise that started all this.”
“Oh, that noise. Yeah, well, I never really heard anything. I was just tryin’ to make a point.”
“You’re point will be taken up in advisement, yes.”
“You mean, you’re really going to consider paying me?”
“Maybe.”
“That means yes,” Bob pointed toward Finnigan.
“Not necessarily. If I started paying Bob,” Finn glanced at Duncan, “I would have to renegotiate everyone’s rate or my grocery store will close and you can find your own food and drink.”
“Jeez,” Bob frowned as he finished the banana, “next thing you’ll know, we’ll have to put on space suites and strap down outside.”
“Hey,” Finnie pointed, “That’s not a bad idea, Bob.”
“Now, wait just a minute, Finnie,” Duncan now panicked, “You wouldn’t really make us do that, would ya’?”
Finnigan thought for a moment, almost answering twice, “No, I won’t do that. Not unless we’re at a space dock. You can find lodgings at the station.”
“They charge too much!”
“That’s not my fault, Duncan. After all, it was you that fed that little idea to Bob in the first place.”
“Well, Bob had a valid point too. He feels like a slave.”
“He’s a chimp!”
“My point exactly,” Bob protested.
“Okay, look,” Finnigan started, “I’ll give you all fifteen percent with free room and board.”
“What happens when we get Petra back?”
“If we get her back. We’re certainly going to try, but if not, I’m sure we’ll find more leads on card number one.”
“I think you should give her fifteen-percent like everyone else,” Duncan added.
“You’ve already said too much, Drunk-man. No, fifteen-percent wouldn’t give me enough to gas up and restock. I need fifty percent to do all that!”
“No, you said your operational budge was only ten-percent,” Duncan pointed out.
“When Petra joins us, my expenses go way up.”
“She doesn’t eat or drink that much!”
“Oh, yes she does. Slayer the Scavenger, is what she should be called.”
 “That’s not very nice, Finnie,” Bob chuckled.
“Then why are you laughing?”
“Because Petra’s gonna beat your ass when she hears about this.”
“It’s true!” Finn protested, “I’ve never seen anyone eat as much as her and stay slim!”
“She told me it’s her high metabolism,” Bob roared with laughter.
“By the way, how long is it gonna take us to get to Trialis?”
“Way to change the subject, Finnie,” Duncan added.
Bob held out the empty banana peel to Finn, “Here, this is for sanitation. I don’t do waste management.”
Finn’s instinct made him take the slimy empty banana, “Oh! Hey now! Wait a minute,” Finn passed the peel to Duncan who also reached out to take it, “It’s Duncan’s turn for waste disposal.”
“I think it was Petra’s turn.”
“Well, since she’s not here and Brody’s still on the Trident, you’re up.”
“That’s not fair, Finnie! Not fair at all,” Duncan argued while continuing to hold the slimy peel.
“Well, are you gonna agree to pay me my fair wage?”
“I’ll give you fifteen-percent.”
“Deal!” Bob smiled, “Okay, I’ll go down and inspect what that noise was.”
“Hey, wait a minute, Bob.”
Bob returned his stogie to his lips before climbing down the ladder to the lower decks, “I lied about that too. There really was a noise down there.”
“Yeah, real good one, Bob,” Duncan laughed, still holding the peel with finger and thumb.
Bob descended the ladder, glancing over to Duncan, “No, really. There was a loud noise.”
“Well, you can go have a looksee,” Finnie nodded as he studied his flight controls, “But I didn’t hear anything.”
“Right,” Bob answered, “That’s because you’re human. Chimps have better hearing, remember?” Bob paused before continuing down the ladder. “Matter of fact, there are several attributes that Chimps excel over humans.”
 “By the way, Bob,” Finnie began.
“Yeah, I’m listening… oh yeah, better memories, too.”
“Not funny, Bob.”
“I’m going down to the engineering room below, but go ahead. I can still hear you.”
“Right. Yeah, that cybernetic implant I got you is gonna cost you fifteen-percent…”
“What’s that’s Finnie?” Bob snapped, “I can’t hear you…”
“I thought Chimps had excellent hearing?”
The internal comm link crackled before Bob’s voice cut in, “Yeah, well, even I have limits.”
“I said, it’s gonna--”
Bob interrupted Finnigan, “Sorry, Finnie, but we have a little situation down here.”
“What’s the matter, Bob?” Finn chuckled and looked over to Duncan, “He thinks he can con me outta that percentage, you wait and see.”
“No, Finnie,” Duncan grew a worried look, “I think we better come to a full stop… like right now!”
“Are you crazy? We’re right in the middle of these trade lanes. Can’t we wait another hour until we’re clear?”
“Duncan is seeing the issue on his console, but I can see the issue. We’ll have to take our chances, but if we don’t stop, the Katana will suffer a catastrophic coolant failure!”
Finnie grabbed his flight controls and began powering back on the throttle, “Duncan, get word to the Trident we’re stopping…” Finn turned his attention to the internal comm link, “Talk to me, Bob!”
“We ruptured a liquid nitrogen coupler. The slipstream drive train is super-heating and is gonna warp if we don’t get this fixed!”
“I’m stopping, I’m stopping, already!”
“The Trident says they’ll keep a slight distance so we’ll be less likely to get picked up by any Capital ships.”
“Good,” Finnigan exclaimed, “That’ll also get us eyes out there lookin’ for them thar Capital ships.”


14


-- Trini Trade Lanes


“… and… we’re all full stop,” Finnigan said.
“Hey,” Bob demanded over his comm link, “I need some help down here! Someone has to go outside and tighten the coupler! There’s only one place you can reach it; through the ram cowling!”
Duncan raised his eyebrows, “Send the monkey! I don’t think I’m small enough.”
“Suit up, Bob… Duncan’s right; you’re the only one that can fit inside.”
“Okay, okay,” Bob relented, “I see your point. I need help getting into my suit so hurry it on up! There’s not much time left!”
Duncan came out of his seat and headed down the ladder, “Allie says we’re clear for now.”
“Good,” Finn nodded as he studied his console, “I’m having a bit of a time turning on those special stealth shields.”
“I think Keegan ripped you off, Finnie,” Duncan said as he descended the ladder.
“I’m thinkin’ you’re right, there, Duncan. Now go hurry up and get this monkey-business finished.”
“I heard that!” Bob’s voice carried from below decks.
Duncan slid down the ladder, stopping suddenly at the bottom where he saw Bob donning his space-suit.
Grabbing a helmet from the nearby locker, Duncan returned to Bob and helped him zip up the suit.
Sliding the space-helmet over Bob’s head, he smiled from inside the suit. Duncan plucked the cigar from his lips and reached for his aviator glasses.
Bob swiped at Duncan’s reaching hand, “Na-uh, the shades stay on!”
“Okay, whatever you say, Bob,” Duncan nodded before closing the glass front and sealed him up.
Finnigan pressed a few commands on his console, “Hey, Bob, do you read me in there, little buddy?”
Finn’s radio crackled static as Bob’s voice cut through, “Yeah, yeah, I read ya’!”
“’Kay, Bob. Duncan will help you to the airlock. Make sure you’re tethered properly, now.”
“No Shi—” Bob’s radio cut out, “—Sherlock! What a dumbass thing to say. Of course, I’m gonna be tethered properly… right Duncan?” Bob looked over to Duncan through his helmet.
“Ah, Bob,” Duncan smiled, “You’re not afraid, now are ya’?”
“Who, me? Na, not afraid at all…”
“That’s nice to hear Bob…”
“… I’m terrified!” Bob continued, “I swear, if I die out there, my spirit will forever haunt you!”
Duncan snickered as he escorted Bob to the airlock.
“I’m not kidding, Duncan. Why just imagine…”
The inner airlock door slid open for Bob.
“… eternal butt bites, from yours truly,” Bob nervously said.
Bob took his tether and hooked it to the inside bar and faced the outer airlock. Duncan pressed the command to seal the inner door and evacuated the air-pressure.
Bob watched the pressure gage move as the air evacuated and the outer door slid opened.
“Okay, Finnie,” Bob let out a sigh, “Here we go…”
“… no, here you go… good luck, Bob.”
“Yeah, thanks an’ all.”
“You’re doing fine, Bob,” Duncan reported as he watched Bob hook his seconded tether to the hull of the ship and then floated out of the airlock.
“Easy for you to say, Dunk-man,” Bob complained.
Bob stood on the hull of the ship; his magnetic boots clung for dear life as he began clomping one foot after the other, nearing the port engine ram scoop.
 “Yeah, Finnie,” Bob began, “I have to crawl inside the cowling and tighten the connection.”
Bob ducked low and slid inside the cowling and crawled his way inside to the connector when Finnigan’s radio crackled from the Trident, “Ahh, Finnie,” Brody’s voice boomed, “I scan sector. There is Capital ship just entered range.”
“Oh good, Brody,” Finnie complained, “Just swell.”
“Brody got more bad news.”
“What could be possibly worse than a Capital ship coming into range with our engines offline?”
“Brody scans CS Sinclair!”
“The sincla… oh, for cryin’ out loud! Okay, that is bad!”
“Brody told you so.”
“How far out and how much time we got?”
“We are ten minutes from your position. Sinclair is thirty minutes from us.”
“Hey, Bob,” Finnigan said over their internal comm link, “How much time you need?”
“What’s the rush, Finnie?”
“We’ve got company in bound… forty-minutes!”
“It’s gonna take me at least thirty. It’s not very big inside here, even for a chimp!”
“Okay, Bob, do the best you can, but we have to get our systems online in time to power up at least our defenses.”
“We’re sittin’ ducks out here, Finnie, “Duncan added.
“How much liquid nitrogen did we lose?”
“You mean, how much are we losing?” Bob corrected, “Cause I’m still turning the coupler and it’s still venting.”
“Well, isn’t there a shut-off valve?”
“The internal valves are all off. This leak is before the valves, Finnie,” Bob explained, “Pretty much a bad ship design, I’d say.”
“Apparently,” Finnigan protested, “are we going to have enough left in the cooling system to pressurize?”
“That’s going to be the question of the day, Finnie,” Bob said as he continued turning the coupler a quarter turn with each pass. “I think we’ll have enough to run them a short time, but that’s it.”
“Brody,” Finnigan called over the comm link, “Have Allie bring her ship in formation. We’ll fare better two against one.”
“Da, you got dat right, Finnie,” Brody affirmed. “Allie says she sending Trident in. Ten minutes out.”
“Bob,” Finn said, changing channels on his comm, “How ya’ comin’ over there?”
“What kind of question is that? You just asked me that a minute ago!”
“Well, I was hopin’ you had made progress…”
“You’re an ass, Finnie,” Bob complained, “I’m small, but not that small. I’m still only getting quarter turns. It’s slow… I’m doing the best I can…”
“Saw-rry!”
“You’re gonna be the sorry one if you don’t let me concentrate on my task, here”!


-- CS Sinclair


Commodore Strandberg stood behind his helm. One leg propped up on the console’s corner. He leaned over Lieutenant Ellis, “Report!”
“Sir, Lieutenant Spencer has picked up a pirate ship on long range scans.”
“A pirate ship!?” Strandberg smiled, “What luck! Plot us an intercept course. Flank speed! Let’s go have us some fun, shall we?”
“Aye, sir,” Ellis acknowledged, “changing course and increasing to full speed. They changed course and are heading away.”
“Easy now,” Strandberg suggested, “They might be leading us into a snare. Tactical: increase our gain on long range scans. Try to see if there are any more ships out here.”
“Aye, sir,” Maddie acknowledged before exchanging glances between Ellis and Slone.
Lieutenant Slone took his cue and began manipulating his console, “Sir, we’re being jammed.”
Maddie again looked over to Slone giving him a worried look.
“Jammed?” Captain Sparre asked.
“Yes, sir, that pirate ship is jamming us, sir.”
Maddie nervously shook her head at the ship’s engineer before standing and heading over to his station.
Leaning closer to Slone’s ear, Maddie whispered, “It’s not me… I never launched the simulation yet… What’s the issue with our comms, Lieutenant?”
“You mean this is a real pirate ship?” Slone whispered back before raising his voice, “Right, my mistake, sirs, we have our comms back now. Thanks, Maddie.”
“Anytime, Lieutenant,” Maddie answered as she returned to her tactical station.
“How soon before we intercept this pirate filth and can blow them out of this galaxy?”
“We’re closing fast, sir. Two minutes. They’re slowing,” Lieutenant Ellis reported.
Maddie studied her console, “I’m detecting another ship, coming into range.”
“Ah-ha!” Strandberg exclaimed, “They are trying to ambush us! Prepare all weapons and target those ships! Fire on my mark!”
“Sir, they’ve formed up with that other ship. You’ll never guess who we have, sir,” Maddie smiled.
“Don’t hold back your report, Maddie!”
“No sir,” Maddie continued, “It’s the Katana and we also have the Trident.”
“Wonderful news!” Strandberg again smiled wide, “The Katana is the ship seen leaving Outpost Sultanna, isn’t it?”
“Yes, sir,” Maddie reported, “The Captain of the Katana is wanted by the GFS officer Kippinger! His report is, Captain Finnigan is armed and extremely dangerous.”
“Can you confirm we have thee Sean Finnigan on that ship?” Captain Sparre ordered.
“Yes, sir. The transponder code was identified as belonging to Keegan Knox at Outpost Shakaro in the Zerotha system. The Katana is stolen, sir.”
“Figures, low life palifatraders!” Strandberg scowled, slowly shaking his head.
Maddie stood from her console and headed over to the navigation console, “Lieutenant Hood, plot our course here,” she leaned over his shoulder and pointed on his screen before whispering, “It’s now or never.”
Lieutenant Hood nodded his understanding, “Plotting our new course, Maddie knows of a weakness to the space cruiser class ships.”
“Excellent!” Strandberg said with folded arms.
“We’re coming in range now, sir,” Hood reported as he shot a message to Slone.
Slone’s eyebrows rose as he exchanged his understanding with Lieutenant Hood. After pressing a command on his console, the ship listed to one side as several alarms rang out.
A panicked look grew across Lieutenant Ellis’ face, “Port engines are down! Taking evasive action!”
“We’re under attack!” Maddie shouted.
The Commodore glanced between his screen and Maddie, “No were not! What’s the matter with you?”
“Action Stations!” Captain Sparre barked. Clear the bridge! Commodore, go with the Sergeant of the Guard to your bunker!”
A group of marines charged in with full gear and weapons loaded and ready, “Come with us, sir.”
Commodore Strandberg reluctantly followed the marines off the bridge, “Captain Sparre, you have the con!”
With Strandberg off the bridge, several marines stood guard at each entrance after sealing the doors.
Maddie looked over to Captain Sparre, “You better go with the Commodore, sir. I can take command during this crisis!”
“Nice try, Maddie, but you’ll not get rid of me that easy. I know what you’re up to.”
Maddie gulped before answering, “… and what would that be, sir?”
“You just detonated C4 on our port engine. Wasn’t that the plan all along, Lieutenant?”
“Plan, sir?” Maddie returned a puzzled look.
“Oh, come now, Lieutenant. You, Hood, Ellis and Slone are all in on it.”
Maddie glanced to one of the marines, “Please escort the Captain to where the Commodore is being held!”
The obedient marine stepped in front of Captain Sparre, “Come with me, sir.”
Another marine stepped behind Sparre and removed his side arm, “I’ll take this, sir. Please, sir. Don’t make this any harder than it has to be.”
Sparre submissively held his hands in the air as the two marines escorted the Captain off the bridge. Another marine joined the two as the last one sealed the door.
“Good, don’t let anyone else in,” Maddie ordered, “Okay, I’ve takin command. Full stop, Mister Ellis. Lieutenant West, either you’re with us, or you’re not, makes no difference to me.”
“I’m with ya’, Captain…” Lieutenant West smiled.
 Open a scrambled channel to the Katana!”
“Channel is open…” Lieutenant West nodded as he fiddled with his controls, “… This is Captured Capital Ship, Sinclair. Captain Sean Finnigan of the Katana: hold your fire… I have our new Captain, Madeline Spencer… please respond...”
The comm link only crackled static for a few seconds before Finnigan’s voice broke through, “We have you out numbered, two to one! Stand down all weapons and surrender!”
“We already did,” Maddie snickered, “Were you even listening, Finn?”
“Do I know you?” Finnigan answered over the comm.
“Very funny, Sean. Yeah, I know ya’.”
Finnigan stroked his chin on the other end of the comm link, “From where?”
“You don’t remember Maddie?”
“Ohhh, Maddie, yeah, sure I remember you now. Oh, but I thought you joined up with the GSF.”
“I did, Finn. But I tire of all the politics. So, I decided to mutiny and take control of this Capital ship. She’ll do nicely in supporting our Outposts.”
“See?” Finn smiled, “You did surrender. My record is still spotless.”
“No, I took control, Finnie. I was already taking this ship, so no. You have one stain.”
“Wow, just wow. So good to hear from ol’ Madeline,” Finn turned to Duncan, now seated next to him on the bridge.
“Bob’s coming through the air lock now. He’s got it done.”
“Did you forget to help him with his helmet?”
“No, no, I didn’t forget nothin’,” Duncan chuckled.
“You’re bad!”
“I know, I know,” Duncan laughed, “So, are you going to believe them?”
“Well, Allie reported that there was an explosion on their port engines and it wasn’t from us, so, yeah, I suppose I will.”
Bob climbed the ladder to the pilot house and took his seat. His helmet visor open and his blue aviator shades still covering his eyes, he glared over to Duncan.
“Oh, hey,” Duncan continued chuckling, “let me help you with that.
Duncan reached over and gave the helmet a twist before lifting it off his head. Bob’s lips pooched out as he continued glaring at Duncan.
“Oh, sorry, Bob,” Duncan reached for the smoldering stub and plucked it from his lips before placing it to Bob’s.
Taking a deep breath in, Bob held the smoke in before blowing his plume out and making a few hooting sounds.
“Is that a monkey I hear over there,” Maddie asked over the comm link.
“Gawd, I don’t think anyone really cares that I’m a Chimpanzee!”
“Yeah,” Finnigan added, “That’s Bob, my mechanic. He hates being called a monkey, so, just call him, Bob. Might be a good idea.”
“Great, we have a cybernetically implanted Chimp over there,” Maddie grimaced. “Those are very illegal.”
“No kidding,” Finnigan smugly answered. “So is mutiny.”
“Well, mutiny is a little worse than Chimpanzee contraband.”
“No, not really…” Bob argued.
“Oh, your Chimp has an opinion? How is having that illegal implant worse than mutiny,” Maddie complained, “The punishment is execution, if caught.”
“Well, if caught, I face certain death, too,” Bob countered.
“He does have a point, Maddie,” Finnigan added.
“Okay, okay, then, it’s just as bad… if caught.”
“Right, if caught,” Bob again added.
“So, you really have the Commodore’s ship under your control?”
“Yes, Finn, it wasn’t that hard. Nearly every crewmember is in support.”
“Good, good. Say, you wouldn’t mind me stepping on over to question the Commodore, would you?”
“What’s your stake in it,” Maddie asked.
“Oh, well, I just want to know where my missing crewmember is.”
“I thought Slayer was involved in this somehow.”
“Oh, she doesn’t really like that title. Maybe just call her Petra.”
“She put up quite a fight.”
“Do you happen do know if she’s still on board?”
“Nope, not here anymore.”
“You mind tellin’ me where we can find her?”
“Sure, but won’t that just be a spoiler for when you come a talkin’ to the Commodore?”
“Na, I’ll play like I don’t know.”
“Well, I was gonna let you question Strandberg anyway.”
“Okay, I’m listening.”
“We took her to Llorix-7.”
“You took her to the Rock?”
“Yep, the one and only: Detention-032.”
“I’ll be over in a moment. My associate, Brody, will hold the tiller.”
“Brody is with you?”
“Yes. Well, no, but he is on the Trident. Duncan, get word to Brody to slipstep on over.”
“I’m on it, Finnie.”


15


-- Llorix-7


Ophelia removed the cord from Petra’s implant and sat back, “Well, I must say, Slayer, your resolve is much stronger than I originally gave you credit for.”
“Breaking my engrams… seeing no memories… la-laa-laaa-la, sha-naa-naaa-nah.”
“You can stop with your cray-cray attitude, Slayer.”
“Slayer name, is not for me… rap… bad… rap,” Petra mumbled.
“Well, no matter. A few days planet-side will drain any last hope of holding out on me.”
“No, you get memories never.”
“I truly am sorry for your word-salad. That is an unfortunate side effect. However, that should pass… eventually.”
“My memories… can… never… be catapulted…” Petra squeezed her eyes closed and concentrated, “Captured… never recovered… for you… no… not ever… taken…”
“Such pathetic gibberish,” Ophelia sat back before pressing her comm link on her sleeve, “Open the door and let’s escort Slayer to the slipstep chamber. She’s going to start her three-day tour at mining camp four.”
 “Yes, Warden Wilkins,” an obedient voice answered.
The cell door slid open and three well armored guards entered the room. Ophelia stood and pulled her chair back, giving the guards access to Petra’s restraints.
Carefully, one guard placed a new set of restraints around her wrists. Petra lazily gazed up at the man and smiled, “Get you some… me… help for you?”
“Pay no attention to it,” Effie ordered, “Now the neck brace…”
Another guard stood behind Petra and clicked a neck collar in place as the third guard attached the bar to the center of the wrist braces and neck collar.
Then the first guard released her from the table restraints and helped her to her feet.
Petra groggily stood, her knees nearly collapsing twice before she steadied herself.
“Okay, attach the rear pole, now.”
The third guard nodded his understanding and took his second pole and clicked it to the back of her collar and gave her a quick shove forward, “Let’s move it!”
Petra fell to one knee before the two side guards lifted her back up and was shoved, once again, this time she took several steps forward and exited the small room.
She let the rear-guard guide her down the corridor toward the security slipstep chamber. Tensing up, she pulled backwards, pushing the rear-guard to the floor as she turned, swiping her metal cuffs and arm brace at the left guard.
Her efforts were quickly thwarted with two powerful electrical discharges from her attached collar, sending her to both her knees in defeat.
“Get up, Slayer,” Ophelia ordered. 
Depressing a button on her sleeve sent another powerful jolt causing Petra to growl her displeasure before returning to her feet, “You… slay… you… one day… I will… slay you!”
“See?” Ophelia smiled, “Your words are returning to normal, already… keep her moving to the chamber!”
The obedient guards, man-handled Peta down the corridor with her restrains, shock-collar and neck pole guiding her to the chamber platform.
Effie stood outside of the chamber as the glass slid around and sealed the four within. The glow of the slipstep illuminated them. As the field moved outward, they found themselves sent to the planet-side slipstep chamber where they were met with the facilities ranking officer in charge.
“So,” the man said, holding a whip with one hand and his other deep in his trousers pocket, “This is the infamous Sylvina the Slayer, ‘eh?”
The officer stood closer to Petra’s face and sneered at her, “You will answer me when you are spoken to!”
“Slayer… name is not my… bad rap… call me that, don’t.”
“Ah, I see Effie has introduced you to our memory extraction techniques.”
“Not any… she memories, did not get…”
“Well, no worries. In another hour or so, you should be up to speaking normally. For now,” the man said pacing back and forth in front of Petra, “know that I am in charge of all ground operations. Colonel Donovan Clay is my name. That is a name you shall soon wish to forget, I’m certain.”
Lieutenants Shelton and Gibbs chortled as they stood behind their commanding officer.
“You be nice, Ms. Slayer,” Gibbs said, “And you’ll be treated right.”
“If she’s good,” Shelton added, “right, real nice treatment.”
The two broke into uncontrollable laughter before Colonel Clay broke them up, “Alright, that’s enough! Knock it off, or you’ll find yourselves on the same end of that ‘real nice treatment.’”
“Yes, sir! Sorry, Colonel,” Gibbs soberly answered.
“We’re just havin’ some fun, Colonel,” Shelton added.
“You two will show Slayer to her cell where she will remain for the eight-hour equalization process to complete.”
“Right away, Colonel,” Shelton pointed to one Sergeant, “Mcleod, take her rear security pole. Gibbs and I will take the two side ones.”
Sergeant Grover Mcleod stepped over to Petra and took the rear pole as the two lieutenants took theirs.
“Come on, Slayer!” Gibbs ordered, “This way!”
The three shoved Petra from the slipstep chamber and out into the general population where fifty men rested before being sent out into the mining tunnels and the extreme elements of the planet.
   Dozens of cat calls, whistles and manly vibrato flooded the compound as they made their way to her cell block. 
“Knock it off, everyone!” Lieutenant Gibbs ordered, “Or we’ll activate your collars! Is that what you want?”
The whistles and clapping diminished down to low rumblings of displeasure and knowing better to comply.
One prisoner, clammy looking fellow, wearing the prison grey jumpsuit lazily reclined on his bed within his open cell, “Hey, Petra,” the man smiled toward her as a guard within the compound rushed over to his open cell.
The guard sneered at the pale-looking man, “Sorry,” the man explained, “It’s been quite some time since I’ve seen Petra.” The man called out to her once more, “Remember me, Petra, ‘eh there, sweetie?” 
Then the man blew her a kiss from his cell, causing the guard to press the collar actuator. The entire compound groaned with pain as the one guard administered the searing electrical current down each of their bodies. 
Releasing the button on the actuator silenced most of the screams. Even Petra’s collar ignited, sending the pain across her body and making her fall to her knees.
Petra winced with pain but endured the treatment as she turned and gazed at the man who would dare defy these guards. Her eyes lit up with a glimmer of hope seeing someone she knew, “Thor! How the hell are ya’?”
“How do you think I am? Same place as you, sweetie…”
The guard depressed his punishment button and sent another five second wave of electrical current through each prisoner, “Enough! You will not address each other in the courtyard! You know the rules, Thorne! You want your fellow cellies to come take you out on some lonely night for this?”
“Na, they won’t, because they love me. ‘Sides, plenty have done worse.”
“Not by much!” Petra shouted once more and then wincing with pain from the shared shock collar.
“Gee, thanks, Petra,” Thor shouted before holding his hands up as the guard reached for his pain button, “We’re done, we’re done…”
“You better be,” the guard sternly looked down on him.
Exiting Thor’s cell, the guard continued walking down the line. He tapped his Billie Club on each bar as he passed by, gaining the attention of each inmate.
“Come on, now, Slayer,” Gibbs gruffly ordered. One yank with his pole brought Petra back to her feet before Mcleod shoved her from behind. “Let’s get you to your cell.”
They guided Petra through the courtyard and then abruptly across to one empty cell. Shoving her to her knees, Gibbs and Shelton removed their side poles before Mcleod unclipped his rear stick.
The three left the cell. Gibbs gave a wave to the door controller and watched the cell slide and lock.
“So, I have to have a closed door?” Petra complained, “Why does everyone else get theirs open?”
“You’re under an eight-hour rest period. I would suggest you sleep, because tomorrow, your door will remain open… like everyone else,” Gibbs laughed.
“Great,” Petra mumbled. 
Echoes sounded as each power breaker snapped off, darkening the lights in the courtyard. 
As each section darkened, Lieutenant Shelton shouted, “Okay! Show’s over! Everyone back to your cells. You will begin your eight-hour rest period.”
The guards continued patrolling as they walked down each line and back up, giving the inmates time to converse while they were at the opposite end of the cell block.
A skinny and dirty man stood quietly to Petra’s closed cell. His shirt ripped and tattered and trousers sported several holes displaying the man’s labors in the mines.
“So, you be the Slayer, ‘eh?”
Petra turned to face the man at the edge of her cell, “Yeah, what of it, mister?”
“Oh, you don’ have ta’ worry about little ol’ me, missy,” the man whispered.
“I prefer Petra and I’m positive I don’t have to worry about the likes of you,” she whispered in return.
“But you should be a lookin’ out fer Thor,” the man smiled, showing off the three remaining teeth in his head.
“Thor’s a pussy cat. He ain’t no one I am concerned with.”
“I would be, missy Petra,” the man giggled, then stopped before quickly returned to his cell as the guard turned to walk back their way.
Petra turned her back to the bars and began breathing heavy as the guard strolled by. Stopping, the guard shone his light in and all-around Petra’s cell. Once satisfied she was sleeping, he continued strolling to the far end.
The straggly man stepped over to Petra’s cell, once the guard was far enough away, “I’m just tryin’ to warn ya, missy Petra.”
Petra turned once more to face the man, “Is there a point to this? If so, just get to it! From the sounds of it, I’m gonna need every bit of this eight-hour acclimation period.”
“Yes, missy Petra, you will indeed. You will indeed…”
“Then why are you continuing to bother me?”
“Thor… you better not turn your back to him. He’ll take ya’ out.”
“Are we on this again?”
The guard reached the far end of the cell block, turned and began walking back their way.
“I already told you, I’m not worried about Thor!” Petra insisted, as sternly, yet, as quietly as she could.
“He told me so! He said, if he ever ran into the Slayer, he’ll see to it she’s killed!” Then the man quickly withdrew to his bunk.
Petra turned again and breathed heavy once more as the guard approached. Stopping, the guard lit up Petra’s cell. This time, she turned to face the guard, shielding the light from her eyes, “You have a problem?”
The guard continued to point the light beam at Petra’s eyes, “Keep it down!”
“Oh, I’m keeping it down, alright!”
“It don’t sound like it to me!”
“Well, why don’t you just open the door and we can discuss this in here?”
“Don’t tempt me, Slayer!”
“C’mon… what are you afraid of?”
“I ain’t afraid of the likes of you, Slayer!”
“Chicken? Balk, balk,” Petra placed her thumbs under her armpits and waved her elbows.
“No! I’m sure you’d like nothing better than for me to open this cell door when I’m alone.”
“Balk, balk, balk.”
“No! Not tonight, Slayer. Now shut the hell up before I send you, and everyone in this cell block, a nice reminder of my punishment skillset!”
“I’ll double dog dare ya’!”
“Double dog dare, Slayer? Really?”
“Sure, why not?” Petra smiled.
“Perhaps when you are least expecting it, ‘eh?” the guard smiled his reply.
“Oh, you’re just no fun! No fun at all!”
“Shut it, Petra!” the guard reached for his pain button.
Petra giggled as she pointed, “Ah-HA! I caught ya’! You used my real name!”
“I did no such thing, Slayer!”
The grimy man in the next cell returned to the edge of his cell, “’Fraid ya’ did, Jack, my man.”
The guard depressed his pain button sending everyone to their knees writhing in pain for several seconds.
“I said, I did not! Now, shut the hell up, already!”
Petra smirked at the guard as the beam of brightness continued to flood her cell before she laid back down and turned away from the guard.
The light went out and the guard continued his patrolling, “I don’t want to hear any more noise from any of yous!”
Petra quietly came to the edge of her cell leaned her cheek as close as she could, “Thanks,” Petra whispered as the guard left her earshot, “I appreciate you stickin’ up for me.”
“Sure thing, missy Petra,” the man whispered.
“Now, just keep quiet so I can sleep. Okay?”
“G’night, missy Petra,” the man softly whispered.



16


-- SC Sinclair


Finnigan stepped out of the slipstep chamber and was greeted by the new Captain of the Capital ship.
Extending his hand, Maddie grasped and gave him a firm grip before seeing his hairy companion, “Good ta’ see ya’ again, Madeline,” pointing with thumb, “This is Bob.”
“Hellooo, hoo-hoooo-hooo,” Bob hooted.
“You have a problem, Bob?” Finn asked.
“Na, it’s fine, Finnie- hooo-hooo-hooo.”
“You sure, now, Bob?”
“Didn’t I just tell ya’, it’s fine!?” Bob protested before hooting twice more.
“Testy chimp, Finnie?” Maddie snickered. “So, why did you bring him along, anyway?”
“He’s got a CYBERS that can read our prisoners.”
“My prisoners, Finn,” Maddie snapped.
“Fine, fine, your prisoners. I just want to know the layout of the detention center so we can swoop in and free Petra.”
“Swoop in?” Maddie balked, “Those bases are heavily guarded, Finn. I don’t think your ship, or even a fleet of ships, could breach their perimeter defenses.”
“Sure we could, Madeline.”
“How’s that?”
“Since the Trident is on their way to the Trialis system, it’s just the Katana… and the Sinclair,” Finn finished under his breath.
“Wait, what?”
“How big are your landing bays on these Capital ships?”
“I don’t know,” Maddie shrugged, “Big enough?”
“Big enough to dock up in your landing bay and you pilot us to Llorix-7?”
“The hold isn’t that big!”
“Well, we can ride piggy-back. They won’t detect another ship attached to your belly, right?”
“Not unless someone flies close enough,” Maddie answered, a grin broke at the corners of her mouth.
“Then what?”
“What,” Bob interrupted, “Didn’t think interrogation was on the docket today!”
“Hey, it’s kind of important to know what the hell to expect. What’s our reason for returning to the detention center? How’re you going to break her out and get away? You know, minor questions, Bob!” 
“Well you don’t have to cop an attitude,” Bob spat and then hooted.
“Well, at least I’m showing you enough respect to call you a Chimp.”
“She’s got a point, there, Bob.”
“Hooo-hooo-hooo, shut up, Finn,” Bob argued.
“No, I think you should!” Maddie protested.
Bob stuck out his tongue and spat his reply before flying his middle finger.
“That’s enough, Bob,” Finnigan scolded. “After we are passed the first line of defenses,” Finn assured, “we’ll release and move off to a quiet asteroid. Then we’ll swoop in and swoop out. We’ll be well on our way to meet up with Allie before they even know what happened. And with FTL-7, no Capital ships could catch us.”
“Here we go with the swooping again. How are you gonna set that space cruiser down, get a team through the defense screens, find her and bring her back with ya’!”
“I have my ways…”
“What ways!?”
“Look, lady,” Bob interjected, “He’s not gonna tell you he’s got a card… whoops…” Bob hooted three more times. 
“You?” Maddie exclaimed. “You do have a card!”
“Way ta’ go, Bob!”
“Sorry Finnie, but she was gonna find out, anyway.”
“Well, maybe so, but not yet, anyway!”
“What card did you find and how did you get it?” Maddie begged.
“I have number five, okay? Teleporter!”
“My, my, that’s such a good one, too! You never answered me on how you came across it?”
“Na, I don’t wanna tell ya’ that.”
“Oh, c-mon, Finn… tell little ol’ Maddie,” she swaggered closer to Finnie before grabbing him by his lapels.
Drawing him closer to her lips, she licked them seductively before asking again, “Please? Tell me, Finnie.”
“No…” Finnie said, pulling backward from Maddie’s lips.
Maddie leaned in and locked her lips to his and kissed him, causing Finn to melt slightly before pushing her away, “No… no, sorry, Madeline… nice kiss, though,” Finnigan wiped her slobber from his lips as he yanked from her grip.
“You’re just no fun, Finnie!”
“Oh, he’s plenty fun, let me tell you!” Bob snickered before hooting again.
“Don’t you want me, Finn?”
“No, I mean, yes,” Finnie stammered, “but, no, I mean, no, I ain’t gonna tell ya’!” Finnie stepped away from Maddie as she attempted to follow close behind.
“Okay, okay!” Finnigan answered. 
Turning, he held her with hands on her shoulders and with his arms fully extended, he kept Maddie’s lips at bay, “I’ll tell ya’!”
Maddie relaxed under Finnie’s hold and grew a wide smile, “You will?”
“Sure… I will tell ya’.”
Maddie held her smile, waiting…
“Just not yet…”
Maddie fought against his arms in an attempt to sway him once again and then gave up and stepped away.
“That’s just not fair, Finn!” Maddie said, growing a frown.
“It’s a pretty long story and we kind of need to rescue Petra. Remember?”
“Okay, okay,” Maddie relented, “I still think it’s damn cool…” Maddie raised a stern finger in Finnie’s face, “But, you better tell me after Petra’s freed!”
“Sure, thing, missy. Now take us to our…”
“… MY…”
“… your, prisoners.”
“Which one you want to punish, err, I mean, interview first?” Maddie laughed, as she led them from the slipstep room.
“Which one did the most to Petra?”
“Ah, Finn,” Bob hooted, “You really do have feelings for Petra, don’t ya’?”
Finn shot a glare toward Bob, “No, no I don’t!”
“Seems like it to me,” Maddie added.
“Maybe that’s why he resisted you so much, ‘eh, Madeline?” Bob snickered.
“Must be!” Maddie laughed, “Because, quite frankly, I can’t think of any other reason,” she smirked.
Finnie remained quiet and walked with Bob and Maddie with furrowed brow.
After several uncomfortable moments, they arrived at the ship’s cell block.
Maddie punched in the door code causing it to promptly slide open. They looked on inside the cell at an angry looking man held to a table with shackles and sat on a metal chair.
Finnie glanced between Maddie and the man within, “So… you and Petra? You had some one on one time, did ya’?”
The angered man looked up at Finn and spat, “Pirate scum!”
His thick ropy spit landed on Finn’s white shirt who then proceeded to swipe it off with his index finger and quickly flicked it back to the shackled man, landing on his cheek, “I believe that was yours… disgusting GSF!”
“You haven’t been properly introduced,” Maddie began, “This is Captain Tobias Sparre. He is the one that ‘interviewed’ Petra the most.”
Bob rubbed his hands together and smiled as he snapped his jaw, “Ooooo, Finnie, can I bite the man? I wanna bite the man… gimmie the man… gimmie the man!”
Finnie held Bob back as he grabbed his shoulder, “Not yet, Bob, not yet.”
Bob glanced between Finnie and Captain Sparre, “That means I do get the man,” Bob hooted his enthusiasm.
Maddie gave Finnie the cable connector and stepped out of the room, “I’ll leave you three alone, m’kay?”
“Good, yeah, leave us alone with him… so I can bite the man!” Bob said, lunging forward, but being held back by Finn.
“Now, Bob, let’s get the info first, then you can bite his ass.”
“Okay, okay,” Bob relented.
Finnie turned Bob’s head to the side and brushed the lock of hair covering his receptacle. Taking one end, he clicked it into place and then turned to Captain Sparre and held the other end in the air.
“I’m gonna give you one chance to tell me what I want to know…”
“Stop wasting time, Finnie,” Bob protested, “Just plug it in and let’s get the show on the road! Besides, that’ll be just a little closer to tasting his ass,” Bob once again hooted his anticipation.
“You keep that monkey away from me,” Captain Sparre yelled, backing away from Finnie as far as he could.
“Okay, that’s it!” Bob shouted, “I’m gonna bite him in the ass!”
Finnie held Bob back once more, “You really shouldn’t be insulting my Chimp. Now you’ve made him mad… maybe I’ll just turn him lose on ya’ now, ‘eh?”
“Really, Finnie, you’ll let me bite his ass now? Please-please-please, let me bit the man!”
“As you can see, Bob here,” Finnie held up the end to Captain Sparre’s receptacle and clicked it into place, “is particularly sensitive to that term, so, I wouldn’t do that anymore if I were you.”
The power ignited the circuits in Captain Sparre’s connector. Bob sat on the floor and closed his eyes with the Captain’s.
“Now, Captain Sparre,” Finnie began, “I’m going to ask you some questions and Bob, here, is gonna read your mind.”
“You can try,” Captain Sparre sneered up at Finnigan.
“Tell me, Captain, where is Petra?”
Bob began to speak in unison with the Captain, “Llorix … Llorix-7… GSF… GSF Detention-032.”
“She is doing hard labor?”
Bob and Tobias spoke in grunts and groans, “Planet side… she is not… not on the… orbital prison… never find her… you… won’t ever… find her…” 
“Oh, I’ll get through, alright, Captain…” Finnigan continued questioning the Captain, “Who is she under?”
Captain Sparre fought the mind probe and Bob winced in pain.
“You okay, Bob?”
Bob opened his eyes and glanced up at Finnigan, “Give him more medicine… I can handle it, Finn. Let’s get the data.”
“Okay,” Finnigan smiled as he pressed a button on the cable, “More medicine he gets.”
Tobias struggled to resist but gave into the mind probe drugs and relaxed.
“Tell me who is in charge of Petra.”
“I… I don’t know,” Bob and Tobias yelled in pain.
“Oh, come on, now, Toby, you can tell me. Let’s start with who the current warden is.”
“I don’t know… too many detention… detention centers,” the two screamed once more.
Bob opened his eyes again to address Finnigan, “The medicine is making it difficult… you need to narrow it down, Finn.”
“Okay, how’s this? Who is the warden at Detention-032?”
Bob closed his eyes and began speaking with Tobias, “Ophelia… Wilkins… Ophelia Wilkins… Effie… is the… warden.”
“Good,” Finnigan smiled, “Now were getting somewhere. Who is Petra assigned to at the planet mining colony?”
Captain Sparre continued to fight the powerful mind probe, but finally began speaking with gritted teeth, “Ophelia assigned Petra… she assigned her to… Colonel…. Clay… Colonel Donovan Clay…”
“Good ol’ Donovan, ‘eh?’ Finnigan smiled with satisfaction. “She’s in the same camp as Thor,” Finn said to Bob.
“Oh, good, Thor… so, are we going to take him with us?”
“Thor is a good pirate, so, sure, why not?”
“He might be a little upset at you still, Finnie,” Bob explained, “Just sayin’.”
“Eh… He’ll get over it.”
“You should hope so, Finnie.”
Finnie knelt to the Captain’s face and leaned close, “Now, Captain Sparre, I want you to tell me what you did to Petra.”
Bob closed his eyes and focused on Captain Sparre’s memories. Captain Sparre and Bob spoke together, “Torture… Petra… I tortured her… she… Petra… she had it… had it comin’…”
Bob reached up and unplugged the cable and winced at the memories, “It’s bad, Finnie, he worked her over pretty good.”
“Okay, Bob. You can bite the man,” Finnigan said, reached over to unplug the cable from Captain Sparre’s receptacle.
  “For those about to rock,” Bob smiled with his jaw expanding, “We salute you!”
Bob reached out, took his thumb in his mouth and chomped it off Captain Sparre’s hand. His screams filled the room as he protested from his shackles.
“You little monkey! You bit my thumb off!”
“Oh, Bob, did you really have to do that?” Finnigan frowned.
Bob sat the appendage on the table and looked up at Finnigan, “Under normal circumstances, no. But if you had seen what he did to Petra… well, you would understand.”
“So sorry about that, Toby,” Finnigan smirked, “I’ll send in the medics to have a look at that.”
“Hey,” Bob added, “With today’s medical advancements, they should be able to reattached that with no trouble.”
Finnigan knocked on the cell door, signaling the attendant to let them out. 
After the door slid open, the guard entered the room to find the screaming Captain and his thumb resting beside him, “What happened in here?”
“Yeah, Captain Sparre had a little accident,” Bob answered as the two stepped out of the cell.
“You better have that looked at,” Finnigan added.
The guard pressed a button on the outside of the cell, “I need medics to the cell block, stat!”
“Okay,” Bob said, rubbing his hands together, “Who’s my next victim… ‘err, prisoner?”
“You’re not gonna bite anyone else, now, are ya’?” the guard asked.
“Well, that depends…”
“Depends on what?”
“On what we find out?” Bob answered with a smile.
“Now, Bob, you said you would behave.”
“Oh, you have no idea… this is really hard holding back.”
The medics arrived and began working on the bleeding Captain as the guard motioned, “Commodore Strandberg is right this way.”


17


-- Llorix-7


Petra opened her eyes to the sounds of her cell clicking before sliding open. Sitting upright she rubbed her eyes and watched as the day crew left their cells. She flopped back down on her bunk until one of the guards came to her cell.
“Don’t make me use the punisher this early in the day. Move out of your cell and stand to attention!” The guard sternly ordered.
“Why?”
“Because that’s how Colonel Clay addresses the miners before going out into the blazing heat, that’s why! Now move it!”
Petra reluctantly rose to her elbows and peered at the guard’s steely blue eyes, “I think I need more time to acclimate. How’s about coming back at the noon shift?”
“Such a wise-ass!” the guard yelled as he reached for his punisher.
The man next to Petra jumped out and grabbed his arm, “No, no don’t!”
The guard shoved his hand off his arm and pushed him to the ground, “I should kill you where you lie!”
“No! I’m sorry… you gots ta’ give Petra a little slack…”
“For you, and to ensure everyone knows it was you!” The guard depressed his punisher button, sending the entire cell block to their knees.
Several seconds passed before he released his button, “Now! Let this be a lesson to all y’all! NEVER EVER touch a guard!”
Petra took full advantage of the distraction and leaped from her bunk, through her cell door, tackling the guard. The two flew through the air and landed on the ground with a thud. Petra grabbed the punisher device from his belt and tossed it in the air toward where Thor was.
Snatching the device in the air, Thor looked it over as Petra delivered fist-punch after punch, knocking the guard unconscious. 
Thor quickly ran to the fallen guard before more would soon be rushing into the cell block, “I need his imprint to release the collars!”
Petra held the man’s hand up as Thor grabbed his thumb and actuated the collar release on the back of the punisher.
As guards stormed the cell block, the inmate’s collars flashed a coded sequence before snapping loose.
Petra stood over the fallen guard, reached up and yanked her pain device from her neck before tossing it to the guard’s chest.
Thor tore his collar off and gave Petra a wide smile, “You did good, little missy. You did good.”
“So, is all forgiven?” Petra asked, taking the guards weapon.
“Yes, all is forgiven. Consider yourself part of my guild. This is huge, Petra! Huge!”
Petra turned off the safety on her newly acquired weapon, took aim at the approaching guards and fired, “This is a cell break! Pick up arms and attack!”
Hand to hand combat commenced as inmate reached guard. Several guards fell with Petra and Thor’s weapons fire, giving more guns to inmates.
The prisoners were rewarded for their actions with the guards yelling to retreat until reinforcements arrive.
“We’ve got ‘em on the run!” Thor shouted, “Charge at them! Kill every one of these GSF’s!”
 Only a few guards escaped the cell block before the doors where sealed off to the main complex.
“We’re still sealed inside here!” Petra protested as she stopped at the closed doors.
Thor turned Petra to face him, “Come on! They’re gonna gas the compound! We have to get to our breathers and suits. We’ll take the tunnel exit to the mines. We can hold up there until we figure out our next move!”
Petra nodded her understanding as she took off after Thor and the other fifty inmates, all racing to the life suit storage bins.
Several of the inmates were already standing at the storage bins, handing out breathers and basic life suits.
Petra took hers and stepped into the jumpsuit looking uniform, “Is this going to protect us from the elements?”
“Best we have!” Thorne nodded, stepping into his suit.
The two zipped up their fronts and Thor helped Petra with her collar and sealed her hands with gripper gloves. Then he showed her how the breather worked before covering his head with the hood.
There were three tunnels leading to the mines. They broke into three groups of sixteen with Thorne and Petra making up two extras in the center group.
“This one goes back the farthest and has access to the surface.”
“Okay, let’s go. I think their starting to gas the place!” Petra said, pointing at the poisonous green-colored Trefin gas filling the cell block.
“Yep!” Thor confirmed, “Okay, everyone! Into the tunnels and seal off the blast doors to the cell blocks. Tunnels one and three. Good luck to y’all and we’ll see you in hell!”
Ensuring all the inmates were inside the tunnel entrance, he manipulated the blast door closing sequence, “These doors cannot be opened for twelve hours. That’s a shift.”
“What about cuttin’ through?” Petra asked, watching the doors slide closed, sealing the circular tunnel entrance.
Pressing the next sequence, more doors closed, one rising up from the floor and down from the ceiling, meeting in the middle.
“Another one like this closed on their side, so that’s three layers of titanium alloy hardened steel blast doors. Ain’t nothin’ gonna cut through that.”
“Okay, what about the entrance to the surface? They’ll get to us that way,” Petra again protested.
“Well then,” Thor smiled as he checked his weapon, “we better start makin’ our way back and hold that entrance. We’ve got enough firepower with us to keep them out.”
“Then what happens when those doors open in twelve hours?”
“We can only hope that we’ll figure a way outta here by then.”
Petra followed Thor as he began making his way down the tunnel toward the other sixteen inmates with them, “Well, you can bet this cell break will be transmitted on every frequency known to man, which might get us some sympathy out there.”
“You think your freelancer friends are gonna risk their ship coming here to try and extract us off this rock?”
“As a matter of fact, I do,” Petra nodded, doing a two-step to keep up with Thor’s wide stride.
“So, missy, who you been pirating with these days?”
“You haven’t been in lockup for that long to know I’m still hanging with Finnigan.”
“Well, I was a hopin’ you were not a flirtin’ with him, that is…”
“You’re still jealous, that’s what this is all about, isn’t it? C’mon, admit it!”
“We were engaged, little missy. What did you expect me to do?”
“Well, it’s not my fault you introduced Finn to me in the first place. Showing me off like I was some kind of trophy… I mean, really?”
“Oh, and Finn never does that…”
“No, of course not. He’s a perfect gentleman.”
Thor could not contain his laugher, “You can’t be serious… I mean, we are talkin’ about the same Sean Finnigan, aren’t we?”
“Well, of course we are.”
“Ahhh, I get it… he don’t like you. Does he?”
“He likes me just fine, Thor.”
“Well, why don’t you just forget about ol’ Finnie and come back into my arms. Someone who, genuinely, cares for you.”
“I told you it’s over between us, Thorne. You’re too possessive, anyway.”
“Oh, I am not possessive.”
Petra had air escape from her lips, “Pfffff.”
“Okay, well, maybe I am… a little,” Thor thought, “but at least you’d be hanging off someone’s arm that is truly in love with you.”
“Oh, will you just stop? I’m not in love with you. I am in love with Finn, and it’s all your fault! You just don’t want to admit it, that’s all.” Petra snickered.
“Well, it still makes me mad for what you did to me!”
“What? Falling for Finnie?”
“Yes, falling for Finnie,” Thor mimicked. “What else are you thinkin’?”
“The brawl that ensued shortly after I broke up with you?”
“No, I actually enjoyed that part.”
“Well, you know what they say?” Petra snickered.
“No, what do they say?”
“Fist to flesh if you’re gonna stay fresh…”
“Well, fist to flesh, it does make one refresh,” Thor added, stroking his chin.
“I just know my Finnie will be callin’ soon. Mark my words, Thor, he will be a comin’!”
“Well, at this point, I’d welcome any Junker he be a flyin’.  If he be a callin’, I’d go a piratin’.”
“So, tell me about these tunnels? What is it you’re mining down here?”
“I’m surprised you didn’t guess by now.”
“How would I know that?”
“Look, with any GSF supported project, the only reason for its existence, is if there’s a benefit involved. A big benefit.”
“Like fuel sourcing or something with munitions.”
“Ding-ding-ding,” Thor chimed, “You win the kewpie doll!”
“You mean we’re down here, underground, with minimal life suits and breathers, surrounded by plasma vents. That’s mighty dangerous work?”
“No kiddin’,” Thor smiled. “But it’s better than bein’ gassed back there.”
“Well, you do have a point there.”
“We’re gettin’ close to the last plasma tube we capped yesterday.”
“Okay,” Petra nodded, “Just remind me not to light any cigars down here. I’m even smelling the vent from here.”
“Yeah, cigars aren’t really authorized down here. Just remember, these plasma weapons could ignite one of those vents.”
“Yeah,” Petra examined her surroundings, seeing several previously capped vents, “Duly noted: don’t miss your target.”
“We’ll all become mighty crispy feelin’, for sure.”
“Looks like this is the exit,” Petra said, coming to a stop at a ladder.
Thor held one hand on the ladder and looked up, “Six stories up there’s a platform and one door to the outside.”
“Six stories?”
“We best be all makin’ our way up if we’re gonna hold that exit.”
Thor began stepping up the ladder, hand over hand and foot over foot. Petra shrugged and slung her weapon over her shoulder before following behind, “Okay, let’s go up.”
As they disappeared up the ladder, more of the prisoners joined in their six-story climb.


-- GSF Detention-032


Alarms rang out across the orbital detention center, alerting all staff of a major planetary cell break.
Effie stormed into her ward room, “What the hell’s going on down there? Are your men so incompetent that they allowed Slayer to orchestrate a prison break?”
“Sorry, Ma’am, but Colonel Clay was detained in his arrival for the morning shift. The slipstep was down.”
“So, you’re telling me that there were only a dozen guards at the time? What’s the matter with you!?”
“We were in process of slip stepping two more squads when the stepper went down.”
“Who was the fool that went into the compound by himself with Slayer’s cage open?”
“Matt Kensington. He paid with his life, Ma’am.”
“Matt was well seasoned. What made him think he could go in there alone?”
“Slayer didn’t scare him and he made it clear, by going in.”
“Well, was it them or us that actually killed him?”
“It was the Trefin gas, Ma’am. Slayer only knocked him out.”
“Well, it’s a good thing she didn’t make her way up here during her escape. You say they’re all in the tunnels?”
“Yes, they likely broke into three groups and entered each tunnel system.”
“Hoping we wouldn’t guess which one they fled into?”
“Perhaps. But it is only obvious the center tunnel is the only one with an exit.”
“You do have men covering that exit, don’t you?”
“Yes, we have three squads descending on transports to the surface. They’ll be in position in ten minutes.”
“So, what you’re really saying,” Effie returned a stern look, “The slipstepper is still down?”
“Yes, it’s still down, Ma’am.”
“Well, do you know what the problem is? Do you have an ETA for its repair?”
“Yes and no.”
“What’s that supposed to mean,” Effie shouted.
“The slipstepper chamber has a field coil that fused.”
“Fused?”
“Yes, we’re on it. Teams are cutting it away. Then fabrication will have to retro fit a replacement.”
“Sounds like more incompetence, to me!”
“It’s going to take another hour to complete.”
“I trust Colonel Clay is on one of these transports?
“Yes, Ma’am, he is in charge.”
“Good.” Effie smiled, “If anyone can contain Slayer, it’s Colonel Clay.”
“That’s good to hear you say Ma’am.”
“Just know that if he should fail, he will replace Slayer in the work camp.”
“I’m sure he is aware, failure, is not an option.”
“I’m quite sure he is, yes,” Effie smiled, “So, what type of suits do they have. Can they survive above ground?”
“They could survive for a few hours, Ma’am. Not more than three or four.”
“Very well, then. I will send my report to GSF command. Of course, as you should already know, Slayer is responsible for this prison break. I want her… I want her back in a cell in a bad way,” Effie’s smile turned to furrowed brow. “If it’s the last thing I will do, I shall see Slayer in a cell!”
“Yes, Warden. We will do everything in our power to contain them. Slayer will be caught.”
“Good to hear you say that,” Effie returned a smirk, “Because if she escapes, you will join the Colonel’s side, with your own pickaxe.”
“Yes, Ma’am,” the Captain gulped. 


18


-- SC Sinclair


Maddie entered the cell block after hearing about the extracted digit and looked at Finnigan, who stood before the next cell door with Bob holding the fiber connector, one end still connected to his receptacle.
“Having a little trouble with Captain Sparre, did ya’?”
Bob wiped any remaining blood from his lips and hooted twice.
“Yeah, the ol’ Captain really had it coming. Besides, he’ll have it reattached in no time, these days.”
“And if he’s lucky,” Bob smiled, “he’ll even regain full usage…”
“Well, how about taking it a little easy on my next prisoner. I only have the one doctor and he’s, apparently, going to be busy in surgery,” Maddie laughed.
The guard slid the cell door open, exposing a sitting Commodore Strandberg, who looked up from his shackles, “Well-well-well, if it isn’t Sean Finnigan, Pirate Extraordinaire.”
“Why thank you, Commodore. I see you’re doing quite well in your position.”
“I thought I killed you at outpost Shakaro?!” The Commodore added, “I guess Petra had a bigger effect on me than I thought?”
“Come again?” Finnigan asked before stepping into the holding cell.
“Yes, well, it seems she has a CYBERS inhibitor protocol chip. She had me believing she was the only survivor on the Scimitar.”
 “Took ya’ by surprise, did she?” Bob smiled as he joined Finnie in the holding cell.
Maddie was only a step behind Bob, “Just don’t go biting this one, until he refuses to cooperate.”
“Hey-hey-hey,” the Commodore backed away from Bob’s gnashing teeth. “Keep your Chimp away from me!”
Bob backed down and hooted, “I’m already startin’ to like this guy! At least he knows the difference.”
“Yeah, I remember Petra tellin’ me you kind of detest the ‘M’ word.”
“You can say that again…” Bob said.
“… You detest the ‘M’ word--” Commodore Strandberg repeated.
“Now, he’s turnin’ into a smart ass…” Bob interrupted, “…maybe I should bite his ass, anyway!”
“Hold on, there, Bob,” Finnigan smiled as he held Bob back by his shoulders.
“Just give me a reason,” Bob said before two screeches and four hoots. “Please give me one!”
“At least he didn’t use the ‘M’ word!” Finnigan reasoned.
“He’s got a valid point,” the Commodore pleaded with shackled hands. “Look, I need you, Maddie and of course, Bob, to let me talk to you… privately.”
“What you need to say, can be said right here, right now,” Maddie scolded.
“Well, if you insist, Madeline.”
“Just plug him in and I’ll extract whatever it is he needs to say!”
“There’s no need for that, okay?” Commodore Strandberg begged.
“It’s so we know you’re tellin’ us the truth,” Bob added.
“I’m the mystery man, Maddie…” Commodore Strandberg confessed, “It’s me!”
Finnigan reached the plug toward his receptacle, when Maddie held his arm, “Wait. Not yet.”
“I’m feeling my animalistic urge to bite someone, and it ain’t the Commodore!” Bob warned.
“Relax, Bob,” Maddie assured, “There’s just no way he’s the mystery man.”
“Do ya’ mind explainin’ what this ‘mystery man’ thing is?” Finnigan asked.
“Our cause has always had someone on the inside. They continue to feed us information, as long as they can stay anonymous.”
“How can you be sure he’s the one?” Finnigan asked.
Bob grabbed the cable and shoved it into the Commodore’s receptacle, “Oh for cryin’ out loud, will you just let me read him?”
Bob closed his eyes with Strandberg’s and concentrated on his memories before he opened his eyes and grew a wide smile, “Yeah, he’s the read deal, here, Maddie.”
“So, it was you the whole time?” Maddie protested.
“Yes… mystery man… gave weapons locker codes…” the Commodore chanted with Bob.
“Why did you give us such a hard time taking this ship? We could have already been helping the privateers!”
“I would face execution… you know that…” the two recited in unison. “A man… with my reputation… as a GFS Commodore… impossible to believe… I would have been killed by you… or executed by them… never an easy position… to be in… never easy…”
Maddie reached over and yanked the fiber connector from Strandberg, sending a jolt back into Bob.
“Ouch! What the hell?” Bob protested as he yanked out the other end of the cable.
“There’s no need to continue with this. He’s the real deal, that’s all I need to know.”
Bob rubbed the side of his head as he recovered from the sudden disconnect, “I was about to tell you that he turned fully to our side after being connected to Petra.”
“Seems she really did have an effect on you, ‘eh Commodore?”
“Yes. Yes, it was the feedback loop from her CYBERS protocol that made me see that I was never on the right side.”
Maddie turned to the cell block sergeant and ordered, “Unlock him.”
“Are you nuts?” Finnigan protested.
“Hey, Finnie,” Bob began, “relax, it really is the real deal, here. My CYBERS decoded his memory engrams. There’s no error. None.”
“So, are you gonna help us get Petra back?” Finnigan enquired.
“Yes, and I have the perfect plan,” Strandberg answered as he rubbed his freed wrists.
“Whattcha got, Commodore?” Finnie asked.
“Please, call me William or Will. I’m no longer a GSF Commodore, I’ll tell ya’ that right now.”
“How about Captain of the ship? I mean, I’m only a Major in the GSF and Captains still outrank me.”
“You would give me my command back?”
“As long as you’re on our side, I can’t think of any better place for you to be.”
“So, what’s the plan, Will?”
“I take the Sinclair back to Llorix-7 with the Katana attached at our dorsal.”
The ship’s loudspeaker blared the panicked voice of Maddie’s second, Lieutenant Hood, “Maddie, we’ve received a coded message from GSF Detention-032! They’ve had a prison break on the surface mining colonies!”
Maddie began answering with raised eyebrows, “Well, how bad is it?”
“It’s very bad, sir. All fifty workers currently at camp four, have barricaded themselves into the mining tunnels!”
“Petra!” Finnigan exclaimed as a wide smile grew across his face, “It’s gotta be!”
“Captain Finnigan is right, Maddie,” Lt. Hood confirmed, “Petra was reported as starting this. They’re requesting all Capital ships in the vicinity, to bring your firepower to Llorix-7!”
William asked, “How many have responded?” 
“We are the closest ship. Everyone else are more than three hours out!”
“What luck!” Finnigan laughed.
“Yes, yes, it is a bit of good fortune.” William added, “I can get us there. Finn, you will have to go planet side to rescue them.”
“Then, I’d say, we’d better get underway, immediately,” Finnigan insisted. 
“Send word that the CS Sinclair is on the way!” William ordered.
“Wait,” Maddie protested, “How do you expect Finnie will pass through those planetary shields?”
“He won’t have to, Maddie,” William answered, “As soon as we arrive at Llorix-7, I’ll order Effie to lower the shields.”
“Why’s she gonna do that?” Maddie again protested.
“Because there’s no way our targeting systems can lock on if they’re up.”
“Ahhh,” Finnie nodded, “Wait… no… bad idea. He opens fire on them? Don’t forget what it is they’re mining down there,” Maddie argued.
“Relax, Maddie,” Finnie smiled, “I can get in and back out again with Petra with no problem.”
“How you gonna do that?”
“Trust me, Will, I can do this. You just keep the Prison Warden busy… oh, and if you have schematics of the mining camp and tunnels? Pictures will be good too, if you have those.”
“You’re gonna use it, aren’t ya’?” Maddie smiled, “I’ll see what we can dig up for you.”
“In the meantime, let’s get to the bridge,” William ordered.
“Well, you might want to let me make a few announcements before you show up top side,” Maddie advised.
“Okay, you have another good point, Maddie.”
“Don’t worry, they’ll actually congratulate you for coming forward.”
Maddie turned and walked out of the cell block, stopped and turned to address Finnigan, “Stay here with Will until I signal you it’s okay. Then you can safely make your way to the bridge.”
She turned and strutted out of the cell, turning to give Finn a smile and winked as she turned the corner.
Finnigan leaned as far as he could, to see her for as long as possible, “She’s really somethin’ else, isn’t she?”
“Yes, she really is,” Will smiled, “But she is like a scorpion. Seems harmless at first…”
“Then POW,” Bob shouted, “she gets you with her stinger!”
“Yep, that about sizes up Maddie,” Finnigan answered.
“I like her!” Bob smiled before hooting three times.


-- CS Sinclair Bridge


Two guards pinned the former Commodore to the bulkhead as he attempted to enter the ship’s command center. Finnigan and Bob were held at gun point just outside.
“Hey, I thought you said it was all cool?” William protested.
“I said, put your guns down!” Maddie ordered, “I told you, he’s the mystery man we’ve all wondered about!”
“How can you be sure of that, Maddie,” Hood argued, “He could be settin’ us all up!”
“Bob read his chip! You can’t fake that! Now stand down!”
“Who the hell cares what a damn monkey says, anyway!” the guard shouted.
“You son-of-a-bitch!” Bob growled as he lunged forward, biting the guard in the ass.
“OW! Get ‘im off of me!” The guard shouted as he dropped his weapon, “Get ‘im off!”
“Hey-hey-hey,” Finnie shouted, “We’re all friends here! Friends! Let’s just put down your guns and let’s get on with, gettin’ Petra freed! You want that, right? Cause, it ain’t a happenin’ if you don’t let Will, here, take back his throne! Bob, my Chipped Chimp, read him! He’s never been wrong, so just give it up, already!”
Bob released his jaws from the man’s pants as he let go of Strandberg. Finnie stepped onto the bridge and then with a wave of his hand, motioned to the former Commodore, “I believe that’s your seat, right over where Maddie is.”
William straightened his coat and strode past the guard and took his place, “Open a channel to Detention-032!”
Lt. West pressed his commands on his console, “GSF Detention-032. This is the CS Sinclair, answering your emergency call for assistance. I have Commodore Strandberg for you, stand by.”
The radio crackled static before the shrill voice of Effie broke through, “CS Sinclair, you are a god-send! Report to Detention-032 and prepare to fight the prisoners!”
“This is Commodore Strandberg, I read you. We are still close enough to return to offer full assistance.”
“What is your ETA? The tunnels will not reopen for another nine hours.”
“We’ll be arriving in thirty minutes. I need you to send me all the design schematics and photos of the tunnels if we are to organize an effective offensive strike.”
“I will have those transmitted in the next five minutes, Commodore. I look forward to seeing you again.”
“So do I, Warden, so do I.”
“Channel cut, sir,” Lt. West reported.
“Confirmed on our ETA, Will,” Lt. Hood said, “Thirty minutes.”
“The Katana is coming into place,” Maddie said, reading her screen.
“All hands,” Strandberg announced, “prepare for slipstream velocities… engage!”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Ellis acknowledged, “The Katana is attached and is stable. Engaging slipstream drives… now!”
The stars began to bleed the color spectrum as the ship gained higher light speeds. Finally, the stars firmly stretched from their starting position until five inches in length before settling. Various colors of violet, purple and red hues flowed across the viewscreen of the Sinclair.
The ship’s radio crackled as a voice broke through, “Mighty nice out there at these speeds, ain’t it?”
“How’s it goin’ over there Duncan?” Finnigan asked.
“We’re holding good, Finnie. No issues at all.”
“Good job, Mister Dunk-man.”
Lieutenant West looked up from his console, “We’re receiving the mining operation schematics as well as several photos of each area.”
“Wonderful. As long as I know where I’m goin, I can be back with Petra in a flash.”
“How soon do you think you can, you know,” Bob leaned closer to Finnigan, “use your card?”
“I’m confident that I can use it as soon as I review the data.”
“The data stream will be complete in five minutes, Finn,” Lt. West reported.
“Got a console I can use to study them?”
“Right over here, Finnie,” Maddie motioned, “You can use my console, here.”
Finnie sat in her chair. Maddie fiddled with the console settings while leaning over his shoulder.
“Go ahead and send over what you got, Byron,” Maddie instructed.
The data began filling the screen before Finnigan took over the controls and scrolled through the site schematics, diagrams and photos.
“Okay,” Finnigan nodded with a smile, “This is the courtyard,” then pointing with his index finger, “These are the three tunnel entrances that they said won’t open for about nine hours.”
“There’s only one exit in these networks of tunnels,” Maddie pointed with Finn.
“Right! This center tunnel is the only one with an exit and if I know Petra, she’ll be in that one; always should have an alternate way out.”
“You can bet that rear tunnel entrance will be heavily guarded for their exit.”
Strandberg stood behind Maddie and pointed, “Not if this is the area of my attack, it’s not.”
“Good,” Finnigan smiled, “Tell them you need to target this entire line,” he drew his finger across the map, “They’ll evac and I can get in and swoop Petra out.”
“You can make your strike,” Maddie added, “as soon as Finnie and Petra are safely returned.”
“You going to let me bomb the complex with all the other prisoners?”
“No, I’m going in to get ‘em all!” Finnigan smiled.
“How do you know you can take that many at once?”
“I’ll get ‘em all…”
Bob asked, “How many are we talkin’?” 
“Fifty prisoners.” William answered, “There’ll be roughly sixteen in each tunnel.”
“I think three trips will be all I need. One for each tunnel complex.”
“What if you need more?”
“Figure out how to delay firing? I don’t know,” Finnie protested.
“The Nebula A1 will have to build up a charge before firing.” Maddie nodded, “That can be your excuse, Will.”
“Sounds like a good plan, to me,” Strandberg nodded.
“I’ve seen enough of the plans. It’s go time for me.”
“Once you’re inside the complex, you’ll still have to find out where Petra is.”
“It won’t matter if I find her… I have to find out where they all are.”
Finnigan stood from the console and stepped to the side of the bridge before he removed his card from its metal carrying case.
He held the card up and stared. The gears began to turn and the compass twirled. The constellation faded to black as the room appeared on the other side where Finnigan was targeting. 
He looked over to Bob and smiled, “You behave yourself, now!”
“Who me?”
“Yeah you!”
“Okay, okay. I promise to behave...”
“Good. I’ll see you all soon.”
Finnigan stepped through the portal and vanished.
“…Mostly…” Bob hooted. “Where’s the rum?”


19


-- Llorix-7


Petra reached the top of the platform as Thor grabbed her hand and helped her the rest of the way up. The remaining prisoners joined them at the top of the small platform, being barely large enough to fit everyone.
Thor pointed to a cement staircase, “That leads to the exit.”
“Doesn’t seem very secure,” Petra complained.
 The grimy man that came to her aid before, worked his way through the crowd, “You just watch yourselves. That door could be busted open any moment!”
Petra pointed her weapon at the exit, “Well, we’re ready for ‘em, if they do come a chargin’!”
“I don’t hear anything outside,” Thor said.
Petra asked, “How thick is that door? Maybe we just can’t hear them.” 
“She’s right,” the grimy man offered, “They could be out there jus’ waitin’ for us!”
“I never got your name, mister,” Petra asked, turning to the man.
“Names Levi, Ms. Petra. Pleased ta’ met ya’,” he said, extending his hand.
Petra quickly shook the man’s clammy hand before yanking it from his grip. Then she proceeded to wipe her hand off on her clothes.
The group turned toward the exit door at the stairs as a clunk was heard.
“Oh no! That’s them now! Take cover!” Levi shouted as he began down the ladder.
Thor and Petra took aim at the metal door as light began to seep through the crack in the opening.
“Steady now!” Thor shouted, “Get ready!”
Petra knelt on one knee to take a better stance as the door was yanked open.
Light bled through the opened door as the tunnel’s darkness was dispelled. Thor and Petra, along with several other armed prisoners, opened fire. Their blaster shots filled the staircase and exit, but there was no one there.
A disturbed voice sounded during the weapons cease fire, “Petra?! Is that you?!”
Petra lowered her weapon and took her hand to lower Thor’s, “Finnie? Is that you?”
“Yeah! It’s me, please don’t shoot me!”
“Okay, nice and slow, Finnie,” Petra shouted up the stairs, “I don’t want any surprises.”
“Well, sorry, to surprise you, but it’s all clear out here! It’s just me!”
“Come on down, then!” Petra insisted.
The silhouette of a man covered the bright light from the entrance as he slowly, one step at a time, descended each step, with his hands in the air, “See? It’s just me! There’s no one else out there!”
Petra broke into a full run and connected to her love, “Oh Finnie! You did come to rescue me!” Then she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately on his lips before breaking away, “Oh, Finnie! I’m so happy to see you! … you look sunburned…”
Finnie pushed Petra away and held her at arm’s length, “C’mon, Petra, cut it out! You know I don’t have those kinds of feelings for you. And I’m sunburned because it’s hotter than blue blazes out there!”
“That’s what you get for not having a life-suit,” Petra smiled up at Finnie, “Wait… you mean to tell me, you didn’t feel anything?”
“No, I didn’t feel anything.”
Petra took him by the collar and pulled him back to her lips where she madly kissed him for several seconds before separating.
Finnigan shook his head, “Okay, that time I felt something.”
“Oh, Finnie! You do love me, don’t ya’!”
“No, I wouldn’t describe it quite like that…”
“Then why’ja come riskin’ life-n-limb to rescue me?”
“Because, you know who has the first card.”
“Oh, is that all you came for?”
“Well, frankly, yeah.”
“Oh, Finnie, that’s one of the things I love so much about ya’: you never change.”
“Well, I try…”
“Stability is something not every relationship has, Finnie,” Petra said, batting her eyes.
“Finnie?” Thor smiled, “You ol’ dog, you! Where’s your ship?”
“Not so fast, Thorne, or can I still call ya’ Thor for short?”
Thor growled at Finnigan, “You lucky I ain’t a fixin’ to kill ya’ after what you did!”
“What?” Finnigan shrugged, “What did I do?”
“You don’t remember?”
“No, I can’t say that I do.”
“You stole Petra!”
“No, no it’s not stealing when she freely came along. I didn’t steel her. And why does everyone seem to think I stole her from anyone?”
“He’s right, Thor,” Petra smirked as she fell into Finnie’s arms, “It ain’t stealin’ if freely I’m a goin’.”
Levi climbed back up the ladder to the platform and interjected himself in front of Finnigan. With extended hand, he introduced himself, “Pleased ta’ meet ya’, Captain Finnigan. I’m Levi. I helped Petra on her first night. You need an extra hand on your ship?”
Finnigan looked down on the grimy man, holding his hands back as to not touch him, “No, I have plenty of crew and you have my gratitude for watching after Petra, here.”
“Yeah, I took punishment for her, too.”
“We all were rewarded with your heroics of standing up for Petra,” Thor argued.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that, Mister Thor. But now, we’re free…” Levi turned to address Finnie again, “…you did come to rescue us, didn’t you?”.
“Yes, I did come to rescue everyone! I’m sure we can find places for everyone within the Privateers.”
“So, where’s your ship?”
“Ship?” Finnigan answered, “No ship, just me.”
“My knight in shining armor,” Petra added. “If you don’t have a ship, how you gonna rescue us?”
“I have my ways,” Finnigan nodded, “Now, where is everyone or is this all there is?”
“There are two groups of sixteen and this group of eighteen.”
“Okay, so the intelligence was accurate with fifty inmates. No problem.”
“No problem, says the man without a ship,” Petra frowned.
“Relax, Petra. How do you think I got here if I don’t have a ship?”
“Um, maybe you got yourself arrested?”
“No. I have the card,” Finnigan whispered.
“You finally started to use the thing?” Petra complained.
“Well, ah, yeah. I’m here, aren’t I?”
“And you can get all of us out?”
“Sure thing,” Finnigan answered. “It’ll take three trips, but I can do this.”
“So, this thing allows you to pass through the security systems?”
“Of course, Petra,” Finnigan answered once more, “Okay, we better be movin’.” Finnie said, raising his voice, “If I can have everyone’s attention!”.
The rumblings ceased giving Finnigan the floor. Taking two steps up the cement staircase, he held his card up and began staring.
“Now, if everyone can exit, single file. When you exit here, you’ll be on the cargo deck of the CS Sinclair…”
“It’s a trap!” Levi shouted, “That’s a Capital ship!”
“No-no-no, did I forget to tell you we captured the Sinclair? She’s ours!”
“Yeah, sure she is,” Thorne scorned, re-aiming his weapon at Finnigan’s face.
“Take it easy, Thor-man. Do you want outta here, or not?”
“Well… um, err, yeah… I do. They’re gonna kills us all once those blast doors reopen.”
“Well, then I suppose you better head on up these stairs, because, I ain’t waitin’ much longer.”
Petra left Finnigan’s arm and headed up the steps, “C’mon, Thor, Finnie wouldn’t do that to us. I’m goin’, with or without y’all.”
Finnigan focused once again on the card, making the gears and compass turn. As Petra climbed the stairs, her eyes fixed on Finnie’s card, now displaying the cargo bay on the ship.
Thor motioned with his arm, “Okay, everyone, gather together!”
The prisoners obeyed Thor’s orders and proceeded to the stairs near Finnie. The group then vanished from the mining tunnel.
Once inside the cargo bay of the Sinclair, Finnigan lowered his card, “Okay, we made it. Now, I have to go back for the others. Petra and Thor, you’re with me.”
“Why do I have to go back with ya’?” Thorne protested.
“Well, someone they know has to convince them to come with me.”
“I’ll go with ya’,” Petra smiled. “I ain’t leavin’ your side again, Finnie.”
“Great… okay, Thor, are ya’ in or out?”
“Fine, fine, I’ll go. Someone has to keep the Finnie in line!”
“Where’s Levi?”
“Right here, Captain Finnigan, ready to serve,” Levi stepped forward from the crowd.
“Good. I want you to coordinate with Sinclair’s armory. Maddie tells me to have you work with Sergeants’ Fulton and Dorsey. They will hook everyone up with weapons. Then find them assignments on this ship until we can make contact with the Privateer and Freelancers throughout this sector.”
“You got it, Captain.”
Before Finnigan actuated his card, he pointed with his thumb over his shoulder, “Gawd, he’s so enthusiastic.”
“Yeah, ain’t it simply awful?” Petra moaned.
“Sickening,” Thor added.
Finnie glanced over his shoulder, “Don’t worry, Levi. You complete this assignment with the level of enthusiasm you continue to display, I’ll see to it you get a prime seat on my ship.”
Levi’s face lit up, “Really?”
“No, I’m lyin’ to ya’!”
Levi’s deflated like an empty sail.
“Really, no promises. Let’s see what ya’ got first, m’kay?”
“Sure thing, Captain Finnigan, I won’t let ya’ down!”
Finnigan rose his arm, stared at the card before they teleported to the next tunnel system.


-- Detention-032 Operations


Ophelia stood, looking over the shoulder of a station attendant’s console, “Get word to Colonel Clay to evacuate the area. Tell them the Sinclair has entered orbit and is targeting the center tunnel’s emergency exit.”
The attendant held his earpiece closer, “Colonel Clay is confirming they have changed course and left the area. The Sinclair is set for targeting.”
“Lower the security shielding,” Ophelia ordered. “Tell the Commodore he’s clear to make his run!”
“Attention CS Sinclair. Warden Wilkins has given you clearance to acquire and destroy your targets!”
“This is Commodore Strandberg. We are moving planet side and will have target lock in two minutes!”
The comm channel crackled static before the attendant turned down the overhead speakers.
“Target will be acquired in two minutes, Warden,” the Attendant relayed.
“Good. What’s the ETA on those blast doors? I want to recover all the bodies for a total inmate count as soon as possible!”
“Yes, Ma’am, my contacts say they’ll be able to bypass the clock on the locking mechanism in twenty.”
“Tell them to take cover, there’s no turning back. The Sinclair is making their attack run now,” Ophelia nodded.
“They understand, Warden. They’re secured within their bunkers.”
“How much time before they fire?”
“Thirty seconds, Ma’am.”
Ophelia rubbed her sweaty hands together as her smile broke across her face. She counted the time as best she could in anticipation of killing the inmates.
“They have targeting solution… the Sinclair is firing their missile barrage, now… fifteen seconds to target!”
 The missiles rocketed from the Sinclair and covered the distance in a short fifteen seconds before impacting at their target location, followed by the Nebula A1 cutting beam.
Red lights lit up on the attendant’s console, displaying the damage from the twelve missiles.
“Target hit, Ma’am!” 
“Excellent! Most excellent!” Ophelia shouted with glee.
 “Our technicians are accessing the courtyard… the gas has cleared; they’re going masks off.”
“Good! Is the slipstep chamber repaired? I need to get down there!”
“Yes, Ma’am, the slipstepper is activated and ready, Ma’am.”
“I will have my comm link active, should you need me for anything. But it looks like I’m leaving this in capable hands.”
“Yes, Ma’am and thank you, Ma’am.”
Effie left the operations room and headed down the corridor to the slipstep chamber. Rounding the corner, she entered the bay. Ignoring the attendant, she entered the chamber and coldly gave the order, “Activate Slipstepper.”
The attendant obliged and sent her down to the mining complex bunker. Exiting the planet side chamber, she met with Colonel Clay, “Ma’am, if you will follow me. My specialist is about to unlock the doors.”
“Yes, I’ve been monitoring our progress. I must say, I am impressed that we have been able to get these doors open sooner than nine more hours!”
 “I have my best men working on it.”
Effie paused before joining back up with the Colonel, “You mean, the doors are still locked?”
“Yes, Ma’am. But, not for long.”
“You should hope not, Colonel Clay, you should hope not.” Effie cautioned, “You better not be wasting my time, or you will suffer…”
Colonel Clay held his hand to his earpiece, “Yes, what is it? Uh-huh… okay… we’re almost there now. Good job, Manning.”
“Who was that?”
“That was Specialist Manning. He’s completed the unlock sequence. The doors are about to open.”
“Good. Good news, indeed. Looks like we’ll get to see the dead inmates first hand.”
“Has anyone ever told you, you are such a magnificent cu--”
Effie cut the colonel off with a stern finger in the air, “There’s no need for that, Colonel. Though, I do thank you for the kind words… I do my best.”
“And you do it well, Ma’am,” Colonel Clay pointed to the center tunnel entrance blast door, “See, it’s opening now.”
The first blast door slid from center to top and bottom before making a clunk. Then the main door unlatched and, with a puff of smoke, separated at the middle and slid apart left and right, exposing the devastation from the Sinclair’s missile strike.
Waving the smoke from his face, Colonel Clay grabbed a light from his belt and lit up the entrance to the tunnel.
“The tunnels are completely destroyed!” Effie clapped with joy, “Tell Commodore Strandberg their attack was a huge success!”
One of Colonel Clay’s men, Sgt. Mcleod, held up a bio-scanner before glancing between Effie and the tunnel, “I wouldn’t be sending my congratulations to him, just yet, Ma’am.”
Ophelia’s smile grew into a frown, “What’s wrong?!”
“There aren’t any bio-signs, Ma’am.”
“Well, of course not, they’re all dead, man!”
“No, there’s nothing, Ma’am,” Sgt. Mcleod corrected, “My scanner would show expired bio-signs. There isn’t anything showing up, except us, Ma’am.”
“Let me see that thing!” Effie shouted as she grabbed the scanner form the sergeant.
She held it up, tapped the side of the device and made several adjustments, “This can’t be right! Give me another scanner! This one must be defective!”
Lieutenant Gibbs handed Effie his bio-scanner. She held the device up and then turned to Colonel Clay and snapped, “They escaped! You let them all escape!”
“No, Ma’am,” Colonel Clay insisted, “We had eyes on that exit the entire time. No one left this tunnel!”
“Well, they all have escaped, Colonel!” Effie screamed, shoving the bio-scanner at his chest. “And the mining complex is destroyed for nothing! Do you realize the number of bureaucratic asses I have to kiss now, Colonel?! It’s not going to be pleasant explaining this! I am holding you and your men totally responsible!”

 

20


-- SC Sinclair


“The Katana has detached from our hull, Commodore,” Lieutenant Hood reported. “They’re on their way to one of those large asteroids nearby.”
Strandberg looked over and answered, “Tell Finnie he can swoop in to collect the inmates shortly.”
“On it, sir,” Lieutenant West acknowledged. “Detention-032 has confirmed the planetary shields are down and we’re ready to make our run.”
“Ensure all personnel has been evacuated from our targeting solution,” Strandberg ordered.
Maddie looked over at Strandberg with a nod, “All personnel are in the clear.”
“Arm main batteries and prepare to fire!” Ordered Strandberg.
Maddie worked her console as she reported, “Targeting Camp Four… Nebula A1 weapon online. Cutting beam charging… missiles locked and ready, sir.”
“We’re entering the planet’s Thermosphere,” Helmsman Ellis reported. “Target will be acquired in five-minutes!”
“Splendid, that should allow enough time for Finnie,” Strandberg nodded.
“It should, Will,” Maddie nodded.
“Four-minutes to target range,” Lieutenant Ellis reported. “Entering the planet stratosphere. Prepare for some chop!”
The Sinclair shook as they entered the planet’s atmosphere. Bearing down on Camp Four, the ship shuttered as it lost altitude.
“Finnigan is back with all fifty inmates,” Maddie reported. “I have target solution!”
“Fire!” Strandberg ordered with resolve.
The ship’s cutting beam fired, leaving a path of destruction along the surface of the main tunnel complex, as it collapsed in on itself. Several missiles exited the bow of the ship and impacted at the end of the tunnel, reducing the rear tunnel exit to rubble before the Sinclair changed course and headed back into orbit.
“Target destroyed, Will,” Maddie smiled.
“Incoming message from D-032,” Lt. West reported.
“Ignore that message, Mister West. Patrick, take us in orbit to the station.”
“Plotting course to station, sir.”
Maddie looked over to Strandberg, “Are you sure about this, Will?”
“Well, it’s now or never,” Strandberg said, growing a slightly worried look, “Isn’t that what you said, Maddie?”
“Arming weapons,” Maddie smiled, “Nebula A1 weapon still online… cutting beam recharging… thirty-seconds to target solution.”
“Steady your course, Mister Ellis. Nav: plot us an escape course to the nebula.”
“Aye, Commodore,” Patrick nodded, “We’ll be in station range in fifteen-seconds.”
“Course plotted. Slipstream drive is online and ready,” Ellis reported.
“Target acquired,” Maddie reported, “Weapons at the ready, Will.”
“Fire at that detention center!”
“Firing!” Maddie shouted as she pressed the sequence on her console.
“Helm, change course… 0-4-0 mark 1-8-0, z-minus thirty degrees!”
Lt. Ellis masterfully turned the ship, “Hard to port! Z-minus thirty-degrees!”
“The cutting beam has sliced the station in half, sir! It’s history!” Maddie shouted.
“Survivors?”
“There are several support ships leaving the burning station. There are survivors, sir,” Maddie answered after reading her console, before the station fragments exploded, sending debris out in all directions.
“Any way to check if Effie made it out?” Strandberg asked.
“According to radio chatter,” Lt. West reported, “She slipstepped planet side a few minutes ago.”
“Damn!” Strandberg cursed, “Too bad! Engage new course and get us outta here, Patrick!”
“Aye, sir! Engaging slipstream drives. Entering slipstream velocities in ten-seconds!”
“Okay, secure from General Quarters!” Strandberg ordered, “How long before we reach the Chase Nebula?”
“Three hours and change,” Lt. Hood reported.
“Maddie, keep your weapons online in case we run into any more Capital ships out here,” Strandberg ordered.
“Understood, Will,” Maddie acknowledged.
“Is there anyone close to us now?”
“Negative, this sector is clear,” assured Maddie.


-- CS Katana


Finnigan with Petra, with an arm wrapped around his waist, appeared with Thor and Bob in his ship’s cargo bay. “We’re baa-aack,” Finnigan shouted.
Bob descended the ladder, “Great news, Finnie! How’d it go?”
Bob grinned with cigar poking out one side of his mouth as he leapt into Finnigan’s arms, “Well, I have Petra back, that’s how it went, my little Chimp-friend. Did ya’ miss me?”
Duncan descended after Bob and turned a smile at Thor, “Thorne, my man! How the heck are ya’ doin’?”
Thor and Duncan briefly shook hands as he answered, “I’m doin’ much better these days. Looks like ol’ Sean Finnigan did it!”
“See?” Finn smiled down on Bob, “I promised everyone that I’d get her back.”
“Yeah, only after some very serious convincing.”
“Now, Bob, you don’t have to be tellin’ on me, about everything, now do ya’?”
Bob scratched his chip and made two hoots, “Well, yeah!”
“You had to think about it, though,” Finnie pointed.
Petra unwrapped her arm from Finnie and grew tears at the sides of her eyes as her mouth began to widen, letting out a loud cry.
“Now, don’t be losin’ any tears, Missy,” Finn assured. 
He lowered Bob to the deck and embraced Petra, “I do have feelin’s for ya’, Miss Petra.”
“You do?” Petra looked up and sniffed twice.
“Sure, Missy, I’ve always had feelin’s…”
“You have?” Petra sniffed once more before drying her tears.
“Sure-sure-sure, now, how’s about tellin’ ol’ Finnie, where the first card is.”
Petra stepped away from Finnigan and turned her back, “I… is that all you really want, Finnie?” Petra sniffed twice more before continuing, “I gotta know if you and me will ever be a thing?”
“Oh, you mean those feelings?”
“Well, of course, Finnie. You said you finally felt something for me.”
“In the heat of the moment, yes. I can honestly say, I did, in fact, feel something…”
“… besides the best damn kiss, you’ve ever had…”
“Right… that second kiss… it was like nothin’ I’ve ever experienced before…”
“Oh, Finnie, you do have feelin’s for me!” 
Petra incased Finnie with both arms and planted his third kiss.
After a few uncomfortable moments, Bob cleared his throat, “Ahem, you wanna cut it out, already?”
Finnigan separated from Petra’s seductive lips, “Yep, I can honestly say, you really do kiss good.”
He held the back of his sleeve to his lips before wiping her slobber.
“So, now I can honestly tell you.”
“Tell me, yes, tell me about the card,” Finnigan said, hiding his smile.
“No, I mean, you won’t be upset with me when I tell you…”
“Why would I be upset?”
 “… I don’t remember where or who has it?”
“What?!” Finnie exclaimed.
“I know the memories are in there somewhere, but I can’t recall them…”
“Recall them?” Finnie said, motioning with his arms, “You can’t recall, where this little jewel of a card is?”
Petra began to cry with large tears dripping down her face.
“Ah, now look what ya’ did!” Duncan protested. “I thought you said you wouldn’t make her cry?”
To which Petra cried even louder.
“Oh, c’mon now, Petra,” Finnie attempted to calm her. “I’m sure you’ll remember where it tis, soon enough.”
Petra turned into Finnie’s arms, “So, you’re not upset with me?”
“Nah, you said your memories are in there somewhere, that’s good enough for me.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, sure thing, Missy. Besides, I’m sure Bob can extract those memories for ya’.”
“Bob?!” Petra protested, “You gonna let Bob inside my head?”
“Well, at least there’ll be someone inside your head that can find it,” Finn retorted.
“But it’s not me!”
“Wait, what?” Finnigan glanced at Petra.
“You want someone inside my head, and not me.”
“If it’ll help… seein’ you can’t remember for yourself…”
“So, your answer is to damage my braincells even more, just to get my memory of this stupid card?”
“C’mon, Petra,” Bob insisted, “Let me inside your head, please?”
“You stay outta my head, Bob!”
“It’s perfectly safe,” Bob explained, “I used it on Strandberg, and he kept his mind intact.”
“That’s comforting…”
“Oh, now, my little Miss Petra,” Finnigan added, “Bob here is really good. His CYBERS is very advanced.”
“How reassuring…”
“Oh, now, little Missy. It’ll be fine…”
Finnigan was interrupted by several alarms coming from the bridge.
Bob turned and grew a worried look, “That’s not good!”
“What is it, Bob?”
“That’s a proximity alert! We’ve been scanned!”
“Okay, everyone! To your stations! Let’s find out who we gots out there!”
Bob climbed the ladder to the bridge first, followed by an eager Finnigan, “Well, Bob? What’s on our scanner?”
Finnigan climbed into the pilot seat as Bob read his screen, “It’s a ship in the Obsidian Cluster. I’m barely able to detect it.”
“How close are we to that asteroid field?” Finnie asked.
“Close enough for a ship to scan us, Finnie,” Bob replied.
Duncan climbed up after Finn with Petra and Thor close behind.
“It’s about thirty minutes out,” Bob reported. “There’s two ships, actually.”
“Two?” Finn questioned.
“Well, one appears disabled…” Bob grew a worried look, “Um, Finnie?”
“Who is it, Bob?”
“I’m not sure about one of them, but the other is the Trident.”
“What?”
“I said, the other is the Trident!”
“I heard you the first time, Bob!”
“Then why did you ask again?”
“Is there something wrong with your chip?”
“No, not that I’m aware, Finnie. Why?”
“Because I was just exclaiming…”
“And I was just being an ass.”
“Well, what the hell is the Trident doing in the Obsidian Cluster?”
“I don’t know, Finnie. Why don’t you try to ask them?”
“Are we close enough for voice comms?”
“Nope. Not with all that magnetic interference from the Cluster!”
“Duncan: change course and bring us into that asteroid field.”
“You got it, Finnie,” Duncan smiled, “Finally, some action!”
“Now, I’m picking up weapons fire… The Trident is under attack!” Bob shouted before hooting.
“Can you get us there any faster? That’s Allie’s ship!” Finn reacted.
“And Brody is still on board!” Duncan panicked, “I’m pouring on the coals, Finnie! Activating the Plasma Thruster Packs!”
“Good!” Finnigan answered, “Time to find out if those micro bursts are as good as Keegan says!”
“We’ll be there in ten-minutes!” Bob reported.
“Petra: I need you and Thor to man the guns!”
“We’re on it, Finnie,” Petra nodded as she strapped down in one of the bridge seats.
Thor squeezed into one seat and struggled with the straps, “Ah, ta’ hell with it! I’m activating our Nebula cutting beam!”
“Manning the forward turrets,” Petra nodded, “We’re ready!”
“Hold us steady, Duncan, while I try to raise the Trident!”
“Holding course… micro burst is gonna get us there in five, Finnie!” Duncan panicked.
“Good!” Finnie nodded as he fiddled with the control panel, “Allie, Allie, do you read me? It’s Finnie! Come in!”
The radio static was cut through with Brody’s voice, “It is real good ta’ hear your voice, Finnie!”
“I’ll bet it is. What’s goin’ on over there?”
“It is space cruiser… … comms going down… hurry…”
“What is it, Finnie,” Duncan asked.
“I don’t know. Their comms have been jammed. But there is a space cruiser that’s attacking.”
“Another pirate ship?” Petra asked.
“Maybe,” Finnigan answered, “It is a cruiser, and most pirates use them these days.”
“Well,” Petra added, “It’s not a freelancer or privateer. They each use cargo ships or light weight space ships. Never space cruisers.”
“Good point, Petra,” Finnie smiled her way, “Just target and fire when we’re close enough.”
“I’m on it, Finnie,” Petra smiled, “Gee, it sure feels good to be back with ya’.”
“Yeah, likewise, I’m sure,” Finnigan grimaced.
“I’ve got a transponder code,” Bob smiled, “I was able to hack through their stealth.”
“Okay, I’m waiting…” Finnigan impatiently asked.
Bob shot Finnie a stare before continuing, “Ship goes by SC Utopis.”
“Can you raise them?”
“Yeah, we’re almost in range now, Finnie. Give me another minute.”
“We’re gonna need to slow down,” Duncan reported. “Too many asteroids to navigate at any slipstream speeds.”
“Take us in the cluster, Duncan, and keep holding the micro burst until we’re right on top of ‘em!”
“I’ll do what I can, Finnie; but, I can’t promise to avoid all them rocks out here!”
“I got the comm link, Finnie! Go ahead!”
“Thank you, Bob,” Finnigan cleared his throat, “Attention, SC Utopis! This is SC Katana. Why are you firing upon fellow pirates?”
“They broke off their attack on the Trident and have changed course to intercept!” Duncan protested.
“Good! Seems as if they’re not in a talking mood, right now. How’s about we change their minds, shall we? Open fire!” Finn ordered.
“Acquiring target solution,” Thor reported, “Cutting beam is charged and ready!”
“Whoops, they’re firing their Nebula A1 weapons!” Finnigan gasped as he grabbed his controls and turned the ship, “Hard to port! Hard to port!!”
The cutting beam missed them as they turned, “Slowing from slipstream to plasma ion thruster packs!” Duncan reported.
The Katana opened fire on the approaching cruiser as the two ships turned new headings, trying to hit one and miss the incoming cutting beams.
Petra turned the forward turrets ahead of the Utopis and opened fire on several large asteroids. The rapid-fire shells impacted the asteroid and broke off chunks, sending them in the way of the approaching space cruiser.
“Nice one, Petra!” Thor shouted.
“They’re changing course to avoid those new asteroids!” Bob reported.
“I’ve got them in my sights,” Thor laughed as he pressed his cutting beam.
The Nebula cutting beam intersected with one of the Utopis’ engines, cutting a line across. Plasma ignited from the engine, as they turned from any further damage from the Katana’s deadly cutting beam.
“Direct hit!” Thor reported.
“I can confirm that, Finnie,” Bob hooted, “they’re turning tail and runnin’! Wooot, hoo-hooo-hooo-hooooo!”
“Incoming message from the Utopis, Finn,” Duncan reported.
“Put it on. Let’s see who the hell this is, anyway!” Finn said with raised brow.
The static interrupted over the speakers with an angry, yet, familiar voice, “FINNIGAN! I’m coming back for ya’!”
“Kippinger?” Finnie asked, “Is that you?”
“Yes, it’s me, Finnigan! That’s K… I… double P… I… N… G… E… R! I’m comin’ back for ya’, Finnigan! Just you wait! I will!”
“Okay, that’s nice, Kippinger with a double P.”
“He broke off the channel, Finnie,” Bob nodded. “They just slipstreamed out of the Cluster.”
“Open a channel to the Trident!”
“I’m tryin’, Finnie!”
Finnigan took the controls, “I’m circling around. Gettin’ us as close as we can to cut through this static!”
“Who’s Kippinger?” Petra asked.
“He’s kind of the one Brody and I ran into on Sultanna.”
“He’s got a ship now?” Duncan protested. “That’s not good, Finnie!”
“You’re tellin’ me!” Finnigan scowled.
“I’m finally cuttin’ through all this static,” Bob smiled. “Allie, Allie, do you read us?”
“Yes, Bob,” Allie’s voice echoed over the remaining static, “Thank you for comin’ to our rescue!”
“How bad is it, Allie?” Finnigan asked.
“Our engines are down. Weapons all offline. Shields held up good, we’ve got no structural damage.”
“Good to hear. Say, what’s the story with this Kippinger dude?”
“Seems like he’s got some kind of vendetta or something. You’ll have to talk to Brody about it. He was talking to this so-called Captain.”
“Yeah, Brody, can you put him on?”
“Sure, one sec.”
“’We’re comin’ alongside the Trident,” Petra reported.
“Brody here, Finnie. Da, me think Kipp is real mad at us.”
 “Tell me he didn’t acquire a pirate cruiser, just to come after me?”
“He did, but found Trident first.”
“Scoundrel! How’d he get his hands on a pirate ship, anyway?”
“Da’, Kipp is scoundrel, dat for sure, Finnie.”
“I can send Bob over to help with repairs. We should get out of this cluster as soon as we can.”
Bob unbuckled his harness and climbed from his seat. “Fire up the slipstepper. I can be right over.”
“Thank you, Bob,” Allie said, breaking in over Brody.
“Petra: keep those scanners hot. Let me know if Kippinger returns. I want to be ready.”
“You got it Finnie,” Petra smiled across from her station.

21


-- SC Sinclair


“We’re crossing the Trini Trade Lanes boarder in five,” Lt. Ellis reported.
“What’s our current speed?” Strandberg asked.
“FTL-5, sir.”
“Scans clear?” Strandberg again asked.
Maddie glanced up from her console, “We’re still clear in this sector. We may pick up traffic in the trade lanes, once we’re closer.”
“Helm,” Strandberg pointed, “watch for traffic as we enter.”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Ellis nodded.
“If we scan any traffic,” Lt. Hood added, “I’ll send the helm course corrections around them.”
“Very well, Lieutenant Hood.”
“I’ll be able to increase our scanning gain once we reduce speed through the trade lanes,” Maddie reported.
Strandberg turned to Maddie, “How are our guests doing below?”
Maddie continued working her console as she answered Strandberg, “Sergeant Fulton is working with Levi and arming all our guests.”
“Do they have any assignments, as yet?”
“At this slipstream velocity, we won’t hear back from anyone,” Maddie’s head shook.
“Below FTL and our comms will receive again, Will,” Lt. West explained.
“One minute to crossing,” Ellis reported.
“Prepare to return to normal speeds,” Strandberg ordered.
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Slone nodded, “Plasma ion drive is online. Ready to leave slipstream on your orders.”
“Thirty-seconds,” Lt. Ellis reported in cadence.
“Take us out of slipstream,” Strandberg ordered with pointed finger.
Ellis continued working his controls, “Transitioning to sub-light speeds in three… two… one… slipstream is offline. Plasma ion drives are activated.”
“We’re entering the Trini Trade Lanes, now,” Lt. Ellis reported.
Strandberg turned to Maddie once more, “Increase scanning gain, Maddie. Let’s see who’s near us.”
Maddie’s eyebrows raised as she read her screen, “Gain is expanding scan range… wait one… picking up another Capital ship… bearing 0-2-5 Mark 1-6-0. Intercept course, Will.”
Strandberg shot forward, “Can you scan who’s ship it is?”
“Picking up transponder codes… confirming CS Yucatan,” Maddie reported.
“Ah, Reggie’s ship!”
“Yes, sir,” Maddie said, “Captain Reginald Joyce. He’s good, Will.”
“Yes, he certainly is. I just hope he’s not been made aware of our treason.”
“What are your orders?” Lt. Ellis asked.
“Well, Patrick,” Strandberg began, “It’s always customary for any Capital ships to make contact. So, I suggest we open a channel and I’ll put on my best game face.”
“What about the auto link, of our two ships, once we get close enough? They’ll have access to all our logs,” Maddie protested.
“What would you suggest?” Strandberg asked.
“I suggest we take our systems off the link. Tell them we had some damage to our network, if they ask why our linkup is down,” Maddie offered.
“That’s good as any,” Strandberg nodded. “Just be ready to take any evasive actions if they’re on to us, already.”
“I would think, sir.” Lt. Hood said, “Since you’re the fleet Commodore, they won’t question you.”
“Not unless they received any sub-space messages from Llorix-7,” Strandberg added.
“We’re in comm range, sir,” Lt. West reported.
Strandberg stood from his command seat, “Okay people, here we go. Open the channel.”
“Channel open, sir,” Lt. West confirmed. “This is CS Sinclair, come in, Yucatan. Do you copy? I have Commodore Strandberg for Captain Joyce.”
“Stand by Sinclair,” the radio crackled, “I have the Captain, go ahead, sirs.”
“Reggie!” Strandberg bellowed, “How the hell are ya’ these days?”
“We’re doing good, Will, doing good. Is the situation under control at Llorix-7?”
“Situation was handled. We took out all the prisoners as a lesson to the rest.”
“That’s good news, Will.”
Strandberg gave a silent thumbs up toward Maddie.
“So, Reggie, what’s been happening out here in the trade lanes? Seeing any activity?”
“We ran across two pirate ships recently, Will. They disabled the STS Wellington. We missed reaching them by minutes.”
“Do you need any help tracking them down? Do you have ship ID’s?”
“Yeah, I’m being told that we can’t transmit any data. Is your uplink down?”
“Yeah, we had some damage during our attack run back on Llorix-7. Glitchy system won’t stay online right now. I’ve got a crew on it, though. Can you tell me who you ran into?
“Right, right. Okay, it was Captain Finnigan, flying the Katana. She’s a stolen cruiser. They had company. We’re not familiar with the ship’s Captain, but they were flying with a ship called the Trident. We’ve run into them on a number of occasions. One time, we almost had them, but that Captain always gets away.”
“I see. Did you get a fix where Captain Scott was headed?”
“They always escape into the Chase Nebula,” Captain Joyce paused, “Wait, how do you know Captain Scott?”
“Oh, well, we ran into her ship once. I’m not surprised that pirate was able to evade your tactics,” Strandberg said, nervously clearing his throat.
“She never told me she’d ever run into any other Capital ships out here.”
“Well, doesn’t that just figure? A pirate that lies.”
“No, seriously, computer analysis of her voice patterns indicated she has not run into anyone but my ship.”
“Well, these pirates are pretty crafty. I’ll bet she has CYBERS protocol.”
“She? Commodore, there isn’t any way you could know this pirate is a she, sir.”
“Are you questioning me, Reggie?”
“Something isn’t lining up. That’s all, sir. I really don’t mean any disrespect, but… oh, wait one… my comm officer is receiving an incoming transmission. It’s addressed to all Capital ships of the GSF…”
“Mute us,” Strandberg whispered.
“We’re muted… and we received the same incoming message,” Lt. West reported.
“He’s suspicious, already,” Strandberg whispered. “What’s the message?”
“One moment, sir,” West nodded, “We can’t play the message until it’s finished downloading.”
“Well, then at least they’ll have the same issue,” Strandberg sighed with relief.
“I’m getting the message now, sir. It’s on overhead,” West reported.
“…Massive attack at Llorix-7… I repeat,” the irritated Warden’s voice echoed over the speakers, “The Orbital Station, Detention-032 has been destroyed. Request immediate assistance…”
The message crackled static as Effie’s voice attempted to cut through the sub-space distortions and radiation.
“There’s not much else clear enough to hear, sir,” Lt. West reported.
“Well, that’s fortunate for us,” Strandberg said, returning to his command seat.
“Yes, sir,” West smiled before his console lit up, “The Yucatan is hailing us.”
“Switch the channel and put it on,” Strandberg ordered with pointed finger.
“Channel open, go ahead, sirs.”
“Reggie.”
“Commodore, what do you make of that message? Were you able to get anything out of it?”
“No, unfortunately all this sub-space radiation is deteriorating the message. All we could make out is the Orbital Station is gone.”
“They were under attack, Commodore. We should change course and head to Llorix-7 and find out what happened. We’re only a few hours away at top slipstream.”
Strandberg grew a worried look as he thought about his next move.
“Commodore? Did you copy me?”
“Yes, Reggie, I copy. However, we have no idea what force has attacked. We could be walking right into a trap. I suggest we split up and recruit more Capital ships before heading to Llorix-7.”
“You may be right, Commodore. What are your orders, Will?”
“Take the Yucatan and follow these trade lanes. There should be another Capital ship about every hour marker. I’ll take the Sinclair and go in the opposite direction toward the Obsidian Cluster to enlist another ship from that location. You should remain in voice range while within the trade lanes link relays. Once you’ve made contact, we’ll rendezvous here before making our way to Llorix-7.”
“Very good, Commodore. I’m having my navigator plot our course. I’ll contact you in an hour to report if we’ve met up with any more Capital ships.”
“Acknowledged, Yucatan. Sinclair out.”
“The channel is cut, sir,” Lt. West reported.
“I’m setting course for the Obsidian cluster now,” Lt. Hood nodded.
“Follow that course until the Yucatan is out of scanner range,” Strandberg began, “then change course and beat-feet to the Chase Nebula.”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Ellis obediently executed. “Course changed toward the Obsidian Cluster. Increasing speed to Slipstream-1.”
“The Yucatan will be out of our scan range in five minutes,” Maddie reported.
“Picking up a lot of radio chatter, sir,” Lt. West reported.
“What kind of chatter?” Strandberg asked.
“It’s all pretty rough, but it’s calling out for the destruction of the ships that took Detention-032 down,” West explained.
“Are they saying who, yet?” Asked Strandberg.
Lt. West continued monitoring his screen, “Some are speculating it was a wave of three pirate cruisers. So far, nobody is saying it was a Capital ship.”
“That’s good news for us, right, Maddie?” Strandberg asked of his tactical officer.
“Right, Will. As long as they don’t report it was us, we’re good. I’m picking up a ship ahead on our long-range scanners,” Maddie reported.
“Can you read the type?” Strandberg asked.
“Almost got it, Will,” Maddie added, “It’s a cruiser. Pirate origin.”
“How long before we’re in comm range?”
“About thirty seconds,” Lt. Hood answered.
Strandberg returned to his feet, “Can we hail them? Maybe discuss our status’n all?”
“Hailing them now, sir,” Lt. West reported.
“I am reading that it’s the SC Utopis,” Maddie reported.
“Do we have its captain listed?”
“No, Will,” Maddie continued, “It’s listed as a stolen cruiser.”
“Come again?”
“Yeah, Captain Skyler actually reported this pirate ship was stolen,” Maddie answered, now her eyebrows were raised.
“And they took the report?” Strandberg scoffed.
“The GSF is so large,” Maddie explained, “I doubt they even realized it.”
“So, it appears pirates get pirated, themselves,” Strandberg chuckled.
“Our hails are being answered, sir,” Lt. West reported.
Strandberg stepped over to West’s console, “Are we in voice range yet?”
“Yes, sir, putting him through now,” West answered.
“This is Captain Kippinger of the Utopis. This is a confiscated pirate ship, by the authority given me by Outpost Sultana. Capital Ship Sinclair: I have the location of two wanted pirate ships! Do you read me?”
“This is Commodore Strandberg of the CS Sinclair. What ships do you know about and where are they?”
“The Katana and Trident are seeded just inside the Obsidian Cluster. The Katana is Captained by, the scum pirate, Sean Finnigan! He’s wanted back on Sultana. You can find them somewhere between AB325 and AB340.”
“Do you have coordinates of those Asteroid Bodies?” Strandberg quizzed.
“Yes, stand by. I’ll transmit those coordinates,” Kippinger replied, “Wait a minute! Why is your uplink down?”
“Sorry, we had a minor run in. Those systems are currently offline.”
Maddie grew a worried look before glancing over to Strandberg, “We’ve got more company, Will,” Maddie whispered, “and the natives don’t look friendly!”
“Who we got now?” Strandberg made his way to Maddie’s console.
“It’s the Yucatan with the Marksman on an intercept course… weapons hot!”
“Wow, okay, then,” Strandberg nodded, before shouting, “Battle stations, everyone! Helm, full speed to plasma ion drives. I need a five-second microburst hard to port and head to that Nebula!”
“On it, sir!” Lt. Ellis said, squeezing the control tighter.
“Hey!” Kippinger protested, over the comm, “Where you goin’?!”
“Fire at that ship!” Strandberg ordered.
“Firing two missiles at the Utopis…” Maddie nodded.
“Turning hard to port,” Lt. Ellis shouted.
The two missiles left the bow of the Sinclair as they turned from the Utopis. Kippinger veered away and changed course back toward the Cluster.
“Course engaged to the Chase Nebula!” Ellis again shouted. “Slipstream velocities at FTL-5!”
“Now I know why the pirates named this the Chase Nebula,” Strandberg nodded.
“Why’s that, Will,” Maddie asked.
“Because we were always chasing them into it.”
“Good one, Will,” Maddie laughed.
“What’s our ETA to the Nebula,” Strandberg asked, “And will the Yucatan catch us?”
“They’re pacing us, sir,” Maddie reported, “but they won’t catch us. Two minutes.”
“What about following us into the Nebula?” Strandberg offered.
“I’d say that’s a possibility,” Maddie nodded, studying her console, “Our auto-lock sequences will be useless and our Nebula A1 weapon will function… but, without targeting, it won’t do much good.”
“But not probable,” Strandberg nodded, “Capital ships typically don’t follow in fear they’ll run into more, making them outmatched.”
“But Captain Joyce isn’t your typical GSF Captain, either,” Maddie added.
“Incoming message from the Yucatan,” Lt. West reported.
Strandberg sat back in his command seat, “Put it up.”
“Message on overhead,” West confirmed.
“This is Captain Joyce of the GSF. Commodore, what’s the meaning of this? I’ve been informed by Captain Marriott of the Marksman, that your ship is wanted for treason and that you have mutineers onboard?”
“He said that, did he?”
“I order you to disengage your slipstream and come along side to us. By order from Central GSF Command, I am placing you and your crew under arrest. We need to investigate these charges. Stand down or we’ll disable your ship, Commodore!”
“Now, now, Captain Joyce… Reggie… don’t get all caught up in GSF politics. I assure you, I’m in full command. There isn’t any such thing going on here.”
“I have my orders, Will.”
“They’re firing Plasma Thruster Packs for a several second microburst,” Maddie reported, “They’re trying to lock on with their Nebula A1 cutting beam!”
“Sorry, Reggie, I can’t stay and dine tonight…” Strandberg said, “Cut this channel!”
“Thirty-seconds to the Nebula,” Lt. Ellis reported.
“We’re beginning to enter the Nebula’s distortion field,” Lt. Hood explained, “That should keep them from getting a lock until we’re inside!”
The Sinclair shook as the Yucatan resolved their target lock and fired the deadly cutting beam.
“We just crossed into the Nebula, sir!” Ellis shouted before wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“Can you scan them?” Strandberg asked, “Are they following?”
“Negative, Will,” Maddie reported, “they broke slipstream and are holding position just outside the distortion field. They’ll not find us, now.”
“Good. Plot us a course,” Strandberg came to the navigation console and drew with his finger on the screen, “Follow this Nebula down far enough to reach the Obsidian Cluster.”
“I’m on it, sir.” Lt. Hood smiled with relief, “Plotting new course… sending to helm.”
West punched in his commands, “Helm receiving new course. ETA two hours.”

22


-- SC Katana


“Hey, Allie,” Finnigan asked over his comm link, “how’s Bob coming with your repairs?”
“Yeah, Finn,” Allie responded, “Bob’s really good at what he does. He’s almost finished the starboard engine already.”
Petra glanced from her console, “Ask her how long Bob will take for the port side? I just picked up a blip a bit farther inside this cluster.”
“What’s that you’re spyin’, there, Petra?” Finnie asked with concern.
“I don’t know yet, but it’s too small to be a ship.”
“Duncan, what do you make of it?”
“I’m broadening our scanner gain. You should be able to zoom in on it now, Miss Petra,” Duncan answered, “But you’re right, it’s no ship.”
“Okay, I’m scanning now. It’s a small EVR life boat… no weapons to worry about, but I’d have Bob step it up.”
“Hey, Miss Petra,” Bob sounded over the comm, “Have Finnie head on in for it. Brody says he’s scanning two life signs. We’ll be okay for now. Allie has some maneuverability on one engine now.”
“Yeah, Bob’s right, Finn.” Petra nodded, “There are two life signs aboard.”
“Okay, Allie, we’ll be right back. Keep this channel open for as long as possible.”
“Will’co, Finn. But we estimate we’ll drop your comms in two minutes.”
“Duncan, how far away is this lifeboat?”
“I’m showing ten minutes. She’s adrift. Now, they’re gettin’ pulled into a large fragment. Seems it’s got a good amount of gravity in there.”
“Changing course, now! Petra, man those forward turrets and blast anything that I can’t navigate around.”
“Turrets are fully loaded and armed, Finn,” Petra turned up a smile, “Gee, this is just like old times, ain’t it, Finn?”
“Yeah, like old times, alright. You just keep a finger on that trigger.”
“Well, you know what would make me more at ease?”
“What’s that, Missy?” Finnigan answered, as he steered around several asteroid fragments. 
“A few snorts of some rum. Ease the nerves, it would.”
“I’m way ahead of ya, Miss Petra,” Finnigan smiled, as he reached down into his left boot.
“That’s what I love about ya… you’re always prepared.”
Finnigan uncorked the bottle and let it float in front of him, “Will ya’ look at that? Stay focused, mateys, it looks like that gravitational force is already a-pullin’ on the Katana.”
“I’m compensating with inertial dampeners,” Duncan reported.
Tipping the bottle to his lips, Finnigan took a long swig, gulped, and took one more swig before watching the floating cork make its way toward Petra’s station.
“Heads up, Missy,” Finnigan smiled as he sent the bottle over to Petra.
“Much obliged, Finnie,” Petra said, catching the bottle and putting it up to her lips, “ahhh, much better… Duncan, you ready?”
“Yeah Miss Petra, Toss that one on over here.”
Petra cautiously sent the bottle floating toward Duncan before catching the slower moving cork.
Duncan captured the bottle and took two swigs, himself, before catching the tossed cork from Petra. He capped the bottle and stuffed it into his boot.
“Now hold on there, honcho. Don’t be hoggin’ that bottle over there!” Finn exclaimed.
“Well, don’t you go worryin’ about this here hooch, Finnie.” Duncan said, wiping his lips dry with his sleeve, “Let’s get to our target first, m’kay?”
“I fly better with one hand…”
“… on the bottle… yes, we all know,” Petra smugly answered.
“Well, that’s just the plain truth of the matter, Missy.”
“We’re gettin’ closer,” Petra reported.
“And we just lost the Trident’s signal. They’re on their own,” Duncan nodded.
“I’ve got a visual on the lifeboat, Finnie,” Petra pointed, “They’re in some kind of graviton beam.” She turned to Finn, asking, “Do they have comms?”
“Not picking anything up. Might not be equipped.”
“Or they’re unconscious,” Finnie added.
“Either way, we’re getting close enough to latch on with our beam,” Petra said, working her console.
“Duncan, can you reel them to us? Petra: fire on that rather large boulder! Inbound at ten o-clock!
The Katana ripped a stream of rapid-fire shells at the approaching asteroid body as Finnie grew closer to the stranded lifeboat. Asteroid fragments split apart and shot outward away from the Katana and the lifeboat.
“That graviton beam is giving me some problems, Finnie.” Duncan reported, “I get a lock and then it pulled out of the beam.”
“I’ll get us closer,” Finnigan said as he steered the ship through the asteroid field, “stand by…”
“I prefer to sit,” Duncan chuckled.
 “Wise-ass--”
“I got ‘em!” Duncan said, interrupting his Captain.
“Good, reel ‘em on in the cargo hold.”
“I’m reelin’, I’m reelin’…”
“Finnie,” Petra began, “There’s something big down there.”
“On that rock?”
“Yeah, I’m gettin’ all kinds of energy spikes. I don’t think we should stick around any longer than we have to.”
“Almost got ‘em,” Duncan reported.
The Katana shuttered and jolted, sending the crew lurching forward in their seats.
“What was that?” Petra protested as she aimed at the large rock in front of them.
“I don’t know, Missy, but it’s got us now!”
“Got us?!” Duncan shouted, “Whattya mean, it’s got us?”
“We’re being pulled into that rock, that’s what I mean!”
“We’ve got the life boat secured!” Duncan yelled, “Get us outta here!”
Finnie raised his eyebrows as he slammed the throttle full forward and turned the ship away from the approaching asteroid body.
Duncan reached into his boot, took the bottle and nodded over to Finn, “Think fast!”
Finnigan looked away from his controls, only to see the glistening rum bottle being tossed from Duncan toward him.
The bottle shot backward and crashed into the bulkhead, shattering the bottle and spilling the golden liquid within across the side of the ship.
“Ah nuts!” Finnigan shouted, “That trick only works toward you, not this way… Besides, always float the cork first, that way you know what way the wave goes.”
“Sorry, Finnie,” Duncan shrugged.
“We can’t make escape velocity! Go greet our guests down below, Duncan! I’ll keep tryin to pull us out. Petra, open fire on that rock!”
“Oh Finnie,” Petra nervously answered, “I don’t think that’s a very good idea…”
“We’re gonna crash into that rock, unless you can blow us a hole through!”
“It’s bigger than an asteroid, Finnie,” Petra shrieked.
Duncan unbuckled and engaged his magnetic boots before making his way to the ladder.
Petra swung her turrets around and pressed the trigger, “I’ll try!”
Hundreds of exploding rounds left the Katana, only to detonate behind them, causing major shaking and rocking of the ship.
“Okay, okay, cease fire, already!”
“The rounds are no good, Finnie!” Petra panicked, “What are we gonna do!”
“I suggest you hold on to something,” Finnigan grew a determined look across his face, “There’s an opening! I’m going to take us in!”
“In to where?!” Petra protested.
“I don’t know, inside there?” Finnigan pointed.
Finnigan turned the Katana and aimed the ship toward the small opening in the side of the asteroid as Duncan climbed the ladder with the guest and one orange-haired orangutan.
“Find a seat and hold on,” Finnigan shouted as the opening sped toward them.
Duncan’s eyebrows raised and then climbed into his seat, “Take those seats over there,” Duncan pointed, “Strap down hard!”
“Yah, I will agree as we see an impending doom!” the guest nervously said.
“What’s your name, Matey?”
“I am Captain Skyler. The Utopis was mine, but that security officer stole it!”
“How does a ship get stolen when you’re still in possession?” Finn asked as the asteroid closed in.
“Comin’ in a little hot, aren’t ya!?” Petra protested, pushing deeper into her seat.
“Na’, I got this, Missy.”
The orangutan took a seat next to Skyler and strapped down.
“What’s the matter?” Finnigan asked, “Cat got your orangutan’s tongue?”
“He’s doesn’t have a CYBERS yet.”
“Ah, what’s his function on your ship?”
“Communications.”
“How’s that work if he can’t talk?”
“He signs.”
“He signs?”
“Yes.”
“How does that work across a comm link?”
“Visually, Captain, visually.”
“I see, well, I don’t know how.”
“Bob knows how to sign,” Petra added.
“Great, thanks, Miss Petra. I’ll have him talk to him when he rejoins us.”
“Look out!” Petra yelled.
The Katana shook as it neared the opening in the asteroid, lurching the crew forward against their harnesses, before the ship turned silent.
Petra looked over at Finnigan, “What the hell just happened?”
Finn looked over his console and out the forward view, “I think we landed.”
“Landed where?” Skyler begged.
“It appears we’re inside the asteroid on a landing platform.”
“I’m receiving a comm link, Finnie,” Petra said with raised eyebrows.
“Well, put whoever it is on speakers…”
“Ahoy.”
“Ahoy?” Finnigan answered, “Who the hell are you and where in the hell are we?”
“Yes, yes, lots of questions. Sorry about not letting you know I’m down here. It’s the asteroid field. Causes no end of sub-space static.”
“No kidding… and who are you, again?”
“Allow me to introduce myself to you,” the man said, “My name is Benton Drakes and Welcome to my, very own, Freelancer base within this here Obsidian Cluster.”
“Charming place ya’ gots here. So, mind tellin’ me why you brought us down here… against our will… and don’t forget, we’re pirates, so you better just watch yourself, Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!”
“You don’t scare me, Mister Pirate. I’ve run into your kind befor--”
Finnigan interrupted the man, “Excuse me, but you’ve not run into the likes of me, before!”
“There’s no need to grow hostile, Mister Pirate Captain…”
“Finnigan… Captain Sean Finnigan, that’s F… I… double N… I… G… A… N.”
“… Captain Finnigan, yes.”
“Perhaps, you’ve heard of me?” Finnigan proudly smiled.
“No. Can’t say that I have.”
Finnigan’s smile faded, “Just tell me what you want? We’ve got places to go, people to see.”
“I know, I know, being a pirate is very taxing on time resources.”
“Boy, don’t you know it.” Finnigan pointed at the comm, as he glanced at Petra, “This one, he understands.”
“Uh-huh,” Petra muttered. “So, Captain Drakes, or can we just call you Ben?”
“Captain Drakes, if you will. Yes, well, you see, I don’t get many visitors down here, so I have to snag them when one comes along.”
“Snag? Still sounds like against our will,” Finnigan added.
“No, no, you see, you’ll be free to go, just as soon as I ask if you have any goods for trade.”
Finnie stroked his chin, “Did you say, trade?”
“Yes, yes, of course. I am in need of various resources. I’ve got lots of different currency.”
“You have Republic Notes?”
“Why, yes, yes, I have a large cache of RN’s. What you got in stock that might be on my list?”
“We’ve got several crates full of miscellaneous electronics. There are also a few sets of Bio-Braces.”
“Really? See, we might be able to strike up a deal, after all.”
“Duncan will be happy to transmit our manifest.”
“Great, I’ll be happy to look it over.”
“I’m sending it on over to you now,” Duncan reported.
“Excellent, excellent. One moment while I scan the document for my list of needs.”
“You think this guy’s gonna buy our loot?”
“We can only hope,” Duncan smiled, “He’s received the manifest.”
“Just don’t go inviting him aboard just yet, Finnie,” Petra cautioned, “I’m beginning to smell a rat.”
“Rats? Really, Petra, where?”
“This guy,” Petra again cautioned, “This, Captain Drakes, he’s a Freelancer. Can’t trust the lot of ‘em.”
“Well now,” Captain Drakes began, “I’ll take the entire hold. Seems as though, everything on my list is exactly what you have.”
“See?” Finnigan smiled over to Duncan and Petra, “He’s gonna take the entire hold.”
“You never discussed price, Finn,” Petra leaned over and whispered.
“So, you want the entire lot, how much you gonna pay in Republic Notes?”
“For the entire lot, including the Bio-Braces, I’ll transfer three-hundred-thousand RN’s.”
“Three-hundred…” Finnigan paused, “Thousand… you sure about that?”
“Yup. You should see what these bio-braces will sell for on the open market. I’ll still make a killin’.”
Finnigan whispered back to Duncan, “This will be exactly how much I need to square up with Max.”
“Finnie, I’d tread carefully,” Petra advised.
“I’ll take it,” Finnigan shouted over the comm.
“Good, good. Just have to slipstep the cargo to my hold and you can be on your way.”
“Wait just a minute.”
“Is there a problem, Captain Finnigan?”
“How about I send you the cargo to your hold, once I’ve received the credit transfer. I mean, after all, your graviton beam is still holding us here.”
“I’m not afraid of you not delivering the goods, not at all.”
“Okay, then go ahead and send the RN’s and you’ll have your cargo.”
“I’m sure it’ll take you a little longer to offload all these crates, so, maybe you can get started while I prepare the transaction.”
“No credits, no bootie.”
“Well, Mister Finnigan, I can see you drive a very hard bargain… but, I do insist on offloading before the transaction is complete.”
“I though you trusted me, Captain Drakes.”
“I do, I do, it’s just…”
“… just what? What is it already?”
“You’ve got Sylvina the Slayer with you, don’t you?”
“Yes, I’m right here,” Petra answered, “What of it?”
“Well, she’s the one I’m mostly worried about. She might slipstep over and--”
“--and slay ya’?” Petra asked, cutting off Drakes, “Is that what ya’ think?”
“Well, rumor has it…”
“I was set up, Ben…”
“…Captain Drakes,” he reminded.
“I’d be sayin’ you should do as ol’ Finnigan says, before I turn on ya’, then.”
“Okay, fine, fine… I’m transferring the RN’s in a moment.”
“You say you’re a Freelancer?”
“Why yes, yes, I am.”
“You lookin’ for work, by chance?”
“Depends on the fee, really.”
“I thought Freelancer indicated you work for free.”
“Yeah, no. Freelancer means I don’t work for anyone else, including any GSF.”
“I see. Well, I do have a task that might shave off some of those Republic Notes.”
“How much and what?”
Finnigan cupped his hand over his mouth and whispered, “See? I got him right where I want him.”
“How can you be so sure?” Petra quizzed, as she whispered in return.
“It’s how he answered.” Finnigan again whispered, “He was more concerned with the bounty than the task itself.” Then Finn returned his attention to Captain Drakes, “Fifty-thousand RN’s for tracking down our guest’s ship, the Utopis. Now piloted by a guy named Kippinger… that’s with two p’s.”
“Who is this Kippinger?”
“He’s just a GSF outpost security officer, who thought it be best if he stole a pirate ship, of all things. See, he’s got some kind of beef with me. So, I need someone to maybe capture him in a graviton beam and hold him at this, very nicely hidden base I might add, until we’re in the clear?”
“Maybe. I might be persuaded.”
“See?” Finn again whispered, “Right where I want him.”
“Is he dangerous?”
“Why?”
“It matters as to how much I counter offer you, this fine day.”
“He is only dangerous to himself, actually. Shouldn’t be anything too much to worry about, you know…”
“Seventy-five-thousand.”
“Whoa, that’s some stiff fee for holding someone for a short spell.”
“My graviton beam requires resources. The stronger beam needed, the more resources I need, if you get my drift.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay, fine. Seventy-five-thousand.”
 “Great. I’ll go ahead and transfer two hundred and twenty-five-thousand.”
“Agreed.” Finnigan climbed from his pilot seat and nodded his acceptance, “See? Two-hundred and twenty-five-thousand,” he pointed to his screen. “After paying Max back, we’ll net twenty-five-thousand to split.”
“Sounds like a good deal to me, Finnie,” Duncan smiled.
“Now, if you will excuse me, I’ll go move our cargo.” A few moments passed before Finnie returned to his pilot seat and strapped down. “This Captain Drakes,” Finn began as he prepped the ship for takeoff, “nice fella, he is.”
“Graviton beam has terminated, Finnie,” Petra reported, “We’re free to leave.”
“Thank you, Captain Drakes. It was nice doing business with ya’.”
“Yes… well, don’t forget, in order for me to capture him with my Graviton beam you’ll have to lure him in through all that magnetic interference.”
“Shouldn’t be any trouble ta’ get ol’ Kipp to follow us on in.”
“Good, good,” Drakes said, “Good hunting, Captain Finnigan.”
The Katana lifted off from the landing pad and exited the inner chamber of the asteroid. 
“She’s responding much, much better,” Finnigan said, holding a fresh bottle of rum in one hand, “I’ve got one hand on the throttle and we’re heading back to the Trident.”
“We’re almost in voice range now, Finnie.”
“Good. Open a channel. Let’s see if we can cut through the static.”
“Go ahead, Finnie,” Petra smiled.
“Allie, Brody? Do you read me?”
Static rang across the external speakers as Allie’s voice began to cut through, “Finnie? Are you guys alright?”
“Yeah, we’re fine. We have new guests. When we get in range, slipstep on over. There’s a lot we should talk about.”
“Is there something, you’re not telling me, Finnie,” Petra asked.
“Maybe…” Finnigan smiled.


23


-- Obsidian Cluster


Finnigan set his ship abeam to the Trident and came to a full stop, “Petra, what’s our scan show?”
“We’re all clear out here, Finnie.”
“Good. Okay, you all need to slipstep on over.”
A few minutes later, Allie and Bob climbed the ladder, followed by the whirring legs on Brody.
“What’s this all about, Finnie,” Petra begged.
“Yeah, you sounded different when you called us over,” Allie added.
“Okay, here’s the deal.”
“We be listening, Finnie,” Brody nodded.
Pointing to his new guests, “This is Skyler and his Orangutan crew member.”
“Yes, I am Skyler. This is Gabriel.”
The Orangutan signed something to Finnie and smiled.
“Hey, Bob,” Finnie asked, “What’d he say?”
“How should I know?” Bob protested, “He’s signing in French!”
Skyler signed to Gabriel and the Orangutan signed back to Bob.
“That’s better. He’s been told to talk to us in English.”
“Well?”
“Yeah, Finnie?”
“Well, what did he say?”
“Umm, he said something to effect that he’s really happy to be here.”
Gabriel flipped Bob his middle finger.
“Hey, I don’t have to know sign language to understand that,” Finnigan chuckled.
“Okay, I lied, he didn’t really say that.”
“So, what, then?”
“He says you better not try to take Skyler’s card.”
“He said what?”
“He said you better not try…”
“I heard you the first time…”
Bob sneered before hooting twice, “Then why’d you ask again?”
“It took a little longer to process, but yes, According to Captain Drakes, Skyler has a card.”
“Well, I had a card, yes.”
“Let me guess. You left it on your ship.”
“Well, yes, sort of but Kippinger has no idea that I do, or where it is.”
“Well, it’s either you did or you didn’t,” Finnie quizzed. “That’s why Captain Drakes was really trying to pull you in; he wanted your card.”
“So, how does he know I have a card?”
“Had.” Finnigan added.
“Okay, okay, had, already!”
 “How did he get your ship, anyway?” Petra asked.
“We just happened to be docked at the Sultanna Outpost. He was in quite the hurry. He used the Slipstepper and accessed my ship and took command at gun point. My crew was down on the Outpost. It was just Gabriel and myself.
“He used us to help him pilot to where he thought you might go.” Skyler continued, as Gabriel relayed in sign language to Bob, “Once we ran into the Trident and took their engines offline, he decided to launch us into the cluster.”
“Basically, he didn’t want to literally ‘space’ you, Gabriel says,” Bob explained as he interpreted. “So, he thought he’d give us a fair chance.”
“Well, how about that,” Duncan shook his head, “that’s quite the tale, Skyler.”
“If you don’t believe him, you can have Bob tap in,” Thor offered.
“Oh, I believe him.” Finnigan assured, “Ben, Captain Drakes, confirms everything Skyler says.”
“How’d he do that?” Skyler pleaded, “I don’t even know the man! We’ve never met!”
“Oh, you’ve met, but you never knew it,” Finnigan explained.
“How so?”
“Because, he’s got Time Stopper… Card number three!”
“What?” the crew shouted in unison. 
“I said, he’s got…”
They all shouted, “We heard you!”
“So, Ben and I, we sat down and discussed everything. We decided that if we join forces, we could quite possibly have all five cards in short order. Seein’ Petra says she knows where the first card is.”
Petra grew a worried look, “You told him I knew?”
“Well, yes. I kind of had to. Like a bargaining chip, you know.”
“Finnie!”
“What?”
“I can’t bloody remember where or who!!”
“I know that…”
“Then why did you tell him I knew?”
“Because, like I say, it’s a bargaining chip and Bob’s gonna help you remember, remember?”
“Of course, I remember, Finnie. But what if Bob’s not successful?”
“Oh, I think I will be.” Bob smiled, “My CYBERS is special that way.”
“So, Allie has Frost Byte. Ben holds Time Stop and Skyler has Box. With my Teleporter, we only need the last one that’s locked inside your head.”
“That’s simply amazing,” Skyler interjected.
“That there are so many cards comin’ together, all at the same time?”
“Exactly! How does this happen, anyway?” Allie asked.
“Well, it not seem like coincidence,” Brody shook his head.
“Right, Brode-man! Ben and I seem to think there’s more going on here than we can understand. That’s why all of these cards are so close together.”
“How are we gonna get my Box back?”
“You and I,” Finnigan motioned, “will teleport to the Utopis. Take your card from wherever you’ve got it stashed and teleport back.”
“I see flaw in plan, Finnie,” Brody insisted.
“Flaw? What flaw?”
“Your card do not work unless you know where Finnie need to go.”
“You’re so right, Brode-man. That’s why I hired Captain Drakes, Ben, to capture him in that Graviton beam when he returns.”
“How do you know he’ll be back?” Allie asked.
“Oh, this one, yeah… he’ll be back. I can almost guarantee he’ll be back. That’s why I need your scanner gain as far out as possible, Petra.”
“Wow, Finnie. You sure are puttin’ a lot of stock in Bob’s ability to read me.”
“Trust me, Miss Petra,” Bob smiled, “if it’s still in there, I’ll get it.”
“That’s what’s got me so troubled, Finnie,” Petra began to cry, “I’m afraid Ophelia stripped all of those memories. I don’t know if I’ll ever get them all back!”
“Now, now, Missy, don’t ya’ be a cryin’. She didn’t get them, now, did she?”
“No, I know she wasn’t successful. Not at all, but it caused me to forget. Sometimes, I can’t even speak a complete sentence that anyone can understand… let alone me.”
Finnigan climbed from his seat and stood with Petra. Taking her in his arms, he made her stand as he wrapped his arms around her. 
“Oh, Finnie,” Petra smiled up at Finnigan, “You do care for me, don’t ya’?”
“Yeah, I do care about you, Missy. I care to have you and Bob connect to his CYBERS. I don’t think we have a lot of time.”
“Finnie…” Petra sobbed, “…I just want you to space me if Bob can’t read me.”
“Oh, I ain’t gonna do that, Missy,” Finnigan assured.
“You’re not?”
“No, Captain Drakes might, but not I.”
Petra cried even harder as Bob took to action, “Come on, Miss Petra. Let me get inside your head. Let’s put this thing to bed, once and for all.”
“Bed, Bob. Really?” Petra sneered.
“Hey, it’s a figure of speech. It’s not my fault, I didn’t invent the language.”
“They’ll be plenty of time for sleepin’…” Finnigan began, then continued, “…once we reach paradise, that is.”
“Oh, Finnie, you’re puttin’ so much pressure on me. I don’t know if I can do this!”
“Will someone get me a number ten fiber link?” Bob insisted.
Finnigan reached in his side pants pouch and extracted his fiber cable and handed it to Bob as he plugged the other end to Petra’s new port.
“There,” Bob said, clicking the cable into his receptacle, “Now, Finnie, start pumping the Nutroxin.”
“Covalent Probe is active. Flowing the first does of Nutroxin, now.”
Petra returned to her seat and closed her eyes. Bob pulled up the floor and sat crossed legged in front of Petra with his eyes closed.
Bob and Petra began speaking in unison, “Torture…  Captain Sparre… Tortured… Memories blocked… blocked… by… probe immunity… protocol.”
Bob opened his eyes briefly glancing up at Finnigan, “Give her the second dose now.”
“How many doses will this take, you thinkin’?” Allie asked, standing behind Finnigan.
“Depends on Bob, here.”
“Shhh, just give it to her,” Bob whispered.
“Okay, sending the second dose, now.”
Petra shook as the powerful mind drugs entered her bloodstream. Her eyes squeezed tightly, for several seconds, before she relaxed and focused on helping Bob dig deeper into her mind.
They began speaking in unison once more, “Seal us up! … … Seal us up! … … You’ll… have to… jettison… the pilot… house!”
“Dig deeper, Bob. You’re gettin’ closer,” Finnigan whispered.
Bob shot Finnie a glance, “Wow, she’s tough, Finn, real tough.”
“Another dose?”
“Not just yet…”
“Maybe you should,” Thor added.
“I said, not yet.”
Bob closed his eyes and focused once more, “You promised… you promised me… the… first one… You promised…”
Pain ran across Petra’s face as more memories were invoked by Bob’s link. With raised eyebrows, Bob watched the images as they flooded his CYBERS. Images of Petra swinging at Captain Sparre. Images of Thor and the inmates in the prison. More images of Petra being connected via the Nuclear Hypodermic Infusion. 
Petra gritted her teeth as she tore through the bad memories with Bob. 
“Okay, Finnie. Give her the third dose. We’re almost there,” Bob whispered, with closed eyes. “This should be enough to cut through.”
Finnigan sent the third dose of Nutroxin causing Petra and Bob to wince with pain. Tears welled up at the sides of Petra’s eyes as Bob held his hand up to cover his.
“You have it? … You have it! …” Bob and Petra spoke in unison.
Bob peeked through one eye, “I’m so close, Finnie.”
Returning his focus, he began speaking with Petra for the last time, “Card… card number one… you have it? I can’t… I don’t… believe you… it can’t be…”
“Who is it, Bob?” Finnigan begged.
“I can’t cut through the who… it’s too damaged by the NHI Effie used.”
“Can you tell me where?”
Bob closed his eyes and reached up to hold his temples as he focused, “Where is the first card, Petra? Where is it?”
“First card… Cyclone… place is… place is familiar… Trialis… Trialis System… First card… Cyclone… is at… Trialis…”
Petra froze up, her muscles tightened, as her body went into a Grand Mall Seizure. Finnigan caught her as she tossed herself backward. He pulled the cable from her implant and carefully laid her to the deck.
“What’s the matter with her?” Duncan shrieked. 
Bob pulled his cable and stood out of the way, “It’s a side effect of the Nutroxin. She’ll be okay in a minute.”
“None of us will be okay if we don’t figure out who just came into the sector!” Duncan panicked. “I’m scanning a ship… it’s the Utopis. They are returning.”
Saliva drooled from the sides of Petra’s lips as her body finally relaxed and fell limp in Finnigan’s arms.
“Brody, take the helm!”
“You got it, Finnie! Brody lure Kipp to Drakes!”
“I’ll man the weapons!” Thor insisted, taking the station.
“Good! Duncan: call up the Trident and make sure they’re ready.”
Duncan worked his console as he called over to the Trident, “Erma, do you copy?”
“Yes, Duncan. This is Erma, go ahead.”
“You scan the Utopis?”
“Yes, we see them coming in. I’m starting to alter course and pretend to limp farther inside the Cluster.”
“Good. Brody’s at the tiller and will follow you in.”
“Okay, Erma out.”
“Yeah, Finnie, they’re all set.”
“Brody change course and speed to match the Trident.”
“He’s trying to open a channel.”
“Well, might as well entertain ourselves. Go ahead and put it up.”
Petra opened her eyes and sat up with Finnigan’s help, “You okay, Missy?”
“Yes, Finn. I’m… I’m fine… I’ll be okay in a few minutes.”
“Come on,” Finnie helped Petra to her seat, “let’s strap ya’ down. The ride’s gonna get bumpy.”
“Finnigan!” the intercom echoed through the distortion from the asteroids, “You’ll not get away from me this time!”
“Yeah, big talk!” Finnie taunted, “First ya’ gots ta’ catch me!”
“Oh, I’ll be a catchin’ you, alright! I’m arming my Nebula A1!”
“Okay,” Finnie whispered, “That kind of scares me.”
“Do not worry, Finnie,” Brody reported, “Nebula weapon no target lock in Cluster.”
“Well, that’s reassuring.”
“But the cutting beam still cuts, if they get lucky.” Skyler added, “Just ask Allie.”
“He’s right, Finn,” Allie said, “Brody, you better fly this ship like nobodies business. One hit on the engine will bring us down.”
“What’s the matter, Finnigan?” The speakers echoed once more, “Scared? Well, you should be!”
“Why you have such an unnatural infatuation for me, anyway?”
“Shut up, Finnigan! Your words mean nothin’ to me!”
Finnie leaned closer to Duncan, “Are we getting close, yet?”
“Yeah, Finnie…” Duncan smiled, “I’m picking up the graviton beam just up ahead.”
“Okay, good. Brody, fly us at that large asteroid and then turn hard to port when I tell ya’. Duncan, let Erma know what we’re doing.”
“Da Kipp is closing, Finnie!”
“Good.” Finnigan smiled, as he continued to comfort Petra. “Just about… now! Hard to port!”
The Katana turned sharply from the large asteroid with the Trident turning hard to starboard.
“We’re out of da Graviton pull,” Brody reported.
“The beam has captured the Utopis and is pulling them in,” Duncan added.
“Okay, Skyler. You and I are up.”
Skyler signed to Gabriel before climbing from his seat, “I just told him to behave and that I’ll be right back.”
“Why doesn’t he have a CYBERS?”
“Are you kidding me? Those things are pricy. I almost had enough with my last haul, but then Kippinger came along.”
Finnie climbed down to the cargo bay followed by Skyler.
“Okay, how soon before they’re inside the asteroid?” Finnie shouted.
Duncan reported, “Just a few more seconds, Finnie.” 
“Okay, these ships are all alike, where is your card?”
“It’s locked in a safe inside my cabin.”
“Okay, you ready to meet Captain Drakes?”
“We get to meet him?”
“Well, yes, he’s going to Time Stop all of us so we can get to your card without Kippinger knowing what happened.”
“Why can’t we just take my ship back?”
“In due time, Skyler, in due time.”
“Okay, Finnie,” Duncan shouted to below decks, “he’s inside the asteroid.”
Finnigan raised his eyebrows as he removed his card from its metal case, “First we go pick up Ben. Then he activates his card before we go hunting for yours.”
“I’m ready, Finn,” Skyler nodded.
Holding the card up before them, the gears and compass spun just before they vanished from the Katana.


24


-- Llorix-7


“So, you’re saying,” Ophelia began, “we’re stranded down here on this barren planet until someone comes by to rescue us?”
“Yes, Warden. It would seem the entire orbital structure has been destroyed. There are only a few fragments still floating in orbit… but, they’ll soon be captured by this planet’s gravity and burned up with the rest.”
“How many survivors where there?”
“No one got off the station, Ma’am,” Colonel Clay reported. “Some began to evacuate, but were taken out by the station explosions.”
“And you’re saying the attack was from the Sinclair? The Commodore, himself? You’re absolutely sure it wasn’t a pirate attack?”
“That’s what we’re seeing on the camera feeds before they were destroyed in the attack.”
“I simply cannot believe that William would do this. It completely boggles my mind, Donovan. He’s so loyal to the GSF. Always has been.”
“Not always, Ma’am.”
“I know William and the Slayer have a past, but that was a long time ago. Why would he do this? Leave everything he’s worked for, for so long, to achieve and then, one day, decides to just throw it all away?”
“The only real explanation that would make any sense is his crew mutinied and took over command of the Sinclair.”
“Well, that would explain how. But for now, we have to assume either William is no longer in command or they mutinied. Either way, the Sinclair poses a major threat to the GSF. Once others arrive, I want them to slipstep me off this rock so we can find that ship and take them down!”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
“We will keep this little secret about the Sinclair to ourselves. Just that they’ve been taken over by mutineers. We must place blame on the pirates. Do you understand me? The pirates are to blame!”
“Yes, Ophelia, I understand. We must use this as a reason to go back to war.”
“Good. We’re on the same page then. But we already are at war, Donovan. The war never ended! Only this time we’ll finish them off, once and for all!”
“I like the way you think, Ma’am.”
“I thought you would. I’ll get word to the GSF High Command to make our formal declaration of war against all fringe outposts.”
“Yes, I’ll get word out to the fleet to engage and eliminate the Sinclair due to munity. It will take time for the message to reach every Capital ship out there. Once it does, word will spread faster among the closest ships. We’ll track them down, Ma’am, mark my words.”
“So, while we wait for others to rescue us, I need to know the disposition of the remaining inmate camps, here on the ground. Are we still in control of those?”
“Word has spread across the surface to each of the camps. Rumors of several camps have been taken over, but nothing has been confirmed. I have had reports from other camps that they gassed all inmates, while others have sheltered in place once they found out about the orbital detention facility.”
“How many camps are still verified as in our control and how many report gassing inmates?”
“Out of all thirty camps, fifteen are secure. Seven of those have gassed their inmates.”
“That’s not very many in our control. With only a few kilometers separation from each camp, we could be attacked.”
“Yes, Ma’am, I’ve already thought of that.” Colonel Clay explained, “The camps where there are no inmates, I’m reassigning some of the guards where other camps are still having riots.”
Several explosions rocked the ground, causing everyone to shift and hold. The lights dimmed twice before shutting off, leaving them in darkness with only a few emergency lights working.
“What the hell was that?!” Ophelia shouted.
“We’ve been attacked!” Colonel Clay yelled over another volley of booms and ground quakes.
“They’re trying to breech the outer blast doors, Colonel,” Lt. Shelton reported, running up to them.
“Can we slipstep to another camp!?” Ophelia begged.
“We’ve lost power to the complex. Now, it’s just a matter of time before they break into this courtyard.”
“We’ll be exposed to the harsh environment, if they breech those blast doors! Quick, everyone,” Ophelia ordered, “get into a life suit!”
“There aren’t any!” Lt. Gibbs protested.
“What?!”
“I’m sorry, Warden Wilkins,” Gibbs reported, “They were all taken by the inmates during their revolt!”
“What are we gonna do!?” Ophelia shrieked.
The ground quaked once more sending Ophelia to her knees.
Colonel Clay offered her a hand, back to her feet, before another round of explosions rocked the both of them to the ground.
“They’re trying to kill us all!”
“Sergeant Mcleod,” Colonel Clay ordered, “Gather as many men as you can and hold that blast door once they breech it!”
“Aye, sir,” We’ve got twenty armed men on the line now.”
“You won’t be completely overtaken by the environment right away… but, we have no idea how many are going to storm our doors!”
“I’ve been in contact with the other camps,” Lt. Shelton reported, “They’re gearing up to take a skiff with reinforcements. They’ll attack them from outside. Once we can get power restored, we can slipstep to a secure camp.”
“Get a team on that,” Ophelia ordered as she returned to her feet with Colonel Clay.
The two held onto each other through two more blasts before a fog formed toward the blast door entrance.
“They’ve cracked it, already!” Colonel Clay advised. “C’mon, Effie, I’ll take you inside the bunker!”
“How long can we last with that door leak?” Ophelia asked as Colonel Clay escorted her to the bunker door.
“A couple hours!”
“I don’t want to go in there!” Ophelia protested.
“You’ll be better off inside!” 
Colonel Clay forced her inside before slamming the bunker door shut. With two turns of the wheel, he locked her inside. Then he took a pickaxe and blocked the wheel.
Ophelia pounded on the door to no avail as Colonel Clay left with his weapon, at the ready, toward the front line.
Shouting, Colonel Clay barked orders, “Lieutenant Gibbs, what’s our status?”
“There are fifteen armed inmates outside! They’re firing mortar shells from fifty meters!”
“Relay that position to our inbound fire team!”
“I’m on it, sir!” Gibbs acknowledged, “They should be in position in five.”
The ground continued to shake with each mortar detonation.


-- CS Sinclair


Lieutenant Ellis flipped switches and pressed button sequences before glancing over to the Commodore, “We’re in position to exit the nebula.”
“Very good, Patrick,” Commodore Strandberg answered, “Prepare the slipstream drive. Engage Plasma Thruster Packs!”
“Aye, sir. Engaging thruster packs for a twenty-second micro-burst.”
“Weapons are armed and at the ready, Will,” Maggie reported, “You know, just in case the Yucatan has figured out our heading.”
“Reggie’s very smart. I would expect him to follow.”
“We’ll know in about twenty more seconds.” Ellis reported, “Micro burst complete. Transitioning from Plasma Thruster Packs to Ion drives… engaging slipstream drive in five… four… three… two… one… exiting the nebula!”
“Multiple contacts!” Maddie shouted. “Three Capital ships bearing 0-2-0 Mark 3-5-5”
“Activate shields! How long before we reach maximum Slipstream?” Commodore Strandberg demanded.
“Two minutes until maximum velocity!” Lt. Slone reported, “I’m givin’ it all we’ve got, sir!”
“Helm: turn 2-5-0 Mark 0-5-0.”
“Changing course, sir,” Lt. Ellis reported, “They’ll be in weapons range in thirty-seconds!”
“Open a channel, maybe I can buy us some time.”
“Channel’s open to the Yucatan.”
“Reggie, don’t do this!”
“Disengage your Slipstream and power down your weapons!” Reggie’s voice echoed over the crackling speakers, “By GSF authority, I am placing you under arrest. You and your treasonous mutineers!”
“Guess, he’s not going to listen,” Strandberg nodded before returning to his seat, “Prepare the Nebula A1 and target the Yucatan. Move shields to maximum focal point on our starboard side. Maddie: send out a spread of five missiles and detonate them off the bow of the other Capital ships!”
“They’ve launched six missiles,” Maddie reported, “Two from each ship!”
“Helm: change course to 0-0-0 Mark 0-6-0! Maddie, launch countermeasures!”
“Our missiles are away!” Maddie shouted, “Four incoming destroyed by countermeasures!”
“Brace for impact!” Lt. Slone yelled.
Two missiles struck the starboard side of the Sinclair, shaking and rocking the Capital ship. Lieutenant Ellis held the controls and righted the ship, holding their new course.
“Damage report!”
“Sir,” Lieutenant Slone reported, “engines still online, no damage. We lost some armor plating at the missile impact site, but our shields held in place.”
  “We’re now at maximum Slipstream velocity,” Lt. Ellis reported.
“They’ve backed off, but are continuing their pursuit,” Maddie added.
“Did you get transponders from the other ships?”
“Yeah, Will,” Maddie reported, “Confirmed it was Yucatan, Marksman and now the Dauntless.”
 “We’ll eventually lose them when we enter the Obsidian Cluster,” Lt. Hood reported. “There’s too much electromagnetic interference. We won’t even see any ships until we’re in visual range.”
“How are we going to find them?”
“I think they’ll find us,” Maddie smiled.
“What’s our intelligence say about the Cluster?”
“There’s very little on that sector. It’s much too dangerous to navigate, on any kind of large scale,” Hood answered.
Maddie glanced over to Strandberg, “Two of the Capital ships are pairing off, Will.”
“What’s their heading?”
“Calculating now, sir,” Lt. Hood nodded as he manipulated his console, “They’re heading to Praax, sir.”
“Ah, they’re going back to Llorix-7. So, the Yucatan is still in pursuit?”
“Yes, sir,” Maddie reported, “They’re at maximum FTL-5 velocity. They’ll not catch us at our maximum. Not with using micro bursts to pump us up to 5.1.”
“Helm: engage micro burst plasma thrusters, full power!”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Ellis acknowledged, “I might even squeeze 5.2 out of her.”
“Good. Once you get our new maximum, I want you to make a hard turn. When we circle around, Maddie, I want you to let the Yucatan understand not to follow us!”
“The Nebula A1 is online and at the ready, Will.”
“Good. ETA to new maximum?”
“We’re there now, sir,” Lt. Ellis smiled. “Slipstream 5.2.”
“Engage turn!”
Lieutenant Ellis pulled the Sinclair hard to port, entering a tight turn. The Yucatan slipped past as they finished their turn, while Lieutenant Ellis masterfully placed the Sinclair in close proximity behind the pursing ship.
“Target their engines and fire!”
“Target acquired,” Maggie shouted as she pressed the firing sequence.
The ship’s cutting beam ignited from the top of the Capital ship, slicing its way through their foes port engines.
“Direct hit!” Maddie sounded with elation. 
“They’re losing speed, sir,” Lt. Slone reported, “I’m scanning major engine failure. They won’t catch us now!”
“Enforce our rear shields as we pass by! Reggie won’t miss that opportunity!”
“Adjusting shielding.”
“Passing the Yucatan in ten-seconds,” Lt. Hood reported.
“Ready more countermeasures!”
“They’ve got targeting solution! Missiles only!”
“Good, that means they can’t draw enough power with the downed engine to use their Nebula A1.”
“Passing them now, sir!”
“They’re firing another barrage of missiles,” Maddie reported. “Six in all, Will!”
“Launch more countermeasures!”
“Countermeasures away!” Maddie said, pressing more commands, “Three destroyed… three made it through and have locked!”
“What’s their ETA?”
“At our current Slipstream, they’ll miss, Will,” Maddie reported.
“Can you target those missiles and take them out?”
“One has detonated and two more are on our tail! They’re losing their lock!”
“Stand by!”
Maddie began firing their rear turrets, sending a stream of railgun shot from the rear guns, “Yeah! One more missile destroyed!”
“Good job, Maddie. That’s one to go!”
“Thank you, Will,” Maddie smiled. “It’s using some kind of micro thruster burst! It’s gonna hit!”
The last missile struck the lower aft of the Sinclair, causing the ship to shake and rock from the explosion. The bridge lights dimmed twice. The drone of the power drain lowered and raised before they were left in darkness. As the ship’s emergency lighting cut through the darkness, the bridge was illuminated with a blue aura.
“Damage report!”
“Major hit on our power reactor. It’s taken us offline, but is rebooting now, sir,” Lt. Slone reported.
“Can we maintain our course and speed?”
“Aye, sir, our course and speed are remaining constant, for the time being,” Slone again reported.
“We’ve left them behind, sir.” Lt. Hood reported, “But they’re continuing their pursuit.
“Well, I will say, Reggie is a persistent little bugger!”
“He sure is,” Maddie smiled.
“Our systems are coming back online now, sir. Our engines had enough residual power in the buffer to keep engaged.”
“Very well, then. Secure from General Quarters.” William ordered, “Resume course to the Obsidian Cluster.”
“Set condition two throughout the ship…” Lt. West commanded over his comm link, “I repeat, set condition two throughout the ship.”
“Maintain course and speed. And increase our scan gain so we can see if there are any more Capital ships between us and the Cluster.”
“Aye, Will, increasing scan gain to maximum.”
“All weapons systems are set to standby.”
“Any damage?”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Slone reported, “No damage to Shields. Teams are repairing the armor.”
“What’s our ETA to the Cluster?”
“ETA: is one hour,” Lieutenant Hood reported.


25


-- Freelancer Base


Captain Drakes, a tall dark-haired man with chiseled jaw and pronounced clefted chin, made his large teeth shine bright with his wide smile. He held his card high in front of his face, the gears and compass spun in opposite directions as Finnie and Skyler appeared after teleporting.
“We don’t have a lot of time,” Drakes chuckled.
“Okay.” Finnie smiled in return, “Let’s go.”
Holding his card up, the gears moved one direction before changing to the other. The compass spun quickly in a circle, opening the portal that enveloped all three of them from the deck of the Freelancer Base and teleported them to the docked Utopis.
Finnigan’s card stopped spinning as Drakes continued holding his spinning card, “It’s already a slowin’, Captain Finnigan. Skyler, you better get to your card, now.”
Within the officer’s cabin, Skyler jumped into action and ran to one of the walls. Removing a painting from the wall, revealed a safe behind. Before he reached up to enter the code, he sighed in defeat, “It’s gone! That bugger figured out my code and stole my card!”
“Well, let’s go find where he is,” Drakes warned, “We’ve only got a few more minutes before time runs out,” Drakes watched the compass continue to slow.
“Time should be stopped for our friend, Kippinger,” Finnigan surmised, “Shouldn’t it?”
“Normally, I would say, yes,” Drakes answered, “But in this case, I don’t think so.”
“What makes you think that, Captain D?”
Drakes pointed by motioning across the room, causing Finnigan to glance over.
“He’s right,” Kippinger smiled, “His card has no effect on me as long as I have Box.”
Kippinger held the card in his hand, the four gears turned and the compass spun. Black lines drew the shape of a box, surrounding him.
“He’s got the Box,” Drakes explained, “Now, it’s just seein’ who’s card stops spinning first,” Drakes sneered at the boxed-in man.
“That is very true,” Kippinger said, continuing his wide smile, “But mine was started after yours, so looks like I’ll win.”
“I wouldn’t place any bets on that, my ol’ friend, Kipp.”
Kippinger turned to face Finnigan, “And what makes you think that? You know nothing about these cards. Nothing really. So, why don’t you just save us all the time and heartache and hand me your cards.”
“Not on your life, Kippy,” Finnigan taunted.
Raising his arm caused Finn’s cards to spin. Then he vanished from the Utopis.
“Ah! I see your coward pirate friend has left you alone. It’s just you and me, now!”
“I don’t think my pirate friend abandoned us at all,” Drakes watched his own card slow even further while Skyler helplessly looked on.

-- SC Trident

Finnigan teleported next to Allie, on the Trident, scaring the wits out of her.
“Finnie!” Allie shrieked, “A little warning next time?”
“Sorry, no time! Get your card out and activate it.”
Allie did what Finnie requested and held it out, “What am I targeting?”
“Target the Box.”
“Huh?”
Finnie raised his arm and held his spinning card out before them, “It’ll make sense when we get there!”
Then he enveloped them within the teleport card and re-appeared next to Kippinger and his slowing gears.
Allie took her queue and gently blew across the black spot of the card, her gears turned and compass spun as a sheen of blue ice formed around Kippinger and his box.
“You see, not even that card has an effect on box!” Kippinger laughed. “You lost!”
“Just wait,” Allie assured, “You ain’t seen nothin’ yet!”
She continued to gently blow across her card, her compass stopped and reversed direction. Finnigan and the rest looked on as Kippinger began to shiver and shake. Then gasped for air, looking like a fish out of water.
“Keep it goin’, Allie!” Finnigan smiled, “You’ve almost got him!”
She took in another breath and then pursed her lips and blew even harder. The ice formation hardened and began cracking with the continued cold. 
Kippinger froze in place and dropped his card, causing the spinning compass and gears to stop. The Box vanished as it fell to the floor where Skyler began to reach toward.
“No!” Allie shouted as she lowered her card, “Better wait a minute… that’ll freeze your hand off.”
“In the meantime,” Finnigan said, holding his card out once more, “I’ll take this one to your base quarters. You know, where we met the first time.”
“Good idea, Captain Finnigan,” Drakes smiled, showing his bright teeth.
“Then when I return, Skyler can have his ship back and we can make our way to our final destination.”
“Which is where, again?”
“Seems as if we’ve been heading in the right direction all this time. We just have to get there and figure out who the hell has this first card.”
“Captain Skyler, I could be of service to helping you pilot this ship with the others.”
“How much?” Skyler shyly asked.
“This one’s on me. Common goals.”
“And that would be Paradise, ‘eh?”
“Right you are, Captain Finnigan.”
“Okay, I’ll be right back. Then, I’ll take Allie back to her ship and we’ll meet you all back at the edge of the Cluster.”
Finnigan vanished with frozen Kippinger, minus his card, and then reappeared in moments before taking Allie by the arm.
“I delivered him and then shut down your graviton beam as per your instruction, Captain D.”
“Very well,” Drakes smiled.
Allie assured, tucking her card in her belt, “I think you can take your card now, Skyler.” 
“And that was some showing for Frost Byte, Miss Allie, not a bad showing at all.”
“Glad you can put so much trust in me, Finnie.”
“That wasn’t ever in question, Miss Allie,” Finn said.
“Why, thank you, Captain,” Allie smiled, “That means a lot, hearing you say that.”
“Oh, not at all. It’s not that I don’t trust you. I really had no choice in the matter.”
Allie slapped Finnigan’s arm as he recoiled, “Hey, what’s the matter with you?”
“C’mon, Captain Finnigan,” Skyler urged, “We better be a goin’ before he’s unfrozen.”
Finnigan raised his card and caused the gears and compass to spin before the two vanished.
“Okay, Matey,” Skyler ordered, “Let’s get this ship off this rock!”
“Aye-aye, Captain,” Drakes smiled, “I gladly leave this base to this Kippinger. He’ll be alright for a time. At least until he can figure out how to break my code to activate the graviton beam. Besides, I don’t want to be around if Max discovers I used his account to buy Finnigan’s cargo.”
“You used Max’s account?”
“Yes, what Finnie don’t know won’t hurt him.”
“Then it sounds like you’re pretty glad to be enlisted on this here adventure, ‘eh?”
“C’mon, I’ll fire up your engines. You take us up.”
Skyler climbed the ladder to his pilot house, followed by Captain Drakes and quickly left the Freelancer station.

-- SC Katana

Finnigan teleported himself, one last time, to the bridge on the Katana before tucking it neatly away in his metal box.
“Ah, Finnie,” Petra smiled, “You made it back… good!”
“Glad to see you, too, Missy Petra.”
“You are?”
“Really. I really am glad to see you. Now, let’s get formed up and we can be on our way outta here.”
“Here comes the Utopis,” Duncan reported. “The Trident is already formed up and ion plasma thruster packs are ready.”
“How soon before we’ll be in voice range?”
“Captain Skyler will be with us in two minutes.”
“Bob, can I enlist you to sign to Gabriel for me?”
“Sure, Finnie,” Bob unbuckled his harness and turned to face Gabriel.
“Ask him if he would like to join his Captain on the Utopis.”
Bob signed to Gabriel, relaying Finnigan’s question, to which Gabriel replied to Bob.
“He says, sure thing and that you seem to be getting more comfortable with your card.”
“Tell him, thank you and that I am really startin’ to enjoy the card’s benefits.”
Bob signed over and received his answer, “Gabe says, whenever you’re ready.”
 Finnigan climbed from his pilot seat and motioned to Gabriel, “Okay, then. Let’s go. Brody, take the tiller again. I’ll be right back.”
Finnigan quickly teleported Gabriel over to the Utopis and returned in a flash. 
“See? Told ya’ I’d be right back.”
“Good thing for you, Finnie,” Bob said.
“Why’s that, Bob?”
“Because, Duncan just says he’s picking up an approaching Capital ship.”
“The Utopis is forming up on our starboard beam now, Finnie.”
“Thank you, Duncan. Open a fleet wide channel.”
“Channel open.”
“Arm all weapons and let’s begin to move out of this Cluster. As soon as you can, target that ship!”
The three cruisers fired their plasma ion thruster packs and began navigating from the asteroid field.


-- Llorix-7


Effie continued pounding on the bunker door to no avail. No one came to her aid. Hearing gun fire through the heavy metal door, she backed away and shook. She paced back and forth wondering what was happening outside before she felt a familiar feeling surrounding her.
Standing still, she held her hands at her side and allowed the slipstepper beam to surround her, then finding herself standing in the chamber of a Capital ship.
“Oh, thank god! Thank you, thank you, for rescuing me off that rock!” Effie exclaimed as the glass door slid open.
“Warden Wilkins, you’re alive!”
“Yes, yes, I am. Whose ship is this?”
“You’re on the CS Stormfalcon, Ma’am,” the slipstepper attendant answered.
“Ah, good. That’s Caleb’s ship, isn’t it?”
“Yes, Ma’am, Captain Quinn is on the bridge.”
“Well then, Sergeant,” Effie leaned closer to the man’s name tag, “Collins, please take me to your Captain.”
“Right this way, Ma’am.”
Sergeant Collins led the Warden through the decks of the Capital ship before reaching the bridge. The man stood to attention and saluted his Captain, “Sir, Captain, sir, I present to you Warden Ophelia Wilkins.”
The Captain turned in his seat and locked eyes with the woman, “Captain Quinn. Thank you for rescuing me from that god-forsaken rock!”
“Where are the others, Ma’am?” Captain Quinn asked.
The man stood and approached the Warden, towering over the short-framed woman, she looked up into his steel-blue eyes and short blond hair.
“What happened here,” Effie began, “stays in strictest of confidence, do I make myself clear, Caleb?”
“Yes, Ma’am.” Captain Quinn raised his voice for the crew, “That goes for everyone, clear?”
The crew acknowledged their obedience with low voices and nodding heads.
“What exactly happened here, Effie?” Captain Quinn asked.
“We were attacked!”
“Pirates?”
“Yes, they were pirates.”
“Do you know how many there were?”
“No. We never got a full count of ships. We were cut off from the orbital detention center when they destroyed it.”
“What happened with the last ship that was in system? I understand the Sinclair was here just before the attack.”
“Yes, yes, they were, Caleb. This is what must be kept quiet. The Sinclair was involved.”
“Commodore Strandberg, Ma’am?”
“One way or another, his ship fired the Nebula A1 and missiles, whether it was him acting out or his ship was taken by Mutineers, it matters not!”
“Ma’am?”
“We need to track down that ship and eliminate them before they can inflict more damage!”
“Yes, Ma’am,” Captain Quinn nodded.
“Incoming message from the Marksman, sir,” the Stormfalcon’s comm officer, Lt. Wilkins, began.
“Put it on, Terry,” Captain Quinn ordered.
“Yes, sir. This is the Stormfalcon. I have Captain Quinn. Go ahead, Marksman.”
“This is Captain Marriott. We’ve encountered the Sinclair. They’ve been making their way to the Obsidian Cluster and are being pursued by the Yucatan.”
“What’s your situation?” Captain Quinn ordered.
The Marksman and Dauntless are heading to the Praax system to assist with the pirate attack on Llorix-7. Our ETA is one hour.”
Ophelia stepped forward and stood next to Captain Quinn, “This is Warden Wilkins of Detention-032. I have been slipstepped to the Stormfalcon and now have the situation fully under control here at Llorix-7. Change course and assist the Yucatan in their pursuit. You mustn’t let the Sinclair escape! Do I make myself clear, Captain Marriott?”
“Yes, Warden. Good to hear your situation is handled, Ma’am,” Captain Marriott answered, “We’re changing course and heading to the Obsidian Cluster, now.”
“Good. If you encounter any other Capital ships, please inform them that the High Command will be declaring war on all Outposts. Especially ones on the fringes of Pirate control.”
“Yes, Ma’am. Good to know.”
“Carry on, Captain. We’ll be in touch. Stormfalcon out.”
 Captain Quinn turned to Effie, “What are your orders now, Ma’am?”
“Do you have nukes on board?”
“Yes, Ma’am, a full complement of eight.”
“Good. I want you to target the remaining camps. I want all of them obliterated!”
“We still have troops on the ground to recover, Ma’am.”
“They will be considered casualties of war.”
“Yes, Ma’am. Tactical. Arm one warhead and target the bases.”
“Aye, sir,” Lieutenant Gibson acknowledged.
“Just one, Caleb?” Effie questioned.
“Yes, Ma’am. You’ll enjoy these nukes.”
“Explain…”
“Yes, Ma’am, you see, these are special edition warheads. Once they are close enough, they split off to hit three different targets. When they detonate, a few hundred meters from the surface, there won’t be anything left.”
“Good,” Effie smiled, “Then I personally authorize to use this nuclear device. Can you adjust your armament to show we did not fire? I want to blame this on the pirates, as well.”
“Yes, Effie,” Captain Quinn smiled, “That won’t pose any issues. Got that, Mister Gibson?”
“Aye, sir,” Lt. Gibson nodded his acknowledgement, “One nuke is armed and target solution is programmed.”
“Fire!” Captain Quinn ordered.
One nuclear warhead exited from the Capital ship and headed down to its target altitude. Once reached, the missile broke apart into three separate warheads. Then, at 1500 meters, all three warheads detonated, sending a blast wave across the landscape, destroying everything in its path.
Effie and Captain Quinn watched the incredible light show from orbit, both of their faces painted with elation.
Turning to Captain Quinn, “Now, let’s leave orbit. I’ll take us deeper within the GSF controlled space and closer to headquarters so I can reach the High Command.”
“Helm, set course for the Glaath system. We should be in comm range to the High Command there.”
“Aye, sir, leaving orbit and plotting course. ETA eight hours.”
 

26


-- CS Katana


Finnigan sat at his controls, flying the ship past the last of the asteroids in the Obsidian Cluster. He had a half empty bottle of rum in one hand and his other neatly placed on his throttle.
“Hey there, Miss Petra, got anything on our scans now that we’re clear of this cluster?”
“I am picking up a long-range message. It’s not live.”
“Who we gots, there, Missy?”
“It’s from William.”
“Okay, what’s he sayin’ and how far out are they?”
“They’re not in our scanning range. However, the message says they’re being pursued by three Capital Ships.”
“Is that all? Sheesh, what’s the galaxy comin’ too?” Bob protested.
Duncan asked, “Should we all head back to assist them?” 
“That’s one option,” Thor added.
“Thor’s right,” Brody interjected, “We’d still be pretty outmatched, even with da tree cruisers and da Capital.”
“Well,” Finnigan said, after he took one long swig, “He helped us when we were in need. That is one of the Pirate Creeds.”
“Yeah, Finnie,” Petra agreed, “When a pirate is in need…”
“… take the lead at full speed!” Finnigan finished.
“Because a Pirates’ creed shall not impede once it has been decreed,” Duncan chimed in.
“Then we be all in agreement?”
“Aye,” the crew sounded, “to the battle we shall go!”
“Get word to Allie and Skyler to follow along. Tell them a Pirate, indeed, is in need!”
Brody pressed buttons on his console before glancing over to Finnigan, “They’re with us, Finnie.”
“Aye… I’m turning the tiller toward battle. Calculate our ETA.”
“We’re a couple hours out, Finnie,” Petra reported.
“I got Allie and Skyler on da link,” Brody said.
“On speakers, good buddy.”
The radio crackled before the Captain of the Utopis cut in, “This is Skyler. I have Captain Drakes who has an idea on our pending encounter.”
“Allie, do you hear?”
“Yeah, Finnie, I’m on. Go ahead, Captain D. What’s ya’ got?”
“Using our cards together, makes us a very powerful force.”
“I would agree with that statement,” Finnie smiled, “What else ya’ gots?”
“All we need to do is coordinate our different cards.”
“What do ya’ propose?” Finnigan asked.
“We get close to their fleet… we’ll have to be nearly in their firing solution. I’ll invoke my Time Stopper across the Box that Skyler will erect around those three approaching Capital ships. Once we’re close enough, you can teleport Allie to each ship and freeze their controls. Once you’re done, simply return to your ships and we’ll steer our course back to Trialis, leaving these GSF scum behind.”
“Sounds like that just might work. How much time do you think that’ll buy us?” Finnigan asked, “Remember, my ship is the only one that can reach FTL-7.”
“He’s right,” Petra added, “We can only travel as a fleet at FTL-5. If there are any more Capital ships in our path, they’ll catch us.”
“Then we’ll keep a sharp eye to each one’s beam and fore,” Skyler added.
“J85 is the last outpost we have. It’s very fringe.” Allie said, “The farther we go past the Cluster, the less likely we’ll run into any Capital ships.”
“That’s a good point, Allie,” Finnigan smiled, taking one last sip before stashing his bottle.
“Hey,” Duncan protested, “what about us back here?!”
“Keeping sharp eyes open is harder, if the rum’s a closen’ them.”
“How come you get to?” Thor protested.
“Because, I’m the Captain and I always have--”
“We know!” the crew cut him off.
“Fine, fine, just so long as ya’ know, that’s all. Good that ya’ do. You both hold your tillers true to mine and we’ll be gettin’ there in mighty fine time.”


-- CS Sinclair


The former Commodore sat in his command seat. His screens flashed various reports before he looked over to Maddie.
“What’s this showing up on my scans?”
“We’re picking up three cruiser class ships ahead,” Maddie reported.
“How far back are the GSF Capital ships?”
“They’re pacing us, Will. In fact, they’ve gained a few minutes on us. By the time we reach those three ships, they’ll already have firing solution. It’s not looking good, Will.”
“Are we in uplink range with that fleet?”
“I’m working on cutting through this static field,” Lt. West reported, “We’re starting to get closer to the Cluster and it’s disrupting our comms.”
“Do you have positive ID’s on those ships?”
“Their transponder codes are relaying now, Will,” Maddie reported, “Yes! It’s the Katana, Trident… uh-oh, the Utopis is with them, as well!”
“Lt. West, get that channel open, now!”
“Almost have it… yeah!” Lt. West exclaimed, “SC Katana, CS Sinclair, I have Commodore Strandberg on the line.”
“Acknowledged, Sinclair,” Brody’s voice echoed across a distorted channel. “I have da Captain Finnie, go ahead.”
“Finnie,” Strandberg smiled across the radio waves, “How ya’ doin’? Please tell me the Utopis is with y’all?”
“This is Finnie. Good to hear your voice again, Will. Yes, Skyler has his ship back. We’ve got lots to tell ya’, but first we gots ta’ deal with them thar Capital ships on your tail.”
“I agree on that point, Captain, but they still out gun us.”
“Not anymore they don’t!”
“Oh yeah?” Will’s voice rose with hope, “What’s ya’ got?”
“We have more cards to play in our hand, Will, that’s what.”
“Really. That just boggles my mind, Captain. What did you find since our last encounter? Sounds like it’s a good one.”
“Two, actually. Box and Time Stopper.”
“Are you saying, there’s only one more card to find?”
“Yep. Once we lose these GSF scum, we’ll all make our way to Trialis. That’s where the last one will be.”
“You’re certain of this?”
“Yes, Petra says so.”
“You mean she really did remember?”
“Not exactly.”
“What’s that supposed to mean, Captain?”
“What that means, is we were able to find out where, but Bob couldn’t pull the who.”
“Ellis is telling me we’ll be meeting up in less than two minutes now. Are you prepared?”
“Yes, Captain. When I give the word take your ship out of Slipstream and put on all your breaks. Just adjust your course to avoid any flyby hull strikes. When you come to a full stop, you’ll be behind the three Capital ships. All three of us will change course to flank them on each side. Once we’re close enough, we’ll play a little card game.”
“Sounds like fun,” Strandberg chuckled, “Wish I had a card to play this hand with.”
“You wish.”
“That’s what I just said.”
“Okay, we’re all set here, Will. Now would be a great time to hit them breaks!”
“Got it,” Strandberg nodded over the comm link, “Helm, hard stop! And don’t hit anything, okay?”
“Exiting Slipstream… now!”
The plasma ion thrusters reversed, sending the crew lurching forward. The approaching Capital ships zipped past before they could apply any of their own breaking.
Finnigan stood in the cargo bay of the Katana with his comm link over his head, “Okay, Brody, has the tiller and I’m ready to pick up Allie.”
“Captain Drakes and myself are ready, Finnie.”
“Okay, tell Captain D to activate his Time Stopper.”
Finnigan held his card up and quickly teleported to the Trident where he met Allie in her cargo hold.
“We’ve got to stop meeting like this,” Finnigan smiled, raising his eyebrows three times.
“I’m still on your comm, Finnie,” Petra warned, “Keep your hands to yourself over there!”
“Oh, don’t you worry, Miss Petra,” Allie replied, “You have nothing ta’ worry about.”
Bob hooted three times, “He’s right, Miss Petra. Nothing ta’ worry about a ‘tall.”
“Uh-huh, tell me more, Bob.”
“No, really, Miss Petra.”
“How would you know?”
Bob leaned over and whispered, “She’s not into men.”
“Ooooh, okay, you’re good, Finn.”
“I know I am.”
“Can we cut the chatter, here?” Duncan warned, “We have three Capital ships dead ahead!”
“Okay, okay, Dunk-man. Go ahead and do your thing, there, Captain D.”
“I’m tryin’, but it’s not activatin’ just yet.”
“So, what’s the hold up?”
“I don’t know.”
“We’re going ta’ be changing course. I need ya’ all ta’ be in da place!” 
“I think we have to get closer!” Captain Drakes panicked.
“The Trident and Utopis are breaking off to each of their flanks,” Petra reported.
“And we be heading up da gut,” Brody yelled.
“They’ve got target solution!” Duncan reported.
“We have nine in bound missiles! They’re locked!” Petra nervously reported.
“All fleet stop!” Finnigan ordered.
Captain Drakes’ card began to move as the missiles approached, freezing them in time and space moments before they would hit their targets.
Skyler took his lead and rose his card and focused on the black lined box that surrounded the three Capital ships.
“I’ve got ‘em, Finnie!” Skyler shouted, “Go!”
“And go, we shall!”
Finnigan held his card up, wrapped his arm around Allie and teleported to the lead ship.
Unwrapping his arm around Allie, he stepped around the bridge gazing on each of the frozen crew.
“Fascinating!” 
“Yeah, it’s cool the first time or two,” Drakes cut in, “But don’t be lollygagging about, time’s a ticken’, so ta’ speak.”
 “Right, right,” Finnigan looked about the bridge in awe, “That means, you’re up, Miss Allie.”
Allie held her card up and gently blew a breeze across the black spot on her card. The gears turned in unison with the compass that pointed in various directions, as if directing Allie which way to aim the freezing energy wave.
Once all the bridge control systems were sufficiently frozen, she lowered the card and returned to Finnie, “Okay, next…”
They teleported twice more to each Capital ship, Allie freezing all their controls before Finnigan returned her to her ship and then returned to his.
“Okay, we’re back, Miss Petra. Get word to Captain Skyler to move his box to these pesky missiles. You know, kind of box them in so we can pass unharmed, kind of thing.”
“I like the way you’re a thinkin’, Finnie.”
“I read you,” Skyler reported, “I’m shifting my box to contain the missiles.”
“I can only hold time for another thirty seconds or so, Finnie.”
“I read you, Captain D. Brody, take us outta here! Miss Allie, after you!”
“Gabriel is taking us after the Trident,” Skyler added.
“Ten seconds!”
“Go Brode!”
Brody slammed his throttle forward and followed the Utopis around the frozen missiles.
“We’re clear, Finnie!” Brody shouted.
“Excellent! Set course to Trialis and let’s get outta here! Full speed to Slipstream drives!”
“We’re clearing FTL and course is set to Trialis.”
“Get me the Sinclair,” Finnigan ordered.
“I’ve got them on now,” Duncan reported.
“William? Do you copy?”
“Yes, Captain, I read you. That was quite a show.”
“How’d it look from your end?”
“I’m passing the disabled Capital ships now. Let me tell you. Whatever you did, you did a number on them. They’re all dead in the water. I only see emergency lighting. All other power is out.”
“Great work, people,” Finnigan praised, “Like I say, a Pirate in need, make haste at full speed! And William, my friend, you are a Pirate, my lad.”
“I am now. There’s no returning. If I do, they’ll execute me on sight.”
“Then hold your tiller to our course and come join us on our quest of all quests. Our roadmap is nearly complete.”
“I’m with ya’ all the way, Captain Finnigan.”
“Good ta’ hear, good ta’ hear.”
“Our course is set, Captain. We’re right behind ya’.”
“The time stopper has stopped stopping,” Captain Drakes announced.
“Only just now?”
“Well, there is a slight amount of delay.”
“The Sinclair has caught up with us, Finnie,” Petra smiled, “Our ETA to the Trialis system is three days.”
“Good, that’ll give us time to all meet and greet about these here cards we have, ‘eh?”
“Right, Finnie,” Petra nodded.
“Let’s meet on the Utopis. Have William and Allie slipstep on over. I’ll use my card. Miss Petra, you’re with me.”
“Oh good,” Petra smiled at Finnigan, “I was afraid you were gonna forget about little ol’ me.”
“Na’, not forgotten, but you do still hold the last detail, so I also need Bob to join along.”
“Allie’s not gonna like dat, Finnie,” Brody smiled.
“She’ll have to stand far away…”
Bob unbuckled and joined Finnigan on the ladder with Petra, “Far, far away, please… remember, she smells somethin’ awful.”
“Oh, Bob, be nice,” Finnigan ordered.
“Oh, I’m being nice, Finn, I am.”
“You’re such a wise ass.”
Finnigan held his card up with Petra wrapped around his arm and Bob on his back as they teleported over to the Utopis to where they heard two sneezes coming from the slipstep chamber.
“Well, it sounds like Allie made it.”
“Yeah, thanks for that, Finnie,” Allie sneered, “Thanks a lot.”
“Yeah, you’re most welcome.”
“Just cut to it, eh’, Finnie?”


-- CS Yucatan


Captain Joyce shook his head as he realized he was sitting in sub-zero temperatures. Looking all around him, his face turned to fear, as he watched system after system fail under the mysterious conditions. Emergency lighting flickered on, dispelling the frozen darkness. 
One crewmember cried out in pain as he realized his hand was suddenly frozen to the glass touch panel.
 Shouts rang out all across his bridge crew as the ships power began thawing and systems began to reboot, only to spark and ignite with flames from the frozen and melting condensation.
“What’s going on?” Captain Joyce ordered.
“I don’t know, sir. The Sinclair dropped out of Slipstream. We shot ahead of them. Next thing, we’re frozen and disabled!” Reggie’s tactical officer reported.
“Where are they now? I want a report on those ships!”
“Only thing I can do is look out the windows, sir. There’s nothing out there. All ships vanished.”
“They couldn’t have just vanished!”
“Those Pirates, sir, they must have the cards. That’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“It would be the only thing that makes sense. Those cards are what’s driving the Commodore.”
“He wants paradise… that much is clear.”
“Perhaps. For now, get these systems online and return power to the ship. Get me a handheld line to the Marksman.”
“Right here, sir,” the crewman handed Captain Joyce the handheld. 
Holding it up to his ear he called the Marksman, “Captain Marriott, do you read me?”
The radio crackled static before the Captain’s voice echoed over the small handset, “Reggie, what the hell happened? We’re down for the count over here. All our systems are fried from being frozen.”
“Same here, Captain Marriott. I’m sure the Dauntless is suffering the same. You get word to Carl that we suspect it was Pirates and they are armed with more than one card.”
“Will do, I gotta run. Need to help my engineer get our critical systems back. We only have a couple hours of air before we start going stale.”
“Same here, Captain. Just get that message to Captain Foley and we’ll arrange for a conference once we get our systems back.”
“10-4, Captain Joyce. Captain Marriott out.”

27


-- SC Utopis


Bob sat with Petra away from the planning table set up in Skyler’s cargo bay. He pulled the connector from her and his receptacle, “Sorry, Finnie, I just can’t break into that last memory.”
“That’s okay, Bob.” Finnigan nodded, “You did what you could.”
Allie, Finnigan, Skyler and Drakes stood in a simi-circle, each with their card placed on the table.
“So,” Finnigan began, “We have Allie’s card. It’s number two.”
Allie continued for Finnigan, “Frost Byte is what it’s called. As you all know, I can direct a wave of freezing energy at just about anything. With two extra gears it shows the constellation, Pisces, which is known and seen from Earth.”
William stood next to Allie and Finnigan, gazing at each of the cards.
Drakes pointed to his, “My card is number three. Time Stopper and it holds the constellation, Sagittarius. Also seen from Earth.”
“It would appear all of these constellations are seen from Earth,” Skyler added, “Mine has Capricorn on it. Card number four, with its extra gears at each top corner.”
“That leaves card number five, mine,” Finnigan added, “Scorpio and a row of three gears at the top and two on each side just lower.”
William stroked his chin, “What do you suppose this all means?”
“Well, let’s look up in the data link what card number one is all about,” Allie offered, “Maybe that’ll give us a clue?”
Allie typed on the planning table’s console, “Let me see what I can find out.”
“Well, we already know number one is called Cyclone,” Skyler added.
“It says here,” Allie began, “Card number one depicts the star system Aquarius and it has one center gear.”
“It’s like Finnie’s top center gear on his,” Drakes pointed.
“That’s right,” Allie explained, “It is also said that each constellation holds a clue to opening the way to Paradise.”
“Clue?” Finnigan questioned, “What kind of clue? Does it say anything else?”
“Not very much,” Allie finished, “Only that each card has a clue within.”
“How are we going to figure all this out?” Drakes asked.
“I have an idea,” Allie offered, “Get me a link to the Trident.”
“Right away, Miss Allie,” Petra nodded as she connected the comms, “Trident, Allie has a question.”
“This is Erma. Go ahead, Allie.”
 “I need to talk to Lula. Is she near?”
“Lula,” the radio crackled Erma shouting down to their cargo deck, “Pick up your headset.”
The comm link rumbled with the noise of the headset being placed, “This is Lula, go ahead, Allie.”
“Yeah, Lula, you know about astrological signs, right?”
“Yes, I do.”
“What can you tell me about the constellation Pisces?”
“Pisces is the fish. Its element is water it’s also the twelfth sign.”
“That’s interesting, Lula, because that’s the constellation on my card. It’s also associated with water seeing as I can freeze things into ice.”
“Okay, how about Sagittarius?”
“Yeah, that one represents the Archer, Allie.”
“The Archer?”
“Yeah, what’s interesting about this one, is that it’s also referenced as ‘Arrow of Time’.”
“That’s why it’s ‘Time Stopper,’” Drakes added. “Makes complete sense, now.”
“Number four is Capricorn, Lula, that’s Box. What’s the connection there?” Allie asked.
“The only thing I can say is it’s Earth element.”
“Earth or maybe a cube?” Skyler added.
“Then there’s my card, Teleporter,” Finnigan said.
“Scorpio, Lula,” Allie finished.
“Scorpio is very interesting because its also called the Phoenix. It’s also known as Rising above the Ashes.”
“Card number five seems to be the most powerful,” Petra smiled over at Finnigan.
“What element is Aquarius, Lula?”
“Air. It’s known as the water-bearer, but its element is air.”
“We have three elements: Water, fire and Earth. Card number one would provide the last element: Air.”
“Which might activate the fifth card.”
“Maybe all five cards being together in one place does it?”
“What was the system you said we’re going to?” Lula asked.
“Trialis,” Finnigan answered.
“More specifically, J85,” Allie added.
“Let me see,” Lula calculated, “We have five cards. Four elements and one that seems to be the Phoenix. All these cards and now you say number one can be found at J85.”
“Right,” Allie said, “and your point?”
“If we reduce J85 down, using numerology,” Lula explained, “J equals ten. Then you add eight plus five, which equals twenty-three. Then reduce two plus three, which is five. Very strange, Allie, very strange.”
“So, five cards are activated when they’re together at J85, which is also a five.”
“I think I understand,” Finnigan smiled.
Allie turned to Finnigan, “You get all this? I can hardly understand anything Lula says about this subject.”
“Yeah,” Finnigan explained, “so, then, once all five cards are gathered together at J85, you add the five cards plus the five from J85, that equals the one way to paradise.”
“He’s right, Allie,” Lula smiled across the comm link. That makes complete sense.”
“So, then, what happens when they’re all together?” Petra asked.
“Nothing says what happens in any of the writings,” Allie frowned.
“I guess we’ll find out once we find this last card,”
“If we find the last card,” Petra added, “Remember, I can’t remember who has it and J85 is a pretty large area. How are we even supposed to begin looking for it?”
“I don’t know, Missy,” Finnigan answered, “But I do know that it’s pretty strange, wouldn’t you say, that all these cards have shown up at the same time?”
“We’re like being led by the hand,” Allie suggested.
“Well, all I can say for sure, Miss Allie and Miss Petra, is we’re gonna find this number one card.”
“More like it’s gonna find you,” Bob added.
“How would you know about this, Bob?” Finnigan protested.
“All I know,” Bob answered, puffing on his short cigar, “is that we’re on the right path at the right time.”
“Again, I ask, how do you know that?”
“Just from listening to everything being said, that’s how.”
“Don’t mind him,” Finnigan explained, “Bob’s just being an ass, that’s all.”
“Well, whatever it is, we should know in a couple more days,” Petra smiled.
“In the meantime, let’s all return to our ships and be ready for anything.”
“Sounds good,” William nodded. “We’ll keep all our comm lines linked up for quicker response times.”
William slipstepped over to the Sinclair. Allie slipstepped to her ship while Finnigan, Petra and Bob returned to theirs.


-- Stormfalcon


Ophelia stood at the ready next to Captain Quinn on the bridge of the capital ship.
“We’re ready to transmit, Ma’am,” Lieutenant Wilkins reported.
“I’m ready. Open the channel.” Ophelia grew a wide smile.
“You’re live, go ahead, Miss Wilkins.”
“Thank you, Lieutenant.” Ophelia began, “My name is Warden Ophelia Wilkins, formally from Detention-032. I have just completed my conversation with the High Command of the GSF.
“Detention-032 was attacked by Pirates. There were several cruiser ships involved in the attack. We were unable to determine the exact number of pirates that were involved. It was enough to destroy the orbital platform and every prison guard and administrator, along with every inmate.
“Not only was the orbital platform destroyed, but just before my rescue, they nuked the planet, Llorix-7, killing everyone on the surface. Fortunately, I was moved to a secure bunker and was the only survivor. 
“Thanks to Captain Quinn, and the crew of the CS Stormfalcon, for slipstepping me off that dead planet, or no one would have known what took place at Llorix-7.
“I come before you all today with a declaration. This has been authorized and comes straight from the GSF High Command that we are at war, as of this moment. We are at war with the Pirate uprising and any controlled outpost. Any outpost that is found to allow pirate cruisers to dock will face severe penalties. They will be cut off from the trade lanes and all commerce. Followed by swift action from a fleet of Capital ships to clear out all pirates.
“Let it also be known, the Capital ship Sinclair has been lost. Lost to a mutinous crew that has likely killed Commodore Strandberg. William was one of the finest officers I have ever known. He had a real love for the Galactic Space Force and everything we stood for. Now, Commodore Strandberg is only a casualty of this new war… a war that we shall see to the end. There will no longer be negotiations. We will not tolerate any insurrection against the GSF! Let this serve as notice to all pirates. If any Space Cruiser is spotted near any outpost or trade lanes, they will be fired upon.
“This war declaration will be enforced until there are zero attacks on TSP cargo ship Freelancer or Privateer ships. Be aware, Freelancers have been known to deal with Pirates. Do not be caught associating with pirates or any pirate types or you too will be blockaded from any outpost and trade lane.
Effie smiled as she gathered her final thoughts, “From this moment, I am naming Captain Quinn, the new Commodore of the Galactic Space Force. Congratulations, Caleb.” Ophelia extended her hand and held out a jewel case with his new rank, “You will lead our GSF fleet to victory!”
Captain Quinn stood up in place of Ophelia, took her hand to shake and the jewel box in her other for a photo opportunity. After smiling real big, he faced the comm, “Thank you, Warden. I am honored. On behalf of the GSF High Command and Warden Wilkins, know that I will lead us all to victory.
“In order to succeed in this task, I need your help. Each and every one of you that are citizens of the Galactic Empire must adhere to the new trade restrictions I am imposing today.
“I must ask that no trade or cargo may be shipped along any of the three main trade lanes. This means, you will only be allowed to transport cargo that is essential for life-sustaining and humanitarian needs. 
“This means, food, fuel and medical supplies will be the only shipments allowed and must be cleared prior to entering any of the trade routes. Fleets of Capital ships will be stationed and will be actively patrolling all known entry zones, as well as the entire routes of trade lanes. If any ship is scanned, transporting any cargo or using the trade lanes for any reason, you will be requested to be boarded by any of the GSF you may encounter.
“Once the pirate threat is eliminated, free trade will continue. But these restrictions must remain in effect if we are to continue keeping all pirate threats from any new uprisings.
“Again, I thank you, Warden and the GSF High Command for this commendation. I will not let the Empire down.”
Ophelia stepped up to the comm link, “This concludes our broadcast. Stay tuned for more GSF news, as they develop.”
“The channel is cut, Ma’am.”
“Thank you, Terry.” Ophelia smiled, “So, this went out on your high-tech transmitting system?”
“Yes, Ma’am, all of the interior sectors of our territory either already have, or soon will, receive the transmission. All fringe outposts and bases will have it, in about thirty minutes.”
“Very good,” Ophelia smiled with the new Commodore. “Caleb, let’s start putting together the new trade regulations.”
“Right this way, Ma’am,” Commodore Quinn motioned.



Epilogue


-- Trialis System


“We reached Trialis, Finnie,” Petra reported.
“Anything going on out there?”
“The scans are clear. We’re very far from the mainline.”
“Okay, then, I’m settin’ the tiller for J85. How far is that from us, anyway?”
“Not far, now, Finnie,” Petra again reported. “An hour at FTL-5.”
“Wait a minute,” Duncan reported, “I just got a ping from another ship out here.”
“Who’s out this far?”
“It’s a ship called the Spindrift, Finnie. It’s bigger than a cruiser, but smaller than a Capital.”
“Spindrift, ‘eh? Who’s it’s Captain?”
The internal fleet channel crackled static, “This is Will. Did you scan that ship?”
“We did. Name’s coming up as Spindrift.”
“We scan it too, Finnie,” Allie reported.
“Same here,” Skyler added.
“Are we in voice range yet?”
“Not quite, but nearing,” Petra answered.
“We’ll have voice comms before you can. These Capital ships are fitted with the latest equipment.”
“Lieutenant West says he’s got them now, stand by.”
“Ah, Will, don’t keep us a wait’n’ now,” Finnigan protested.
“Wait… what? Give that to me once more.” They heard Strandberg say, “My comm officer says it’s for Bob. It’s his cousin Otto.”
Bob’s face lit up, “Cousin Otto? On this ship? Wow, Finnie, I had no idea he was out this far.”
“Otto says before we reach the J85 outpost, we have to meet up, ship to ship. He wants us to slipstep over.”
“I’m establishing our own voice link,” Petra said with furrowed brow, concentrating on making the connection, “There, I got it. Go ahead, Bob, you should hear Otto now.”
“Cousin Bob?” the voice echoed over the speakers, “Is that you?”
‘Yeah, man, it’s Bob. What the hell are you doin’ in these parts? We’re way off the path.”
“I see you still got your CB7-ER5.”
“Yeah, and from the sound of it, you have yours as well.”
“What’s this all about, Bob?”
“The Spindrift has come to a stop, Finnie,” Duncan reported. “They’re turning to form up with us.”
“Bring the fleet to a halt with them,” Finnigan ordered.
“Aye-aye, Captain,” Allie sounded over their comm link.
“Slowing with the fleet,” Skyler acknowledged.
“Take us out of slipstream,” they heard William order his helmsman.
“The fleet’s coming to a stop, Finnie. The Spindrift is off our bow,” Duncan reported.
“Okay,” Bob smiled over at Finnigan, “let’s head on over. Finnie, Petra and I will go over to meet Otto.”
“Okay, Bob,” Finnigan nodded, “he’s your cousin. Brody, you take the tiller. Keep this channel open.”
“I’ll lower my shields when you’re ready to slipstep on over,” Otto said.
“No need for any of that,” Finnigan added as he climbed from his command seat. “Let’s all keep our shields active. Be ready for anything.”
“Don’t worry, Cousin,” Bob smiled, joining Finning down the ladder. “Finnie’s got this.”
“Okay, Cousin.”
Petra was last to climb the ladder to the cargo bay where Finnigan took his card and held it up. Pausing, he asked, “How am I gonna do this, again? I’ve never been on that ship before.”
“Of course you’ve been there.” Bob said, “You were so drunk you don’t remember. Maybe you shouldn’t have any more rum?” he said, climbing onto Finnigan’s back.
Petra wrapped her arm around Finnigan’s waist before he held his card up to his eyes once more.
Mysteriously, the gears flickered quickly back and forth, before the compass spun wildly in a circle, “Here we go!” Finnigan shouted.
In a flash, the three found themselves on the rear of the Spindrift’s bridge. Otto stood by the command seat that was facing forward. A man sat quietly with his hands resting on the arms of the chair.
The chair slowly spun around and exposed the seated man.
“Max?!” Finnigan and Petra shouted in unison.
“Yeah, Finnie, it’s me, Maximillian. You know, you’re ol’ buddy, ol’ pal… the same Maximillian that signed for everything you’ve been purchasing…”
“Oh, that,” Finnigan gulped, “well, you did give me access and you said I could tap it anytime, now, didn’t ya’?”
“Watch out, Finnie,” Bob warned, “he looks kind of upset.”
“Don’t worry, Bob. If Max, here, wanted to harm me, he would have already. Am I right on that point, Mister Max?”
“Yes, he’s right, Petra. If I wanted to, I would have. No. You’re here because of the cards. That’s the only reason.”
“The cards… you know about the cards…”
“Well, of course I do, Finnie,” Max laughed, “I gave you access to my account in hopes that you would find a way to reach me here at J85.”
“See, Bob?” Finnie motioned, “He wanted me to access his accounts. I told ya’ so.”
“Okay, okay, you were right, I was wrong,” Bob somberly nodded.
“Are you guys all getting this?” Petra asked.
The Spindrifts radio crackled Allie’s voice, “Yeah, we’re all on.”
“Good,” Max began, “Then I won’t have to explain this more than once.”
“What is it, Max?” Finnigan begged.
“I trust you brought all four cards with ya’, Finnigan?” Max quizzed.
“We have them with us, but not with us, no. Just mine.”
“Good enough, because we’re about to find out just what the ancient texts where talking about.”
“Come again?”
“Keep up, Finnie,” Max teased, “because I have the first card. I own Cyclone.”
“Well, why didn’t you just say so?”
“Well, it wasn’t safe, Finnie. You know how the GSF is right now.”
“Well, we’ve been chased by them, alright. We also have the Sinclair. They defected from the main force.”
“I know that. It’s all over the GSF wireless link.”
“We’ve been at maximum FTL for three days. So, we haven’t heard anything.”
“The GSF High Command have declared war against all Pirates and supporting outposts. They’re blaming the destruction of a detention center and nuking of a mining colony at Llorix-7.”
Will’s voice echoed over the comm link, “No, it wasn’t a Pirate attack, it was us. We’re the ones that, single handedly, took down the orbital platform… but, we didn’t launch any nukes, I can tell ya’ that right now.”
“That’s no matter. What we’re about to do, everyone in any nearby sectors will know it.”
“What’s ya’ gots for us, there, Max?”
“As soon as you get all the cards together, we’ll see.”
“Do you know what this thing is that’s gonna happen?”
“No, not exactly, but the path that lies ahead, the Road to Paradise will be revealed.”
“Well, Miss Allie, Mister Skyler and Captain Drakes are needed here,” Finnigan smiled.
“So, stop a wastin’ our time and go on over for them,” Max insisted.
“I’ll be right back, lads.”
 A few moments later, Allie, Skyler and Captain Drakes stood on the bridge with Max. Each held their cards in one hand.
“Now, we have to place them in order in one stack. You think you can all part with your cards to do that?” Max asked, offering his number one card first.
“That would be mine next,” Allie stacked her card on top of Max’s card.
The gears on the first two cards began to spin in opposite directions.
Captain Drakes held his card to the stack. After dropping his card on top of number two, his compass spun wildly in a circle.
Skyler glanced around the room, “Okay, mine’s next.”
Setting the card down started the gears on this card to turn. Each gear spun in opposite directions on its own card.
“Okay,” Max smiled, “We’ve got all four elements; Air, Water, Fire and Earth. Now it’s time for the Phoenix, Finnie.”
Finnigan stood forward to the stack of four spinning cards and gently placed his on top.
All five of the gears on Finnigan’s card spun as the compass spun one way and then another before it settled forward. 
“Um, Finnie,” Duncan reported over the comm link, “I’m pickin’ up some mighty strange readings. What’s going on over there?”
“Hold on, there, Duncan. Just look out front of the ship and you’ll see for yourself.”
Before the five ships, formed a large black opening. The Spinning vortex shot lightning bolts from the center and sparked outward before traveling around the outer circumference of the vortex in space.
“What the hell’s that?” Petra voiced in awe.
“That, Missy,” Finnigan answered, “appears to be a wormhole!”
“It is,” Max nodded, “That right there, is our Road to Paradise.”
“This is what the ancient texts were telling us about?”
“Apparently, so, Finnie,” Petra smiled as she wrapped an arm around Finnigan’s waist.
“I say, break out the rum,” Bob smiled, “Let’s party! Finnigan and Max found the Road to Paradise.”
Otto held a bottle of rum and tossed it in the air, over Finnigan’s head, where Bob was able to reach out and snag it before it crashed to the deck.
Bob quickly popped the cork and smiled at Finnigan before hooting three times and downed half the contents.
“Oh no!” Finnigan protested, “Now look what you’ve done!”
“Whooooooo,” Bob smiled as he flung two middle fingers at Finnigan.
“What? He’s my cousin. We haven’t seen each other for a good long time… so, I thought he’d enjoy a good bit of rum.”
“Do you not remember what he did the last time you got him drunk?” Finnigan protested.
“I do, I do remember,” Otto smiled and nodded as he watched his cousin, “and from the looks of it, he’s about to do a repeat performance.”
Bob jumped into the rafters of the bridge and swung from one to another, squealing and carrying on.
“He’s swinging like a monkey, again,” Petra laughed.
“He is indeed,” Otto hooted as he jumped up to join his swinging cousin.
“Great, just great,” Finnigan sighed, “So, what do you suppose we do, now?”
“Well, I’m going to say the same thing you do, Finnie,” Max answered.
He withdrew a bottle from his own boot, uncorked it and slid into his pilot seat, “Avast ye’ Mateys, steer your tiller toward mine and we’ll follow our new Road to Paradise, that is what we shall do.”
 “With one hand on the bottle,” Finnigan began.
“… and one hand on the throttle,” Max finished, “I taught ya’ well, Mate, I taught you well.”
The Spindrift fired full thrusters and headed toward the strange vortex in space. The rest of the fleet followed as their engines ignited a mighty contrail of plasma energy from behind, the fleet passed through the vortex opening and vanished. 
The strange vortex closed as the last ship entered, leaving Outpost J85 quiet once more.


#  #  #

~ The End of Part One ~

#  #  #


Sneak Peek


-- Capital Ship CS Justice 

“Pirate ship spotted, Captain,” Lieutenant Forest Huff reported, “Bearing 2-5-5 Mark 1-0-5!”
“Current speed?” Captain Rocco Blake asked, his tall-skinny frame stood over the weapons specialist, “Can we catch them?”
“Yes, Captain,” Lieutenant Huff answered, pointing on his display, “They’re current speed is FTL-2 and are headed to the Zerotha system.”
“Could they be seeking refuge at Outpost Shakaro?”
“We’ve intercepted their comms, sir. They’re trying to seek safe harbor. So far, the Shakaro administration is refusing them.”
“Very well, then. Increase speed and plot our intercept course,” Captain Blake smiled, “I want to catch them before they have a chance to leave Zerotha. Let their burning hull set an example to others that seek safe harbor!”
“Yes, sir,” Helmsman Lieutenant Tad Mathews reported, “Increasing speed to FTL-3. Intercept course plotted. ETA to targeting solution is five minutes.”
“Well done,” the Captain continued smiling.
Major Melvin Collins, the ships XO, stood from his station, “Arm all weapons systems. Prime the Nebula A1 cutting beam and increase forward shielding by thirty-percent.”
“Nebula A1 beam fully charged,” Lieutenant Huff reported, “Forward shielding increased by thirty-percent. All systems ready for battle, sir!”
“FTL-3 is reached, Captain” Lieutenant Rosanne Vaughn reported from her engineering station, “Engines are at optimal output.”
“Target solution in three minutes,” Lieutenant Huff announced.
“Battle Stations!” Major Collins ordered. “All hands prepare for battle!”
Captain Blake, with his smugness, leaned closer to his XO’s ear, whispered, but not too softly, “It won’t be much of a battle, Mel.”
Major Collins smiled his reply, “Yes, of course not, sir, but it does provide good training exercises for the crew.”
“Ah, that it does, Mel, that it does.” Captain Blake sat upright and straightened his jacket, “Attention! All personnel, shout for GSF Victory, today!”
The bridge crew began chanting, “GSF – GSF – GSF – Forever! Forever! GSF Forever!”
“Two minutes to target solution,” counted Lieutenant Huff in cadence.

-- Star Cruiser SC Gladius

Captain,” Captain Noel Walker’s first mate, Austin French reported, “We’re in voice range of Shakaro.”
Noel donned his headset and pressed the transmit button, “Outpost Shakaro, this is Space Cruiser Gladius, do you copy?”
The comm link crackled static before the man’s voice broke through, “This is Outpost Shakaro administration. Please alter course. Do not enter the Outpost’s sector. Do you read me? You are not cleared for any docking requests. Please, take your business to another outpost.”
“Is this Keegan?” Captain Walker asked.
“Ye-yes, Keegan is my name, sir. I am the Outpost administrator. Please leave our sector, we don’t want any GSF trouble here!”
“Keegan, my man! You gotta at least let us take on some fuel? This is Noel. You remember me, don’t you? Noel Walker?”
“Yes, I remember you all too well.”
“Hey, I’m really sorry about the three bars the last time. I promise we’ll behave.”
“No can do, Captain Walker. GSF are constantly patrolling this sector. We can’t afford their kind of trouble. You must understand. Please, alter course and move off… and I thank you in advance, Noel.”
“C’mon, Keeg. Just a wee bit of fuel? I’d consider it a huge favor—”
“—sorry,” Keegan interrupted, “But you have to understand our position on this. Besides, too many favors you already owe me, so count this as one being squared up. Just leave, okay?”
 “Captain,” Emery Dalton, Captain Walker’s second mate began, “The outpost defense platform is charging weapons.”
“Ah, balderdash!” Captain Walker cursed, “Keegan, you can’t strand us with no fuel, man. Have a heart!”
“The outpost has cut comms!”
“Ah, that bloody Keegan!” Captain Walker cursed.
“Scanning Capital ship!” Austin exclaimed, “Bering down on us, captain!”
“Where the hell did he come from?” Walker protested.
“Their Nebula A1 is charged. They’ll be in range in less than a minute!” Emery reported.
“Evasive!” Captain Walker shouted, “Get us outta here!”
“Turning hard to port!” Austin said, grabbing the ship’s controls, he turned away from the approaching doom of the Capital ship.

-- Capital Ship CS Justice 

“Targeting solution in thirty-seconds,” Lieutenant Huff reported.
“They’re turning away from Shakaro,” Major Collins added.
“Helm, don’t let them get away, now!” Walker instructed.
“I’m on them, Captain,” Mathews smiled. “Target solution locked!”
“Fire!” The XO shouted.
Lieutenant Huff pressed his firing sequence on his screen as Lieutenant Mathews steered the Capital ship, keeping the Gladius in range.
The Nebula beam traveled through space before hitting the ship’s hull, slicing their ship in two. Fire lapped at the edges of space, quickly being snuffed out by the oxygen absent vacuum.
“The Gladius is history, Captain!” Lieutenant Huff rejoiced.
“Confirmed,” Major Collins reported, “Nothing but debris and a burning hull.”
“Sliced and diced,” Captain Blake smiled, “Beautiful sight, ain’t it?”
“Very nice, sir,” his XO agreed.
The Justice flew by the destroyed pirate ship, the crew watched the hulk explode with several detonations as the remnants of the Gladius continued to burn with the remaining air from the ship’s interior.
“Scan for survivors,” Captain Blake ordered.
“No survivors detected. No slipstep signatures, sir. They’re all dead.”
“Excellent,” Blake smiled from his command seat, “Helm set course for the outpost. Get us in slipstep range.”
“Right away, sir. We’ll be in slipstep range in two minutes,” Lieutenant Mathews reported.
“Open a channel to Shakaro administrator. Let them know we’re arriving.”
“Aye-aye, sir,” Lieutenant Vaughn acknowledged.
“Scan for more pirate ships. We wouldn’t want to be ambushed, now, would we?”
“No, sir,” Lieutenant Huff nodded, “No ships are currently docked at Shakaro. Their defense platform weapons have been charged, but not fired.”
“What about on the ground? Double check there are no pirate ships down there,” the XO ordered.
“No, sir, Major Collins,” Huff again reported, “All clear. Only ships here are Privateer transports. I’m not scanning any Freelancer ships in this sector as well.”
“Very well,” Blake said, “Are we in voice range now?”
“Yes, sir, I have the Shakaro administrator online,” Lieutenant Vaughn reported.
“On speakers,” Blake ordered.
The crackling white-noise ended with the voice of the administrator, “Hello? Can you hear me on this?”
“Yes, we copy you,” Blake answered. “I’m Captain Rocco Blake in command of the Capital ship, Justice. Administrator Knox,” Blake continued, “we have eliminated the pirate ship, Gladius. Apparently, they were attempting to seek assistance from your outpost. I can assure you; they will not bother you further.”
“Oh good, very good, Captain Blake,” Keegan answered.
“Stand by, Mister Knox, I’m slipstepping down to have a personal chat.”
“Yes, yes, very good, Captain,” Keegan’s nervous voice echoed over the comm. “Anything you need or want, really, anything at all.”
“Justice out,” Captain Blake said, “Cut the channel and I want a team of marines to escort me down to the administrator’s location, immediately!”
Several crew members jumped into action, making calls and to prepare the slipstep chamber.
 “We’re leaving slipstream speeds and on final approach to Shakaro, Captain,” Lieutenant Mathews reported, “We’ll be in slipstep range in two-minutes, sir.”
Captain Blake stood from his command chair and looked over to his XO, “Hold the fort down, Mel. I’ won’t be gone long.”
“Yes, sir,” Major Collins answered.
Captain Blake made his way to the ship’s slipstep chamber. Finding five marines, he entered the chamber with them and gave the order, “Send us down!”
The slipstepper came to life, the blue-colored beam grew from the center of the chamber, expanding outward. Once the beam vanished, Captain Blake and his marines, found themselves standing in Keegan’s docking port.
Keegan made his way down the hallway to greet his guests, “Welcome, welcome to Shakaro, Captain Blake. How may I be of assistance to you, this fine day?”
“Shut it, Mister Knox,” Captain Blake said, before turning to the entry door. He held out his hand and slid the bolt open. Then, he turned to address the administrator, “I see you’re still leaving your door locked, Mister Knox.”
“Yes, well, you know,” Keegan nervously cleared his throat, “Can’t trust anyone around here—”
“—you’ve been warned about access issues, before.”
“I am sorry, Captain Blake, but—”
Captain Blake stuck his finger in Keegan’s face and leaned in closer, “Do not do it again! Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, yes, of course, Captain Blake—”
“—Now,” Blake continued, “I want to know everything there is to know about the pirate Sean Finnigan.”
“Finnie, Captain Blake,” Keegan hesitated, “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Oh, of course, you must know I tried to sell him a new ship. That’s all… and it was before the war.”
“Stop sniveling, Mister Knox,” Blake again cut Keegan off, “I could care less about the ship you sold him and then tried to steal back.”
“You don’t care about it, Captain Blake? You don’t care about any of that?”
“No, not at all.”
“Oh, well, very good, sir. So, what can I assist you with, again?”
“I said, I want to know everything about Captain Finnigan. Where he is? When did you see him last? Did he tell you anything? Anything at all?”
 “He never said where he was going, Captain Blake. He only came here to sell us goods… goods that were destroyed with his ship. That’s why he needed a new ship, you know.”
“I know all about the Sinclair and Commodore Strandberg. Did Finnigan have anything with him?”
“No, well, yes… yes he did,” Keegan stammered.
“What was it?”
“He only showed me it for a few seconds, really… it was one of the special cards. He said it was card number five, he did.”
“And he said nothing about where he was going?”
“Nope, I haven’t seen him. I doubt he’ll be back too, seeing I tried to double-cross him, n’all.”
Blake turned to his marine lead, “Search the premises!”
“Yes, sir,” the lead marine guard acknowledged.
  The five marines made ready their weapons and began searching the docking port facility.
“Leave nothing untouched!” Blake ordered. “Now, Mister Knox.”
“Yes, yes, like I said, anything you need.”
“I’m providing you with a special frequency. It will be able to reach me from anywhere in the quadrant. You are to tell me if Captain Finnigan, or any of his motley crew, show up here again. Clear?”
“Yes, yes, of course, Captain Blake, “Anything you say, sir.”
“Good. Very good, Mister Knox.” Blake wrapped an arm round Keegan’s neck and gently squeezed him closer, “Just so we understand each other. You did very well to send the Gladius away.”
“Yes, yes of course. I sent them away, just as the GSF instructed me to do. You see? I am compliant with the GSF.”
“Good,” Blake squeezed a bit harder before releasing his neck, “See to it that you continue being compliant. Otherwise, you know what will happen, don’t you?”
“Yes, yes, I believe you said Shakaro would be reduced to rubble, or something like that.”
“Yes, caused by a nuclear strike, which would render Shakaro uninhabitable for the next thousand years.”
Keegan gulped as he nodded his understanding.
“Good, very good, Mister Knox.”
“Sir,” the lead marine began, “The premises are all clear. He’s not here and there’s been no recent sign of him, here, sir.”
“Very well,” Blake answered, “Just remember, Mister Knox. If he shows his ugly mug, I want to know about it!”
“You have my word, Captain Blake,” Keegan motioned with his finger crossing his chest.
The five marines stood at attention as Captain Blake gave the signal to activate the slipstepper, causing the beam to envelop them all before vanishing.
Keegan let out a sigh of relief before returning to his library. Pulling three books out in one particular order caused the bookcase to pop open. Keegan ducted inside the secret opening, “They’re gone!”
“Good, very good, Keeg-man,” Captain Finnigan said, holding his teleporter card in hand and a bottle of rum in the other. “You did very well, Keeg, very well, indeed.”


More Works
by
Brian K. Larson

I hope you enjoyed this first Pirates book. Here are more books by me for your reading enjoyment.

Salvage-5
Salvage-5: The Next Mission
Salvage-5: Another Mission
Salvage-5: Final Mission

Salvage-5: Anthology
(Vol. 1-4)


A.M.P
(Amplified Mental Projection)
Phase 1
Phase 2
Phase 3
Phase 4
Final Phase

AMP - Anthology
(Amplified Mental Projection)
(Vol. 1-4)


The Warlords of Antares
Warlords Series Book 1

Empress of Antares
Warlords Series Book 2

Blood Scroll of Antares
Warlords Series Book 3

Rise of the Warlords
Warlords Series Book 4

Realm of Revein’sev
Warlords Series Book 5


Warlords: Saga
(Vol. 1-4)


TIME: Squared
TIME: Fractured
TIME: Paradox

Time Chronicles
(Vol 1-3)

Secret of the Crystal

Secret of the Crystal II
The Forge

Secret of the Crystal III
Destiny

Secret of the Crystal IV
Forgotten Legacy

Secret of the Crystal V
The Rune


~ Coming Soon ~

TIME
Dimensions
(The Adventure Continues)
2020 / 2021

Salvage-5
Awakenings
2020

Return to Revein’sev
Warlords Book 6
2021

Pirates of the Galactic Empire
Book 2: Gone Rogue
2021/2022

Pirates of the Galactic Empire
Book 3: Outpost Wars 2021/2022

Thank you for taking the time to read and support my writing. I hope you enjoyed this first book in the Pirates Series.

Stay tuned for the next book in the Pirates Series:

Pirates of the Galactic Empire
Book 2: Gone Rogue

You can follow me on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news of upcoming releases or visit my web at www.bklarson.com for news and updates.

One last thing, please do your favorite author a favor and post a review for their hard work.

Thank you
Author, Brian K. Larson



