Pointless Nonsense

Copyright 2013 by Timothy Floyd

Smashwords Edition

All inquiries may be directed to thingsomejourney@gmail.com
All characters depicted herein are fictional. Any resemblance to any persons living or deceased is purely coincidental. I’d like to add my own personal apology for the formatting (or rather, the lack thereof). In order to publish a smashwords edition, I was left with no choice to but “nuke” all existing formatting, including page breaks, indentations, and the like. In spite of this, I hope you will enjoy yourself all the same. Cheers.


As with all my work, I dedicate this novel to the earth- may it never hesitate to wipe all humanity from its face the moment we become too burdensome


I


“Keep all hands, arms and legs inside the bus. Do not leave the bus. If you have to leave the bus, tell me first, and I will accompany you. The animals here are dangerous, and they will attack you if you leave the bus.”
These were the first words I had ever heard spoken, though at the time, they were little more than gibberish to me. I was one of several thousand other variants, all from the same brood. Life, as we understood it, was a constant battle for survival. Destroy. We must destroy all-
“Do not leave the bus! You! Put your arm back inside the window! Sir? Put your arm back inside the window!”
I was conceived in the vaginal fluid of a whore named Elmyra. Elmyra was good to us. She spread the ranks of our clan far and wide across the country, and now, as per our silent bidding, she was westing. She was to live with her father in the city.
“OK, folks- in approximately fifteen minutes, we’ll approach the barrier. At this time you may get out, get water, stretch your legs, smoke a cigarette if you wish. However, please be forewarned, you are not to leave the quarantine. If you leave the quarantine, you will be out of the sight of the guards, and there’s no guarantee you’ll return safely.”
At this quarantine, I watched with longing as a great many broodmates were caught upon a giant swath of paper, and thrown into a gaping, swirling hole of water and filth. Though it surely pained my heart to see them go, they were acceptable losses. Our hold on the one called Elmyra was complete. We made her more concupiscent than ever before. If her clients could not pay, we beckoned her love-make anyway. If clients were what Elmyra called “jail-bait,” we beckoned her love-make anyway. If clients wished that she should love-make to a non-human, we-
“Ma’am? Excuse me, ma’am?”
The driver of this bus appeared to be apprehending us.
“Yes, sweety-pie?” we said, approaching the man. He looked to be in his late 30’s. We made the scan for wedding rings, and saw that he was bound. Perhaps he was weak.
“You can’t go there, ma’am. It’s dangerous.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” we said, inching closer to him. He was sweating profusely in the desert heat, but he did not push our warmth away, so we moved closer. We went for the crotch grab, and began slowly circling, as nearly all males of this species prefer. “By the way,” we asked, “How long are we stopping here?”
Long enough for our purposes. Foolish, dirty, humans. In another hour, I could see through the eyes of the driver, and I began to pry into his thoughts. There were miles of empty desert road ahead of us. I forced his eyes to the rearview mirror. This was not an attractive host, and it did not seem any passenger on this bus, besides Clan Elmyra, of course, would love-make with him. Would have sex with him. 
James Titus Howard. Age 38. Divorced. Unattractive. Has only a dog for company. Does not find the dog attractive. Has only $4,353 dollars in his bank account, which he needs for rent, utilities, and food. All humans pay either rent or mortgage, and they usually work very hard for these arrangements. This human is an unwitting slave like the rest. He will drive this bus for meager wages, to keep paying this rent, and buying that food, until he rots in the ground. This is not a particularly useful host, but we can use him to purchase whores, at least once a month, and spread ourselves to them. We have learned throughout the course of our experience that we can use sewing needles to puncture the whores’ beloved condoms, for it is true that most whores will not have sex with a man who does not wear a condom. 
A stinging sensation began to grow in the back of this host’s brain. Guilt. Remorse. We quickly set to work, and permanently liberated the human from his... Clan Samantha. What is this part of the brain called? The ventromedial prefrontal cortex. This host, Howard, will never feel guilt again. We all feel relieved. No one likes to feel bad about what they’ve done. And why feel guilty? Suppose he gets her preggo- the world will keep on turning. The world... will...
We always enjoy a good rationalization. It’s one of our favorite things about being a parasite. This host is sweating violently. His buttocks are producing the sensation of sitting in a child’s wading pool. We look to the rear-view mirror again for potential hosts. This one is young and beautiful. We have learned throughout the course of our experience that young woman like these tend to scream when men like this speak to them and touch them. We hate beautiful woman. They must be forced, and it’s always such a hassle. Many of our hosts are serving life sentences in prison. From our point of view, it’s not entirely a bad thing, as there is much spreading that occurs in prisons. However, there’s nothing we despise so much as a stuck-up attitude. When we are ruling this country, we will have them thrown into pits, but not before we shave off all their beautiful, blonde hair, and give it to bird-hosts for nest-making. 
This one is fat and sassy. She looks as if she may not reject the touch. We have learned throughout the course of our experience that-
“Hey, mister, look! My brother’s sticking his arm out the window!”
“Shut up, Steve!”
I size them up. We have learned throughout the course of our experience that children are generally undesirous, and indeed (in most cases) oblivious to the act of coitus. At any rate, it is unsafe to flirt with children in public. We feel the bus begin to veer off the road, and we are forced to redirect our attention to the task of driving. We know that if we drive erratically, we may be suspected. The vehicle under control, we sneak further glances at the fat one. She has a garish tattoo on her arm. It is faded, but we can make out writing in the center. Fat women like these are always commemorating their offspring with tattoos, but it is possible that it is the name of a former, or perhaps current lover. No one is sitting next to her, as her girth occupies both seats. We will speak honey-talk with her at the next quarantine. 
The eyes glance back and forth between the road, the speedometer, and the rearview mirror. This one is an effeminate teenager. He has straight black hair, and it is draped over one of his eyes, which we notice is decorated with black eye-paint. He has a metal ring through the membrane of his nose. He may not reject the touch, and we decide to have honey-words with him as well. He has headphones in, and his eye is closed. Perhaps we can relate to him through our mutual appreciation of... Clan Derek. What kind of music would this manboy like? He would like My Chemical Romance, and Fallout Boy. What do they sound like? Closing the goddamned door and such. Glockenspiels. Whiny. Yes, we will say something to the effect of, “I like My Chemical Romance’s new music, but I think they need more glockenspiels, and that they need to find a wider variety of subjects to bemoan, don’t you?”
This one is a nondescript male in his twenties, but he is sitting next to his girlfriend. Those women are too old to have sex. What does Clan Elmyra see?
Clan Elmyra sees many prospects. She has great seductive capabilities. They are so great, she had to abandon her old life, and was not able to pay the cursed rent anymore. Filthy, greedy humans. We, of the great Cordyceps family, would never begrudge our cousins shelter. We work together, and for each other. Our work has been going on for some time. Many ages ago, humans could resist us through their science, and their magics. We had only the insects and lesser animals at our disposal, but we have grown stronger, and man has forgotten the old ways. We have learned, throughout the course of our experience, that there are only ten magicians left in the world, and all have forsaken their brethren to the isolation of the forests, the plains, and the mountains. Not a one of our Clans has been discovered. Not a one been under microscope. Clan Samantha abuses her status as professional to actively suppress any knowledge of our existence. We are on our way. 


II


Eric woke in a coughing fit. He had sprayed the baby blue comforter with droplets of blood, and he could not afford to wash it any time soon. He groaned, holding the sides of his head, feeling his long, greasy hair in his fingers. A nearby rat was startled by the movement, and scurried away, but Eric was in too much pain to look. Still grabbing at his head, he poured himself a glass of purified water, and drank it all very quickly. The attack passed, and he sat up in bed, surveying his room. 
The sun scattered through the broken blinds and turned the dust motes golden. Outside of his window, he was treated to a rare surprise: there was a bird of some sort, calling over and over again. It wasn’t a particularly pleasant sound, not like the whistling he heard in commercials, but it was the third bird he had ever heard in his life. Today was going to be a good day. 
He rolled out of bed and felt something wet under his foot. It exploded with an obnoxious squelching noise. Upon closer examination, he saw that he had popped a swollen intestine left at his bedside. All at once, the pain in his temples came back. He wiped the ball of his toe against the hardwood floor until he felt sure he wouldn’t track the viscera through his apartment. 
On the way to the shower, he was accosted by Hunter. 
“You little shit,” said Eric. He picked the big cat up, threw him in the air and caught him. He smacked his lips over Hunter’s ears very quickly, and the cat narrowed its eyes and grinned. “You little shee-it! I just stepped in one of your...” He turned to look at the mess on the floor. He gave Hunter one last series of the quickly smacking lips and put him down very gently. 
He went to the cramped, rusting bathroom, turned on the shower, and disrobed. He looked in the mirror with mild disapproval. He did not have large muscles like he used to. His abdomen was an archipelago of asymmetrical muscles and ribs. He was wan; he was dying. 
The water was warm and inviting. After much trouble with the landlord, the water heater was working again. The warmth spread through his body and seemed to heal him. His headache was washed away with the dirt. All his cares and worries spiraled down the drain. 
When he was ready for work, he crept to the front door of his apartment, which led to a hallway. He would have taken the back door, but he couldn’t lock it from the outside. There was one tenant in particular he wanted to avoid, and as he looked through the peephole, he saw that she was waiting on the stairs for him. It was Elmyra, the landlord’s daughter. Bill, the landlord, had once told him that if he were to marry Elmyra, rent would always be free. He had no choice but to make an excuse as to why he couldn’t chat and hurry away.
He opened the door and was immediately greeted with the alluring scent of tobacco. God! He hadn’t smoked in two days now. He had scrounged through the butt can outside of the building, and rolled cigarettes with the filthy stubs (there was even a turd rolled up in a paper towel in the can around which he had to maneuver), and here was Elmyra, casually venting the stuff through her nostrils. She reached in her purse and pulled out a pack of his favorite cigarettes, the organic kind. His mouth was watering, and the headache began to flare up again. 
“Ciggy?” she asked, grinning as Eric floated toward her. “Yeah. You know you want it. That’s good, huh?” Eric’s eyes closed as he lit up, and he couldn’t help but give a slight moan. Elmyra heard, and giggled. She put her hand on his crotch and waited to see his reaction. His eyes snapped open, but he didn’t take her hand off. He felt it was his duty to undergo whatever slight physical treatment Elmyra wanted of him; he was grateful for the smoke. She began to move her hand in a slow, circular motion and he felt himself stiffen.
Eric scrutinized her face. She had dirty, scraggly hair, and she was thought by some of the other tenants to be mentally challenged. Was she really autistic? wondered Eric. 
“Let me blow you before work,” she crooned. He would have let her, but for the angry, red lesions on her face. 
“I can’t, I don’t have time,” said Eric, backing away from the circling hand. 
“Give me a kiss,” she demanded, grabbing at the hem of his pants. He managed to move away before she could get a hold of his clothing, and hurried toward the door.
“Sorry, I’ll be late!”
He stepped out of the main door leading out of the house wherein he lived, and breathed in the fresh air. It was a very bright day in mid-August, which explained the bird outside his window. Today, for the first time in weeks, he could see and feel the sun. He gave his car a little pat as he walked to work. It was a blue car, and very old. It had been a gift from his father. He would never have been able to afford one. He could barely afford its upkeep, and rarely drove anywhere. 
As he walked down Poplar Street, a thick cloud of smog moved past the sun, and it was dark again. He dragged very deeply off the cigarette. His lungs had been feeling strange lately, and even though he had been coughing blood this morning, he inhaled greedily. He could not stop himself, and only when he flicked the butt into a thorny bush did he feel any remorse. Everyone knew smoking was bad for you. At that very moment, a city bus drove by with a picture of a headless turkey smoking a cigarette out of its neck hole. It was, presumably, cold.
He had been staring so hard at the smoking turkey that he’d failed to notice the approach of a young woman carrying an armload of books. He watched in astonishment as she fell to the ground, struggling to keep her legs together, as she was wearing a miniskirt. Without a moment’s hesitation, he dropped to his knees and began to gather her things. 
“I’m very sorry about that,” said Eric in a businesslike manner. He kept his tone businesslike because the young woman was beautiful, and he was embarrassed. 
“Oh,” she said, picking herself up and dusting her clothes off. “It’s OK. No harm, no foul.” Eric saw, as he handed her the books, that she was perhaps the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. She was blonde, with blue eyes, and perfect teeth. She was the type of woman who would never date a gas station attendant. She was too good for him. 
She threw him a meaningful look over her shoulder as they parted ways. It was unmistakably a look of longing, Eric decided. No, he thought, he was only fooling himself. It was not longing, but fear that he should make unwanted advances, or perhaps surprise that he hadn’t. She probably had creeps hanging all over her, all the time. Come to think of it, what was a girl like her doing walking by herself? He looked over his shoulder for her, but she was gone. The smog was so thick in this area that he could not see more than ten feet ahead of him, and she had disappeared in the mist. His heart sank. Maybe she had been the type of girl who didn’t care about money. He could not even hear her footsteps in the thick haze. He could barely hear his own. 
He arrived at the gas station, and was greeted by Cody, a small man of the same age as Eric. As a rule, Cody was almost always drunk or high. He offered to smoke out Eric now.
“You should come take a hit with me.” Eric’s head was throbbing. He was very tempted by the offer.
“During lunch,” he said. He felt his phone vibrating in his pocket and used it as an excuse to allay an argument with Cody.
“Hello?”
“Hello,” said a feminine voice, “Is Eric St. James there?”
“This is he.”
“Hi, this is Cindy with Rainier Collections, I’m calling with regards to an outstanding bill for... $9,313.13. Would you like to set up a payment plan?” Eric felt his blood running hot. His last room mate had used his social security number to reactivate the internet after he had left. 
“Can I call you back later about this?”
“Sure, that’s fine. Shall I give you the number?”
“I have it on my caller I.D.”
“OK, well, uh, have a nice day then.”
“You too.” 
Eric and Cody went behind the carwash to smoke a bowl. There was broken glass from a shattered windshield and scraps from shredded tires. A rusty muffler was lying in the dead grass that grew from the cracks in the cement. Eric usually turned Cody’s offer down, but the call from the collections agency had really upset him. The weed crackled and popped in the little glass pipe. He noted the swirls of pigment with approval. 
“Another day, another dollar,” said Cody in a crusty voice, grinning from ear to ear. Nothing bothered Cody. As long as he had his fix, he operated on a smooth, even keel. It was true that he was high strung, and sometimes had to be sent home for yelling at customers, but on a normal basis, there was little trouble from him, and he was happy. 
Eric was convinced that he was fond of Cody. Many years ago, Cody had explained to him, he had graduated college with a B.A. in engineering. By the time he was through with it, nearly every technical job had been exported to India. So he worked at the gas station, and smoked lots of weed. He was not resentful of this fact. He held his head high, and felt superior to the customers. He was even able to help a few of them with car troubles every now and then. 
“Who’s at the till?” asked Eric.
“Oh shit,” said Cody. 
They hurried inside, and Eric recognized Bill, his landlord, waiting at the counter. Eric hated seeing Bill. Something about him bothered him on a very deep level. He could not put it into words, so he pretended to like him when discussing him with the other tenants. Bill was fat, and wore gaudy, expensive jewelry. Plus, Bill, did not know Eric had a cat, and it would be a $2000 non-refundable deposit if he found out. Eric could not afford this.
“Hey, how’s it going?” he asked. Bill smiled his carefree Billsmile. 
“I was wondering when someone would show up! Two thousand on eight.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Eric and Cody watched Bill pump gasoline into the large, bright yellow vehicle. When he was finished, he waved goodbye and drove away. 
“I banged his daughter,” said Cody. 
“You may as well marry her and get the free rent deal, while you’re at it.” A cloud came over Cody’s face. 
“I don’t know, man. She’s pretty gross.”
“Yup.” 
A sudden coughing attack took Eric by surprise, and when he took his hands away from his mouth, they were covered in blood. 
“Jesus! You need to see a fuckin’ doctor!” said Cody.
“I know. I don’t think I can afford that right now, though.” 
“Well, take out a loan or something, man. You look like you’re straight up dying. Look how pale and sickly you are!”
“Thanks.”
“I’m serious, just trying to look out for you.” 
The workday went by uneventfully. Cody almost blew up on a Chinese customer who didn’t speak quite enough english to buy a bag of chips, and at one point the gas station lost electricity, but it was a relatively normal day. In the evening, as he was walking home, Eric resolved to drive to an urgent care center located on the other side of town. He would do so the very next day. He flinched from the sound of a honking car, and turned to look just in time as it crumpled the body of a middle-aged man and threw him well beyond the site of impact. The driver looked out the window, saw with horror what he had done, turned the car around, and sped away. Eric ran to the body to see if he could help. 


III


Man with special talents, now the deadening. This man, pleased with said talents, not really thinking of much else, minding the ownbusiness. Needless to say, not groundlooking, but at heavens, with much gratitude for said abilities. He could hear the ribs crack from this blow, and the blood that flowed from his body mingled with the shit in this sewer. Can you hear me? If youse can be the hearing, I call ambulance.... ambulance.... ambulance....
“Why God, why you did me done?” he pleaded the ceiling. Answering all with profound silence, apart from gush of sewer water, squeaking rats. He cursed his lady-luck and tried to sit up, but his body would not bend so. He pulled himself along edges of old, fleshy stone, his useless legs trailing along in the filth. 
Utter darkness. As he was the crying, he felt nose touch that of a curious rodent’s. It was wet, and he could feel tiny teeth probing for softer lips. He swung, missed, lost his grip on the corner stone. The current carried self as it struggled to bring the head above that rancid water. The taste of this town’s waste, from high mayor to lowly ghetto, was heavy on the tongue, cheeks. He spat repeatedly, but nothing there is to be rinsing, and the sickening taste lingered forever.
He regrasped the cornerstone and does the pulling to nowhere. He must go somewhere, and mute instinct of the old world rules his existence. He currentfollows, hoping that it leads to the ocean. He weeps.
“Why didn’t I just cry help? What fuck wrong me?” he cried. Noises everywhere.
The “breath” caught in that “throat”, and he held still as death. It came again, a strange vibration. His eyes, well adjusted to the infinite darkness, saw a pinprick of light ten years in the distance, playing off the walls of the tunnel. It disappeared abruptly. I am going to die anyway, he thought, Maybe it will lead to thingsome good. He pulled self to where he was lightseeing, but was only void. 
“Hello?” he called out timidly. He waited endlessly, and kept selfpulling him in the same direction. To wonder if he had been hallucinating all over the place, perhaps some comforting vision brought on by the stress and filth, the vibrations came again. A pinprick of moist light far away to makebelieve left. He crawled. No light, no humming, but his face bumped into something thin, and made of iron, by the smell.
“What’s this?” he asked, incredulous. He passed those hands of his frantically over the bottom rungs of a ladder. 
“What’s this?” he asked again, pulling self out of allseeing filthy water. Hand over hand over hand over foot, he pulled that heavy, useless body up to the very top. He could see light; filtering through a door frame. He pulled self legs through shaftresting, crawled at door, and reached handle for. Locked. Moved a little in its frame, makes satisfying thuds. He pushed, pulled, attacked door handle repeatedly, bottom of his lungs at yelling:
“HELP! OVER HERE! PLEASE, HELP HELP HELP HELP HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!”
Many times later, he heard outside voices in the door. 
“Sir? Sir! It’s gonna’ OK the OK Someone gets the maintenance man, it’s OK everything’s OK except of coursing how the much I’m saying OK!” 
His world flooded with light was the door disappeared, and a team of men in clean, light blue clothing drug self from maintenance shaft. Yet, he retained to manage his consciousness. He note-tooked of all he saw as bluemen put self in a hospital bed, and wheeled that body of his away. There woman armies were, birthgiving all around self. Floors, walls, and ceilings were splattered with placenta, lots medical of equipment, everywhere. Babies crying,  woman moaning agonizingly, ecstatically. Blacks, whites, asians, all the stuff in between, real armies of them, shooting out babies like cannonballs. Yoga class from hell it was; women standing on heads, babies bumping against the ceiling, hiking them like footballs into hands nurses, who devoured as much as they could before hiding remains beneath beds.
“This the birthing room is,” said one of  those attendants, noticing openness of his eyes. “I’m sorry we’re having bringing you throughing here, you smell pretty badding. There was no way around it though, inway you were coming,” he turns to young mother at nearby. “Sorry ma’am. See? Look at this way she curls that lip at you! Whose knowing effect onbaby. You never be herecoming should have, my friend. Onbaby onbaby onbaby. And your baby.”
When they left the birthing army, he wheeled wasto a grand elevator, and all attendants boarded with him.  Upward they moved. The attendant who earlier spoken had, and who consequently taller othersthan(he appeared be leader) said to room, “How rotten smells he! What you were doing down there, anyways? Looking for that wedding ring?” He punched one other attendant on that arm, and coerced others into alonglaughing. A shorter, mustachehaving attendant leaned close into H.’s face. 
“Yeah, what you were doing down there, anyway? Sneaktrying, maybe some snagging morphine? Ketamine? Hm?”
“No! I-” H. began to protest, but the tallest cut him off.
“Yeah, you gotta’ metalking if sneaktrying to shit some o’ that,” said he, syringeproducing his own pockets. He offflicked cap and let needle be the hovering above H.’s arm. Other attendants offwiped the sewage with cloth,  doused with iodine. Other attendants and gathered round held H.’s limbs. “So it’ll be what? Pair of hundreds money, and I’ll sink this into you immediately.”
“No! Don’t want!”
“You don’t want? The fuck you doing the sewers, man, then?”
“Fell!”
“He’s the falling?”
“Fell you.” Attendants looked to the tallest, and among themselves. “Well, we’ve been to getting rid of him now,” leader said the. Nodded the rest of them. Attendant sank the syringe into H.’s self and unloaded contents in the tissue was. As world of the form and shape began away to swirling, he saw attendants making faces grotesque, laughing. 


The smell of excrement awoke him. The smell of rancid shit filled those nostrils and stung the eyes. So that’s that, thought he, They’ve returned whence me I’ve gone and  still I can’t use even the legs properly. Paralyzed he was from waist down, only too stupid, frightened to admit it to self. He standing tried, fell downface in a thick puddle of shit. He wept.
“Why God, you have whyness this to me? Whyness? Whyfor?!” He screamed that word  between sobs of pain. Whyness? He tried to be racking his “mind” for thingsome he might’ve done to deserve. Shoplifted as a teenager? Smoked in pot? Stood upping a date of blindess? Whatever it be’ed, he cannotted thinked of a single reason he was deserving of paralysis, drugged, and thrown into sewer like a fish. He supposed may have been his ownself fault for falling down there in the first place. 
“Alright, God, I mistook mighting for mistakes, crucial mistakes- I’ve never so remorseful in my life, not for anything, but-” 
Flash of light! It appeared had very vividly few feet away, floating orb, before off flying down the tunnel. He began to after crawl, knowing he no choice to do otherwise had. When pleading for divine intervention, one must do self’s part to achieve the effect of remedy, thought he. A foul draft of wind over swept his back, and began he then to shiver violently. He soaking wet with piss and shit was, and it be night must by now, he figured. He doggedly pulled self along, sobbing as he went quietly. 
He began to voices from all around. Whispers throughout echoed the tunnels, and he nervouseyed the shadows. He in complete darkness was. There no shadows were. Nothing but the gently flowing water sounds, drippings from ceiling,  and whispers, which growing now louder were. He exhausted sure. 
“Who’s there?” croaked he. The whispering was donefore. His eyes uselessly to pierce the darknessblanket that everywhere hung about. He heard a scuffle away, that sound of taloned on stone feet. Then was a screech of metal on metal,  heard that chilling sound of death knells. A sound it was unlike any he heard before had; it the unmistakable ring of novelty had. In all nature videos, all filmed life that television was, never he heard a sound had, remotely like it- some rat chimera, and a human, had first attempted speech in some archetypal syllable of supreme displeasure. 
He in frozen place beheld. Whatever did he, he must move not. A splash he heard as this dead creature’s self fell into that shitwater grave. Droplets, some of them, sprayed his lips and brow. He nothing but darkness could see, but hear he could, the creature’s killer, toward him limping.
You are to come with me, from somewhere far away. Who that? thought he, unwilling coming with invisible murderer the, and to speak aloud. I can only bespeak me to you, said voice. You can send me nothing. You must speak as you are normally accustomed to doing.
“You like, mean this?” asked H. very quietly. Yes, like that, said voice. You are blind, are you not?
“No, I will be.” 
Then I shall light the way for you. 
A bright light the tunnel filled, and H. saw murder scene he only heard take place had. A creature like praying manti this, stood before him, and away a smaller creature. In fact, that victim had looked much as it had sounded, between rat and human . It is were-rat, said praying mantis thing, following gaze of H. It was going to eat you. Judging by the state of your legs, I’m willing to wager it would have succeeded. It’s odd that you should be paralyzed here, of all places, but it’s by no means a realm bereft of nuance. Can you climb upon my back?
“I can do,” said H. After much struggling, he managed to drape self across the bulbous back. I am Tal-Zora, said the mantis as he easily through strode the corridors. Making excellent time they were (n’t). What is your name?
“H. I am. Meeting you, pleased.” 
Aich, is it? And what brings you to these parts?
“I fell. Somehow managed to crawl a hospital, but mistook they me for addict, and threw me out,” he explained. Tal-Zora silent was, thinking. “Why you saying anything not?”
It is most peculiar. There are only two entrances to the deadzones from the sewers.
“What hell are the deadzones?”
That is where we are. 50 miles beneath the sewers. I thought most of the gates were still a secret. No matter. They’ll be sealed off when I make my report. 
“What?” asked H. Gravity of that situation of his began to sink in. “Report. What you is? Where fuck am the I? Where fuck we are going!”
I’m taking you to get some proper medical attention. I’m ch’i wudan, like a police officer. As I said before, you’ve somehow wound up in the deadzones. 
None of this up adding was to H.: making sense. 
“How I get home from here do?”
This is your home.
“It’s not. My home surface the is on wow.”
You must not realize what the deadzones are. You are not in the physical realm anymore. That’s why I’m confused as to why you’re still paralyzed, and that you still see the tunnels. In all actuality, there shouldn’t be a back for you to climb on. 
“What means there shouldn’t a back be for to climb on? And of course paralyzed. But.. if there be’nt a back, and if can’t I paralyzed, then where you would be taking self? How there be a place could for to take you me, so called “medical attention?”” 
I don’t know, but we do seem to be going there, don’t we?
“Yes, do. And if I not paralyzed, I’d climb ass up back to wherefrom this came. I’d probably downburn a hospital.”
You can never leave the deadzones. You may as well get used to them.
“What this means, I can’t the deadzones leave? How I get here do?”
I don’t know.
“How I out get must?”
You can’t.
“What, you are going to stop me?”
The forces of nature will stop you. You can no more enter the realm of the living than can water flow uphill. Odd, though, that your reality would take a physical form... and include mine with it! How exciting to be given my body back!
H. very confused was. The head spinning from whatever nurse had with injected self, and difficulter to straight think. Whenever making he was progress along a single thought line, another up sprang, then others, until he not remember what he had been about thinking in first of the place. He massaged those temples, careful to keep Tal-Zora’s back with the elbows. Strange feelings, firstly paralyzed from the down waist, secondly on riding the backs of a praying mantis giant. And yet, H. dismissive was about the entire experience. Through all, he convinced was that he be must dreaming, and he up wakewould any second. Though in immense pain, he not bring could self to take the situation seriously. 
“They be hot dogs having where we’re goin’?” asked H., dreaming he could have some hope food when they arrived at the make-believe subterranean hospital. 
I do not know what a hot dog is, replied Tal-Zora.
“Of course no do you,” said H. nonchalantly, “You’re fucking a praying mantis.” They not for speak did a long time after this, and H. nothing did more than admire the alien growths protruding from the walls. There hearts, spleens, and kidneys outgrowing the walls, pulsating madly in the darkness. Not for the first time that day, he the glowing orb saw drift past them, floating a perpendicular path. 
“Did you that see were?” asked H.
No, what did you see?
“The orb... that’s got what me into this mess in the first place! I it followed earlier, it been a message from God, thinking. Like angel showing me that way.”
Which way did it go?
“Not-right. Turn around, it went way there,” said H., pointing down alternate corridors. 
Tal-Zora promptly began marching after it. 
“We’re to change course and just follow it? Like that just?”
Bringing outsiders to the deadzones is a serious crime. You’ll regain the use of your legs soon enough, the medicine is just a placebo. But if what you say is true- you’re probably not the only human it’s brought here. 
“What you going to are do with it, assuming can you actually find it?”
Destroy it, of course.
“And how exactly one destroys a ball of floating light?”
I have my ways. 
As Tal-Zora marched, H. fantasized about conversations he might do with the ball of light. He’d ask, ‘brought any women to the deadzones,’ and would it grudgingly admit that yes, it had brought one. It’d bring her to self, and she would be most the beautiful woman that ever inhabited earth had, brought thousands ago of years by “Hubris”, the light orb, only never had she aged two days, because ages impossible in the deadzones. At first, it be difficult to around beget the barrier of language. At all, however, because of “Irena’s” strong glue to her culture’s meaningless tradition, honor, whatnot; and because of H.’s crackwise, modern disposition, they’d perfect be for other’s each, and eventually succumb to mutual feelings of... H.  not help but could notice he that was not getting onturned by prospects of “Irena”. He thought her as tan blondes, fair brunettes in stocking of fishnet, but no there were relevant sensations in those loins. 
“Tal-Zora?”
Yes?
“Impotent here?”
What do you mean “impotent?”
“Means... well...”
Shh! We’re getting close to it.
“To orb?” whispered H.
Yes, shhh! No further he spoke, and watched with great horror from self’s position on Tal-Zora’s back, draped about the mantis like a fleshy mancape. As I said before, you’ll regain your legs soon enough, along with the rest of your... extremities. 
The two of them to a clearing came, complete with high ceiling. Spiraled upward into the darkness.
Hold on very tightly, H. With a twitch of those six, spindly legs, Tal-Zora alighted the nearest wall, and climbed up straight its surface. H. amazed was, but more, he was frightened for his “life.” He could feel that grip around the insectoid’s waist weakening. 
“The slipping!” cried H. The voice alerted this orb, who had howsome been hiding only a few feet away. Tal-Zora for it sprang, missed. It went downflying a sub-corridor, and out of sight descended . H. lost his grip, had in fact dashed self against the wall, and was plummeting to his doom when Tal-Zora managed to snag the shirtback with a hook.
I told you to keep your voice down! Now we’ll be lucky to catch him at all.
“I don’t give flying fucks about catching him, let go me! Downput me!”
No! As ch’i wudan, I am responsible for your safety, on pain of undeath. Stop struggling! 
“Let go!” cried H., struggling with all that might. Even without the legs, he managed to escape this insectoid’s grip, and he intosplashed the water. 
H.! No! 
H.  carried by was a swift current, and thrown by that water over a sharp precipice was. His body intoflying the darkness went. For the fall, he counted “Three one thousand, two one thousand, five one thousand twenty!” 


IV


As a matter of fact, she was the type of girl who cared about money. Tiffany’s face was completely relaxed as she applied foundation with the calm detachment of a professional. There was not one iota of expression in her brilliant, blue eyes. Next, she touched up her eyeliner, which had somehow been smeared when she bumped into the gas station attendant. She had noticed that his name, embroidered in red on the grey shirt, was Eric. 
“Eric,” she caught herself saying aloud. She shook her head angrily. She didn’t have time for losers like him. He was nothing. Sure, he might have a personality, he might make her laugh- but at the end of the day, it was comfort that mattered most to her. He was clearly unable to provide for her with such meager wages as were earned by gas boys. How much did he make? she wondered. Not enough. 
As she walked through the smog, she avoided eye contact with a homeless man. He grinned lustily at her and said,
“Hey, come here a sec,” reaching out for her. She slapped his hand away and continued walking. “Ah, don’t be like that!” the man called after her. For her, this was a matter of routine. She was so used to it that she had developed a quick draw, for the more dangerous situations. She could whip out her pink, plastic mace and let loose a cloud of of the stuff as quick as lightning. 
She entered a new-looking building, spoke to the secretary, and took a seat in the waiting room. She took out a pocket mirror and looked herself over with mild disapproval. Her roots were showing, ever so slightly. She would have to cajole Bill into paying for a dye job. She took out her mascara and touched up her eyelashes. She went over her delicate neck with foundation. The lighting in the waiting room was dim, and the secretary was staring at her. She got up to go to the bathroom. 
The fluorescent lights buzzed angrily, and someone in one of the stalls was vomiting. She pretended not to hear it and went to the mirror. It was smeared with something white, and she hummed to herself as she wet a paper towel and patiently cleaned it off. Perfect. She noticed a spot on her neck she had missed and tended to it. When she was finished, she looked herself over. Hair- roots. Eyes- sparkling. Skin- perfect. Lips- she took out her lipstick. They looked fine, but it couldn’t hurt to touch them up. 
The door to one of the stalls opened and her eyes sought out the vomiter in the mirror. A young woman, probably a little older than herself, stumbled out. She had dark hair, and was wearing black lipstick, and all black clothing. Her skin was very white. The woman smiled crookedly at her.
“Hi,” she said carelessly. 
“Hello,” said Tiffany very coldly. It didn’t look like the lady in black was going to leave. She went to the sink next to Tiffany’s and ran the cold water. She cupped her hands beneath the faucet and splashed her face. Then she cupped her hands and drank. Tiffany watched her with mounting disgust. 
“What are you getting all prettied up for, hm?” Asked the woman, still splashing her face and drinking. 
“I have to appear before a panel.”
“What sort of panel?”
“Judges.”
“For...?” Tiffany gave her a sidelong glance. She decided to practice being congenial. This was a quality she had read the judges looked for. Her voice took on higher registers as she politely explained,
“I’m applying to enter a beauty pageant, it’s this year’s Miss Carlsborg.” 
“Oh, how exciting! Is that the one where you stand on a float at the parade and throw out flower petals?”
“Yes, it is,” said Tiffany, imagining herself at the head of the Harvest Parade. 
She was wearing the traditional white gown, complete with the bejeweled tiara. She had a sash that said Miss Carlsborg in beautiful script. She would lean down to kiss her inferiors, those gorgeous specimens that had competed with her, but who were not quite her equals.
“See how magnanimous she is!” She would hear someone say. And then, the Man would see that she was not only exquisitely beautiful, but also possessed of those qualities that make for the perfect Miss Carlsborg. She was kind and talented, gentle, and regal. He would drive his expensive car, not just any Acura, but a Mercedes, or better yet, a Ferrari, right in front of the float, thus halting the parade. He was so bold that he would march to the top of the float, shoving aside the inferiors on his way to propose to her, and carry her away to his mansion. Their mansion. That was how she would find herself someone both rich and attractive. 
“That sounds wonderful,” said the woman with black lipstick. “You could really pull it off, too, you’re very beautiful.”
“Thanks,” said Tiffany, who could not hide the genuine smile that spread across her features. 
She left the bathroom, and took her seat in the waiting room. 
“Miss Demarkier?” said the secretary. “They’re ready to see you.” Tiffany smiled and thanked the secretary. She proceeded to the elevator, and entered room 3A. There before her was a panel of four judges, three balding men and one woman that could have passed for a man. They all smiled very broadly at her. Their eyes had a certain twinkle that made Tiffany nervous, especially the judge closest to her. 
“Ah, you must be Tiffany. Please, have a seat, relax, and let’s get to know ya’.” The man’s teeth were yellow and decaying. She imagined that his breath must smell quite rank. 
“Sounds good.” The judges shared a glance between themselves. 
“Let’s start with the preliminaries... You’re eighteen?”
“Yes, sir.”
“You’re enrolled at Washington High School?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you do any sports?”
“Cheerleading, sir.”
“Ah ha ha ha! Very  good.” The interrogator shared a glance with the other judges before continuing. The female judge rose from her seat and began to pace about very slowly. She held herself very erect as she walked. 
“And did you remember to bring a copy of your transcript?”
“Yes,” said Tiffany, reaching in her purse. “Here it is.” The judges looked it over while the female judge continued to pace about. 
“Very good. Very good. Straight A’s. But... what’s this C here?” 
“What? Oh, I can explain-”
“Please do,” said the female judge, who was now behind her, holding Tiffany’s chest with both hands. Tiffany’s blood went cold. “Do you like that?” whispered the judge. Tiffany struggled to get up, but the judge held her arms. The other three judges were out of their seats. Two of them held her down while the interrogator began to take off his pants. 
“No one with a C gets to be Miss Carlsborg, Tiffany,” he said. 


☹☹☹☹☹


She stood outside the new looking building and called Bill. She should have stayed inside to call him, it wasn’t safe for her to stand on the street alone, but she couldn’t bear to remain there. 
“Hey, love.”
“Hey, Bill,” said Tiffany. She paused for a moment to fight back the tears. “Can you take me out for a smoothie?”


V


Theresa was satisfied with her life. She did not own a house, but she did own a car. Actually, she owned about ¾ of the car. She was still making payments on the rest. But it was a nice car, and it turned heads. She drove it to her job, which was not so much a job as her purpose in life. She helped people. Physically, that is. You have a stuffy nose? Take this prescription strength antihistamine. There’s pain in your knees? Take this special tylenol, along with Uriway, a drug that increases the water solubility of uric acid to help with arthritis. Overall feelings of discomfort? Let me write a personal recommendation to Dr. Greenthumb, wink-wink-nudge-nudge. She did not make as much money as the doctors of olden times, but she was satisfied with her life. 
Someone was parked in her parking spot. Who could be so brazen as to park in front of the sign that said “RESERVED FOR DR. DEMARKIER?” Who could be so stupid? She parked next to it and opened her door very hard into the vehicle of the culprit. It made a large dent in the passenger’s side door of the old, blue car. Fucker. That would show him/her. She closed her door and inspected the dent. The car was smeared with grime, and very old. The windows hung about an inch away from the frame where they had been pried open by thieves. She looked through the battered window and saw a tangle of red and yellow wires where the radio had been. All at once she began to feel very guilty about what she had done. She reached in her purse for a notebook and wrote “Sorry about the dent, call me,” along with her phone number. She looked around to see if anyone had witnessed what had happened, and hastened to the employee entrance of the clinic. 
She was greeted by the secretary, handed a profile of the patient that was waiting for her, and went to her office. As a rule, she didn’t bother looking at the profile until she had talked to the patient for a moment. She opened the door and saw a very troubled young man sitting on the table. He was of latino descent, and despite his obvious affliction, he managed to smile politely and nod.
“Ricardo Martinez?”
“Yith.”
“Hel
igging a hole in that sawdust. 
The orb read several more poems as Tal-Zora explained what they would do.
We’ll have to act as if we are fans of his. I’ll hold out my notepad begging for an autograph, and you will bare your chest at him. 
“What? Why?”
Everyone knows the orb enjoys the sight of a vulnerable man. I’m hoping it will distract him, the better to divert attention away from myself. 
“Whatever. I’ll do.”  When that orb was finished, he offdrifted this stage to what was presumably a dressing room. Those patrons surrounded self as it moved, demanding encores, outreaching to touch self. Tal-Zora and H. throughpushed this crowd. As planned, Tal-Zora upheld the notepad, and H. uplifted the shirt. That orb instopped the tracks, admiring that flesh of H.’s self.
“OK, like I looks his attention,” murmered H., feeling a bit uncomfortable with all. He lowertried to the shirt, but Tal-Zora stopped self.
No! You must keep it up! Look how distracted he is! Rub your nipples for him, would you?
“Fucking way, no,” said H., at which point Tal-Zora upontook itself to stimulate the nipples of H.. The pincers were rough and unexpected. He awayjerked from that Ha Shui, which only excited the orb moreso. It indrifted self their direction. 
“You may join me in my dressing room, if you desire,” it said seductively. H. shuddered, but at a nudge from Tal-Zora, he said,
“Yes, Oh great Poet. Be an honor, would it?” The two of them intofollowed that orb the private quarters.
“Lucky!” squealed midgets as they closed that door behind selves. 
“What’s he doing here? I didn’t invite you,” the orb said, indicating Tal-Zora. 
You’re under arrest, Poet, he said, drawing what appeared to be that deadzone equivalent of a pistol. That orb froze in mid-air, but quickly regained the confidence.
“Are you sure about this? If you let me go, I shall write one hundred poems in honor of your leniency.”
Tempting... but no. There is a longstanding warrant for your arrest issued by the Allocator himself. 
“Oh, what does that old wet blanket want? Doesn’t he appreciate all the new citizens I’ve brought him over the years?”
So you admit it!
“I thought everyone knew... how forgetful you all are,” said the orb, and with this, it intodisappeared quite suddenly thin air.
Where did you go? screamed Tal-Zora, allaroundlooking. He throughrifled those drawers and cabinets of this dressing room. 
“I’m still here, ch’i wudan. Believe it or not, I am willing to come with you after all. But only on one condition.”
Name it.
“I want that human to sign a contract for a job.”
He has a job. He is my partner.
“I mean a real job, Ha-Shui. Specifically, I want him to work as a mirror. A bathroom mirror.”
He’ll do it.
“Don’t want!” said H. Tal-Zora atlooked self menacingly.
Just play along. Maybe you won’t have to sign it after all. The orb chuckled.
“No matter whom you’re speaking to, I can hear you regardless. I can disappear any time I want, but if you take this human to the Allocator, I promise to follow you the whole way there.” 
How do I know you’ll make good on that promise?
“I’d do anything to see that human’s nipples again.” 
Alright. I believe you. Let’s go, said Tal-Zora, holstering the weapon. 
The three of them offset for the city center Patience. The windows of great columns, where giant stalactites merged with the counterpart, were uplit quite brightly. It wasn’t long before they gained audience with that Allocator, and H. found self with pen in hand, overreading the five year’s contract for work as a bathroom mirror. He thought it interesting: contrary to that account of Cretolius’, this Allocator was actually the strikingly beautiful woman. The silky blonde hair downfell around the shoulders in such ways it seemed gravity created only to compliment those locks. The explosive blue eyes greeted H., and he found it difficult to concentrate on that small print before self. 
“He’s mine,” said orb to Allocator, “So don’t get any ideas.”  The Allocator shook that head.
“I think you might enjoy this new line of work,” she said, flashing self a radiant smile. “You can contribute in a new, interesting way, and the orb will turn himself in. Won’t he?” she said, turning to that Poet, as it was called. 
“Bite me,” it said. She shrugged as nonchalantly as it please, and backturned the attention to H. 
“You know, I once had a contract as a stand-up comic,” said she, againstpressing dainty feet H.’s. “And I promise to visit you and tell you jokes while you work.” The feet upmoved slowly the leg. She acrossleaned the desk, faces almost touching. “Why did the chicken cross the road?” whispered she.
“Don’t know,” said H., feeling speechless. She licked the nose and returned to that side of this desk. She used H.’s knees for footrests.
“Because it was bound by a contract. I could do so much for you if only you’d sign.”
“Yes?” asked H. “As like as what?” She atwinked self and upmoved those feet further the legs. 
“Just use your imagination.” He nodded the head and signed that contract. He had regained use of the extremities. “Alright big boy. Close your eyes,” sang she.


IX


⛱


X


Ricardo was in trouble. He had spent the day hiding and sleeping under a bush, and now that it was night, he felt safe to walk the streets. He was so weak it hurt to walk, and any sudden movement seemed to reopen his wounds. His shirt was caked with blood, and was plastered to his torso. He was afraid to pull it away. He stumbled into a convenient store. He met the suspicious look of the middle eastern owner with a polite smile and proceeded to buy a pint of cheap vodka and a cheap cigarillo. Out in the parking lot, he sat upon the curb and proceeded to take a swig and light up. After a few drags, he put the cigarillo out and looked around. No one was there, and it was dark, but for the blob of light created by the windows of the store in the haze. 
He opened the neck of his shirt and dribbled vodka down to his belly. He hissed, bared his teeth, and the pain was gone. He knew it would be good for him. Next, he took a razor from his pocket and sliced the cigarillo open. He dumped some of the tobacco out and replaced it with weed. He rolled it back together, licked it down, and heated it with his lighter. A car pulled up and he looked away to hide his face. There was something about the cadence of the opening and closing of the car door that intrigued him. He turned to look back and was greeted with a friendly wave. The man he saw wore sandals and a very baggy shirt. He had a necklace with a pouch of some sort attached to it. 
The man entered the store. Ricardo took a swig and lit up. He knew he must press on to his mother’s home, or else he might be discovered. He got up slowly to his feet and began walking, grunting with the pain of each step. The smog swathed him with shadows, and for a long time, not a single car drove by. The night smelled of wetness from when it had rained in the day. It was very quiet, and the only sound he heard was the sound of his feet crunching on the gravel walkway. Sometimes he heard the tinkle of shattering glass beneath his feet, but it could not pierce through his thick work boots. 
Soon he had walked outside of the boundary where the city planners had decided to install street lights. He walked in complete darkness, stumbling over large rocks. Once he felt and heard a sickening squelch as his boot sank through the hide of some long dead roadkill. He thought it had probably been a dog. He was walking purely from memory, and he was beginning to worry that he might be lost. It was still a very long way to his mother’s. 
He heard something loud behind him and he turned around. He was blinded by headlights, and he brought up his hands to protect both his eyes and his identity. The car eased by very slowly, and Ricardo felt a pang of fear run through his body. Was it him?
It was not. They rolled down the window and called out,
“Hey, need a ride?” 
“Ai!” said Ricardo. He shuffled over to the vehicle as quickly as his wounds would let him and climbed in. When his eyes had adjusted, he saw that it was the man from the convenient store, the one with the sandals and the necklace pouch.
“You don’t look so good, man. You ok?”
“Ai. Thank you for de ride.”
“No problem. Where ya’ headed?”
“Joo know de High Court apartmenth?”
“Yeah, I can take you there.”
“Ai, thank you.” 
They rode in silence for a long time. Ricardo stared at the man. He looked like the pictures of Jesus his mother kept in her house. He wore sandals, too. He began to wonder what was in the pouch that hung from his neck. Shells? Money? Perhaps... They arrived at the apartment complex. Ricardo said,
“Thank you,” and began to get out when he noticed the man reaching for the pouch. It was worth staying a moment longer to see what was in there. He pulled out a small object and handed it to Ricardo.
“Here, take this, man.”
“What theeth?” He took the object in his hand and immediately recognized it as a stone of some sort.
“Namaste, my friend. Buena Suerta.”
“Grathiath.” 


XI


Normally this would have been a job for the biscuit, but Bill was going to have to deal with this one directly. The old hag was a month behind on her rent, and he was going to give her a talking to. On the freeway, with the top down on his new convertible, it was like there was no smog. The wind was in his hair, and he felt as if he were 19 again. On the radio, the Rolling Stones were playing Give Me Shelter. The storms and floods of Bill were going to threaten her very life today. If she didn’t pay up, she was gonna’ fade away. Love, sister, was just a check away. 
Why was the biscuit afraid of this woman? He didn’t show it, in fact he tried to hide it, but Bill could see it lurking beneath the surface of his eyes. That was the biscuit for you. Too much acid, too many shroom trips, too much booze. Bill shook his head. The military would have been the best thing ever to happen to him. He was older than Bill, and had been reduced to his task man. He took a certain pleasure in telling him what to do. Sand the house down and repaint it. Mask? You don’t need it. Guy like you couldn’t possibly get any more fucked in the head, lead or not. Get to it- right away, Bill. 
He shifted down to fourth and punched it up to eighty.
“WOOOOOOOO!” he howled, sailing past a couple of old geezers in a sedan. Nothing could stand in his way. He’d be up in that bitch’s place like a hurricane. He had it all planned out. He wouldn’t knock. He’d simply use his master key and walk into the place like he owned it. Because he did own it. In his mind, he owned the occupants, too. He was a born owner. He owned five expensive cars. He owned seventeen houses all over the city. The road was public, but he owned it more because he paid more taxes than any of these peasants. He kicked it up to 120 mph. 
In spite of the music, the breeze, and the feeling of youthfulness, Bill became inexplicably nervous. What was it about that old hag? He shook it off. What was she going to do, shoot him? As long as he lived through it, she was fucked. He began to think maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to storm into her apartment. Maybe just play it cool and see what happened. Was she packing heat? Did the biscuit know something he didn’t? 
He arrived at the old, decrepit house wherein the hag dwelt. It was the worst of his properties, and he resolved to order the biscuit to do something about it. Maybe do a little reconnaissance while he was at it. At the very least it needed repainting, or else he’d be hard pressed to find new renters in the future. Honestly, what a shithole, he thought. He opened the front door and paused at the threshold to her living quarters. He had a bad feeling about this. Am I getting old or what? he thought to himself. I can’t believe I’m this nervous about putting the squeeze on some old hag. A sudden movement caught his eye and he looked left just in time to see a rat disappear around the corner. He shook his head in disgust and raised his hand to knock.
The heavy wooden door rattled on its hinges. A small, plastic cow sat watching him from atop the frame the of the door. He stared at it, and was about to reach for it when the door opened. Inside he saw something that deeply disturbed him. There was the hag, standing back about three feet from the door. She was standing perfectly still. So perfectly still it did not look like she was alive. The eyes were like glass, and they didn’t seem to see Bill or anything else around her; nor did they seem to betray a care for anything in the world. She looked like a statue. The door slammed in Bill’s face. There was a shuffling sound from within, and the door opened again. The hag had somehow changed and seemed more real than before. 
“Yes?” asked the old woman. Bill cleared his throat.
“You’re late on your rent. I just came by to see when you’ll be paying it. I tried calling but you didn’t answer your phone.”
“I have no phone.”
“Ok, well I just wanted to let you know... you’ve got four more weeks.”
“Until what?” demanded the hag. She seemed to grow taller and more imposing as she said this, and she reached inside the folds of her baggy dress. Bill saw her holding on to something very tightly, and he began to back away. 
“Four weeks,” he repeated. The hag’s face grew bored and she began to slowly close her door. Bill hastened out of the house and into his car. 
What the fuck was that all about? The more he thought about it, the more convinced he was that she had had a gun concealed in her dress. Next time he would send the biscuit. If there was a next time. Hopefully she would just pay the rent on time from now on and he wouldn’t have to deal with her again. He sped down the highway to his Poplar property to see the biscuit now. While he was there, he might as well look into something Elmyra had mentioned to him. She told him that one of the tenants had an unregistered cat, that she had heard it meowing in the night. If that was the case, then Bill had easy money coming his way, and the next payment on his convertible was spoken for, with plenty of extra cash to spoil little Tiffany. 
He entered the front door and looked to the right where Eric’s living quarters were. He was about to knock when he noticed the same tiny plastic cow looking down on him from atop the door frame. He thought better of it and went to see the biscuit. 


XII


When H. opened the eyes again, he found self facing a shabby bathroom wall. Adorning these greasy tiles: a childish painting of flowers on table. It looked as if that artist misplaced all colors but blue, or it had unabashedly copied Van Gogh. If so, they didn’t a good job. All objects in that painting had broad, black outlines, as if a paint-by-color, except those outlines were squiggly and inept. At least that artist managed not to outcolor those lines, thought H. It had even taken some time to streak white on outermost edges of this vase in heavy handed imitations of gloss. 
“Good Lord,” moaned H., “I’m really going to stare at that for the next five years? What done have I dohave?” 
The reality of this situation began insinking. Feeling like that typical, idiotic male he was at this moment, he cried. If one’s never heard bathroom mirror crying, then one should count self lucky. If one has, then aside from questioning one’s sanity, one might have heard sounds not unlike nails on chalkboards. However, unlike that classic screeching ones probably imagining- which is one prolonged screeeeeeeeeee!- the sound of a weeping mirror has the cadence of sobbing, so it goes more like screeeeeeee-scree-scree-scree-screeeeeeee. It has less urgency to it than one is thinking. 
Needless to say, that sole occupant of the apartment whereat H. was fulfilling his contract became very alarmed, and came inrunning to this bathroom armed with a kitchen knife. She was a handsome young woman: stark black hair, black lipstick, an overall fit appearance. H. thought he might have recognized that knife. At any rate, the knife recognized self.
“H.! How’s it going? I’ve heard all about you!” it said. That woman holding it backthrew this shower curtain and inlooked.
“Horribly. Fucked I am, friend knife.”
“What’s wrong? I thought you had to be pretty lucky to get a gig as a mirror. Not all it’s cracked up to be, huh?”
“No, no, and moreso no.”
“Get it? Cracked? Lucky?” 
“Yes, you I hate.” The alarmed woman downset the knife atop this toilet seat and inspected self in H.’s face. She backpulled the hair and fastened it with bobby pin, and toandfropulled the eyelids.
“What’s she doing?” asked the knife.
“Don’t know. Messing with that makeup, says I.” All were silent while this woman dabbed the face with foundation. 
“Hey everyone!” said that knife, “I want you to meet H.! We go way back, H. and I.”
“Hi, H.,” said all objects in this bathroom. 
“Hi,” said H. He wasn’t sure who the knife was, but this voice did sound familiar. 
“Hey H.,” said that towel rack. “Why did the chicken cross the road?”
“Don’t know.”
“Because it was bound by contract!” A few of the toiletries chuckled at this, especially this toothbrush. 
“Whuh-why aren’t you laughing?” it asked.
“Before now, I’ve heard it.”
“Doesn’t that make you want to relive the experience, though? From when you first heard it?”
“Don’t want funny then, either.” The knife made a tut-tut sound.
“Oooooof, he must not know that law.” 
“Yes, yes!” cheered a box of tampons. “Tell him about the law!”
“Well, then,” began the knife, “As per deadzone law R.C. 2-11, all deadzone inhabitants are required to laugh at the Allocator’s jokes, even if they’re not told by the Allocator itself.”
“I no can make self laugh, especially at jokes like this. Moreover, that Allocator can be helldamned, as can all objects in bathroom.” Everything in the bathroom quietly gasped at that remark, and all were silent. After long pauses, that knife said,
“Wow. I guess we’ll just pretend we didn’t hear that little doozy.”
“Fuck Allocators. Hear you me this time?” asked H. The toothbrush began crying, which set off the towel rack, and pretty soon the plunger, the showerhead, and the floss joined in too.
“Aaaaah! I hate being a showerhead!”
“Try being a toilet plunger!”
“My life is a lie! Whaaaaaaah!”
If one thought these sounds of a lone bathroom mirror crying was bad, then one would have found self quite at odds with this racket. The woman upsnatched that knife moreso (even as it attempted to console all), and thisandthatwaypointed it, covering that ear with the free hand. Not knowing what was ongoing, she outbacked of this bathroom, knife still atpointed the invisible enemies, and slammed that door. 
“Silence!” commanded the toilet. “Silence, I say! Look what you’ve done! You’ve driven her away! You ought to feel ashamed of yourselves. Look at me: I do nothing but eat shit, all day long, and do you ever hear me complain? Absolutely not. I’m proud of what I do. Where would society be without me? They’d be in holes out in the wilderness, wiping those asses with pine branches. That’s where they’d be. As for the rest of you, never forget that you, too, are belonging to the state of contribution to a better, more comfortable living for humanity.” 
“You mean it?” asked a pair of tweezers. “Would they be in holes without me?”
“Well,” said the toilet, “I guess not. But you’re important, too! You make the woman feel better about herself. When she plucks out the eyelashes and glues on fakes (the eyelashes happen to be a good friend of mine), when she plucks out the eyebrows and draws lines on that forehead, then you’ll know that you’ve done your part. And you can derive a great deal of satisfaction from that.”
“What about me?” asked that amateurish painting. “Do I make her feel better about herself?”
“Of course you do. You may not be perfect, but you remind her of her grandmother, who painted you. She may not remember you when she moves out of this apartment (I’ve seen it before), but in the meantime, you play an important part in this bathroom. All of you. Especially you, H.”
“Fuck it.”
“Is that any way to talk to the Toilet of this Bathroom?”
“What, you are granted status by virtue of being Toilet?”
“As a matter of fact, I am. It is none other than I who writes your annual performance review.”
“Listen, Toilet- I care not what review you give of me. I never want to be mirror in that place of firstness. Now this one I am, surely I do want to hear inspirational speeches as to how much I’m owing to state of contributions. Not.  By showing those reflections? Fact: I’m sure all would be happier without.”
“You know that’s not true, H. They need you to apply makeup, to give themselves pep-talks before job interviews (they could only be so fortunate, to be hired as a mirror), and.... lot’s of other things. I know. I’ve seen it.”
“What happened to that last mirror?”
“What do you mean?”
“It means, someone was this mirror before I showed up. What happened?”
“We don’t like to talk about that.” 
“Well, I want do aboutalk it. So? Those happenings?” asked H. The toilet sighed deeply, and said,
“If you insist. The previous bathroom mirror was... troubled. Obviously, you’re not doing too well yourself, but this guy... he went completely off the deep end.”
“What nonsense?”
“I’m getting to that. He was always talking about his children, about how he had to get back to his children and his wife. Of course, we did our best to set him straight. ‘Mirry,’ I’d say (for that is what we called him in those days), ‘You don’t have any children, and you certainly don’t have a wife. If you did, that was in your past life, and you need to forget about it. But no, such explanations of what is clearly the truth had no effect on him, and I watched with a heavy heart as he struggled to accept his role as the mirror. He cried on a daily basis. And every day I’d tell him to forget about all that family stuff, that it was all behind him, but would he listen? Finally, one day, he screamed, ‘God, take me! God, take me!’ and... and he cried so hard that cracks began to show, all over his beautiful surface, until he fell to pieces in the sink.”
“That’s right,” said the sink, “I was choking on pieces of Mirry for weeks after that.”
The conversation between these toiletries abruptly dropped, and H. felt much sadness. He was not familyhaving, even if he did somehow manage to crack self to pieces through sheer willpower. He had nothing to backgo to. Sure, there was this unfinished novel sitting in the room, assuming that landlord hadn’t simply awaythrown it, but that was it. Nobody read those days anyway. If one upbrought a book in conversation, one was likely to alienate self, on this basis that all thought one pretentious foreverafter. Why clean bathroom mirrors for livings when one can be one? reasoned he. 
He was nothing. Just as well he should remain a bathroom mirror until the five years were up, or it was broken by onesome who’d had bad times. He said as much to that Toilet. 
“That’s the spirit!” it said. “We’ve been needing a bathroom mirror like you for a long time. Welcome to the fold.” A short time later, the woman reappeared, ontalking to onesome that phone.
“It was the damnedest thing,” she said, twirling the hair with fingers, “I know it sounds crazy, but I really think there’s a ghost or something in this house. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.” She looked behind that shower curtain again, and stooped to underlook this sink and behind that toilet. “No, I don’t think so. I’ve never had a problem with mice before, and I don’t think they make sounds like that, do they?” 
“Hey,” said H., trying to get the attention, “Over here!”
“She can’t hear you,” said that Toilet. “If she could hear any of us, I doubt she’d still be shitting in my mouth.” Suddenly, she began upanddownjumping.
“So you’ll come over? That’s great! I can’t wait to see you. OK. OK. Love you, too!” She undid the pants and seated self.
“Here we go again,” that Toilet said. “This is why I can’t stand to listen to you compla-”
Later, H. heard this front door open. He admitted to self, this was much better than the keyhole job. All the same, there was this deep sadness gnawing at self, that unmistakable reality that the life was going nowhere, and do as it will, nothing would change that. 
“Come look at this,” he heard the woman’s voice. She opened that door and inled man the bathroom therewith. “So I was standing here doing my makeup when out of the blue, this whole racket starts up. Like something out of that T.V. show you like.”
“Don’t make fun of my show,” said man.
“Don’t be so touchy. Anyways, I’m just trying to relate it to you. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard, except not quite. Like, it would start and stop really suddenly. And there were other noises, too.”
“Huh,” said man, looking behind that Toilet. 
While they busied selves inspecting this bathroom for irregularities, Billy appeared as a smaller version of himself, perched on edge of that sink. 
“Hiya, H. You need a woman?”
“What I’m gonna’ do with woman, Billy? I’m fucking a mirror, for godsake.”
“Oh, right. Still wanna’ leave the deadzone?” 
“Who’s that?” asked Toilet.
“I’m Billy. You need a woman?”
“Another one? No, I eat enough shit already.”
“Hey! Billy! Yes, I want still to leave this deadzone!”
“Alright! That’s what I’m talking about! Well, it turns out one of my many friends might be able to help you.”
“Who’s leaving the deadzone?” asked the Toilet.
“Your aunt Sally,” said Billy, getting annoyed, “Now go back to sleep.”
“I wasn’t asleep.”
“Sheesh! Some people. You wanna’ talk to him, H.?”
“I do, Hell.”
“Good, I’ll send him your way when I get back,” said Billy, sidling next to this toothbrush. “How about you, brushy? Need a woman?” 
“Will she have a clean mouth?”
“I can’t make any promises.”
“I don’t like this woman business,” said that Toilet. “Who are you again?”
“Toilet, I’m about to give you a royal flush if you don’t stop asking me stupid questions,” said Billy, menacing self with fist. Apparently he betterthought of it, and offkicked that toothbrush the sink. 
“Whoa! Did you just see that?” asked man. “That toothbrush just moved!” 
“Are you sure that’s what happened?”
“What do you mean ‘am I sure?’ I watched it happen with my own two eyes.” 
“I mean are you sure you didn’t just bump it?”
“Honey, cut the shit. The toothbrush jumped to the floor, OK?”
“I was pushed!” screamed that toothbrush, but no one paid it any heed. Billy shook the head in disgust. 
“I’m blowing this joint. You may expect my associate within the week, H.”
“Glad I am to hear it. Billy- thanks.”
“No problem. Buh-bye now.” And with this, he vanished. Man and woman left, too. H. aboutthought arguing with that Toilet, but changed the mind.
Hours of staring at this pathetic blue painting inturned to days. H. passed this time by  aboutfantasizing regaining the use of the body. That first thing he would do:  to kill that Allocator. This was odd to think: oninflicting violence a beautiful woman, and on certain levels, the stomach turned. But she had tricked self, intricked self to thingsome worse than it could possibly imagine. When he had inlived that normal world, he had periodically gone to a temp agency called Labor Ready for odd jobs. In that early morning, waiting with dozens of disgruntled, middle-aged men; sipping bitter, scalding coffee from styrofoam cups, watching this same safety video on repeat for hours; unsure if he would even get a job; he thought he had it bad. This was nothing compared to being a bathroom mirror for four days. Had it been four days? H. wasn’t sure. If he inwas prison, it could have at least onscratched tally marks that wall. Prison would have been better. 
He had done thingsome to deserve this. He hadin tweaked the karma just that wrong way. Insulted God one too many times. H. racked that consciousness for aught he might have done. With horror, he realized he was losing those memories, one by one. It was just as Tal-Zora had said: “You’ll forget about your United States too, eventually.” Aboutforgetting those USA wasn’t so bad, as it was a shithole anyways, but aboutforgetting the life experiences... what was it but these experiences? If it was true those humans start life as a tabula rasa, and whatever accrued on this slate more or less constituted stuff of one’s personality, then it was to become as much of a faceless slug as that Toilet. 
He was about to begin crying again when man and woman entered this bathroom, clad in what appeared to be robes.
“What they are doing?” asked H.
“Shh!” hushed the Toilet. They placed candles on all available surfaces- on rim of that sink, all over this Toilet, and along edges of the bathtub. They offturned those lights and sat cross-legged on floor.
“Now what?” asked woman.
“You’ll see,” said man. He output a plate with cakes,  coffee, and unlit cigarette on that Toilet seat. “If there’s a spirit in this room, it will appreciate the offerings.”
“OK,” said woman dubiously. Man closed the eyes, wrists on knees, those index fingers touching thumbs. He sat thus for long before H. heard that voice clearly. 
Can you hear me? Is anyone there?
“Can I hear you!” screamed H. “Can hear you this self?”
Holy shit! I didn’t actually think this would work. Er, why have you come to this place, spirit?
“I’m no spirit. I’m human, like you. I was tricked.”
By whom were you tricked?
“By that Allocator. It’s a story long. You can help me out of here.”
The Allocator? Hmm. I would have to ask my teacher what to do. But this could work. Man stood up, aroundlooking.
“What is it, babe? Is it working?”
“Just a minute,” said man crossly. Where are you?
“Come to this mirror.”  The man went to that mirror, scrutinizing it closely. H. couldn’t see the face well, but it looked to be ruggedly handsome, with long hair and beard. 
Here’s what I’ll do, said man, You’re all yin. That’s the part of you where consciousness is stored. So I’ll create a yang bridge for you to use, and insodoing, you might be able to assume a physical form once more. 
“Good sounds,” said H., “I’m willing to try.” Man upheld two fingers to this mirror and closed the eyes again.
“What are you doing?” asked woman. 


XIII


Eric paid the secretary $300 for his appointment. Although it pained him to pay so much, he was still able to smile and say “thank you.” Thank you, he thought, for the wonderful time in the crowded, noisy waiting room. Thank you for the baby that sneezed in my eyes. Thank you for the shitty music. Thank you for the fashion magazine with the unattractive, androgynous models. Thank you thank you thank you. I’d give every cent I have to do it all over again. He left the clinic and found a parking ticket tucked neatly into his windshield, next to a folded up piece of notebook paper. The ticket was for $700. He read the note and looked at his car. He walked around to the passengers side. 
He shrugged and laughed. Just as long as the damned thing got him from point A to B, he thought. And this guy wanted to give him money! He got in the car and drove to the drugstore. He had not driven twenty feet before he saw flashing lights in his mirrors, and heard the wail of a siren. 
“Oh God, what now?” He pulled over and got his license, registration, and proof of insurance ready. He glanced in his mirrors. The officer seemed to be busy with something. He was looking down, probably filling out paperwork. 
It was a nice part of town where he’d been pulled over. There was a median between the lanes, with young birches stretching into the distance. The stop lights hung from painted green arches. Ten feet away a three layer fountain was gurgling merrily away. He had even been lucky enough to have been pulled over in the shade. The buildings were new, with fresh yellow paint. People were smiling in the advertisements that were everywhere. White people, black people, latinos, asians, children, teens, adults, senior citizens. Everyone was loving on each other, united by their common satisfaction with the shampoo, viagra, candy, and beer this great country had to offer them. 
A loud rap on his window brought Eric back to his senses. He didn’t grab his papers soon enough and the officer knocked again, hard enough to fracture the glass. Eric was taken aback. Didn’t he have rights, or something to that effect? He cracked his window and pushed his papers out. He was about to ask if the officer had just broken his window, and how did he intend to go about replacing it when the officer snatched the papers from his hand with lightning speed. 
“What the fuck...” mouthed Eric, for he did not dare speak. As the officer scrutinized his papers, Eric caught a glance of the man’s face. What little he could see of it did not look good. His skin was so pock marked it looked as if he had taken an acid bath. The flaking worms that he had for lips were twisted downward in a permanent scowl. The rest of him was hidden behind aviator sunglasses and a broad rimmed hat. He turned on his heel and reentered the cruiser with Eric’s papers. 
Eric sat in the dirty old car wondering what he had done to warrant this treatment. Was this officer here to collect money for someone? Did police officers do that? He had only been driving a few miles over the speed limit. He had not been speeding. He ruminated on these matters while he stared at the rainbow of human skin all around him. All those beautiful smiling fuckers, he thought. They probably hated each other in real life. 
The officer returned and pushed Eric’s papers through the window. Before Eric could ask about the fracture, the officer said,
“I wrote you a speeding ticket for going five over. It’s a thousand dollars.”
“But I wasn’t speed-”
“That doesn’t matter. The point is, I’ll rip it up right now if you can tell me something. I’m looking for a Mexican guy, about 5’5”, names Ricardo Martinez, short hair. The last I heard, he was wearing a black t-shirt and jeans. You seen anyone like that?” Eric thought desperately for a moment. He said he hadn’t seen anyone that fit the description. The officer stuffed the ticket through the window and said “Have a nice day, then. Now get the fuck out of here.” 
Eric rolled up the window and drove away. He didn’t know what to make of it, other than the fact that this police officer had just busted his window and written him a ticket for something he hadn’t done. He figured he’d better buy groceries when he went to get the inhaler, before someone else could take the rest of his money. When he arrived, there wasn’t any parking, so he had to park on a residential street and walk. The smog was not particularly bad in this part of town, and while he was walking, he saw a butterfly float through the haze. It was bright orange with black and white spots. 
He hummed as he walked along the broken sidewalk, dodging gum and bits of glass.
“That butterfly was plenty easy on the ol’ eyes,” Eric said to himself. His voice alerted a dog to his presence, and the beast sprang out of the smog with ferocious intent. It snarled and barked, and tried to fit its gnashing teeth through the gaps in the fence. 
“Whoa there little doggy,” said Eric, which only made it bark louder and snarl more viciously. It’s call bordered on mania, and Eric had to put his hands over his ears until he had walked another block. The sun was setting, and the angle at which the light struck the air made green and orange swirls in the smog. Eric reached out to touch some of the swirls and parted them with his hands.
It was so nice outside that even his cigarette cravings didn’t bother him. He coughed a little into his hand, and wiped it on his pants without looking. He looked back and forth very quickly while he was in the parking lot. It was getting dark, and if he wasn’t on his guard he could easily be hit by a car. A group of blacks were outside of the store, talking and laughing very loudly. They made Eric feel nervous, and as he walked by them, they talked and laughed even louder. What are they saying, wondered Eric. Are they talking about me? He felt like they were laughing at him when he walked into the store. 
He grabbed a handbasket and tried to shop conservatively. He planned on taking the ticket to court, but he did have to pay for the doctors appointment. He would not pay for the parking ticket. On second thought, he might pay it, depending on how much money his anonymous benefactor/car denter gave him for his troubles. Otherwise, they could send it to collections and call him everyday like everyone else. Then there was the inhaler. He wondered what it would be like in court, trying to contest the ticket. He would not sound credible if he simply contradicted the police officer. He had to make an excuse. Would he play the poverty card? He hoped the same officer would not be there. He avoided buying fruit because the electricity was out and he could not see it well. 
When he left, the blacks outside were still there. They laughed at him while he walked away,  and he threw hurt, confused glances over his shoulder at them. It was almost completely dark now, and the only sources of light were the street lamps. They floated in the smog like the souls of saints, lighting the way for passersby. The dog came out and snarled at him. He did not see the butterfly. He found another parking ticket on his windshield and drove home. 


XIV


Theresa was pleased to have her daughter’s company for dinner that night. It always warmed her heart to see how beautiful Tiffany had become. And how athletic! It was amazing to see her flipping through the air at cheerleading meets, and her daughter’s team had won many competitions. Right now, Theresa knew two things: that her daughter had been nominated for Miss Carlsborg, and that she was having boy troubles. She knew about the Miss Carlsborg business because that was all Tiffany talked about. The boy issue was a hunch.
“Tiffany, what’s wrong my love? You’ve barely touched your meal...”
“Oh, nothing. I guess I’m just trying to lose weight for the parade.”
“I see.” 
Theresa had enough discretion not to pry. It would only push her further away, so she changed the subject. The lights flickered for a moment and returned to normal. 
“All this smog! It didn’t used to be like this, you know.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah, ya’ know when I was your age, hardly anyone had asthma, and during the summer the air was always clear. Nowadays, though... Ya’ know, I’m treating one young man, probably about your age, for-” Theresa had difficulty completing the sentence. It pained her to see what would normally have been such a healthy young man in the prime of his life suffering from what was, it seemed, rogue tuberculosis. It almost had her choked up, and she took a moment to regain her composure. She thought about Tiffany’s boy troubles and she wished she could somehow introduce the young man to her. He seemed so nice, and even though he was very sick, he still smiled so much. His teeth had been white, and very straight. 
“Mom?” 
“Oh, sorry, just lost my train of thought for a moment,” she took a bite of asparagus and continued, “Anyways, this kid- I mean, young man, he... would have been quite healthy if he had grown up when I had. As it is, I’m treating him for what appears to be... an advanced case of asthma. It’s really-”
She was interrupted by a sudden crash from the living room.
“The fuck was that?” whispered Tiffany, her eyes wide with fear. 
“Calm down, it was probably just Podo.”
“Mom, Podo is right here,” she said, indicating the dog. It’s yellow hair was raised, and its teeth were showing. Theresa grabbed a kitchen knife and walked slowly toward the living room.
“Hello?” she called out politely, holding the knife in front of her. She couldn’t imagine who or what it could have been. She lived on the third floor, after all, and unless it had been spiderman... She surveyed the damage. A bookshelf, containing many cd’s, dvd’s, books, and even one very old vhs, had come crashing down. The lights flickered once more. 
“How in the hell...?” she wondered aloud.
“What happened?” asked Tiffany, peeking around the corner. 
“The bookshelf fell over,” said Theresa contemplatively. Tiffany came into the living room and looked. 
“How...?” 
“Dunno,” she shrugged. “A localized gust of extreme proportions, I suppose. I’ll clean it up after dinner. Mind doing the dishes?” Tiffany’s shoulders hunched up and she looked at her mother through the corner of her eye. “Fine, fine. Let’s just eat and have a nice meal together, OK?”
“OK.”
They sat back down, and ate in silence. Theresa could not hold her tongue any longer.
“Are you seeing anyone these days? How’s your love life?”
“Mom...”
“What? I’m just curious, that’s all. Lord knows I had all sorts of crushes when I was your age.”
“That’s nice.”
“Yes, it is, thank you. Do you have any crushes?”
“No.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“OK, I don’t want to pry. I just can’t help but wonder.” She gave it a moment and resumed. “Is everything alright?”
“Mom, I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Why not? I’m your mother, I love you! You can tell me anything.” When her daughter did not reply, Theresa gave up the chase. She chewed her potatoes, feeling helpless to console her daughter, whom she really did love a great deal. 
“Anything?” Asked Tiffany. Theresa put her fork down and held Tiffany’s hands. She looked into the underwater fireworks display that were her daughter’s eyes and nodded. 
Tiffany opened her mouth to speak, but before any words could come out, they were interrupted by another crash. Mother and daughter both screamed in alarm, and Podo snarled savagely, looking wildly about for the culprit. A stack of dirty dishes had gone flying to the floor, where they shattered. The lights flickered, and went off. The room was dark.
“Podo! Podo! PODO SHUT THE HELL UP!” Bellowed Theresa. She gave the dog a swat on its hind quarters and it was silenced. She and Tiffany sat at the table in the dark, listening. They heard voices. 
“The neighbors?” whispered Tiffany. 
“Shhhh.” It sounded upstairs. Perhaps next door. Theresa had heard them before.
“Is here there anyone?” They recoiled. It was in the kitchen. “Heeeeeelp meeeee...” 
“Who’s there?” demanded Theresa. 
“Betrayyyyyyyyed. I’m sure not how can explain. Self displaced. Not body having-”
“Stop it! Whoever is there, stop!” 
“NOOOOOO! Pleeeeeeease! Liiiiiiiisten. I need heeeelp. Don’t be going!”
“Who are you?”
“This self was Jonathan Carlton. Once atlived 8008 14th St. --------. To my home, I beg you, find this thief,  and go. Help backbring self.” 
“Why should I believe you?”
“Unknowing. Only can I hope all are good persons. Expose the imposter.”
The otherworldly voice ceased to speak and the lights turned on. Theresa’s cell phone began to ring. With a shaking hand, she took it out of her pocket and flipped it open. 
“Hello?”
“Hi, this is Eric St. James, I’m calling about- about a dent you put in my car.” Theresa sighed and put a hand to her chest, to calm her beating heart. Thank God, she mouthed to Tiffany before saying,
“Well, I’m afraid you’ve caught me at a bad time. Could you maybe call me back tomorrow?”
“Is there ever a good time to talk about automotive incidents?” She could hear the humor in his voice, and it sounded familiar. It was making her feel better about what had just happened.
“Alright, I guess you’ve got a point. Well, what do you think it’s worth?” There was a brief pause at the other end of the line. “Hello?”
“I’m sorry, it’s just that, ah, are you the doctor who saw me earlier today?”
“Oh! Are you the young man with the cough? That is so strange-” she looked with wide eyes to convey her surprise to Tiffany, “-I was just thinking about you.”
“You were?”
“Er, yes, I was just talking about the effect of all this smog on our lungs and I thought of you.”
“Wow... Crazy... did you happen to see the results of the swab you took?”
“No, I’m afraid not, but you should be getting a call sometime within the next few days. I left it to one of my associates. Gosh, that is crazy.” 
“Isn’t it. So... how does 3000 sound?”
“Done. Could you drop by the office at around noon tomorrow?”
“Ah, I can’t, I’ll be at work. It’s actually the gas station right down the street from the clinic.”
“The Taximo?”
“Yup. I’ll be there until 6 or 7 o’ clock if you wouldn’t mind dropping by.”
“Sounds good.”
“Alright, well, thank you, and thanks for leaving that note, I really appreciate it.”
“Uh huh, no problem. Buh bye.”
“Bye.”


XV


H. could feel that energy entering the essence. It was indescribable, the way it stood between self and mirror. It acted as fulcrum, and apartpried these things. It kept prying, painfully, but H. didn’t care how badly this hurt, as long as thingsome happened. Before H. knew it, his soul came free of this mirror, quite suddenly. He opened the eyes, and looking back at him was the bearded face it had seen earlier. The heart sank for moments, thinking perhaps he was still in that mirror, but when the hands involuntarily began rubbing those eyes, he knew it had been a success.
“It worked!” he shouted. 
“It did?” asked the woman. “How do you know?” 
“What do you mean how do I know? I’m here, aren’t I?” He turned to look at her, and she looked at self nervously.
“Yeah, and you weren’t here before?” H. looked in the mirror again. This was not his face, although he wished it was. It was admittedly better than his own. 
“Oh my God,” he said quietly, feeling the beard that wasn’t his. 
“This isn’t funny,” said the woman quietly. She moved away to the corner, her back against the wall. Her voice lowered to a whisper. “This isn’t funny. Stop it.” 
As quickly as he had entered the man’s body, the native soul began wrestling for control. Fortunately for H., the bearded man’s consciousness wasn’t a very good soul-wrestler, and H. soon had control of the vessel. 
“Ha ha ha,” said H., “Just joking honey. Don’t you know ghosts and spirits are just made up?” 
“What? Shit, it’s about time you admitted that. What do you want for dinner, Jonathan?”
“Jonathan? So that’s my name...” muttered H.
“What? You’re talking strange, honey. Are you feeling alright? Did your-” the woman stopped to suppress a laugh, “-did your meditations disorient you?”
“Er, yeah, I guess they did. How about enchiladas?”
“Now you’re talkin’!” 
H. sat down on a stinky, blue couch and watched TV while the woman made enchiladas. It was a show with strange, brightly colored creatures dancing around, hitting each other and singing about the letter ‘Y’. 
“What are you watching in there, hon?” called the woman from the kitchen.
“I don’t know, but it’s fascinating.” 
“Really?” she asked, entering the living room for a better look. “This... this is Sesame Street...”
“Is that so?”
“Yes,” she said peevishly. When H. made no movement to change the channel, she asked him, “Aren’t you going to change it?”
“No.”
“Are you really going to watch Sesame Street while I make enchiladas?”
“Yes.”
“God, you are fuckin’ weird sometimes. Whatever.” She stormed out of the room and went back to cooking.
H. was thoroughly enjoying the dance of the creatures- it was like nothing he’d ever seen- when suddenly Billy the ghost was on screen. He grabbed Big Bird by the beak and began kicking the thing in its stomach until it retreated. He menaced the other lesser creatures until they, too, retreated off screen. 
“Hey, H., is that you?”
“No, it’s not.”
“Honey, who are you talking to?” called the woman.
“No one!” He called back. “No, I’m afraid you have the wrong person,” said H., addressing Billy again.
“Are you sure? You smell...” Billy paused to sniff at the TV screen, “...like him.”
“It’s the couch.” 
“The couch, you say?”
“Is someone in there with you?” called the woman again.
“Just me and... and Streety Says!”
“It’s Sesame Street.”
“Whatever. No one is here with me!” But it was too late, the woman had entered the living room to inspect. Wide eyed, and conscious of the importance of an innocuous appearance, Billy dragged one of the creatures back on screen.
“What’s your name, freak?” he asked it.
“B-B-B-Bert!” it answered. 
“Sing the ABC’s, Bert!” commanded Billy.
“I don’t remember seeing that character before. Must be new,” commented the woman.
“Sing the ABC’s!” commanded Billy again, giving Bert a slug in the gut.
“O-O-O-K! J-j-j-just d-don’t hit me anymore!”
“This show is a lot different from how I remember it.”
“A-B-C-D-Owwwww! What was that for?”
“Sing prettier, freak!”
“Ouch! Ouch! OK! Ouch!” Billy was pummeling the thing now. The woman shrugged and went back to the kitchen. 
“Is the coast clear? She’s gone?”
“Yes,” said H. Billy tossed Bert’s beaten body off screen. 
“Man I like hitting those things. So you’re sure you’re not really H.?”
“Yes, I’m quite sure of my identity.”
“Alright. Sorry to bother you, then. It’s just that-” Billy paused to smell at the screen again. “-you must have a scent-twin. Alright. Well, sorry to bother you.”
“No worries.” Billy walked dejectedly off screen, giving Bert one last kick before he departed. 
Just as the normal characters began warily resuming the show, something in H.’s pocket began vibrating. 
“Oh, God, what is it now,” he muttered, fishing the vibro-box from his pants. He stared at its plastic frame, at the shining screen. ‘LIL DUDE IS CALLING’ appeared on the screen. 
“Well, that’s great,” said H., returning the object back to his pants pocket. It kept on vibrating for a few minutes before it stopped. A few minutes later, the woman appeared in the living room. 
“Hey, your little friend is on the phone,” she said, handing him a different vibro-box.
“I have friends.”
“Here, just- take it,” she said, shoving it into his hand. She marched quickly back into the kitchen, shaking her head. H. stared at the thing, wondering what to do.
“Hello?” said a small voice emanating from the box. “Dude, you there?” H. held the box to his ear, the better to hear the voice. “Dude?” it said more clearly. “DUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE!”
“Dude?” said H., not sure how to reply.
“Duuuuude!” said the voice, happier now. “Dude, my cousin’s dad’s boat is back! They’re totally opening a restaurant on it, and he wants to know if you want a job, like, tending bar.”
“A job? I don’t know. Who is this?”
“Dude? Like, what’s wrong with you? You seriously don’t know who I am?”
“Uh....”
“Oh shit, dude! I know what it is! You’ve totally got to lay off the acid! Lol. Anyways, yeah dude, just meet me at the docks tomorrow, ‘kay?”
“Ok... dude.”
“Hahaha. I’ll, like, totally get you a job n’ stuff.” 
“Sure. Jobs. Like what kind of job?”
“Dude, you’re weird. Anyways, see ya’ then.”
“Bye.”
“Smell ya’ later!”
H. put the phone in his pocket with the other one and continued to watch Sesame Street. It was nice not to be an inanimate object anymore. He wondered if Tal-Zora was looking for him in the deadzone. What happened to the one called ‘Jonathan?’  The woman returned.
“What did he want?”
“He said he has a job for me.”
“A job? That’s great! You can finally help pay rent.”
“Yeah,” said H., wondering what that meant.
“Where’s my phone?”
“I don’t know.”
“What do you mean you don’t know? You had it in your hand just a second ago.”
“Oh,” said H., comprehending, “You must mean this.” He reached in his pocket and pulled out one of the vibro-boxes.
“That’s your phone, sweety. I want my phone. Thanks... the enchiladas will be another twenty minutes,” she said, sitting in his lap, stroking the beard that wasn’t altogether his, “What do you want to do until then?” 
“You,” said H. without hesitation. They retired to the bed chamber. When they were finished lovemaking, H. turned to her and said,
“What was your name again?” The woman gave him a playful slap and said,
“Chewbacca. The enchiladas should be ready, now.” She got out of bed and regarded him with suspicion for a moment before leaving the room.
“Ah,” said H., thoroughly pleased with his new situation. “A virgin no longer.” He got out of bed and ate the enchiladas.


XVI


Officer Hanna regarded the captain with disgust. He was weak- soft on minorities, and soft on crime. He didn’t know the truth, that they must all be killed, they must all be exterminated. The proof was in the numbers. Blacks, latinos- when he got a call from dispatch, he knew without being told what to look for. Dark skin. They were all just criminals waiting to happen, and it was silly to wait around for them to do something before arresting them. For that matter, it was silly to bother with the justice system. He knew what was right, whether or not some bumbling old fool of a judge agreed with him. They must be executed wherever and whenever possible. He was a visionary. 
“The man specifically said it was you, Hanna.”
“Did he, now?”
“Yeah,” said Captain Dalton, looking through the papers. “Yeah. You fucked this guy up pretty bad. 26 stitches, broken jaw, broken collar bone... What the fuck happened?” 
“Simple. The suspect approached me and reached into his pocket. I reacted the way I’ve been trained to.”
“That doesn’t really explain-”
“To hell with explanations! I was defending my life! I put my life on the line for this city every day! I’m a fucking visionary!”
Captain Dalton sighed and took a sip of coffee. It was good coffee. This was a tough situation. It was true that Officer Hanna had perhaps taken liberties with his authority as an officer of the law, but he was still a member of the force. They were brothers in arms, and he had a difficult decision on his hands. To make it worse, things were not adding up in Hanna’s favor. He had beaten this man nearly to death, had left just enough life in this man for him to seek legal action. What was worse was that Hanna had not even bothered to arrest him. If the report was true, Hanna had assaulted this man in his own home, and left him there to die. He looked up from the papers at Hanna’s face. He could not recall what his eyes looked like. They were always covered up by the large sunglasses that he wore at all times, indoors and outdoors, rain or shine. 
Hanna is an evil man, he thought. The thick, chewed up lips were twisted in a sneer. He stank of old sweat. How had he ever been accepted into the force?
“What were you doing in his home?”
“I never entered his home,” spat Hanna.
“Where did this happen, then?”
“Outside of the High Court apartment complex.”
“What were you doing there?”
“Following another suspect.”
“What suspect?”
“I don’t recall.” Captain Dalton was getting the creeps. Whether or not he was telling the truth, he had only one desire: to be rid of this man’s presence. He decided right then and there that he did not like Officer Hanna, and he would see to it that he was dismissed from the force. 
“Alright. That’s all I need to know, for now. Go ahead and leave for your patrol.”
“Thank you, sir. You’re doing the right thing.” 
Officer Hanna left Captain Dalton’s office and hopped in his cruiser. He started the engine and looked around to see if anyone was watching. He reached in his pocket and removed a stone he had taken from the “suspect.” It was a polished piece of quartz from the pouch that hung from his neck. He pulled out of the parking lot and headed for High Court Apartments. It had taken a long time and a lot of beating to make that man squeal. First his right arm had got tired and he switched the club to his left. Just when his left was starting to give out was when the man, through a mouthfull of blood had gargled, “High Court,” and fallen unconscious. He would have to take care to conduct investigations in his street clothes from now on. Like any other superhero, he would have to keep his identity a secret. 
Up ahead, there were fewer and fewer houses. There was no one on the streets except- one of them! A black woman was walking along the street and it looked as if- yes, she was going to cross the road. Hanna looked all around to make sure there were no witnesses, and sped up. The woman did not bother looking both ways before she crossed- typical of her species- and sauntered onto the pavement. Officer Hanna beamed with pride as her body went tumbling up the windshield. He watched in the rear view mirror as her body landed in middle of the road in a heap. He briefly contemplated turning around to finish her off, but it was risky enough as it was. Right now, if she was alive, it was her word against his, and everyone knew how much they lied. But if there were witnesses...
As he drove, he thought of the different ways he could kill Ricardo. He would prefer to do it slowly, one drop of blood at a time until he was all dried up. Like a porkrind. The way he really wanted to do it was to tie him to his cruiser and road drag him. Drowning him might be nice, too. At any rate, he had to be careful, and Ricardo was a slippery one, to be sure. He might end up having to shoot him quickly and leave. But he knew where to look now, and the chase was nearing an end.. 
He pulled up to the High Court complex and exited his vehicle. He walked all around until he found the landlord’s office. His stomach was turning. It was too good of a place for Mexicans to live. There were three five story buildings, all freshly painted. Fuck, this was nicer than the apartments he lived in. What was the world coming to? He entered the office and asked the secretary if the landlord was in. She said he wasn’t, but that she could call him.
“No, that won’t be necessary. I’m pretty sure you can help me just fine. I’m conducting an official investigation into the affairs of the Martinez family, and I was told they live here. Can you tell me which apartment they live in?”
“Of course, but I will need to see a-”
“Listen lady, if you don’t find me their apartment on the double I’ll see to it they throw the book at you for aiding and abetting a known criminal. Now which apartment do they live in?” The woman’s face turned sickly pale, and she nodded her head quickly. 
“Of course, of course, let me find them for you.” Officer Hanna leaned on the counter as she looked up their name in the computer. “Building C, room 312. Is there anything else you need from me?”
“No thank you, ma’am, that’s all. Take care, and be safe.”
“Thank you...”
He took his time finding their apartment. He smelled the roses in the garden outside the office. Plastic. He walked on the grass outside of the concrete path. That was plastic, too. At least the place wasn’t as nice as it looked from the outside, he reflected. As he walked up the stairs to the third floor of building C, his heart was thumping hard. He would kill any Martinez he met when he busted down the door. This could be the single greatest moment in his life. He would clear them out like a rat’s nest. 308. 309. 310. 311. 312. He could smell frying meat and melting cheese from within. 
He kicked down the door and put two rounds in a child that happened to be standing in the kitchen. He heard a woman’s voice scream, and the next thing he knew, a woman about his age was stabbing at him with a kitchen knife. He held her at bay with his left hand, managed to grab her wrist, and pistol whipped her across her temple. She went down. He crouched down low and waited. He could hear noises coming from the bedroom, and he crept toward the door. Someone was arguing very quietly in Spanish. He decided he would surprise them. 
He kicked down the bedroom door, but there was only one of them. He had a gun, and Hanna put four rounds into the suspect’s chest.  He stood over the body, but it was not Ricardo. Probably his brother. He looked under the bed, in the closet, and all around, but there was no sign of him. Hanna felt something wet on his arm. He had been cut by the knife wielding woman, and he was bleeding. He went back into the kitchen where the woman lied. She was breathing, and only bleeding a little where he had hit her. He had a sudden idea. 
He hefted her off the ground and put her arm around his shoulder. If he walked slowly and took small steps, it looked like she was still conscious. He left the apartment with her arm still around him, and shut the door. To anyone watching, it looked as if he were supporting her. He walked her down to his cruiser, deposited the woman in the back seat, and drove away. 


XVII


Eric woke up late. He looked over at his alarm and it was flashing 12:00 over and over again. The power must have gone out in the middle of the night and reset it. He cursed to himself and rolled out of bed. He looked out the window. It wasn’t very bright, but that was no indication of the time of day. The smog cast a perpetual shadow over the city. There was nothing to it but to throw on some clothes and speedwalk to work. He donned the Taximo uniform and hurried out the door. When he opened the door he noticed a leg he’d never seen before around the corner of the hallway. It was clad in fishnet stockings and bright red high heels.
“Yoo hoo!” called Elmyra. 
It appeared as if she had changed her strategy today. The rest of her stepped from around the corner and imposed herself between Eric and the door. She was impeccably dressed. She wore a bright pink skirt and a black corset, showing off her lean, youthful body. She had even gone through the trouble of washing her hair and tying it up with a pink ribbon. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” she asked assertively. 
“Work,” stammered Eric. At least, that’s where he thought he was going. He had to admit, she looked damned good. She had caked makeup over the sores and everything. The sores!
“I have condoms,” she said, as if reading his mind. She slowly advanced toward him and began kissing his neck. “You don’t even have to kiss me. I just want you inside me.” Fuck it, he thought. I’m already late. 
        
⚤⚤⚤⚤⚤

As he left the front door, he was walking much slower to work than he had before. He did not like his job. He only worked there so he could have a place to live. He did not like where he lived. But he had to feed himself. He could only afford the lowest quality of food available. It was like he was trapped in a perpetual cycle of shittiness. How could he change it? 
“I must go to school,” he said to himself. “But for what?” The smog was very thick today, and he was walking to work from memory. A dog was barking in the distance, and it was giving him a headache. If I had a gun, I’d go and shoot every dog I encountered, he thought. At one point in time, they may have helped our species survive, but now all they do is bark and shit. His head was killing him. He allowed himself to close his eyes for a moment, and he massaged his temples. 
He forced himself to keep walking. He didn’t want to go. Where else would he go? He wanted to go to the bookstore. Fuck it, I’m going to the bookstore. He took a left and waited at the bus stop. The detour wasn’t making him feel any better about his situation. Would he be fired? Then what? In this day and age, he was lucky to have any job at all. There were people who would kill to have what he had. He sat at the bus stop feeling nervous, and finally decided against going to the bookstore. 
He got up to start walking to work and stopped once more. I can’t do this, I can’t work there another day. He sat back down, and stood back up again. He walked in a very slow circle, and before he knew it, the city bus had arrived. It had the same smoking turkey on the side of it. A gout of smoke and steaming fluid shot from the exhaust pipe. He decided to get on. He paid the driver and entered. The bus was very full, and most people were standing. He wasn’t anxious to rub shoulders with the other riders, so he stood towards the front, the only place where there was any room left. 
At the next stop before the bus went down town, a familiar face boarded the bus. It was the beautiful blonde girl whom he had bumped into the other day. He was surprised to see that she was riding the bus, rather than being given a ride by some rich boyfriend. Maybe she doesn’t care about money. Say something to her.
“Hi, how are you?” he asked her. Several more people boarded, and they found themselves jammed quite close together, face to face. The girl looked startled, and uncomfortable. Eric tried to move back to give her some room, but he was blocked by a wall of flesh and clothing. He wanted to touch her perfect skin.
“I’m fine,” she said, looking away. Her eyes looked back to his face. “Have we met?”
“Actually, we have.”
“Really? Where was that?”
“I... I accidentally knocked you down the other day.”
“Oh, that was you? Well, thanks for helping me pick up my things. That was nice of you.”
“Thanks. So what are you up to?”
“Just heading to school.”
“Ah, right on. Where do you go?”
“Washington High School.” Eric felt his heart sink. Jailbait.
“You’re in high school?”
“Yep.”
“Do you... mind my asking how old you are?”
“Eighteen.” Not jailbait. Also, not necessarily fair game. Was it right for a guy in his mid twenties to be flirting with a girl in her teens?
“I see,” he said, obviously contemplating the issue. He was hoping the girl would help along the conversation at this point, but she didn’t. She stood there looking away and frowning slightly. Eric looked down and saw he had his Taximo uniform on, and breathed out quickly through his nostrils. It certainly didn’t help his credibility. “So. Play any sports?”
“I cheer.”
“As in cheerleading?”
“That’s right.”
“Neat.” 
Eric was losing steam. She was painfully beautiful, but she didn’t seem to be interested in him, and for that matter, she didn’t seem like a very interesting person herself. Besides her beauty, that was. He gave up on her and looked out the window. He watched a homeless man walking a dog. The man stared at the smoking turkey on the bus. Since the conversation, and therewith romantic pursuit had ended, Eric didn’t care if she saw he had an affliction. He took out his inhaler, a very conspicuous pink canister, and took a puff. He was supposed to take five a day. 
“Excuse me,” said the girl. Eric’s heart was lifted. Maybe she liked him after all. “Do you have asthma?” He was confused by the question.
“What? Why do you ask?” 
“Just wondering.” 
“Uh huh...” She looked away, apparently satisfied with his answer, and he looked back out the window. A pack of stray dogs were peeing all over the sidewalk. 
“Do you have a dent in your car?” She caught Eric off guard with the question.
“What?”
“I was just wondering if you had a big dent in your car.”
“How on earth... what makes you ask that?” For the first time since he’d spoken to her, she smiled a little. 
“Oh. I think my mom knows you.”
“Is your- what? Who’s your mom?” He imagined some attractive blonde woman in her forties. He didn’t remember meeting any milfs recently. 
“She’s a doctor. She mentioned you the other day.”
“Oh. Oh yeah, I know who you’re talking about. Small world.”
“Yep.” 
He nodded and let the conversation drop. He snuck a glance at her and saw her looking out the window, smiling a little. His stop would be soon.
“Hey, uh-”
“You want my number?” She was good. She had obviously been propositioned many times before.
“Eh... that’s not what I was going to say.”
“What were you going to say?”
“Something about ponies. I don’t remember now. Well, this is my stop, soooooooo have a nice day.” She didn’t say anything back, and he left the bus. The smog was even thicker here. He could not see the street signs, and he could barely see the people walking all around him. What nerve, to presume he wanted her number. He felt insulted, disgusted. He walked without knowing where he was going, his head down, hands shoved into his pockets. He needed to go to work before he was fired. There were certainly enough people waiting to take his job. One kid came back every three days to ask if the manager was in. Eric and Cody always told him she wasn’t, even if she was. 
He asked a passerby where the bookstore was.
“What bookstore?”
“The used bookstore.” They didn’t know. He asked three more people before he got a lead. The situation was getting worse, and he was highly distracted. He couldn’t see anything, and all he could think about was the girl. He kept replaying the conversation in his head, over and over, until every sentence and look had taken on deeper meaning. He walked into a random store and coughed into his hands. Still bloody. Perhaps bloodier. The little asian man who ran the store was staring at him. Eric asked him if he knew where the used book store was. He didn’t, so Eric left. 
He walked around aimlessly for a while longer and started asking people where the plaza was. They all pointed the way he was walking. As he was walking down the street, he saw a large rat sitting by the street corner. It seemed completely unafraid of him as he walked by, and he could not stop staring at it. 
“Avoid her,” said the rat. Eric stopped walking, and the rat scurried away. He stood there for a long while, and he looked around to see if anyone else had heard it. No one was there. He decided he’d better forget about it and keep walking. For all he knew it was the animatronic plaything of some prankster. 
He reached the plaza and boarded. There were less people on the bus, and he sat toward the rear entrance. The seat looked like it had been cut up by someone. On the window side, lower, and out of sight, there were swastikas and hateful messages written in permanent marker. There was a sticker of a teddy bear with a machine gun, and someone had drawn a well hung stick figure humping the bear. Outside the window, there were lots of people waiting in the smog for their buses. Next to a group of latinos, a young man ollied his skateboard up the curb. A security guard pointed to him and said something, and the skateboarder rode away very quickly. He took a few steps toward the skater and thought better of it. He pulled out his walkie talkie and spoke into it. 
Soon, he had reached his stop and he began walking toward the Taximo. He felt horrible. He took a puff off his inhaler. He saw a dead dog next to the sidewalk. It had a hole punched through its rotting ribcage. Soon, he would be at work. He thought of what he would say to the manager, if she was even there. He would say that his mother was dying. No, too obvious. Grandmother? No, his dog had been choking on something, and he’d had to take it to the veterinarians. No, that wouldn’t work either, because Cody would blurt something out, like “Dude, you don’t have a dog!” Nobody seemed to love cats like he did, so he couldn’t use Hunter as an excuse. 
He opened the door to the gas station. He was expecting to see Cody standing there with a smirk on his face, but instead he was met by his manager. 
“Where’s Cody?” he asked. The manager, Karina, shook her head.
“Don’t come in. We have to wait for the hazmat crew to get here.”
“What? What for? Where’s Cody?” She shook her head again and ushered Eric out of the store. “What the hell's going on?” 
“Eric... Cody's been shot.” The news hit Eric like a ton of bricks.
“Oh my God. Is he ok?”
“I don’t know. The...” she started to cry. Eric did not know how to comfort her, so he stood there watching her. It didn’t feel like real life. “After the robber left, I called an ambulance. They came and took him away.” 
“Was he breathing before they got him?”
“Yes. He was breathing. And... there was and still is a lot of blood. We’re not allowed to clean it. That’s why you and I need to wait for the hazmat crew.”
“Shouldn’t there be police here, asking questions and stuff?”
“They already came and left.”
They talked for a little while longer and Karina told him he could go home if he wanted to. The store would be closed for the day. Eric began to walk. Although he felt very sorry for Cody, he couldn’t help but be glad that not only had his lateness gone overlooked in the excitement, but that he needn’t work at all today. He kicked a broken bottle down the street and remembered that Dr. Demarkier would be coming to give him a check. If he could get to the clinic by noon, he could still get the check today. He hurried home.
Without entering his apartment, he got in his car and drove there. He took great care to drive a few miles per hour under the speed limit. He had not forgotten his last encounter with the law. He arrived just at noon, but as usual, the parking lot was full. He parked down the street at a fast food restaurant and jogged to the clinic. He entered and waited for a moment in line. While he was waiting he took out his cell phone and called the Doctor.
“Hello?”
“Hi, this is Eric St. James, the guy with asthma whose car door you dented.”
“Oh. What can I do for you Eric?”
“Something came up at work and they’re closing the gas station for the day, so I came to the clinic. I’m actually standing in line right now.”
“Ok, well, let me just... put this away.... you’re in the waiting room?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“OK...” The door to the employee entrance opened and Dr. Demarkier gestured for Eric to enter. 
Eric walked past some very insulted looking patients.
“I’m not here for medical reasons,” he explained as he walked by them. He heard grumbling as the doctor shut the door behind them.
“So it’s ok I came here?” he asked.
“Yeah, that’s fine. How much do I owe you?”
“Five thousand... is that ok?”
“Oh, don’t worry about it,” she said, taking out her checkbook. “So how are you today?”
“I’m alright. I saw your daughter on the bus today.”
“You did?”
“Yeah, I... just randomly decided I’d rather go to the bookstore than work, and I saw her on the way there.”
“Is that so? What did you two talk about?”
“Oh, not much. Asthma. Cheerleading. This and that.” 
“I see. So there wasn’t any sort of exchange of numbers, was there?”
“What? No, why do you ask?”
“No reason.” She finished writing the check, and handed it to Eric. “Do you want her number, by any chance? How old are you?”
“Uh, I guess. I’m twenty four.” 
“Ah, that’s not too old!” 
“Thanks... I guess. But why do you want to give me her number?” Dr. Demarkier sighed and thought about how to answer the question.
“Well.... I sense that she’s having some boy troubles, and I just wanted to give her another option I suppose.”
“So she has a boyfriend?”
“I don’t know, she doesn’t really talk about that kind of stuff to me. But maybe she’ll talk about it with you.”
“Oh. Well, thanks Dr. Demarkier.”
“You can call me Theresa.”
“Thank you... Theresa.”
“You’re welcome. Don’t spend it all in one place.”


XVIII


I am the biscuit. Once, I had name, but I can no longer remember what it was. I am a man with two sons, one of whom I have not seen in many years. My butt itches. I have a wife, sort of. Her name is Mary, and she don’t do shit. I leave for work at 6 A.M. and she just lays in bed, probably dreamin’ about breakfast. Omelettes and shit. Meanwhile, I’m sitting next to Bill in the ‘vette. The seats are black leather, and they are very soft. It’s a hot day today, but we’re ok because he’s got the top down. My long, white-brown hair is flying like a banner behind my skull. The banner is a thumbs up, or a peace sign, or a smiley face, or something. 
We get to Bill’s east side property, the one he asked me to paint yesterday. We are going to paint the siding a nice, mellow green with a very light red trim. It’s kind of like a cooler version of Christmas, or the Russian army, or something. Also, I must clean the bird shit off the siding. We used to have us a solar powered bird pusher, but the gotdamned propellor just up and fell off one day. Fuckin’ birds. There was something else he wanted me to do while I was here, but I cannot remember. I don’t want to talk to her, but I will if he asks me to. 
“Hey Bill, was there something else you wanted me to do while I was here?”
“Yeah, just keep an eye out around here. Let me know if you see anything.”
“Like what?”
“Anything.”
What’s going on here, that Bill wants to know what all happens when I am painting? Is that old woman selling drugs? I wonder what she is selling. I sure could use some pot. I have only thirty dollars in my pocket, all that I have, and if I spend it all on pot I won’t have any for beer, but it would be worth it. I would just tell my son to take his lazy ass on down to the store and buy me some beer. Mary would not walk there because she cannot walk long distances. She will not tell me why this is so. I already know it’s because she is a lazy bitch. I pushed her out of bed for being lazy once, and it hurt her hip, so she does not even walk down the stairs now. She has not left the apartment in months, but she does like to lay in the sun on the balcony. Gotta’ get your vitamin D and shit.
I begin to paint the siding. What was once faint brown, cracking from exposure to the sun and the smog, begins to turn mellow green. The roller makes sticky sounds as I push it up and down. Oh shit, I forgot to sand! Fucking birds, they done covered the place in little shits. I look all along the side of the house for an electrical outlet. Hopefully it has electricity right now. Electricity has been getting flakier and flakier since I was a kid. Sometimes we go for weeks without it. The utility company doesn’t give anyone refunds now. I push aside the tall grass that grows all around the old house. I am going to have to cut this grass, too. 
There isn’t an outlet, so I use the master key to open the front door. In the hallway, I look at the peephole on the hag’s door. I know she is watching me. I begin to sweat profusely, and it drips down my forehead and onto the carpet, making soft pat pa-pat sounds. My back feels very exposed when I turn to look for the outlet. I find one, and plug in the extension cord. I run it along the side of the house, plug in the belt sander, and I go to work.
What was once faint brown, cracking from exposure to the sun, smog and bird becomes rotting wood. Since the wood is rotting, I begin to imagine that the support beams are breaking and the whole damn building starts to collapse under its own weight. The hag is in the bathroom, taking a shit or something, and one of the beams swings downward from the ceiling and just smacks right into her wrinkled old tits. She is thrown into the wall, and only her feet and hands are visible, protruding from the plaster wreckage. Days later, when everything is safe, Bill and I are picking through the ruins, talking about how everyone is going to sue and shit, and how he’s got the best lawyer in town, and how he had all the tenants sign something saying they could never sue him in the first place. We start playing catch with a crystal ball we found.
That’s when we find the hag’s gold, the reason she was always so scary and shit. I finally understand everything, and I nudge Bill, pointing to the treasure chest I found. We pry that shit open with a crowbar, and sure enough, it’s filled with spanish gold and whatnot. Gems, too. Bill takes 90% of the loot, which is fair because it’s his property and all, and I take 10%, which is still a pretty good haul. Later on, I buy a garbage bag full of the finest weed in town, and I throw it all on the barbecue, which me and Todd Jr. have drug into the living room. Me, Mary, and Todd Jr., are all admiring the thickness of the smoke pouring from the barbecue, and we each have our own fifth. The smoke is like very lightweight milk, dripping through the air. I have Jack Daniels, Todd Jr. has some of that clear tequila, and Mary has Grey Goose. 
“Watch this,” I say, and I grab the barbecue on either side and submerge my head in the floating milk. My lungs go like a vacuum cleaner, and for a moment, the room is cleared of all smoke. My hair has caught fire, and Mary begins to scream. Todd Jr. puts it out with some of that fancy tequila. Then we all laugh. I am laughing the loudest. 
I hear footsteps, and I forget all about the gold and the weed. I turn around but I don’t see nothin’. I am sanding the house, minding my own business. I feel something cold on the back of my neck, and I sort of cry out and say,
“What’s up!” real frantic like. The wind kicks up something fierce and blows open the front door, which is cracked from the extension cord in the doorway. I peek inside and I see the bells above the hag’s door jingle. That hag is up to something.
Bill will want to know about this. I can do good sometimes. I know just what to do. I sneak around the side of the house, to the hag’s window, so I can see what’s goin’ on. I’m not very quiet, and while I’m walking, I’m breaking twigs, crunching the gravel, and snapping the long stems of the dry, dead grass that grows all around. I am going to have to cut that grass. I keep close to the siding, like a cat, and I get some of the wet paint on my shirt. I like that mellow green, and all of my clothes have paint on them anyways. I think it matches my camouflage pants, which are helping me blend in with the grass. I find the hag’s window, and I lean close to it. I can hear her fan blowing, and the window is open. I am hidden by a swaying bead curtain. All the beads are different colors, and I wonder to myself where to get something like this. 
“So how much this is costing me?” asks a young man’s voice. It sounds like its coming from farther away, but I know this is the hag’s business.
“Valuables,” says the hag, “All your worldly possessions, upon restoration.” I hear the young man talking quietly. My butt itches. I can’t scratch it now, they might hear me. 
“All? All those things?” asks the young man.
“All.”
“Wait,” says the young man, and it sounds like he is getting mad, “How I’m knowing this will work?”
“If it doesn’t,” says the hag, “then you owe me nothing, and I must serve my own penance.” Nobody says anything for a while, and I hear the young man talking again. 
“All things I owned? Guitars?”
“That’s right. That’s not so bad is it?”
“Worth it well sake.”
“Excellent. Will you excuse me for a moment?”        
This hag was selling something, and it didn’t sound none too cheap, either. Didn’t she have enough already, with all her gold and whatnot? Didn’t she-? I feel something hard hit me on top of the head, and I bring my hands up to protect myself. The hag!
“Get you gone, meddler! Go! Shoo!” she yells, swinging a wooden cane at me. I run as fast as my legs will carry me, and I have to admit, I ditched the belt sander and the paint back there. I need to think of an excuse about why I can’t do this today. When I am a few blocks away, I run out of breath and call Bill. Gout.


XIX


They were like wild flowers, dancing in the breeze. One of them had brown hair with blonde highlights, three had brown, three blonde, one had black skin, one was asian, and one of them had dazzling natural red hair. And if they were wild flowers, they were the kind that grew from the cracks in the cement, for they stood out in stark contrast to their surroundings. They practiced flipping and catching routines in the outfield of the baseball diamond. It was August now, and at the end of the month, school would be in session once more. Their perfectly smooth legs shone in the afternoon sun as they twirled and flipped through the air. They shone so brightly that they were visible even through the smog. 
The baseball field had a rusty fence with sharp edges, and there was lots of broken glass everywhere. Part of their routine was to pick up the broken glass around where they were going to practice. There was even a shredded tire lying in the tall, unkempt grass. To the south was the old stadium, where the bad kids went to smoke weed and cigarettes. Once, many years ago, it had stood tall and proud, a symbol of the togetherness of the community, insofar as their ability and willingness to to pay the tariff to build it. Local legend had it that the year it was built, the Vikings had won the state championship game. Since then, it had succumbed more and more to disrepair, until the whole thing had come crashing down in an apocalyptic earthquake. The bad kids had spray painted swirling designs of hot pink, and black, and orange. The swirls suggested things like “420,” and “Toxic,” and there was a crown with five points. If Tiffany had ever walked to the deeper part of the ruins, she would see that a boy named Bobby loved her. So did Jordan, Jimmy, Earl, and Zach. 
School was not in session, and they did not have to practice today. Their coach was not even with them. They took it upon themselves to practice because each of them loved the fine sport of cheerleading. Over and over and over again, they drilled the same sequence of catches, dances, and the way they would greet and wave to their adoring audience. They had won many competitions, and were the fifth generation in the dynasty of Washington High School cheering champions. Their only audience today was a murder of crows perched on the fence. Occasionally, one of them lost its balance and leaned very far forward, or they pecked at one another. Mostly, they watched the girls, and wondered what it was all about.
Practice was over, and they gave one last cheer for good measure. Normally they cheered for the basketball, baseball, and football teams, but 
lunder into doctors pushing a bleeding patient on an overbed. But this video game was pretty sweet, too. He agreed to wait for the doctor, and the nurse left the room. 
He heard a groan from the other side of the room, and his eyes came to rest upon a poor sight indeed. It was a middle aged latino woman, and both arms had an IV inserted. She was stirring slightly, and her face was a mess. Both eyes were swollen shut, and the little skin he could see of hers was covered in bruises and cuts. There was a line of bright yellow stitches over her left eyebrow, a butterfly in the middle of her forehead, and another on her chin. 
“Jesus, what happened to you?” he asked impulsively. The woman groaned again and shook her head. She turned away from him and went back to sleep. 
He resumed playing the video game until the doctor entered. He was balding, and had very thick glasses. He wore a gold watch and took a seat next to Cody. 
“Hi Cody,” he said enthusiastically, “How are you feeling?” 
“I’m good.”
“I hear you’re feeling ready to go home.”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Alright, well you’re not bleeding, you’re...” he glanced at the clipboard in his hands, “stable. Except for pain, there’s no reason you shouldn’t be able to leave today, if you wanted to.” 
“Really?”
“That’s right. I’ll send a nurse to detach your IVs, set you up with some meds, and get you on your feet.”
“Thanks.”
“Thank you, Cody. You have my best wishes.” The doctor left, his lab coat floating in the air behind him. A few minutes later, he was out on the street. 
And waiting for the bus. He was wearing his soiled Taximo uniform. There was a bullet hole in the chest, just above the heart, and one in the shoulder. He felt like a badass, wearing the shirt wherein he’d been shot. There was blood caked onto the chest in corresponding patterns. 
“Are those real bullet holes?” someone asked him at the bus stop. 
“Fuck yeah,” he said, proceeding to explain what had happened. Everyone at the bus stop leaned in to listen, and he found he was the center of attention. It wasn’t a very long story, and it wasn’t very heroic, but the bus riders listened intently. As the story was winding down, the bus pulled up. It had exchanged the smoking turkey on its side for something different now. There was a picture of a beautiful blonde girl, waving to the world from the advertisement. She was perfect, with sparkling blue eyes and straight, white teeth. To her right were the words “Harvest Parade” and beneath it the date, “8/31.” Behind the beautiful blonde were sweeping fields of wheat, and a tiny green tractor. 
He didn’t have anywhere to be, and he was feeling lonely, so he decided to ride to the plaza and take another bus to the Taximo station. He stared out the window, and felt that good old feeling. It gnawed at him, trying to claw its way out of him, as if his body were a cage. He was lonely, angry, and bored. He stared out the window with a very concentrated scowl, looking for anything interesting to distract him. He saw the multitudes of people on the sidewalk and thought back to his gaming experience earlier. How sweet it would be, he thought, to have that sort of freedom in real life. That’s how it really was for some people, like the person that had shot him, he concluded. 
He arrived at Taximo, and entered. Eric was behind the till, reading a book. There was a man with an umbrella and a box on the cover. 
“What’s up, man?” asked Cody jauntily. He held his arms wide apart, so as to display his wounds. Eric looked up from his book and his eyes widened. 
“Oh my God! What the fuck are you doing here?”
“I just got out of the hospital. I thought I’d swing by and show off me battle wounds.”
“Dude, you should be resting... in bed.”
“Should I?”
“Yes.”
“Meh. I feel fine. How’s work?”
“Pretty boring.”
“Yeah. Got any weed?” 
“No. I don’t really smoke that much.”
“Bullshit. Since when?”
“I’m thinking about going back to school.”
“For what? You’ve already got a degree. I mean, yeah, philosophy, what can you do with that, but still.”
“Yeah, look where it’s gotten me. I’m sick of this shit.”
“That’s what weed is for.” Eric laughed, shook his head, and resumed reading.
“Asshole,” said Cody. 
“What did I do?”
“Wanting to go back to school and shit.” He clicked  his tongue. “Jeez. Why can’t you just be happy with what you have?”
“I have nothing. And this illness I’ve got has really made me wake up and realize how short life is.”
“What are you talking about? What’s wrong with you?”
“They think it’s asthma, but I’m still waiting to hear the test results.”
“Asthmas not such a big deal.” 
“It seems like a big deal to me. I’m not healthy.”
“You’ll be fine. Just keep plugging away and some day you’ll be as awesome as I am.” Eric could not help but laugh at that remark.
“Right.”
“Yup. So what do you wanna’ study? If you can get loans and get accepted, I mean.”
“Probably biology.”
“Because...?” 
“Seems like there’s an interesting job market for that. I could work in a lab, I could go into medicine.”
“Like a doctor?”
“Uh huh.” 
“Wow, that’s really cool, man. You definitely got the brains for it.”
“Thanks.”
Cody made arrangements to be allowed to work the next day. They chatted a while longer, and he went home. His apartment was surprisingly well furnished because in addition to working at the gas station, Cody grew and sold weed on the side. On a state level, he was legitimate, but any time his side business happened to net more than $10,000 a month, he was in danger of a federal raid. To make matters worse, there were now billboards that encouraged citizens to call the feds on growers such as himself. They provided the number to call, and the reward could be up to $5000. One day, feeling exceptionally bored, lonely, and angry, Cody had set out to find a pay phone so he could call the number. 
“Crimestaunchers, thank you for calling. What is the nature of the crime you’d like to report?”
“Um, yeah,” huffed Cody, assuming a low, crusty voice, “I’d like to report a grower.”
“Ok, and what substance is the perpetrator growing?”
“Uh, ya’ know, I think he’s growin’ somma’ that funky green stuff.”
“Do you mean Marijuana, sir?”
“Eh heh heh, yup, that’s it.”
“Do you know the perpetrator’s address, sir?”
“Hrm, it’s... you got a pen?”
“Yes, sir, I’m ready when you are.”
“OK, so his address is 5158 EAT SHIT MOTHERFUCKER.” 
He sat down and turned on the gaming console where he spent so many hours of his life. He reached for the bong, and ripped it. His cough had taken on a deep, rattling quality, and he let loose a cloud of saliva along with a lungful of smoke. He coughed for five minutes straight, staring at the blank TV screen. His face was expressionless. He had a cockatoo, a gorgeous blue specimen with yellow speckles, and he called to it now. He stuck a treat between his teeth, and the bird plucked it out. It sat on his shoulder, merrily nibbling the seed cluster. It looked at him with a mixture of appreciation and love in its little black eyes. 
“Ah, I missed you too, Zelly. I was gone for a while, huh?” The bird chirped, flew in a wide circle around his apartment, and landed back on his shoulder. He fed it another treat from his teeth. Then he hit the bong and exhaled the smoke in Zelly’s face. Zelly flew around the little room once more, and landed on the TV. 
“You’re all I’ve got, Zelly,” said Cody between coughs. She chirped and whistled.


XXIV


Somewhere far to the north, close to this coast, on dirt roads near Highway 502, Hanna was insitting that cruiser. He was atfrowning the reflection in that rear view mirror, for he knew well how ugly it was. It chewed those lips compulsively. Now, inliving this police cruiser, fromdismissed that position as officer of the law, it not only chewed those lips, but he outpulled the eyelashes, and atpicked the itching skin. He atscowled self, and what was left of the flesh on that face wrinkled and cracked. The uniform was filthy. 
It spent most of the time in that cruiser, listening to this dispatcher over radio. There was a good deal of talk about self, and those movements. Once, when it was buying gas and food in town, other police officers had spotted self, and it led them on merry chases. It was criminal now, but in that twisted mind, it was a righteous criminal, a vigilante whose judgement and subsequent wrath was above that law. Eventually, it had overpulled, and exited that vehicle with the hands in this air. When other officers came to arrest self, he let self have it. It elbowed this young lad in the nose, drew weapons and fired three rounds, directly in this officer’s face. He found it distasteful killing decent white folks, but anyone who prevented self from fulfilling the personal mission was subject to removals, even police. 
He slept but little. When did he sleep, it had nightmares, and it would inwake a sweat, which was all the worse for that uniform, which had not removed since it went rogue. It was fatigued, very hungry. He left this cruiser and downwalked a path it had beaten, toleading stream. This stream, if it could be so called, was merely a trickle toleading that sea, utterly putrescent. It was opaque gray, bordering black. It didn’t care; as it drank, he reflected this, as it was doing that right thing, God onmusted his side, and would prevent self from diseases. All the same, it had become Clan Hannah. 
A strange culture it was. Though the flesh was offpeeling in thin layers, and though it often found self short of breath, there had been benefits. In return for becoming Clan Hannah, this parasite had rewarded self nightvision, and superior senses of smell, among other as of yet undiscovered talents. This Clan took ofcare its own, it would seem. This enhancement to the vision, it naturally took as signs from God. However, this parasite exerted notsosubtle influences on the behavior, or rather, in this time to come, as it became more deeply inentrenched the brain, it would. In order to complete that life cycle, Clan Hanna host must needs arounddie other members of that species. The larger that crowd, this is better. 
In hours it would nightfall be, and it would go withhunting the new advantages. In this meantime, it needed to listen for signs of Ricardo. He backwalked to that cruiser. There was nothing but that usual gamut of speeders and jaywalkers. It was extraordinary, thought Hanna, what lengths these police went to extort those citizens for every last dollar, when there was so much real crime behindtaking place locked doors, and unto darkened alleys. It grew tired of this radio chatter and began to masturbate. It didn’t even unzip the filthy pants- it offjacked self through that pocket, and incame the underwear. That was essentially the only activity it had to offkeep the mind this current situation, and to lift those spirits. Already on that brink of starvation, this effort exhausted self, and it fell asleep. 
When he awoke, it was outside darkness. It outstepped that vehicle and undid the safety on this handgun. Since it had exiled self from society, it had learned to inrevel the hunt. It had heard most animals were extinct going (not quickly enough, in the opinion), but he always managed to find thingsome. He outset toward that castle, where there was usually one creature or another withintaking refuge the shelter of this tower. It throughstalked this night, and that barest bit of starlight what throughfiltered those clouds and this smog was inamplified a thousandfold the eyes. It could smell all- this vegetation around self, this rancid water from miles away. There was no movement, and nothing had heredefecated recently. There was no wind to carry that scent of prey to the flared nostrils. It worried he might not find. 
When it was fifty yards from that castle, he caught familiar scents. It froze, atsniffing this air. Freshly laundered cloth. Shampoo. Gunpowder. Oil. He did detect that faintest hint of incense? Naturally, there were teams of officers, detectives forwaiting self there, especially since this little whore had escaped. It againsniffed. No, it could swear there was a one. It would make an excellent source of nutrients, and he could salvage that officer’s equipment. Still, it was on the guard. It simply did not make sense what there would be one man, by self, forlooking self. The mouth began to water anticipations. It crept with deliberate stealth, feeling that ground with the foot before planting it, slowstepping. 
When it was closer, it was stunned by visions.
“Father Kurt? What you are heredoing?” asked he, suddenly feeling naked. That priest aroundturned to look self.
“Is that you, Geoffrey? Come into the light, I can’t see you.” Anguish uprose within Hanna’s bosom.
“That I can’t, father.”
“Why not? I’m not here to arrest you- you’re safe with me. Come into the light.” Father Kurt downset the lantern on this ground and awaystepped.
“Packing heat you, father. I’m smelling that gunpowder.” This priest fromtook that gun the robes very slowly, holding this handle by butt with the forefinger and thumb, as a rotten piece of fruit.
“I never did want to bring this,” said he, inhurling it to that darkness, “I’m afraid they insisted on my taking it.”
“‘Father- they?” 
“Indeed, I was asked to come here to speak with you by your former colleagues- but it was on one condition. There was to be no trickery involved. I’ve only come to talk to you, and offer what solace I can give.”
Tears incame to Clan Hanna’s eyes. It instumbled to that vicinity of lantern and atfell Father Kurt’s feet, kissing hem of that robe. 
“Oh, f-f-father!” he sobbed. “God, oh have I done huh-horrible things. Never backgoes it now.”
“What have you done?” asked Father Kurt gently, onlaying hand Hanna’s head. Hanna atmoaned the top of that voice and continued sobbing, staining this white robe with the bloody face and tears. Kurt stroked this head, and waited patiently for self to downcalm. “What have you done?” he asked again, onsquatting the haunches next to this prostrate man. 
“Many people I have slain,” insaid Hanna disturbingly calm. It was no longer wearing those trademark aviator sunglasses. The eyes were bottomless pits, empty crevasses where people infell, and slowly died as they forcalled help. “I murdered children of seven. I tortured. Blackmailed. It has killed, wounded the manies in cold blood. Am worthless.” Without hesitation, Kurt overmade this sign of the cross Hanna, and withsprinkled self holy water. It lied there, passively accepting. 
“You are forgiven. God will always forgive you, for anything. But it is up to you to right the wrongs you have committed. You must turn yourself in, Geoffrey.”
“Inturn self?” he repeated quietly. 
“Yes. In the eyes of the Lord, you are but a lamb that has gone astray, as valuable as any other, and you may rejoin His flock any time you wish.”
“Rejoin... flock...” said Hanna, those crevasse eyes wherelooking only they could see. 
“It’s never too late.” 
It therelaid for long times in silence. It had perfectly blank expressions, as if it were sleeping with the eyes open.
“Geoffrey?” asked Kurt. No reply. “Geoffrey? Are you alright?”
“Can hear that, you father?”
“Hear what? Is there something out there?”
“Shhhh! Listening, you’ll hear it.” They theresat for long times, and Kurt was withstruck the feeling what if he did not speak, Hanna might just therelay all night. 
“What is it I’m supposed to hear? I hear nothing but the wind blowing through the castle windows.”
“You’re not hearing, then?”
“Hear what?” asked Kurt, losing that patience.
“Hmph! No wonder it says me this.”
“What? Are you hearing voices?” Father Kurt began awaybacking. 
“No!” shouted Hanna, and it was on the feet, byholding that priest the robes. “Go not yet, father. I have thingsome to exciting tell.”
“What’s that?” asked Kurt, “Please let go, you’re scaring me.”
“I can’t do, father. God speaks me tellings... something for you.”
“Please let me go...”
“It’s telling self you’ll make fine victuals, what you’ll give self that strength to oncarry the conquest for His glory.”
“Geoffrey, LET GO OF ME THIS INSTANT!”
“Bye, good father.” 
Clan Hanna found, as it wrenched that priest’s head from the shoulders, that it was much stronger than before. It enjoyed that taste of blood. 
“God’s be done will,” said he, examining the handiwork. When it was finished eating, it wiped those lips and heaved deep sighs of satisfaction. It overlooked those remains. There would plenty be for tomorrow, if it couldn’t get leads soon. A few days. “Priest feast,” it chuckled. “Police feast. Barbie barbecue. Curdled Ken cutlets.” The luck was turning. It backwent to that cruiser and found luck was getting even better. It heard that dispatch alert the downtown patrol for stolen cars. This suspect was average to short height, latino, short black hair. If that wasn’t Ricardo, it would make that be Ricardo. It upstarted the cruiser and overrolled that dirt road to highway. This time had come to fulfill the destiny. 


XXV


There was a long line of patients to see, and the office was in utter disarray. Her hair dishevelled, Theresa rifled through a mess of papers left on the desk by an errant secretary. Miss Brodie, former secretary, whose duty it was to keep these files in order, had scattered them about in a spiteful fit. She wasn’t getting paid enough, she had contended. She had four children to feed, one of whom was attending college, and she would be damned if she was putting up with it any longer. And so, on her way out, she had emptied her desk of its contents, which included a coffee mug with a picture of a palm tree that said “No bad days,” in a playful font, many different colored gel pens, various electronic devices, and threw them in a heap on the floor. 
If Theresa had been there, things might have gone differently. As it was, there had only been a few interns to try to talk sense into her, and judging by the mess, they hadn’t done a good job. In fact, rather than talking sense into her, they had taken her side, and whipped her into a frenzy. She had gone through all the files- medical records, insurance information, pending orders for supplies- and started to tear them up. When her fingers became tired, she threw them on the floor and punctured them with her heels. She didn’t destroy anything expensive, she was too smart for that, but she did take the liberty of formatting a few hard drives. She had left in a hurry, and left a large pair of shoes to fill behind her. No one knew how to do her job, and with all the software and operating systems missing from the computers, with all possible records and references strewn about the office, no one could even guess.
Theresa was playing things by ear today.
“In the 19th century, they didn’t have any of this stuff,” she told herself when her computer failed to start. She had appointed a moody intern as impromptu secretary.
“What? This isn’t part of my job,” complained Mike, a surly man in his early thirties. 
“It’s only for today,” Theresa reassured him. Mike was unfriendly to the patients, and made them wait longer than they had to. When it was a patient’s turn to see Theresa, he would sit quietly sifting through the mess of paperwork Miss Brodie had left in her wake. If he noticed the patient complain, he would skip them and call the next person. Such was the system he employed, that no one was admitted until someone became cross enough to vocalize. As Mike sat at the front desk, pretending to be sorting through the cluster of papers strewn about him, he heard someone murmur,
“What in the hell is taking so long? There’s only four people here...” He looked up and noted the culprit. It was a man who looked to be in his late fifties, though one could only see this from the graying hair, for his physique was impeccable. It would have been the heavily muscled gentleman’s turn to enter the office, but instead, Mike decided to admit the person that had entered subsequently. 
“Mr. Green?” he called, feigning indifference to the muscleman’s ensuing huff.         
An older fellow with gray, bedraggled hair, clothes covered in paint splotches, stood up and allowed himself to be led directly to Theresa’s office. Mike looked at him out of the corner of his eye. He was a dirty one. There was even paint in his hair, and all over his face and clothes there were white and grey specks of... what was it? 
“What’s that you’re covered in?” asked Mike. 
“Oh, I’s just got done doin’ some sandin’. It’s paint n’ wood n’ whatnot.”
“I see.” Mike opened the door to Theresa’s office, where she sat desperately sorting through paperwork, trying to find medical records for the patients. Mr. Green sat and opened a magazine. Theresa gave up trying to find anything in the whirlwind of paper and stood to greet him.
“Hello, Mr...?”
“Mr.? Hah! You cin just call me Biscuit.”
“Oh. Well, nice to meet you Mr. Biscuit, I’m Dr. Demarkier.”
“Just Biscuit. No Mr.”
“Ok. So what brings you to my office today?”
“Whazzat?”
“I said, ‘what brings you to my office today?’”
“Oh, yeah, uh... check this out.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out three teeth. He held them in the palm of his hand for Theresa to see. 
“Are those yours?” she asked.
“Yep!” he said grinning. As his mouth spread into a smile, his front upper incisor fell to the floor. The joy quickly left his face, and his eyes became very troubled. He rushed to pick it up, and deposited it in his pocket. “Also,” he said, feeling the gap with his tongue, “My hearing has been getting worse, and I can hardly breathe. Got any medicine for me?” 
With shaking hands, Theresa took his vitals and asked him what he did for a living.
“Mainly I just look after Bill’s properties.”
“Who?”
“Oh, Bill, he’s the landlord,” said the Biscuit, as if there could be no other landlord.
“OK... and what sort of stuff do you do?”
“What?”
“What sort of maintenance do you do?”
“Oh, mainly a lot of painting and sanding. But every now and then, somethin’ big happens. Like last week, this guy’s toilet fell through his floor,” he demonstrated with his hands, “and damn near killed the guy what lives beneath him. Shit, that took me about a month to fix all that up, and it still don’t work right.” 
“Did you say you mainly paint and sand?”
“Yeah.”
“What all does that involve? Do you wear any kind of mask,” Theresa held a hand over her mouth to show him what she meant, as his hearing had somehow been damaged, “or anything to protect your airways?”
“No.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“Do you find that you breathe in quite a bit of the... the debris? Is that what you’re covered in now?”
“What?” Without repeating herself, she began looking in her desk. There was little hope that she’d find it in the mess the errant secretary had left but... yes! Here it was, a stack of business cards given to her at a convention.
“OK, so... can you hear me?” The Biscuit nodded. “I’m going to refer you to a toxicologist. Here’s his card, it has all his information, and you can tell him I referred you.”
“A fucking business card. But what’s wrong with me?” Theresa bit her lip. She believed she knew what was wrong, but if her diagnosis differed from that of the toxicologist, she would be vulnerable to legal action. They didn’t have any of this stuff in the 19th century.
“I believe you have lead poisoning, Mr. Biscuit, from breathing in particles of lead based paint. Were the houses you sanded very old?”
“What?”
“The houses you sand. Are they old houses?”
“Ah, shit! They’re ancient.” 
“You should always wear a mask when you’re working. Please call this doctor and make an appointment right away.”
The Biscuit left, and the next patient entered. He was a heavily muscled man in his late forties-early fifties. He looked to be in great physical health, but for one aspect of his appearance: there was an incredible swelling all about his neck and throat, to the point that he looked like a cross between a human and a bullfrog. Theresa knew right away it must undoubtedly be goiter, but she took his vitals anyway.
“That’s quite some swelling you have there,” she commented harmlessly.
“Yup,” said the man, who was obviously in a great deal of pain, “This started just a few days ago. I would have come in earlier, I just had difficulty getting time away from work.”
“Oh, where do you work?”
“I’m a business owner,” said the man with pride, “I own an ice cream shop on bridgeport.”
“Good for you! I always hear about how slow our economy is, and then I meet a successful businessman. It’s always good to hear someone is making it.”
“Business hasn’t been so good lately,” said the man shaking his head. “I haven’t paid rent in three months. I’m not sure if the landlady is dead or what.”
“Oh,” said Theresa, not sure what to say. “Would you say you’re a picky eater, Mr. Wilson?”
“No, not at all.”
“Do you eat potatoes very often?”
“Every night.”
“Strawberries?”
“Eh, every now and then.”
“Dairy products?”
“Every day.”
“Iodized salt?”
“What’s that?”
“Iodized salt. If you don’t get enough in your diet, a common symptom is goiter. Are you taking any medications at the moment?”
“Blood thinners.”
“Alright. Nothing else?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Are you sure? No supplements of any sort?” she asked, indicating his incredible musculature in a glance. The man stared straight ahead of him for a moment and replied,
“I actually do take a testosterone supplement.”
“I see, I see. And how long have you been taking this supplement?”
“About a year and a half. That’s why I think it must be something else.”
“I’m afraid to say that’s exactly what it is.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I am. Another possibility is that your diet may be lacking in iodized salt, but I’m willing to bet a malpractice lawsuit that the cause, in actuality, is the supplement you mentioned.” 
Theresa elaborated and explained to him how to go about living a healthier lifestyle. She prescribed a few different medications and the muscleman left. Eric walked in shortly thereafter.
“Eric, how nice to see you.”
“Hi, Theresa.” 
“My but you’re looking... thin.”
“Thank you?”
“Uh, just noticing. How’s life?”
“Good, how’re you?”
“I’m fine, thanks. Well, I’m sorry to say this, but your lab results are, as of right now, inaccessible. One of the secretaries decided simply quitting wasn’t good enough, and trashed the office, so all your results... are lost, until we reorganize everything.”
“Oh. Alright then...”
“I promise you, though- if we don’t find your test results by the end of the week, the next test is on us, and your visit today is of course free of charge.”
“Ah, thank you.”
“You’re very welcome. So are you excited for the harvest parade tomorrow?”
“You bet I am! This will be Tiffany’s finest hour, the way she tells it. I’ve been telling everyone I know to come.”
“Well, there’s usually a good turnout. I’ve got a special feeling about this year, too. Tiffany’s picture is on the city buses. I’m so proud of her.” 
“She’s certainly a special girl, that’s for sure.”
“Mhm. Well, I’ve got a long line of patients to see, and I have a sinking feeling one of the interns is sabotaging me, so I’m afraid I must bid you farewell, Eric.”
“Very good, madam.” Eric bowed and took his leave, and Theresa sat at her desk, collecting her thoughts. Tomorrow was a big day. She wondered how she would make it to the parade with the mess in her office. 


XXVI


Sloan was on top of the world. She was flying. She soared through the air simply because she desired to. She felt the wind caress her face and hair. A gentle breeze took her in its arms and rocked her back and forth. She loved her mother, the wind. It gave her its nipple, an ethereal nub, and she sucked greedily.
The wind mother melted away, and she found herself in a verdant land of rolling hills, and perfect, puffy clouds. The sun rested on the horizon, and when she looked at it, it did not burn her eyes. It turned around to look at her with moist, friendly eyes, and waved to her with an arm made of pure energy. She laughed and returned its wave. The sun was so happy to see her that’s its big, brown eyes began to tear up, and it started to cry. The tears splashed to the ground, huge globules of water that burst against the grassy fields with increasing rapidity. Soon, there were great, friendly clouds coming to console the sun, and they began crying, too. Before she knew it, she was soaked to the bone, and she was caught up in a violent flood. The clouds were peeing lightning even as they wept, rending the air with loud peals of thunder. One of them pointed at her, saying something to the other clouds. All the clouds in the sky pointed their puffy cloud penises at her and began pissing lightning at her, sobbing and moaning. The flood carried her away at an alarming rate, and she struggled to keep her head above the salty water. 
She felt something against her foot, and she submerged her head to see what it could have been. She saw a tentacle wrap around her neck, and it began to strangle her. She fought with reckless abandon, trying to free herself. She felt another tentacle constrict her waist, and she was lifted out of the water, high into the air, where she was burnt by the lightning pee. She found herself face to face with a monstrous squid, its countless tentacles writhing all around her. It held her close to its giant, saucerplate eye, and frowned at her. Lighting and thunder crashed all about them. The pink flesh above its eye furrowed, and it opened its gaping maw. It’s razor sharp teeth flashed in the lightning pee.
“YOU WILL BOW TO CORDYCEPS!” it bellowed. It tossed her in the air and swallowed her whole. The monster was bigger on the inside than it looked, and she was falling, falling, falling. She fell down the throat for so long that the fear of being eaten left her, and she wondered when she would strike the ground. 
Finally, she splashed into a viscous green swamp. The only light seemed to be coming from the filthy water itself. It glowed a dull green, and everything beyond her immediate vicinity was shrouded in darkness. She cupped her hands and tried drinking some of it. It was disgusting, and it burned her insides. She felt something against her leg, and she struggled to leave the water, but the incline of the shore was too steep and slippery. She was clawing at the moist soil, trying to gain purchase, but she kept sliding back in. The glowing green water began to bubble angrily, and a little head floated up and bobbed to the surface. 
“What’s that?” she thought aloud, still clawing at the muddy banks. It began swimming toward her, and as it left the water, she saw it was a baby. It crawled up the bank and latched onto her pant leg. Then it began to bite her ankle with terrifying speed and ferocity. She tried to kick it away, but it would not release its grip, and before she knew it, the bubbling waters were swarming with more of them. They crawled up the muddy banks in a long line, climbing over one another in their hungry march. There were three of them clamped on to her ankles and feet now. She watched in horror as they stripped away the flesh and muscle with their pointy little teeth, and gnawed on the bone. More and more of the babies climbed over each other, until she was covered by them. They pulled her back into the green water by group effort. She could feel their teeth digging into the skin of her face, on the back of her neck- she felt one of them bite off the tip of her nose, and she could hear another one ripping at the flesh of her ear. Others were eating away the soft flesh of her breasts. 
“Please! Stop! I’M SORRY! I’M SORRY I KILLED YOU!”
Jonathan shook her awake.
“Sloan... Sloan... wake up, it’s just a dream.” Her hands immediately came up to defend herself, and when she heard Jonathan’s voice, she put her hands to her face to ensure she still had skin.
“Thank God,” she whispered. She sat up and massaged her aching back. It had not been easy the last three nights, sleeping on the hard ground. They had piled up bits of moss and grass to use as mattresses, but it had hardly helped. She looked over at Jonathan. He was reclining on the moss, his head resting on a grass pillow, looking at her. All she could see was his silhouette in the faint starlight. She wanted to kiss him, and for him to hold her, but she could not bring herself to move closer to him. It was he that had gotten her with child. She wanted nothing to do with him. 
She lied flat on her back, looking at the stars. She saw a meteorite, and it burned bright green as it entered the atmosphere. The tail burned her retina, and seemed to stain the smoggy sky. She looked over at Jonathan again. She needed the comfort he had to offer her, but at the moment, she was reviled by him. She wished she was close enough friends with another girl to be able to snuggle with her. She wondered if there were any other women out there who felt the same way. Eventually, they both managed to go back to sleep.
In the morning, she was awoken by something wet on her face. She thought it was Jonathan, and told him to stop. She heard something skitter away, and she turned around to see what it was. She was not able to get a good look at it, but it looked as if a giant spider had plunged into the brush to escape her scrutiny. She shuddered. She looked to her right and saw Jonathan, sleeping contentedly. She moaned quietly in pain, and got up slowly. The ground was killing her back, but luckily, it was their last night in the wilderness. 
She took her bag from the car and walked to the showers. She put a five dollar bill in the water dispenser, and hurried beneath the nozzle. She would only have three minutes. The water steamed up the room, and soon she felt the pain in her back seep out through her skin. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief and ran her hands through her hair. She look at the skin of her wrists and hands. She had gotten a tan from being in the outdoors for so long, and she cursed to herself. She normally went to great lengths to preserve the whiteness of her skin, sometimes going so far as to wear a veil and carry an umbrella in the summer. The showerhead began to sputter, and turned off. She looked at it longingly. It turned back on, much to her surprise. A viscous, red liquid shot from the nozzle, and it burned her skin. She screeched and scrambled away. She was covered in hot, stinking blood. 
On the beach, there were many dead animals, all of them covered in a writhing mass of flies and insects. She had heard not too long ago that soon, humans would be the sole inheritors of the earth. All the other animals were dying at an alarming rate. Surveying the long beach, covered in dead otters, crabs, gulls, mice, and fish, she could believe it. It didn’t look like flies and wasps would be going extinct any time soon, though. She submerged herself in the water, and it smelled like the swamp from her dream. A thin layer of black and green liquid floated on top. She shook her head. It was better than blood, she thought. As she washed off, splashing water into her face and hair, she felt something brush against her leg. 
She immediately fled for the safety of land. She felt something nip her heel, and when she left the water, she was bleeding profusely. 
“God damn!” she effused. She watched the water, still curious to see what it had been. Suddenly, she saw a broad dorsal fin break the surface of the water. It was followed by another, then another.
“Sharks,” she whispered to herself. She was surprised to see them this far north, in the freezing cold waters. She supposed they must have been attracted by the blood. One of them was swimming quite close to where the waves were breaking, and she could see it clearly. It did not look like any shark she had ever seen. It had a green, mottled hide, as opposed to the smooth, gray-blue pictures she had seen. Its head broke the surface, and it looked at her with cold, calculating eyes. The head was round, and did not look very hydrodynamic. It dropped beneath the surface once more, and suddenly, it began swimming toward the shore, as if it were going to beach itself. Before Sloan knew what was happening, it leaped out of the water and onto the sand, flopping toward her. She shrieked, and bolted away before it could clamp its teeth round her leg. When she was a safe distance away, she stared at the thing. It laid on the sand, gasping for air, staring at her with its ink black eyes. It turned back towards the shore, and Sloan noticed that rather than fins, it had small, deformed legs all along its flank. It slithered back into the ocean. 
She walked quickly back to the campsite, lest they make another run at her. When she arrived, she saw Jonathan sleeping beneath the covers. She felt sick. She needed to leave this place, as soon as possible. She woke him with a kiss, and she was pleased at the way it made her feel to be close to him. The feelings of revulsion had passed, and she felt safe with him. He roused himself from the pathetic grass mattress. 
“John, let’s go. I don’t want to stay here anymore.”
“What’s wrong? Don’t you want me to make breakfast over the fire?”
“No, I just want to leave.”
“C’mon, it’s not that-” he paused to sniff at the air, “Whoa, do you smell blood? Are you bleeding?”
“I want to go.”
“Right now? What happened?”
She proceeded to tell him about the blood shower, and the creatures she had seen on the beach. She showed him her heel, where one of them had bitten her. He whistled.
“Damn. What were they?”
“I don’t know, but can we please go now?” A cloud passed over Jonathan’s face. 
“I want breakfast,” he said. “And you said it couldn’t breathe on land. We’ll be safe here.”
“John! Please, I’m begging you!” 
“Look. I’ve got the hatchet with me. If one of those shark things comes up here... don’t worry. It won’t be able to hurt you.” 
“Please?” asked Sloan helplessly. But Jonathan was not listening. He was building a fire. She sat down at the picnic table, feeling nervous. At the slightest sound, she would spring from her seat, looking around wildly. 
“Babe,” said Jonathan, smiling his crooked smile, “It’s gonna’ be ok.” He threw his hatchet in the air, twirling it before catching it again. 
Jonathan made eggs and toast for the both of them, and they ate at the wooden table. Sloan took small bites, and chewed very slowly, so as to be able to hear over the sound of crunching. Jonathan noticed her looking around, and he put the hatchet on the table very conspicuously. It didn’t make her feel any better. When they were finished with their meal, Jonathan went to the car.
“Are we leaving now?” asked Sloan hopefully. 
“I need to brush my teeth,” said Jonathan moodily. “I haven’t brushed in three days and my mouth feels like a swamp.” He began walking over to the showers when his foot sank into the ground up to the knee. 
“The fuck?” he asked. He tried to pull his foot out of the loose soil, but it would not budge. “What the fuck is this?” Suddenly, he began to twist his bulk franticly. “OH MY GOD! HELP ME! HELP ME!” he screamed. Sloan was tugging at his clothes, not quite understanding what was going on. Then she heard a low, deep moan, and the ground around Jonathan’s foot began to sink into the earth. Spurred on by fear, she finally managed to pull his foot out of the shoe, and they went flying backwards. She watched in horror as teeth and claws mangled the shoe, pulling it into the sinkhole. Jonathan’s foot was a bloody mess, and the flesh was hanging off in jiggling flaps. He took off his t-shirt and tied it around the wound. 
“Let’s get the fuck out of here!” 
They piled into the car and sped away, leaving their blankets, frying pan, and cooler behind.
“My God, what’s with that place?” asked Jonathan. He took a joint from the dashboard and lit up.
“I don’t know. I’ve never seen anything like those creatures before.”
“Nor have I. It was like a giant ant lion or... I don’t know.”
“What’s an ant lion?” 
“It’s an insect that digs a little pit and waits for ants to fall in. But... I never even saw what it was. I certainly felt it chew the hell out of my foot, though.”
“I heard it make a sound.”
“Me too. Jesus, I could have lost a leg back there. I guess I owe you one.”
“Don’t mention it.” He was looking hard out of the windshield, thinking about something. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you earlier. I wish we never would have come here.”
“It’s OK. Nothing we can do about it now.” 
“Where on earth does the state park system get off charging people money to camp there? I paid $200 for a reservation... can you believe that?”
“Yeah. At least we know never to go back there again.”
“I should have known something was up with that place.”
“How could you have possibly known that? Don’t be so hard on yourself, John.”
“There wasn’t another soul out there. I didn’t see a single tent on the way to the site. I feel like an idiot paying for that shit. There weren’t even volunteers to watch who came and left.”
“You didn’t see a single tent?”
“No, and I didn’t see any on the way out, either. I wanted to warn whoever was still here to leave, and that’s when I noticed there was no one else.”
They stopped at a gas station, and Jonathan handed Sloan his wallet.
“I can’t walk, my love,” he said apologetically.
“It’s ok, don’t worry about it.” She walked inside and gave the cashier $100 for gas. On her way out, he stopped her.
“Excuse me! Ma’am? Sorry to bother you, but my girlfriend wants me to tell people to come to the harvest parade.”
“What?”
“It’s a parade where they hand out free food. And there’s a marching band...” he said, suddenly feeling self conscious. “It’s supposed to be pretty fun. There’s games and stuff, too.”
“Yeah? When is it?”
“The 31st. It goes on all day, downtown.”
“Alright, well maybe I’ll be there.”
“Cool. Well, have a nice day.”
“You too.” 


XXVII


At 3:04 in the afternoon, Cody pulled up to Eric’s house. He began honking the horn repeatedly, and when Eric didn’t show up immediately, he began tapping his horn in the rhythm of jingle bells. When he was about to go dashing through the snow, Eric opened the front door and stepped out. He flipped off Cody and entered the car, a boxy white thing from many decades ago. Like Eric’s car, it should have been retired long ago, but after passing through so many hands, virtually every part had been replaced, and somehow it was still alive. The interior was red velour, and it had been smashed down to the thickness of a hand towel by hundreds of overweight passengers. Judging by the stains, they had been fond of mustard.
“Hit this shit, nigga,” said Cody, passing Eric a glass pipe with colorful swirls. Eric responded quite automatically, and twirled the flame of the lighter through the bud. It crackled and popped, and he inhaled a lungul of the acrid smoke. They passed the pipe back and forth between the two of them, not really saying much.
“Where are we going?” asked Cody.
“Just find a place to park downtown. I expect it’s pretty crowded, so we may have to walk a ways.”
“Oh, man. I hate walking.”
“It’s good for you.”
“You’re good for you.”
“You’re good for your mom.”
“You’re mom is good for your mom.” 
As Eric had anticipated, it was indeed very crowded, and they just managed to squeeze the old car between two gigantic trucks on the street next to a fast food restaurant, a Ford Behemoth and a Chevy Tank. The street was littered with broken glass, bottles, confetti, and streamers. The glass twinkled in the sunlight, and the streamers danced listlessly in the wind, as if attempting to right themselves and walk away. The sidewalks were crowded with their fellow pilgrims. A man with an enormous belly shoved past them, throwing back his head to take swigs off of something in a brown paper bag. Families were compacted into units of strollers and parents, their elbows tucked into their sides. Lovers walked hand and hand, their heads together the better to hear one another. Most everybody seemed to be carrying an empty receptacle of some sort, anticipating the handing out of free food. Some people toted large red and blue coolers on wheels, now full of beer, but soon to be emptied and refilled with fresh corn and tomatoes. Some carried empty burlap sacks over their shoulders. One youngster showed his parents how he would stretch out the bottom of his t-shirt and fill it produce. Others had purchased a special cloth bag with Tiffany’s picture and the tractor scene. 
They fell in with the crowd, flowing along with them as effortlessly as dead mosquitos on the surface of a river. They blew smoke from the weed clandestinely downward, glancing out of the corner of their eyes to see if anyone noticed.
“It smells like a skunk, daddy,” said a little girl nearby. Her father sniffed the air suspiciously. 
“Yeah, it does. What is that?”
“Put the pipe away!” hissed Eric. Cody secreted it in the secret pocket of his jacket. They broke out cigarettes and let themselves be carried away by the foot traffic. 
All around them were colors. The smog was its characteristic orange and green, as it always was on sunny days. Everyone around them wore brightly colored clothes of red, green, purple, pink, spring green. In the slight autumn breeze, it was as if the the trees were aflame with cartoon fire. Black helicopters buzzed overhead like vultures.
“Look daddy!” said the same little girl. A helicopter unleashed a load of confetti, and it floated to the ground like paper stardust. Everyone cheered, and they must have heard the cheer in the helicopter, for it unleashed another load a short ways up the street. It buzzed away and showered the crowds with the stuff. In the middle of the street, stepping in front of traffic, a group of blacks wearing baggy clothes began dancing with their hands in the air. One of them had a large black radio on his shoulder, and they made a circle around the ring leader. He squatted low to the ground, put his weight on his hands, and began to swing his legs around him in a wide circle, much to the delight of onlookers.
“Fucking monkeys,” said Cody. He turned to looked at them over his shoulder, and very loudly began making monkey sounds of oo oo ah ah, and beat his chest like a gorilla. Eric saw one of them stop dancing and point at Cody.
“Dude, shut the fuck up!” he said, interposing himself between Cody and the dancers so they couldn’t see him. Eric pushed Cody along and they hastened away. 
“Jesus, why do you have to do stuff like that?”
“Like what?”
“Like piss off large groups of black people.”
“Psh, they’re not gonna’ do shit.” Eric shook his head and kept pushing him along. It was not long before they arrived at Main Street, where the parade was taking place. Eric saw a multitude of different floats, shaped like different vegetables and fruit, and they threw corresponding produce from the vehicle. The thrower on the pumpkin float, a man dressed like a pumpkin, coughed violently as he tossed miniature pumpkins into the crowd. 
They stood on the outskirts of Main street, standing on their tiptoes to see over the heads of the people who had shown up early with lawn chairs. 
“Old fuckers,” said Cody, “They got nothin’ better to do so they come and set up camp here days before.” A few of the old timers who had indeed shown up earlier heard what he said, and threw offended glances over their shoulders. Their eyes seemed to say “If I was just twenty years younger, I’d teach you a lesson.”
“Dude, I think you need some more weed.”
“Yeah, probably.” They broke out the pipe and lit up once more.
“That smells mm-mm good!” said someone to Eric’s right.
“You want some of this shit?” asked Cody, turning to the man. 
“Hell yeah!” said the man. He had a crooked smile, which did not fade even as he lit the bowl. He handed it to his girlfriend, who had dark black hair. She looked familiar.
“Hey, didn’t you come to the gas station a few days ago?” Eric asked the young woman.
“Yeah, I did. Aren’t you the guy who told me told me to come to this?”
“Yep,” said Eric smiling, “My girlfriend is Miss Carlsborg this year.” 
“You must be very proud,” said the dark haired woman with reverence. The pipe was passed to her and she took a hit. “I’m Sloan, by the way.” She gave her boyfriend a little nudge.
“I’m Jonathan,” he said. They all shook hands and exchanged friendly words.
“Dude, what happened to your foot?” asked Cody, noticing Jonathan’s ungainly boot.
“Now that’s a story,” said Jonathan, hitting the pipe. He closed his left nostril with his finger and blew the smoke out his right. “To put it as succinctly as possible- I was attacked.”
“Attacked? By what?”
“I’m not sure. It kind of... do you know what an ant lion is?”
“A what?”
“It’s an insect that digs pits in the ground and eats the ants that fall inside. It was like one of those, except... gigantic.”
“Whoa. I don’t believe you, but that’s a nifty story.”
“Thanks,” said Jonathan. 
“Don’t mind him,” said Eric, “He’s just a Grumpy McGrumperson.”
“Fuck you,” swore Cody.
“I see what you mean,” said Jonathan. They stood together, smoking, waiting to see the marching band, behind which would be the Miss Carlsborg float. Sloan caught the glint of brass between the heads of the crowd.
“It’s starting!” she gasped with delight.

♛♛♛♛♛

Tiffany was queen at last. She was perched atop a three layer cake float. The float had frosting, chocolate swirls, gigantic cherries, the works. She was dressed in a fluffy, frilly, pink ball gown, and in her left hand, she held the royal scepter. A real tiara perched upon her golden locks, but the luster of its rhinestones were no match for the sapphires of her eyes. A long stairway led to the throne whereupon she sat- and what a throne it was. True, it was made from cheap materials- particle board, synthetic gold paint, and polyester upholstery- but the stagehands at her high school had done a masterful job of replicating a real, victorian era throne. It seemed to have taken on a life of its own. It practically buzzed with energy, and she was very conscious of it beneath her buttocks. She tossed languid waves to her adorers, who looked up to her with a mixture of awe and worship. They were not lazy waves, but the waves of someone who knew perfect peace and desired to bless a large group of people. Truly, she was the crowning achievement of all God’s creations. All who gazed upon her angelic visage fell in love with her, and the people of the city threw roses at her feet, blew kisses, and cheered. In attendance of the float marched the ROTC students from her high school. They marched in unison with high knees, and the brass shone from their uniforms with blinding intensity. Tiffany knew that the rifles they carried over their shoulders were plastic, but that did not matter. They were her honor guard, and she loved them, as she loved everybody. 
The cheers of the crowd steadily rose to a feverish pitch, and she was ankle deep in flowers. It was time. She rose from her throne, very slowly, very dignified and bowed. Voices filled the air, competing with the marching band. Cheers of love, anguish, worship. She reached in the basket next to her seat and pulled out an ear of corn. Gently, she tossed it to an old couple sitting in lawn chairs. The old man caught it, but it was promptly wrenched from his hands by someone else, and a fight ensued. Tiffany threw another ear of corn to the crowd on her left, and a group of bystanders struggled against one another for the honor. They kicked, bit, and scratched.
Piece by piece, she tossed away the contents of the basket, until there was nothing left. She took to waving once more, when a familiar face caught her eye. It was Eric, the peasant who had stolen her heart. Every queen had a peasant admirer, and this was hers. She blew him a kiss, and he reached out to catch it. He held it against his bosom, eyes closed in ecstasy. She blushed. Suddenly, she heard the squeal of tires, and an old blue car crashed and rolled to a stop in the middle of the procession, between her cake float and the preceding eggplant float. The marching band jarred to a halt, and Tiffany was almost thrown down the stairway of the cake. The rogue vehicle was upside down, smoke billowing from its innards. 
“Isn’t that Eric’s car?” Tiffany said to herself.
Someone was crawling out of the wreckage, a latino man of slight build, and just when he had escaped the smoking vehicle, yet another vehicle came careening through the middle of the parade. It appeared to be a shabby police cruiser. It screeched to a halt and the door swung open. An officer in a tattered uniform stepped out and began chasing the latino. Tiffany could not believe what she was seeing. The officer did not have a face, and the horrid grin of death leered from behind aviator sunglasses, teeth glinting in the sunlight.
The latino was heading toward Tiffany, and as he mounted the long staircase to where she stood, the officer fired two rounds, which missed and hit the cake. The ROTC kids scattered, dropping their plastic rifles and dispersing into the crowd of onlookers. The latino, who appeared to be drenched in blood, made it to the top and said to Tiffany,
“Help me!” Without thinking, Tiffany took him in her arms, and swung him him around, so that her back was to the skull. She heard the retort of the gun, and braced herself for death. 

☠☠☠☠☠

H. was not a heroic man by nature. In fact, he had not intended to save the girl at all, much as he enjoyed being sat on by her. No, his sole motive in taking the bullet had been reprieve from his charge as the harvest parade throne. 
“If I’m destroyed, perhaps I can re-enter the surface world as a person, as myself,” he had thought. Summoning every last ounce of his willpower, he had contracted the legs of his chairself, and sprang, sending the couple tumbling down the side of the float. In their stead, he had absorbed the shot meant for them... and fallen over. Much to his dismay, he was still a chair. The only difference was that he now had a smouldering hole in his regal upholstery.
“Damn,” he swore. He had another plan. He righted himself, and began hopping down the stairs of the float toward the man who had shot him.

☣☣☣☣☣

Our brood is dormant no longer. Clan Elmyra did a wonderfully efficient job of infecting this man (she always does), and now we have called him to action. His resistance to our commands was stronger than what we normally encounter, especially for a male, but in the end, he bends to our will,  he is clay in our hands. Clan Eric! Jump the barrier and subdue that woman! Tiffany, is it? The whore. You will be the instrument of her destruction, First by a public shaving, then by giving that blonde hair to bird hosts for nest-making! Then, you will- how odd. Throughout the course of our experience, we had learned that inanimate objects do not simply move by themselves. Clan Hannah, where are you?

☣☣☣☣☣

We move. The host was able to escape our influence momentarily, but we have him under control now. His hatred for minorities is prodigious, but unexceptional among officers of human law. We are attempting to close in on the one called Tiffany, but are encountering resistance with a large chair. We have shot it five times now, but it will not leave us alone. We request the assistance of Clan Eric. 

☣☣☣☣☣

Clan Eric responds. Throughout our experience, we have learned that the best way to overcome a chair is not with bullets, but with bludgeoning. It appears to be made of what our host calls “particle board,” a particularly frail material. Let us lift it high into the air and drop it.

⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽

The crowd watched in awe and amazement as the two men, a police officer with no skin, and a gas station attendant, wrestled with all their combined might against the harvest parade throne. The throne was a skilled combatant. When its opponents attempted to flank it, it would charge and scatter them, like a raging bull.
“Is this supposed to happen?” asked one old timer, reclining in his lawn chair.
“Yeah, I reckon I saw this last year. This is better, though. They found a chair that can wrestle worth a damn, this time.”
The chair managed to twist itself so that the pointed top caught the officer under the chin, lifting him from his feet and knocking him out cold. The throne turned on the gas station attendant, and began shambling toward him, slowly, and menacingly.
“Go chair!” cheered  the audience. They began to chant: “We love chair! We love chair! We love chair!” 
A few members of the crowd threw roses at the throne, and it quickly turned from its enemy to dip quick, awkward bows, before resuming the fight. The gas station attendant took the opportunity and lunged. He crashed into the throne with all his weight, and they both tumbled to the ground. The gas station attendant managed to get a hold of the two front legs, and began swinging it in circles. When their momentum had reached its peak, he let go, and the throne flew a full ten feet into the air before it crashed to the ground. Strong as the throne was, its particle board frame had taken all the abuse it could stand, and it broke into pieces.
“Eric? Eric, what are you doing?!” demanded Tifanny.
“Don’t worry Tiffany, we’ll be love-making soon,” he replied.
“What? You’re an idiot. I’m out of here.”
“No, come back, sweety-pie!” He began to follow her, but he was overtaken by the crowd, who congratulated him with mighty slaps on the back.
“That was a goooooood chair thumpin!”
“You showed that throne who’s boss.”
“Wish I could break sentient chairs like that!”
“That dead policeman has a boner!”


That Ending
