
In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 6
Power Tool
Liam Gibbs


If you purchased this book without a cover, what are you looking at me for? You should have known better.


IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWRY book 6: POWER TOOL
Copyright (c) 2020 Liam Gibbs
All rights reserved.

Cover art by Azer Babaev.
Cover concept and design by Liam Gibbs.
Does the guy on the cover look as if he needs to take a serious poop? Is it just me? It's just me.

This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission. Unless it's for cancer research. Are you reproducing this for cancer research? There are probably some good tips on page 42. Wait, no, not page 42. That's full of hijinks and horseplay. Try page 94 instead. Otherwise, check with the writer. He's a cool guy once you get to know him.

This is a work of fiction. There's no way people could be this stupid.

ISBN 13: 978-0463466483
First printing: February 2020

{ PLOT DEVICE PUBLISHING }
This Table of Contents You'll Likely Skip and Not Read
At the Front
Other Books in the Series
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Parental Advisory
Book 6: Power Tool
Chapter One: Buyer Beware
Chapter Two: The Last Shred of Dignity...Shredded
Chapter Three: Ninety Eighty-Four
Chapter Four: Power Trip
Chapter Five: Noise Pollution
Chapter Six: Breakfast in Stretching Bed
Chapter Seven: Survey Says
Chapter Eight: His Special Place
Chapter Nine: Company Coming
Chapter Ten: Wake-Up Call...Distress Style
Chapter Eleven: Change of Plans
Chapter Twelve: Lab Rats
Chapter Thirteen: Half-Baked but Still Tasting Great
Chapter Fourteen: Identity Confusion
Chapter Fifteen: Shooting Spree
Chapter Sixteen: Birthday Threats
Chapter Seventeen: Madhouse Arrest
Chapter Eighteen: Thermometers and Freight Trains
Chapter Nineteen: Food Fight
Chapter Twenty: Asking for Directions
Chapter Twenty-One: Interdepartmental Scuffle
Chapter Twenty-Two: Unrescued
Chapter Twenty-Three: Battle of the Sexes
Chapter Twenty-Four: Name Calling
Chapter Twenty-Five: Brief Debriefing
Chapter Twenty-Six: Welcome to the Team
At the Back
Book 7, Chapter One: And the Man Leading the Venture Was No More than a Babbling Narcissist
Appendix: Haunt Control User Manual (selected excerpt)
Appendix: Brief Notes on Stratus Cloud
About History's Most Tragic Comic
Connect with the Series
Available on the Author's Super-Awesome Site
This stupendous, amazing, spectacular, not-at-all-overhyped comedy/science-fiction series can be found in the following parts:

Book 1: Serial Fiction Sideshow
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Book 3: Technophobia
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Book 6: Power Tool
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos
Book 8: Untitled of Attitude Adjustments
Book 9: Those We Left Behind
Book 10: Metaphor for Life
Book 11: Oh, Crock, Here Comes a Meteor!
Book 12: His Kingdom Come
Book 13: A Wolf in Sheep's Armor
Book 14: Man Versus Machine Part 1 of 1
Book 15: Our New Hiring Policy
Book 16: Life like Broken Glass
Book 17: The Church of Steeple
Book 18: Blood Bunny
Book 19: Disease of Behavior
Book 20: The Paper Tiger's Yardstick
Book 21: This One Has a Dancing Gibbon
Book 22: My Brother's Captor
Book 23: Marching Orders
Book 24: To Wake the Deactivated
Book 0: The Story So Far Vol. 1

Please visit the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy site for all these free e-books and more information.

Other Doorstops
Maybe check out these other things 'cause they're superfine too!
Three Flash Fictions, available upon request from the author
Misspelled graffiti
Dedicated to...
My kids, Zoë and Kieran. You're the reason my hair is turning white, and you're the reason I can still put my inner child into everything I do.
Acknowledgements
Well, we've made it this far, you and I, amazing reader. Book six! Ain't that an accomplishment? If this were a real comic series on a monthly schedule, we'd be half a year in. And we couldn't have gone through all this without the amazing contributions of the IAGFFA team that helped make this whole thing very, very possible. And who's part of this team? Well, let's meet them.
Steve Baptista, the beta-reader with the super database memory who points out all the head-scratching moments I didn't know I was writing into the series. You should have seen some of the expressions he made at this one.
Matt Levesque, the other beta-reader who thought it was weird that Null got up and walked around in chapter 17. He doesn't even show up in this one!
Mark Nadon, the other other beta-reader who thought it was weird that Null should show up at all. I mean…shouldn't he be in a hospital? He's in a coma!
LeAnh Gibbs. She puts up with me way too much. Isn't that enough reason to put her in here?
Bernie Pallek, Colin Atterbury, Val Villeneuve, Alex Schizas, and Zoë Gibbs, the IAGFFA convention crew. And no one tell Alex I keep having to double-check the spelling of her last name.
William Gibbs, my grandfather, the original IAGFFA kickstarter before there was Kickstarter.
All the comic, book, cartoon, movie, television, music, toy, and comedy influences I've had over the years. By now, the list has grown way too long to name everybody, but they've all had a hand in subjecting this series to planet Earth. Caffeine, you know you're guilty too.
Indoor plumbing. You've saved me from countless public-indecency violations.
Prologue
I started IAGFFA about twenty-five years ago. I know. We've been through this before. But there's more I want to say on the subject. Don't give me that look. Especially you, Ed. After what you did in that cornfield, I can't take you seriously anymore.
I started this series about twenty-five years ago as a creative-writing project back in grade school. I don't remember the mark I got, and I don't think I have that old story anymore. All I remember is it involved the fight between Legion and Master Asinine aboard weird starships, same as it does today. But the series has been, in one form or another, flopping around for a quarter century, back before I called it In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy. What did I call it? There was no name yet.
And then I decided to reboot it. You've heard this story too. And the reboot gathered dust for about ten years. Gathered dust on my computer until 2015 when I spewed it into the public eye for all to see. By the time that happened, I'd had sixteen books written and was working on the seventeenth. Yes, I'd put some mileage on this series.
My point in rehashing all this info is that, without a series being in the public eye, you can go back and fix up anything you want. Think of a nice detail that lends your series a bit more authenticity when you're writing book ten? Go and backfill the other books. No one will know.
I'm bringing this up to say I had a lot of practice and time to think about the series. I didn't just write a book and fill in the details over only a number of drafts. I had sixteen books and twenty-five years of preparation! I had the opportunity to change things and tweak the series before anyone ever saw it. This series had an extended gestation period.
This isn't necessary. A lot of excellent series don't take nearly as long as IAGFFA did. Stan Lee didn't conceive of Spider-Man in 1937, twenty-five years before the character's debut. Probably, anyway. George Lucas didn't make up Han Solo twenty-five years early. Matt Groening didn't make up Bender and Gene Roddenberry didn't think of Vulcans, and Robert Kirkman didn't create The Walking Dead, an—Hey, it's possible Beavis and Butt-Head was conceptualized over the course of a single sneeze.
I took longer than a lot of other canons. And I started over too. I took that luxury. Any aspiring writers out there reading this, know that you don't have to. But, if you're willing to, it gives you a heaping ton of time to mastermind the world your characters live in. You can color the details and reality as you go, and you'll have a long rehearsal schedule.
I did. And I'm glad I took that time. Part of me wishes I'd published sooner. I'd be further along than I am now, maybe having published book eight or ten. Maybe I'd have caught up to what I've written: two days ago, I put the first draft of book twenty-one to bed. The series could have been more recognized, maybe even had its own cartoon show or shared universe of movies. Who knows?
Remember in the first book when I said the first million words don't count? They're just practice. If I'd published this earlier, I'd probably still be practicing. Book one would have sucked.
So part of me is glad I waited. Ecstatic even, because the moment you put something in the public eye, you can't go back and change it. Well, you can, but that strategy goes by the name of retconning. Retconning is short for "retroactive continuity," which is taking previously established facts in a narrative and adjusting or even completely ignoring those facts, whether by accident or on purpose. In short, it's like going back on your word. For example, a retcon is when Power Plant's birthday is May 20, 9076 in one book and then June 20, 9076 in another. Retcons are usually more vital than that, though.
A more expansive definition includes things that aren't necessarily contradictions but come completely out of left field. For instance, what if I gave Lieutenant IQ 23 a wife? As far as I know, I've never mentioned his marital status. It would technically not be inconsistent to mention a wife. But I've given enough detail to heavily indicate that he's single. It'd be ridiculous of Mrs. IQ 23 to tell Master Asinine he can't come out to play today because it's date night.
Or what if I gave Appetite a speaking role? "Hey, y'all, you weren't aware until now, but I know fourteen different languages. I just haven't told anyone." I've said numerous times that he doesn't talk but only in the perspective of nonomniscient characters. It wouldn't be impossible for him to reveal that he's just been playing dumb this whole time. But, again, ridiculous.
Others have different definitions of retconning, but this is the one I stick to. To me, retconning breaks the reality of the series. It's not a huge deal—if I stopped enjoying something because of retconning, I wouldn't enjoy anything—but it's a deal nonetheless.
In short, I gave myself the time to tweak IAGFFA just the way I wanted it. Will I ever retcon something? Of course. It's bound to happen, no matter how much I resist. I'll overlook a detail somewhere at some point. The more I write, the more chances I give myself to flub up. But before book one was published—i.e. before the details of the series became publicly "official"—I gave myself the luxury of fine-tuning everything just right.
It took me a ton of time to get this out. But it's here now. And it's exactly how I want it. Hopefully it's exactly how you want it too.
Parental Advisory
I'm gonna take off the comedy hat for a page or two, because what I'm stressing in this section is more than serious. So let's put the jokes aside for a section.
I'm gonna spoil the ending for you a bit. Actually, maybe more than a bit. But if you're good with mature subject matter or you like throwing caution to the wind, feel free to skip this and come back to it when you've read the book. I especially implore parents of young readers to check out this little section and then the page in the story that it references.
But, just in case you're a caution-to-the wind person, I'll give you a page break so your eyes don't accidentally/on purpose bump down a couple lines and you snag some juicy spoilers. Cool?
Cool. Okay. Here we go. There's some mature subject matter in this story, a little more mature than what the usual IAGFFA book puts out there. It has to do with suicide, and this is why I especially would like parents to read this section and then check out the paragraph in question.
You see, when I published the first couple books of IAGFFA, my intended audience was a little older. It was a happy little accident—the kind that leaves bushes in Bob Ross paintings—that the series found a lot of traction with younger audiences. I really love seeing kids respond to it, especially since that meant they were putting the video-game controller away and picking up a book. But, again, I wrote this series with a slightly older audience in mind, and this book was written before book one saw publication. Some of the more mature elements stuck. In this book, at the end of chapter 24, there's a suicide attempt.
The situation in question involves Luzimoss, a rather serious dude. Contrast him with the comic-relief Kamikaze, who is suicidal but played for gags.
The suicide wasn't written lightly, and it's not portrayed lightly. The war is portrayed as something dismal and destructive, and the end result—the suicide—was portrayed as a foul and horrid consequence. I don't condone suicide, and even after weighing all of what I'm explaining here, I tried to find any other way to end the story but maintain the impact.
I couldn't. After so many ponderous walks and so much arguing with myself, I couldn't. So I kept it, but I tried to make it as horrendous and nasty as possible to highlight the effects. There is no comedy in suicide.
So, for any young readers reading this, or for any parents who think twice about this, feel free to skip that section. It's only a few lines, three short paragraphs. Or rip it out. Or scribble over it. Do whatever you think necessary. The story will still make sense without it. Parents especially, I ask you to preread that part. I've always suggested to parents that they preread a book since my opinion of age appropriate might not match theirs. But that goes double for this particular part. The chapter is 24, at the end of the second-to-last scene.
I added this small section to forewarn you all of that dark passage in an otherwise lighthearted series. Parents, you're the best judges for your young readers. Older readers, you're the best judges for yourselves.
Please, if you or anyone you know has been struggling with dark thoughts, get in touch with someone. I’ve left contact info at the end of this section that can help. This is for Canada and the United States, but a Google search can help if you live outside these areas.
Anyway, that's enough gloom for your day. I wrote this series as a counterpoint to all the angsty fiction drowning the bookshelves nowadays, and you entered into this series expecting that. So let's get back to the carefree and cheery humor the series is all about. I said it in book one, and I'll say it again here: on with the (side)show.

Canada
www.suicideinfo.ca
1-833-456-4566
In Quebec: 1-866-277-3553
Text: 45645

Canada, Kids specific:
kidshelpphone.ca
1-800-668-6868
Text CONNECT to 686868

The United States, kids and adults
suicidepreventionlifeline.org
1-800-273-8255 (English)
1-888-628-9454 (en español)

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 6
Power Tool

Chapter One: Buyer Beware
December 21, 9109. 8:14 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
"OKAY, I'M CALLING THIS WREAKING OF CHAOS TO ORDER. Wait, Lieutenant, is this thing on? And is my All-Tweener Girl Tracks album playing? Good. OKAY, NOW I'M CALLING THIS WREAKING OF CHAOS TO ORDER."
Crock, that sounded loud! Luzimoss Grenard's Trioxidillian pinnas still vibrated under his skin-covered ears. Was that Master Asinine? Luzimoss stumbled off the sidewalk into the wall of a bank and accidentally crushed the bag of oranges cradled in his arm. A shame. They'd looked juicy. They were juicy, he guessed by the sticky remains drenched across his shirt. He really should pay closer attention to the precognitive aspect of his "knowledge hivemind," his inborn special ability, his hyperability.
"CITIZENS OF WHATEVER THIS PLACE IS, BOW BEFORE MY ALMIGHTY MASTERY OF YOUR ATTENTION FOR TEN OR TWENTY MINUTES, WHICHEVER COMES FIRST."
That blithering bellowed through a megaphone so clearly and loudly in the Arkanal Marketplace that it sounded as if the heavens had ripped open with the voice of a raving idiot. Must have been the Bad Guys, the largest and most powerful criminal organization in the galaxy, led by the idiot Master Asinine. "ALSO, MY NEW POWER TIE IS SHINY." Yes, the Bad Guys.
The screams of market patrons raked the air, and a snarling stampede against pavement frenzied away from the Bad Guys, who marched through an agora. Luzimoss stepped aside to avoid the bystanders that shoved against each other in a melee to escape. One stampeding woman would soon slip and Luzimoss had to be ready. There she went. She slapped against the cobblestone sidewalk. Luzimoss helped her up before the stampede crushed her, and she continued to panic away. Through his hands, he funneled a warning over the growl of the stampede. "Hurry, before he starts making up letters!"
"I AM YOUR DEATH MACHINE, MARKET SUCKERS. BUT DO NOT FEEL CONFUSED MERELY BECAUSE I AM A MAN. I AM HERE SIMPLY TO EXECUTE AN ACTION PLAN TO END YOUR MEAGER LIVES AND GAIN INCREASED MARKET SHARE. FILE ME UNDER THE LETTER DEATH MACHINE. Are they bowing yet, Lieutenant?"
"They're actually fleeing, sir."
"I hate natural responses to panic."
"Using intimidating business jargon causes that. And you sow the seeds of panic like a gladiatorial gardener. By the way, 'death machine' is not a letter."
"Then it must be a number. So file me. I go under 'death machine.'"
"Holy crock." Multipurpose, the incapable and obese Bad Guy ninja, caressed a sai with his index finger. Luzimoss could picture it without seeing him. "If you keep flapping your spew hole, I'll file your crocking tenders under 'things Multipurpose crocking filets.'"
Luzimoss ground his teeth in a hiss. Curse those ridiculous voices. One belonged to Master Asinine, the leader of the vilest criminals known to livingkind. And now he and his Bad Guys were terrorizing this marketplace. Luzimoss's blood thickened enough to deepen the color of his blue skin. His body heat rose despite the wind in this side street.
He should have anticipated this situation. He anticipated everything...given a margin of error. He'd been caught off guard because his mind had wandered. A 63 percent chance that was the case, according to the multiple voices in his head, his knowledge hivemind. When his mind wandered, he neglected his knowledge hivemind.
Luzimoss didn't need to look to know what was happening—he knew—but he looked anyway. Asinine's garish fashion would take his mind off the juice covering his shirt. And possibly Asinine's paddleball thwacking.
Luzimoss's knowledge hivemind supplied the situation's details, and he imagined the scene in his mind's eye. Master Asinine stood behind the robot-suited Mechanism and announced buildings he wanted the armored cohort to destroy. And stand behind Mechanism he must: the mouthpiece of his loudspeaker snaked out the back of the armored goon's helmet. Hadn't he heard about wireless technology yet?
Asinine's fashion nonsense today topped that of any previous outfit, which told Luzimoss that the idiot desperately needed a wife, a tailor, or a gaping head wound. He dressed as if he were on his way to a business meeting for jesters. His self-made Proclaim Your Love for Cultural Icons T-shirt Day was today, and so his outfit included a white Junkyard Dog shirt. He wore purple suit pants with green suspenders over that and...Oh, in the name of dignity, white complemented most things, yes, but not a tie with carnation pink dots. Or mime makeup.
Okay, back to reality. Asinine would soon return to his public outcry. And was that a fanfare trumpeting from the speakers in Mechanism's bodysuit? At Asinine's behest, of course. One more polka fan Luzimoss could do without meeting.
"LISTEN UP, PEOPLE OF THIS STREET. Lieutenant, what's this street? We don't know? Okay, we'll name it. LISTEN UP, PEOPLE OF AVENUE INSANE-O-MATICULA. MY ASSOCIATES AND I ARE SEARCHING FOR AN OBJECT OF MUCH INTEREST. WE HAVE TRACKED ITS ENERGY OUTPUT TO THIS MARKET. YOU MAY NOT KNOW WHERE IT IS, BUT IF YOU REFUSE TO TELL US WHERE, I WILL INVITE YOUR MOTHER-IN-LAW TO YOUR HOUSE THIS WEEKEND. SO THERE."
Mechanism grumbled. "That is appealing to their sense of reason."
"And their sense of common."
Master Asinine's mindless second-in-command, Lieutenant IQ 23, stood beside Asinine. He accidentally smacked his leader's face with the question marks attached to his helmet's temples. The ugliest goons to ever disgrace the news, Plaster and the fatter-than-fat Multipurpose, stood behind Mechanism and Asinine's bodyguard, Braindead. Multipurpose nursed an ache, a result of too much walking.
These weren't the prettiest bunch in the galaxy. Plaster was a skull-faced bruiser, the result of an experiment that left him with perpetually-oozing-and-replenishing skin the consistency of candlewax. Mechanism, whose face was never publicly seen, was an egomaniac wrapped in weaponized metal armor. The scaly Braindead was of the mute and reptilian Virillian race, and he played the role of Master Asinine's bodyguard. And Multipurpose...sigh...that sweaty, pasty Bulbosoid could eat an entire buffet spread but couldn't walk three feet without pulling a muscle.
The Bad Guys advanced, scaring bystanders out from underneath produce tables and transports. More screams littered the commotion, and the screamers clambered for escape. The oozing Plaster grabbed a melon table. He upended it and sent those underneath scurrying away. The brainless thug needed to do something for entertainment.
Asinine jibber-jabbered, "Mechanism, to show how serious this latest free-for-all is, enact the destruction of that parking garage over there with rockets o' plenty. Enact it in a free-for-all fashion, too. I don't do free-for-nones."
Luzimoss stepped forward. He needed to stop this before Asinine killed someone, an 82 percent likelihood if no one intervened.
Asinine checked a storefront. "Ooh. Mechanism, forgo the garage. Point and click a missile at that ice cream parlor. And blow me up a double scoop of rocky road. Who's ready to find the crock out of stuff? Me, that's who."
In his full-body armor, Mechanism planted his robot-gloved hands on his hips. "I doubt this 'coolness source of powerful proportions' hides behind a drum of tutti-frutti. However, this will prevent us from clinging to any remaining shred of dignity. And destroying this store will perhaps deflect a cone into my forehead and kill me before the ridicule can."
"Don't be so hard on yourself. I'm sure you'll last until the ridicule phase."
Mechanism unleashed a tiny missile at Asinine's desired target. The explosion snarled through the Arkanal Market and chewed apart the ice cream parlor. Luzimoss didn't mind. He'd never before seen it, but his knowledge hivemind told him that parlor charged way too much for a waffle cone.
A lagging market patron limped between two buildings to escape the parlor's bursting debris. Before shrapnel could decapitate him—a 94 percent chance if he kept on his current path—Luzimoss grabbed him and yanked him behind a billboard for Meat Paste Hot Dogs.
"Neutronium Bonding Glue could have prevented this parlor's destruction," a public address speaker on the parlor's wall said. "Like us on Facebook." The parlor leaned forward with bricks crumbling off. It teetered...teetered...collapsed. A billboard advertisement on its side, one promoting military organization Intergalactic Protection's new narcotics squad, dropped, slicing the air above Luzimoss. The building's upper floors loomed down. Luzimoss didn't bother moving since the ad had only a 2 percent chance of halving him. It cut the asphalt inches away, where the parlor crunched against the building next door. The area quaked with thunder billowing from the debris. Dust trickled into Luzimoss's nostrils.
Master Asinine spread his hands. "Fan out, everyone. Since these worthless fools would rather panic than help me achieve my misguided goal, you'll have to actually lift a finger. Multipurpose, that means you, too, no matter how out of shape that finger is."
"Shut the crock up!" Multipurpose stamped forward. Then the inevitable wince.
Master Asinine pointed his pistol at another building across the street. "The coolness source must be inside that shop. It's sinister. Mechanism, reengineer the front entrance so it looks blown up."
Mechanism slouched, his armor clanking. He looked displeased. He always looked displeased. Asinine's needless business lingo displeased him most this time. "Must you act this insipidly whenever we leave our headquarters? And whenever we are at our headquarters? This sinister shop is a joke store. You purchase our ammunition there."
"Not all of it. The exploding cigars come through the mail." Master Asinine aimed his pistol and popped two shots into the shop's latent-technology window. The l-tech window fragmented into static nothingness. He popped another shot through the gap left by the l window and hit nothing. He turned and fired at a furniture store, pecking apart a bunk bed and a dresser. "Okay, whoever finds me the source of unimaginable coolness may receive a plundering bonus for outstanding data-work projections. That coolness source is around here somewhere. I smell it. Smells like a wet dog."
The last market patron scrambled around an advertisement hologram and out of the battleground, so Luzimoss approached Master Asinine. He knew this "source of unimaginable coolness." His knowledge hivemind rated his chances of being correct at 97 percent.
Luzimoss stepped forward. "You there, with the fashion nonsense and the guy in the toy robot suit."
Mechanism looked taken aback. "Toy robot suit? I'll have you know—"
Luzimoss whipped up a hand: Mechanism, shut up.
The onrush of thrusters blew through the pulverized market square. Two yellow lights emerged behind a thick cloud that swelled from several chimneys. The cloud split to reveal a Fireball starship. Ugh. Not them. So intently had Luzimoss concentrated on the Bad Guys, he'd not noticed his knowledge hivemind's warning. His blood heated. He'd had this handled! He slammed a fist against a civilian transport. The civ-tran bleeped in annoyance. The Good Guys had arrived, a team that their parent organization, Intergalactic Protection, had assembled as a specific response to the Bad Guys. And...huh? On their starship's wing...Asinine's greedy smile in a yellow circle with a thumbs-up wedged in. The Bad Guy logo. How did IP allow that? Oh. His knowledge hivemind said it was due to some botched sponsorship deal Power Plant had signed the Good Guys up for. Now the logo made sense.
A British voice blared through a public address speaker. "GEORGE LOWENSLAND, MEDIA-NAMED MASTER ASININE, THIS IS HARRIER OF THE GOOD GUYS. FOR TRANSGRESSIONS AGAINST THE PLANETARY UNION OF RENOVODOMUS, WE HAVE COME TO PLACE YOU UNDER ARREST. PLEASE TURN YOURSELF AND YOUR FOLLOWERS IN."
"Turn myself in? How—" Master Asinine stopped and yanked at the mike dangling from Mechanism's head. Mechanism's head wrenched aside with it. "TURN MYSELF IN? HOW MANY TIMES MUST I TELL YOU I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING WRONG?"
A shuffle whispered out of the Good Guy starship's speaker. A perky voice trilled through the marketplace. "NINE MORE TIME. MEBBE MORE. MEBBE SIX."
"Jeffrey, I can bloody well manage the authoritative yelling. Thank you. Continue your cutting and pasting," Harrier said. Then, into the microphone, "DONE NOTHING WRONG? ASININE, YOU ARE RIGHT BARMY. EXAMINE THIS STREET. YOU'VE DEMOLISHED THIS ENTIRE BLOCK, YOU'VE MURDERED THREE INNOCENTS, AND—Yes, Jeffrey, it is a nice turtle drawing. You may put it on your fridge doojigger. No, we need not hear the happy-hobby art siren."
"A hostile takeover. I hate corporate raiders." Asinine snapped his fingers. "Everyone, prepare for round one of atomic horseplay. Multipurpose, prepare for coat one of applied muscle ointment."
Lieutenant IQ 23 scurried to Asinine, Braindead close behind. Plaster and Multipurpose laughed. Then only Plaster laughed. Multipurpose nursed an ache in his rolling gut.
Harrier's voice turned away from the speaker. "Franchise, land the craft. Franchise? Franchise, stop shaking. You need not engage in combat. Just..." He growled. "Blimey. Very well. Everyone, just fly out."
Luzimoss watched from his position behind a building. Several Good Guys shot from the starship: their fliers. Kamikaze's landing proved too steep. He smacked into the ground, rolled across the street, hopped up, checked himself, looked disappointed, dropped down, and kept rolling into a fruit stand. Power Plant, Burnout, and Harrier faced the Bad Guys. Power Plant stuck out his tongue.
Luzimoss winced at them. The other half of the brawlers in this revolting war had arrived. Today's contestants here comprised immature upstart and laser-shooter Power Plant, his older and angrier fire-wielding brother Burnout, the autoresurrecting Kamikaze, and the birdlike Harrier. Franchise, their pilot, remained aboard the starship.
Harrier, dressed in his yellow-blue impact suit, slid a hand over Power Plant's shoulder. "Delay your tongue lashing until after the punches, Jeffrey. It may come in handy later." He flapped his feathery wings.
Master Asinine threw Mechanism's head mike at Harrier. Still attached to its wire, it snapped back into Mechanism's mouth plate. "Are you trying to stop me from gaining more market percentage by seizing the coolness source of powerful human goiter from us?"
"Humungaloidness, sir," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"My toy collection won't be complete without this coolness. It is the key to controlling the universe." Asinine snapped his fingers in recollection. "Lieutenant, remind me to pick up buttermilk pancake mix while we're here."
"Your favorite buttermilk-and-pancake foodstuff, sir."
"Uniting the two was pure brilliance."
To find a way out of this situation, Luzimoss scanned the breadth of his knowledge hivemind. Harrier clutched his head as if bracing against an abrupt migraine. And Luzimoss knew it was a migraine. Master Asinine, Plaster, Power Plant, everyone stopped and buckled to their knees. They all deserved this agony, but it soon stopped. Luzimoss finished scanning, having inflicted only a mild dose on them.
Still stunned, Harrier dropped to his knees, favoring a braced kneecap he'd injured during an attack on the Good Guys' headquarters last Friday. "We are here to arrest you for yesterday's hostage taking, Asinine, though I am unsure if mistaking cardboard cutouts for living people constitutes a crime."
"The intent was present, though the thought, as always, stayed home," Mechanism said. If he were holding a teacup, his pinky would have been poised.
"And I's goin' to ninja fantasy camp, so's give in now a'fore I ninjas up you." Power Plant stamped forward with the foot not wrapped in bandages and healing putty, injuries also from last Friday's attack.
"Enough wit' the openin' remarks." Plaster thrust forward and squared a stony punch into Harrier's jaw. Harrier retaliated by slicing Plaster's cheek with the talons of his fingers. The two slapped hands together, and their palms wrestled for dominance above their heads. Plaster slammed Harrier's ribs with a mammoth boot to separate them.
Power Plant ducked Lieutenant IQ 23's wild punch. Behind him, Braindead dropped on all fours. Lieutenant IQ 23 leaped forward and shoved Power Plant over Braindead. Studying from the grade-school playbook again?
Kamikaze darted around Mechanism, grabbed a trash ionizer, and battered it against the metal-clad figure. Mechanism held out an arm and watched Kamikaze slam into it. Just as Luzimoss had expected. Probably just as Kamikaze had expected, too.
Time to end this, Luzimoss decided, before anything but random shops and, with any luck, some Good Guy and Bad Guy skulls were destroyed. He marched into the center of battle, both arms outstretched, battle-fire zipping around him. His knowledge hivemind warned him to dodge everything before he caught a light-bullet in the shoulder.
In seconds, he was on Harrier. Approaching from the left gave him a 78 percent chance of moving unnoticed. He reached Harrier and twisted the kneecap Plaster had cracked two days ago. The wingman blacked out. Kamikaze fell next: Luzimoss dodged a punch that tickled the air beside him and stabbed a finger into a pressure point that made Kamikaze's eyes bulge. Luzimoss soon bested the other Good Guys, then followed up with the Bad Guys. Mechanism proved difficult to defeat, but a hidden chink in his oil-scented armor helped. All thanks to Luzimoss's knowledge hivemind.
The combatants squirmed, so Luzimoss lowered his arms. Humph. He stomped to Master Asinine, whose eyes clamped shut in tearful agony. "Looking for a powerful source? You tracked my brainwaves here. That source is me." He slammed a boot into Asinine's ribs and thundered off, leaving these warmongers to kill each other. Alas, they wouldn't, since the Bad Guys would recover first and escape.
"Quick! The key to our market strategy is escaping!" Master Asinine writhed with a hoarse cough. "The coolness source of great humu—Lieutenant, what was that word again?"
Chapter Two: The Last Shred of Dignity...Shredded
The actual shouting wasn't what wrung Good Guy leader Legion's nerves like a twine of barbed wire. Not even the balloons of pink paint hurled at his office window. No, what enraged him, what caused his mind to heat with hostility, were the protestors outside that window, three stories below, shouting and hurling those balloons as if they instead launched atomic bombs. Not that he could see the protestors. They had thrown enough paint balloons to coat his window several times. The cleaningbot would throw a tantrum. Maybe Legion should punish Power Plant for some made-up thing and make him clean off the paint. From the outside. Power Plant usually bought into that. Cheap labor.
Muffled chants infiltrated the office: "Women, never stop fighting for your right to die in battle!"
Equality activists. Intergalactic Protection had years ago fired all its women. One of their sponsors, MaxSport, had pressured IP to fire them because they wanted a military comprised solely of men. MaxSport would otherwise pull all funding from IP, which would have undercut them by nearly 30 percent. Legion agreed with the protestors: it was a stupid, bigoted move. But that move had later dictated the choices for the Good Guys' original all-male roster, leading these protestors to catapult objects at Legion's office, objects ranging from Good Guy Smithereens's equipment to Smithereens to Franchise, though Franchise's charley horse had healed. The protestors evidently hadn't thrown him hard enough.
Though MaxSport partially funded Intergalactic Protection, they didn't fund the Good Guys and, therefore, couldn't influence the Good Guys' hiring policies. So Legion now had no reason to not hire women. Ironic thing here, and the root of his frustration: Legion had hired a woman. Immediately after the Bad Guys' Friday attack on Station One, this moonsized structure serving as the Good Guys' headquarters, Harrier had prompted Legion to the decision. Apparently an early protestor had coaxed Harrier enough for him to then sway Legion.
So Legion had dug through IP's old service records to find a new pilot. Voila. One service record had outshone all others, and Legion hired her sight unseen. That was yesterday. He hadn't yet told anyone, since revealing the new hire would no doubt prompt MaxSport to tell IP to apply pressure on the Good Guys in response. He had to find a way to break the news.
So women protested outside Legion's office window, and he had no way to tell them he'd responded to their concerns...and to his own revulsion over MaxSport's ridiculous, money-fueled sexism.
"Anyway, what with the haunt control reinstalled, we can use the hangar bay again." Legion handed a datasheet to Good Guy field leader Reef, who sat across a desk from him. Reef took the paperthin computer. Because Lowensland had taken it over, causing mayhem, Good Guy technician Ace Spandex had recently destroyed the station's previous haunt control, software that obeyed all vocal commands so well it made places seem haunted. Ace's destruction of the haunt control had locked all-doors on Station One, including hangar bays, so they had to be muscled open. Thus the new haunt control.
"So charging the transports needs to be completed tomorrow. And, before you charge them, make sure each one has the Bad Guy logo laser-painted on it." Legion formed a fist. "Because our contract stipulates their logo be no smaller than two by two meters."
Reef raised an eyebrow and took the datasheet. "Not a problem...sort of."
"And avoid staring at the logo too long. It affects your sleep." Legion rubbed an eye. "Thanks for taking one for the team. Dismissed."
Reef nodded and stood when the station's haunt control said, "Entity Harrier approaches."
Its response was good news: Ace Spandex had finished installing at least the preliminary functions of the haunt control since the Bad Guys' attack on Friday, and those functions worked fine. They'd even repaired the damage done to their buildings as a result of Lowensland's genetic transformers. The Good Guys could now open the hangar bay, which meant they had access to more than one transport. Still, Legion couldn't stand the haunt control's status reports on everything, especially in the bathroom.
The office door slid aside to reveal Harrier. Legion had summoned him for a debriefing on the fight at the Arkanal Market. Harrier and Reef greeted each other before Reef left and Harrier limped in, Power Plant stumbling after. Legion hadn't summoned Power Plant. Or Franchise, who entered and cracked his knuckles. If Kamikaze followed, Legion would offer him that three-for-one "a'splosion" for which Power Plant had drawn up a coupon.
The only silver lining lately was that Legion had found budget room for two new agents. He'd already decided one was to be the female pilot and the other an interrogator. Seeing Power Plant blunder around, though, he considered hiring a childcare worker instead.
On an ankle he'd bruised during Lowensland's genetic attack, Power Plant zigzagged through the office, demonstrating what he thought were effective ninja techniques. He dropped into one of the three chairs in front of Legion's mahogany desk. "Hey, boss guy." He rubbed at the healing putty that caked the bruise on his forehead.
"Hey, walking disaster guy. Why are you—"
"Entities Eternal Punishment and Karma's Big Boot approach," the haunt control said.
"They're already here. Thanks. And those nicknames were just between you and me. Remember?"
The protestors grew louder, which made Legion wonder why Friday's attack didn't deter them from coming. "Women, breastfeeding in battle is a-okay!" It was? Bringing a baby into a bar seemed bad enough.
"That market battle was, like, fierce. What the crap was that crazy energy guy been eatin'? Was it crap? That guy today's like p-choo. Tooks ever'one out." Power Plant sprang from his chair despite his ankle and punched the air. "P-choo, p-choo!"
He was overexcited about his acceptance to a two-week ninja fantasy camp. He'd felt excited since hearing about football fantasy camp, and more excited with pirate fantasy camp, and even more with animal-husbandry fantasy camp, and then fantasy-camp fantasy camp. Finally, the excitement overload: ninja fantasy camp. Legion was excited about ridding himself of Power Plant for two weeks. In a way, Legion would be on his own fantasy camp.
"Jeff, number one, why are you here? Number two, what are you talking about? And number three, why does it frighten me when you talk about it?"
"And nummer eleven-teen, how come I ain't alloweds near the master computers no more, and you childproofed the hangar?"
"And number whatever-comes-next-in-your-bizarre-kindergartener-counting-system, I didn't call you here."
"Told you he didn't want you around." Franchise chuckled and jabbed an elbow at Power Plant. He missed and toppled onto the floor.
Legion stood and looked across his desk down at Franchise. "I didn't call you here either, Jacob."
Franchise stood and wiped a hair-thin line of blood from his nose. He sneezed, splashing more blood over the datasheets disarrayed on Legion's desk. And himself. Great. Legion removed his hands and flapped them dry. "Where's Kamikaze with his three-for-one deal when you need him?"
"He's wents ta a nap. Ins the kitchen."
"Oh, for—Is he sleeping in the garbage disposal again? He'll gum up the gears. Please get him out before someone uses it."
"Women, listen up. We demand justice. We demand guns. I demand free parking on Station One, so I don't have to feed the meter. This protest is sponsored by Women's Robotics of Space." Legion was working on the announcement for their justice. The free parking, he could do today.
"A balloon has struck your window," the haunt control said over a dull splat.
"Hey, wants me ta talk to them protestants downstair?" Power Plant approached the window.
"I somehow think they'd have a more fulfilling conversation with a falafel. I know I would."
"Legion, we must speak." Harrier took the seat across from Legion. Dread locked the wingman's eyes to Legion's. "Right quick."
"With or without Riff and Raff?" Legion eyed Power Plant, who snatched a glass bauble from a shelf and rotated it in his hands. He lobbed it to Franchise. Franchise caught it in his mouth.
"What do we want? Low-carb waffles! When do we want 'em? After we're awarded equal rights to die in the military!"
Harrier's wings twitched. Spread, folded, spread, folded. His breathing shook. "When you informed us Master Asinine was throwing a paddy in the Arkanal Market searching for brethren for his Orangutan Strike Force, you surmised incorrectly. Purpose drove him."
"Yeah. The purpose of searching for brethren for his Orangutan Strike Force." Legion watched Franchise toss the bauble back to Power Plant. Must they always toss the fragile things? And must Franchise constantly crack those knuckles?
"No. Master Asinine mentioned a...coolness...source of powerful...I cannot recall the word he spoke, but he had trouble speaking it."
"Was it milk? He's still working on some one-syllable words." Legion winced when Power Plant made a behind-the-back toss to Franchise. Franchise fumbled the bauble but caught it before it shattered on the edge of a storage cabinet. Legion would have snatched it from them, but it distracted them from the more expensive breakables.
"No. He progressed past the second syllable. He meant a coolness source of powerful magnitude, what he blimey well called 'the key to controlling the universe.' And, unlike the previous twelve times he mentioned such, this time he did not speak flippantly. This coolness source is a bloody Trioxidillian, one who strolled into the middle of a rager, dodged gunfire, and struck everybody down like we were blooming squiffy. Even Mechanism, with his bodysuit as protection, fell. Ergo, I assume this man knew that suit's weaknesses.
"Additionally, this person emitted brainwaves our systems have never before registered. Bloody dangerous brainwaves that actually inflict harm on others. They caused headaches, temporary memory loss, and temporary mental regression to childhood."
"Or permanent." Legion indicated the terrors playing pass-around with his things.
As if to make an ominous point, Harrier leaned closer. "Legion, nothing is more bleeding dangerous than a coolness source that can think. Blimey. I cannot believe I said that aloud."
Franchise acted as if he dribbled the bauble like a basketball and then made a wrist shot over Power Plant. Power Plant spun into the air and caught the bauble above his head before it struck the wall behind him. The bauble slipped and dropped onto his head.
"But what's with this coolness source of powerful magnitude?" Legion asked. "He never hungered for something with so many letters. For white chocolate, but never for a power source, and you two, if you want to play catch, ask Smithereens for a grenade."
Like spotlighted burglars against a brick wall, Power Plant and Franchise froze. Franchise stopped thumbing his knuckles. Power Plant, who held the bauble they likened to a hot potato, eased it back onto its shelf.
Legion scowled. "Now go play in traffic. Or, better yet, with the activists. They need something other than my window to ruin, and you two could use a good chucking."
"An unidentifiable object has collided with your window," the haunt control said over a squishy sound. Had the protestors returned to flinging talking octopi? If not for the suction smears, Legion wouldn't mind.
"Crock, no, we won't go!" the protestors chanted. Legion wasn't asking them to. Maybe just take a break for a couple hours.
Power Plant's hand snuck its way to another bauble, this one a framed picture of Legion and Good Guy overseer Patton from Legion's days as a corporal. Actually, the other person had been Lowensland, but Legion had done some image manipulation.
Harrier's hands grasped a datasheet and curled it, uncurled it, curled it. "Legion, we must discover what this bloke can do. He blooming bested everyone so fast that his movements bordered on precognition. If he allies with the Bad Guys, Asinine would become bleeding unstoppable."
"Did they capture him?"
"No. He escaped."
"Good. Talk to this guy. Warn him. Without the Bad Guys muddling things up, he might actually listen. Take a smaller military transport, maybe a Flagstar mil-tran, and start at that marketplace. Track his trail. And take the Ringling Brothers here with you. It'll distract Jeff from blowing things up." He nodded his chin at Power Plant and Franchise. "Guys, I want you to back up Harrier, and, if you don't stop tossing my things around, Car Alarm will be your pilot. And your alarm clocks."
Power Plant and Franchise whined a mélange of grievances. Power Plant's hand shot up and tossed the picture onto the shelf. The frame knocked down several others. "Aw, no ways. He's be good for nothing 'cause someone's teached him to sing."
"You did. And I lied. Car Alarm is your pilot anyway."
Power Plant's shoulders slackened. He almost collapsed, but a crumpling Franchise got in his way. "What's if he gots somethings ta talk about?"
"At least with Car Alarm around, there's a possibility you'll destroy something I want you to destroy: Car Alarm."
Harrier folded his arms. "We shall leave immediately. I will need Ace Spandex to track this bloke." Legion nodded at that, so Harrier said, "Control, acknowledge. Prepare Flagstar for mission to planet Gaia. Page entities Car Alarm and Ace Spandex to transport."
"Transport F-Comanche being prepped for takeoff. Expected departure time: four hundred zillion years."
Legion slammed a fist on his desk. "Jeff, you messed with the timer again."
"Serve ya right for gettin' Car Alarm ta pilot us."
"Serves you right for building him."
"Transport F-Comanche," Franchise said. "Isn't that the one with the engine that floods?"
Another octopus thudded against the window and clung there. Legion thumped his head on his desk, wishing himself to another universe. Or career choice.
"An octopus has collided with your window."
A knock rapped the windowpane. "Excuse me, kind sir," the octopus said, "but my tentacle seems to be caught on your sill. And have you any Grey Poupon?"
"The octopus would like some Grey Poupon."
Chapter Three: Ninety Eighty-Four
"Troop," Master Asinine said to summon his Bad Guys to the over-your-shoulder spy viewscreen that hung on a wall where he and the brick-skinned Bad Guy scientist Brick stood. And he summoned like a pro since learning that J-stroke-wave-and-finger-snap move. That move, dubbed the Move, kicked off their super-tactical planning breakout session in this, their super-tactical planning breakout session boardroom here on their moonsized headquarters, Station Zilcho.
Only Lieutenant IQ 23 and Braindead snapped to attention upon witnessing the Move. The two-headed Bad Guy chief of security Schizophrenic did not. He remained seated, the left head, Lefty, munching on a Cocoa Choke-o bar and not sharing it with Righty.
"Schizo, I said, 'Troop.' So...troop it up."
Schizophrenic still ignored the command, maybe because Asinine always called his troop the same drab term. Asinine should perhaps find a new term. Maybe "junior thug." Maybe. Too many syllables. Plus, his family doctor used to call him that.
Asinine, Lieutenant IQ 23, Braindead, Schizophrenic, and Brick occupied the makeshift boardroom, the only room of the second-to-top floor of their space station's control tower. A computer bank spanned a semicircle in the round chamber, roughing out most of Station Zilcho's thinking. Several computers in that bank chattered like electronic crickets except these crickets couldn't harmonize a chirp to save their lives.
Sinister darkness soaked the room. Asinine had considered flicking on the lights. Darkness, on the other hand, made this room secretive, and secretive was cooler. Lights weren't necessary. Thanks to the furniture, kneepads were.
Asinine studied the overhead map of the Arkanal Market at which the Bad Guys were made fools or, as Mechanism had earlier put it, "astronomical fools." His arm cradled a two-kilogram jar of peanut butter. Heaven's spread. He used to eat it between bread slices, but recently he'd skipped straight to the jar. He wanted no wall of starch between his taste buds and this oily goodness. He scooped up a dollop of jelly's best friend in four of his fingers and tasted. His eyes fluttered euphorically. Eating this stuff was much better than gluing together his transports with it.
Charts, diagrams, and business-related cartoon strips towered over everyone on hover easels that surrounded them like motionless sentries. The Bad Guy market analyst—Braindead with a laser pen and a Pop-Tart for stomach fuel—had graphed this recent plan's chances of success on a sliding scale based around point percentages and team forecasting. Asinine didn't know what that meant, but How to Move Stock and Seize Assets the Obfuscating Way, the book he'd read—sorry, "business guidance literature"—said the future lay in spouting nonsensical industry terms. It detailed the finer points of modifying nouns into jargonlike verbs. The book's author, Damalon Frannick, had tripled his income by speaking multisyllabic gobbledygook.
Asinine now used business jargon everywhere, from ordering around his junior thugs to ordering breakfast. It worked better than those genetic cannons from Friday's scheme. Most of those were lost or broken, and Asinine wasn't about to revisit that half-cocked plan. Business jargon worked better anyway. Asinine hadn't even read the chapter on useless acronyms, but he already felt the book working. It made perfect sense, because business jargon made no sense. Reverse psychology. He'd heard of that mumbo jumbo but had questioned its effectiveness until someone told him never to use it.
Beside Asinine, Brick read the value abstracts spewing across the data viewscreen, though nobody ever translated the value abstracts spewing from Brick's mouth. The only person whose namesake lined his skin, Brick looked boxier than a child's tower of blocks. What a brownstone.
Asinine gummed in another generous glob of peanut butter, trying to decipher the value abstracts. They looked like computer data. He couldn't make sense of them, but his junior thugs could read anything. And, when they couldn't, they were ordered to fake it.
"You're probably wondering why I assembled you to this power dialogue," Asinine said to the tune of Lefty shooting spitballs at the back of Brick's cube-shaped head. "If not, I'll tell you anyway. The time has come to functionalize a working planification to capture that guy who overvalued us earlier today in the Arkanal Market.
"To launch the Bad Guys into the next fiscal hour, my action plan is to acquire more power. Everyone knows Station Zilcho's whereabouts. It doesn't have enough juice to propel itself anywhere, and I'm sick of constant drop-ins. Like from the authorities. So where can we acquire this needed power? That guy from the Arkanal Market. He is the linchpin of our five-century business asset plan. After his capture, we'll gain enough power to reposition this station into parts unknown to our adversaries. Perhaps also to us, but we'll worry about that later.
"From our new secret location, we'll gather more power. We'll wait to conquer, unhindered by neighbors asking to borrow our baking ingredients. Crazy O'Toole down the spaceroad has borrowed eggs from us for the last time.
"Plaster joins us on conference call. Plaster, are you there?"
Plaster's voice spewed from a speaker sitting atop their boardroom table. "What the freak? Since when did criminal empires have conference calls?"
"Since they profited us a market-share upswing."
"Since when did they have market-share upswings?"
"Since they profited us fiscal-quarter year-end upswings."
"What's that even mean? And what the freak's wit' this motivational poster you stuck on my wall? I'll show you integrity."
"Show me integrity, will you? I'll kill you for that!" Asinine vaulted onto the boardroom table and clamped his hands around the speaker. He twisted its wires around his constricting grip. "How does that feel?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 grabbed him and peeled him away. "Put Plaster down, sir. You're strangling him."
Master Asinine thrashed his legs around, but IQ 23 dragged him to the floor. Asinine managed to free an arm and stabbed a finger at the speaker. "I'm reporting you to the board of elders for blatantly ripping off the version of you who would never show me so much as the time of day."
Okay. Calming breaths. They loosened Asinine. He stood, brushed IQ 23's hands away, adjusted his collar, and caged the antelope within. Frannick's motivational seminar, Be Motivated...by a Seminar, advised against professional hissy fits.
"Okay, let's reference our value abstracts." Asinine scanned the information that scrolled down the data viewscreen. "So these value abstracts tell me..." He trailed off. Told him what? "Brick, you head-blowing thesaurus monster, what is this sly glib?"
"Mr. Asinine, this instance of this end user interface is a mere simulation of a conurbation."
Asinine looked at IQ 23 for the Brick-speak paraphrase. "It's SimCity, sir," came IQ 23's response.
Another helping of peanut butter stuffed Asinine's mouth. "Oh. That explains the crazy dinosaur traipsing over my garden gnomes. Good-bye, crazy dinosaur." Asinine tapped a key to kill that raving lizard, then spun around. He couldn't make out his audience in the dark. Until he replaced his eyes with infrared sensors, darkness would have its disadvantages.
"Let's continue discussing our business strategy. I had several cameras watching the Arkanal Market so that, if our target escaped, we could scour the footage for actionable leads to his whereabouts. And I anticipated his psychiclike reflexes—"
"Mechanism anticipated his psychiclike reflexes, sir. You anticipated that he'd have bones."
"—and encased my cameras in protective lead so he couldn't destroy them. Let's watch the mighty overhead view of action unfolding like a bad origami crane. One that's unfolding." He looked at the spy viewscreen. Aside from the value abstracts scrawling across its corner, it remained blank. "Why is this showing nothing?"
Lefty snorted and chomped his chocolate bar nastily. "It's tuned to your brain activity, necro-skull. Holy cow-crow-crock-cow-again-piss, why can't you go back to thinking the computer is a rearranged alphabet board hooked up to a microwave?"
Asinine smacked the spy viewscreen to fix its blank gawp. That always fixed Scapegoat's. Nothing changed, so he smacked it again. Maybe a third smack would do the trick. "Why won't you be fixed?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 held out a hand. "Sir, you encased your scanners in lead, which is opaque, though that still showed brilliant scheming."
Lefty kicked the leg of the boardroom table. "Freak factor"—finally calling Asinine by his desired nickname—"just hack the street cameras. Why am I wasting my time on this meeting?"
Asinine examined the spy viewscreen. "We can do that? I mean, the camera thing, not the wasting-your-time thing. I do that often enough."
Lieutenant IQ 23 said, "Yes, sir, we can. Brick preset the spacebar to hack the street cameras at your behest because you couldn't find any other use for that key."
"Oh." Asinine tapped the spacebar on the virtual keyboard. The spy viewscreen's darkness wiped away to reveal various views of the Arkanal Market. Wow! How did the viewscreen know? It was as if Asinine had asked Brick to preset the spacebar to hack into the overhead street cameras since it was a useless key.
The Arkanal Market looked trashed. And trashed thoroughly, because a trashing wasn't worthwhile unless it was thorough. Asinine studied the view that displayed the center of action. It looked coolest because it showed some guy scratching his butt crack. Oh, wait, that was Asinine. The top of the viewscreen read, "Big Brother Is Watching You Dump Garbage on My Lawn."
Varying symbols patched the view of the market: horseshoes, balloons, and clovers. "Brick, what are these colored symbols, aside from tasty looking?"
"Mr. Asinine, I cogitate that the dissimilarly contrasting pictograms symbolize brainwave expulsions emitted from this individual, Luzimoss."
Why even bother? "Brick, shut your chimney flu. Lieutenant, in a comprehensible language or French, what do these different symbols on the screen represent?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 leaned closer to the viewscreen. "Hmmm. The red balloons represent areas of high energy, which, as the analysis says, is this person's brainwaves. The purple horseshoes represent low brainwave emissions. That strange energy—sorry, sir—coolness we tracked must be his brainwaves. The green clovers represent that something is magically delicious."
"And he went left, the symbols say." Asinine swept his finger left and accidentally poked Lieutenant IQ 23's eye. "Gather the junior thugs and meet me at The Bad Guy Starship, Lieutenant. Make that your primary action item."
"Sir, The Bad Guy Starship is under repair since the Good Guys' fire wielder destroyed most of the cockpit computers." Lieutenant IQ 23 rubbed his reddened eye.
"Then meet me at one of the other gigantic pieces of junk we own. We'll fly to that market and comb the planet left of it until we come full circle and end up on the right. We'll find that hide-and-seeker any decade now. Our acquisition plan is now much more complete. The Good Guys won't know what hit them. Neither will I, since I plan to lunge blindly."
Lefty snorted. "Did your mom eat fertilizer when she was pregnant, Craptasticus? You might as well follow your nose." He snorted again. Must have had a booger. "And what the piss is a junior thug?"
Asinine mulled the thought over, rubbing his chin. "Follow my nose. Hmm. After all, it always knows. Schizo, I like that outside-the-box thinking. It gains us valuable asset surplus. To action, junior thugs!" Time to point again. He jabbed a finger at the viewscreen, daubing an oily fingerprint on it. He wiped at the print, but that caused a huge smear. Eyeing the others, he sneakily leaned over and licked the smear off. Ow. Static hurt his chow taster.
"We'll use the Titan Supreme starship. Brick, download into Titan Supreme this man's brainwave signature and season fourteen of Cosmonaut Chimp." He stepped toward his junior thugs, away from Brick. So far removed from the junior thug title was Brick that he rated not even as a thugling. Or a senior comptroller. "Followers, our time has come. Soon the Good Guys will be no more. Grab your special edition Involuntary Manslaughter cattle prods. We're on the hunt...for brainwaves!" He clapped once.
"Okay, team, let's maximize our best practices!" He hurled a fist into the air, but his momentum whirled him into Schizophrenic's stonewall brawn. Schizophrenic's half-eaten chocolate bar nosedived into Asinine's jar of peanut butter.
Asinine gawked at Schizophrenic, fury boiling his brain more than Mechanism claimed any random idea did. "Hey, you got chocolate in my peanut butter."
"And you got peanut butter on—Oh, shut the crock up."
Chapter Four: Power Trip
Harrier stood when Ace Spandex landed the ten-person Flagstar mil-tran that had zipped its small crew the 1.9 light-minutes from Station One to Gaia. They had caused everyone in the Arkanal Market to go barmy when Power Plant had touched down on an applecart. The Bad Guy logo on their wing hadn't helped.
Their scanners had indicated Luzimoss's location by tracking his strange brainwaves. So they had followed the trail of brainwaves to a lonely hut in this wide field. The hut, at the foot of the lush hill on which they'd landed, looked no larger than a blooming outhouse. Harrier hoped it wasn't one. He didn't fancy creating awkward situations like Power Plant recommended.
This situation had better not spiral out of control, not under his command. Harrier's pulse quickened at the thought. Everything must remain under control. Not pear shaped like the mission he'd led into the isolated Abell 400 during his military days. And especially not like this morning's mission.
He forced himself to calm, to keep all emotion reigned. Emotion had no place in missions. Emotion fed chaos. And chaos made him feel as if he were kicked in the goolies.
The sunlit outhouse, a five-by-five-foot unpainted shack, looked decrepit. Rotted by weather and time, the wood had splintered and now remained as shards of what was once a beautiful...well...outhouse. A padlock dangled from a latch.
Intergalactic Protection's Citizen Watch had identified the bloke they'd trailed here as a Trioxidillian named Luzimoss Grennard. Luzimoss had years ago amassed amazing fortune, placing himself among the ten wealthiest people in Renovodomus. But he'd given it to a children's charity for unknown reasons. After that, he'd moved into a grungy apartment building where soon the other tenants simultaneously karked, all from brain aneurisms. He'd moved from there to this outhouse.
Harrier put a hand on Ace Spandex's shoulder. "Aaron, please guard the mil-tran. The rest of you, please accompany me to this fellow's house."
"What?" Ace Spandex stopped chew-snapping his bubblegum. "Why should Car Alarm go and I stay? That robot's not exactly the best dignitary. And I'm not talking about his conversational habits. Those flailing arms could rip out someone's tongue. Kamikaze can attest to that. Well, he could if Car Alarm hadn't ripped out his tongue."
"What with Car Alarm's long-winded tendencies, I'd rather not keep it here. After all, the windshield is breakable."
"So's also your jaw," Power Plant said. "An' be respect-a-ful. Car Alarm ain't no it. Car Alarm a thing."
"Nevertheless, let us visit this bloke's house."
"You mean 'outhouse.'" Franchise had a gander out the windshield that framed the solitary structure in the field. "I've overturned portable toilets larger than that. Hey, if this guy's dropping off strange energy waste—I mean that literally—can we have this discussion on his front lawn instead?"
"Very well. Now, let us introduce ourselves."
"I's introduce as Maximum Grudge." Power Plant thumbed himself.
"Jeffrey, that would only make him go barmy."
"Think we's already gone do that." Power Plant peered outside. "He yellings at us real fierce."
Harrier peered through the windshield. Luzimoss stood outside, his hand lifted. He looked right angry. Out of his fist shot an energy ripple, a pulse of electricity so intense it crashed like a bloody wave against the mil-tran.
An electromagnetic pulse! The lights in the Fireball died and the electronic music of the computers broke off. The mil-tran tilted back, sending Harrier stumbling into Power Plant, Power Plant into Franchise, Franchise into Car Alarm, and Car Alarm into an ear-splitting cacophony. Why had Power Plant shielded that blimey robot's body against electromagnetism?
Power Plant uncovered an ear and yanked Car Alarm's arm out of its socket. He whapped the arm over the robot's head. "Shut up! I can'ts hear myself try and think." Amazingly, Car Alarm complied.
The crackle died. The mil-tran settled. As if the pulse had erased his blooming memories, Ace Spandex glanced around blankly. His jaw massaged the gum in his mouth until he returned to full smack-chew mode. Almost noisier than Franchise returning to full knuckle-crack mode.
"Hey, I think he's wants some attention. Or he landin' a transport." Power Plant squinted at Luzimoss, who by now was flailing his arms right mad and spitting quick words. "Or bein' one."
Already, the situation was corkscrewing out of control. Harrier felt dicky about that. He rushed to the main computer and slapped the public address microphone's button. It activated. Thank goodness for protected transport engines and downloads from shielded backup computers. Control may still remain his.
Luzimoss furiously pointed backward at his live-in bathroom. Harrier hoped that, if they entered, Luzimoss hadn't just finished his business. Luzimoss ended his tirade and extended a finger upward. Oh. May Power Plant never learn that gesture.
Power Plant looked puzzled. "Hey, he pointin's up with the wrong finger."
Harrier grew wary of this man's gobby anger. He could not let emotion poison the control of this mission. Into the microphone, he said, "Please, sir, we need to speak of urgent matters." Harrier rushed to the access port as quickly as his braced knee allowed. "Control, acknowledge. Open access port."
"Access port opening. Will finish in seventeen billion years."
The port glided into its recess only partway since Power Plant had jammed a Cosmonaut Chimp toy into its gears earlier to hear the figure scream. Harrier had told him toys weren't living things and didn't scream, but, sure enough, Power Plant had a screaming toy.
Harrier sidestepped through the door's slit and carefully padded onto the grass. Still mindful of his bollocksed knee, he shambled around the mil-tran's nose cone toward Luzimoss. Luzimoss must have thought he had hostile intentions because he steeled himself.
Power Plant chirped behind Harrier—"I'll nab this baddie. He ain't gets away"—then a blond bullet slid past.
Blimey! Harrier beat his wings and took flight, holding a hand out as if to catch him. "Power Plant, ya gimboid, Luzimoss is not a criminal."
"I know. He a tackle dummy. Ninja camp, ho!"
Power Plant dived at Luzimoss. Luzimoss pounced onto the slim agent's back as if expecting the dive. Both shattered through a sign that advertised Vacation Soft's Heat in a Can, bungled into a patch of mud, and rolled down the hill. Power Plant ended up on top until Luzimoss popped him with a punch to the solar plexus.
Harrier still chased after them. "Luzimoss, wait, wait. We wish only to speak with you."
"How do you know my name? Wait, I know. Off your Citizen Watch. Seventy-nine percent chance of that."
Harrier reached Luzimoss and landed. Luzimoss stepped back and raised a fist, ready for a row. A yellow gadget wrapped his arm, probably whatever had emitted that pulse earlier. Armed as if he'd expected their visit. Luzimoss's arm tensed his fingers over a trigger in his palm. Harrier opted not to test him and kept his bleeding distance.
"Please, Luzimoss. We wish only to speak."
Luzimoss flashed a steaming expression. "You landed on my azaleas."
"You have azaleas?"
"Not anymore. You landed on them. And then Power Plant tackled me."
"Apologies. Ninja fantasy camp begins in February, where he will meet Sensei Watsu. Watsu is his hero, right after Cosmonaut Chimp, Ventnor Gaines, Al Bundy, and lemurs. He is right thrilled about camp."
"Yeah. I know. I picked that up when he yelled, 'Ninja camp, ho.'"
"Hey, what wit' the election-magnets pulse?" Power Plant asked. "It erase our starship stuff and also I can'ts remember comin' here."
"It's protection from becoming your tackling dummy."
"Please. Though Power Plant wishes to snap your spine in two, I wish only for a chat. I promise. Power Plant, if you tackle this man once more, we will take this mil-tran right back home and you will finish your bloody math homework."
Power Plant scrambled to his feet and bumbled a step back on his bandaged ankle. "No! Maff homework hurts my head likes karate gone wrong."
"If he speaks any more, feel free to kick him in the happy sack," Harrier said to Luzimoss. "Sir, I come only with a warning."
"Don't finish Power Plant's math homework?"
"In search of a source of immense 'coolness,' the Bad Guys had attacked the Arkanal Market. That coolness turned out to be you. You are, as Asinine had said, the key to controlling the blooming universe."
Luzimoss softened his trigger hold and lowered his arm as if Asinine's words made sense. How was that bloody possible? Asinine had the wits of a cow udder.
"Let me finish for you." Luzimoss spat in Harrier's direction. He looked more at ease, especially since Power Plant kept his distance under the threat of math. "They want me for my hyperability. And Asinine has the wits of a cow udder."
Shock juiced Harrier's veins. For a second, that emotion had stalled his reaction. His military training was dulling. "How did you know what I was thinking?"
"Because you said it aloud in several other timelines."
Other timelines? Harrier didn't understand, but he ignored it. "Asinine is seeking power. We have yet to uncover his strategy. His daftie schemes have thus far included fusing a mountain of stale cookie dough together with yet another mountain of stale cookie dough."
As if this dough megamountain posed a serious threat, Power Plant choked on a breath. "Oh, that's be anothers Bad Guy scheme I's have to eats my way outta."
"The Bad Guys will find you, Luzimoss. And they won't act as kindly." Harrier sneered at Power Plant. "They may tackle you twice. Come with us until this situation abates. We can right guarantee your safety."
"Guarantee my safety? The Good Guys? You crushed my azaleas and came dangerously close to flattening the rest of my garden. Then your best tackler treats me like a fantasy camp audition."
"That's 'cause I a Good Guy. I helps people."
"I have no interest in assisting you or your self-serving power-trip. Please leave, Good Guy. And, for crock's sake, wash the Bad Guy advertisement off your transport. Show some self-respect."
"There ain'ts no such thing as bad advertisings." Power Plant stepped closer. "Can I use your house? I gots ta potty in your livin' toilet."
"We merely wish you safety. I promise Power Plant will stay far away from you. I must warn you about some other blooming dimmocks, though, the least of which aren't Kamikaze, Car Alarm, Burnout when he is angered, killer robots, amok haunt controls, our dishwasher, female protestors, anything from the kitchen that gains sentience through electrical surges, asbestos...Actually, I suggest you sleep in the parking lot. We have some very luxurious civ-trans. One is a four-seater."
"I live secluded for a reason. So leave me in seclusion."
"In this...this"—he refused to call it an outhouse, but no other descriptor came to mind—"house of out?"
"House of out?" Luzimoss stormed to his outhouse and threw open its archaic door. It squeaked on rusted hinges and released the odor of rotted wood. He thrust a finger at a skeletonized staircase that led down into an abyss. "To protect people from my brainwaves, I live underground. It dampens my energy output. Unfortunately, I still have to protect my garden from landing gear. Your friends are coming." Luzimoss examined the cloudless sky behind Harrier.
Friends? At first, Harrier didn't understand. Then the faint groan of an engine tickled his eardrums. Something disturbed the grass, and electricity fluffed the feathers on his wings. He whirled around...
...and met the blooming sight of the enormous Mikazin Starship, or The Bad Guy Starship, or Big Mister Titan or whatever Asinine called it today. Wait, no, not The Bad Guy Starship. This was not as big, but it wasn't exactly a dune buggy. How had this monster approached so silently? Like a bleeding harbinger of death, this starship and its incredible array of weapons rose two stories high and spanned half a city block. Blimey!
In the cockpit, Ice Cream Headache steeled her expression. Asinine waved crazily. His googly-eyed goggles waved, too.
Harrier stumbled back and tumbled to the ground. His wings shook, his jaw refusing to shut. Would he soon lose control of this mission? "Not friends of ours. Luzimoss, have you ever consumed too much ice cream at once?"
"No fun," Power Plant said. "S'like your brain go cold like a meat locker. Then ya thinks, 'Hey, math homework ain't so bad.' But you have Professor Fraksmere for a math teach-it two yearses a row and, hey, ice cream headaches ain't so bad. Once, someone want trade me a meat locker for my kidneys. So now I's owns a meat locker."
Luzimoss buckled. He loosed a blooming roar that overpowered the hum of the starship. "Chocolate swirl headache. Too distracted because of blithering idiots to see that coming." He clutched his head, crumbled into a ball, and writhed on the grass, his clothes flapping on the air current on which Asinine's starship hovered.
Harrier hopped up and peeled his pistol out of its holster. "Leave, Asinine, you div."
In the cockpit, Asinine began to talk, though his words went unheard. Schizophrenic emerged from the shadows and slapped him in the back of the head. The bodybuilding goon pointed to the console in front of Asinine before returning to the shadows.
Asinine swept away the fuzzy dice dangling in the windshield. He tapped a button. "SORRY ABOUT THAT. FORGOT TO PRESS THE PUBLIC ADDRESS BUTTON. I'VE FELT QUITE THE FOOL SINCE SELLING MY MEAT LOCKER FOR A SPARE KIDNEY. ANYWAY, WE WON'T LEAVE. THAT KEY TO THE UNIVERSE IS OURS WHETHER WE TAKE IT OR NOT. WAR IS LIKE A GAME, YOU SEE. THERE ARE WINNERS AND LOSERS. THE WINNERS LEARN TO BREAK THE RULES. YOU HAVE TO, BECAUSE WAR IS NO GAME." He waved again. "TA TA, LOSERS."
Frozen agony encased Harrier's skull like a blinking icepack! An attack from Ice Cream Headache forced his head back and propelled him to the grass. The last thing he remembered before blacking out was tasting a raspberry-sherbet double scoop of pain. With peanut crumbs.
* * *
Harrier bolted up with a gasp. He found himself on the grass with dirt dotting his arms and wings. How long had he lain here? A sunburn heated one side of his face.
The sun had set, and illumination came only from a light panel over Luzimoss's door. Power Plant had already woken. He had entered Luzimoss's house and evidently found a box of oatmeal he now poured down his gob as if it were bloody canteen water. No, wait. That wasn't oatmeal. He had dumped brown sugar into an empty box and now spilled that into his mouth. Almost half made it in.
Harrier checked the mil-tran. Ace Spandex's head peeked out of the windshield, and he placed his baseball cap back on his head. He searched the landscape, dazed as if he'd just woken, too.
Luzimoss was chuffing gone.
Trembling panic clenched Harrier's body. No, he refused to panic, refused to relinquish to his blooming emotions. His wings spread and shook. Harrier dared not imagine the consequences of Luzimoss's capture. "Jeffrey, where is Luzimoss? Tell me he is safe!"
"He got stolened." Power Plant engulfed another mouthful of sugar. "Want some maniac powder? Helps wit' the ice creams ache."
Harrier buckled. His wings drooped and his head lolled against his collarbone. No no no no no. Luzimoss was captured. Control had been nicked. "Asinine now possesses the most powerful energy source we know of."
"Plus, he stolened your wallet." Power Plant casually chewed another mouthful.
Harrier quickly checked his back pocket. Bloody great. He had gift certificates in there. One was redeemable for seventy million It's Still Mooing burgers at Space Cow. At least that horrendous plastic-surgery coupon was missing. Power Plant had drawn it himself.
Chapter Five: Noise Pollution
"Did you say Lowensland captured him? Oh, great." Legion slouched with the news of Luzimoss's fate. He put a hand to his hairless head to massage his scalp. The worry splotches on his forehead were likely growing. He stopped pacing. "And Jeff's bouncing off what? Well...stop him from eating so much of it."
From the other side of a gabber, the pea-sized communicator in Legion's antenna, Harrier had finished debriefing Legion on the mission: the Bad Guys had taken Luzimoss, they'd defeated Harrier and his crew, and Power Plant had raided Luzimoss's kitchen.
Legion groaned and resumed his pacing, completing another lap on the carpet. It was already wearing thin. He'd recently had the haunt control fluff it, too.
Into his gabber, he said to Harrier, "Lowensland stole your wallet? Why does Jeff care? The coupons? Tell him no one needs professional farting services at half off. At least you'd thrown out the Total Meltdownification certificate he gave you. And the one for his boomerang bullets. Let Jeff figure that out for himself. It's the only way he'll learn."
"An orca has collided with your window," the haunt control said after that orca had slammed into Legion's view. Was that necessary? After all, sharks splattered less.
The protests grew louder. "More skirts in battle! This protest is brought to you by Second Skin Facelifts."
Legion circled toward the door. He bit down on a fist. Except for the animal-rights violations, he was in the protestors' corner to reverse IP's bigoted military hiring process. He really wanted to tell them about the new hire. "I didn't catch that. Jeff compared Luzimoss's power level to what? What's ka-blammo chicken? I'm not asking him. You ask him. Oh, you already did. He said what?" He covered his growing smile. "No, I'm laughing with you."
"A toolshed has collided with your window." 
Legion glimpsed the toolshed that smashed against his office window amid a clatter of steel. Were the protestors using a helipad-sized trampoline to bombard his office? He paced away from the window. What was next? A planetoid?
"Okay, return to Station One to regroup." Legion leaned his forehead against the wall and sighed. He tapped the gabber bud, and the mouthpiece and earpiece retracted.
The protests surged louder against Legion's ears. "Women deserve equal rights to involve themselves in firefights!" Well, if Legion allowed Kamikaze to...
And Lowensland, Sopher's murderer, that supreme idiot. Legion once again had to deal with that waste of oxygen, who'd successfully captured his target. At least now Lowensland wearing a Medusa-inspired haircut was no longer the worst Legion could expect.
Something wrung Legion's arm. It was his hand. His other hand squeezed around a holographic clock that sat on a nearby table. He hadn't heard from Lowensland since Friday. Lowensland hadn't even gabbered him lately about attending his teddy-bear picnics.
"Matross Legion, give us bullets or give us death!"
Legion imagined shattering the window and engaging these protestors in a shouting match. What with them, the Bad Guys, Burnout's newest vendetta against him since he had suggested Power Plant board The Bad Guy Starship with Ace Spandex during the genetic fiasco, and Reef being spotted again with his whiskey flask, Legion would blow a fuse.
Alaphus, I really need Your guidance, he prayed and gripped his necklace, smoothed his thumb over the bullet hole in the cross. It failed to assuage his anger. He drew blood by clutching the clock in his hand so tightly.
So frustrating! Legion wished he could tell the protestors about the Good Guys' new pilot, save them some energy. He whirled around and hurled the clock at the window. MaxSport had his hands tied until he came up with a diplomatic way of revealing the Good Guys' new addition.
 "A clock has collided with your window."
The shouting proved harder and harder to ignore. Ignoring whomever had prowled into his office like a cat across a fence at night, on the other hand, proved impossible. The attacker hammered him over the head, and pain stabbed his skull. What stabbed more was when he blacked out and fell on his clock.
Chapter Six: Breakfast in Stretching Bed
"Wake up," someone said. Luzimoss felt a tap on his cheek...then a crackling slap. Whoever yanked him from sleep did so like a wake-up call right in his antenna.
He mumbled something unintelligible—waking speech always consisted of m sounds and letters you made up on the spot—but his head understood: five more minutes of sleep followed by a coffee. And another coffee. And another sleep. And where the piss was he, anyway?
Wait. His knowledge hivemind told him. With 94 percent accuracy, he was correct. His eyes shot open. The scent of burned oil wafted from a busy machine. He lay stretched across an inertiabed, a medical stretcher that debilitated movement. A bright light hung from a low ceiling in the fringes of his vision. His knowledge hivemind was correct.
Luzimoss tried to lift his arm but couldn't. Leg. Couldn't. Head. Couldn't. If he wanted to kick himself for getting into this situation, he was out of luck. He felt as if he'd canoed up a creek and couldn't find his paddle.
"Luzimoss, you're awake!" Master Asinine screamed. He had yet to remove his mime makeup.
Beside Asinine stood Mechanism. "Splendid. You have learned the difference between awake and asleep." He wrung an armored finger in his earpiece. "Now please learn the difference between your inside and outside voices."
Master Asinine whirled around. "I learned the difference three months ago. I choose to yell everything." Back to Luzimoss, he said, "Rise, my new tangible asset. It's runny-eggs-and-toast-stroganoff-through-a-straw night tonight, and I don't want to spoon-feed you since I already have to do it to Scapegoat."
Mechanism sighed. "He cannot rise, you ignoramus. You activated the inertiabed."
"Well, then he can lick the toast off his chin."
"Like you do. Why must my scholarly talents be wedged into a paltry partnership with the likes of you?"
"Because I hold in my possession the sole password to the dessert pantry." He smugly held a small datasheet in the light. "Ah, foresight." He tapped his temple—
Mechanism snatched the datasheet away like a snake lunging for a mouse. Asinine's shoulders sagged. "Awwww."
Luzimoss's vision fully adjusted, though the burned oil still bothered his nostrils. Above him stood Master Asinine and Mechanism, both regarding him as they would a lab specimen. A bright strip of light panels hovered at the ceiling and silhouetted their heads, though the strip of lights had lost a few circuits. Like the brains of most people Luzimoss had met today. His canoe trip was approaching some rapids.
He should have expected this situation. He had been too distracted to listen to his knowledge hivemind. He struggled against the bed, though he knew even a little give would prove too much to ask. Asinine had jacked the bed's setting so high that Luzimoss found breathing laborious. He had a 2 percent chance of escape. He gave up when sweat tickled his brow from overexertion. "Will one of you curs help me out?"
"Oh, sorry." Master Asinine cleared his throat. "Inertiabed, acknowledge. Deacti—"
Mechanism slapped him. "You cannot simply release him, imbecile. He would escape."
"And enact his plan to use all my dish detergent. What a savage. You can't fool me with the same trick as those rogue mercenaries." Asinine grabbed Luzimoss to shake him, but the inertiabed held him down. In the struggle, Asinine conked his head on the inertiabed's corner. He let go and backed away. "I'm onto your plan. And, if I'm not, my subordinates are. Good for me."
"Has anyone patted you on the head yet?" Luzimoss asked.
"No." Asinine pouted at Mechanism. "Even though I distributed two memos about it."
"I'll find a way out of this," Luzimoss said. "I always find a way out."
A toothy smile domineered Asinine's face. He probably laughed at an inside joke he thought he was in on. "Those way cool energy waves won't help you now. What you don't realize is we removed the part of your brain that gives them off." He released a ham-acted snicker that elevated into guffawing, but instead of a laugh, he said "guffaw" over and over.
"No, we did not," Mechanism said.
Asinine cut his guffaw short. "Oh. Even so, we removed the part of your brain that controls your bladder."
"We removed that from you. You requested so last week. You attempted the surgery yourself, in fact, but could not see what you were doing. You nearly severed your leg before we stopped you...much to my regret."
"Much to mine, as well. Introductions: Luzimoss, meet my chief science guy, Mechanism. Chief science guy Mechanism, meet this dude lying here on the table."
"I am not your...chief science guy. That 'esteemed' title belongs to Brick."
Master Asinine wore a gawp that should feel so familiar to him. "Then what do you do around here?"
"You know, to this day, you have yet to inform me. All you say you hired me for was because I have this 'boss robot suit.'" Mechanism gestured with a clank of gears at his body. "Thus far, I unclog the drains in our bathrooms."
"We'll come up with something to make you a team player later. Right now, to explain your purpose, Luzimoss, we need energy, specifically the strange energy you put off. We need to funnel that energy into our station, increasing its power and giving it new vibrant scents like wild cherry and spiced rum. I stole this idea from an episode of Do-It-Yourself Domination, but on the show it backfired and everything exploded. That won't happen here, though, because that happens only to stupid people.
"But let's get down to"—he made finger quotes—"brass tacks. Mechanism, file this task under 'brass tacks, comma, getting down to.' First, we need information. Therefore we shall question you, Luzimoss, and itinerate some answers. We'll index those answers, order them by taste, and cross-reference them in the database. We may also type them up. To start, I'll activate the torture juice here. Please excuse the agony, Luzimoss." His tongue peeked out from between his teeth, and a giggle bubbled out. "Because agony hurts."
A contraption sat next to the inertiabed. Asinine reached for a knob marked TORTURE JUICE: MIN on one end and TORTURE JUICE: NOT NEARLY MAX ENOUGH on the other. He clicked it and cranked it up. Nothing happened. The contraption was unplugged.
"Okay, Luzimoss, now that you're experiencing incredible torment, Mechanism will fire away with my pertinent questions."
Mechanism's head lolled. "Remind me again who is experiencing incredible torment." He grabbed a datasheet from a table. "My mentor, the eminent Frederick Snogsbottom, would have grunted dissatisfaction over my shameful fate were he to live today. Why must I play your little charade?"
"Because charades is the only game I play. Now, start the rapid-fire grilling."
Mechanism scrutinized Asinine as if searching for some shred of evidence Asinine was only acting stupid all this time. No such luck. He lifted the datasheet and, under his helmet, sounded as if he read through his teeth. "Question one: would you like fries with that?"
"Fries with what?" Luzimoss asked.
Mechanism threw his arms up and, with a clank, let them drop to his sides. "I have not the foggiest. I highly doubt our less-than-venerated leader knows, either."
"I have some fog," Master Asinine said. Behind him, that machine continued burning oil. "Okay, Mechanism, move onto question two."
Mechanism growled and raised a fist to within swinging distance of Asinine. The fist loosened, ending the comedy before it started. "Question two: what are your thoughts on Reaganomics?"
Asinine leaned closer, eager for the answer. Luzimoss pondered the question. He would have rubbed his chin, but...well...inertiabed. "No comment."
Master Asinine seemed intrigued. "Ooh. Good answer, good answer."
"Question three: have a cookie." Mechanism clicked his tongue. "That is not even a question. You know, insipid things such as this are why nobody visits but Crazy O'Toole."
"We do so have visitors. Why do you think the cockroaches come? Certainly not to"—Asinine sniggered—"'infest.'"
"No." Mechanism's voice sounded stiff. "Certainly not."
Asinine headed for the door. "I think we have all the information we need. Mechanism, later I need you to clone my mouth in case of rampant, widespread luncheon meetings. For now, you have more important tasks, such as pulling the hair out of the bathroom sink." He exited the room. The l-door he passed through whistled when it reappeared.
Mechanism sneered after Asinine. "What a buffoon." He clomped to the door.
"Why do you let him get under your skin?" Luzimoss asked. "He's as smart as a fire extinguisher."
Mechanism stopped. "You read that assessment in Megalomaniacs Monthly, too?" With his back still facing Luzimoss, he looked over his shoulder. He seemed to mull over his words, but instead he opted not to address Luzimoss's question. "If you will excuse me, I must unclog a sink. Then Appetite will need his walk as long as I locate his tennis ball. I will return later to describe how your brainwaves can be of my gain. Until then, read the limericks Asinine scrawled on the wall." He strode toward the exit.
"But they don't rhyme. Or make sense."
The l-door faded to allow Mechanism passage. "They never do."
Chapter Seven: Survey Says
"For crock, that hurt." Ace Spandex banged his knee against a doorframe. Harrier had prodded him into the master communication room with such urgency. He felt Harrier was in too much of a rush. He also felt his kneecap bellow in agony.
Immediately after returning to Station One, Harrier had grabbed Reef and Ace Spandex and ushered them here. He told Ace Spandex to investigate the strange brainwaves Luzimoss had given off. What would Ace know about strange brainwaves? Even if he knew what a strange brainwave looked like, what would he know about the danger it posed? And could Legion find a second computer agent so Ace Spandex could get some sleep? He'd been tweaking the new haunt control for thirty-two hours nonstop now.
Silas Reef followed in, flexing a hand whose broken knuckle had recently healed. "Will this take long? I need to make sure the Bad Guy logos on our transports comply with our new contract."
"It shan't take long at all," Harrier said, "but I need Aaron to study the brainwaves of a bloke we encountered in our mission earlier today. And, Silas, I may need your veteran's experience in mental assaults."
Ace Spandex said to Reef, "What do you know about brainwaves?"
"Next to nothing. I was involved in one psychic war. One. Most of my time there was spent rebuilding." Reef stopped beside Ace Spandex, Harrier behind him. Which was perfect because Ace Spandex loved people lurking right behind him. That rated as highly as slow digestion in the enzymes of giant flies.
"Excuse the mess." Ace Spandex frenzied around the room to clean up empty pizza boxes, chocolate milk cartons, and bubblegum wrappers. He swept up a few datasheets left strewn around on chairs. One still played news coverage of Power Plant causing a hubbub at a Gaian safari. Reports said he let a rhino and a gnawl mate. Again. He was held responsible for a few crossbreeds, all involving hideous offspring. Zoologists had retroactively blamed him for the mule...just because.
Harrier moved to sit on a chair draped with comic datasheets, but Ace Spandex dumped the garbage gathered in his arms onto the floor and rushed at him. "Hey, hey, don't move!" Crouched over the seat, Harrier waited for Ace Spandex to gingerly remove the datasheets. "Comics. Limited editions. Only four billion produced. Respect the literature. Please."
Reef padded a chair. "Is it okay yet? I'm not sitting on a platinum-lined, second-run lunchbox?" He sat, placing his hand on a small table next to him. "Should we hire a maid, or will you just ask Asinine if Appetite can help you eat your way out?"
Ace Spandex returned to the computer bank and sat facing a virtual keyboard. He tapped a button, and a viewscreen sprouted from the station's computer ether. Huh? The viewscreen blared a blinding pink with a carnation border. A cherry-colored halo blinked in one corner, representing his cursor. A brazen cartoon blonde in the center posed as his software assistant, other chic funk surrounding her.
"Oh, for freak's sake. Jeff and Jacob screwed around with my viewscreen mod settings again. What is this, Sassmouth Girls?" He stabbed a couple of buttons to rid himself of the pink mod. No change. Computerized paperclip assistants were looking less and less annoying.
Reef shot him a stiff frown that told him time drew short. "I'll help you reload your old mod later. James Brown will soon enough scream bloody murder again. For now, deal with it."
"Oh, I'll deal with them all right."
"Just tell him never to tamper with your stuff again."
"Not a chance. Last time I told Jeff to stop something, he made exploding sounds in my face and then ran off to throw rocks at traffic." For now, Ace Spandex would force himself tolerate the hot pink and the computer assistant, Cloe. Or at least that was the name underneath the cartoon figure, but Ace Spandex was christening her Jeffy.
"Okay, assuming our machines can read brainwaves from more than a billion kilometers away—which isn't likely—and assuming I can interpret that brainwave data—which I can't—and assuming Kamikaze hadn't swallowed several vital circuit boards—which he did—to see how awful it tasted—which he did—I couldn't begin to tell you what this data means. Which I won't."
Reef cleared his throat. "But you can try anyway, which you will."
With a speedy clickity-clack, Ace Spandex jabbed a few keys. "Let me mention the importance of hiring an actual scientist for this sort of thing. You know, someone with a background in mental physics or technology."
"So we'd have someone with a passing knowledge of computers?" Reef quipped.
"And yet you come to me when the whole operation goes to shambles. Funny how that is. I need the mission code."
"Mission one nine dash one one six," Harrier said.
Ace Spandex stopped typing. Faster to speak. "Control, acknowledge. Load Geigertronic's Home Brainwave Read-o-Gram onto existing viewscreen. Open to combat site of mission one nine dash one one six in database."
"Software loaded. File opened." The viewscreen now showed a bird's eye view of the market. Ace Spandex followed Harrier's directions and navigated the view southwestward until he found where Luzimoss had been. Another keystroke laid a brainwave-emission grid over the normal view. Splotches of salmon, mauve, and other Sassmouth Girls–themed pinks and purples spread over the viewscreen, representing different brainwave levels. To Ace Spandex, they represented different depths of Power Plant and Franchise's early graves.
Cloe sprouted a speech bubble and haughtily tapped her foot: "It looks like you're attempting to contain a galactic emergency. Would you like help?" Ace Spandex selected the "talk to the hand" option.
"My Hanukah trip can't start too soon," he muttered. He squinted at the grid's symbol chart, but the viewscreen was too wide and the chart too small. "Control, acknowledge. Magnify symbol chart by three times."
With a burst of glitter, the sound of magic sparkles, and the giggling of his airheaded computer assistant, the viewscreen complied. Ace Spandex hung his head in shame.
Reef put a hand over Ace Spandex's shoulder. "I understand your pain. Your viewscreen looks as if a cheerleading squad fashion-bombed it." The giggle intensified when more magic glitter sneezed onto the symbol chart. "And hosed it down with pixie urine."
Ace Spandex checked the symbol chart, ignoring the glitter. The highest brainwave level, when Luzimoss had trounced everyone, measured 1590 hertz. Was that normal? The symbol chart said a Trioxidillian's brainwaves ranged from eighteen to forty-six hertz when thinking. A telepath's sometimes shot to ninety-eight hertz. Cloe shook her head and smugly crossed her arms to indicate that the brainwave level had gone too high for Ace Spandex to be part of the "in" crowd. Ace Spandex wanted to force-feed her every single one of her foot-long eyelashes. He reserved her high heels to force-feed Franchise's rear orifice.
Reef studied the viewscreen that still played the sounds of magic glitter. "Luzimoss produced four hundred and seventy hertz at most points. That isn't even possible."
Ace Spandex studied the data. "That brainwave activity is at a level possible only when Power Plant schemes to mangle someone's mods."
"Drop it, Ace." Reef rapped a knuckle against the table.
Fine. For now. Ace Spandex checked a small graph inset in the image of the market. The graph showed brainwave activity along a timeline. Designer earrings dotted the timeline's points. "The lowest brainwave level was twenty-six hertz, below this red line, which, I'm guessing, is fine. The highest, though, is one thousand five hundred and ninety hertz, well above this red line. I'm guessing that means our brains melt if we shake this guy's hand."
"Key to the universe." With his eyes entranced on the graph, Reef's mouth fell agape. "Oh, no." That agape look made Ace Spandex guess the Good Guys would be near Asinine for at least a few hours. Legion had mentioned the danger of stupidity emissions.
"Oh, no?" Harrier asked. He looked as confused as Ace Spandex except with ruffled feathers.
Reef bolted up and spun around at Harrier. "Harrier, organize a mission team. Find everyone. Tell Kamikaze he's the pilot. He'll navigate, too, since Franchise isn't finished his training. We have to stop Asinine. Now!"
Harrier backed away and straightened his feathers. "Yes, right away. In view of your mental battle experience, I would prefer if you were ranking officer."
"What's all this about?" Ace Spandex's eyes darted between the two.
Reef stared hard at him. "The key to Asinine controlling the universe is someone that emits brainwaves thirty times as intense as a normal Trioxidillian. If Luzimoss even thinks a stray thought, he's liable to annihilate life as we know it."
Reef and Harrier tore out of the room, Harrier hobbling on his braced knee. Ace Spandex wandered out after them. "You mean he's got Jeff's brain?"
Chapter Eight: His Special Place
"You are undeniably part of my plan to cleanse this galaxy," Mechanism said to Luzimoss. He followed that with a hearty chuckle. No, two hearty chuckles. In all his magnificence, he deserved it. After all, he had found Luzimoss. Yet the goal of his plan to wrest the Bad Guys' resources from Master Asinine remained unmet. For one, he had to still herd Luzimoss to Brick's lab. And...what else had Master Asinine written down on this to-do list? Trim Scapegoat's nose hairs?
That fool Master Asinine. No wonder the criminal organizations in Renovodomus deemed him a laughingstock. If his conflicting color scheme did not annoy Mechanism, it was his tripping on his own feet whenever he crossed anything as wide as a tennis court. He sorely needed to remove his combat clown shoes. They were not helping his, as he had put it, "kick synergy."
Mechanism had transported Luzimoss to his secret lair. Secret lair. Pfft. He hated that term, which sounded as if coined in a substandard comic book for simpleminded fools or simpleminded criminal leaders. His gadgets hung charged, readied, and alphabetized along the far wall. His viewscreens, lined against another wall, apprised him of what transpired elsewhere on Station Zilcho. The door stood ahead. Behind sat his most frequently used equipment, the toilet in the bathroom, since wine passed through him with no mercy. Dignifying his majesty or not, that toilet had become the lair's focus.
The room sat in darkness, lit by only a light panel and the viewscreens. Like Master Asinine, Mechanism preferred darkness. He found darkness easier to concentrate in. It rested his retinas after viewing yet another of Master Asinine's flashing ties.
Two months ago, when the Bad Guys had first acquired Station Zilcho, Mechanism had memorized its blueprints. He had found this main command center tucked into the station's deep core. It housed the haunt control and l-tech databank. Before Master Asinine could discover its existence and claim it as his new Party Hazard Theater, Mechanism had quickly erased it from the blueprints. He rerouted all computer functions to Master Asinine's central "control" chamber, giving Master Asinine the impression he operated Station Zilcho from his smoothie machine: grape for lights on, orange for lights off. But that control was an illusion. The real control rested here in the real command center. Programming an l-wall to conceal the room's sole door was the final step. Mechanism had indeed ensured his masterminded plan would remain undiscovered.
Mechanism snapped into place the second-to-last conduit on the contraption on which he toiled. He extended a screwdriver from a wrist inlet to fasten it. Putting a hand to his chin, he studied the contraption. Perfection. If genius were tangible, he would style his every morning. Instead, he would have to settle for the rapture with which it inflated his heart. Or, as Master Asinine called it, "the gushy feeling in the blood gajugga." The medical dictionary Mechanism had lent him had not captured his attention, probably from the lack of connect-the-dot activities.
"Undeniably part of your plan? I have no interest in taking part in any sick plan," said Luzimoss, still bound to the silver inertiabed.
"You have the opportunity to shape this galaxy. Would you rather stand by the Good Guys?"
Luzimoss's expression soured further. "I have no interest in helping them, either."
"Good." Mechanism retracted the screwdriver. It buzzed back into its sheath. "Master Asinine desires you for the unusually potent energy your brain outputs. That lewdster plans to power his way to victory. I, on the other hand, know your true hyperability."
Mechanism did not need to see Luzimoss to know his muscles stiffened on the inertiabed as if liquid nitrogen crackled them frozen. He looked as bewildered as Master Asinine whenever that caveman tried pronouncing what he read on a keyboard.
"My knowledge hivemind?" A bogus smile slithered over Luzimoss's lips. "Uh, heh. What...knowl—"
"You are a horrible actor." Mechanism anticipated Luzimoss's next question. "How do I know? People with telepathic hyperabilities emit different brain patterns and higher activity than those without. A telepath's brainwaves communicate with or alter other brainwaves, whether through mind reading, manipulation, or two-way transfer. Your brainwaves lent me a clue, so I began studying you. I discovered your brainwaves stretch not across other minds but across other timelines. You communicate with other versions of yourself."
Luzimoss coughed a fake laugh. "Sounds like something from an awful futuristic science fiction novel." Nice try, cur.
Mechanism drilled the last bolt into place on the contraption. He raised it so the Trioxidillian could see. "Hardly the stuff of fiction. Tegmarkian physicists verified parallel timelines in the fortieth century."
Though Luzimoss doubtless understood the science of timelines intimately, Mechanism explained it anyway. He loved impressing his knowledge upon mediocre boors. "When an event—a choice, a circumstance, whatever—yields many possible outcomes, the timeline spawns new ones to allow each possible outcome to occur. These new timelines, in turn, spawn newer timelines when newer situations yield newer outcomes. They differ only slightly at first but, over a stretch, they diverge remarkably. For instance, a timeline may exist where Master Asinine thinks. Effectively, I might add. That timeline's galaxy of Stratus Cloud has already fallen to his plan, unlike here where he mismatches his socks. Therefore, that timeline would contrast with this one because he would rule, wage wars, and not sing in the shower.
"You and versions of you in parallel timelines communicate among yourselves. You consult each other's thoughts to predict outcomes to situations, mimicking clairvoyance perhaps by consulting those whose timelines have forced an event to occur earlier for them. You predict only the odds of an outcome, not its surety, but you are still powerful. That was how you defeated us in today's marketplace fiasco. You live with the knowledge of trillions of lives. I will use that knowledge to predict my way to conquest."
"Excellent, Lord. Your mind-staggering intellect astonishes me," the prattling Appliance said, buzzing out of the shadows. It clacked together its three-pronged pincers.
Appliance was the hovering robotic assistant Mechanism had created. Its body, crafted from a canned-snake drone, was a one-foot pewter cylinder with two hinged arms attached to each side and a single lens in front acting as an eye. In hindsight, pewter proved an unwise choice for Appliance's body: whenever Appliance passed a light, it reflected that light into Mechanism's eyes. But how could Mechanism live without Appliance? Appliance fetched his morning coffee.
Appliance's processor was stolen from an artificial intelligence simulator, probably the same one Master Asinine used whenever the occasion of thought pleased him. Mechanism had replaced the personality from the simulator with millions of encyclopedias and a fervent loyalty. Bad idea. Appliance's suck-up program now conquered three-quarters of available memory.
Appliance glided over the array of tools that lay on the workbench near the inertiabed. It observed the contraption in Mechanism's hands. "You are a wizard with machinery. Might I say your new contraption—"
"Enough, machine." Mechanism swatted Appliance aside. The drone rattled into an empty box. "You boost my ego already more than Appetite's displays of table manners."
"Very well, sir. I will remain silent, for only you speak with perfection. By the way, Hopscotch B'Gotch's half-off sale begins—"
"Shut your language processor." Mechanism raised his swatting hand, his favorite in social situations. He had forgotten to delete the advertisements from Appliance's programming. Alas.
Pattering footsteps entered the lair, which was odd since Mechanism stood still, Luzimoss lay immobile, and Appliance had no feet. A silhouette appeared at the door. An intruder.
Ice Cream Headache stopped stiffly. "What's this room doing here?" With suspicious eyes, she shook out a puff of condensation vapor. She dropped what she carried: a crate of machine parts that shattered the awkward hush. In stark confusion, her mouth opened and shut as if she were an android that had malfunctioned in the middle of a sentence. Had she wet her pants? Oh. Trick of the shadows. What disappointment. Mechanism would love another reason to look down on her.
Mechanism said to Appliance, "Machine, did you forget to close the door?"
"I never use doors, Your Majesty. They don't fade for me because you haven't permitted the haunt control to acknowledge my existence. Plus, I cannot use door controls." Appliance clacked his claws. "Pincer arms, you see."
"Uhm...this isn't Asinine's Prance Prance Revolution arena." Headache quivered. "Unless the deejay booth was replaced by a viewscreen that says, 'Secret Plans to Overthrow Master Asinine.'"
Drat. Had Mechanism left that on?
Headache darted for the exit, her long black hair waving good-bye. Mechanism rolled his eyes. Why must this erect baboon waste energy by attempting an escape? "Control, acknowledge. Lock door."
Headache smacked into the materializing l-door. She rebounded with her hand covering her nose. "Crocking solid objects."
Mechanism was on Headache in a second. He crushed a gloved hand around the rube's throat and lifted her off the floor. Headache feebly tried to kick away, but her kicks were as effective as Multipurpose's sit-ups yet without being quite the farcical disgrace.
Appliance buzzed closer. "A fabulous capture, Your Majesty." What claptrap.
"I'm sensing some serious crap afoot." Headache's voice wheezed the words.
"The underhanded kind of crap." Mechanism leaned into Headache's face. "You. Tell. Nobody. Understand?"
Headache grunted. "Control, acknowledge. Save me."
Mechanism leaned even closer. "In my chamber, the haunt control obeys only me."
"Are you going to kill me?" Headache squeaked out most of her remaining air. Mechanism attributed her lack of voice to her turning blue. An appropriate color for someone who should not enter forbidden rooms.
"No, I will not. It would cause suspicion if you turned up dead."
"Then can I please breathe?" Headache clutched Mechanism's fingers. "If it's not too much trouble."
Mechanism released her throat. Headache fell against the contents of her dropped box, clattering a riot of glass baubles.
"You are as intrusive as you are bothersome. I wish evolution would tidy genetic underachievers such as you, but it apparently has not weeded out the riffraff."
By Headache's clenched expression, Mechanism could tell when she focused her hyperability, but the mote remained ignorant of one fact. "Your hyperability cannot affect me. Mind-blocking implants in my helmet." Mechanism tapped his temple.
"The same implants that overinflate your ego?" Headache asked. Much as success had, Mechanism chose to ignore this oaf.
"Nevertheless, I may have use for you." Mechanism leaned closer to Headache, hoping the whelp smelled the sweet aroma of his last glass of Pomposité. He handed over the contraption in his hand. "Now, put this energy harness around Luzimoss's head and help me wheel him into Brick's secondary lab before Master Asinine grows suspicious of my absence and spawns a clue."
Chapter Nine: Company Coming
The Good Guys' Fireball swerved around an advertisement for Mystery Science Theater 10000 seared into the face of a meteor. Station Zilcho hung ahead in eyeshot like a dot among the stars that speckled the black landscape of space.
Power Plant's bones itched. He couldn't wait to perform all the double-thrust claw blast punches he'd read about! Those attacks meant only one thing: ninja business. His kind of business.
But, sitting here, in this padded chair in the passenger's section of the Fireball, he felt the agonizing wait. He ground his teeth. His bones grew itchier with each second ticking into a minute. Was this how a ninja felt? How could ninjas tolerate the sitting around, especially on the butt flesh? If Legion let him use throwing stars as he'd asked, he'd be scratching his itchy bones with the retribution of a ninja. Plus he'd have something to toss at the hull.
Most of the Good Guys sat strewn around the starship. Franchise had stayed home for navigation training. Ace Spandex remained behind because he wasn't a field agent. Pincushion stayed as well: in case of emergency, a field agent should stay at home. Plus he suffered from wicked insomnia. Null, the comatose Good Guy: self-explanatory. And, finally, an outing without blast-a-pants Car Alarm and a pair of earplugs that didn't quite do the job.
Power Plant observed Reef, who stared out at Station Zilcho. As the ranking agent, he took charge of the operation from Harrier. Apparently, the mission was important enough for him to act as the big man. Not too big, though. Maybe six feet tall.
Reef snuck periodic peeks at Kamikaze, probably to ensure no self-destruct sequences had been activated. With a look of satisfaction, he addressed the team. "Has everyone read the briefing datasheet on this mission?"
"Zis mission where starts ninja fancy campout?" Power Plant asked.
Reef's eyes fluttered and he sighed, considering something. Raising Power Plant's salary? That was the only way Power Plant could afford a Cosmonaut Chimp thermal nuclear play set since the microwave burned out. "Yes, it is. Feel free to light as many ninja fancy campfires as humanly possible."
Power Plant shot from his seat even though they hadn't landed. "'Cause it's be humanly possibly ta lights hundreds o' camping fires! I counts 'em last nights when I lights 'em at home."
"Moving on." Reef rose his voice to address the room. "Everyone, this is a search-and-acquire mission. The Bad Guys have captured Luzimoss, a person of incredible power. When I say 'incredible power,' I mean to take the number of stupid things Asinine has thought about over the last"—he estimated with a shrug—"fourteen seconds, multiply that by how many stupid things he's done over the last fourteen seconds and...Actually, that's all I need to say. Anyway, take all that stupidity, convert it into brain patterns, and you have the energy this guy outputs in a single thought.
"The output manifests mostly as energy but also as harmful psychic brainwaves. They cause, among other things, temporary memory loss or, in Asinine's case, nothing. We don't know if this person has sided with the Bad Guys."
"We're closing in." Kamikaze hooted and grabbed the interstellar communicator with a clatter. "I'll announce our intention to crash into one of their skyscrapers. Not one of those antennae clusters but something with real mass."
Harrier stumbled from his seat and slammed a palm over the communicator. "You will blooming well do nothing of the sort with me aboard."
Kamikaze moaned. "But Power Plant and Franchise got to crash a transport."
Harrier whispered, "Must your tongue always regrow?" Louder. "I feel no need to explain the reasons behind denying every daft death wish you have. For starters, merely assume everyone wants to bloody well live."
"I gets up on that space station and I gonna eats their bacons straight outta their fridge doojiggers." Power Plant leaped up, his ankle only murmuring an ache. He banged his head on a hovering light panel, which sent it spiraling into the ceiling. It clanged against the metal.
"No eating of bacon." Burnout guided Power Plant back to his seat. He still wore a brace on his leg and a bandage on his knuckles from Friday's battle. His tooth, however, had been replaced. "It'll ruin your appetite. And you don't know what mutagens Asinine injects into his food."
"All the fun ones."
Reef took the navigator's chair. "Control, acknowledge. Keep descent commands as programmed, but advise us of the disruption to the Bad Guys' atmospheric bubble."
"Natch, dude," the haunt control said.
Reef fired Power Plant a stern glare. "Must you give everything a Sassmouth Girls mod?"
"You mean that's ain't Taxi Driver?"
Chapter Ten: Wake-Up Call...Distress-Style
A blaring wah-wah erupted in the central control chamber. Master Asinine bolted from sleep and tumbled out of his director's chair. The X of elm wood crossing his chair's legs snapped with the sound of whatever elm wood was made of. Oh, just great. That lost asset would surely affect his valuation distribution quartile. He kicked away the chair. Curses. He'd just acquired that sitting asset. He'd finally found one with black-on-jet-black writing across the canvas back.
"Control, acknowledge. Kill director's chair and hang it at an orbital outpost as a warning to other director's chairs that think they have the gonads to test my patience."
"Cannot compute. Your command is wrong in more ways than I can count."
Rude haunt control. To offend Asinine, Schizophrenic had installed a mouthy mod for times when that two-headed goon was unavailable.
Asinine had woken from a dream in which he ruled cantaloupe. What had woken him? A noise. What made that noise? It sounded like Asinine's prerecorded praise siren. His praise siren made noise, right? The praise siren blared a wail whose pitch undulated. "Good Guys present. Good Guys present. You are a competent leader and proficient speller. Good Guys present." The praise siren didn't allow the mouthy mod to get a word in edgewise. Nevertheless, it and Asinine's sleeping needs were not synergistic. It was getting a pay cut.
He rubbed the crust from his eyes. In his Tween Soul Sisters Legends of Pop footed pajamas with butt flap, he zombied toward the chamber's computer bank.
His gabber rested atop the computer bank. Still encumbered by sleep, he slapped a hand over the gabber to pick it up but instead hit a button. Now the drawbridge that spanned the control tower's recently installed dragon moat retracted with clanking chains. He'd have to remember that before he stepped outside. He snatched at his gabber again but missed and hit the computer bank, erasing the haunt control's memory of Scapegoat. Scapegoat better heed those intruder alerts.
Asinine finally caught the gabber on his third slap. Smacking his lips, he placed it in his ear. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity That Lieutenant of Mine." He yawned.
"Contacting entity That Lieutenant of Mine. Seeking connection, seeking connection, see—connection attained." The gabber's mouthpiece and earpiece shot out and curved around his head.
"Sir?" buzzed IQ 23's voice. "Sir, the Good Guy warning alarm is notifying us that the Good Guys made an atmospheric breach."
"I wondered why it kept telling me the Good Guys are present. Where are they?"
"Nearing Station Zilcho, sir."
"Oh. Well, I'm going back to bed. Let me know when they find what they want. But don't give them any flour. Crazy O'Toole is making us pancakes tomorrow." He lurched back to the remains of his chair.
"We may have to deal with the Good Guys more directly, sir. The junior thugs are already mobilized. We're awaiting your keen leadership." So was that cantaloupe. Asinine really should activate Station Zilcho's exospheric defenses. The number of visitors that reached the atmospheric bubble would undoubtedly decrease.
Asinine blinked to clear the rest of the sleep. "Fine. I'll be ready once I change out of my jammies. Meet me by the water cooler. Have the junior thugs stop for doughnuts on the way. We will dialogue about battle strategies, investment opportunities at prime rates, and yesterday's episode of The Best of Our Love. Ooh, I still can't believe Madison ended up with Horatio. He's so wrong for her since he's a space monster and she's a desk drawer."
"The junior thugs are already on the move, sir."
So his prime-rate sales force, the usual junior thugs, was already mobilized. Most of them, anyway. Appetite was probably still gnawing on that heart-shaped plutonium rod he'd found among Asinine's keepsakes. Was Schizophrenic still guarding their rocket boot collection with his life and year-end commission bonus? He had earlier mentioned shoving them so far up Asinine's rectum that no one would ever find them. Good hiding spot. What was a rectum?
Asinine donned his combat clown shoes. He picked up his tin-can blaster and cocked it. It didn't need cocking. That explained why it snapped in two when he tried. He tossed it aside with a shrug. No great loss. The sports-card bubblegum it was made from was brittle and tasted chalky. "Lieutenant, where exactly will the Good Guys land their Good Ship Lollipop?"
"Projections indicate they'll land in the Katanarama Sector. But, sir, their starship is the least of our concerns. Once they land, they can fan out in three possible directions. We might lose them."
"Least of our concerns? We can use that starship as a tree fort. Our competitors will be so jealous. They'll have to triple-manage their economic delta models. Plus my face is on the wing." He parked himself on the floor by the computer bank.
"We don't have strong enough trees on Station Zilcho for a tree fort, sir."
"Then plant some. We're missing a golden opportunity here. Must I remind you what the break room's motivational poster says? 'Awesome ideas: eat some for breakfast.' Now, where can the Good Guys go?" He stifled another yawn.
"One possible direction is toward your Funhouse of Tedium, another is westward, and the last is eastward."
"Forget the funhouse. I'm not setting foot past the peeling-paint exhibit. Have Mechanism, Multipurpose, Ice Cream Headache, and my grandmother guard the east."
"We can't find Mechanism or Ice Cream Headache, sir, and your grandmother died twelve years ago."
"Then redistribute my task force. Have Schizophrenic guard the west and Multipurpose blubber up the east. Have Brick send a bouquet to my grandmother's grave. Have him write the card, too." He snickered. "Brick's ungainly words will show her nobody skimps on a bicycle for my tenth birthday."
"Sweet revenge, sir. Sweet revenge."
"Keep tracking the Good Guys, Lieutenant. I have to stop by the bathroom before combat. This bladder doesn't urinate itself. Gabber, acknowledge. We're out."
"Cannot compute. Your command is wrong in more ways than I can count."
"But I only said one thing!"
Chapter Eleven: Change of Plans
Reef disembarked the Fireball and avoided looking at the huge Bad Guy logo on the starship's wing. He checked the westward path: silver buildings, storage units, and cotton candy merchants. Down the eastward path, much of the same. A building blocked the north. Down the southward path, Asinine's Funhouse of Tedium.
Reef loosened with such relief for being out of that confining Fireball. He felt as if its walls were folding in. It stank of burning oil, probably from Kamikaze's crash-test flying. Or his feeding an arm into the engine. His own arm, this time. How it regrew in minutes confounded Reef.
Sobriety cottoned Reef's thinking. How long had he gone without a drink? Twelve hours. For the entire trip, he'd locked his limbs to keep his withdrawal shakes—his It—in check. He glanced around. Leaving the starship before the others afforded him the chance for a private treat. He discreetly pulled a whiskey flask from an inner pocket and verified no one was watching. He glugged a swig, thought, and glugged another. He checked again. No one had spotted him. Good. He couldn't stand the nagging and down-looking if people found out. He didn't have a problem, only a habit. Only a habit.
Reef had recently stopped counting dry days, fighting impulses, and torturing himself with avoidance. His ex-wife used to pester him about his drinking, had claimed it had driven them to divorce. But he had done nothing wrong. Besides, drinking was okay on missions. Expected. Needed since it relaxed him.
Despite his injured leg, Burnout stomped down the ramp toward Reef. Reef stuffed the flask back into a pocket. The air between them singed with heat.
Burnout's red eyes fired redder. He reached Reef. "I'm going with Jeff."
"Aside from burning me to a crisp, you're what?"
"Legion sent my brother on a mission already today—without my permission or protection. This time he split the group in two and separated Jeff and me. Switch Kamikaze with me. That nut job can't go anywhere near Jeff."
Reef held his ground. His drink had given him a shot of confidence, though his stomach coiled. "A lot of planning went into this. I can't simply rearrange—"
Burnout's fist burst into flame. He stepped forward. "I'm going with Jeff."
A soft wind whistled down the street. "Fine," Reef said. Burnout's wrinkled eyebrows and upturned lip suggested Reef not test Burnout. Whatever the older Abends brother wanted nowadays, he got. Good thing he wasn't the brother wanting to swallow a hydrogen bomb to find out if it would "asplode all over inside his stomachal."
The rest of the team disembarked. Reef passed Burnout, observing him cautiously. With a growl, the redhead stepped away.
Reef should have briefed the team aboard the starship, but he'd felt too dizzy. Restlessness from not affording himself a drink. "Okay, listen up. Harrier's team, consisting of Momentum and Kamikaze, will move east to locate Luzimoss. My team, consisting of Smithereens, Burnout, and Power Plant, will move west to locate Asinine. Our mission, as I said, is to liberate Luzimoss. I'm guessing from this space station's floor plans that the most likely place they're keeping him is Brick's lab. Use any hyperabilities or hypermutations at your disposal." Reef checked Kamikaze. "Except you."
Momentum sneered. "What's your hyperability, Reef? Still aren't coming clean?"
Why couldn't Momentum drop that subject? If he only knew how much Reef wished to tell them...If only Reef could tell them...
Reef continued, "We carry out a systematic search. Avoid combat. Avoid tripping any alarms." He glared at Kamikaze again. "Because nothing is rigged to detonate." He thumbed the Funhouse of Tedium over his shoulder. "Let's not worry about that. I doubt Luzimoss is hidden between the phonebooks and unsorted shirt buttons."
Chapter Twelve: Lab Rats
Kamikaze beelined toward a tall building that punctured the overlaying, yolk of the sun. He burst through the l-door and stopped in what resembled a small assembly hall. The chinstraps of his pilot's helmet settled against his cheeks. Had he set off anything? A bow-and-arrow trap? A napalm hose? A macked-off cougar? Legion after the garbage disposal was gummed up again?
"Yooooo-hoooooo," he sang. Nothing but whispers of ventilation. "Death traps?"
"We need not broadcast our arrival." Harrier hobbled past him, favoring one leg.
Kamikaze regarded him incredulously. "We do too need broadcast it. My arm can't get blown off any other way. And I hear Asinine owns nuclear ringworms."
His black-clad form leaped further into the assembly hall. He rushed across its back balcony, jabbing his foot on something sharp. Oh, that felt good. He back-stepped and jabbed his other foot. Now he had a double limp. To heal, the wounds would take at least ten minutes. He could design a nice slash pattern along his legs if he found a knee-high version of whatever he'd stepped on.
He reached an l-door. It disappeared with a whoomp to reveal a yellow hallway. The left path wound around a corner that held, for all he knew, dozens of killer traps. The right looked unlikely to hold any: too many stuffed animals.
He opted for the left. The map module Momentum held told them Brick's lab lay in that direction. But in the assembly hall building? Whatever. Not everything needed its own place. And if Station Zilcho hid anything fun and dangerous, it was something their claptrap-blabbering scientist had concocted at Asinine's misguided behest.
Momentum reached the doorway. "We should split up."
Kamikaze inhaled the orange-scented cleanser of the sparkling hall. "I agree. Our arms go down this hall, our legs down this one. We'll drag our bodies back outside by our front teeth, opening and closing our mouths until we're toothless."
"We will not split up. My military training cautions vehemently against such a plan. We would cover ground more quickly but more dangerously. We would lose control of this mission."
"All perfectly good reasons!"
Harrier studied both paths. "Let us progress down the left corridor. The laboratory is around this corner behind the first door. Kamikaze, as much as you will blooming love it, you will take point. If anything happens, at least it will halt your suicide plans."
"Sounds good to me." Kamikaze marched down the hall. To his disappointment, around the corner lay only more stuffed animals. Not even a thumbtack to head-butt.
The first door, eh? The door labeled "Brick's Lab—Danger: Confusing Words—Do Not Enter" in brown, scrawling crayon? Below that sign hung a picture of a monochromatic stick man buckling under a rambling string of letters that stabbed his midsection.
The door wouldn't fade. Locked. Breaking it down was an option, but Kamikaze knew cooler ways to trip the alarms. Asinine's generics, the Bad Guys' low-level thugs, could be here in a heartbeat, ready to rip out his heart in a beat.
Harrier pressed on the door. Nothing. "Perhaps we should have attempted this after Jeffrey learned his ninja fantasy maneuvers."
"I'll pretend I'm in suicide fantasy camp."
"You always do," Momentum said. "Why not try the obvious? Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door."
"Closest door unlocked. It's your funeral," the haunt control said.
"Exactly the news I like to hear." The door disappeared, so Kamikaze peeked around in the dim lab. "Might be impolite, but it speaks my language."
"This is too easy," Momentum said. Harrier nodded in agreement. Why did everyone complain when things were easy? If everything was difficult, Kamikaze wouldn't get any dying done. Besides, if people infiltrating Brick's lab concerned Asinine, he wouldn't advertise the cookouts happening here every other Thursday.
Harrier and Momentum inched in and acknowledged every angle of hiding space with their pistols. Kamikaze, on the other hand, clomped in with brazen strides and broad arm swings. Harrier swatted him on the head to stop his craziness. Didn't work.
Momentum stopped at a datasheet posted to a wall. The word "huh" curled his lip. He read the datasheet, "'Brick, if you're looking for Luzimoss, I have transferred that asset to your other lab. Signed, Upper Management.' Brick has another lab? How many labs do scientists have?"
"Mad ones usually rig two or three with death traps," Kamikaze said.
Chapter Thirteen: Half-Baked but Still Tasting Great
Power Plant approached the window of yet another building. With his bruised ankle prickling his leg, he'd checked five buildings already and found nothing but shadows overlaying other shadows. Shadows were annoying. How did ninjas lurk in them without tripping over stuff? Maybe being a ninja wasn't as glamorous as Halloween costumes had him believe, what with outfits that always rode up. But they did have those fierce swords.
A few feet behind Power Plant, Reef stopped. He put a finger to his ear and lowered the map module in his hand. "Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection. Harrier, wh—Kamikaze did what? Then pull his arm out. Of course, it'll grow back. It always does. Yeah, I wish it didn't, too, but it does."
Power Plant checked another window. Still more shadows. Searching made him dozy. Come on. He needed something to blast! He looked back at Burnout and Smithereens, who were examining other buildings along the road. Nothing looked like an entrance to anything important, though Reef's map module showed a number of fortified places nearby that Asinine would hide in. The map module only had the station's blueprints from before the Bad Guys had made this place home, so its information was outdated, though it was the most recent layout to which the Good Guys had access.
"Good Guys, freeze!" a bellowing voice broke through the street. "And you, off the gabber."
Power Plant searched for the speaker. A viewscreen had bulged out of a fourth-story window down the road. It stretched to the ground and reached for the roof. A surreal cackling rapid-fired down the street, and the viewscreen flashed to life. Schizophrenic's two heads filled the display, the left head looking as ugly as Power Plant remembered, though the right head presented stiff competition for the ugly award.
Lefty shook a fist, leaning closer, almost stabbing the viewscreen with his bobbing toothpick. He looked up as if examining what hung above the viewscreen. But he knew. A pair of machineguns, attached to a spherical, industrial-plastic turret, aimed down the street at the Good Guys.
Lefty cackled again. "Stand still so I can take your picture with these bullets. Say cheese." He snorted.
Righty waved. "Enjoy your stay." How? The Bad Guys never offered those little soaps to freshen Power Plant's breath or mints to wash with.
"Harrier, I'll have to call you back." Reef's gawping chin hung low. "No reason."
The gears of the machineguns snarled. From his remote location, Schizophrenic aimed using a handheld button console he lifted into view. His left hand thumbed a huge red button. The right hand still waved. The left hand uncovered the button, slapped Righty, then thumbed the button again.
In drum-roll steps, bullets marched down the street. The map module caught one in its screen, shattering in Reef's hand. Reef dropped the dead console.
Power Plant had to think or else he'd have a new set of buttons running up his impact suit. And his forehead. Fastening the ones he already had was difficult enough.
The firing paused. On the viewscreen, Schizophrenic picked up a powdered doughnut. Lefty took a bite, squirting jelly into his eye and onto the viewscreen itself. "Oh, crocking freak." He pounded the viewscreen, set the doughnut down, wiped his powdery hands on his pants, and scooped the jelly from his eye socket. He resumed fire.
"Buddy, duck!" Smithereens shoved Power Plant aside right before the bullets ripped through where he had stood. Good, because he liked the feet that had stood there.
"Name's Jeffy," Power Plant said, watching the volley of fire curve back.
"Whatever your name is, blast that wall down, eh!"
From his palms, Power Plant flashed a laser bolt. A building's wall burst backward, exploded in bricks that raged across the room. Smithereens grabbed Power Plant—speed contradicted his flab—he shoved Power Plant through the opening—dived in—gunfire paraded toward them. Another popcorn-crackling volley pecked the wall of their cover. Smithereens slammed his back against its remains.
Burnout screamed from across the street, "Jeff, I'm coming! Stay down!" Whoa. Stay down. His brother came up with the best strategies!
Lefty offered his opinion. "Don't listen, target practice. Run out in the open. I'll shoot you so full of bullets you'll return fire whenever you belch." Oh, man. Power Plant felt torn. Stay down or belch bullets?
Power Plant ducked behind a fragmenting section of wall that now smelled like burned chalk. Oh, a moolah tablet on the ground! He snatched it up. "Check dis out. No ones use a tablet ever since they go totally on 'lectronics moolahs like a sixty billion year ago." He peeked out through the gap in the wall, but a shot pulverized more bricks and startled him back down. "Hey, two-head guy!"
The rattling gunfire stopped, the last shot echoing down the street. "Yeah?" hollered Lefty.
"Founds a moolah tablet. Can I keeps it?"
Another second ticked by. "Yeah, sure. Just hurry up and die. I have a darts game with Plaster in about an hour and I got a bet riding on it." Snort. The rapid-fire torrent resumed.
Against the wall, Power Plant sat with a daffy smile. He pocketed the tablet. "I gonna stuffs this up Franchise nose when he asleep."
Chapter Fourteen: Identity Confusion
Lethargic, Legion awoke, his eyes gummy and his lips dried together. Opening his mouth took some work and a few mispronounced grunts.
An intense light panel burned straight into his eyes, but darkness around it cooled things down. A silhouette shifted beside the light panel, scraping feet along a dusty ground. Legion tried to lift a hand, but his arms were tied behind him. He budged and almost upended the chair to which he'd been bound.
He struggled against his bindings but gained nothing. He sat low, almost reclining, looking up at the silhouette before him. The chair...vinyl fabric. A deckchair? Who'd brought a deckchair onto Station One? This was the most comfortable Legion had ever been held captive.
"Hello?" he said to the silent silhouette. Only his echo responded. Was this Lowensland? This seemed like a new circus trick. If Lowensland would only put his head in a lion's mouth at feeding time, these experiences would be worthwhile.
"You've awakened," a familiar voice said. Not Lowensland's. "Shplendid." Yuck. That mushy s wasn't familiar. And it caused a rain patter to fountain across the light panel. Repulsive.
"What's happening?" Legion felt for a knot in the rope that bound him. Laser rope. That meant no knot, only a cord fused to itself. Whoever had tied him had done a good job. Almost military good.
"Aren't you going to ashk how I shnuck in?"
Legion shrugged. "Our new haunt control is still not up to snuff, so you slipped through the less-than-upstanding crack team of our offline security program and our Topsy and Turvy clerks equipped with a cup of soup."
The sound of disappointment. "Oh." The silhouette changed the subject. Another rain of spit trickled onto the floor. "What'sh with the Bad Guy logo on your uniform, by the way?"
Legion wanted to bury his head under a rock. "Never trust financial deals to a fan of blind judgment."
The silhouette approached, its body blocking the light panel. It stepped to the side, becoming more detailed, less silhouetted. Feet tapped on the wooden floor. Now the light revealed a chocolate brown cloak with a hood that folded over the figure's face. Legion had flashbacks of the cloaked nuts that had flooded the Firmatech Center last month when he'd taken part in a peace symposium that those suicidal cloaks had overtaken in a bid to destroy the galaxy. "Of all the things to wear, you chose the worst. And Lowensland once threatened to wear a Braille outfit. I still want to know how that would work." A hammer-hard fist buffeted Legion's face. The piston punch to his stomach felt worse. "Sensitive about your look. Got it."
"You don't recognizhe me. Jusht ash well. And I don't exhpect you to know why I'm here, but your failure to resholve a grave injushtishe hash made me forshe you into thish shituation."
"Where are we? This isn't my office."
"Heh. No, it ishn't. But thish room ish out of the way, affording me the opportunity to make ash much noish ash I wish."
The saliva squirt that rained from the cloak urged Legion to renew his struggle against the warm laser rope. "Look, if you want to talk, please refrain from using the letters s, c, and z. Oh, and x." He chuckled quietly. "Can't forget that subtle x."
The figure scowled quizzically. "You don't recognizhe me at all?"
"You're ringing a quiet bell." With his shoulder, Legion wiped the "recognizhe" spittle from his face. Apparently they had no deal on those unusable letters.
"I sherved at IP until, yearsh ago, I wash unfairly dishcharged. When MaxshShport became our shponshor, I and my shishterhood were kicked ashide like rotten trash."
Shishterhood? Oh, sisterhood. Right. That made sense. "Rotten move, I agree. But I didn't make it." Wait. Legion squinted to distinguish the figure rinsed with light. "I know you. You're"—recognition dawned, the bell tolled louder, and Legion gasped—"Ruthless."
"Yesh!" The figure yanked off the hood. Her eyes looked red, as if sleep was a luxury denied her for days. Cracked veins traveled along her irises, and her face crawled with worry creases. Bags hung under her eyes like dirty laundry. "Ruth Leberge. Ruthlessh, as you, Shopher, and Lowenshland ushed to shay."
"I'm sorry hiring women hasn't been my focus, but come on. Your attitude always stank. You used to lift Lowensland over your head. And throw him across the room. And dislocate his shoulder and tie his belt to his neck and..." Legion thought for a moment. "You were a witch. You think you had a chance here at a job?"
"I'm not here for me, only for my shishterhood."
"Good, because your new speech impediment feels a bit too wet for my tastes."
Ruthless shrugged. "Never kidnap somebody right after vishiting the dentisht."
"I'll note that next time I take hostages. Do me a favor. Go waaaaay over there and say, 'She sells seashells by the seashore.'" Okay, out of line.
"Hilarioush," Ruthless said, causing Legion to wince from spittle on his face. Hard to keep up. "I wash fired. I went home, no job proshpects. No one wantsh an ex-military girl. The yearsh pashed and I became"—she thrust a thumb at herself—"thish tired woman. MaxShport left me with no job, no shervice, a ridiculoush penshion. I couldn't shleep! All becaush of a military shponshor that thought a quick buck wash more important than equality." She whipped out a pistol and held it level to Legion's head. "You remember me. Now shee if you can remember your way out of thish!"
"To remember one's way out of a light-bullet is physically impossible because—Oh, I see. You were being clever. And now you're firing."
Chapter Fifteen: Shooting Spree
Hidden down this steel sidestreet, Reef scrambled at Burnout and clasped the fiery agent's belt before he could leap into Schizophrenic's gunfire.
Burnout wrestled Reef away. "My brother!" Twin bullet lines chopped his words, pecking brick and metal like the suit-and-tie-dressed chicken the Bad Guys used to unleash upon several upscale diners.
Reef grabbed him again, kept him from rushing into the gunfire. With his bandaged hand, he grappled Reef's face to stumble past. Reef's cheek sizzled on touch. He felt his cheek. First-degree burns?
"Let go of me. That two-headed freak is connecting the dots on my brother's stomach." Gunfire marred Burnout's words again.
"Dot number seven will be on your pelvis if you run out there. And, since the shooter in this little activity is a two-headed gorilla, dots number eight to eight million will poke holes in anything that moves. Such as that robot serving drinks." Reef gently lifted a martini off a tray atop a squat, tube-shaped robot on wheels. Screw Burnout's glower. Reef needed this drink. "Asinine may be an idiot, but he's a hospitable idiot."
Reef tipped into his lips some of the crisp nectar. Burnout slapped away the glass. Too bad. It was a Master Asinine collector's martini glass on which the Bad Guy leader looked especially deranged. Reef at least saved the two drenched olives speared on a toothpick. He downed those, tasting the dry martini. He almost choked on the toothpick.
"Pull your head out of that drink. My brother needs me." Burnout shoved Reef away.
Reef spilled into a box of foam popcorn. He struggled to remove himself, but his right hand squished into another box, which contained something gooey and sugary. He didn't want to know what hid inside the box, but he suspected it was some strange ammunition. From now on, he'd remember to bring his painting clothes to battle
Reef jumbled to his feet. "Your brother has Smithereens and his security teddy bear to protect him."
A speaker-enhanced voice spewed from around the corner. "Did I just shoot a teddy bear? What brainless skin-flint brings a freaking teddy bear to a gunfight?" As an afterthought, he said, "Aside from Asinine, I mean."
"So Mr. Snuggles is no longer with us, but Smithereens, Power Plant, and that serving robot are." Reef fluttered his hand at the robot that wheeled away with rhythmic clanks. A bullet clipped the stem of a martini glass on the robot's tray. Reef winced. "And we can help them right now only by shoving that double-barreled gun down Schizophrenic's two throats."
From behind the ruined building, Power Plant forced a hoarse shout. "Hey, if you drops another brick on my head, I beatenating ya till all ya hurts haves lil' baby hurts!"
Schizophrenic carved another line across Power Plant's cover. Burnout whimpered. That cover disintegrated in one last torrent. Burnout reached out to his brother, who remained pinned under ammunition. His horror boiled to seething, destructive anger. His bones locked together. His veins ignited like lit gas lines.
"That's it." Burnout jumped out from cover, now exposed to Schizophrenic's gunsights. He curled his fingers—
The machinegun turret burst! Flame erupted from a pyre, roared into the air, hurled shrapnel like magma. The turret collapsed with a scream of twisted metal. A gun barrel bounced down the street and rolled to a stop at Burnout's feet.
Power Plant peeked up at the wreckage. His gaze lingered for a second before he said, "Mark, my birthdays is coming in less than a year. I gots a requests for the candles on my cake: Roman."
* * *
"Blasted puppy vomit! Those do-gooding, no-good"—Schizophrenic squeezed his fingers around the machinegun remote and tried to fold it in two—"stupendously idiotic, twisted waste"—he threw the remote away—"canker sores in the mouth of intelligence"—he tore the fabric of his chair's arm and yanked out clouds of stuffing—"armpit-licking—"
"My turn." Righty laughed. "Those pooper snouts!"
Lefty roared and slammed his temple into Righty. "Shut up."
In the new Bad Guy Wreck Room—that Good Guy starship had trashed the old one in October during a station invasion—Schizophrenic sat amid an end table, a few l-chairs, and the activated terminal he had used to fire cupcake bullets. A moment ago, he had been happily shooting anything that moved and tons of other stuff for spite. Now the terminal showed only billowing smoke that rose from his machinegun turret. He slammed a fist into his padded armchair. Property damage made him so livid! And who put a padded armchair at a weapon terminal? Oh, but he could guess.
"Incoming connection from entity Master Asinine," Lefty's gabber said. Crock. If Lefty had to talk to Asinine after every shooting spree, killing spree, or shopping spree, he'd smash that idiot with a sledgehammer fist. "Incoming—"
"Shut the piss up. Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection."
"Howdy-ho-ho," Asinine said.
"What do you want, know-it-not-at-all? I was content until these flabbergasters destroyed my favorite remote control killing machine. Now I have to find them on my second-favorite remote control killing machine. I was in my happy place."
"Please tell me you used the cupcake bullets. They're going stale."
"You ate them as fast as you made them."
"And I helped," Righty said. Lefty wrestled him away, but both floundered onto the arm of the chair amid ear-chafing squeaks of leather.
"Isn't it past your bedtime, Asinine? Can't Spewtenant IQ Nothing check your closet for monsters?" Lefty snorted. Why must the cosmos birth such judgment-lacking lackeys?
"No, no. The motion detectors pick up any strange closet monstrosities now. I'm calling because some Good Guys have broken into Brick's lab. I need you to check it out. They could find my recipe for chickpea-flavored chickpeas."
"Go crockety-crock-crock all over someone else's day. I'm on my leisure time."
"Oh, come on. Be a team player."
"You even know what a team player is? A team player is the idiot who lets me shoot stuff as soon as I find another terminal."
"Think of the corporate-oriented mottos. They'll inspire you."
"You want an inspirational motto? How's this for one? 'Stop being a mangle-faced lickspittle.' Bosshole."
"Huh. That doesn't inspire me at all. Anyway, head over to Brick's lab. Those Good Guys are up to something. Wish they weren't. That'd save us a lot of cupcakes."
"Connection terminated by other user," the gabber said with a click.
Crock, Asinine was an idiot. Lefty pounded his forehead against the terminal's control panel. He hoped the aiming stick would spear through his eye. Righty copied the pounding but must have found it fun because he whooped with every smack.
* * *
Asinine hunted alone. Plaster had left him. Apparently that goon had better ways to spend his time. He'd muttered something about alphabetizing his toes, but Asinine knew a line when he heard one. After all, the only order toes came in was size.
He checked his watch. Lieutenant IQ 23 had, as of five minutes ago, tracked one group of Good Guys to the Flatulous Sector and gabbered Asinine their position. They had bumbled their way westward for reasons Asinine didn't know. But he intended to find out. If asking them politely wouldn't work—"pretty please" was never polite enough for them—he'd use animal calls. Perhaps the bray of a giraffe or the bark of a rabbit would convey the message: "You'll come for the tea, but you'll stay for the conversation."
The twin machineguns that had ruined Asinine's street had been destroyed, its fizzling corpse tilting over a curb. The cost of repairing this street should come out of Schizophrenic's allowance, except he received no allowance. Okay, it would come out of Asinine's allowance. That would show Schizophrenic who was boss. Who was boss, anyway?
Asinine neared a corner, his clown shoes honking with each step. He spotted the Good Guys ahead! He'd had Brick cook up a little surprise weapon for situations such as this: his water-squirting flower. His fake vomit was a backup. Then again, those weapons weren't much use to him back at the tower, forgotten.
He pressed against a wall and peeked. Smithereens and Power Plant, with vinegar-smelling healing putty over his forehead, climbed over the rubble of a ruined building.
Power Plant tripped on a loose rock and careened into the street. A distraction! Asinine rushed forward—honk, honk, honk—his pistol held high. He stopped at a distance—honk—and fired a warning shot that resonated through the quiet block. He hated warning shots. They wasted ammo. But contact shots were sometimes worse because the station's custodianbot always carped about mopping up blood.
"Don't move," Asinine said. "Stumbling over debris counts as moving."
Hands clasped Asinine's temples. Angry heat sizzled his sideburns. "No. Don't you move," someone said behind him. Okay, okay, he'd stay motionless. Last time his hair lit on fire, he had lost his fiber-optic dreadlocks.
Asinine glanced at his captor. Fiery, Angry, Red Guy. "Sidelined. No fair. That's not in the contract my lawyers sent to Legion's office."
"No one signed any contract." Reef joined Fiery, Angry, Red Guy.
"I signs it." Power Plant raised his hand. "I signs it as Lucha Gracias."
"Someone will spot us if we stay in the open. We need to hide, regroup." Reef grabbed Asinine's collar and twisted it in his fists. "Got anywhere in mind?"
"Easy on the costume. I just had it pressed."
Reef slapped Asinine across the face. "I'll ask you again. We need to hide."
"That wasn't a question. Was it?" Asinine's mind stepped back. His brain parsed the sentence, his lips twitching. "No, it wasn't." And Mechanism said he couldn't think through anything.
Asinine assessed his situation. Four Good Guys. They acted serious, all but Power Plant, who, upon hearing they needed to hide, probably wanted to count to ten before seeking. Asinine liked his thinking.
Reef thrust his face closer. "Where can we hide?"
"Your place." Asinine blinked away Reef's alcohol breath.
"Within walking distance." Reef dug two fingers into Asinine's nostrils and pulled him forward.
"Ow, ow, ow, ow, stings, ow, very ow." Asinine knew only one place to stow these Good Guys, only one place to turn the tide, the one place he wanted no Good Guy to know about, though he had no choice.
Station Zilcho's central control chamber.
"I know somewhere, but we have to cross a moat. Don't worry. The dragon's a reasonable fellow if you say hello. Ow."
Chapter Sixteen: Birthday Threats
"Hey, mashed potato," Lefty said. Schizophrenic strolled down the yellow hallway leading to Brick's lab. The mashed potato in question was Multipurpose, the bag of meat Asinine wedged into whatever mission he saw fit. Lefty had to hand it to their leader, though: wedging Multipurpose into anything was downright impossible.
Multipurpose had been sent to scout the eastward direction. Asinine would have sent Mechanism and Ice Cream Headache, too, but they had both disappeared. Alone, this gastrointestinal nightmare had obviously decided to investigate by shambling ten feet without pulling a muscle. What a test of fate. His uneven gait said he'd failed the test. At least he'd made it to the weathered lab door.
"Mashed potato?" Multipurpose challenged the statement by reaching under his burbling waistline and unsheathing a sai. If the sai needed oxygen, it would have long ago suffocated. "Remember you're talking to a crocking class-one martial artist." He attempted a high kick to prove his statement. Instead, he grunted and bowled backward into a wall. What Lefty wouldn't give to watch Multipurpose run. He'd probably make it two yards. Three would be a dream come true.
"Class-one martial artist? Has your brain vomited out a lobe, ninjackass?" Schizophrenic reached Multipurpose and the lab's door. Lefty snorted. "You spot those Good Guys around here? Asinine pulled me off shooting duty so I could find those reasonless voids. Now I have nothing better to do than watch your wide load waddle around after you gorge on another box of cheese singles, wrappers included."
Multipurpose pulled himself off the wall with a slurp of sweat. He caressed his sai with a finger. "I haven't seen hide or hair of them."
"Maybe they ducked under your waistline."
Multipurpose sheathed his sai and squeezed his girth. It oozed in his hands. "This isn't fat. It's crocking ninja pillow."
Lefty ignored the pillow comment. Too easy. He jerked his chin at Brick's lab. "Asinine said they slipped in there, so—aw piss, I forgot my jelly doughnut at the gunnery controls." He looked Multipurpose over. "And yet here's one now."
Schizophrenic's six-foot-eight, bodybuilder frame stepped past Multipurpose, steering clear to not touch the walking stress ball. He wondered when the stress ball had last seen hide or hair of his belt. The lab's door didn't automatically disappear. Strange. Lefty said, "Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door."
"Closest door is locked from the inside. Access refused."
Huh? Access refused? No one refused Schizophrenic access. Schizophrenic kicked the door, which declined his entry with a dong. Maybe he could break it down, but it was as thick as Asinine's skull. Multipurpose tried to kick it, but his leg only made it up halfway before Lefty heard something tear.
"Trying a kick. Don't you have lofty goals."
* * *
"Access attempted by entity Schizophrenic." The haunt control's bloody report echoed into the back of the rummage sale–like laboratory, past the brains that floated in jars of formaldehyde and the nunchakus dynamite.
Oh, blimey. As if Harrier hadn't had enough of a bad day, he didn't need Schizophrenic making things more pear shaped. The door throbbed with a second kick. Schizophrenic's assault was pounding a headache into him.
Schizophrenic smacked the door. "Underachieving stunt doubles, if you don't let us in, I'll take your arms, thread them through your spinal nodes, knot them together in a bow tie— I'm on a roll, so give me a minute—crack all your fingers off, feed them to you through your noses, gouge out your eyes, and juggle them. Sound artsy enough?" He hammered on the door again. A metallic thwack followed.
"And if we let you in?" Harrier took his weight off his braced knee.
Schizophrenic stopped pounding as if contemplating. "Well, nothing changes. I might not gouge out your eyes. That was a perk."
Gouging out eyes was a perk? What was a fringe benefit, yanking out teeth?
"I might yank out a tooth as a fringe benefit." Nice coincidence.
"And I'll overfeed you brownies." Righty burst into laughter. "You'll get sooooo fat."
Reef was the ranking agent, but Harrier should have taken bloody control of this mission. Unease pitted inside his stomach like a rotten peach. No. Regret would only cloud his thinking. He had to leave emotion out of the mission.
He drew his pistol. Kamikaze drew his too, holding it in the hand he hadn't earlier severed. He took cover behind a plate-sized archery target mounted on a stick, but he removed the target and strapped it around his chest.
Schizophrenic's pounding intensified until the door's corner bent blooming inward. "That's it. I'm going to reach down your throat and use your stomach as a grip trainer."
"Guys, I swear it's not my birthday, but thank you." With misted eyes, Kamikaze squeezed his remaining arm around Harrier. "Thank you so very much."
Chapter Seventeen: Madhouse Arrest
"Sit down." Reef shoved Master Asinine into an l-chair. He and Asinine had climbed through a cramped entry hatch into this room, what Asinine called Station Zilcho's "central control chamber." Due probably to data corruption, the elevator airfoil no longer serviced this floor. Lazy airfoil.
Atop the fourteen-story control tower, the central control chamber offered vantage through a panorama of windows. An excellent place to hide in. Now if only they could find Luzimoss before the Bad Guys used him.
Power Plant, Burnout, and Smithereens entered while Reef rushed to the windows to survey the street. Deserted. No one had spotted them. No one had followed. Good.
Power Plant opened a small panel on the computer bank. It squeaked on its hinges. "Dis thing make pizza bagels?"
Asinine pursed his lips. "No. It only makes liver and onions."
Power Plant scrunched his face. "Blech."
Now for protection. Reef aimed his pistol at Asinine. "Put up a force field around this place. I don't like advertising our whereabouts, but we'll need that protection if your goons are wandering around."
Asinine crossed his eyes at the pistol. "If you change your mind about advertising your whereabouts, I have a few low-cost options: neon signs, commercial campaigns—"
Power Plant forgot the panel. It clattered closed when he leaped up onto his bandaged ankle. Was it even bruised anymore? "Do we's gets to choose a mascots?"
"Jeff, last time you were in charge of sponsorship, we got Bad Guy logos all over our stuff." Reef swatted Power Plant away. "So no mascots and no commercial campaigns. Especially not ones Asinine spearheaded. Have you watched his Bad Guy commercials? 'Because We're Investment Delicious'? They're worse than your 'Elect Power Plant President of Stuff' ads, which people might have understood if you'd remembered the p in president. Now, Asinine, put up the force field." He pressed a hand on Asinine's shoulder and dug a finger in.
"But it feels staticky. I wouldn't touch that force field with a ten-foot pole. Lieutenant, fetch me an eleven-foot pole." Asinine searched around before understanding dawned. "Oh. Right. Lieutenant isn't here."
"Put up that force field, or I'll..." Reef mentally reviewed all the threats Legion had, over the months, given Asinine. Coming up with new threats was hard. "Call your mother. Ground you for life. Set fire to your tire collection. What haven't we used on you yet?"
"Threaten to smash my electronics."
"Put up the force field, or I'll smash all your electronics!"
Asinine gasped. "Not my VideoChip Reader." He spilled out of the chair and fell at Reef's feet, shoes honking. "That thing can be repaired by no man or beast. Good golly, miss Molly, what depraved mind would devise such a vile punishment?"
"You did." What an imbecile. "Just now."
"I'll...I'll put it up." Asinine wiped his teary eyes, smearing his mime makeup. "Control, acknowledge. Activate force field." The haunt control obeyed with a buzz.
"And makes me a white meats sammich, but take alls the white meats out and substitutes it for red meats," Power Plant said.
Reef shoved Asinine back into the chair and settled a foot between his legs. He loved using pain as a threat. "Do you realize your madcap scheme will blow up in everybody faces, including yours? Luzimoss outputs too much energy to handle. So tell me where you hid him."
Asinine twitched nervously. But his eyes dried, his shaking stopped, and he shifted his weight. "I won't tell you. We're using him to reposition Station Zilcho where you'll never find it. Except you're on it. Also, he'll awesome the bojangos out of this place. Maybe even a few satellites if we feel spunky."
"You want Luzimoss to power your space station?"
"And our laundry machines. Those things eat power like it's electricity."
Reef grabbed Asinine's collar and pulled back a fist. Smithereens grappled with his arm, but Reef thrust forward, hoisting Smithereens with him. The punch swung wide.
Smithereens yanked his arm free. "Buddy, there's no need to beat him senseless."
Reef threw his arms up. "Come on. He must have given us a dozen reasons by now."
"Only four." Asinine held up three fingers. "First, the commercial campai—"
"Four is enough." Reef forced himself away and stomped toward a window. His mouth felt dry. He yearned for a treat, but everyone was watching.
He stared out at the street that was now tinged with the force field's faint aqua tint. Buildings blocked the distant horizon, towering over a hastily repaired broadcast antenna, a whirring power core, and a billboard that proclaimed the usefulness of billboards: "If what you need to say fits on a billboard, you're not cramming it down everybody's throats enough."
Reef stepped away from the window. "Asinine, I realize my family alienating me is my fault. But your idiotic scheme of forming the Bad Guys has cost me my only chance at correcting that fault when I got placed with the Good Guys. Make no mistake, I will throw you out that window if I have to. So I give you one last chance to see reason."
Asinine chortled. "Good luck. I'm beyond reason."
"I'm not sure if Luzimoss came willingly or if you kidnapped him. Either way, he emits about thirty times the brain energy of a psychic. He's much too dangerous to use."
"More dangerous than my holiday urinal cakes?"
"Yes, but much less sickening."
"Good Guys!" a gruff voice with a Bronx accent bellowed from the street. "I'm gonna twist your arms off if you don't let me inta that room!" About as enticing as any exchange with Schizophrenic.
Reef hurried to the window. Oh, great. The Bad Guys' ugly melting man, Plaster, and their gray-skinned monster, Appetite, stood at the foot of the tower. With the body of a muscleman, the head of a gargoyle, a hunger bordering on almighty, and gargantuan fangs, Appetite looked mean. Never mind the four-foot wings folded against its back. Weird that it had no rectum, because Power Plant always said he wanted to kick it.
Power Plant joined Reef at the window. "Hey, that meltings Bad Guy be on the grounds. And he bringed his puppy."
"That's not a puppy, Jeff." Burnout guided his brother away from the window by the shoulders. "That's a...a...Look, it's just not a puppy."
Reef hadn't expected the force field to so quickly give away their position. "Asinine, activate your public address system. My voice only."
Asinine creased his brow. "Control, acknowledge. Activate scream-speaker. Broadcast this guy over here's voice only."
"Scream-speaker activated. Go hoarse."
"Plaster." Reef watched Plaster peer up at them. "We can't let you in."
Asinine leaned forward. "Not even by the hair of his chinny-chin-chin?"
"And we'll shoot Asinine if you attempt anything."
Silence. Then a grunt. Plaster shrugged. "Deal. I just want my stuff back."
"It's a bluff. Don't give it back." Asinine huffed. "Wait, he's on my team. He's not bluffing. He means it. Did he even make a threat?"
Power Plant's face erupted in excitement. "Want I should serves him up a smack-an'-light show?" He jumped onto the computer bank, landed on his bandaged ankle, and positioned himself to burst through the window. Had he forgotten the force field surrounding the tower, or had he been spending too much time with Kamikaze?
"This situation calls for more delicacy than a smack-and-light show." Reef rubbed his burned cheek. "You'd only encourage Plaster to throw boulders." Something thundered against the tower. Everyone snapped back when a boulder slammed off the force field and burst into chunks. "You still can't go out there."
Chapter Eighteen: Thermometers and Freight Trains
Harrier backed away from the bloody door. He must remain on top of this situation. If he panicked, everything was down the pisser. "Control, acknowledge. Are there any blooming exits from this lab?"
"Only one. You're staring at it, genius."
"Do-gooders, you're making me miss my toothpick time." Schizophrenic's voice grated Harrier's ears and sent cold shivers through his wings. "And if I don't get my toothpicks, I whittle them out of the bones of whoever's around. Multipurpose's bones are breaded jerky, so that leaves you." Lefty chugged a series of snorts like a hungry pig.
Harrier fought to repress the whirligig turmoil of his daftie thoughts spraying around his head: hide-shoot-run-panic. To maintain composure, he scanned the lab for something useful. He found only strewn scientific equipment with datasheets reading "Bang comes from this hole" above the image of a crayon-drawn stick figure of Asinine missing the broadside of a barn.
His pistol seemed inadequate when pitted against Schizophrenic's combat skills. But the room presented no better weapons except the bazooka that simultaneously shot forward, backward, and sideways. Or perhaps the ray gun that transformed its target into a mannequin. Or the one that took your rectal temperature before you aimed.
Schizophrenic kicked the door, further bashing in the bent corner. The door itself was jarring loose, rattling on a buggered frame. "Sissy juice, let me in!"
Momentum zipped around, but he paused to search for something to help them escape. Not counting the brain vacuum that Kamikaze had tried and broken, he found nothing. His blur stopped in front of Harrier and resolved into a humanoid shape. "Harrier, we need to head to Brick's other lab. If we're caught by that two-headed maniac—"
"I heard that," Lefty said. "Flattery won't keep me from beating you to compost."
"—our mission fails, and the universe will be subject to the most dangerous energy leak this side of Smithereens's closet."
With his hand lifted, Kamikaze hurried forward. "I have an idea, and it doesn't involve jumping into oncoming traffic like last time. Sort of." In his eagerness, he slammed into a table corner and flipped over it. His pilot's helmet fell off. He retrieved it.
With no formidable weapons, Harrier saw no blooming escape except through Schizophrenic. He eyed the ray gun with the rectal thermometer. "Kamikaze, when did you last have your rectal temperature taken?"
"Thirty seconds ago. I found it, too."
* * *
Schizophrenic slapped a palm on the door. If Asinine insisted on using him as chief of security, that genetic blister better give him enough access to unlock any door on Station Zilcho.
Multipurpose, the fat white blot in this yellow hallway, sputtered a laugh behind him. The laugh made the "ninja" wince from stretching his jaw bone. He massaged his cheek. "Can't get in the crocking lab? Incompetence runs through both your heads."
Schizophrenic shoved the breathing pizza pocket away with a squish. After he realized who he'd touched, he recoiled and wiped his hand on the wall. "At least I can swing my arm without ripping my muscle to shreds." He snorted.
"Outta the way, crock." Multipurpose swept Schizophrenic aside, the most he'd swept since finishing off a snack tray. Schizophrenic happily stepped back. If this overfilled gravy boat were considering something, Schizophrenic wanted clear of the danger radius.
"Don't back up," Lefty said. "I hate the sound of beeping."
"Shut up." Multipurpose webbed his fingers and stretched them out. He reached around his back. That familiar rubbery sound chafed Schizophrenic's ears. The fatty managed to retract his arm with a staff in his sausage fingers. Astonishing that he'd retrieved anything from back there.
Lefty wanted to bite his tongue off just to end the nagging pain. "Crock the crock. Would you screw this up faster, mansquatch? I want to kill some do-gooders."
"Same here. I like meeting new people." Righty smiled so hard he squinted.
Multipurpose wedged his staff into the door's bent corner. He propped the other end against his waistline and squeezed together his rolls of fat.
"Are you lubing up the staff with your sweat, you pierogi?" Lefty asked.
"Shut your crock. This staff is made with ninja wood, strongest material ever. I'm prying the door open."
Lefty rolled his eyes at Multipurpose, who stretched out his hand, bit his lower lip, and attempted a knee bend. Instead of the bend, the living spectacle tore his shorts and blundered into a wall. His staff snapped in two. He leaped up—"Crock, crock, crocking crock!"—charged the door, and pounded it with a fist. And again. He panted from the exerted energy, but he drove another fist into the door. The wadded Tourette's sufferer collapsed against the wall, his pounding reduced to exhausted taps.
"Is it tradition in your species to pull a muscle whenever you move?" Lefty eyed Multipurpose. "Are you finished?"
Multipurpose opened an eye. His lips quivered, but he caught his breath. "Not in the"—pant, pant—"crocking slightest." He stood erect, his knees creaking. He studied the door, checked the hall to the left, to the right, returned to the door. He scratched his head, which sounded like a lawnmower. "Yeah, I'm finished."
* * *
"Have they given up?" Crouched, Harrier peered through the door's bent corner. Through the opening, he glimpsed a pasty white leg shuffle away, then a pair of gigantic boots that knocked against the floor, boots only Schizophrenic's mammoth feet could fill. "They're sodding off."
The footsteps pattered away, an angry voice booming, "You can't even slog down the hall without tearing a ligament, you couch cushion."
The Bad Guys had left. Harrier had maintained control. He had not surrendered to emotion. Excellent. Kamikaze looked ready to cry: nothing had eaten off his head, though he'd gotten his wish of slicing his face open with glass after head-butting that beaker.
Harrier listened at the door. Silence. Not even blooming air blew down the hall. His wings trembled as though a breeze sifted through them. Kamikaze rushed into him, perhaps to poke his eye out on the bony hinge of one of those wings.
"Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door."
"Closest door unlocked. By the way, you could use some of Mandelbaum's skin lotion, less than ten moolahs until the end of the month. Your skin looks flaky." Mandelbaum advertised with criminal empires?
The door vanished with a descending bloop. Harrier stuck his head out. Nothi—
A gun barrel clicked at his temple. Schizophrenic's meaty left head smiled while the right one tried lazily to awaken from sleep, the wanker. Multipurpose hunched beside him, swallowing what looked like a muscle relaxant. They'd circled back around the side hallway!
"Try locking that door now," Lefty said.
Kamikaze rushed forward. "Let me get in the way before it materializes!"
Chapter Nineteen: Food Fight
Reef leaped off the steely control chamber's computer bank. Asinine had told him to move because that computer bank controlled everything on Station Zilcho, including its security functions. Reef didn't want to kill anyone just because he stretched.
Harrier hadn't answered his gabber at all over the last few minutes. Neither had Momentum. Reef considered contacting Kamikaze, but Kamikaze had probably shoved his into an eye socket.
Meanwhile, Power Plant and Plaster kept bartering through the window over which of the Bad Guy's belongings to release. Plaster was so far getting back anything in the tower he could use to kill them, and Power Plant was receiving a mountain of bacon. Implements of death for artery-clogging fat: an even trade. How fresh the bacon was didn't matter to Power Plant, as long as he received seven tons of it. When asked how he wanted it cooked, he said, "Huh?"
"Okay, you gimme back my warp pistol, my cryogenic harpoon launcher, an' my water floaties, an' I'll getcha an extra thundermammal intestine," Plaster bellowed.
"Your body can't metabolize that much red meat," Burnout said. "It makes you aggressive."
Power Plant ignored him. "Two intestines ands a huge pig heads on a stake, and ya's got a deals!" He smiled at his brother. "Pig heads on a stake. I's be Lord o' the Fleas."
Burnout took Power Plant by the shoulders and guided him away from the window. "Giving our enemies things to shoot back at us is not a good idea. And that much bacon will kill you after you kill everyone else."
"So'd cancer, but ya don't sees me askings for that."
Reef stepped forward and booted Asinine's chair. They had bound him to it using an old roll of duct tape they'd found collecting dust in a cabinet. Reef considered using it on Power Plant's mouth, but Burnout would have singed off his feet.
Reef yanked on Asinine's ear. "Tell us where you hid Luzimoss, or so help me, I will disengage this force field and drop you out the window."
"Then so help you. Plaster can catch me. When he joined our softball team, I gave him a glove. By the way, next Tuesday we're playing you guys."
"We don't have a softball team, Plaster is fourteen stories down, and I think he'd rather catch hepatitis A." Reef flung his fist into the computer bank, producing a clatter.
"Just lets my big brother at him." Power Plant slapped Burnout's back. "He so smarts, he pass his drivings test. He good at makin' peoples talk. And makin' thems running arounds on fire."
Reef wanted to pry Asinine's nostrils open, but by now they'd probably lost feeling. "Where—are—you—keeping—Luzimoss?"
"Buddy, eh." Forehead against a window, Smithereens peered down at the ground. His mustache tickled the window. Reef ignored him, but he persisted. "Buddy. Eh."
"Not now."
"But buddy?"
"Smith, I've got an idea about Asinine's nostrils. Find some pliers."
"In the cabinet with the duct tape." Hands bound back, Asinine pointed with his head.
"Buddy, you oughta come over here, eh. Now, eh."
Reef swung away from Asinine. "What is so important? I was about to widen Asinine's orifices." He stomped over to Smithereens. "Just let Power Plant have his bacon, and we'll strap him to the starship's hull on the way home."
"Hold on. We'll do what?" Burnout asked.
Reef peered out the window down at Plaster. Oh, no. The cannon Scapegoat and Lieutenant IQ 23 were hauling out made his head drop against the window. The green cannonballs Braindead dragged out on a hoversled made Reef slacken more.
"Asinine, can this force field withstand cannonballs?"
"Depends. Are they using the Doberman cannon or the living-room cannon?"
Reef reeled around. "How can you tell?"
"Duh. Look at the diagram on the side. Control, acknowledge. Magnify outside activity by lots of times. Focus on super-death cannon."
The window nearest to Reef zoomed into the action Plaster and the others presented. The cannon indeed bore a diagram laser-painted on its side, which Reef tried to discern. "I think this one fires watermelons. Does that make any more sense than one that fires living rooms?"
"Ah, the watermelon cannon, the most feared food launcher in the known universe. Heh. This force field is going down in about the time it takes you to wet your pants. But don't. That's gross." Asinine smiled, his teeth peeking out. "I remember flinging food around during the Starvation War of 9097. Low on missiles, you see. Sauerkraut, pineapples, other dairy products. When we got ambushed, I blew rosemary into some guy's face. He was red-eyed for a week during my near-death torture. Hah. Got the best of him."
"Flinging food during the Starvation War? Did you have any clue why you fought in that?"
"We didn't know what we were doing, and we didn't want to know."
Those Bad Guys would storm this tower as soon as the force field deactivated. And Harrier still wasn't answering his gabber. The universe's only protection from a collective brain melt was now Reef and his team.
"Hey, cans I haves dis jacket? Looking stylish." Having donned a silver bomb-jacket he had found on a coat rack, Power Plant turned his arms over and inspected the sleeves. The jacket carried the scent of musty plastic. He checked its inside flaps. "Hey, even's gots dynamites for a lining."
* * *
"About time you chumps arrived. My harpoon's up there. I need it for my darts game, or I'm out a hundred moolahs. I'll show Schizo who can impale a bull's-eye." Plaster watched Braindead pull along that freakin' hoversled of watermelons, each melon with a slogan printed on the side what said, "Now even more bladder bursting."
"I'm here only to force them to release our leader." Lieutenant IQ 23 folded his arms.
"You would be, ya toady." Plaster patted a mushy watermelon, feelin' a squashy bounce to the rind. "Finally gettin' rid o' these things. They were startin' to attract fruit flies." He thrust a chin at Scapegoat, who sat on the hoversled with a finger up his favorite hole, diggin' for green. "Still don't help the vermin situation."
Braindead parked the hoversled by the cannon. Plaster tested another watermelon. Good. Solid. Now he could retrieve his belongin's without havin' to bargain wit' Power Plant. He used to think Power Plant was diabolical. From barterin' with the twerp, he'd realized how wrong that assumption was. His fear of the young idiot—and any o' those other Good Guys—was misplaced.
Braindead clicked a lever in place to set the hoversled's parkin' brake. He and Lieutenant IQ 23 began pluggin' watermelons into the cannon's feed hole. Plaster wanted a few of them in his own feed hole, but they'd been festerin' in the pantry for eons. Not much use for them except to drop from rooftops onto Weaklin's head. Lieutenant IQ 23 stumbled and face-planted with a splurt into an especially softened melon. Plaster snickered. Okay, use number two.
Braindead loaded the last o' the three melons. A triple shot, just like how Plaster greeted the tax man. "Everybody ready?"
"What exactly is this plan?" Lieutenant IQ 23 asked. Oh, boy. He knew how to freakin' bug Plaster. Plaster wanted to swat this bug. Lieutenant IQ 23's conversation skills shoulda landed him in the cannon at yesterday's fireworks display. And Braindead? Forget that hack's conversation. He spoke as often as Multipurpose changed underwear. That was right: never.
"We toss them melons inta that tower until they toss my harpoon gun inta you. End o' plan." He wrinkled his nose. "Crock, these things reek like nail polish remover. Somethin' musta gone bad."
"How will this force them to give up our leader?" Lieutenant IQ 23 blocked the cannon's hole with his hands.
Leave it to Asinine to hang out with the clingy type. "He might get a watermelon in the head. I'm only wantin' my harpoon. Course, Weaklin's got a few new torture devices he's been aimin' to use, so if he survives an' you breathe a word o' my priorities to him, I ain't helpin' you carry the groceries in anymore."
"I can't let that happen." Lieutenant IQ 23 whipped out his pistol. Plaster followed suit, though his pistol came outta a pouch o' hardened ooze he'd been carvin' for a week. A flick of his melted skin squirted into IQ 23's eye. Lieutenant IQ 23 wiped the skin away. "You will not endanger our leader."
"Ya'd better point that gun elsewhere," Plaster said. "Like at yer own gut."
Their pistols facin' each other, Plaster and IQ 23 sidestepped, sidestepped again. Their boots scraped the pavement. They continued in a semicircle until Plaster reached the cannon and brought a finger to its trigger. Lieutenant IQ 23's aim snapped at the hand, so Plaster pulled away.
"You'll bombard our leader over my dead body," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"Deal. Braindead, launch them melons." He cocked his head at Braindead, who stood at the launch button.
Braindead reached for the cannon.
Lieutenant IQ 23 said, "Don't launch the watermelons."
Braindead retracted his hand. He held a fanatical loyalty to IQ 23, so the only way to make that reptilian mute listen was to confuse him. "Braindead, your buddy here is kiddin' 'cause he don't know what's good for him. Launch them melons. If I lose my darts game, I'm out a hundred moolahs, an' Schizo gets ta use me as a speed bag. He's got knuckle implants. I need that harpoon. So ask yourself if Weaklin's life is really worth a hundred moolahs. More important, my hundred moolahs."
"Braindead, stop!" Lieutenant IQ 23 clicked his pistol at Plaster.
Plaster sneered at IQ 23. "Bootlicker, if ya keep contradictin' me, you'll give your bosom buddy an aneurism. Braindead, he's still kiddin', so press the freakin' button." Plaster spat a stream of leakin' skin onto a street curb.
Lieutenant IQ 23 checked Braindead. Plaster took this opportunity to snatch the kowtower's pistol away and smack his jaw. The kowtower crumpled.
A crooked smile crossed Plaster's lips. He pointed both pistols forward. "Braindead, launch that cannon." He kept track of Lieutenant IQ 23, who clutched his mouth. But nothin' launched. Plaster risked a glance at the bootlicker's bootlicker. "Braindead?"
Braindead lay across the curb, breathin' slowly. Plaster nudged him with a foot. "Hey, wake up." He prodded Braindead's head up with that same foot, uncoverin' blood that oozed from the Virillian's ear. Too much thinkin'. Plaster dropped the head, which cracked on the curb.
"Looks like your pal couldn't take an order that ain't from you or Weaklin'." Plaster slammed IQ 23's hip with his boot, shovin' him against a meter maid. "You press the button."
Lieutenant IQ 23 wore an angry, bloody moue. He lifted himself off the meter maid—thrust a dirk at Plaster. Plaster sidestepped, slammed a hand over IQ 23's forearm with a thud, and twisted the dirk from his grasp. Lieutenant IQ 23 yelped and clutched his wrist.
"Ain't much good in a fight, are ya?" Plaster asked. "You any good at pressin' a crockin' button?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 wrung the ache from his arm. He flared his nostrils and pushed out a breath. "If you plan to sacrifice our leader, you do it yourself."
"Man, you ain't much good at anythin'." Plaster slammed one o' the pistols into Scapegoat's chest, shovin' Scapegoat against a blank signpost. "Here, ya walkin' word blender. He tries anythin', shoot him. Unnerstand?"
"Shoot understand me him, yes—"
"Stop talkin'. Better yet, stop breathin'." Plaster squished the other pistol into his spongy pocket and shoved IQ 23 aside.
Appetite, who'd been lurkin' on the sidelines, grabbed a watermelon with its colossal paw, releasin' more o' that noxious smell and rippin' off a piece o' the sled. Plaster tried to shove him back. "Appetite, we need them melons. Go eat a cinderblock." Appetite mindlessly fed anyway.
Plaster reached for the button...but a hand yanked him back and a blade covered his throat. "Stay away from that button," Lieutenant IQ 23 said, grindin' a heel into Plaster's patience. Things with this guy were never easy.
"Scapegoat, I was kiddin'. Take a breath."
* * *
Things had gotten quiet. Reef checked the street again. What were those goons fighting about? He shook his head. What else should he expect from the two dimmest bulbs in the Bad Guy Boxing Day tree?
"Why aren't they launching the watermelons?" Asinine asked. "I'm hungry and thirsty at the same time."
"Your Virillian is clutching his head." Reef shrugged. He hadn't a clue.
"Ooh, maybe he 'splode up." Power Plant leaped onto the computer bank and carelessly crunched countless buttons under his boot. "Knife fight! Maybe this what at ninja fantasy camp be like."
Asinine shot a perturbed glance over his shoulder. "Hey, feet off the computer bank. It's tough cleaning gunk off the kill switches."
Chapter Twenty: Asking for Directions
Schizophrenic pistol-prodded Kamikaze along the hallway. By that, Kamikaze meant Schizophrenic slashed the nape of his neck with the trigger guard. As far as debilitating pain went, that was lame. The best Kamikaze could hope for was a severed spinal cord. He'd just sit around after that, healing. What an anticlimax after he'd severed an arm and slashed up his face earlier. If an injury didn't result in death, it didn't result in fun. That was why self-inflicted injuries hurt so much better.
"Move along, you twisted wastes." Lefty sliced another welt across Kamikaze's neck, then shoved Momentum back. Momentum stumbled over, but Harrier helped him up despite his aching knee.
"Schizophrenic acts like a chuffer even on a walk," Harrier said.
"Shut your mouth." Lefty snorted. "The holding cells aren't much farther."
"But you keep knocking us down." Momentum stumbled.
Holding cells? These Bad Guys were going to make them sit around? That cut it. Kamikaze whirled into the air and pounded both feet against Lefty's chin. Schizophrenic stumbled heels-over-head backward onto a storage bench.
Multipurpose grabbed his sai and thrust forward, but he tripped over his drooping calf. Kamikaze would have settled for being crushed under Multipurpose's girth, but even that was too much to hope for. The lard bucket instead fell and crunched a hole through the floor, fragmenting apart floorboards. "Crocking Good Guys made me lose my balance!"
"No, bubble boy, your cellulite did." Schizophrenic dodged Harrier's punch.
Multipurpose peeled himself off the floor like skin peeled off hot leather. In a stretched blur, Momentum zipped at the Bad Guy with the Bulbosoid body type and spun circles around him. Heh. Bulbosoid. That didn't even begin to describe his shape.
Multipurpose bared his teeth and whipped an arm at Momentum. He missed. "Hold crocking still!" As if he wanted to spit bile, he stepped back, the hand holding his sai covering his mouth. Momentum's circles made his head turn greener than a dietary guide would. He buckled over and finally—
Several meals poured down the section of floor Multipurpose had carved out.
With his food, Multipurpose lost his fight. He tilted forward and careened into the floor, shattering it in a dinosaur stomp and quaking the hall. His sai spun away. He groaned, face down in the expanded hole. "All that pudding, crocking wasted."
Schizophrenic was still kicking. Harrier. He was still kicking Harrier. Time to end that. Schizophrenic would exhaust himself before he could pound Kamikaze to a smear.
Kamikaze leaped against a wall, arrowed himself directly at the division in Schizophrenic's two necks, blasted off, left a sulfur powder mark that circled an especially ugly painting of Asinine at a knuckle sandwich–eating contest.
"Hey, Schizo!" he yelled. The two-headed beast, clutching Harrier's collar, relaxed his fist when he spotted the wry twist to Kamikaze's mouth. Kamikaze timed it—and smacked his head into Schizophrenic's concrete faces. "Kiss, kiss."
Schizophrenic let go of Harrier, tumbled away. The back of Lefty's skull bashed through the storage bench.
Crock, crock, crock. Kamikaze had expected a broken shoulder or slashed windpipe when he'd hurtled into the Bad Guys' brawniest beefcake, but he got nothing.
Harrier shot to his feet, suffering a puffy eyebrow, a cut cheek, and a bloody nose. He tripped onto Schizophrenic, fumbled for the two-header's holster, and recovered his stolen pistol. He sprang back and slammed a boot into Lefty's temple. "Remain bloody still."
Schizophrenic's arm gripped Harrier's leg, but Momentum crunched a heel over it. Lefty didn't squirm in pain. He looked only as if he'd given up the fight.
"Where can we find Brick's other lab?" Harrier wheezed through what sounded like a bruised throat. Maybe his voice box had dislodged. Why couldn't that have happened to Kamikaze? Later, the two would have words about hogging all the fun.
Lefty chuckled and sputtered a cough. "I'm not saying a th—"
"Down the hall, take a left, take another left, second door on the right," Righty said as casually as if giving directions to the bathroom. Which was what those directions sounded like. Kamikaze twisted his mouth. They'd better not find Luzimoss in the bathroom. Harrier had told him about that house of out.
"Idiot," Lefty snapped at Righty. "No dessert for you."
Righty's jaw hung loose. "But my banana butterscotch milkshakes."
"They're mine now!"
"Stand." Harrier shot Schizophrenic a sneer and stepped off Lefty's temple. Schizophrenic complied, growling. Multipurpose complied, too, though Kamikaze feared he'd need help from a construction crane.
Something buckled with the sound of cracking wood. Shadows shifted, then a harsh gust pushed against Kamikaze. Multipurpose battered into the floor again, his blubber rippling like a waterbed filled with the remains of a liposuction operation.
"Oh, for piss. You made him move. Now we have to carry him." Schizophrenic kicked Multipurpose's side. "And now I have to yank my foot out of his fat folds."
Harrier reached into a pouch on Schizophrenic's belt and retrieved the gabbers Schizophrenic had stolen from them. He placed his in his ear and distributed the others. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Reef."
"Contacting entity Reef. Seeking connec—Connection attained."
"Reef, Luzimoss is near. We are headed there now. I shall contact you again once we have him. We have also captured two Bad Guys." He prodded Schizophrenic with a foot. "Kamikaze, do not attempt to carry the fat one. You might break a bone."
"With any luck, I'll also get a hernia." Kamikaze grunted and tried to lift the obese ninja with one arm.
Harrier took a pair of handcuffs from his belt and handed them to Kamikaze. He never left Station One without them. "Handcuff this knobber, please. Do not, however, handcuff yourself to him."
Kamikaze nodded. He took the cuffs and scrutinized them. How boring. Kamikaze could have used Multipurpose's belt, but the sweat clinging to it like syrup teemed with enough bacteria to kill a rhinoceros. Not even he wanted to touch that thing.
Kamikaze yanked Schizophrenic's arm back. He pressed a button on the cuffs and watched them encase the Bad Guy's hands. Schizophrenic grunted in resistance but to no avail.
"Don't make me shoot you, nasty," Kamikaze said. "I'd rather spare the light-bullet for myself."
Lefty spat his toothpick at Righty. "If you shoot one of us, make it him."
"Start moving." Momentum shoved Schizophrenic forward.
"I must go." Harrier hung up his gabber by tapping the ear bud. He and the others weaved down the hall and around the bend until they stopped at the door Righty had mentioned. Harrier entered, dragging the monolithic Schizophrenic by the collar. The two-header was at least conscious. Dead weight was hard to carry...though a griping Bad Guy who called you a lickspittle was hard to tolerate.
Brick's other lab. Hued in crimson light, the wide lab stretched ahead and bent in an L-shape. The far corner was a murky void in the dimness. Tables sat in a spaced-out checkerboard pattern and held an arrangement of strewn accrual that resembled a mechanic's pillaged garage sale. Even before Kamikaze's sight adjusted, the scent of formaldehyde assaulted his senses.
Harrier prodded Schizophrenic into the lab. "Now, where might we find Luzimoss?" Harrier forced his pistol against Righty's nose.
"Smells like flowers in there," Righty cooed. He angled his nostril onto the barrel.
Harrier switched to Lefty's nose. "I repeat: where might we find Luzimoss?"
"In a place like Station Zilcho? Probably hooked up to a marshmallow bowling ball or the galaxy's only poisonous coffeemaker."
"Yes!" Kamikaze pumped his arm. The other one had started growing back. "A marshmallow bowling ball to the head would mildly ding!" He rushed off enthusiastically and whacked into a table covered with knickknacks that resembled snorkeling gear crossed with dentistry equipment. What killer instrument would Asinine concoct next? Oh, this missile launch play set, which Kamikaze could easily choke on.
* * *
Harrier watched Kamikaze round a red-lit corner...then an eerie silence dulled the air. Bloody crock. Kamikaze was as silent as often as he was rational. A jangle-clatter of metal tore at that silence, sounding as if Kamikaze had overturned a cutlery drawer. Maybe he had. Harrier feared spending hours prying the knives from Kamikaze's dead, daftie eyeballs.
The jangle-clatter crashed again. A black-clothed body arced into view. Kamikaze. He flew back. By how he tried to pull off his own lips, Harrier guessed he remained alive. Good. An unconscious body was not a convenient shield.
A thunderous boom growled around the corner. The soft glow of a light panel shook with a strike. Another thunderous boom. Brick emerged, fists balled. Or bricked. Or—Well, someone composed of bricks could be described in only one way.
Brick held a pole hooked like a shepherd's staff. "Abscond yourselves from my research laboratory of scientific refinement!" He swung the staff with less practice than, dare Harrier think it, Multipurpose swinging a nafting blade. The staff collided with a wall but snapped free. Brick stumbled and over-swung, twisting into Asinine's steel parachute pants.
Momentum grabbed a snorkeling enamel drill. He wound the trailing cord around his arm and slashed at Brick. The drill's tip sparked against the klutzy scientist's body with a k-ching, which accomplished nothing more than tearing his lab coat.
Kamikaze threw himself between Brick and Momentum, probably hoping the drill would slash him instead. He lost his pilot's helmet. "Betcha can't get me underfoot, you undergrown apartment building."
"Accost me not, you loggerheaded, boorish-minded troll." Brick held his arms in front of his face. Momentum's drill glanced off his blooming brick skin at superspeed.
"What did you call me?" Kamikaze stepped back and dropped his fists. "Seriously. I have no idea what you just said."
Brick was holding his own simply because no blow penetrated his blooming hide. Harrier needed to act quickly. He flinched toward the conflict but stopped. "Must I keep an eye on you?" he asked Lefty.
Schizophrenic grinned crookedly. "Lean forward. I'll gouge one out and balance it on my knee." Kamikaze shot Harrier a jealous grimace over the ratbag's offer.
A groan. "What's that racket?" a groggy voice slurred. Luzimoss!
Control would be better maintained without worrying about Schizophrenic. Harrier booted a foot into Lefty's chin, though his knee needled him with pain. "Luzimoss!" he yelled over the clamor of the fight.
Harrier limped past Momentum. The speedster leaped onto a tabletop and propelled off, all in less than a bleeding second. Brick swung at him like an amateurish boxer, but he easily ducked. Kamikaze easily stuck his neck in the way.
Harrier shambled to the corner of the lab. "Luzimoss!" He reached the corner, bounded around it—and there lay Luzimoss, strapped to an inertiabed.
Something crackled like thunder behind Harrier. He ducked, twisted around...and watched Brick topple like a condemned building detonated from the inside. When the choking dust cleared, Kamikaze stood, holding a smoking thundermammal stunner.
Confused, Kamikaze checked the bleeding stunner. Understanding shone on his face. "Oh. That explains why my head wasn't blown off. I had it pointed the wrong way."
Chapter Twenty-One: Interdepartmental Scuffle
Plaster backpedaled and crushed Lieutenant IQ 23 against—what was back there? Oh, Scapegoat. Both tumbled, and Plaster spun around wit' a kick to IQ 23's rib. Plaster enjoyed all-you-can-kick rib nights.
Lieutenant IQ 23 stayed down this time. Good. Plaster thought that wimp wouldn't never drop. He examined Braindead and Scapegoat. Braindead looked busy foamin' bloody suds. Scapegoat had recovered and now tried to read the instructions on the side o' the cannon. Unfortunate for him, they was written wit' proper grammar.
Appetite's paw crushed another rotten watermelon. Its mold didn't stop the gargoyle from stuffin' his mouth wit' the slush, at which Plaster said, "Appetite, sit. What'd I say about eatin' our ammo? You'll get sick." Appetite ignored him in favor of another mouthful of slush. "Anyone wanna teach this thing basic language skills? Not you." Plaster whirled around at Scapegoat, then looked down at IQ 23. "Stop squirmin'."
Plaster swatted Appetite on the back of its mutton-brained head before facin' the remains o' his paltry crew. "Scapegoat, fire up the melon cannon." He rolled IQ 23 aside with his foot. Maybe if he slammed hard enough, he'd break off a rib and find out how it tasted with barbecue sauce. A new recipe.
Scapegoat waddled to the cannon. Plaster wanted to slap him across the face—he needed some fun—but remembered that Scapegoat was obeyin' an order to blow someone outta the sky. That superseded any beating, even a sound one. Scapegoat pressed the red button and waddled back a step.
The cannon choked out its payload. The three melons sailed upward and splattered against the tower's force field, squirtin' red flotsam and green jetsam like Multipurpose's sneezes. Huh. Not as dramatic as Plaster had expected. He needed somethin' with more punch. Maybe he shoulda used Mechanism's wine watermelons.
"Scapegoat, find some dynamite. Set some aside for your mouth."
* * *
"Shields at ninety-eight percent," the haunt control said.
Reef glared. A volley of watermelons had melted away 2 percent of a force field? Asinine must have bought the field's energy distributor on a budget. "Two percent damage? From a watermelon? Where did you buy this discount force field?"
"Discount Force Fields," Asinine said. "A deal too good to pass up. We stole the fields, though, so technically we did pass it up."
"Is this the same place you get your schemes?" Reef backed away from the window when the force field flickered statically. Now 2 percent down. Still, the Good Guys had time. They would wait until Harrier secured Luzimoss.
Another cannonade careened at the force field—explosion! A TNT blast threatened to split the tower, but the tower held together.
"Shields at sixty-eight percent."
"Sickty-eight? That ain't..." Power Plant stopped and spread the fingers of a hand. He tapped each finger. "That like is ain't a number. At least not a good one."
"Power Plant's wacky counting is right for a change. Why the explosive produce?" Reef's palate felt dry, prickly. He needed an alcoholic treat.
"Those cads." Asinine tried to kick a cabinet but only managed a punt with his duct-taped leg. "They're using my rainy-day dynamite without me. And without rain."
Reef sneered. "No more shattering party gags?"
"Hey, don't knock my passion for self-breaking piñatas."
"The shrapnel killed a lot of people!" Reef whipped out his gun and slammed it over the back of Asinine's skull. If a pistol whipping wouldn't sate his anger, he'd blast Asinine's—
"Pistol at low charge," his pistol said through a small speaker in its shaft.
"For crock." Reef howled and tossed his pistol at the window. It clattered away and spun across the floor. "Power Plant, blow a hole through this battle-worn meathead."
"Where I blast? In th' meathead's meathead? Is his head made o' meat?"
Another splatter—another detonation! "Shields at thirty-seven percent."
Reef slapped his palms to his face and squeezed his eyes shut. Their protection was eroding. The next volley would destroy the force field and the one after that would destroy the tower. What could they do? Run, escape, drop the force field, anything, anyth—
An idea. Reef thrust his hand out to Burnout. "Hand me your weapon."
Burnout handed his pistol over. "Don't throw it." 
Reef rushed to the window and checked the ground. Plaster was loading the next watermelon. He tried to load Scapegoat into the cannon, as well, but the speech mangler's hunched back didn't fit. Too bad. One less nose picker would benefit everyone.
L-tech windows. They'd have to come down. Reef backed into the middle of the control chamber next to Asinine. "Make the windows disappear."
"Fine," Asinine said. "Control, acknowledge. Windows, take five." With a falling whoomp, the windows obeyed.
Burnout stormed at Reef. "This is your plan? Without those windows, once that force field shuts down, nothing stands between us and those watermelons."
Reef felt Burnout's heat wave push against him. "Yes, this is my plan." He hurried to the open window and leveled the gun at the cannon.
The cannonade launched. It exploded against the force field and sprayed juice across its surface, which clapped loudly. The static discharge pulled at Reef's clothes. Then the fateful report from the haunt control: "Shields at no power, suckers." The force field crackled, sustained life for a half second, crackled again...and died.
Below, Plaster loaded the first of three watermelons of his next bombardment.
Reef had time for only one shot. His lungs froze, his blood chilled. If he missed, the taste of the next watermelon would blow his mind.
Plaster loaded the cannon with a second watermelon. Scapegoat still wouldn't fit.
Reef shivered, making his shot from fourteen stories up difficult. He fingered a button on the pistol to activate its laser sighting. A thin beam zipped from his pistol to the ground. Reef aimed the beam, but his hands shook his rattling aim wildly. He held his breath, unzipped a shoulder pouch, grabbed a muscle relaxant, and swallowed it. His shaking disappeared.
Plaster loaded the last watermelon. Reef took careful aim...vvveerrryyy careful aim. Plaster fired the cannon—Reef pulled the trigger.
Hit! With Reef's shot, the watermelons ruptured and exploded, launching Plaster back in a fiery haze. The cannon tilted and hung on its side, leaned, leaned, leaned, tipped, and slammed onto the unconscious Lieutenant IQ 23. Only an impact suit saved Asinine's wormy sidekick.
"Everyone, get down there!" Reef snapped away from the window.
Power Plant hopped onto the computer bank, ignoring his bruised ankle. He prepared to dive into flight. "Carpet them's freakin' diem!"
"The expression is 'carpe diem,'" Reef said. "But grab their floor mats. Our lobby needs a new one." He hoped Power Plant remembered to pull out of his dive before hitting the ground. They needed that floor mat.
"Don't diem the floor mat with the witty welcome quote!" Asinine hopped his chair forward. "Witty welcome quotes are had to come by."
Chapter Twenty-Two: Unrescued
"Are the Bad Guys bound yet?" Harrier said over his shoulder, removing the helmet from Luzimoss's head.
"I'm afraid not," Kamikaze said. "My intestines aren't long enough for Brick and him."
Luzimoss roused and pried his eyes open to blink away drowsiness, still blitzed from the helmet. He struggled against the inertiabed until Harrier deactivated it. With a flash of alertness, he bolted up and smacked an open palm at Harrier. "Get away from me."
"We've come to free you," Harrier said. "One of my colleagues is binding your naffing captors with his guts."
"Now that's dedication," Kamikaze piped up.
"I didn't ask for your help, and I don't want it." Luzimoss's hand searched the shelf behind him, perhaps for a weapon. As if knowing what sat there, he guided his hand toward a radioactive joy buzzer, or at least that was what its label read.
No no no. If Harrier couldn't convince Luzimoss, then Luzimoss would fall back into blooming Bad Guy captivity and under the iron rule of Asinine's thumb, that same thumb smeared with finger paint. "What makes you despise us so? Is it Kamikaze?"
Kamikaze looked up from his work. "I can get a breath mint."
Luzimoss flung the joy buzzer at Harrier. Harrier dodged, but the band saw that spewed saccharine laughing gas wasn't so easily avoided. Luzimoss next grabbed a small box of explosive chocolate truffles, considered throwing it, and instead pocketed it. He had the same sweet tooth as Smithereens.
Luzimoss hopped off the inertiabed, neglected to throw Asinine's tactical hair-growing choker, and elbowed past Harrier. Harrier followed, noticing Brick had been tied up in a long wad of binding putty. Schizophrenic was still cuffed. Lefty drooped against his collar, asleep with boredom, though Righty blooming chewed on the binding putty as if it were gum. "Cinnamon flavor." Righty sucked another length of putty down.
Luzimoss exited the lab and checked the hall. Harrier grabbed his shoulder. He reared away and shoved Harrier against a wall with bloody hellfire in his eyes. His breathing seethed.
"You want to know my problem? You think Legion is such a moral and decent leader? In this timeline, maybe Legion's a 'good guy,' but I have access to trillions upon trillions of other versions of me in other timelines. Thirty-nine percent of the other Legions in those other timelines? They double-cross Intergalactic Protection."
"What? No. Ruddy crock, that's impossible!"
"Impossible? Consider who you're talking to. Other timelines are similar to this one but often mockingly reversed. In those timelines, Legion sells out. He leads the Bad Guys. Sometimes Asinine makes him a deal he can't refuse. Sometimes he betrays you on his own. And in every single timeline in which this happened, he takes over the solar system, then the galaxy. He murders millions of innocents, you often included. You."
"You sodding liar!" Harrier sprang forward, but Luzimoss dodged without looking. "You know bloody nothing of what you talk about."
"Is Legion still such a noble leader?" Luzimoss tightened a barmy scowl. "Did Asinine say something recently about a 'legion of Legions'?"
Harrier swallowed fearfully. He nodded, or perhaps he trembled. No. Emotion was overtaking him, and he was bleeding incapable of stopping it. It leeched his composure. It dried his saliva. He felt it drain his color. "After Legion had returned from a clash with some blokes named the Numbers at the Firmatech Center, he'd made reference to that."
"In other timelines, Asinine said the same. Just wait until someone on the Bad Guys offers him an ultimatum: be a Bad Guy or be a Bad Guy slave. There's a good chance he'll take the first. Joyfully. He'll believe it's right. And soon enough—maybe a week from now, maybe a year—Legion will take something from you. Something very dear."
"W-what...what are the odds he takes something—"
"Every timeline." Luzimoss fixed him with a steely eye. "One hundred percent."
His nostrils flared. "So take your rescue and crock it. Now, there's a ninety-seven percent chance I have to sabotage something to stop the Bad Guys before your war blows up in my face. Literally." He eyed Kamikaze. "Don't let Legion kill you in this timeline." He shoved past Harrier, knocking Harrier into the doorframe. "Because that's very likely." He pounded off.
Harrier stared blankly at the doorframe. With his senses pished in a numb froth, he leaned against it. He'd rush after Luzimoss in a moment, but for now, he needed to ease into this revelation.
"Hey, Harrier," Kamikaze said. "My calculations were way off. My large intestine is long enough."
"You idiot." Momentum slapped the back of Kamikaze's head. "It only reaches his legs. You always screw up converting to metric. Now stuff that back in."
Chapter Twenty-Three: Battle of the Sexes
Legion ducked, but the light-bullet gored into his shoulder. The bone shattered, and—No. No pain aside from the anguish of Ruthless's dentistry-freezing speech. Wait. No pain? No. His shoulder was fine. The deckchair to which he was roped...its back snapped apart. The light-bullet had struck it.
"Jusht shtand shtill, Matrosh!" Ruthless fired two more light-bullets.
Legion dodged. "Stop using s words. You're washing the floor." Polite and diplomatic.
Though Legion's feet remained bound to the deckchair, he stood. His nervous sweat made his wrists slippery under the rope. He rolled back and landed hard on the splintered wood that cut into his shoulder blades. Ruthless fired and split the rope that still bound his feet.
Freedom! He kicked away the laser rope. Ruthless fired again...but nothing came out. She slid the chamber open, examined it. Empty? No. Ammunition in the chamber. A light-bullet had poked into a groove in the barrel. Must have been a do-it-yourself pistol with a rough inner chamber.
A rough inner chamber. So many casual remarks reminded him of Lowensland.
Legion bull-rushed Ruthless—stopped short. Swung the deckchair's legs at her. They battered into her arm, snapped off. Legion leaped back, beat the deckchair on the ground. It shattered. Only its arms remained tied to him. 
"Ruthless—" Legion chided himself for using that nickname. "Ruth! I agree with you over MaxSport. In fact—"
Ruthless countered with a meaty punch to Legion's stomach. He went down.
"Ruth, wait a minute." Legion zipped to his feet and dodged aside. Ruthless wasn't calming. Legion wielded those deckchair arms like batons. Whipped them up, slammed them over Ruthless's shoulders. Her cloak cushioned them. She threw aside her pistol, stomped a foot onto Legion's leg.
Legion roared. Slices of agony. He clutched his battered leg. Ruthless smashed another foot into his face. Legion arced back. Careened into the wood floor. Skidded away across Ruthless's rainstorm of saliva. Attempted to stand. Soreness pumped through his battered leg, brought that standing notion to a screeching halt.
Notions coming to a screeching halt. Again, reminded him of Lowensland. He'd have to write these down.
Legion's body...a network of pain...nodes lit with agonizing signals. Legion dabbed where Ruthless's boot had struck his right eye. Bruised.
Ruthless retrieved a slender piece of the deckchair's leg. She advanced on Legion and flipped the leg as if flipping a coin. Would this leg stab his head or his tail? He didn't know which would feel worse, but a deckchair leg through his head would look more respectable in the autopsy report. Imagine the coroner's expression after he yanked it out of the tail end. Legion chuckled.
"What'sh sho funny?" Ruthless spat.
Legion's chuckle became a jovial sigh. He waved a hand to dismiss it and said on an exhalation, "Guy thing."
"That'sh the problem. Everything ish a guy thing here. Your shquad ish all men! You have no shponshor pressure to keep it that way, but you haven't hired one woman. One pishing female!"
But he'd hired a woman! Still out of breath, Legion had to wait a couple seconds to start talking. "About that, Ruth, hold on—"
"No!" Ruthless stomped. She stood over Legion. With one final flip, she aimed the leg at his head, wielding it like a stake. "You could never defeat Lowenshland without a woman'sh touch."
"I know I can't!" Legion looked at Ruthless through only one eye. The other had swelled shut. "That's why—"
Ruthless thrust the deckchair's fragment down—Legion swung his good leg up—pinged against the length of the fragment. It spun out of her hand—Legion caught it—Ruthless fell—sprawled against him. Dead weight. What had happened to her?
"Ruth, listen. I know what MaxSport did was unforgivable. I agree. And I know I took way too long to fix that. That's on me, but I was just worried how Intergalactic Protection would react. They're already not in love with me since I refused their sponsorship deals and the use of l-tech on Station One. But I hired a woman. Just this week." Still out of breath, Legion had to pause. This was eerily quiet. He shook her. "Ruth?"
Legion felt as if he were trapped under a bag of cement. He tried lifting Ruthless off, but she didn't budge. She didn't even rouse when he nudged her. Unconscious.
Something warm dribbled onto his hands. Saliva. Gross. Wait. Not saliva.
He heaved Ruthless aside with a hefty shove and squirmed away. Ruthless lay bleeding, the deckchair's leg jutting out of her sternum. Her chest didn't rise, didn't fall. The light panel illuminated her gut wound as if spotlighting a death scene in a ham-acted play. She wasn't unconscious.
Legion felt some pity over her death. Some. He found sympathy for her difficult after her attempt to execute him. But her point was bulletproof: Legion had no reason not to hire women except for backlash from the higher-ups. So he'd fixed that but couldn't find an opening to tell her. Still, Legion had acted in self-defense. Ruthless's death was her own fault.
Agony blitzed his battered leg. He gripped a slice of deckchair debris as a cane to help him stand. He discarded the debris and hobbled to the door. It slid open to expose a hallway that Legion immediately recognized. The light outside shone so brightly his eyes burned. The room he was trapped in was an empty room in the east wing of the training facility. Now featuring a corpse leaking blood. Forget the paint on his office window. The cleaning robot would skewer him with his own antennae over Ruthless's body.
Legion held walls as he limped to the lobby tower and up to the third floor. He hovelled to his office, his battered leg begging for mercy.
The protests outside joined the screaming pain of his leg as soon as he entered his office. Could they not leave him alone for one lousy minute? One protestor had screwed up his battered leg and swelled his eye like a tumor. These others would deafen his hearing with their preposterous chants. "Come on, ladies. Fallopians in fatigues! Ovaries with automatics!" Were they coming up with these or were they reading from Lowensland's list of threats? Impossible. They weren't reciting the copyright statement of a news datasheet.
He grabbed a trinket from one of his shelves—he didn't care which—and flung it at the window. "A picture has collided with your window." He grabbed another trinket and flung it. "A medal has collided with your window." He shambled toward the window and slammed his hands on its frame. "You have collided with your window."
"Control, acknowledge. Open window," Legion said. The sound of the window sliding aside intermingled with the mob's murderous threats to sharpen into one overpowering noise.
"Hey!" Legion screamed. Not until a pink balloon splattered over his face and he tasted milky paint, which he hoped was toxic—may Alaphus put him out of his painful, painful misery—did the protestors notice he had spoken. He wiped the crud from his eyes. All this over a decision from a boardroom of bigoted MaxSport execs who evidently needed hugs. Tight, tight—Legion clenched his teeth—tight hugs.
A protestor hurled another balloon and struck Legion across the temple. "Get off your high horse and hire a woman!" Agreeing cheers and rallying fists followed her bellow.
Alaphus, help me not to drop my desk on their heads, he prayed. Another balloon smacked his brow. On the other hand, help me with the desk. I can't lift it on my own.
He drew a calming breath—the protestors were in the right—which kept him from spewing death threats or offering Franchise as catapult ammunition. "I have an announcement." He took a deep breath. He feared the repercussions from IP, but now was the time. "To help rectify MaxSport's narrow-minded decision to dismiss all women from the military, the Good Guys have hired a female pilot so that the angered masses will give me a lick of peace. The pilot starts in a few days and will be paid equal to her male counterparts. Please see my receptionists, Topsy and Turvy, in the main lobby for details. Please refrain from overturning them. At the same time, let Kamikaze show you his method of tying a bungee cord." Bring on MaxSport's backlash. He'd dealt with worse.
He shoved himself away from the window and ordered the haunt control to close it. The window slid into its frame to protect Legion from the renewed onslaught of pink balloons, octopi, or whatever else the protestors lobbed. He listened. No onslaught. No haunt control reports. No inane chanting.
Just silence. Sweet, sweet silence for the first time in days.
"Oh, and control, acknowledge. Enough with all the status messages."
"Giving you a break for ten minutes, thanks to the power of Doctor Swindle's healing pu—"
"And can the ad program while you're at it!"
"Can-advertise program activated. Status messages and advertisement feed increased. By the way, wipe away protestors with a simple brush of Truant-B-Gone. Find it at your local hardware store."
"No. Can the ad program!"
"No-can-do program activated. Won't ever deactivate the ad program."
Crap, Legion really needed a woman's touch here, if anything just to keep him from saying stupid stuff the haunt control would misconstrue. He kicked his storage cabinet with his good leg. Stupid haunt control! He sat on the brown carpet in the corner of his office. So much for sweet silence. He examined a lamp next to him. Might be a good self-bludgeoning tool.
Chapter Twenty-Four: Name Calling
Master Asinine sprang forward to snag Power Plant's foot before the Good Guy bounded out the window. Too late. Being duct-taped to a chair didn't help. He had wanted to ask Power Plant about that ninja fantasy camp. Not for himself but for Multipurpose. If that walking gelatin mold couldn't be a ninja, he could at least fantasize about being one.
Master Asinine now lay sprawled along the floor. Lunging had carried him across the chamber. And his cheek had raked against the floor, giving him a rosy glow. Oh, no! That would leave a nasty bruise for the next Bad Guy calendar shoot!
Reef grabbed the chair and hauled Asinine back up. The other Good Guys had leaped out the window. Well, the fliers. Those who couldn't fly tended to use doors. Only Reef remained to guard Asinine, expert strategist and dodgeball player.
Asinine was bored. Time for idle chitchat. "Hey, you want to check out my boy-band listening arena?"
"Shut up, Asinine," Reef said through the side of his mouth. A flask plugged the other side. He fixed Asinine with a battle stare and stuffed his flask into an inner pocket.
"You know," Asinine said, "you really should come up with a media name."
"I told you to shut up."
"All your teammates have one. Except Legion. And Appetite. Wait, Appetite's on my side. Don't know if he has a real name, though."
Reef wasn't listening. Asinine's head drooped against his collarbone. He looked down at his arm and...wait a second. His fall had loosened the duct tape. He checked Reef. Not watching. He yanked his arm up, yanked again, and tore it free...which ripped his arm hair off. Oh, man, that burned.
He had to think fast, something he'd never managed. He bashed a fist into Reef's jaw. Hammer time. "Here's a media name for you: Smacked Down."
Asinine tore the duct tape off his other arm, then freed his legs. He threw the chair at Reef and readied himself in the stance of the paraplegic. Wait, flopping on the floor and drooling wouldn't help. He took the stance of the coma victim. Hold on a second.
Reef snapped forward with a kick, but Asinine caught it. The Bad Guy leader smiled. "How about Battle Smashed?" Asinine slammed his forearm bone into the meat of Reef's calf. "Or Alcoholic Fury Machine?" A fist rammed the inside of Reef's thigh once, twice, three times a lady. "Or maybe Gastro Fight Nuisance? Wait, that's my fallback name." Asinine released Reef's leg, leaped, and batter-honked Reef's nose with a clown shoe. He loved that move. He'd had it done to himself enough to get acquainted with it. "Flat Face? Does that work for you?"
Reef fell backward, his nostrils and brow oozing blood. Now that looked like a good calendar shot. "Control, acknowledge. Take picture of this guy over here." This would look good enough for October's photo if Asinine wedged his own face into the frame.
* * *
Everything smelled coppery now. Reef wiped his smoldering nosebleed, leering at Asinine, who hurried toward the chamber's hatch. He bounded up before Asinine dropped through it and swung a foot at the Bad Guy's face.
Asinine caught his toes. "Haven't the Good Guys taught you anything but how to lose?" He smirked at his likeness on the Bad Guy patch on Reef's uniform. "Nice endorsement." He kneed Reef's chest, striking the patch-Asinine's ridiculous grin. The humor wasn't lost on Reef.
Reef's head slammed against the floor. His stomach churning, he sputtered to avoid puking his treat juice away. He recovered, but Asinine was gone.
Reef dropped through the hatch, bolted to the elevator airfoil. Asinine, one story below. He began his descent...slowly. What the crock? Not a speed he'd expect from Asinine, the Matador of Beef Gravy, as announced on several news broadcasts.
The slowness afforded Reef time to think. He had to remember to buy milk on the way home...and tonight was laundry night. Oh, yeah, and barricade his door because Power Plant had threatened to "human slam himself through it." And what was this abysmal airfoil music? A slide-whistle-and-didgeridoo rendition of Smoothie Q's "Yo, Girl, I Be Yo' Man"?
His feet finally hit the ground floor. Ahead, Asinine tromped into the battlefield, his clown shoes making his stride squeak. Reef dived for his calves, which sent them both wheeling into the street with a honk-bang-honk-bang-honk-bang-oof.
Asinine grunted when his cheek slapped the pavement. He backhanded Reef's face, making the burned cheek bristle. "File that sissy slap under 'fiercely awesome rock out.'"
Reef recovered with the resolve to later figure out what Asinine had said. He slammed the heel of his palm into Asinine's forehead and yelled to Power Plant, "The floor mat is right there at your feet." Asinine's hand grappled for his mouth, but he wrestled it away. "Just roll it up and stuff it under your shirt."
"No fair nabbing our floor mats." Asinine gunned an elbow into Reef's kidney. "You can have our boot mat instead. Too much salt from our Bad Guy ski trip."
Reef threw himself away from Asinine. "Your bash-dance of tyranny comes to an—Oh, for piss. You know what? Just die." Whoa. Easy there. Franchise and Power Plant's video game smack-talk had affected his thinking.
Reef lunged for him. Asinine sidestepped, balled together his fists, and swung them into Reef's back. Less painful than the knee Reef blocked with his teeth. At least his tooth marks rumpled Asinine's pant leg now. Oh, wait. He wore a wrinkle-free suit. He'd obviously redeemed one of Power Plant's gift certificates stolen from Harrier's wallet.
"Blam-a-ka-blam!" Power Plant hooted and threw Scapegoat at the watermelon cannon. The young agent aimed his fingers at Scapegoat and they lit like flashlights. Reef knew what that meant.
"Jeff, don't shoot at the explosives!" Yeah, right. One hapless laser bolt—
The ensuing detonation drove Reef sideways. He bounced along the ground, smacked his burned cheek, hip, ribs into the pavement. He stood and examined the blood that peppered his grated flesh. Good thing he wore an impact suit.
The explosion had eaten away the ground floor of a building. The building buckled, threatening to topple over the cannon's powdered remains, almost crunched down next to the rickety broadcast antenna, but remained standing at a tilt.
"Man, I's covered in red sugar." Power Plant fingered his cheek and scooped up a chunk of watermelon goop. He shrugged and mashed it into his mouth.
* * *
After he'd made his stopover, his knowledge hivemind as his guide, Luzimoss navigated through the halls in only ten minutes. The percentages steered him down only one wrong path. He approached the final exit...when an explosion chewed through the relative silence. His heart seized. Had Power Plant gotten his bacon? And whose head had he torn off as a result? Hopefully his own.
The cannon had exploded. He knew before even seeing the wreckage. He burst through the l-door and onto the streets of the Flatulous Sector. He smelled the cannon's bonfire smoke when its ashes drifted into his nostrils.
Oh, no. The area was a chaos of confrontation. Blown watermelon pulp, unconscious and beaten bodies with limbs twisted haphazardly, IQ 23 trailing a swath of blood, Power Plant screaming sentences that disintegrated grammatically: "Eats my fisticuffs!"
Luzimoss almost buckled, his heart plunging into dread's icy water. He stumbled forward onto the battleground on legs like wet sand, closer to the destruction.
His knowledge hivemind hadn't prepared him for this. In no other reality had the battle erupted this barbarically. No version of him had described this senselessness. Well, excluding the one living in the reality where Kamikaze had also gotten Franchise's hyperability to multiply. Gory to say the least.
Luzimoss's world spun drunkenly as if he starred in a movie where the camera angle gyrated faster and faster around a single point in a visual cyclone. He clutched his temples. He couldn't care less if these butchers tore each other asunder, but this strife would spill into civilian areas as it had at the market. His hands still at his temples, he screamed, though no one heard over the fist-to-bone slapping, the metal tearing, the incoherent babble of Scapegoat with a finger stuffed up his nostril.
Luzimoss grabbed a discarded gun. Though weak with dismay, he tottered into the battle and unenergetically dodged a light-bullet.
"Stop!" he screamed. Everyone heard. Grunting died to silence, punches halted in midswing, everyone froze. Except Appetite. He stripped an eavestrough off a building. After considering it for a moment, he crumpled it into his grinding maw.
Luzimoss surveyed his war-happy audience. "Everyone...stop."
"Holds on." Power Plant punched Scapegoat. "Okay. No, waits." Once more. "Okay, what's up?"
Harrier, Kamikaze, and Momentum emerged from the door through which Luzimoss had earlier staggered. Luzimoss disregarded them. They were worth as little attention as any of these other slime buckets.
Luzimoss scrutinized the crowd, panting. "Is this over me? Are you all fighting over me? Look at yourselves. Not literally, Asinine." He swallowed. "You're killing each other just to harness my brainwaves, to attain more power."
Reef lamely raised a hand. "Actually, we tried to stop th—"
"Shut up. You want to kill each other? Be my guest. Nothing would make me or Kamikaze happier. But this petty spat will eventually kill someone innocent. Trust me. It's happened in every other timeline. Power Plant, stop picking at your navel."
Luzimoss accessed the knowledge of trillions of other timelines. His brainwaves pulsed through the warring soldier ants, who buckled to their knees, screamed in agony, drooled from color-drained lips. Luzimoss inflicted no permanent damage. Otherwise, he'd be no better off than they were. The brain-bursting pain they felt, though, caused a swirling intensity of torture. He kept accessing his knowledge hivemind simply to watch them squirm. His heart sank from the grief he felt at this display of pandemonium.
Two...one...zero. In the distance, the explosive truffles he'd stolen exploded just as his knowledge hivemind had planned for him. A signal tower toppled, gouging the roof from which it sprouted. The roof collapsed and the tower sank into the bed of rubble. Beside the tower, an empty hangar bay exploded, raining sparks. And, beside that, the fast-food joint with the drive-thru microphone that jutted from the monkey's rear.
Next exploded Station Zilcho's power core, what Asinine had captured him to imbue with energy, to propel this station away from knowing forces. Luzimoss watched it blow apart in his mind's eye. Lights across Station Zilcho faded, and the whirring automatons and serving droids choked to a halt. The station had no more power reserves. Exactly as he'd planned. Exactly as he'd predicted.
"Nooooo." The word oozed from Asinine's mouth. The pain in his head, throbbing and terrible, debilitating and excruciating, twisted him in ugly throes. "No...more...power. We'll miss tonight's episode of Knee Surgery Masterpiece Theatre with surgeon superstar what's-his-name, the blind guy."
With so much power in that core, detonated with such force, the station rocked. Everyone quaked off their feet. Another signal tower in the distance cracked, teetered, and careened into its neighbor. Station Zilcho thundered out of the spatial position it had held for so long. Stars above streamed by. A planet in the sky flew past, then another. Outposts and meteors became streaks. In a way, Asinine was getting exactly what he wanted: to fling the station where no one could know its position.
Luzimoss's grip tightened on the gun. He set his jaw, and his hand shot up and placed the barrel against his temple. "I'm not your pawn anymore."
Asinine stumbled forward, reaching out as if to block the shot, though he remained clear across the street and Reef had tied his laces together. "No, coolness source of powerful proportions, no! Hey, do you have an actual name?"
Luzimoss shut his eyes and didn't feel a thing.
* * *
The bullet's echo hammered the silence. The throbbing in Reef's head abated. He choked on his breath and drifted slowly to his feet. He ignored Asinine. The dolt lay on the ground, trying to figure out how to unknot his laces.
Timidly, Reef approached Luzimoss. Oh, no. What had they done? He'd pray to a higher power but this looked too grim for fantasies to fix. He scrambled around the body to look at the hole in Luzimoss's head. Reef sank over the corpse.
Asinine put a hand to his mouth. "Our stocks will drop like the f-bombs of our investors. Lieutenant, do we have investors?" Lieutenant IQ 23's unconscious form responded with a shudder. "Then who supplies our chili fund?"
Reef watched Asinine's small army of generics trickle out of surrounding buildings. Nothing remained here for the Good Guys. On the Bad Guys' home turf, they would now only be overrun and killed. Killed by Doberman cannons, no less.
"Good Guys, back to the starship!" Reef led the way, limping with an ache in his side that reminded him of his injury. "Jeff, grab that floor mat."
Master Asinine snapped his fingers. "Luzimoss. That was his name."
Despite his limp, Reef rushed at Asinine and swung a fist into his face. Asinine bucked back and his skull socked into pavement, his shoes clamoring like a flock of geese.
"Useless business jargon did me no good," Asinine groaned. His clown shoes calmed down. "I should have gone with medical gibberish."
Reef didn't even listen. Asinine didn't matter. This mission wasn't supposed to end like this. No one should have died.
"Yo, girl, yo, yo, yo, girl, I be—" Crock. Why was that song stuck in his head?
Chapter Twenty-Five: Brief Debriefing
Legion sat at his mahogany desk, padded fingers to his brow to hold his head up. "Dead?" he asked Reef over the gabber. Sad news about Luzimoss. Lives lost again because of Lowensland's struggle for either more power or more coolness. Or both. Yet Legion felt strangely listless. It wasn't that he didn't care—he cared greatly—but he was too exhausted to feel sadness, regret, or his toes.
The cleaningbot clattered into his office and shook its fist at the bloody trail Legion had smeared across the carpet when he'd entered. Maybe Legion could chuck the cleaningbot out the window. Bad news always made him want to chuck things. Alaphus, just once let me get away with something purely malicious, he prayed.
"Is everyone else fine?" Legion almost threw his battered leg off the desk. He'd applied healing putty to it, so it should be repaired in no longer than two days. His swollen eye had received the same treatment. "What's Harrier despondent about? Okay, when you find out, let me know." And, whah, that healing putty reeked. "Kamikaze stuck what in what? Well, just mop up the blood."
Still throbbing, he'd at least received a peacekeeping gesture from the protestors, who'd come to greet him with hands shaken or palms rubbed, whatever their different races did as hellos and thank-yous. The shaken hands were a problem, though, since he couldn't raise his arm above his hip without blistering pain. The last protestor had trickled out, and now he felt every battle scar he'd earned today.
Luzimoss's tragic death weighed like a lead jacket on Legion, but the pain in his battered leg flared, U-turning those thoughts. He glared at the medical robot that tended to his leg, then at the investigator bagging Ruth, whose corpse had been brought here for identification. "My day?" he said, watching Ruth's head smack against the doorframe. More blood showered the carpet. "Oh...keeping busy. You know...this and that."
Franchise entered. He surveyed the bloody trail, the body, and Legion's battered leg. He craned his neck forward. "You mean you finally let Jeffy practice for ninja camp, and I missed it?"
Legion held a finger up to pause Franchise, still talking to Reef. "What was that about a floor mat?"
Chapter Twenty-Six: Welcome to the Team
He awoke, feeling as confused as Power Plant whenever someone explained time zones to him. Something felt weird, less crowded. He'd never experienced this much...silence before. His eyes focused. He'd been here before.
"Ah. You have awakened." A head appeared in his vision. A helmeted head. Mechanism's.
Luzimoss tried to raise an arm but couldn't. On an inertiabed again. His knowledge hivemind had stopped. Why? "Wh—What—"
Mechanism asked the question for him. "What is happening? I will tell you."
"Brilliant, sir," Appliance said from the side. "You foresaw that question with exacting—"
"Oh, shut up, you buzzing bootlick."
"Yes, sir. I retire now to shine your boots and think of adorations to write on your 'I Live for Weekends' whiteboard." Appliance droned off.
"How about you prepare me a banana split with a wine glaze, perhaps La vanité?" Mechanism called after his doting helper. Wine on a dessert? He enjoyed wine so much, his blood was probably equivalent to the active ingredient in ethanol.
Mechanism removed his helmet. Its seals vented. "You have many questions. How can you possibly live? Simple. I commanded my new aide"—he indicated Ice Cream Headache behind him, who slouched so languidly even her hair looked despondent—"to retrieve you quickly enough for me to repair your head. The Good Guys were escaping, and Bad Guys were too involved with trying to stop them to notice her carrying you off. Your unique skill would otherwise be lost. Too bad Scapegoat survived the blast from the cannon. Otherwise my banana split would serve as a double celebration."
Luzimoss watched Ice Cream Headache shuffle off, a snivel in each hopeless step. To Mechanism, he asked, "What happened? What are you doing to me? I demand to know. Tell me!" He was as clueless as Asinine whenever the Bad Guy leader tried to read.
Mechanism crossed his arms. "No need to upset yourself. Your knowledge hivemind is not lost, though you cannot access it. Through my brilliant foresight, I have placed a microchip behind your right eye that prevents your hypergland from excreting. Thus you cannot access your hyperability. No use bringing you here if you could ask trillions of other yous how to escape." Luzimoss expected Mechanism to pat himself on the back.
"Tell me what you're planning to do to me." Luzimoss tried to bolt up from the bed, tried yanking his arm away, tried anything, but nothing worked. Nothing! He rolled his head in a struggle and heard a clang. A clang? Had metal replaced the expunged part of his head?
Mechanism chuckled. "You are part of my strategy to wrest control of this farcical empire from Master Asinine and cleanse the Renovodomus solar system. Your unique hyperability is the only reason I allow you to live. And the time will soon come for it to serve my ends, at which point I will disable your inhibitor chip."
Oh no oh no. Part of Mechanism's strategy? The bed wouldn't give no matter how hard he struggled. "I refuse to help you, you megalomaniac."
"You give differing with my opinion a bad name. You see, like Headache, if you disobey me or divulge my plan to reign as king of Renovodomus, that same microchip that disables your hyperability will explode, killing you. And know that your vital signs are linked to a powerful explosive located in the center of a populated city. When your heart stops beating...so do about four hundred thousand others." His eyes flashed with evil.
"Oh, and one final detail. You are no longer called Luzimoss, my dear bondservant. You will serve a special purpose in my plan. You see, I have an army of extremists that I call my Numbers...even though some brainless cretin caused a system error that converted the digits in their designations to letters. Those error heads."
No, crock. No!
"You are now my Number A."
THE END

NEXT BOOK:
Your favorite characters starring in a hilarious new adventure that will have you peeing your pants. And everyone wants that. Drink lots of fluids.
Hey, you finished the sixth book in the series! Bravo, my friend, bravo. Now the disappointment sets in as you realize you have to wait for the next installment. But take heart! I give you, free of charge, a small glimpse at that next installment, right after this! How amazing is that? I'll tell you: very amazing. Very amazing times two.


In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos


Someone with a nasty grudge is gunning for Master Asinine. And he'll stop at nothing to take control of organized crime in Renovodomus.
When gang leader Taricoss Kyril copies Asinine's scheme and unites the six next most powerful criminal leaders into a conglomeration of evil, he sets his sights on the Bad Guys. And how can he fail, what with ninja master Amaranthia and her skills in his corner?
Check inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com for release info, news, and recipes for insect salads that both you and your Venus fly trap can enjoy.

This Junk Is Likely to Change
Hey, when this next book gets the professional touch and beauty makeover, some of the wording might be a bit different or a lot different. Just a word of warning. But you're cool with that, right? You don't look like the type of person to get in the way of improvement. I knew I could count on you.
Book 7, Chapter One: And the Man Leading the Venture Was No More than a Babbling Narcissist
December 24, 9109. 7:10 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
Destruction. Cold, calculated, universe-spanning destruction. Taricoss Kyril loved destruction. Especially the calculated kind, because the word exuded a lust for chaos. And he was planning so much of it.
And maybe some small-time gambling. He needed to make time for his hobbies.
"Destruction, everyone. Cold, calculated, universe-spanning destruction," Kyril said. Wait. Hadn't he already gone over that? Cold, calculated—Ah, whatever.
In this meeting room aboard The Nemesis, this titan-class starship, Kyril had gathered the heads of the six most lucrative crime gangs in Renovodomus. Gathered, collected, assembled. His eyes crept across the other leaders who held such disdain, such scorn, that during this meeting he felt unsure he could restrain them. But Togron's spinach dip helped. He scooped a dollop into another tortilla chip. Tasty, scrumptious, mouthwatering. His doctor said he was allergic to glycerol, but whatever. He splurged at gangland meetings.
"Everyone, I have a proposition of such magnitude that your brains will reel from its mere description. Especially yours, Bob." He grinned, smirked, beamed.
"Control, acknowledge, begin timer, start at four minutes," he said, addressing the starship's voice-command software, so-called because it automated locations seamlessly enough that they seemed haunted. A holographic clock sprang from nowhere and hovered immediately above the table at which everyone but him sat. Four minutes showed on its full-circle display, which began ticking down. "Everyone, you have four minutes to consider my proposition, my plan, my scheme."
He wiped a splotch of spinach dip from his cheek and limped around the table. That limp. Blasted light-bullet lodged into his kneecap years ago. Stung, pricked, needled. The tattoo that covered it didn't help.
Tattoos littered his pink and green skin. Gun sights overlaid bullet scars where he'd gotten shot: once on the shoulder, once on the knee, twice in the gut, and once in the forehead. Slash-mark tattoos crossed his body to represent stab wounds. Trophies of survival.
He swept calloused fingers over the table's mottled surface. Amaranthia, his red-clad ninja, followed at such a plodding distance that backstabbers or panhandlers could accost him without Amaranthia even being within eyesight. Kryil remained clueless why she followed so distantly. Wherever he went, she treated him like a Black Plague–diseased rat at a Pied Piper march.
Kyril had gathered the six biggest leaders of the biggest crime gangs...after that insipid Lowensland had filched the previous biggest six. And, though a mutual goal had collected these leaders, they lashed scorn at each other when eyes met. Hostile, enraged, antagonistic. Like heatseeking missiles in their irises. Heatseeking irises. Heatrises? Hir—He'd wandered off track.
Kyril belonged to a rare Trioxidillian/Terran crossbreed. His jet-black hair grew unevenly, spottily, erratically because of his Trioxidillian's hairless genes battling his hairy Terran ones for dominance. To hide its patchwork, he'd slicked it back but had used so much gel today it had formed a helmet. He hated comb-overs.
Amaranthia sighed behind him. As stealthy as a cat and trained in the deadliest forms of combat, she exuded an intimidation felt by anyone within striking distance. The five-foot ninja stalked like a night predator, knowing exactly how to slaughter her prey with lethal precision—
"What are you, like, staring at, you gitch?" Amaranthia sneered at Kyril from the side table where sat the leaders' guns. "You're totally giving me a creepy vibe? Geez?"
Ah, who was Kyril kidding? She was a high school airhead. She cloaked herself in only the reddest and most fashionable gear. And the strongest perfumes. Not fitting for a supposedly invisible assassin. And she spent way too much time in front of a mirror where she shaped the hair she always concealed under her fabric headgear. And proper assassins shouldn't speak as if asking questions all the time. Stupid rising intonations. She'd seem tolerable if she spent less time worrying about boys and makeup. At least she'd left her jangling jewelry at home.
The leaders watched Kyril close another limping lap around the table. He noted the hanging image still of himself tackling a shark. He deserved to show that off. His victories were well earned.
After Lowensland—well, Master Asinine now—had unceremoniously killed his coconspirators in a bid for sole control, the leaders collected here represented what remained of the powerful crime gangs like stale holiday leftovers. The unwanted stuff. Fruitcake or turkey neck. Still, they represented the nastiest remainders: Kyril led the Marmassat clan, McDougall led the Warhorse clan, Togron led the Larris clan, Bob led the Gaghris clan, Cravinia led the Legionnaires clan, and Stabber led the Stab-Stab-Stab clan. Praglink, leader of the Riggella clan, had been invited, but he was busy practicing for an eye exam.
Kyril interpreted signs of emotion on the leaders' mug-shot expressions as though they were featured on tawdry celebrity gossip rags that were three-quarters full of advertisements. He chugged phlegm up his throat. "Gentlemen"—he nodded at the gray-skinned Cravinia—"and lady, though I still can't understand why you maintain that charade, you sledgehammer-jawed golem—we've put up with Asinine's crock long enough. Put up with his farcical crime gang. Put up with his public airings of that time he bludgeoned McDougall with a cricket bat even though we all know he's an air hockey fan. You see, now is the time to stop all that putting up with. The putting up with of him."
Kyril's pacing drew him to Cravinia, a member of the Logistican race, who knocked her nonsevered hand into his chest. "An inferior chooses to seek audience with a Logistican? Worlds will tear asunder, species will cease to exist." Her fortress-built physique almost bulled into Kyril. Her attitude declared, "Waste not my time." Her masculine bulk declared, "I inject myself with chemicals I should stay away from."
Amaranthia tried to pass her, but she blocked the ninja's path. Amaranthia gave an intolerant huff. "Stop being, like, such a total stooge?" She pulled a throwing star out of her cardinal-colored Gavino leather purse and exhibited it to Cravinia. Obsessed with name-brand products. Even her sword hung across her back in a maroon Kaliod's sheath. And if she once more mentioned her upcoming prom, Kyril would ring her obsessively True Skin–moisturized neck.
Cravinia begrudgingly sank into her chair, as Kyril stopped pacing, stood still, halted. He glanced at the others, all who had remained silent so far except McDougall, whose ravenous lip-smacking enveloped another haggis cracker. His plaid-stained beard never stopped bobbing. All that getup was a con: the goon was only one sixty-forth Scottish. "Everyone, the crime syndicates represented here today have tried for months to best the Bad Guys, but they have tried alone. Foolish, inadvisable, unwise. Here, today, aboard The Nemesis, I will create history. And not the kind of history that meanders around and people read about it and say, 'Oh, what a nice bit of history,' but the kind of history that kicks you in the tenders and makes no apologies."
"Being kicked in the tenders hurts, man." Bob, the gaunt Terran with frizzled hair, Bermuda shorts, and a constant blank expression, threw a hand into the air.
Lips around the table scowled at each other, teeth bared. Cravinia sizzled as if she wanted to spit bile at Kyril. "What arrogance for suggesting a superior such as me can be kicked in the tenders. The dead shall rise and eat the flesh of the living for such a comment." Uppity, unfriendly, antisocial. She also probably found shaving her back difficult.
Stabber engraved slits along his scarred Haralsian arms. Ultramarine slice marks showed on his teal wrists. The funny thing was he wasn't using a knife but a ridiculously long and yellowed fingernail.
"Dude, whoa, I think clouds are ambushin' your head." Bob leaned forward, gazing hypnotically with vein-cracked eyes. He pointed at Kyril but then became fixated on his own pale finger and waved it around loosely, giggling.
"Bob, shut up. And wear socks for once." Kyril resumed his shambling, his squared-off fingers scratching against his five-o'clock shadow. He didn't know if Amaranthia even followed. Or paid attention.
Phlegm built up in his throat again, but he spoke through it. "I'm here to suggest something you'll all find appealing. I've thought this through, scheming to unify us, to end our petty feud, to bring harmony among us. And, if you don't like it, I'm doing it, anyway, so crock off."
He spun at them, which caused Togron to lurch awkwardly for his firearm without using elbows. Togron's dry skin dusted the table in flakes. Bob stamped back with a peeling sandal and, in his drugged stupor, blurted something about feeling sound itself.
"If I may be so bold, gentlemen and pseudo-lady, I suggest this." He poked a finger into the air. "I would like our six crime families to merge into one." He cocked his head to Amaranthia. "How am—" Where was she? "Amaranthia, stop primping your hair. My back needs watching. Someone could backstab it...in the back."
Amaranthia haughtily rolled her eyes and tore herself away from her compact. With a hand, she puffed her exposed strawberry hair. "Well, duh, you grump? It's 'cause you're, like, such a total yawn?"
"This is foolish!" Cravinia opened her mouth so widely Kyril wondered if she were attempting to swallow his head. Her battle-tank build ballooned when she clouted the table with her remaining fist. She tensed her fingers on the table as if to throw it over. "Why should a Logistican such as me involve herself with you and your ridiculous alliance?"
"Because it offers you the chance to use deodorant. Just a suggestion.
"Think about this. Even you, Bob." Kyril whacked Bob across a pale cheek to rouse him. Futile, useless, fun. He slapped again.
Bob reeled back with a ventriloquist dummy's stare. "Whoa. I see motion."
"And it sees you. Imagine, everyone. Asinine has for too long been the laughingstock of the underworld, not only for his terrible obsession with Girl Pop Goregantua's last album. Yet, despite his idiocy, we still haven't crushed him. But guess what?"
Stabber knifed the air with a pastel blue arm. "We're smarter than he is!"
"We're s—" He leered at Stabber. "I didn't mean literally guess. Anyway, united, we won't be pinned under Asinine's oversized and ignorant thumb. Together, we will destroy him and his Bad Guy circus show. And perhaps his magic show, too. He had the army. He had the power. But a three-man crash-land-and-assault job on his space station in October dwindled his army to a fraction of their numbers. Last week, his space station's power core was destroyed, hurtling the station into parts unknown." Kyril smacked his fist into his palm. "Unknown until now. Bob here"—he indicated Bob, who twiddled his forefingers in front of his face and poked his eye—"has discovered the surveyors at the Magellan Station have plotted Asinine's station's trajectory. They know where it is and where it will be. Therefore, so will we. The Bad Guys are in a bad spot, everybody. Powerless, undermanned...located. Bob, as high as a kite, knows the entry codes Asinine typically uses to allow people to list themselves in the haunt controls he installs. Bob was one of Asinine's Mikazin underlings until, three years ago, Asinine threw him out for eating all the brownies."
"Who knew they were regular brownies?" Bob's bewildered voice cracked.
Kyril's vision glazed in reverie. "Our time is now. Asinine will pay for not including me in his alliance." He cleared the daze from his brain. "Uh, I mean, us. For not including us. This starship, The Nemesis, will be our headquarters."
With a growl, McDougall shifted his weight. His sporran jingled. It always jingled. His mouth opened and spilled out a wad of haggis and bread. "Ye bloomin' numpty, why would we use this midden vessel as our headquarters? It's got a screamin' rooster noggin on its bow. Would look better wit' a wee mermaid." He guffawed and looked around at the others, spraying haggis like a lawn sprinkler.
Kyril rapped a hand across his sporran. "I stole The Nemesis from that fried-chicken outfit, Tarred, Feathered, and Served. We just never removed the head." He pictured the metal rooster head that surrounded The Nemesis's cockpit area. He'd remove that stupid decoration one day.
"Aboot ye new amalgamation." McDougall stuffed another haggis hoagie into his crowded mouth and tipped his plaid sunglasses. "What do ye plan on namin' us?"
"Heh. A media name that strikes panic into the hearts of all who hear it: the Clan of Foul Wind Clan. Whoops. Wait, forget that last 'clan'—"
"The Clan of Foul Wind Clan?" Cravinia scoffed, the tectonic plates of her masculine abs quaking along their fault lines. "An inferior such as you will lead to the destruction of the known universe with such epic nonsense."
"Only one 'clan,' not two—"
In a shrill voice that sounded laced with helium, Togron tried the name on his orange, brittle lips. "The Clan of Foul Wind Clan." His voice creaked like two Styrofoam bricks rubbing together. "That media name sounds like a Boggle mishap. And, pray tell, what is your proposed plan to do away with the Bad Guys?"
"A plan? Already in place, in motion, initiated. I introduce to you Amaranthia, my assassin. Well, not my assassin. She's the assassin I hired. I mean..."
"Whatever, you gitch?" Amaranthia sassed. "Duh. If you're gonna lead crime..." She gave a snooty nod as airy as the bubblegum that stretched from her mouth and twisted around her index finger like a ring. Stomach coiling, spine twisting, intestine clenching.
Togron's lanky body leaned back against his chair. "Might I remind you that, when we defeat Asinine, the Good Guys will willingly replace him as our foes."
Kyril winked. "Amaranthia has been instructed to infiltrate both the Bad Guys' and Good Guys' space stations to abduct their leaders, Asinine and Legion. Left leaderless, those two factions won't stand against our clan of foul wind. Not that their paltry numbers can endure our immense army, but their hyperpeople might be a threat."
"And if I refuse your substandard proposition?" Cravinia said. "What then?"
"By refusing my substandard proposition, you will remain part of the opposition." Hey, that rhymed. "And in organized crime, like in organized business, opposition is crushed under my contemptuous heel." He stamped the steel floor and ground his heal on—crunch. He lifted his foot. Whoops. Cockroach. Wrong place, wrong time, little guy.
"Everyone, by the end of the day, we will destroy Asinine. And, with Asinine, we will destroy the Bad Guys themselves."
Togron raised a hand. "By the end of the day? Is that not a little—"
Kyril's timer dinged. Time had run out. Excellent, outstanding, superb. "Four minutes. Your thinking time has expired. Bob, begin the healing.
"So, everyone, do we have a deal?" He let his words sink in like a hook in the mouth of a lion. A monster hook, mind you, but the hook analogy fit like a round hole in a square peg. Or the other way around. Whatever.

To be continued, but not soon enough...
Appendix: Haunt Control User Manual (selected excerpt)
Thank you for choosing Letchtech Software Corporation for all your haunt-control needs. We are Stratus Cloud's leading developer of haunt control software and have been since yesterday or last Wednesday or so.
You have purchased Letchtech Home Dictator v18.1, build code 56190181. Please take note of this for all future and frequent support correspondence. Note that Letchtech support does not cover any of the following and more:
* Damage to household items
* Damage to property
* Damage to life and limb
* Damage to your self-respect
* Sheepdogs
Before you install your new haunt control
Your first step in enjoying Letchtech Home Dictator is to visit any of our affiliate establishments and retailers, a list of which can be found at the end of this user manual and which will be appended to every status message. Burger Wench offered us the most money to advertise its new Pig Sandwich, so that will be announced when Home Dictator both begins and ends the obeying of all commands. Lucky you.
A complete list of compatible haunt control modifiers ("mods") can be found in the appendix material, including Deaf-as-a-Doornail Grandmother, Antagonistic Military Sarge, and Drunk Beatnik.
What is a haunt control?
To define exactly what a haunt control is, first we must ponder our placement in the universe for some reason. For instructions on this, please consult your spiritual guide or your spiritual guide's spiritual guide. Or a shaman maybe. Incense may be involved.
After pondering, we continue. A haunt control is simply a piece of software that translates your voice commands to a latent-technology ("l-tech") device. It can materialize and dematerialize items saved in l-tech memory, activate and deactivate lights, change a room's temperature, order a pizza, or make monetary donations to your local Letchtech vendor.
Essentially, it is the software that allows your l-tech hardware to listen to and obey your instructions. Without it, there is no software that will send your bellyaching to your computer.
For further information on your l-tech device, please consult that device's user manual or your spiritual guide.
How to install your new haunt control
Without installation, all hope is lost, and you will never enjoy the rich and heavy-handed automation that comes with your haunt control.
With installation, however, your life opens up to a new level of domination.
Inserting software microchip
Begin by inserting Home Dictator's software microchip into your location's base computer. You may need to consult your location's floor plan to find its base computer. The base computer is usually located in the furnace room.
Once inserted, the base computer will then automatically download all information, software, and software updates into its processes. This will take no longer than eight fortnights, you would hope.
Once the download is complete, you will hear a soft klaxon at 124 decibels, the approximate volume of a medical transport siren. Note that this klaxon is soft because we said so. Covering your ears is unnecessary. There is nothing more pleasing than the soulful wails of an installation klaxon from your best friends, Letchtech Software Corporation.
Initializing Home Dictator: The SETTINGS Viewscreen
Your first verbal command should be, "Control, acknowledge. Open settings viewscreen." This will summon a 4'x2' viewscreen with which you can prepare and adjust the settings of your new favorite thing in life. The title bar on this viewscreen will read SETTINGS. If it does not, you either (a) have selected the wrong viewscreen, (b) have issued the wrong verbal command, or (c) are in serious trouble.
From the SETTINGS viewscreen, you can add allowable voiceprints and set permission levels so your kids don't check your online search history. Note that Letchtech support does not cover embarrassment.
For more information on settings and options, please see the section Settings and Options. You may have been able to figure that out yourself.
To close the SETTINGS viewscreen, issue the command, "Control acknowledge. Close settings viewscreen." To reopen this viewscreen, reissue the command, "Control acknowledge. Open settings viewscreen."
Settings and Options
From the Settings viewscreen, you can adjust most of Home Dictator's defaults, such as l-tech doors' preset vanishing ranges, default light levels, security protocols, and cooking temperatures. For a full list of adjustable settings, please load up the Settings viewscreen. Some options may be grayed out depending on your l-tech software or location. For instance, Volcano Shields will not be available in nations or on planets without volcanic activity, sucker. Just try to adjust your Volcano Shields. We dare you.
And that is all this manual is helping you with.
You are now the satisfied and eternally grateful owner of the Letchtech Home Dictator haunt control. Welcome to the Letchtech dynasty. Please, enjoy your new life of servitude and devotion to the Letchtech family of products. For support, please contact us at the following gabber callsigns:
Letchtech Tech Support: letchtech-support-technical
Letchtech Product Services: letchtech-support-for-whiners
We're pleased that you're pleased with the purchase of your new product. You are. Unbelievably so. Trust us on that.
That's the Letchtech guarantee.
Appendix: Brief Notes on Stratus Cloud
I'm sure at some point this series will get super-duper famous and widespread and take over everyone's book shelves. This is slated for next July. And when it happens, mark my words the question of where exactly and what exactly is Stratus Cloud will dominate office chitchat and gossip columns.
So let's cut that thread before it hits with a little section I would like to call "Your Guide to the Most Astonishing Book Series of All Time." But I didn't. I toned it down because I'm freaking humble and stuff.
Anyway, here's a little nutty bit of info about your favorite fictional setting.
Preface
Okay, a bit of preamble before we kick this info dump into high gear. I'm in no way a cosmologist or an astrologist or even a guy who sweeps the floors at NASA. I'm just some dude writing about a faraway, make-believe-fake-believe place. I'm fascinated with space, but I have the same Internet access as any other guy who's fascinated with space. So what I present here might not jive with the laws of physics, outer space, or everything we know about how existence works. Keep this in mind if you ever feel compelled to call me on something.
Terminology and Nameography
For those readers jumping into the series with this book, you might be unfamiliar with the cosmology of our neat little series here. So let's get to the crucial part of naming our setting.
Stratus Cloud is the IAGFFA galaxy, like our Milky Way. Within that, Renovodomus is the IAGFFA planetary system, like our creatively named Solar System. And within that, Genesis is the IAGFFA sun, like our...sun. Or Sun.
When you're naming things in your book, you don't take copious notes of all your options or everything that goes through your mind. There's no step-by-step process that you diligently jot down. Or at least that's true for me. So I don't remember what Renovodomus originally meant. It's been a number of years since I named it. I do recall digging around in Latin at the time and scooping out a few words here and there. From what I remember, Renovodomus is a fusing of two words, and it means something like renewed (renovó) home (domus), though I could be way off the mark. Essentially, "renovodomus" is a portmanteau meaning that this solar system is humanity's second home.
From where I got Stratus Cloud is a mystery as well. But let's take a quick detour. The name used to be Stratus East but was changed to Cloud before the publication of the first book.
I know what you're thinking. This is space. There is no east. You're right. Without going into too much of an explanation, orientations in space are arbitrary. There's no up, down, or left at the gas station. Space doesn't have a magnetic pole telling us which way is north. But we do need to orient ourselves when traveling in space, at least in IAGFFA. Humans have one system, but Trioxidillians, Virillians, Gharalgians, and other species might use a different system, some way of saying that Andromeda was "left of" or "right of" or "thataway from" the Milky Way. So I created one that used cardinal directions. And, somewhere along the way, the explanation got edited out, leaving me with no reason why someone would call something "east" in space. So now I had a galaxy with a name that made no sense.
I had to rename the galaxy. And quickly since I had a publishing deadline. I thought Stratus Cloud had a nice ring to it, and there are such things as interstellar clouds (buildups of gases, plasma, and other stuff), so the name stuck.
Now, I know a stratus is a type of cloud here on Earth, but the name is coincidental, and I didn't find out until after the first book was published. So IAGFFA's Stratus Cloud has nothing to do with Earth's, other than a shared name.
And Genesis? Again, the reasoning is lost. That star is not really a genesis of anything. Stars don't create planets. But that's the name of the star.
Where Is Stratus Cloud?
Ambiguously nowhere. And I'm keeping it that way. Stratus Cloud's position in the universe isn't defined. How far is it from Earth? It's eighty lengths away, and it would take you fourteen timespans to get there.
My vagueness is intentional. If I were to start defining distances and travel times between the Milky Way and Stratus Cloud, savvy brainiacs out there could pinpoint where in the universe it is. If I told you Stratus Cloud was 500 million light-years away, some would say it's the Cartwheel Galaxy (it exists). And then they'd start picking the series apart because, hey, the Cartwheel Galaxy is this big and it has that many planets, but Stratus Cloud is only this big and has only that many planets.
If I matched Stratus Cloud to the cosmology of an existing galaxy, and we ended up discovering an extra planet or some differing detail, then suddenly Stratus Cloud is inconsistent with the real universe. Not a big deal in a series that's bursting with make-believe impossibilities, mind you, but I just didn't want the hassle.
Right now, some of you are whipping out your fancy shmancy space calculators from their hip holsters and are punching in numbers, saying, "The series takes place seven thousand years in the future. So, with travel and contact and everything, the galaxy is at most seven thousand light-years away. Here are our possibilities." However, in science fiction, we can pass through wormholes and use faster-than-light travel and fold space and blah blah blah. Fiction offers so much science buffoonery that we still can't math out Stratus Cloud's location. So you can put them space calculators away now, smarty-pants.
Besides, seven thousand light-years is insanely close when we're talking about galaxies being neighbors. The Milky Way's next-door neighbor is the Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy, which is 42 thousand light-years out. A Canis Majorian would take at minimum 42 thousand years to swing by for dinner without wormholes or some other trick.
And isn't it way more fun not knowing any of this anyway? I made up an entire galaxy, and I could define it however I wanted.
Cosmology
What makes up Stratus Cloud? Lemme spill the beans on that.
There are six planets in Stratus Cloud. Gaia, Minerva, and Ceres are the inner planets, those that orbit closest to Genesis (and in that order). Then Stratus Cloud has an asteroid belt a little further out, much like we have in the Milky Way just past Mars. Outside that asteroid belt are the outer planets: Vesta, Heracles, and Cronus.
Five of Stratus Cloud's planets are terrestrial (made of rock, metals, and other suave substances). One, Cronus, is a gas giant, sort of like your uncle Stu. Of the terrestrial planets, only Gaia has its own atmosphere, but the other terrestrial planets have colonized domes that pump in atmospheres.
Just like our solar system, Stratus Cloud has possibly hundreds of dwarf planets, minor planets, moons, and comets, but let's not get into that. They haven't come up yet.
Except one moon has come up a lot: Station One. It's a manmade, moonsized satellite, and it orbits Gaia like a moon at a distance of 1.9 light-seconds. (As a frame of reference, our moon orbits Earth at a distance of 1.3 light-seconds.)
History Lesson
Since the dawn of time until 9108, what's happened in Stratus Cloud? Tons of things. But here's a brief history of it, in the point of view of us humans. Sorry, Terrans.
Before we left Earth, we established contact with other alien species, first on August 31, 2340, specifically Gharalgians. What took us so long? We were too busy with making cinematic universes and developing newer and more expensive phones. But in 2340, we realized for sure that there were intelligent civilizations out there. We discovered a whole other world—pun definitely intended—outside our own. So, enthused, we focused more into looking upward and outward. And traveling there. I'd like to think positively in saying we got our act together in time to save our planet and continue living here. So we weren't forced off our planet. We chose to explore.
We found Stratus Cloud and were its first settlers. This is why time is measured in Stratus Cloud in terms of days, minutes, hours, and seconds. We planted our flag here first. We called it. We arrived on February 19, 7410. Yeah, a specific date. Why not? Other species started popping in over the next three hundred years.
Laws passed, enabling us to start terraforming. Terraforming is a fancy name for a process that transforms a planet's atmosphere into something that can support life. Effectively, we wanted to turn a Mars into an Earth.
So, from July 18, 7411 to August 2, 7417, we terraformed Gaia. Does it really take only six years? I have no idea. I don't think anyone does since the technology doesn't exist yet.
While we were busy with Gaia, we passed laws to terraform Vesta next. So a few months after we finished with Gaia, we began constructing new terraforming stations, since the technology had improved and we burned out the ones we used on Gaia. We built eleven new stations for Vesta. The Bad Guys' space station was one of them, specifically paid for by Virillians.
Unfortunately Vesta's a bigger planet, and we miscalculated something. Money ran out before we could finish terraforming. Money makes the world go 'round and, likewise, money keeps the planets in Stratus Cloud orbiting. So the Vesta project was abandoned, leaving Gaia as the only rock with a natural atmosphere.
Time Measurements
But, hey, so if there are five planets we use as home now, how am I measuring days in a multiplanet society? Certainly, with different orbits, days are measured differently on different planets. After all, even here in our Solar System, a day on Earth is 23 hours, 56 minutes, and 4 seconds, while a day on Mars is 24 hours, 39 minutes, and 35 seconds. Likewise, our year is somewhere around 365 days, while on Mars it's a little short of 687 days. So what gives? I open every book with a time and date. How can four o'clock on Gaia coincide with four o'clock on Minerva ? And how can all these timestamps fall within our twenty-four-hour, sixty-minute, sixty-second limits? It's exceptionally convenient that a day on, say, Gaia, is exactly the same as a day on Vesta. Did we restart counting years? Or is July 19, 9108 a continuation of our count of time back on Earth?
Here's the explanation. Since we in the real world haven't contacted aliens yet, there's no real-world time conversion systems in place. We can convert, say, from dollars to pesos or from Celsius to Fahrenheit. But we've never had to convert from an Earth day to a Mars day in a social setting. There's no real-world experience for me to draw on to write a series that involves a multiplanet civilization. What I mean is I can't look to how we trade stocks or celebrate the same holidays between us and another planet.
So I had to make something up. Or...not?
Here's the cop-out. Since Terrans were the first settlers, as I said, we get to establish the time measurements used in Stratus Cloud. Other alien species have to get used to our measurement system.
That's why we use hours, minutes, and seconds, and that's why we divide our years into the same twelve months. We brought that with us from the Milky Way, and we match our time with back home. It's four o'clock on Earth, and so it's four o'clock in Stratus Cloud: on Gaia, on Minerva, everywhere. All planets, to avoid confusion, synchronize times like a covert-ops team synchronizes watches. Businesses might have different operating hours on different planets, but they all agree on when midnight comes (even if midnight isn't at night). A little more complicated than converting between time zones.
It might make things a little weird that Gaia might orbit with an eighteen-hour day and 400-day year but we still observe a twenty-four-hour day and a 365-day year. But that's how society operates.
It might not be realistic, but, in terms of storytelling, it's a tidy compromise that doesn't bog the plot down in needless detail gymnastics. And, like I said, there's no real-world example I can draw from, not until we make contact with Wookiees, Romulans, Kree, and People Who Don't Take Down Their Christmas Lights until June.
There You Have It
In case you wanted to know what universe is out there, or specifically what universe is in here, now you know. You can tell how Stratus Cloud measures up to the Milky Way and how Renovodomus measures up to the Solar System.
Astrologers and astrophysicists can poke a lot of holes in my explanation. I'm sure I got some things wrong—"Silly Liam, terraforming isn't possible from satellite stations," says the physicist—or even some inconsistencies—"You dolt, in book two, you told us Minerva has a twenty-hour day, but in book four, it's got a twenty-one-hour day," says the astute reader—but, hey, contradictions and inconsistencies are bound to come up. It's part of the game.
If you have any comments, let me know. I'd love to hear what you think about the IAGFFA cosmology or any detail you want to discuss. Shoot me an email at liamgibbs@inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com. Writers get lonely and love to hear what people think!
About History's Most Tragic Comic
Liam Gibbs knew he was destined to write at age four, when he authored a breathtaking account of a cow who ate grass. The bovine saga failed to catch the public's eye but earned the budding author parental acclaim. Since those early times, he's gone on to write the novella Not So Superpowered and humorous articles for various magazines.
A twenty-year veteran of the brutal world of hand-to-hand comic book fandom, Gibbs cut his teenage teeth on titles such as Spider-Man, X-Men, New Warriors, and other Marvel comics.
Gibbs graduated college with a degree in professional writing, which included classes on fiction writing and story structure. He lives on the balmy shores of Ottawa, Canada, where he relaxes by watching staggeringly awful horror and science fiction movies. A health and fitness nut, he shoots lasers from his eyes, uses the word exclusive incorrectly, and once wrestled an exclusive brontosaurus. True story.

Don't you dare fall for that smarmy smile!
I'M ON A MISSION...

…to get a kazillion book reviews.

If you enjoyed this book and want others to enjoy it too, please take a minute to review it online. Reviews are the #1 way to draw in new readers and keep the series going.

This book was written as an homage to the comic mythos, and I'd love it if more readers could find it.

And, hey, I'd love to hear what you thought. Let me know you reviewed it, and I'll check it out.

Two or three lines is cool, and it would mean the world to me.


Review the book my dog rated "good enough to chew up."

tiny.cc/iagffa6
FREE DOWNLOAD

I want to give you free stuff. For free even!

Join the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy army and get an exclusive, free story
you can't find anywhere else...just for signing up! How?
Mosey on over to tiny.cc/iagffa_army for all the details.

How awesome is that?



tiny.cc/iagffa_army
For updates and an inventory of what not to wear, visit me at my social-media haunts.

Keep tabs on the series at inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com
Like it on at tiny.cc/iagffa_facebook
Follow it on tiny.cc/iagffa_twitter
Make barnyard noises with it on tiny.cc/iagffa_linkedin
It's the only means you have of blaming me for the death of the electric car.

For the best tips and tricks on how to upset your mother, please review this book online, in newspapers, everywhere. Tell your friends, tell your enemies, tell everybody. Pass it on. The more exposure the series gets, the more its audience grows, the more you help an independent author, and the more you'll be forced to tell the proper authorities that the success of this series is all your fault.

For a list of review links, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com/series.php#id6.

