PRESS START TO CONTINUE
by Chad Descoteaux
Copyright Turtle Rocket Books 2021
Check out turtlerocketbooks.com for more sci-fi.
Somewhere in Rhode Island.
Sometime in the 90’s.
Bookish fourteen-year-old middle school student Lauren Craft was, as always, immersed in her studies. Having an assignment where the teacher said she could write about absolutely any subject she wanted to, she decided to pull all the books she had on her favorite subject.
Archeology.
Her fascination with the ancient Pharaohs and hieroglyphics fueled the way she worked on this report. She blocked out every semblance of noise from the outside world as she scribbled down a rough draft of her report with a pencil. She blocked out the noise her brother Matt was making, in his bedroom, playing (and debating) video games (and video game history) with a visiting friend named George.
“See, that’s one thing Mind-Bend-O has that the Game Station and the Dream Cube never will,” Matt said to his friend, game controller in hand. “The focus on fun.  They’ll make a game that looks like it was made for a three-year-old and sucker older gamers into playing it because the game play is on point and it’s so stinkin’ fun!”
“I don’t mind games that have a gritty feel to them, but a lot of games that have adult content have little or no substance,” George said, eating Cracker Jacks while waiting his turn.  “The gory stuff is a marketing ploy to shock people and sell the game, but there’s no ‘replay value.’ Heck, I still play Trash Man every once in a while. Just because something is old, doesn’t mean it’s worthless.”
“That’s why they still have these big international Mule Kong tournaments for Billy Mitchell to cheat at,” Matt replied, making George guffaw. “I’m glad the old characters and franchises are still around. Tempo the Hamster. Super Pedro Brothers. Brain-Sucking Jellyfish Prime.”
Lauren’s concentration was broken by the mouth-watering aroma of her mother’s cooking, as it filtered in from downstairs. It only took a few seconds for her mother to yell upstairs, “Dinner is ready!”
The entire upper floor of the Craft family house shook when both Matt and George ran across the floor and through Matt’s bedroom door, playfully pushing each other out of the way, trying to get to the kitchen first. Matt rudely pushed his sister out of the way, shouting, “Out of the way, Nerdzilla!”
Lauren wrapped her hand around Matt’s ankle as he was running, tripping him and then kneeling on him as he lay on his stomach. Lauren pressed her knee down hard in the middle of Matt’s back as he let out a scream, banging his fists on the floor and screaming for George to help him.
George tried to hit Lauren with a pillow. Lauren grabbed the pillow and pulled George towards her, grabbing yet another pillow and pounding him in the face with it over and over again. George laughed until he hiccupped. It was only Mom’s voice, yelling, “What’s going on up there?” that broke up this incredibly one-sided pillow fight.
During dinner, Matt and George told Matt’s parents about a contest being put on by the Mind-Bend-O game company. It was advertised in the latest issue of the video game magazine, Sore Thumbs. “Basically, all the kids who have the new Smash Crocodile game save their progress on memory cards and send the high scores in to the company,” Matt explained to his dad. “The winner gets to be the first to try the new Virtual Mind-Bend-O HELMET!!!”
“It’s this helmet where the screen covers your eyes and it makes you feel like you’re really inside the game,” George mansplained to Lauren as she looked down at her food, avoiding eye contact.
“I’ve been reading a lot about Mind-Bend-O in the financial pages,” Matt’s dad chimed in as his wife placed a plate of fried chicken in the middle of the table. “They bought out a lot of other video game companies recently.”
“Yeah,” Matt replied. “I heard about that.  Game Station and Dream Cube are just going to be game developers for Mind-Bend-O. They won’t have home consoles of their own.”
“How cool is that?” George said. “They’ll have all the best characters on one system.”
“So, honey,” Dad turned his attention to his studious daughter. “How is your report coming?”
“Great, Dad!” Lauren replied, nodding before stabbing a leg of chicken with her fork. “Easiest A I ever got!”
The Corporate Offices of the Mind-Bend-O Video Game Company.
Flipping through the financial pages, the president of the Mind-Bend-O Company smiled at how high his stock had risen since the last time he checked it. “This contest is the best idea that has ever emerged from the bowels of the video game industry!” a bold Burgess Langley stated with an enormous grin on his face, surrounded by well-dressed executives who strangely had no pupils in their eyes. “And I will gladly take credit for it…because the person who actually came up with the idea has been paid handsomely.”
With that, all the executives mindlessly applauded their unquestioned lord and master. Someone passed out cigars. Little did Burgess Langley know that one of his executives was, in fact, a spy with white contact lenses, working for the F.B.I. A small transmitter hidden in the chandelier above Mr. Langley’s desk transmitted every word to a van parked outside a local ice cream parlor.
Inside this van, three F.B.I. agents recorded this board meeting. “We have anything incriminating yet?” asked one agent, James Caprice.
“Naw,” replied a second agent, a balding man with headphones. “He hasn’t mentioned the old guy. Not yet.” Caprice picked up an envelope and removed two or three snapshots of Mind-Bend-O President Langley meeting in Central Park in New York City with a man who was very close to the top of the F.B.I.’s most wanted list. 
He was an elderly, wild-eyed scientist with a curly, untamable mane whose real name was only known by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. His associates knew him as Mitochondria.
“Weird looking dude, huh?” Caprice remarked to the third agent in the van, a graying blond man named Agent Branch who chuckled at this scientist’s name. “Mitochondria.”
Caprice remembers receiving his briefing. It was Agent Michael Branch who clued Caprice in on exactly who this guy was and how dangerous he was to the safety of the world. “He used to work for the United States Military, back when they were experimenting with performance enhancers, steroid derivatives designed to give soldiers more strength and durability,” Caprice had told them. “When one of his experiments went horribly wrong and resulted in the deaths of three American soldiers, Mitochondria was dismissed and the entire program was shut down. He should have been tried for murder, especially considering he was a cannibal who ate the three American soldiers who died. But his dismissal was all part of a massive cover-up to hide the experiment from the press, the public and the victims’ families.”
Caprice remembers going to a funeral service, complete with a gun salute, for a group of soldiers he believed were attacked by terrorists overseas. He remembers seeing their families, their wives and children there, mourning the death of their loved ones. “Since then, Mitochondria has been seen selling the performance enhancement formulas to terrorist groups and spying enemies of this nation. Your job is to find out what Burgess Langley, the president of the world’s largest video game company, wants with him.”
Caprice slid the photographs back into the envelope as his two partners continued to monitor the activities of this wealthy suspect. Agent Caprice eavesdropped on a conversation Burgess Langley was having with one of his advertising executives, a man named Jake Poirier. “Look, I know a lot of these social justice groups are overly sensitive, but I really think we should make a few adjustments to some of our more stereotypical characters, just so we don’t get any bad press,” Jake said.
“You’re paranoid, Jake,” Burgess replied. “First of all, the kids hate it when you take characters they love and change things.  Grown nerds too.  Second of all, there’s nothing racially insensitive about any of the characters in our games.”
“What about the Super Pedro Brothers?”
“What about them?”
“Well, first of all, for a pair of Hispanic plumbers, they have pretty stereotypical Hispanic names. Pedro Pedro and Hector Pedro.”
“Are you suggesting that we take the most marketable video game characters that we now own and change their names?”
“No! No, but I was thinking that maybe we could rename one of the little monsters that they tend to fight on a regular basis or maybe even exclude him from the next game.”
“Which one?” asked Burgess.
“Y’know that little brown monster that kind of looks like a cross between an owl and a mushroom? The first enemy that you face in the very first ‘Super Pedro Brothers’ game.”
“Essays?” Burgess didn’t seem to see the problem, but Jake was incensed,
“See? That is racist!” Jake couldn’t help but shout, “I mean, that would be like coming out with a video game where the two plumbers were, let’s say Italian…and you give them the most stereotypical Italian names in the world like…Mario and Luigi…and then you name one of their enemies Goombas! It’s horribly insulting!”
Burgess stroked his chin and gave Jake a look. “I have no idea what you’re saying to me right now!”
An Old Abandoned Warehouse on the North Froggah Docks
702 East Cubert St.
A silent and lone warrior rode his motorcycle up a winding road and parked it in the bushes outside this warehouse. He hopped off the bike and pulled two large handguns off his belt, cocking them with tattooed thumbs.
Armed guards patrolled the area with high-powered rifles. This leather-clad cyclist suddenly came out of nowhere, sneaking up behind the guards and pistol-whipping the first one. That guard went down quickly and the intruder pressed the barrel of this gun against the chest of the second guard. He squeezed the trigger and laser bolts were fired. Concentrated blasts of pink light went off and the second guard hit the ground.
A few seconds after these guards hit the ground, they faded away. Their images, their bodies and the stain of blood on the ground flickered away, flashing before vanishing into thin air. The intruder snarled with a curl of his lip, twirling his gun on his finger and muttering under his breath. “Game over!”
Inside, many different kinds of strange mutants were working very hard to move boxes from here to there, to take the contents of those boxes and process them in a prompt and orderly fashion. The boxes contained small pills, small illegal pills that would soon be sold on the streets for a lot of money. A loud noise disrupted the otherwise quiet workplace when the door to the warehouse was kicked open by the spikey haired intruder, a bounty hunter by the name of Nuke Blaster. “You are all under arrest!” shouted Nuke, firing a few warning shots into the chest of a junkie passed out on the floor.
It was just then that all the workers started to hide. They scrambled under the tables as doors from all over the facility flew open, bringing Nuke face to face with more armed guards. Laser blasts were fired in his general direction as Nuke started running. He fired a few shots from his own gun before diving behind a pile of crates.
“What is he doing here?” Nuke heard one of the guards say as he was reloading his gun, pulling additional ammunition off his belt. Laser blasts punched holes in the crates and guards dropped to the floor, only to disappear in a flash of pink light a few seconds later. 
Nuke curled his lip once again and started talking to himself in a really bad Elvis/Sylvester Stallone impression. “I’m taking out the garbage!” he said in his forced, macho, deep voice before blowing smoke off of his laser handguns.
“Interesting choice of words, Nuke Blaster!” said a voice from above. Nuke looked up. There was a walking, talking two-foot-tall trash bag with arms and legs standing on the catwalk above him. The bounty hunter and this mythical drug lord had crossed paths many times before. It seemed strange to Nuke that this trash bag creature was now wearing lipstick and a pink bow tying the top of their bag together. “Trash Man!” Nuke exclaimed.
“It’s Miss Trash Man to you, freak!” exclaimed the angry trash bag.  “Don’t you misgender me!”
“Your days of gobbling Vicodin pills and chasing imaginary ghosts are over!” Nuke said. “You’re under arrest for trafficking an illegal substance!”
Miss Trash Man started to laugh. Nuke lifted his gun to eye level with the intention of firing a laser shot at this strange criminal. But Nuke was distracted when something zipped by his head. It was a swiftly moving creature. It looked like the head of a Venus Fly Trap, attached to a long vine. This creature’s fang-filled jaws snapped twice and let out a snarl.
Nuke followed the long vine to see that it was coming from the hand of a green clad, masked ninja. This ninja was crouched down on one knee in a relaxed and ready position. This ninja, who called himself Earwig, retracted this vine into a small incision in his hand before jumping forward and delivering a kick to Nuke Blaster’s mid-section that sent him tumbling against another pile of crates.
By that time, Miss Trash Man was out of sight. She had run away through the nearest exit. Nuke’s gun bounced away from him as he blocked the brutal onslaught of this martial arts expert with expert skill of his own. Earwig was knocked backwards by a well-placed head butt that gave the ninja a headache…and Nuke a cheap laugh. A kick to the mid-section knocked Earwig backwards as Nuke tried to run away from this distracting ninja to pursue the fleeing drug lord.
Nuke picked up his fallen gun and tried to climb a ladder to the catwalk Miss Trash Man had been taunting him from. Earwig held up his hand and released that Venus Fly Trap head once again. The teeth were chomping as it flew through the air in Nuke’s general direction. “Move this way!” screamed Earwig as the Venus Fly Trap missed Nuke by an inch.
Nuke tried to shoot it, but kept missing as the vine wiggled back and forth, finally going back to Earwig. Earwig bent both knees, fully preparing to leap up to the catwalk Nuke found himself on, thirty-five feet above. “Move down this way!” he shouted as he leapt higher than was humanly possible and landed on the catwalk.
Falling backwards and shattering another crate after yet another lightning fast kick from Earwig, Nuke landed on something round and metal, something that hurt his back like crazy when he landed on it. Earwig released the little plant friend that lived inside his arm and that plant head let out a shriek as its jaws snapped open and shut. “Move this way!” Earwig shouted once again as Nuke held out the grenade he landed on, so that the plant head bit down on it, hard.
Nuke grabbed the plant head in such a way that it could not let go of the grenade even if it wanted to. Nuke was holding those jaws shut. He pulled the pin out and ran towards Earwig. Earwig attacked promptly, realizing what Nuke was planning. Earwig was quickly shot in the chest by two laser blasts from Nuke’s gun. The ninja dropped to his knees and Nuke wrapped the vine around his neck, securing the grenade to Earwig’s throat as he gagged.
Nuke ran outside of the warehouse, hoping to catch Miss Trash Man. He heard the grenade explode. Charred leaves and branches flew in any and all directions, instead of blood and bone when Earwig exploded, for he was a ninja who was not human.
Nuke felt a ferocious wind when he kicked open the door and came outside brandishing his guns. He saw the lipstick-wearing trash bag climbing into a helicopter. Nuke fired one shot that hit the villain’s leg. The trash bag slumped to the ground. Nuke ran over and kicked her. Miss Trash Man let out a shriek as Nuke grabbed her by the pink bow on the top of her head, lifting her off of her feet. “You’re under arrest!” Nuke shouted. “You pill popping freak!”
“No!” cried Miss Trash Man, kicking her feet as a pink pump dropped. “You can’t! I am doing this for the good of all mankind!” Miss Trash Man was punched in the face by Nuke and ordered to “Shut up!” and to “Shut your stupid face!”
When Miss Trash Man was being dragged away by a bounty hunter who was more than anxious for his $10,000 reward, the garbage bag mumbled under her breath, “The big ones keep the ghosts away!” A tear trickled down her cheek. “The big ones…keep the ghosts…AWAY!!!”
Lauren’s Junior High School Homeroom.
“So, basically, they let you study whatever you want?” one of Lauren’s schoolmates replied as Lauren told tales of a high school she wanted to attend next year. “Sounds too good to be true. What kind of a school is that?”
“It’s a school that allows kids to specialize in one specific area of study instead of the excessive focus on more generalized subjects. It’s for kids who already have an adult level in their reading and math skills and who know what they want to focus on.”
“What do you want to study?” asked another student, a chunky teenager with a picture of Chewbacca on his T-shirt.
“Archeology,” Lauren replied, lifting up the book she had been reading about the Egyptian pyramids and the Pharaohs they had been constructed for.
“You want to dig up mummies?” asked a young lady with multi-colored bows in her pigtails. She made a face. She was confused as to why anyone would wanna do that.
“Yeah,” Lauren replied. “These pyramids, they’re like giant puzzles, like a giant Rubix cube with a point on top. There are all these hidden rooms and things in them that the ancient Egyptians believed would assist the dead Pharaoh in the afterlife.”
“Dude, I’ve seen The Scorpion King, like fifteen times,” said the kid with the Chewbacca shirt. “That chick was killer!”
“Is that the one who played Yuriko in the X-Men movie?”
“Yeah,” was the reply. “Kelly Hu.”
At that moment, the bell rang and students flooded into the hallways to attend their first class. Lauren stopped in front of the biology class she was scheduled to be in and looked over her shoulder. She watched the kid with the Chewie shirt wrap his gym sweatpants around his face. He started walking like a mummy from some classic horror film. He stomped around with his arms outstretched and his legs straight. The noise he made sounded a more like the howl of a Wookiee than the moan of a mummy, but all his friends got the idea and started laughing nonetheless.
Seeing a class clown do an impression of a mummy would not have been so bad if it were not for the comments she heard afterwards. “What a nerd! I hope she gets eaten by a werewolf!”
“There are no werewolves in Egypt!”
“Oh, you are such a nerd too!”
Lauren, upset at the way she was being mocked, walked into her first period class with a frown on her face. “Dude, mummies don’t howl like that!” Lauren heard someone say. “They moan! That was Chewbacca, dude!”
Some snobby girl from the cheerleading squad callously pushed Lauren out of the way just then, walking into the classroom and barking, “Out of the way, brain queen!”
Rolling her eyes, Lauren mumbled to herself one honest phrase. “God, I can’t wait to get out of this school!”
The 1 Up Café.
For Pedro Pedro’s younger brother Hector Pedro, this was a place where everybody knew his name, for he was the bartender. It was Friday night, so before he knew it, the entire place was filled and Hector was very busy filling drink orders. Hector was pleasantly surprised to see his older brother Pedro walking into the bar room just then, with his arm in a sling. “I thought you weren’t coming, Holmes,” Hector said to Pedro.
“I just sprained my arm, little brother,” Pedro said, sitting on the barstool next to Tempo the spikey-haired hamster, who was drinking a nice frosty mug of beer. “I’m fine.”
“Hey, Pedro,” Tempo said, lifting his glass to the plumber. “Good race today.”
“Thank you,” Pedro said as his brother slid a beer in front of him. “You fuzzy gloating freak!”
“Ha!” Tempo laughed, sensing Pedro’s annoyance.  Two hours prior, they were both involved in a rocket go-cart race, one that Tempo won without a go-cart, simply by outrunning the vehicles. He outran eleven go-karts, not to mention the snail shells, lightning bolts and bombs the other racers threw at him. Tempo had since replaced his red running shoes, but Pedro saw what they looked like after the hamster skidded to a stop from 400 MPH. They were torn to shreds.  “Don’t hate the player,” Tempo quipped, winking at Pedro.  “Hate the game.”
Looking up, Pedro watched a news report on the television. It showed footage of a group of protestors standing outside the office of the Mayor of Pixel City. The Mayor, Corkscrew Droidnik, was taking some heat for legalizing bounty hunting in the city of Pixel. “This city has a great tradition of law enforcement,” voiced one of the protestors, who put down his sign long enough to speak with the media. “This law undermines all of the great, properly trained men and women who put their lives on the line every day! Not to mention that the acts performed by these bounty hunters, if performed by cops, would be considered police brutality and the Mayor cannot allow these men to strip citizens of their rights.” A bruised and battered Miss Trash Man spoke into the camera just then, but was too emotional to actually speak without bursting into tears and hiding her face behind her hands.
“Times have changed, my friend,” Pedro stated to his brother. “There was a time when you and I could travel to a faraway land, save a princess and end up on the front page of the Pixel Times, billed as ‘gentleman heroes’…the Super Pedro Brothers. Today, that would be considered vigilantism and we would be hounded by immeasurable media scrutiny.”
“You and I are not as powerful as we used to be,” Hector replied. “I don’t care how many Flame Daisies, Super Shrooms or Platypus Leaves we might have. We couldn’t go on the missions we used to. I don’t care what the danger. It’s better the younger generation take over.” 
“Yeah, but you heard what these bounty hunters are doing to the perpetrators,” Pedro said. “Back in our day, we at least had respect for the established authorities and even the villains we battled…if you wanna be a hero, you gotta have respect. You gotta set an example. You can’t just immerse yourself in crude innuendo and senseless violence.”
With that, the door to the bar opened and in came Nuke Blaster, the spikey-haired biker who had apprehended Trash Man the day before. “Nuke Blaster!” Tempo sped over to him and shook his hand so fast that Nuke’s whole body, muscular as it was, wobbled back and forth. “Great to see you, old buddy, old pal! How’s it going?”
“Um, okay, I guess,” Nuke said, massaging his own hand. With that, Nuke’s attention was averted as a beautiful blonde in a form-fitting leopard skin dress strutted past him. “Hey, gorgeous!” Nuke said, cocking his head back and forth and taking off his shades. “If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?” A horrified look came over this woman’s face and she slapped Nuke in the mouth, walking away with a huff and a puff. A second beautiful lady walked by. Nuke smiled, stuck his thumb in his vest and said, “Hey, girl! This is lizard skin. I can tell you how much you weigh. All you gotta do is jump on my scales!” Another horrified woman slapped Nuke Blaster in the face and walked away. A third woman walked by and gave Nuke a dirty look. He smiled at her and she slapped him in the face just to make sure he didn’t say anything stupid.
The Kingdom of Rygel.
Normally very cocky and arrogant, there were certain times when vampire hunter Simon Waldorf was “all-business.”
Lightning crackled, flashed through windows and illuminated the castle Simon was trudging through. Normally working alone, this time Simon was accompanied by a small elf named Imp, wielding a long sword in one hand and a torch in the other. “The entrance to the labyrinth should be around here somewhere,” whispered the elf as Simon looked at the torn map a kindly old man back in the village had given him.
Imp remembers waking up from sleep with an incessant voice screaming at him, from inside his head. He was dreaming about the princess, about the many times they played together as children and the few times he visited her in her hovering golden palace. “Please help me!” Imp heard the princess shout. “I have been captured by an enemy!” All Imp saw during his dream was his memories of Princess Pixie when she was younger, but he also heard her screams.
It was only when Imp traveled to the village square to acquire his weekly portion of food from the merchants that he heard the news. Princess Pixie had indeed been captured and he believed his “dream” to be the princess trying to contact him telepathically. Now, Imp found himself inside of a spooky bat-infested castle. The torch Simon was holding illuminated a series of strange symbols, carved into the wall. “That!” Imp exclaimed. “That is the language of the ancients, who resided in this land before the Bleak Times. Father taught it to me when I was but a boy.”
“He did?” Simon scratched his head. “Why?”
“He could foresee that such knowledge would be useful to me,” Imp replied, nodding thoughtfully. “One of the decided advantages of having a father who is immortal.”
“Yeah, well, Super Dwarfio,” Simon replied, rolling his eyes, “I think your princess is in another castle.” Imp squinted a bit, trying to decipher these symbols while poking around at the bricks that made up this wall. One of the bricks was pushed inward and the entire wall slid open, revealing a staircase. Imp smiled at Simon with a sense of pride before pushing his way through a wall of cobwebs, down these stairs. “Remind me to thank your dad, kid,” Simon remarked, following him.
“Wow!” Imp seemed very impressed by the weird symbols that lined the walls in this underground cavern. “These are the symbols of the ancients. The language of the people who resided here when the Gauntlet of Power was being forged.” 
“Do we even know who this guy is?” Simon asked. “The guy who stole the gauntlet and this princess of yours?”
“No, he is new to these lands,” Imp replied, poking his head around a corner. There, he saw the Princess, sitting in a considerably cramped bamboo bird cage with her knees folded up to her chest. This cage was hanging by a chain over a considerable fall and a steaming pit of lava.
Even under the faint torchlight, Princess Pixie recognized the face of the lovable Imp. “It’s you!” she exclaimed. “You’ve come to rescue me!”
“M’lady,” Imp bowed respectfully on one knee as Simon Waldorf introduced himself. Imp looked down at the bracelet he was wearing. Peering into this bracelet and the small mirror that was part of it, he could see all the items he had collected during the course of his journey. A few bombs flickered past this screen as well as a boomerang, a red potion and a few fire-hurling candles.
Imp focused his attention on a claw with four prongs at the end of a chain. Flipping his wrist, that claw popped out of the bracelet and into his hand. Imp twirled the climbing claw around his person before throwing it. The claw attached to the chain that allowed the cage to dangle where it was. Imp swung over the cliff and started to climb the chain up to the cage. 
Simon heard a noise to his left, a rock that was kicked by someone or something. He saw shadows of creatures around the corner, hunchback creatures who snarled and scratched the walls of their cave with sharp talons. Simon pulled out his whip and unrolled it. He cracked that whip when the first of these hideous, drooling creatures emerged from the darkness.
Imp was almost to the cage when he saw his partner being attacked, decapitating these ferocious little beasts, one by one, with crack after crack of his whip. Princess Pixie could hear the buckling of the chain that was holding her cage over the lava pit. She poked her head out of the cage for a second and let out a shriek. “It’s gonna fall!” 
Pixie looked down and saw that Imp was holding a red potion in his hand. He instructed her to “catch it” and gently tossed it up to her. “Pour that potion on the lock!” he shouted. Pixie pulled the cork out of the bottle’s neck and did just that. In a puff of smoke, the entire door disappeared. “Climb down the chain to me!” Imp shouted. Pixie grabbed onto the chain with the claw at the end of it and started to slide down. The chain holding the cage buckled more and more.
Once Pixie slid down to where Imp was, she grabbed on to him, hugging him close. Imp reached up and grabbed the bottom of the cage so he could retract his chain claw. Simon had just finished killing the last of the monsters when he watched in horror as the cage fell with the first snap of a rusty chain link. Imp and Pixie were plummeting towards the steaming pool of lava. 
Holding the end of his whip, Simon tossed the handle into the lava. Imp could see this whip handle rolling towards him and reached out for it. He caught it and his fall came to an abrupt halt. Imp found himself hanging from the whip with the princess hanging from him. Simon now needed the strength to pull his friend and the princess out of the lava pit.
He quickly reached into his belt and tossed small green pods onto the ground before grabbing onto the whip with both hands once again. Simon’s feet were sliding around in the dirt, closer and closer to the steep cliff and the lava pit in front of him. The pods sank into the ground and resulted in three complete skeletons emerging, climbing up and dusting themselves off before grabbing the whip. These skeletons were more than strong enough to assist Simon in pulling his friends to safety. When this task was completed, these skeletons were more than happy to sink back into the ground, never to return again.
“Very clever!” said an unfamiliar voice. Simon looked up to see a tall man wearing a red and green suit of armor that included a black “control pad”/cross emblem on his chest and a big, oversized helmet. “You have rescued the Princess, but you will not be able to stop me!” 
“Who are you?” Imp shouted what Simon was thinking. 
Holding his arms out and lifting himself high into the air, his cape flapping behind him, this new villain started to laugh as he went higher and higher. Before escaping through a hole in the top of the cave, he announced his identity to both heroes. “I am…The Controller!”
***
Lauren was on pins and needles, pacing back and forth at half past nine o’clock in the morning. She looked at her watch. The mailman was late. A knock at the front door resulted in Lauren bolting across the kitchen floor, sliding across the hallway in her socks and throwing open the door. She saw a man and a woman. They were both dressed in business suits. The man was carrying a big bouquet of balloons and the lady was carrying a wooden crate. Lauren wondered, just for a second, why Jehovah’s Witnesses would be carrying a cluster of balloons…or a wooden crate instead of a Bible.
“Excuse me,” the man said. “I am looking for a Matthew Craft.” Matt rudely pushed his sister out of the way and started speaking to the man, who introduced himself as Burgess Langley. Mr. Langley immediately congratulated Matt for being the “grand prize winner” of the “brand new Mind-Bend-O helmet!!!”
The executives from Mind-Bend-O were invited into the house by Matt and Lauren’s parents. Pictures were taken of Burgess and the winner for the cover of their trademark gaming magazine, Mind-Bender Power. Matt held up the new helmet proudly, eager to plug it in and try it out.
“Congratulations again, kid,” said Burgess with a smirk. “You’re a born game master!”
It was only after Mr. Langley and his associate were exiting the premises that the mailman came. Lo and behold, he had in his hand a letter from Lauren’s professional school.
Lauren snatched the letter away from the surprised mailman. She ran across the floor, screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to open the letter with her shaky, nervous hands. She ripped the envelope open and plucked the letter out, jumping up and down as she started to read.
“Dear Miss Craft, we regret to inform you…”
Meanwhile, Matt was upstairs with his new virtual reality helmet on, peering into the visor screen. He guided the main character in a video game called ‘The Legend of Pixie’ across a desert landscape on a pegasus in full 3-D. He tapped a button on the controller that allowed his perspective to change so his character was looking down at himself, at his clothes and the weapons he had fastened to his belt. He marveled at the realism of the graphics, the remarkable attention to detail in the design. “Wow! George is gonna love playing with this thing!” Matt exclaimed before a brief pause. “Later.”
Matt tapped buttons that allowed his main character to fire laser bolts out of the sword he was wielding. Suddenly, two bat-winged skeletons dropped out of the sky and started hacking at Matt with pickaxes. The skeletons managed to hit him once before he defeated them. Since he was no longer at full power, Matt could no longer fire laser bolts out of his sword, but that did not change the fact that the main character in this game, an elf named Imp, was a master swordsman.
Matt’s eyes were covered by the visor and his ears were blocked with headphones that piped video game techno music into his head. He was completely sealed from the outside world, which is why he had no idea that his sister was crying in the other room, sobbing into her pillows as her brother made it deeper and deeper into a world of monstrous villains, mazes and puzzles.
The next day, Lauren gently tapped on the doorframe of her brother’s room when he was playing video games. “Hey…” she greeted him.
“Hey,” Matt replied.
“How come you don’t have your helmet on?” Lauren asked. 
“The instructions say not to wear it for too long,” Matt replied. “The flashing lights mess with your eyes. I don’t have epilepsy or anything, but still…”
“Ah,” Lauren replied. 
“Can I try it?”
“But you hate video games.” 
“I know, but I wanna at least try the whole virtual reality thing,” Lauren replied. “Seems cool. I wanna at least say I tried it.” 
“Remember the last time you tried to play video games?” Matt started to laugh. 
“Yeah,” Lauren chuckled. “Whenever I couldn’t figure out what button to push, I tried to make Pedro jump by moving the controller up and down, like that was going to help.”
“Don’t feel bad,” Matt replied. “I know a few guys whose sisters did that when they first started gaming.”
“Maybe someday, they’ll add motion controls to video games so that kind of thing will work,” Lauren mused, waving her arm up and down.  “Weeee!”
“Wave of the future,” Matt said, picking up the VR helmet and handing it to his sister. “You wanna give it a shot?”
Lauren took the helmet and sat down next to her brother. Matt opened a case and moved his fingers through many game cartridges. He had 47 in his collection, plus two he had borrowed from friends. “Let’s see…we want something that has an adjustable difficulty setting, for a first time or novice gamer…not too much blood and guts…” 
“Have anything with a female main character?” Lauren asked.
“Something for the feminist gamer,” Matt said, stroking his chin before plucking one specific game out of the case. “Here we go…”
Lauren looked at the case the cartridge came in and saw a superhero character, wearing a thick space suit and shooting something with a blaster. “This is a girl?”
“Yeah,” Matt said, putting the cartridge into the machine and handing his sister the controller. “See how they carved little boobs into her space suit? That’s how you know she’s a girl. Her name is Shin Zaius.”
Matt gave Lauren a quick rundown of what button did what and with that, she put on the helmet and found herself running across a spaceship that was, in fact, a living organism. Poisonous monsters dripped from the ceiling as the walls moved each and every time this techno-organic monster breathed. Lauren shot each and every monster that came her way with her plasma cannon…and remarkably-accurate precision.
“Just remember that most video games have a number of friendly characters that either teach you new things or give you useful items,” Matt told his sister. “Video games are unlike real life in that children talking to strangers and taking things from them is a good thing. Just talk to every miscellaneous character you meet and you should do all right.” 
It was a way for Lauren to release the anger she was feeling at what she considered her life’s most crippling failure. Only a half an hour of playing video games, blasting monsters to bits and she was hooked, returning to her brother’s room to play video games with him on a fairly regular basis.
Then she found out about “cheat codes,” sequences of button and joystick combinations that resulted in the game being altered for the increased advantage or challenge of the individual player. These “cheat codes” were built into the game for the sole purpose of keeping video game magazines like Sore Thumbs and Mind-Bender Power in business.
Nevertheless, some of them made the games more fun and they only solidified the new addiction of young Lauren Craft. 
Two Months Later.
Matt and Lauren’s dad, Edward Craft, was sitting down for a late supper after a long day at work. The rest of the family had already eaten and he was sitting down for a nice, juicy burger and an opportunity to look through his mail. The report cards for both his son and his daughter came in the mail that day. 
Edward looked at Matt’s report card first, hoping to get the bad news over with. Matt’s grades were the same. He was passing by the skin of his teeth in every subject except for art, gym and wood shop. Edward opened Lauren’s report card and got a very big surprise. There were quite a few B’s…and C’s…on this report card, a marked decline from Lauren’s strict regimen of straight A’s, A plusses (and an A minus in gym).
Edward showed this report card to his wife, Lisa and she was understandably surprised…particularly by the teachers’ comments about a decrease in effort and a lack of attention being paid during class. At this point, Lauren and Matt were once again playing video games together in Matt’s room. “I’ll talk to her,” Edward told his wife.
“Wow!” Matt’s friend George marveled at the skill Lauren Craft possessed when she wielded a light gun from across the room, leaning over a couch and aiming at the television. She was playing a game called Snarf Hunter and hitting each and every target (cute little furry snarfs) with pinpoint accuracy. “You nailed every one! And from across the room too.”
“Most kids cheat at this game by getting two inches away from the screen,” Matt told her. “I do that and I never gotten this far!”
“I hate those people who try to say that playing video games teaches kids how to use real guns,” George randomly blurted out a strong opinion. “I’ve fired a real gun before…it’s like an explosion going off in your hand. It takes a lot of practice and upper body strength to aim. No way holding a plastic gun that clicks when you pull the trigger is anywhere close.”
“What’s the point of this game anyway?” Lauren asked. “Like what’s the storyline?  Why am I shooting these snarfs?”
“They’re vermin. They carry disease,” Matt replied. “Your character works in big city sanitation.”
“Gotcha,” Lauren replied, shooting a snarf right between the eyes. “They’re cute, though.”
It was just then that Lauren’s dad called to her from downstairs. Lauren handed the video game gun over to George and headed downstairs to speak with her father. “Where did you fire a real gun?” Matt asked, picking up the VR helmet and the attached wire. He stuffed it into a box.
“Remember I told you my uncle is a member of the NRA? He taught me how to shoot.” 
“Really?”
“Yeah! I met Charlton Heston one time.”
“Get out of here!” Matt exclaimed as he slid that box back in the closet, where it belonged. “You met Moses…the astronaut from ‘Planet of the Apes’?”
“Seriously!” George replied. “He put his hand on my shoulder and I was all ‘Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape!’”
“You said that?”  Matt said, laughing.
“Yeah,” George answered before shrugging. “He didn’t think it was funny,”
***
“Look, Lauren, you know I’m not too rigid about grades,” Edward told his daughter once they sat down on opposite sides of the kitchen table. “I’ve never believed the grades you get in the public school system are the best barometer of your abilities. If I did, I would have locked your brother in the cellar a long time ago.”
Lauren smirked. Dad was always funny.
“But the problem I do have is when your teachers tell me that you are not paying attention in class and not turning in your homework,” Edward said. “And it worries me to see such a drastic change in your performance. It doesn’t worry me to see C’s on your brother’s report card, because at least he’s passing and at least he’s consistent. But you went from being the most studious bookworm I ever met, someone who took pride in her education and was studying to be an archeologist…to being a C student in a matter of two months. I’m just worried that something is bothering you and I want you to know that you can talk to your mom and me about anything, okay?” 
“Okay,” Lauren replied, averting her eyes nervously. Edward could tell she had something on her mind.
“I mean, your mom and I noticed that you’ve been playing video games with Matt a lot more since he got that helmet thing, Nothing wrong with that. I’m glad you two are getting along. Nothing wrong with trying new things,” Edward voiced an observation. “But he did get that helmet the same day you got that rejection letter.”
“I guess I just figured that if I am going to be average…I might as well be average, y’know? Be average and have a B average,” Lauren replied, shrugging. “I’ve spent my entire life working my butt off to get out of that stupid school and to go somewhere in life.” 
“Lauren, you’re only fourteen,” Edward replied. “Learning how to deal with setbacks without giving up is one of the most important lessons for a young lady to learn. I mean, imagine if you were looking for some lost temple or something…containing priceless treasures with incalculable historical value…and you just happen to dig in the wrong place. You gonna stop looking? Indiana Jones would have never found the Lost Ark if he did that.” 
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Lauren agreed.
Edward held up the report card. “I don’t want to hear about you not paying attention to the teacher, okay?”
“Okay,” Lauren said, giving her father a hug before heading back up the stairs. She fell asleep on the floor in her brother’s room that evening. Matt was on the bed, snoozing away.
Matt was awoken, in the dark of night, by an eerie glow protruding from the cracks around his closed closet door. Scratching his head and getting up from bed, Matt opened the closet and let out a scream as a hand grabbed his pajamas. This hand yanked him through this door violently and the door slammed shut behind him.
Lauren was awoken by the sound of the door slamming shut. She rubbed her eyes and scratched her head as she got up off the floor. She became worried when she saw Matt’s bed empty. Then, she saw the strange light protruding from the closet. 
“Matt!” she called out before opening the closet slowly. The light blinded her and she called out her brother’s name a few more times as she edged deeper and deeper into that closet, assuming that her brother was trying to hide on her or playing some sort of a trick.
It was only when the closet door slammed shut behind her that the blinding light stopped. Lauren found herself in a smelly, trash-strewn alley. She was startled when a few snarfs ran over her foot, scurrying to a nearby trashcan to rummage for food. She had no idea how she got here. She started to probe the brick wall behind her for some kind of a hidden door, but found nothing.
“LAUREN!” a voice shrieked into the night. Lauren watched as her little brother was being carried away, tied up with rope, by a man wearing a red and green suit of armor and a cape that flapped behind him. 
“Matt!” Lauren started chasing after him. With Matt Craft being held up by a hand that was wearing a strange, shiny metallic gauntlet, The Controller ran to the end of the alley and started to fly away. He flew to the top of the nearest building, a relatively shorter building amidst skyscrapers.
Lauren reached the end of that alley and looked up at towering skyscrapers all around her. Neon lights illuminated billboards of all shapes and sizes in this metropolitan environment. The biggest of these neon signs read “Welcome to Pixel City.”
Lauren found herself standing on a sidewalk, hustling and bustling with some of the weirdest creatures she had ever seen. Creatures of all shapes and sizes…beings with one eye, two eyes, three eyes, blue skin, purple skin, spikes on their back, scales, tails or fangs. Lauren saw quite a few humans in this mix as well, mingling with the creatures and going about their daily business.
She looked up and saw The Controller, still standing on the top of that building with his cape flapping in the breeze. He was holding that one hand, that shiny and jewel-encrusted gauntlet up for the whole city to see. She found a crosswalk and immediately darted across the street as fast as she could, navigating her way around more people and creatures.
She made her way to that building and looked up at The Controller as he stood there, taunting her with his cape flapping, as if to say, “Come and get me!” 
“Going up?” asked a woman sitting on a nearby bench. She was an elderly lady with a kind face and a colorful, flowery dress.
“Excuse me?” Lauren asked. This woman was sitting next to a large jar she was now reaching into.
“I assume you want to get to the top of that roof, where that boss is holding your brother captive,” the woman said, pulling something out of that jar with an enclosed fist.
“How do you know that?”
“I know a lot about you,” the woman replied with a smile. “I know that you are going to need this.”
With that, the woman opened her hand and gave Lauren a leaf. When Lauren took the leaf, it startled her by springing to life, convulsing in her hand. The leaf sank into her palm, like a worm burrowing through dirt. “Platypus leaves are a rare specimen,” said the woman as Lauren’s face started to transform. It now had a duck’s bill protruding from it. “Not so much now because of genetic engineering by Dr. Hard Drive…but the copies are expensive as well.” 
Lauren looked behind her and saw that she now had a platypus/ beaver type tail. “What is happening to me?” Lauren asked, finding it quite odd to be able to speak with a duck’s bill.
“You now possess the ability to fly,” the woman said. “Just take a running start and flap that tail of yours like there is no tomorrow.” 
This is weird, Lauren thought. Platypi can’t fly. Might as well be a raccoon.
“Who are you?”
“I am the one who explains the game,” this woman replied. “I am the game’s internal replacement for the kid who doesn’t wanna read the printed instruction manual. Now GO!” The woman pointed upwards. “Time is of the utmost importance.”
“Why do most movies that are based on video games suck?” Lauren asked the lady, curious at what kind of answer she would get from such a knowledgeable character. Without a word, the lady disappeared…and then reappeared. Her image started blinking a few times before she finally vanished for good.
Not much of an oracle, Lauren thought, backing up a few feet before running into an alley as fast as she could. Soon, the tail started flapping and Lauren was lifted into the sky, kicking her feet as she flew higher and higher.
She didn’t have enough time to be terrified before she landed on the roof where The Controller was standing. Her brother was lying on the floor, tied up still. “Lauren Craft!” the Controller scoffed. “I am surprised you had the courage to follow me into this world!” 
“Let my brother go!”
The Controller started to laugh as he pulled out a bomb that was about the size of a volleyball. This bomb had eyes painted on it, little mechanical feet and a key on the side that The Controller was quick to wind up. “Ah, gamer’s first mistake!”
The Controller placed the bomb on the floor. It started walking towards Lauren. The fuse on the top of its head was sparking, getting shorter and shorter by the second. The Controller picked up Matt and stood on this building’s ledge. Lauren did not know when the bomb was going to go off and was hesitant to go after this armored villain. 
The Controller continued to laugh, and before he flew away, he offered Lauren these final words. “Always expect…a challenge!” 
Lauren started running towards that ledge. That was when the bomb went off, blowing a hole in the floor right beneath her. Lauren fell through that rooftop as both her duckbill and her beaver tail disappeared.
This was a busy time for the 1 Up Café. No doubt an additional cause for excitement was added when Lauren fell through the ceiling. She landed on an empty pool table hard and was soon surrounded by people (and one spikey-haired hamster) asking her if she was all right. Lauren was surprised that she was all right, looking up at the hole in the ceiling and the debris all around her.
“Yeah,” she told them as bartender Hector Pedro helped her onto her feet. “I’m fine.” Seeing her reflection in a nearby mirror, Lauren could see that she no longer had a beak. But there were scars on her face from the fall. She dusted herself off and asked him, “Why am I fine?”
“Well, you didn’t land in lava or on spikes or anything,” Pedro answered. “All you did was lose a little power.” He held out his hand and a purple vitamin pill started floating around the bar. “Here, have a power up.” When Lauren was hesitant to reach for it, Pedro reassured her, “Don’t worry. I’m a doctor too.”
Lauren reached out, grabbed the pill and it disappeared into her hand. Looking into the nearby mirror, Lauren watched the scars on her face disappear in seconds. “What were you doing up there?” asked Tempo the Hamster.
“I was chasing a guy who kidnapped my little brother,” Lauren said. “Some guy wearing a bad superhero costume with a cape and a weird-looking gauntlet on his arm with all these jewels sparkling on it.”
Sitting on a barstool nearby, bounty hunter Nuke Blaster got up when he heard Lauren speak, leaving his beer mug behind. “What happened to this guy?” asked Nuke.
“He picked up my brother with one hand and just flew away,” Lauren replied. Nuke reached into his back pocket and unfolded a photograph of the gauntlet. 
“Is this what the gauntlet looked like?” he asked, holding up the picture.
“Yes,” Lauren said emphatically.
“Damn it,” muttered Nuke. “He’s back in Pixel City.”
“Can you help me find my brother?” 
“If your brother is in the hands of the man who wields this gauntlet, he is in very real danger,” Nuke said. “My roommate is an archeologist who has been looking for this weapon for quite some time. Can you tell me where you are staying?”
“I can’t even tell you where I am now,” Lauren replied. “I take it I’m far from home.”
“You should crash at my place,” Nuke said. “My roommate should be back in a few days. Until then, you can have his room. He’ll be eager to talk to you.”
Remembering what Matt said about how, in video games, it is okay to talk to strangers because they give you helpful hints on how to play the game, Lauren agreed. She hopped on the back of the Harley-Davidson motorcycle of this muscular, tattooed bounty hunter. “So, what’s your name?” she asked him.
“The name’s Blaster,” he replied, slipping his shades on as he started his bike. “Nuke Blaster.”
“I’m Lauren Craft,” she replied.
Nuke lived on the seventy-third floor of a Pixel City skyscraper. Instead of a key, Nuke opened his apartment door by punching a security code into a control panel. The control panel, bolted to the door frame, looked exactly like an old-fashioned two-button video game controller.
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.
Nuke’s apartment was small, mostly wallpapered with magazine centerfolds of scantily clad women. Lauren immediately took notice of the fact that the apartment was an absolute pigsty, a fact that hit her nostrils before it hit her eyes, making them water.
“You said you like archeology…well, my roommate’s got some books over there,” Nuke told Lauren, flexing his muscles in a nearby mirror. “All sorts of bookworm stuff that I am far too macho to be even remotely interested in.”
Lauren caught sight of a book about ancient Egypt and was horrified when she picked it up. It was stuck to the bookcase by string after string of smelly yellow goo. There were plates all over the apartment with half-eaten toast and sandwiches. There were cups with things stuck to them. “Um, sorry about the apartment,” Nuke finally said to her. “My roommate is usually the one who cleans up, playing Felix to my Oscar.”
“I see,” Lauren said. “So, what’s the big deal about this gauntlet anyway?” 
“I think he has a book about that,” Nuke replied, crouching in front of a bookcase and pulling out one specific book. He flipped to a page that had a picture of the gauntlet and handed it to Lauren.
Lauren started reading the mythological tale of how the gauntlet was forged by ancient, microscopic light beings called ‘pikzells’. Their society had broken up into factions, battling over who was going to rule over specific portions of the universe. They created the gauntlet as a way to rotate the universe in such a way that they could take turns ruling this part or that part. She then read the archeological history of this ancient relic, where it was found and the museums it had been displayed in.
Newspaper clippings, shoved into the rear cover of the book, told the most recent portions of the gauntlet’s story, about how it had been stolen from the last museum it was displayed in and never seen again. “You said your roommate is an archeologist?” Lauren asked, now taking notice of all the guns just sort of lying around in this apartment. Nuke had one in his hand and he was cleaning it.
“Vampire hunter,” Nuke replied. “He looks for relics that will rid this world of his sworn enemies.”
“And you’re some sort of a bounty hunter, right?”
“Yup,” Nuke said, nodding. “A career I’ve been preparing for since I was eight years old.”
“Really? How?”
“I snitched on a bad kid.”
“A bad kid?”
“Yeah, I wasn’t a hall monitor myself, but he didn’t see the kid smoking in the boys’ room,” Nuke explained. “Law enforcement dropped the ball and I turned the perp in myself.”
“Okay.” Lauren sort of understood this underwhelming backstory. “And you think this gauntlet has the power to get me home?”
“If it doesn’t, kid, nothing does.”
***
Not knowing where he was or how he got there, Matt Craft found himself inside of a giant hole in the ground, a cylinder cave. He was operating some heavy machinery, a crane, alongside two others who were operating the same kind of equipment. 
The multi-colored cement blocks at the end of the crane had some very strange shapes. Some were shaped like T’s and L’s while others were straight across. Matt watched the other two crane drivers manipulate their blocks, turning them left or right, so they could fit into the space below.
Matt took the controls and turned his T-piece so one of the extensions would fit into an empty space on the structure they appeared to be building. In a flash, the entire top layer of this cylindrical structure disappeared. The crane driver to his left filled in one of the empty spaces with an L-shaped piece and the same thing happened. “Hey!” Matt shouted to that crane driver. “What’s going on? What are we building? Why do the layers keep disappearing?”
The other driver turned his head slowly. He frightened the young gamer to his core when Matt noticed this man’s eyes were hollow, just pure white. He had no pupils. “We must not build,” this man said with a distinct Russian accent. “Only build to prevent from building.”
Matt continued to build with the blocks he was given. He soon found this activity quite addicting. He no longer found himself wondering why he was here or looking for a way to get out of this crane. The cement blocks came in so many different colors and swirled in so many different directions. Matt found them quite mesmerizing.
But they just kept coming, faster and faster. It got to the point where the blocks kept stacking without disappearing, because they weren’t being assembled properly. The cave was soon filled with rainbow blocks and when they hit the top of the cave, the entire cave shook. Rocks started to fall, the stacks toppling. The blocks they already stacked started to shatter and one jagged piece hit Matt’s window. He let out a scream and ducked as he watched the other two cranes get pummeled and covered with a solid avalanche of rainbow rock.
Matt closed his eyes. When he opened them, he found himself in a laboratory. He was inside of a glass tube as many scientists hustled and bustled around him. There was a high-tech device on top of this glass tube that would fire images into Matt’s head with a powerful laser. “His score was considerably high on that Russian demolition game,” one of the scientists told The Controller, followed as they were by The Controller’s bodyguard. He was an eleven-foot tall gorilla the Controller had named Mule Kong, because his great size came from being injected with donkey DNA in this very lab.
“Excellent,” The Controller replied. “I knew he would be the ideal person for this experiment…only now I have my doubts.” 
“What do you mean?”
“This young man was followed into this realm by his sister,” The Controller told the scientist. “She has shown herself to be quite bold and heroic.”
“You want me to experiment on her too, my lord?” the scientist asked.
“Yes!” The Controller turned to Mule Kong. “Mule Kong, be mindful. Strike with speed, but save your strength!”
Mule Kong bowed respectfully. “Yes, my master!” he grunted, before letting out the kinds of hoots and hollers you might expect from a big monkey. “Ooh ooh ooh ooh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh!” 
***
When Nuke was sleeping, Lauren started snooping, looking around the bedroom and private belongings of Nuke’s roommate Simon. Normally, Lauren was not the type to go snooping around in another’s personal belongings, but Matt taught her that, in video games, nosiness is a virtue. You’re supposed to snoop around and explore. That is how you find items that will be helpful in your quest. Lauren found a human skull, attached to a handle by a strong chain. She found a few medieval weapons, such as swords and axes and finally, a very elegant looking silk cape.
She walked up to a mirror and draped this cape over her shoulders. In a flash, Lauren Craft could no longer see her own reflection. When she took off the cape, she could see her own reflection once again. Lauren put the cape over a chair and instantly, that chair disappeared. “Wow!” Lauren whispered, taking the cloak off the chair and watching both the chair and the cloak reappear. “A cloak that makes you invisible!”
When Nuke Blaster woke up and walked into his living room, he thought he had died and gone to heaven. Nuke did not see any pearly gates, but the entire apartment sparkled. Lauren had cleaned everything from top to bottom. The fact that Nuke likes to sleep until noon gave Lauren more than enough time for what was admittedly a daunting task.
Nuke found Lauren washing the remaining few dishes in the sink. “Wow!” Nuke said. “Place is spotless. Nice job, kid.”
“Thanks,” Lauren said with a proud smile.
“My roommate isn’t quite as macho as me, so he’s usually the one who cleans up the place,” Nuke volunteered. “I’m usually too busy loading my guns, smoking cigars and talking to the ladies in bars to get on my hands and knees with a bucket and a sponge.” Realizing that this person was a video game character and that his character was unlikely to change before she finished her quest and headed back home, Lauren rolled her eyes, scraping some hardened cheese off a plate with elbow grease.
He’s got to be some kind of action movie spoof, Lauren thought. Dirty Harry. Arnold. Stallone. Somebody. Macho doofus.
The phone rang and Nuke picked it up. “Hello?” It was Simon. “Hey! Speak of the Devil! Ha. Yeah, I know you killed him already. Oh, you’re on your way home? Yeah, listen. I have someone here who saw the gauntlet and the one who stole it. Yeah, I know. She stayed here last night. No! Dude, she’s only fourteen! I’ve been protecting her. Yeah, okay, I can meet you there. Yeah, see you soon. Bye.”
Nuke hung up the phone. He told Lauren that they were going to meet his roommate Simon at the 1 Up Café. She hopped on the back of Nuke’s motorcycle once again and they sped across the bridge from Nuke’s apartment in Rom Island to downtown Pixel City.
Halfway down Miyamoto Blvd., the ground started to shake. Not like an earthquake, the shaking was light at first, but got heavier. Nuke adjusted his rearview mirror and saw a muscular seven-hundred-pound monkey lunging towards him, landing on his knuckles with each bound, getting closer and closer. “Hold on!” Nuke told Lauren as the bike accelerated.
Nuke reached behind himself and pulled a rifle out of a holster, attached to the side of his bike. He peered through the rear-view mirror long enough to aim over his shoulder, firing one shot at the speeding gorilla. Mule Kong leapt to the side and the bullet missed him by inches. Nuke pumped that rifle again and fired a second shot that singed some of Mule Kong’s fur.
Smoke protruding from his arm, Mule Kong let out a roar and leapt forward. He grabbed Lauren off of the motorcycle with one sweeping motion before heading down the first street that came up on his right. Now the chase was in full reverse, once Nuke made a quick and screeching U-turn on his bike. His tire nearly missing a few snarfs, Nuke headed down an adjacent street, pursuing Mule Kong and his female captive, now kicking and screaming in the ape’s strong right hand.
Coming up to a building, presently under construction, Mule Kong crouched down and leapt to the top of what would soon be a nine-story building. Nuke’s bike skidded to a stop in front of it and the bounty hunter got off the bike. He started climbing the many metallic beams and chains that made up the frame of this new building. On top, Mule Kong pulled out a radio. “I’m at the rendezvous point,” he said. “Where’s the chopper?”
“There were some difficulties,” a voice from the radio replied. “But the chopper is on its way and should be there in three minutes.”
“Hmph,” Mule Kong grunted. “Always a time limit. I hate when there’s a time limit!”
Looking down, Mule Kong watched Nuke Blaster try to climb this building. Looking around for something big and heavy to throw at him, Mule Kong picked up a steel barrel that was clearly marked Flammable: Highly Corrosive.
With a chuckle on his lips, Mule placed that barrel on one of the slanted beams and watched it roll down the building. Nuke heard a metallic clanking sound when he was trying to shimmy across a thin rafter. He quickly leaned on to a bigger beam as the corrosive barrel just rolled by and plummeted off the building. Nuke watched this barrel land on top of a forklift and break open, spilling acid that ate through that forklift, melting it instantly.
A second barrel was dropped off the building by the mutant ape. It landed right next to Nuke, bouncing a few times before rolling off that beam and falling to the ground six stories below. A puddle of acid, residue from this barrel, ate away at the metallic beam Nuke was standing on.
“The heck is acid doing at a construction site?” Nuke shouted with a mix of confusion, frustration and logic, jumping to an adjacent beam.
“Keep climbing, Blaster!” Mule Kong shouted as Nuke climbed another ladder. “I can take this to a whole new level!”
Mule Kong lined up three acid barrels and kicked them off the edge of the building. These barrels rolled down one slanted beam after another, clanging together as they made their way towards Nuke. Nuke saw these barrels barreling their way towards him, forcing him to leap off the building and grab on to a thick chain.
Hanging from this dangling chain, Nuke looked down. Seeing someone climb a building to rescue a girl from a giant monkey had drawn quite a crowd down below. Looking upwards, Mule Kong could see the helicopter off in the distance. His captive was standing still, right next to him. “Excellent!” Mule Kong said. “Ooh ooh ooh ahh ahh ahh ahh!”
Lauren looked behind her and could see that Nuke made it to the rooftop. He drew his pistol and fired a shot into Mule Kong’s back. The ape let out a roar that could be heard for miles around before smashing his oversized fists into the rooftop he and Lauren were standing on. His fists quaked the entire building, throwing off Nuke’s aim for his next two shots.
Mule Kong reached out with his elongated arms and, with one solid punch, knocked Nuke Blaster clear off the building. Mule stepped from one beam to the next until he could see where Nuke had fallen. The ape saw Nuke hanging from a beam…his fingers slipping and his feet dangling.
Lauren saw the gun Nuke had dropped. It landed on a beam and was now teetering. She started to maneuver herself across the beams on the rooftop to get to it. Mule Kong lifted the last barrel he could find high above his head and let out a few high-pitched screeches and hollers before gunshots rang through the early evening air. Holes were blown in that barrel and acid started pouring out, all over Mule Kong. Mule let out a scream as the chemicals ate away at his fur quickly and painfully, creating smoke. Mule Kong’s fingers tightened around the barrel, which crumpled before it exploded.
The big ape burst into flames and flipped upside down. He plummeted off the building before hitting an enormous pile of sand nine stories below. Lauren blew the smoke off Nuke’s gun and got herself over to the edge of the building. “Where did you learn how to shoot a gun?” asked Nuke, still dangling.
“Video games,” Lauren joked.
It was just then that a blue, armored, robot superhero named Cannon Man flew by with rockets on his feet. “Sorry I’m late” he remarked to both Lauren and Nuke. Cannon Man lifted both heroes onto his shoulders with one arm apiece, flying them down to the street below, to the thunderous applause of all onlookers.
Once there, Nuke lifted Lauren onto his shoulders and let her wave at the crowd, fully acknowledging that she was the hero in this instance, as she had saved his life. This kind gesture by Nuke made Lauren Craft feel special. She felt like a hero, like she was far more than average.
But she noticed that many of the surrounding townspeople seemed confused by the idea of a female hero. These people lived in a video game world…in the 90’s. This concept was new to them, but they were very accepting of Lauren, after the idea took a few seconds to buffer in their minds. They responded with more applause.
“What are you gonna do now?” Cannon Man asked Nuke.
“I’m going to the bar,” Nuke replied.
Simon was late, but that didn’t stop Nuke from having a few drinks while he waited. “Mule Kong is one of The Controller’s most vile henchmen,” the bartender Hector Pedro told Lauren as she drank a soda. “Pedro and I have faced him before. He kidnapped Pedro’s old girlfriend.”
“He’s the one who has my brother,” Lauren said, turning her attention to the slightly inebriated Nuke Blaster. 
“Yo, baby! Yo, baby! Yo!” Nuke said to one beautiful redhead that walked by before she slapped him in the face and walked off with a huff and a puff. A brunette walked by, and Nuke exclaimed, “Jean Claude Van…Damme, you’re fine!” only to receive a similar slap in the face. “Girl, you look so good, I wish I could plant you in the ground and grow a whole field of y’all!” was the last pick-up line Nuke used that night as he got his third slap in the face from a gorgeous blonde.
“Why does Nuke do that?” Lauren asked, drinking a non-alcoholic root beer she got from Hector.
“What?” 
“Use pick-up lines and talk to women like that?”
“Because he’s macho,” Hector replied. “You see, forming an emotional attachment to a member of the opposite sex, romantic or otherwise, would require a level of sentiment that macho guys pride themselves on not possessing. So, Nuke talks to women and looks at women and makes lewd comments about women to prove that he’s not gay, but without actually forming an attachment.”
“But if he never hooks up with any of these girls, you think maybe the whole macho thing is a front?” Lauren asked. Hector’s eyes lit up.
“Hey, man!” the bartender said, holding up his hands and backing away from Lauren. “I just work the tappers.”
It was just then that Simon Waldorf, Nuke’s bounty hunting roommate, walked into the bar. Nuke walked over to him and greeted him with a high-five before introducing him to Lauren. “She’s seen him, man!” Nuke said.
Lauren was asked to explain to Simon exactly what The Controller looked like, along with what happened to her and how she got here. Pedro Pedro and Hector Pedro listened in on Lauren’s story. Soon Tempo the Hamster and Cannon Man put their card game on hiatus and walked over to the small crowd gathered around Lauren to hear her story.
Lauren told the small entourage of video game characters about how she and her brother used to fight all the time. But when she received the biggest disappointment of her life, getting rejected by Higgenson’s Professional School, it was Matt that stayed by her side. It was Matt that introduced her to video games, a new way to cope, a new form of escapism. “Matt helped me realize that there is more to life than work,” Lauren said. “He also taught me that, really, challenges are everywhere. He taught me to keep trying. He taught me that when you fall into a pit of lava or get pummeled by a dragon lord, you DON’T…shut off…the game, you just pick up your controller…and press start to continue. You might have to do part of the level over again or save your progress on a memory card if your mom says it’s time for supper…but you gotta keep working to achieve those goals. You gotta keep working at it and you might even find some way to acquire more opportunities…greater tools, but even if you don’t…you can’t…give…up!” 
Lauren’s impassioned speech motivated this small group of video game heroes, both past and present, to applaud her words. As Lauren wiped a happy tear from her cheek, she watched as Hector picked up a pot with a flower in it. In the direct center of this flower was a small fireball that swirled and danced amongst the petals that protruded from it.
“How long has it been since we’ve kicked some bad guy’s butt, Holmes?” Hector asked. Pedro nodded with a big smile on his face.
“Too long, Holmes,” Pedro replied, giving his younger brother a hug. “Too long.” 
***
A large green pipe protruding from the floor of Dr. Hard Drive’s lab was the perfect place for Pedro and Hector to emerge, followed by Cannon Man. “Wow,” Pedro said. “Dr. Hard Drive has his own personal warp zone.” 
“This place is in the direct center of Mount Cybertoid,” Hector replied. “It would take us eight days to get here by rocket sled.”
Looking around, Hector marveled at all of the little robots, most of them no bigger than a volleyball, running around and tending to various duties. But the doctor was nowhere to be seen. “Doctor!” Cannon Man called out as he started poking around the different rooms of the lab, finally seeing the good doctor working away in his garage.
Welding something to one of many rocket-powered vehicles the scientist possessed, Dr. Hard Drive turned around and smiled when he saw Cannon Man standing behind him. “Oh…hello!” Dr. Hard Drive said before he laughed. “Didn’t hear you come in, my boy.” 
“I brought some old friends of yours,” said Cannon Man before he stepped to the side so Dr. Hard Drive could see Hector and Pedro. The good doctor was excited to see them. 
“Hector and Pedro!” Dr. Hard Drive exclaimed. “My goodness. It has been forever!” 
“We need vehicles, father,” Cannon Man said. “Vehicles that can be used on a mission to attack the lair of The Controller.” 
“I see,” Dr. Hard Drive replied. “And do you happen to know where this lair is?” 
“We have people who are working on that,” Cannon Man replied.
Rygel Kingdom.
Simon Waldorf and Lauren Craft visited Rygel, the hometown of Imp. At this point, Imp was packing his things from his meager peasant house, one that was made of wood and straw. He was moving into the palace. Thanks to his acts of bravery, he was betrothed to the princess named Pixie.
“We need your help in finding where the Controller is hiding,” Simon said. 
“I cannot quest with you any farther,” Imp told Simon. “I have given it up. My life now serves a new purpose, that of bettering the lives of my fellow peasants through the manipulation of the political system.”
“Can you at least help us find out where we might start to look?” Simon asked.
“Or give us some of your weapons,” Lauren added. “If you’re not going to be an adventurer anymore.”
“My weapons are yours to keep, my friends,” Imp said, picking up a leather bracelet that had a mirror attached to it. “Here, put this on.”
Lauren put on the leather bracelet and, through wiggling her fingers, pulled bombs and magic boomerangs and even a medieval battle axe into her hand and then back into the bracelet with a flick of her wrist. “Cool,” Lauren said. “It’s kind of like an RPG menu screen.”
“And now, I give you the most powerful weapon of all,” Imp said, picking his sword off his bed. “This sword was forged by the tortured fairies in the lava springs of Mount Kismet. Its power hadn’t even been imagined by elves before they saw it wielded by me.”
Lauren pulled the sword out of the sheath and then, with a flick of her wrist, the sword slipped into the magic bracelet, which now housed weapons and many other useful items that could be used on this quest. “According to the ancient legends,” Imp continued, opening a really thick book of myths and legends, most of which are 100% true in this place, “The gauntlet you seek possesses the power to rip through reality, but there is only one place this reality-tearing power can be used.”
Lauren picked up the book and looked at a beautiful picture of an island. On her way back to Pixel City in the passenger’s seat of Simon’s sleek and stylish silver car (shaped like a skull), Lauren read up on this island and all its history and attributes. “There is an ancient temple in the direct center of this island,” Lauren told Simon. “Apparently, the way to get in is by deciphering a series of puzzles that are based on the language of these ancient people.”
“Imp knew their language,” Simon replied. “We could sure use his help.”
“Hey,” Lauren said, flipping more and more pages. “I learned Egyptian hieroglyphics in three days. This language doesn’t look nearly as complex. It shouldn’t take me long. How much longer until we get to the warp zone that will take us to Dr. Hard Drive’s lab?” 
“Five and a half hours.”
“Excellent!”
The Island Lair of the Controller.
Matt Craft woke up again from one of those weird dreams with the cranes and the multi-colored boxes. He was still inside a glass tube. But the outside was different. There, The Controller stood, talking to someone whose image he could see on his monitor…the insane cannibal scientist turned terrorist named Mitochondria.
Matt could not hear what they were saying. He could only see moving lips and gestures. All around The Controller soldiers marched. Soldiers wearing a distinct uniform and wielding high-powered rifles. One such soldier walked up to the glass tube Matt was trapped in and pressed his nose against it. Matt’s face turned bone white. The rest of his body began to quake, when he realized that this soldier looked exactly like him. A clone.
Realizing Matt was awake, some of the other soldiers came closer to him. And they all looked alike. They all looked like Matt. Under the direction of their armored leader, Matt watched all seventeen thousand cloned warriors The Controller had created march through a single door, one by one.
The Controller was about to follow them when a robot with propellers informed the villain of a potential aerial attack. “Our radar scopes are detecting a series of heavily armed fighters coming this way in attack formation,” said the robot, handing The Controller a stack of papers as he hovered.
“This is a perfect opportunity to test the flight simulator skills of our new soldiers,” The Controller said to his robotic assistant. “Order the units to their fighters.” 
Man! Matt thought, disappointed. I’ve always been good at flying games. Those clones are going to be tough to beat.
The fighter pods Dr. Hard Drive had constructed were round and sleek, capable of great speed when operated properly. Lauren, after receiving a brief rundown of what button or lever did what, piloted her pod with expert skill. I don’t think I’d be able to catch on this quickly outside of a video game world, Lauren realized as she sped towards the island, which was now poking up over the crimson horizon. Soon, more pods like theirs started shooting out of the volcano on top of The Controller’s island.
“Enemy fighters coming from the island,” Nuke spoke into his radio. “Plan is still the same. Cover Lauren, Cannon Man and Simon so they can land safely on the island.” 
“Roger that, Nuke,” Pedro replied as the enemy pods started shooting at them. “Now this is cart racing!”
The Controller watched the entire dogfight from an elevated window, calmly observing as a fireworks show felled flying vehicles into the surrounding ocean. “The game…is still…the same,” The Controller muttered to himself as he watched many of his own cloned soldiers get blown out of the sky.
“Woo-hoo!” shouted Lauren as she watched one enemy pod spiral towards the ocean in a ball of flame and black smoke.
“Nice shooting, Lauren,” Lauren heard the voice of Nuke over the radio before Nuke let out an uncharacteristically high-pitched scream. Turning to her left, she watched Nuke’s pod spiral down towards the island in flames.
Lauren let out a scream, pulling up on the joystick as hard as she could. Her pod spun around in mid-air as more blasts fired, allowing her to obliterate the pod responsible for Nuke’s downfall. “Check up on Nuke,” Simon told Lauren. “I’ll cover you and meet you at the rendezvous point.”
With that, Lauren lowered her pod closer to the island and started scanning the lower levels using radar. She finally found the smoking remains of Nuke’s pod. She saw Nuke climbing out of the wreckage, his clothes singed. She was very happy to see him alive.
By the time Lauren safely landed her pod next to Nuke’s, Nuke was attempting to pull his belongings out of the storage area in the back of the pod. “We’re gonna have to hike,” Nuke told Lauren, swinging his backpack over his shoulder and holstering his pistols. “It shouldn’t be too far.”
They headed down a hill and it was then that Nuke saw a few soldiers coming around the trees. They poked their heads around those trees and lifted high-powered rifles to their eyes, aiming via laser scope. “GET DOWN!” ordered Nuke, whipping two pistols out of holsters.
Lauren hit the dirt and rolled behind a fallen tree stump while Nuke ran into the woods that surrounded him with his guns blazing. Nuke was shot over and over again…in the back and in the chest, but Nuke just kept shooting as more soldiers popped out of the bushes.
Soon, Nuke could no longer see any soldiers and Lauren ran out from behind the tree stump. Lauren looked down at the first fallen soldier she saw and let out a shriek. She dropped to her knees and immediately started bawling her eyes out, looking down at a soldier that had been shot right in between the eyes.
It was Matt. Or so she thought. She backed up away from that first soldier and tripped over a second corpse that had been killed with numerous shots to the chest. That one looked like Matt too. Another soldier corpse fell out of a tree, hanging by his neck and a vine, and that one looked like Matt too. Then, like most bad guys in (90’s) video games after you kill them, all of these dead Matts started to flicker away and disappear.
Nuke walked over to Lauren and wanted to know what was the matter. Her face was bone white. She could not speak. She shuddered as she attempted to. “My bruh…my bruh…” 
“Lauren, what’s the matter?”
“My brother…” Lauren finally got the words out, pointing at one of the corpses.
“Lauren, these guys are clones,” Nuke said. “They can’t all be your brother at the same time. They’re clones. Your brother has been cloned.” 
“Clones?” 
“Yeah, clones,” Nuke said. “The Controller must have cloned him. That’s all…these things aren’t really him. I shoot clones all the time. I shot a clone of myself one time and I didn’t feel a thing.”
Nuke helped Lauren up off the ground. She gave Nuke a hug, sobbing into his torn short. Nuke wrapped his arms around her and comforted her with his most reassuring and non-macho tone of voice. “You’re doing good, kid. Just one more level.”
Tempo the Hamster, after crashing his own pod, was racing through the woods at lightning speeds, looking for Lauren and Nuke. Suddenly, he was tackled and brought to the ground by a bizarre creature. For all practical purposes, this creature looked like a monkey. Only instead of a face with two eyes, a nose and a mouth, this monkey had two enormous cheeks where his face should be. Only one vertical line separated one cheek from the next. This strange looking creature let out a shriek and started hooting and hollering as he lifted a giant hammer high into the air.
“OH NO!” Tempo screamed. “A butt-monkey!”
Tempo tried to dash off, but although the butt-monkey was not as fast as Tempo, his reflexes were unparalleled to any creature within five worlds from here. He grabbed Tempo before he could escape and hit him with the hammer…hard.
Tempo was hurt. Lying on the ground, looking up at the butt monkey as he lifted his hammer high into the air, Tempo tried desperately to move. Suddenly, a sword appeared out of nowhere, almost as though it were sliding out of thin air. It started floating behind the butt monkey. One swipe from this floating sword and the butt-monkey’s butt-head was rolling through the dirt behind him.
When Lauren removed her invisible cloak and retracted her magic sword into her bracelet, Nuke came out from behind a rock. “I told you not to go through my roommate’s stuff!” he scolded Lauren as she helped Tempo onto his feet.
“You okay?” Lauren asked.
“Yeah,” Tempo replied, dusting himself off and massaging his aching muscles. “How many lives do you have left, Nuke?”
Nuke turned around and showed Tempo the bullet wounds he had taken from the gunfight before. Tempo cringed because it was kind of gross. “I am at approximately 60% power, but I still have three lives left.”
“Yeah, me too,” Tempo replied. “Problem is, there are no power-ups on this island. This is where the big boss is…the end boss. This is where Lauren’s quest to find her younger brother has taken her…and as members of her party…we’re susceptible to the same attacks. We’re not just supporting characters anymore, pal. I’m no longer just the plucky comic relief and you’re no longer…” Nuke pressed his gun up against Tempo’s snout.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Hamster!” Nuke scowled. “I have always been the hero! Got that? I’m no one’s sidekick!”
“Can someone from my world…die here?” Lauren asked.
“Yes,” Nuke replied, putting his guns back into his holster.
“For good? Or do I just get a ‘Game Over’ and return to lying in front of my brother’s closet.”
“You have the same amount of hit points as anyone else when you are here,” Nuke started to explain. “That is why, when you fell through the ceiling, you were able to take that power-up and be fine. Heroic characters from this world can die anywhere between three and five times before they earn extra lives and even then, they just travel back in time and start their five lives over. Villains can replicate themselves a bit easier because the laws of this world are structured around creating a challenge for us…but beings from your world are only allowed to die only once…regardless of powerups…because your organic make-up is foreign to this digital world.”
“This is not the same as playing a video game, using one of us. For you, this is like being trapped inside of a computer,” Tempo added. “Computers can scan their own hard drive, looking to get any foreign material out of it…so you…only die…once…and then you’re out…for good. No reset button for you.”
“This is why I have been protecting you this entire time. That is why you are at full power now,” Nuke told Lauren.
“Thank you,” Lauren said before she smirked. “That was very unselfish of you, Nuke. Does this mean that you’ve discovered your sensitive side? Does this mean you’re gonna stop being macho all the time?”
“I have learned that being macho has its place,” Nuke replied with sincerity. “I have learned that being tough and macho might make you a better bounty hunter…but it doesn’t make you a better human being.”
“Does that mean you’re going to stop using bad pick-up lines and treating women as objects?”
Just then, Nuke jerked his head high into the air. He saw a bird. “Hey, look! A crane!” Nuke said, changing the subject. “How graceful!”
***
Matt found himself walking through a tunnel, one made up of stone bricks. The tunnel was dark, so Matt could not see the people who were walking alongside him too well. But he could hear their footsteps and their voices.
“Man, did you see that dude with the four arms and the scorpion tail?” said one deep voice. “I thought I was gonna wet myself.” 
Four arms and a scorpion tail, Matt thought to himself. I know what game that’s from. 
“I don’t know how any of us can defeat that thing,” a female voice chimed in. “I’m just gonna capture my enemy and get off this island.”
“Before today, I have heard of him only in legends,” a third voice stated, a man who sounded Oriental. “He is Shillok, prince of the reversed realm of Jebuton!”
Oh snap!  Matt was thrilled. This is Fatal Thrust!
It was just then that Matt heard and felt a cold stiff breeze coursing through what was otherwise a warm and muggy tunnel. Accompanied by this breeze was an eerie voice that attempted to calm the fears of the others. “Do not pay attention to the size of your enemy,” this voice spoke. “Only to the size of yourself.”
That’s Chow…the Mythical God of Wintertime, Matt thought. I love that guy. So creepy and COLD!
When Matt reached the end of the tunnel, they were standing in an outdoor battle arena with the sun beating down on them. Matt looked around and he could see the other characters he had been walking with.
To his right was a young Shaolin monk named Tao Fin…to his left was a beautiful blonde, tough as nails with a green muscle shirt and matching shorts. Her name was Talia Jagger. Now I KNOW I am trapped inside a one-on-one fighting game, Matt thought. You have the Asian martial arts expert who is ALWAYS the hero in these kinds of games. You have the token tough female fighter…usually a secret agent.
Peering behind him, Matt could see a seven-foot-tall black man with boxing gloves. His name was Ramses. And last…but certainly not least…a big tough black guy…usually a boxer of some kind. Matt felt a cool breeze once again and he marveled as ice began to form in front of him, in what was clearly a desert environment. This ice took shape for a few seconds before it became Matt’s favorite character in the “Fatal Thrust” universe, Chow.
Chow IS one of the more original fighting game characters, Matt thought again. But every video game has some kind of a character that is linked to the spiritual. ‘Street Brawler II’ has that Indian shaman with the skulls around his neck. Chow is a god. Same thing.
“Listen!” Chow hissed, pulling out a wooden staff. “To the sound…” 
The horns began to blow and all the fighters gathered around the circular battle arena. These fighters represented the incredible diversity of characters Matt Craft has always loved about the “Fatal Thrust” series. Matt saw strange creatures, mutants, aliens, ninjas, robots, cyborgs and every single combination of the above.
A man in a black kimono spoke to the fighters, as he was standing in the direct center of the circle. He was the director, a warlord named Chi Tao. “Welcome!” It was just then that Matt noticed there was a small device clipped to his belt. He pulled it off. “You are here to compete for the fate of the universe!” It was a Game Lad, the portable video game system Mind-Bend-O released quite a few years ago.
Looking at the screen, Matt saw a picture of himself. He tapped the buttons and the control pad. This allowed him to scroll through many different screens that allowed him to know what powers he had. Matt was thrilled to know that he could now throw fireballs. “Each one of you represents a different corner of a different reality! Do you want to see THAT reality…BURNED TO A CINDER???”
Matt started punching buttons into this “Game Lad.” All of the times Matt and George played Fatal Thrust, Fatal Thrust II and Fatal Thrust: Ultimate had given him the ability to remember various cheat codes from his beloved Sore Thumbs magazine. These were codes that allowed him to alter the game and acquire various advantages (or challenges) for the player. The phrase “one-button fatal thrusts” appeared on the screen.
“Oh God!” Matt said out loud. “This is gonna be FUN! Increased speed. 4X hit damage. Never drop weapon. Turn your opponent into a baby. One-button weapon. Bikini girls in the background.”
The entire crowd around Matt Craft bellowed “NO!” in answer to Chi Tao’s question and the tournament began. 
Matt’s performance in the tournament was unparalleled. His increased speed allowed him to pummel his enemies with crippling combination attacks and dodge their fireballs by spinning with the greatest of ease. When the human form of the god Chow hurled a ball of ice out of his bare hands, Matt spun around it and flipped Chow onto the ground, leaping into the air and stomping on his chest afterwards.
In between fights, Matt regained all the power he lost in the previous one. The cuts and bruises he received when Talia body slammed him into the ground instantly disappeared. Matt’s special moves included the ability to fly across the arena to deliver multiple kicks. By tapping one button on the Game Lad, Matt could make a samurai sword appear in his hand and with one button he could retract it.
Each fighter had a different weapon. When the boxer named Ramses powered up his glowing fists and punched the ground beneath him, it quaked the ground, cracking bricks and shaking the cement. Matt was able to jump over the portion of the ground that was quaking and deliver a kick to Ramses’ chest that sent him to the other side of the ring. There, he staggered back and forth, holding his chest as he dropped to one knee. That was when Chi Tao stood up from his golden throne, from which he had been watching the fight, threw his fists in the air and shrieked “FATAL THRUST!!!”
Matt took his Game Lad off his belt and punched a series of buttons that resulted in Ramses transforming into a baby. He was a little baby with cute little diaper and teeny-weeny boxing gloves that he wore as he kicked his feet and started crying. It was only when Matt had the opportunity to face the four-armed, scorpion-tailed Shillok that he used his “one-button fatal thrust” mode.
Matt heard Chi Tao scream “fatal thrust” many times during the course of this tournament. Matt saw Tao Fin transform himself into a dragon, frying his opponent to a crisp with his fiery breath before eating him off an oversized toothpick. He had seen a robot ninja strap his opponent with bombs, activating those bombs with dial-up internet. He had seen Talia rip her enemy’s spine out of his rectum and jump rope with it. Matt did not want to kill anyone, which is why he kept using all of his “baby codes.”
Bloody video games never were his thing, but Matt was attracted to the storyline and the strategy that was presented in each Fatal Thrust game. That was why he played it. That is why he used “baby codes” instead of “fatal thrusts.” But with every video game Matt played, he always liked to go out with a bang! And Shillok was a boss character. Matt had only to battle the evil Chi Tao himself to become the ultimate Fatal Thrust champion.
But there was a glitch in the system. When Matt pressed the button that would have resulted in Shillok exploding from the inside with a single sword stroke, he woke up inside of the glass tube he was really in. Matt, from his clear glass prison, watched The Controller take the gauntlet off his hand and place it in the middle of the room.
“Let me go!” Matt shouted. 
“Why?” The Controller scoffed. “You’re a video game freak! I thought you liked staying in the same place…for hours on end…getting strange images pumped into your skull! Isn’t that what the helmet was all about? Escapism? Escaping your own reality?”
“I could always shut off the game, you butt!” shouted Matt. “I could always go downstairs and get some pretzels! Now I can’t even move!”
“Patience!” said The Controller. “This will all be over soon!”
With that, the Controller detached a single strap on the bottom of his helmet and slowly pulled it off, revealing the face of Mind-Bend-O president Mr. Burgess Langley.
“YOU!”
“Yes,” Burgess replied with a smile. “Me.” 
“What are you doing?” Matt asked. “What is all this?” 
“I am creating an army,” Burgess replied. “An army of clones from the most powerful being…the best player…this video game world has ever seen.”
“That’s why you held that contest? To isolate the best player in the world and clone him?”
“Yes, and let me tell you, my boy,” Burgess added. “Your score blew everybody else’s completely out of the water!”
“Why clone me?” Matt asked. “If you take every villain that has ever been in a video game, I’m sure you can find one meaner than me, someone who will make a better soldier.”
“Yes, but video game characters do not translate well into the complex reality of…reality. Kind of like when they used to bring arcade games to the older 16-bit home consoles. Didn’t have quite the same feel, did it?” Burgess explained. “But strangely, the video game prowess you display translates quite well onto your clones. They dispense of their enemies just as quickly and efficiently as you do when you are playing ‘Brain-sucking Jellyfish Prime,’ and since they are human, they will be just as effective killing machines when I open this portal and lead my armies to conquest…in the real world.”
***
Nuke, Lauren and Tempo came upon a small cave, covered with leaves and vines. Tempo used the sword Lauren acquired from Imp (and his tremendous speed) to chop down all of those vines in a matter of seconds. Leaves flew in all directions, as if a salad shooter had gone haywire. It was then that Lauren could see the symbols she learned about in the book she acquired from Imp.
Lauren pressed her fingers on the magic mirror strapped to her magic bracelet and that book popped into her hand after being shrunken within. Flipping through the pages, Lauren Craft deciphered the symbols, the language of ancient peoples. “It says the entire universe was sealed here,” Lauren said to Nuke. “That this temple is the joining place of everything in this entire universe.”
“Kind of like a big staple,” Tempo remarked. “Or a lynchpin?”
Nuke nodded before the three of them headed into the ruins of this ancient temple. “This must be the place.” They lit torches that illuminated the moss-ridden remains of the cave and headed in. At the end of a hallway, there was a circular room with writings in that strange language all around them.
Statues littered this area, statues of great soldiers from ancient times. “Okay,” Lauren said, flipping the book open and walking over to the right side of the door they had come through. “I guess I have some reading to do.”
“What is this place?” Tempo asked.
“I’m gonna find out,” Lauren replied as she started translating the symbols. She had a scrap piece of paper and would scribble down notes. When Lauren finished translating, she told Nuke, “Basically, this doorframe is just telling the story of how the universe came together at this spot. There’s nothing too useful here. It’s all mythology, stories about how the gods fought each other until one of them figured out a fair way to divide up the universe and then they all agreed on it and came to this place to sign a contract…yadda, yadda, yadda…this universe and all those like it were at peace.”
“Hmm…” Tempo stroked his chin and leaned back on one of the statues. 
Suddenly, the statue’s stone spear moved with a creak and the floor started moving. The bricks that made up the floor adjusted themselves and Nuke was the first one to fall through. Lauren followed him quickly. Tempo grabbed onto this stone soldier’s spear and did not let go, dangling his feet above the pit the temple’s floor had become. Then he felt someone reaching down from above, grabbing his hand so he would not fall. 
Nuke and Lauren landed in the same lab Matthew Craft was trapped in. Lauren saw the glass tube and her brother trapped inside. Nuke looked to his right and saw a legion of Matt’s clone soldiers (all wielding high-powered rifles) lined up all around the gauntlet, placed in the center of this lab.
The Controller was standing on a catwalk above all of this. He flipped a switch and the laser beam beaming images into Matt’s skull stopped. This allowed Matt to move inside of the glass tube. He immediately banged on the glass and screamed “LAUREN! LAUREN!” 
Pressing her thumb up against the bracelet she was wearing, Lauren let a unique weapon, a human skull attached to a handle by a chain, drop into her hand. She ran over to that glass tube, swinging the chain. The skull smashed the glass and her brother came tumbling out, dusting all the small shards of glass off of himself as he got up.
“What’s going on here?” Lauren asked.
“The Controller…he’s Burgess Langley…” Matt panted because he was out of breath.
“The President of Mind-Bend-O?”
“Yes,” Matt replied. “He used the video game contest as a way to lure the best video game player ever into this world so that he could clone him.” 
“Why?”
Matt pointed at the gauntlet. It was glowing and floating, rotating in mid-air and in many different directions. All the clone soldiers were donning helmets. “That gauntlet has the ability to create wormholes between this world and ours,” Matt explained. “He’s going to bring his new army into our world and try to take it over.”
“You’re kidding!”
“These guys have abilities based in the fantasy world of video games. Once they get to our world, they will be able to run like Tempo the Hamster, jump like Super Pedro, shoot like Nuke Blaster, summon up monstrous creatures like Simon Waldorf.” 
“God,” Lauren scratched her head. “Clones from another dimension taking over our reality. That’s a pretty outrageous plot.” 
“Tell me about it!” Matt replied before shrugging. “That’s video games for ya.”
“Who comes up with these things?” Lauren asked.
“Usually Japanese alcoholics, but that is not important right now,” Matt replied. “You have to fight The Controller.”
“Why me?” Lauren asked. 
“Because this is your adventure,” Matt replied. “It has been from the beginning. You’re the hero. I’m just the princess!”
“You’re the princess?”
“Look,” Matt replied, pointing up at The Controller. “He’s just standing there. He knows what you have to do. You have to defeat him before the portal opens and all those soldiers start marching into the real world. This is one of those levels in video games where you have to beat the clock. That portal is the clock!”
“What about all those soldiers?” Lauren asked. “They’ll attack me before I even get to him.”
“No!” Matt replied. “They won’t! They’re just background fodder, giving the game a real world feel and a semblance of dimension when really, the mission is straightforward. GO!”
With that, Lauren started running past all of the clone soldiers, who ignored her as she jumped up to where The Controller was standing. She held her skull weapon in a relaxed and ready position after her feet hit the metal catwalk.
The Controller dropped his cape to the floor and attacked first. Lauren deflected all of the blows from his armored gloves with the skull weapon. Lauren spun around The Controller, wrapping the chain around his neck before flipping him over her shoulder. He hit the ground hard. His helmet popped off, revealing the face of Burgess Langley. The Controller sprung back up onto his feet, wiping blood from his lip.
“YOU!” Lauren recognized him from that one time he knocked on her door with a crate and balloons.
Meanwhile, Nuke was just standing there, astonished, watching the portal being formed in front of the soldiers. Lightning bolts were being sucked into a black hole in the middle of this room. Nuke turned and saw Tempo standing on the other side of the laboratory, right next to both Pedro and Hector.
Hector held a flowerpot in his hand. There was a flower in this flowerpot, one with a fireball in the direct center of it. The petals of this flower had grown from the fireball. Waving his hand over this flower, Hector burst into flames. Soon, the flames melted into Hector’s body and, for some reason, changed the green and blue overalls he was wearing into white ones.
Hector opened his hand and there danced a fireball, the tongues of fire tickling his palm. Hector extended his arm until fireballs started firing out of his palm, rapid fire, completely incinerating one Matt-clone soldier with each fiery blast.
Lauren pulled out a gun and fired laser bullets into the armored chest of The Controller. The Controller took two steps backwards and vanished in a flash. Looking down at the lab, she saw Tempo the Hamster, running at bullet speeds, knocking down all the clones. He was kicking them in the head and tying them up with rope before they could fall. Simon Waldorf was battling the soldiers with his whip, surrounded by allies, numerous speedy, bat-winged skeleton warriors. Nuke was just as deadly with the laser bullets from his guns.
Hector continued to pummel his enemies with fireballs. Pedro was there to back him up, using his martial arts prowess and a pair of hardcore nunchaku, made from two monkey wrenches and a strong piece of wire. But when Pedro tried to make his brother laugh with his best Bruce Lee impression, letting out a high-pitched “wahw” sound, Hector scolded him with a look.
“Dude, that’s a stereotype,” he said, throwing another fireball over his shoulder, pummeling a Matt-clone without even looking.
“Sorry, Holmes.”
Suddenly, Lauren felt a sharp pain in her back that made her stumble forward. She dropped her skull weapon off the catwalk as she struggled to keep her balance, finally having to grab on to the railing. 
There stood The Controller. “1 up, baby!” the villain said, holding up his armored gloved fists. Lauren swung around that catwalk’s railing and ducked the swinging fists and karate chops of this armored villain. She pressed two fingers against her bracelet and Imp’s sword formed in her hand.
The Controller pulled a cylindrical weapon off of his belt, and with a turn of a handle, two blades shot out, increasing that weapon’s size twofold. “Round two…” The Controller snarled. “Fight!”
Lauren pointed this sword at The Controller and thrust it in his general direction as powerful waves of light pummeled him. Two such bolts hit his armor and knocked him backwards before The Controller was able to regain his balance and deflect the next two energy blasts with his weapon.
With the speed of Tempo, The Controller darted forward and slashed Lauren’s leg. She fell backwards and hit the ground hard. Lauren got back to her feet and since she was no longer able to fire lasers out of her sword, she started to duel with the costumed end boss, blocking each swipe of The Controller’s weapon with a defensive move of her own.
It was just then that the ceiling above Lauren, which looked like concrete, shattered as though it were made out of glass. FBI agents, wearing bulletproof vests and wielding high-powered rifles, came scaling down from the ceiling on thick cables. They surrounded The Controller. A gun went off and The Controller dropped to the floor. His red and green armor disappeared as the limp body of Burgess Langley hit the catwalk, cradling his wounded leg. 
“That portal will take you home, kid…to the exact time and place you left,” one of the nice agents said to Lauren, pointing the barrel of his weapon at the head of this horribly bad man. “Get your brother and go! We’ll handle this from here!”
“What’s going on?” Lauren asked, noticing that Matt was now climbing the ladder to meet the FBI agents that were part of what was essentially the ending to this game.
This better be good, Matt thought. A lot of hard games have disappointing endings.
“We’ve been monitoring this man’s activities for some time,” the agent replied as the other FBI agents started to handcuff Burgess. “Burgess Langley is in cahoots with a cannibalistic scientist who sells weapons to dangerous men all over the world. We had to wait for the right moment to strike. This world is one big video game…with characters he owns and controls…so for a short time, we had to play by his rules. We had to wait until someone made it to the last stage of the last level before we could even make a move.”
“You think you’ve won!” shrieked Burgess as he was dragged away. “But this is a video game! The villains always come back in video games! Whether it is on the next level or in the next game…the villains always come back!”
“How did you get here?” Matt asked.
“One of our informants managed to acquire a series of cheat codes from the popular video game magazine Sore Thumbs,” the cop replied, “Cheat codes that allowed us to alter the rules of the game to the point that we could sneak in undetected.”
“Cheat codes,” Matt said, folding his arms and nodding. “How many video games would I have beaten without cheat codes?” Lauren turned to look at him. “Probably all of them, but without cheat codes to make the game easier, the strategy that is laced into most video games might have stimulated my mind…and who needs that?” 
“Go home, kid!” the cop said, pointing at the portal. “There’s nothing to see here.” Lauren nodded in agreement.
“Game over,” she said.
With that, Lauren and Matt climbed down from the catwalk and headed for the portal. Lauren pulled Simon Waldorf’s invisibility cloak out of her menu bracelet and gave it back to him. “Thanks for letting me borrow it,” she said. Then, she handed him Imp’s sword. “You’ll probably need this more than I will…hunting gruesome fiends and all.”
“Thanks, Lauren,” Simon said, shaking her hand with gratitude. “Thanks a bunch.”
With that, it was time to leave. Lauren said her goodbyes to all her brother’s favorite video game characters before following Matt towards the swirling vortex, a tunnel between two separate realities. She stopped in front of the still-glowing Gauntlet of Power, as it was just lying there in the middle of the lab, and picked it up.
“What are you doing?” Matt asked.
“Souvenir,” Lauren replied, carrying this gauntlet through the portal.
The door to Matt’s bedroom closet swung open and both Lauren and Matt found themselves back where they started before their amazing adventure. Lauren looked down at her hands and discovered that, instead of holding the gauntlet, she was holding the Mind-Bend-O virtual reality helmet.
In the video game world, Lauren was wearing the magic bracelet that housed all of her weapons and items. In this world, the wire that plugged the helmet into the video game system was wrapped around her wrist.
“So, that was what opened the doorway,” Matt said. “It was the helmet all along.” 
“Yeah,” Lauren said. “I think we should destroy it.”
“What? Why?”
“That’s why I took it!” Lauren stated. “Don’t you think that this helmet would be dangerous if it fell into the wrong hands again?”
“Nuts to that,” Matt said, snatching the helmet from his sister and plucking the wire off her wrist. “I wanna go back there someday, sis. It’s my helmet…I won it…and all video games have sequels.”
“Fine!” Lauren shouted, rolling her eyes and shrugging before she walked out of the room. “You just sit here and ignore the fact that there is a real world out there and that real life is full of real challenges! If I want to even think about applying to that professional school next semester…I have homework to do.”


The 1 Up Café.
Observant bartender that he was, Hector Pedro noticed that Nuke seemed sad. He was not binge drinking, smoking cigars and harassing women, the way he normally did, but was just sort of staring out into nothingness as he sipped his beer, little by little. “You miss that kid, don’t you?” Hector asked.
“She taught me so much,” Nuke replied. “Y’know, she was probably the first female that I ever really respected. At first, it was because she was fourteen, y’know, but then I got to thinking. Maybe I have been wrong to treat women as objects for my leering and catcalls all my life. Women are deep, emotional, sensitive, beautiful human beings that deserve our respect. We live in a society that is far too focused on the outward appearance. Movies, TV and men’s magazines all portray women as objects and it’s wrong!” Nuke’s impassioned speech got the attention of a few other bar patrons. “I’d say it’s time we all come to appreciate the beautiful…spiritual beings women are, treating them in a chaste and kind manner…the same way that we would treat our mothers and our sisters….”
It was just then that Nuke caught sight of a gorgeous blonde who looked like she was wearing a full body tattoo, but it was a dress. She was headed in Nuke’s general direction. Nuke wiped some drool off his chin as she got closer and closer.
“…Or even…an ugly…cousin…who’s kind of…cool…because she…likes…sports?”
This woman looked at Nuke and gave him a very flirtatious smirk as she waved at him while walking by. “Hey stud!” she said.
“Oh my God!” Nuke exclaimed and immediately, his once-wobbly legs started propelling him towards her. “I’m gonna call a cop!” Nuke exclaimed. “Cuz it’s got to be a crime to look that good!”
Six Months Later.
It’s nice to see Nuke Blaster branching out and doing other kinds of video games, rather than the shoot-em-ups he usually does, Matthew Craft thought to himself while playing a colorful 3-D video puzzle game called Nuke’s Party Time. He had been playing this game for six hours straight and was sure he loved it. Like I said to George before, I don’t mind games that have a little grit to them, but video games are supposed to be fun…and this game has fun written all over it!  Matt guided the character of Nuke Blaster as he moved blocks from one place to the next, trying his best to avoid the little hamsters throwing rubber balls at him, trying to knock him off the jungle gym. Such a cute game.
Suddenly, Matt’s closet door flew open, startling him quite a bit. Matt let out a shriek, dropped the video game controller and jumped up onto his feet. He saw Nuke’s roommate and professional vampire hunter Simon Waldorf standing there.
“Hey!” Matt exclaimed, pointing at him as his jaw dropped. “Simon Waldorf!”
“Lauren!” he exclaimed, seeming out of breath. “Where is Lauren Craft?” 
“She’s at this open house thing,” Matt replied. “For this new school she just got accepted to.”
“I need her help,” Simon said, holding up a tattered map. “Mitochondria has returned to our dimension. Dr. Hard Drive has pinpointed his whereabouts. Lauren’s unique combination of skills in the field of archeology and proficiency with firearms are greatly needed. She is the only one who can assist me in navigating the subterranean caves of Dracukon.”
“Dracukon!” Matt exclaimed. “Dude, I’ve beaten every Castle Quest game ever made. Dracukon is a piece of cake…every stage on that level is exactly the same once you figure out where the skull lamps are trying to point you. Take me instead.”
“Oh no, you don’t!” Matt heard a voice behind him and saw Lauren standing in the doorway, leaning a pump rifle onto her shoulder.
“What do you mean, ‘oh no, I don’t’! Are you forgetting who the video game freak is in this family?”
“Yeah, but Simon’s younger cousin is cute,” Lauren whispered to Matt.
“Wolfio?” Matt exclaimed. “The skateboarding werewolf?”
“I think he’s gonna ask me out. Come on, don’t blow this for me.”
“Okay, but tell Cannon Man I’m still waiting for a call,” Matt replied. “We were supposed to go snarf hunting.”
Lauren pumped the handle on her powerful rifle, a dangerous, deadly weapon that she had learned to use quite effectively, thanks to video games. “Will do,” she told her brother as Simon handed her an upgraded Game Lad 3DX. This device would allow her to travel into the video game world and into Pixel City any time she wanted to. Lauren smiled at Simon, pressing ‘start’ to continue her adventure. “Let’s roll!”
For more sci-fi stories, check out…
turtlerocketbooks.com
