PRISON OF THE GODS
your mind is the key

Published by Professor Mustard at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Professor Mustard

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is dedicated to my soulmate Mermaid, whom I cherish this dance with forever as the music plays from out your heart life is so much better with you, Mother & Father who taught me to do it with Love and if possible Style, son who I am so proud of and who is my greatest contribution and achievement to this planet, my Sister who I am so happy I picked to journey with this life and I love dearly, good friends, Adam, Brady, and John, you know you can find some of the most beautiful experiences in some of the darkest places, you each have earned my friendship a dozen times over and have saved me from myself.

Discover these other titles by Professor Mustard at Smashwords.com:
Seducing Medusa, A Hole without Walls, Sound of Mind – adventures in schizophrenia, & When the Walls Walk Away



TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER 1 - Break of the Damned
CHAPTER 2 - Mind Stone
CHAPTER 3 - Bar Bender
CHAPTER 4 - All Fall Down
CHAPTER 5 - Keep the/of Faith
CHAPTER 6 - Out the Pastry Hole
CHAPTER 7 - Cooked Flamingo Pie
CHAPTER 8 - When Pigs Fly
CHAPTER 9 - Backdoor
CHAPTER 10 - Blight End
CHAPTER 11 - Jube My Monkey
CHAPTER 12 - Produce
CHAPTER 13 - Free Food
CHAPTER 14 - Forest of Fathers
CHAPTER 15 - Salt (and All Spice) Tears
CHAPTER 16 - Consumer Rights
CHAPTER 17 - Dream Beneath a Harvest Moon
CHAPTER 18 - Pig in a Blanket
CHAPTER 19 - Dance of the Dead
CHAPTER 20 - Horny Slugs
CHAPTER 21 - Pottery of Pain
CHAPTER 22 - Worm Hole
CHAPTER 23 - Kiss the Sky Goodbye
CHAPTER 24 - Get Off the Can
CHAPTER 25 - Demon Chiropractor
CHAPTER 26 - Trojan Hell
CHAPTER 27 - Table Manners
CHAPTER 28 - Orgy of the Mind
CHAPTER 29 - Rehabilitative Factory Plant
CHAPTER 30 - Rainbow Ripples
CHAPTER 31 - Dead King Gay Queen
CHAPTER 32 - Hunger Swells
CHAPTER 33 - Naked Before Chaos
CHAPTER 34 - Enslaved to Madness
CHAPTER 35 - Grin and Bear It
CHAPTER 36 - Heart Choker
CHAPTER 37 - High Wire
CHAPTER 38 - Crying Sunshine Dry
CHAPTER 39 - Heart of Clay
CHAPTER 40 - Key of Man
CHAPTER 41 - Saint's Temple
CHAPTER 42 - Saint's Temple II
PROLOGUE / CHAPTER 1 BREAK OF THE DAMNED
back to top
The butterfly gradually flutters down under the gnarled tree limb like a falling angel.  Blown by the breath of death’s hungry minions, it lands on a mossy blood stained boulder, its legs sticking to the spongy moss with the thick layers of red and black blood soaking it. The butterfly's wings flap fast and helpless, unmoving, stuck in the blood, a single purple stain amid the buzzing dreadnaught army of feasting flies and the sea of blackened red.  Though its death will be slow, it will not die alone…
The wind of change blows from the mouths of whatever bitter life spawns it, a new despair for the world of men soon erased.  The prayer that is muttered thousands times over, now before battle, the chant rises like entrails on flying vultures gory beaks, “Death be Swift and Quick to Ashes”, thousands of mouths pronounce it in the three languages of the different tribes before battle begins, as no longer hidden, the stench of death lurks everywhere, from inside the eye sockets of screaming skulls, to widowed maiden’s fallen swords.
In the valley below, a disorganized mass of men and beast lay.  Bodies, in a balanced artwork of gore, overlap each other, littering the mountain city and the once quaint villages of the valley, now empty shells, cottages burnt and smoldering, with death, on the scale of annihilation.  Every few feet a corpse lays, wounds bled out.  They are all slaughtered soldiers now, even the young pups, no stranger to war, villagers who have learned the art of killing well from the teachings of death.  Struck down, their bodies will stay posed in deadlock till the meat on their bones rots off.  Broken pikes and sword hilts, splintered axe shafts stabbing through heads and necks, arrows finding the opening in the eye slits of helmets, and dented shields, ineffective, found broken in half, can be found on the bodies sprawling across the dirt road leading up to the mountain temple, the trampled bodies lay motionless, trickles of blood congealing in the lake of drenched red soil, in a shared grave, lives spent so cheaply destroying the other, enemies sharing and giving the other the gift of their irreplaceable lives painful ending, bent on destruction, but far from a lasting peace.
They burn their own when they have the luxury.  The Mons enjoy human flesh and worse, dead comrades, friends weeks before sharing the cherished wine from each other’s flagon, now the vineyards ash, and the battlefields full of lurching undead with arms outstretched and moaning in a shuffle of lunges, yellow eyes bottomless, mouths, hollow sores, their skin is a sickening purple blood clot hue, stained in punctured misshapen dried bloodstains where they have their death wounds.  Zombies.  There is no crueler fate.
Agonized shouts and screams pierce the midnight air as the moans of the wind fight against the moans of the wounded and dying.  Savage howls follow with the clinging of swords crossing, singing with steel deep into the sleepless night.  All futile, they have but one last card to play, soon their world will crack open.
Once lush and green, Kidney Stone Mountain where the first tree grows, is now consumed by fire and molten rock sliding out and bubbling from pores. The earth bleeds from its wounds.
The wizard motions to the gathered party, "My power is drained.  Once inside I will not have the strength left to teleport us out.  We will not make it back."
Cement of Dwarves, Magnolia of Manitrees, undo their straps and let their loads drop.  Bane looks at his starving son, Moss, and he prepares a lighter pack for Moss to carry.  Bane gives a curt nod at the dwindling pack of warriors, so few of them now, and clasps arms in bittersweet goodbyes.
No words spoken.  A hug, a goodbye forever, his son, eight years old, picks up the pack and places the mail hood over his head.  He reaches up and touches his father’s eyes, making the sign of the sun over them.  He holds the pack close to his chest, in a tight embrace, his son understands, his father is already dead.
Bane wipes his son’s dirty face with his hands, untying it from his belt he hands his son a small leather bag, “You have your mama’s eyes,” he says kindly.  Moss removes a jar from his pack, opens it, and places his mother’s eyeballs in it.  The jar is full, with the eyes of his friends and family.
With an embrace, a wordless goodbye, he feels the spirits of his family rising up in his son.  Moss manages a half teary-eyed smile.
“I will not let them eat yours,” says Moss with determination.  “I will find another way in!  I will bronze your eyes into bells and hang them from our family tree!”  
"Make a ring and hold hands, time is running out!” the wizard commands and in their blood stained and blistered raw hands they each hold together tight, hanging on for dear life.  Chants rise, reaching deep pitches.  The stone of the mountain and the few scattered trees shake; slowly at first and then more vigorously until their images blur before disappearing all together leaving ripples in the fabric of life, aura shadows, ripping out holes and a loud 'CLAP' fills the air.
Inside Magnolia gasps as the others squint and flinch.  Their earlier potions of cat-eye draughts, in this light, blinds their senses as they refocus, momentarily in wonder, at the dazzling light.  It mesmerizes them.  Light, a luxury for those who have lived under eternal nightfall for the past decade, with the leech on their sun.  Here, reflected endlessly, light emits from the bark of a tree, and is mirrored by the ice, intensifying it, its limbs stretch out in all directions.
The walls look and smell like scrambled eggs.  In the middle of the cavern, the tree of light grows.
Its sways even though there is no wind and from its bark’s fiery glowing depths, rise embroidered faces charging, floating up to the surface in silent screams before submerging.
"Where fire and ice meet the first tree grows, bearing the seed of the Creator’s Soul," whispers niX, “but it’s tainted!”
The tree's roots soak in the fire of lava, the roots reach out for them as if in desperate cry for help, and its branches spread outwards into the icy prism of the ceiling, but continue curling, as if in pain.
They ready themselves, cautiously, niX walking, rubs his tired wrinkled hands over his wooden staff, he shakes his head “These tools of our creators are not meant for our hands, yet we must correct what was wronged.”
The Mosquito Man, they know all too well, as ancient as he is evil, a creator’s riddle.  Against all life, fueled by a rage and hunger insatiable, he holds them all in a chokehold, enslaving their planet to oblivion.
Crack of ice and a curse of interruption, as the Mosquito Man, awakes annoyed from his flesh cocoon dangling from the tree.  A god some call him, the maggot lord, as half of him is a giant maggot, but with legs stabbing out his torso, and wings as if in half-transformation of a fly, and the bulky limbs and large pumpkin head of a man complete him.
The four intruders stand their ground, sharing a calm of ones who know death is near and are comforted by it.  They will gamble this hopeless battle, where fighting does not ensure victory. They know as he toys with them that death by his hands is just a beginning for the tortured souls in his collection.  Around the lake the Mons, demonic beings, gather, jeering with cat calls and banging of swords on shields and the thumping of weapons on the floor.
He fights them alone, for passing amusement, for the sport.
“I’m the Mosquito Man whispering in your ear,” his voice shatters into their minds, with amused indifference, echoing inside their heads planting seeds it grows roots all around, bursting their will, “singing the songs you know you love to hear.”
He stops singing, his voice such a beautiful sound, that even against their will they wish he will continue and repeat it, as playfully he dives at them. With his voice still vibrating in their ears, his clawed talons grab at the wizard, snatching him up like a rag doll.
The Mosquito man flings niX’s body down against the cavern floor.
niX choosing to attack rather than break his fall, commands his energy tentacles, and a light casts off  his fingers, before he collides propelled and topples over the rocky boulders on the cavern floor, remaining very still.
The spell does its job; the Mosquito Man’s wings are now on fire with blue flames melting his skin. The Mosquito Man cries out in worm tongue as the blue flames die and his wings, glow, healing back to life.  His laughter echoes as the Mons cheer and give hooting cow calls.
Magnolia’s ready arrow strikes as Cement and Bane charge with axe and sword.  The arrows puncture the Mosquito Man in his face, yellow blood gushes out like slow sap, before solidifying.
Suddenly they hear voices in the air all around them, they turn quickly, but there is no one there.
"Damn niX?  Damn!  We’re what?  Screwed!  Impossible I say!  I have a bad feeling about this!"  rumbles Cement as he blinks out then back again behind the Mosquito Man, and lifting up his axe he severs through one of the giant stilt legs.  He curses as the wound bubbles, and grows out the beginning of another appendage, hesitant at first then pushing a large pincer from out a shattered watery egg yolk, the Mosquito Man’s limb regenerates back in place.
Their weapons and arrows are made from the special forged limbs of an ancient sacred tree drinking from the lava similar to the ancestral first tree.  They hoped the lineage of the ancient tree would pass down some of the heritage of the one tree’s magical potency, that it would be enough to kill the Mosquito Man.
“It appears the elders were wrong,” shouts Magnolia, “What now?”
Cement and Bane advance hacking and slashing their way, towards the torso of the beast pushing him towards the tree, his prison.
"How the spider catches the fly, now it’s my turn to suck you dry."  The Mosquito Man laughs.  His torso lifts up and he stands on his eight legs, rearing up with deadly clawed fingers. He lowers his staff and parries their attack with his claws while raising his stinger to strike.
“You do not understand, my children,” his voice blossoms flooding their heads with pleasure, “I am the father of all life, so I forgive, you can no more kill me then a knife can cut its own blade, I will always live.”
Bane charges and leaps on his head plunging his sword deep in the Mosquito Man’s mouth, severing the tongue.  Thrashing, the Mosquito Man shakes Bane off, and his tongue splits into three separate black ones.  Bane struggles to get up but too late, the Mosquito Man impales Bane with his large stinger.  Bane gasps out, screaming and vomits out blood as the stinger, stabbing, shoots a yellow poison into him.  Bane’s body fills up with venom till his abdomen and chest expand out like a giant ripe peach, ready to burst, veins of blue poison coursing all over the top of his skin.
The others pause shocked for a moment then as if accepting this fate fight on.
The moaning of voices echoing in the cavern turns into a chant and vibrates through the walls.  There is still no visible source from where it comes from.  The Mons along the sidelines, between cheers, look around also, as if also startled by the chanting sounds all around them.
Magnolia shoots more arrows, plunging into his face and he, thrashing, digs at his eyes as the arrows stick deep in them, he pulls his eyeballs out he throws them at Magnolia.  A new sack of eyeballs grow in their place.  Magnolia screams, as they stick in her, covering her legs and chest, they lodge their eye roots deep inside her flesh and open wide, the eyeballs roll around in every angle, staring, from their new found socket holes, out with pure hatred.
“I see with my eyeballs you have a baby inside you, my dear.”  Laughs the Mosquito Man, “he will make a good socket to root my eye stems in to watch the end of man’s crumbling tier!”  She cries as she feels the eyeballs digging inside her, and then shrieks in horror as they begin to crawl inside her, pulling at them in a frenzy, ripping them off of her as they try to enter her womb.  They pop and multiply, pinning her down, they cover her body until she cannot move and is forced to lay there, an eye sack for the Mosquito Man to gaze out of as she watches helplessly the destruction of her friends, in the twelfth dimension from hundreds of different vantage points.
The air, thick, interwoven in chanting voices, so heavy with sound it threatens to crush them.
Suddenly there is a loud, “WHOOSH!”
A giant hole opens from between the roots of the tree.  A hole of darkness in the light shows a portal into the night.  They are pulled toward it, the portal freshly open sucks at them drawing them in, their voices are lost in the vacuum.  The source of the voices grows, the Mons around the lake of brimstone run away, escaping out the chamber as the vacuum, force of a savage hurricane, pulls at them.
Through the hole, an image shines, a dark portal.  A glowing shadow of a shrouded tower can be seen across the threshold.
"Hear the call of sin, my children, and know this, I will always win." the Mosquito Man cackles in amusement lumbering towards the first tree.  With a giant scream he stabs the tree with his staff, red and blue magicka pour out as the light from the tree gets sucked in the staff.  The tree grows dim and dimmer then completely dark as the Mosquito Man is drawn towards the vacuum of the portal.
Cement sees his comrades dying, being pulled in, he has a chance, as he also is caught in the stream of suction. The Mosquito Man is distracted, Cement blinks out, then blinks back, appearing on the Mosqutito Man’s back, he rips the staff out of the Mosquito Man’s hand, and stabs it into the Mosquito Man’s maggoty back.
Screaming, thrashing, the Mosquito Man quivers, blue blood squirts out and flows in gushes from the wound, the blood turns black as the Light begins to enter the Mosquito Man.  Cement digs pushing the staff in further, he feels the Mosquito Man thrashing body under him sag.  He is so close!
The Mosquito Man shakes his head, reaching behind but can’t pull out the staff.  Cement screams as he is grabbed and crushed in the beasts fist, “Ah, my little man, you did it... here you deserve, a... here, let the kiss of your god turn you into a prince, my little pathetic tadpole!” his venomous black tongue enters Cements mouth and as he screams lowers licking his eternal organs.  “You can be my egg! What greater fate I ask, my love?”  The Mosquito man vomits thousands of maggots on Cement.  Wiggling in agony, every inch of the dwarf is bleeding and covered with maggots squirming and digging into his flesh, they enter his mouth and anal glands, they worm into his skin, Cement’s scream never ends.
“WAMP!”  the portal opens completely sucking them into its vortex.  The members of the party, dying, are unable to escape and fly from across the room into the portal’s vacuum.  They hear one word from the Mosquito man, he whispers one word, barely audible above the noise of the chanting, the word they hear but do not understand, "Transmitting" he says his head rocking in laughter as he lets go of the floor and leaps into the portal.
niX, Magnolia, Bane and Cement, follow, sucked into the portal, leaving the aftermath image of the tree’s light burning into their retinas.
One of the tree limbs reaches out and touches Magnolia, wiggling in pain as she is propelled into the portal, ‘Why this tree is made of metal and bone’ is the last thing Magnolia thinks before a surge of power jolts through her body and she too falls into darkness.
CHAPTER 2 MIND STONE
back to top


The moon shines like a full breast exposed to the night, its nipple winking, twinkling far above the tide, rising to drown the weak, forever sealing their souls in cocoons, in the place where light merges with shadow and darkness is in the hearts of all.
Small ripples of water lightly kiss against the glass cheeks of bottles, hollow and rising half afloat among puddles of bloated paper and trash; hypodermic needles connect to wire synapses and circuitry bob aimlessly amid disposable diapers, bloated match books with illuminated covers of bouncing breasts and turquoise lips partially concealed by spongy transparent bodies of fur and flesh lining the water’s surface, overturned phone booths, like floating coffins, barnacled to structures by mounds of algae layered over coats of caked on paint covering the walls with words and slogans suggesting to ‘Smoke Napalm’ and “No Allowed”.  It is the seaweed of a city long dead.
In the space of every ten meters skeletons jingle together in harmony with the wind.  Hanging on long, metal utility poles; the bleach white bones rap against one another in a dance of the dead.  Lines of wire and circuitry, ribbons and plugs hang loose from empty eye sockets and connect to dead power boxes on their torsos to make the network.  Nothing but the crows give them second thought, as visible to all onlookers, they add to the stench of the city air. The city generators once fried; now they rest ignored by the ignorant. Long dead, the bones reminisce of the better days, when free power was just a condemned prisoner away, and state of the art technology was breaking through everyday.
Ashton is below sea level, an inverted mountain fifty miles inland.  A city laid to waste by the corporate war and the wraith of nature.  It is still habitable, but only barely.
The ocean’s fingers slowly climbing overtook the city sewage system, till bladders full; they defecated up through the grates, flooding the street with waste.  The water level now rests comfortably six inches above concrete.
A figure detaches itself from the surrounding darkness.  Vague in appearance, shrouded in shadows, his features are lost to the night and indistinguishable.  A bleak form, he walks beneath bristling building bridges, and smoldering pipes, like circuitry, which web along the city’s surface.
Blight pulls his trench coat tighter around him, automatically digging his nose beneath his collar.  The stench of his own sweat is far more preferable then that of the city, and with the price of water, that is saying something.
Around him silent erections of concrete and steel make love to the night, their towering tops submerged in the womb of darkness.  High overhead, bridges and archways span the gaps between the skyscrapers, the method of travel for the rich and corporate executives, of which Blight falls into neither class.  While the rest of the city wades through their own shit, they walk above the clouds.
Blight can feel anti-loitering turret guns following him step for step as he walks down Whale Song Street whistling a sour tune.  The melody takes a few notes before he remembers the words.
‘Hi low’ the common greeting, a bad joke taken from the verse of the song ‘Die low’.  The song churns over in the back of his memories, ‘How’m I gonna die?  low Why can’t I see the sky?  low...’
He mechanically walks down the middle of the street, where the water is deepest, but he is safe from any garbage spewing out of the chutes and pipes, which web down the sides of the buildings.  The executives’ solution to the sewage problem.
To his right, a small group of people huddle close together on the street corner.  Next to them on the building wall, the word “Produce” is spray painted with an arrow pointing up towards an over-hanging green pipe that juts off the side of the building.  All of the produce garbage chutes are marked, and there is always a crowd standing beneath them, ready to receive.
Their faces, straining upwards, are stained in the residue of food; vegetables blended into juicy strands, spoilt yellow lumps of dairy products, the colorless jelly formaldehyde used to keep the meat fresh, and dried blood and gore, all of which lump their hair together, and stain their clothes in a collective blandish brown.
All are waiting for a meaty chunk of bone, or a slab of meat to slip through the blades of the disposal into their outstretched hands.  At first the sight of them, searching on their hands and knees in the water for a bone, fighting over a raw chunk of flesh, had disgusted Blight, but since then he has been tempted more than once to join their ranks.  Another follower of the garbage disposal god praying for offerings.
An old man sits on a dumpster, wearing baggy pants and a torn jacket.  In his lap he holds a guitar, with but one string, he thumbs it as he sings.
“Gonna go o o back to Mindville,
where the ro o oses grow.
can’t take this reality shit,
no, no.”
He pauses for a moment then replays the same verse, his bare feet rapping against the dumpster for rhythm.
Blight leaves the small crowd and continues up the street, the old man’s words follow haunting him a short ways before dying.
For the most part, the streets are gratifyingly empty and quiet.  The peaceful solitude only vaguely disturbed by an occasional shadow moving behind a boarded window, or a muffled shout echoing off a distant concrete wall.
He cuts through a parking lot on his side, weaving through the antique corpses of automobiles water logged and rusting in their watery graves.  An occasional face peers out from the cars’ windows as he passes.  Shadowed faces, they sink, full of mistrust and fear, weary and wary of their own vulnerability.  They stare at him for a second before they fall back into their bundle of rags and blankets, which make up their beds.  Nothing to fear, it’s one of our kind, another wet, hung out to dry, bum being eaten away by the streets.  Many of the faces he passes don’t peer up and probably never will.
Blight stops in front of a padded door.  Overhead a neon sign sputters on and off.  It reads ‘The Dead Penguin.’  A smaller sign underneath it, appearing to be held in place only by the soot and gummy siding that barnacles the filth, reads in scribbled words. ‘Bones for sale’ with a list of names underneath it.  They are all fake aliases, just an empty account to bone up into, a name is not worth much except as a temporary user identity, and they are all users here.
Blight scans down the list; resting on one familiar account name scratched out, Flamingo Eddy.  His eyes flicker momentarily as a light comes lit in their depths and that old familiar smile returns to his lips.  It is good to be home.

CHAPTER 3 BAR BENDER
back to top

Inside the bar swells with people and the stagnant smell of sweat and waste staggers through the midnight air.  Most are jacked into the network, masked figures in their webbing, their bodies convulsing as they experience untold pleasures.  In shadowy corners deals are being struck at soundproof tables, an exchange of pirated goods.
Thousands of bars like this stretch across the countryside, still no matter what city he travels, the smell of greasy funk, the smell of home, the familiarity and sleaze of his own welcomes him.  Home sweet Home!  Here he can submerge into the grime underside of the fish’s belly, the living being of the net, Mindville.  He spent his youth in places like this running pirated hardware or hacking corporate holdings.
A girl approaches Blight, stopping at one of the stations to jack into.
“Hey Baby.”  She says, lips pouting.
Blight turns and sees her standing behind the pole, her thin hands clasping around it, as if for support, and one of her cheeks pressing against its side.
Her flaming red hair, bonded with grit and grime, bunches together in thick strands, long and flowing headless snakes, which sliver down her back.  Her lips are cracked and parted, as if in a silent prayer, and sunken trenches highlight her bright green eyes.
She has a hunted look about her, but also something else, a hungriness, a savageness, a drawing animal magnetism, which swallows him whole.  A truthful yearning which undoes all the years of frivolities that society has strove to maintain, unmasking all the splendor before the naked eye; the school teachers preaching of immoral sin and wrongful doings, all the while her eyes unconsciously drifting downwards, to those naughty, private places; a coroner, dissecting a healthy, female body, hands savagely fondling her liver and heart, all the while waiting for closing time, when with the smell of raging formaldehyde burning his nostrils, and a bottle of baby lotion; all the years which humanity has fought to separate itself from the animal kingdom, beneath lavish clothes and locked doors, all undone in an on gazers stare at this fragile, frail girl.
“Want to connect?”  She says softly and holds up a wire with plugs on either end, she brings it up between her lips and runs her tongue over it, exposing the ridges of wire synapses sewn.
Her eyes stare at him with an unemotional, detached look, a vacant, empty stare, while she wraps her legs around the pole and presses her body tightly into it, wedging it between her breasts, so that it pushes them out on either side like a car jack.
“Some other time princess, I’m late.”  Blight says edging past her.
She swings around the pole, and with the friction of flesh, plastic, and metal screeching, stops in front of him, her long bunched up braids of red hair spraying wildly before falling back into place.  She stands on her tippy toes and brushes her lips against his cheek while she slides an address chip into his pocket.  "Access me if you get lonely," she says, " I'm always on."  Her hand reaches down and playfully pets her plastic webbing.
Her plastic is cut for a tight fit, and snugly etches out the muscles running beneath its surface.  It is the same type of suit he wears, composed of a flexible plastic with a webbing of ridges where the insulation wires run, touching skin.  Its appearance looks very much like the inside of a cheek, repulsive, but necessary, for without it you cannot connect to the network.  The more wires, the more nerve endings covered, the better the experience and consequently the more expensive the suit.  The wiring of her suit is concentrated more around her sexual organs than anywhere else; running up her breasts and between her thighs like lines of a mountain on a topographical map, but for the most part, it is the basic exoskeleton style.  Just the basics so you know you are there.
Blight pushes past her and heads for the back room where the rented office is, ordering his usual, a cold finger cricket. He knows they substitute cockroaches for crickets, it is evident in the taste, still it beats the hell out of the muddy water they serve and anyway unless one of the roaches somehow escapes the blender and is swimming in his drink, it doesn’t bug him.  Over the bar a stuffed penguin’s glass eyes follows Blight, its beak and webbed feet are waxed and shiny and its feathery fur is slicked back into place.  The penguin has a fat cigar hanging out of its mouth and a glass of ale held close to its chest.  Under it a sign reads, ‘Only the Best.’  
Blight tips his drink to the dead penguin. 

CHAPTER 4 ALL FALL DOWN
back to top

Blight uses the bar code on his thumb for verification and the door slides open.  He changes the bar code as often as he changes his boxers even though the consequences for this action carries the corporate penalty code with it, a list of acts that if found guilty of require that he became sole property of the corporations, to be eaten or enslaved or whatever they deem necessary.  The list grows longer each year.  Right now he cares as much about the corporate penalty code as he cares about the sex life of a fruit fly; he just doesn’t give a damn anymore.  If they find him they will kill him, but they have to find him first and the only way he will be caught is if he doesn’t change the bar code and assume another identity.  So it all works out.  He smiles a grim smile and walks into the room that they tentatively call their lobby as the door closes behind with a rasp of bolts sliding into place.
The lobby stinks of mold and wet fur; the walls are bleak and barren, cheap plastering with numerous holes punched through them, interior plaster, outer-wall steel frame.  The floor is cement and damp in most places, you can still tell where the old carpeting use to lay by the semi clean patches.
In the middle of the room, in a purple chair, deep and fluffy with holes and tears but comfy, sits Mercy, their ‘secretary’.  Her plastic webbing hangs loose around her smooth skin.  Her mask is an old fashion style.  She stares at Blight with large bug eyes, their coverings black.  Patches of plastic rest over her ears, connecting with black tubing that runs up each nostril and a plastic mouthpiece clamped between her mouth.  A cropping of bright platinum white hair spring forth from out her elastic mask straps.
Blight has no idea of what she looks like under her mask; he has never seen her face.  She seems pretty in a nice way but that doesn't really matter, all that matters is how you look on the inside.  Besides she is the only human secretary they can afford.
In his office, a small closet space, a step-board connects with the motherboard, cords of color coded cables plug into the mainframe, the connection is untraceable, the address of the router changes after each use, it lends itself to Blight’s flexible career of corporate pirating.
The programmer, Flamingo Eddy, is sealed in the adjourning closet, although they have worked very closely for the past year, Blight has not seen him in months.  The only thing noticeable about him is a small pin he always wears on his webbing chest that says, "Do you know where your body is?"
‘Freak’, he thinks stepping into the cubical, and plugging in.  He slides his head mask over his face.
A hollow light shot, perfectly circling his pupils and he falls inside, into the rainbow world of Mindville.

***
Blight adjusts his eyes and allows them time to refocus, when he looks up again he is seated behind his executive desk.  The walls are lined with lavish bookshelves, the bookbinder’s colors all a soft, soothing hue, which compliment the gray carpet, giving the impression of colorful mists of steam rising off the ocean's surface.
There is a light rapping on the door, before it pushes open slightly and a cheerful face peeps into the room.
“Hello Blight, was wondering when you’d show up,” says Mercy with a smile.  Strolling, she sits on the edge of his desk.  She is wearing an executive dress, which curves, around her body like an inner tube on a wheel.  Her hair is jet black and cut in a short professional style.  In each hand she holds a steaming cup of coffee.  Her scent is alluring and the whole atmosphere of the room is cheery.  Colors always seem so much more vivid here.
"Access Flamingo Eddy for me" says Blight
“Already did,” she smiles and points, “Portal Three,” before she sinks into the ground, devilish smile, “I’m going down for a intense meeting with a clan of dog men,” she says with a wink, showing off the necklace of steaks and pork chops around her neck and waist.
“Whatever gets your goat,” says Blight walking to the portal.
Flamingo Eddy works inside the network, a programmer who creates his own reality.  Blight himself is more of a circuit and hardware specialist; with Eddy working the inside, and he the out, they make a good team.
Portal number three is a portrait of a red plateau, it is titled, ‘Mind Stone, User Flamingo Eddy’ then below it reads, ‘warning security clearance’.
Blight puts his hands on the painting, his fingers stretch through the picture and he feels like a little boy, too short to reach the freezer to get the popsicle, straining upwards into the cold unknown, the straining, the cold, then he watches his hands become soaked in the canvas.  Slowly he half dives through the portrait.  He experiences a mix between a flying and swimming sensation, with small lights of dots spiraling in liquid motion, recomposing his vision.  When he steps out he feels a small tingling; he is alone on top of a reddish clay mesa.
He stands on top of an abstract plateau.  It is made from coarse grains of sand, shiny, they sparkle like the scales of a red dragon, a rumbling, from deep below, like hell’s stomach growling, hungry, the defense program catching scent.  A blackened chasm stretches out around the plateau, of where there is no end in sight.  On the other side of the cliff, a tall gray tower blooms through the red soil, like a skeletal finger breaking free from the grave.
The dark sea and landscape shape-shifts, with some lag due to high traffic.  Now a sun, blinks, then an eye obliterating the sky opens up.  The red sand rearranges itself into the coarse scales of a demon, leering down, expanding into solid form drawing from the night.  The defense program targets him.  Obliterating the horizon like a sunrise clearing the mountaintop, the demon leers down at him.  He stares at Blight, his pupils burning bright red with fire.  Blight is standing in its hand.
Next to him are the bones of the other less fortunate users who used the wrong password or tried to hack their way through the defense program.  Some of those bones are Blight’s previous accounts, when he forgot the password, now barren of even a user name, all files deleted and inaccessible, gutted and destroyed, utterly useless to him now.
He makes a point to remember them now and Flamingo Eddy, a paranoid freak, gave in agreeing to use shorter passwords.
The demon growls, ‘State password now’ then begins the countdown.
“I can fly,” says Blight.
"Are you a duck?"  asks the demon.
Blight sighs feeling so stupid, "No, I'm just quackers."  He says.
"Accepted and welcome," The demon growls.  Blight is enclosed in complete darkness before it unveils and he is standing once more alone on the plateau.  A bridge now spans the chasm.
Walking towards the base of the tower.  He feels a growing dread come over him, a sense of uneasiness clawing up his spine.  The fear is unexplainable, irrational, but still present.
The wind, unobstructed, blows across the red valley, howling past his ears, as if the age of time is at the doorstep calling him, a moaning despairing sound, a witness to the testimony of deep and skin peeling suffering.
Blight shrugs it off.
The tower looms over him, silhouetted against a blood red sky.  The stones are worn and a few crumble beneath his feet, over their surface, runes are carved, some nothing more than slight indentions in the rock, whatever they once were, having long since been erased by the hands of time, others are more pronounced, but even so, they are in a language Blight has never seen.
At the top of the staircase Flamingo Eddy, mat of orange hair, blowing around his ears; he greets Blight with a look of apprehension, his eyes wrinkled in a state of puzzlement.
“This really takes the cake,” Eddy says greeting him, “Look,” Eddy breaks a brick against the base of the steps and it crumbles in half.  Eddy lifts it up and shows it to Blight.
Blight has never seen Eddy this excited before.  Blight sighs, waiting for the explanation, he prefers not to get so technical in the programmer dribble Flamingo Eddy always spouts.  He says, “What now?”  Learning from past experiences,  just humor him, till he settles down.
“Someone loves masonry a little too passionately, the programming is freaking unreal!” Eddy’s hands are shaking “Look at this!  Beautiful, I am in actual worshiping awe!  Do you know what it took to program?  The pores, the grain!  All of that for a brick?”
“A memory block” Blight says, not at all impressed.
"Can’t remember something which has never happened, dumbson simpleton.  I can see this is lost on you.  Try to imagine spending a year of programming, just for this brick.  Each is an individual set.  Priceless code in incredible detail, so vivid, we are in a masterpiece, an artwork, priceless!  Am I crazy here or is this just odd?”
“Great, another over the top fruit cake job,” Blight shrugs and says, “Idle minds, I no longer try to figure it out, but yes, you are crazy, just not crazy enough to know it.”
Eddy’s grin splits ear to ear, the look of a worthy competitor sizing up a challenge, a virgin city to be plundered, “This tower is out of our league, or out of space.  Hard-boiled, Einstein it!  They’re gonna ring me up on the utility pole!  I have a very bad, even oppressing you might say, feeling here.”

CHAPTER 5 KEEP THE/OF FAITH
back to top

Blight walks through the tower's thick wooden door in the shape of a mouth.
The granite floor is carved with intricate indentions and designs, rivers of liquid light run, like irrigation ditches, glowing cracks on the tiled floor.
Runes cover the rows of shelves against the walls, filled with color-coordinated books they are titled in seven digit numbers of ones and zeros.
A series of portraits hang beautifully, all breathtaking, but the one that catches Blight’s eye is of a magnificent tree.  It pulsates in waves of light shattering against the murky surroundings.  Light from deep in the heart of the tree shines through the portal.  The tree in the portrait is inside a cavern of lava and ice, casting out a prism of bright light.
Blight walks to the main abyss of the tower library, the center of the room.  A source of light gathers there, occupying a small fountain.  Blight feels a calling force pull at him towards the well of light and moves closer squinting over the side.
"Funny," he says, "I feel something."
Eddy puts a hand on Blight's shoulder to steady and pull him back, "This is like nothing I've ever seen before, seems to be a data dump, only when I try to get a fix on its location and contents I read only null and void, who knows what is stored in their depth, you could call it a file vortex, a black hole of data, or something." 
Tiny ripples of light lap the edges.  Stepping back, he scuffs the floor and brushes away loose debris of dirt and sand uncovering the illegible markings of words mixed in with symbols.  Blight kneels and scrapes the ground, revealing a metal plaque, which reads, "Well of Life."  Looking down into the well he sees something rising just out of sight, "Something's down there," he says, and reaches down into the well.
"DON'T!" shouts Eddy.
The surface of liquid light pulls at him, his finger, it stretches, dragging like a shadow thin and demented, a need comes over him, to jump inside, a strong calling, an urge, he can barely suppress it.  In between the flashes of light is darkness crashing in waves.  His own body is lost and falling, a feeling sensation of his body crawling away, leaving him here bare and naked, alone, a taste of venomous numb.
Blight sees faces falling like snowflakes in a blizzard and then as quick as it starts the light swirls out of him and pulls into the well going further and further down, he moves closer preparing to follow when a hand grabs at his shoulder.
“Easy, man!”  Says Flamingo Eddy, “You don’t want to go there.”
When Blight looks again the well is filled with a red liquid that makes him shudder.  The plaque now reads, "In His Blood."
"Don't ask," said Eddy, "I couldn't tell you what just happened, are you alright?"
“Never.”
“Always!  Man you were almost toast!”
Blight, back to business, shakes it off.  He checks their portal portraits, to reality, for errors.  There is always a slight risk in disconnecting without exiting, it can be done but, before the danger was discovered, many people suffered from mental disorders or, more likely, the system hardware got damaged.  There is a variety of physical problems associated with improper shut down as well.
“As you know" Eddy says, "the Bards bakery is a front for the Purple Robe’s Satellite Station.  At exactly midnight tonight, they’ll get a transmission.  We don’t know or care what the transmission is.  Our employer went to a lot of trouble to employ us on no questions asked basis.  The gig is to replace the motherboard, just after the transmission is received.  This will allow me to redirect the transmission into our own memory banks.  Got it?"
A small duck comes plodding across the floor.  "Your crystal ball is ready," it quacks.
"Thank you SyCo" says Eddy to his systems computer.  A crystal sphere hangs wrapped in a winged serpent’s tongue on a bone pedestal.  All hackers have some sort of tool for file manipulations; the crystal ball is Eddy's.
“There's one camera in the bakery shop, and one in the kitchen.”  Eddy waves his hand over the crystal ball and suddenly it comes to life, steam rolls off its surface and through the haze Blight sees a vision of a counter, where a figure sits idly wiping it, behind her is a shelf of pastries.
It changes to an abstract collage of colors formed into geometric shapes before it changes again into an automated kitchen.  A series of hydraulics and pistons moving, each performing a simple task, cutting and squirting dough, filling pastries with cream, running automatically.
“Don’t worry about getting recorded,” Eddy says, “I’ve located where they store the recordings and will disconnect them as soon as you enter.”  He points to a green book entitled 1001011.
Blight studies the books closer.  They are not really books at all, more like little boxes designed to look like books, their covers have intricate designs carved into them, almost matching the floor, tiny irrigation ditches.  He touches a blue one and is surprised when his finger sinks into its surface.  It is like a wet sponge.  He pulls his finger out and the tip of it is blue matching the color of the book.
“There are a few AL Prods, as the Artificial Life Units like to be called, but nothing serious, should be a piece of cake for you killer.”
Blight sighs, unconvinced, Eddy is hiding something, which, since he neglected to mention it makes it even worse, but what else is new?  He nods.  Back at the portrait entitled, User Two “Sugar Gums”, Blight’s temporary account, and as steam rises he puts his hands on the executive black frame and then propels himself towards the wall.  As his body goes through, the paint on the canvas swirls up like a dried raisin in the sun, growing smaller and smaller until the canvas is completely blank and he again slowly begins to feels the weight of his body once more a hungry haunted beast that bleeds and aches and craves to feed, still floating high on the sensory stimulators of Mindville.  His face mask tumblers click back into place and his dogs guarding the backdoors, a pack of hell hounds unleashed, all security programs, rush to meet him and then run past him charging and attacking the spy ware malicious tracking devices trying to get a fix on his account information.
His eyes begin uncontrollably twitching, he can focus only on the darkness as the beam of light completely circling his pupils, a black jet of compacted hallucination made from contacts in liquid form, shoots out of Blight’s cornea, he falls head first down the blackened corridor.  Everything gradually grows darker and darker, till after a few seconds, all he can see is black; from out the darkness peace is born.  
He awakes back in reality to the purring of their mainframe computer.  It is printing out one plastic id badge to take him to the Independent’s Star Rise Bard’s Bakery on the 143rd floor of the Crimson Towers Radio Broadcast network downtown, a front for the Purple Robed satellite station.
Flamingo Eddy and he both agree on keeping out of the corporate holdings, many of Blight’s hacker companions who worked on hacking the corporate servers are now being served with butter and jelly to the executives who literally ate up the competition.  No, much better to take the lower paying jobs and stay out of the corporate wars arena.  
The badge even has signs of age to it, with a much younger Blight captured in the holographic.  Apparently their client is not fucking around.  Blight grabs the id badge chip, ready to suit up, his webbing humming down as it goes through the last phase of disconnecting from the Mindville Network. He opens up the trunk next to him removing the cold black steel of his Mach 8 from its holster, after first grabbing his lucky worn to the wire mesh sock.

CHAPTER 6 OUT THE PASTRY HOLE
back to top

Bard’s bakery is a convenience store that specializes in donuts and water.  It is well lit with trays of pastries on display and old barstools with the thick red plastic seat cushions.  Behind the counter a cook Artificial Life Product, Al Prod for short, stands.  The rust marks on her body show her age to be around the forties.  Her face is well crafted and pleasing to the eye.  She wears a Bard's bakery hat and her body serves fresh milk from two nozzles on her chest.  Caste in metal with ripples leading up her arms and down her back, rings of gold piercing her comfy rubber spine, she has that gothic theme, the lower half all wheels.  Some of the later models dispense condiments along with the milk.
The counter is immaculate, clean and spotless.  Blight can see his reflection in the glass and the floor is waxed and shiny.  There is an old fashioned water fountain by the door, its metal gleaming with a big thumb sized button, the black paint cracked from being pushed so often, just above is a slot to insert and scan the thumb-nail barcode.
It is a shame.  If cleanliness is close to godliness then what he is about to do is a sin.  He looks at the Al Prod thinking, ‘soon you will never work again, you will never move again, are you ready to experience artificial death?’
"What can I get you?" The Prod’s lips move in an over exaggerated syllable sounding voice, a husky accent that catches in her throat.  A deep holy light shines out her open mouth and the words scroll across her chest, in case, for, he supposes, the deaf.  The lighting across her round plastic lips returns to outline her smile in purple soothing hues.
Blight speaks low, “I want a soul."
"HA HA! I'm regretfully sorry HE HE! But we do not sell that here, however our fresh baked glazed buns are number one! HA HA!”  When they laugh it makes it that much harder to kill them.
"No, just some forgiveness" Blight says softly, his hand reaches his Mach 8, fitting snug around it, fingers on the cold metal surface of the two triggers.  He doesn’t give the Prod time to turn on her thinking light, an old expression from the older models, when green lights would blink while loading. Firing, one burst, fluidly, her head snaps back before the silent kickback of his gun sounds, one more as smoke from burnt plastic and rubber, comes from a gaping hole through her face, light leaking in sparks.  The bullets pass through the outer frame and exploding, taking half the back of her head with it, in fist sized holes.
The bullets are designed for AL’s, they are shaped to cut through steel frames.  Each holds an energy charge so that once they strike they demagnetize the AL’s central processing unit.
She falls over onto the counter top, cracking the glass counter, vibrating in a low hum, cellulite mixed with the blue lubricant seeps from out her holes, her hands clutch at glazed buns, squeezing the cream out of the pastries and spilling it on the floor, slowly she topples over, hand dragging down the counter outstretched and reaching blindly, before she settles on the ground, still and silent except for one last small shriek escaping her lips, just her voice box speaking on its own, the Al Prod's memory banks and circuitry all demagnetized now.  She is what the Prod Doc would pronounce unsalvageable and inaccessible.
It’s very eerie to hear a Prod scream, their voice a distorted shrieking cry.  Prods scream after their voice commands have been erased and they know not what else to do, like a baby opening its eyes for the first time and crying at the world around it.  He leaps over her head at rest on the linoleum tile and he runs towards the security door.
He slides his visors on, connecting him to Flamingo Eddy, his guide and operator, in the network.  Eddy tracks things from the inside and keeps him informed, Eddy is a part of his vision now.  A green arrow, points forward, exchanging blinks with a happy face.  They blink faster till they merge into a blur.  Blight follows the arrow and ignores the smiley face, one of Eddy's ideas to promote subliminal happiness.
Blight kicks open the kitchen doors and walks briskly past the automated machinery.  Hydraulic arms move up and down with a quick rhythm as pistons push out clumps of dough.  Suddenly his visor lights up with the white skull of the enemy.
He falls into a defensive stance, crouching down, weapon ready.  He crawls across the kitchen, stopping at the dough processor briefly to get his surroundings and, ZAP!  Where his head was a silicon before is now a burning hot hole in the dough mixer, melting the metal, he scrambles ZAP!  ZAP!  From above, and the barely audible clicking tap dance sound emanating from the ceiling, the light fixture unfolds itself revealing its true identity, a spider series 3000 security AL Prod.  
“Holy Shit!”  This AL Prod is a state of the art, mass anti-personnel, killer.  This really raises the ante tenfold, something is not right for a normal class 4 job, something is wrong, and it leaves Blight with a bad feeling, he cannot prepare for a threat he does not know exists.  
It dives down, attached to a steel cable, already shooting two more cables into the sidewalls.  With its razor sharp legs extended towards him, Blight leaps out of its way in an ugly somersault, as its legs puncture the red marble floor where he was moments before.  It yo-yos across the room, as Blight evades, its head, a turret gun, takes aim and whining slugs whistle through the air detonating holes in the giant tubs and creamers, taking chunks out the floor. Blight dives for the ground, cursing, “Damn you Eddy!” he ducks behind an oven for cover.
The Al Prod anticipating this reels itself to the ceiling, and takes a clean, clear shot.  Before Blight can counter he is met with a projectile striking his chest and punching him, slamming him with the force of a war horse into the wall, he gasps, knocked with a coarse scream beneath the food processor.  He frantically undoes the buckles of his chest armor as the burning hot liquid metal begins fusing with his skin.
Somewhat traumatized, in pain, and cursing he thinks ‘Will it end like this? With pastry cream all over my face?’, he fires a burst while studying his visors and ducking on the ground for cover.  He feels like an inch worm he is so close to the ground, smelling it, tasting it, part of him distantly remarks on the cleanliness beneath the oven and machinery, they do a good cleaning job here, keeping it looking very clean and orderly.  He notices a few strands of hair wrapped around the kitchen table island’s wheel and wonders where it came from.  Blood and fabric from his chest already are now part of the kitchen scenery, everybody makes ripples, no matter how hard they may try not too.  
According to the downloaded blueprints, the station entrance is in the freezer across the conveyor belt.
Blight shoots again, finally scoring a hit on one of the larger legs of the 3000 Prod.  It screams clenching in a ball.  Blight fires, targeting the AL Prod’s head.  The Spider 3000’s predicting the blast has already raised a magnetic shield, Blight switches to plasma plastic.
He needs to cross the kitchen island, but it will put him in a direct line of fire, he makes an exec decision and smiles at the rent a cop Al Prod, “Want a donut?”  He asks pulling the pins of two small blue cylinders grenades and tossing them beneath the huge mixing bowl the Al Prod is hanging above.  Blight squeezes off three rounds of plasma plastic, scoring hits on its mechanical legs, the intense heated bullets seep in an Al Prod’s pores and melt its circuits, as Blight leaps, grunting like a pig, and dives into the huge oven across the aisle, slamming the thick metal door close behind him.  He thanks God the read out was right and the oven was off, even though his visors had shown no heat traces, there have been mistakes before and he doesn’t want to think what would have happened if the oven had been on fuel blast when he ran and hurtled himself inside it.
The spider 3000 series tries to follow, it is too ignorant, however loyal, to know that it lost, and death does not register.  No comparison against a non-human opponent.  It tilts on three legs falling, and collapses to the ground, metal screeching on metal. The blue cylinders, inferno grenades, explode, as dough, rises filling the whole room, and the intense heat burns through the metal and turns the cement of the bricks liquid.  No sound, but a spray of liquid fire lava, melting the walls, appliances, and as the Security Artificial Life Product whines, it is eaten away.
However even a stupid machine can make a good call.  Two more white skulls light up, it made a distress call for back-up, that Flamingo Eddy didn’t block in time.
The freezer doors are fused together, metal expanding from the heat blast, Blight burns them open and they fall off their melted hinges.  As Blight enters the freezer, he welcomes the cold air, a luxury he hasn't experienced in a long, long while.
Safe inside with the gallons of synthetic milk, he throws the light switch, tasting the frosting clinging to his bare chest.
Where?  Nothing, but wait.  “Ah hah!”  Studying the blueprints, and the red indicators he swings open a frozen rack of metal crates behind what lays the hidden door, “found you!” he says and accesses the panel, he hooks his magnetic ‘Guardian Hand’ on the lock and Blight lets Eddy break the code.  A hourglass appears in the corner of his vision, then a smiley face.  The back wall unfolds open.
The entrance gives access to a staircase of aluminum, Blight whistling a sour tune, walks up the small stairwell, footsteps sounding like the heart beat inside the tin man’s chest, vibrating in random yet rhythmic sound, he climbs.
He passes hieroglyphics tiles on the walls beneath a full spectrum of glow in the dark stars and planets, in spaced intervals ‘spooky’ music plays from far off speakers in gleaming skulls hanging from the polished potted plant baskets where bananas grow.
“Another follower of Alien Judas tree!” He mutters, “more like out of their freaking tree.”
Blight stops in front of a large desk consul.  Purple Robed operators sit seated in swivel chairs behind him in a row of eight.  The operators, completely unaware of their physical surroundings, are jacked in the land of Mindville.  They move silently, staring vacantly ahead wearing masks of Egyptian dogs attached to a multi-occupancy of a state of the art vertebra cord.
The arrow pulses red then green pointing upwards.
Blight looks up and sees the vent that leads to the produce garbage disposal.  Cursing he groans kicking one of the Purple robed secretaries out of his chair, the one that reminds him of a jube addict, all skin and bone.  He feels only slightly better, the Operator, still plugged in lays sprawled on the floor his head leaning on the consul attached by the cord, a dog on his leash.
Blight stands on the chair and, reaching up, removes the produce cover; the rusty hinges slide open with a cry of protest and residue of food falling through. Chucks of bone and brownish gray food matter spill out.  Blight thinks maybe he can find some good grub to munch on, then laughs knowing that his mind is just joking, but his stomach is stone cold serious.
All of the automated machinery including the garbage disposal blades are operated by the main computer, which Flamingo Eddy has overridden and now controls.  Still, Blight feels a feeling of apprehension knowing what will happen if the blades suddenly do turn on while he is moving though the garbage chute.
Stinking like rotten eggs and at his destination, what he hopes will not be his final resting place, Blight stares down through the metal grating of the air vent and whispers a prayer, his heart pounding.  Feeling queasy at the knees and sick to his stomach he quickly looks away and vomits in the produce chute, a free barf burger for the worshippers outside.
His heart is racing against the rabbit.  He switches to audio breaking radio silence, “What!  Fucking suicide!  How’s it look on your end Eddy?”
Judging by what he knows, just one of the people in the ritual downstairs has enough power to control whole corporations, never mind the world.
Can barely make out the answer, “Bad.  We’re going to Hell.”
Below him twelve people, all wearing the corporate astrology emblems with bright thick designer black and red plastic webbing, the color of the corporate execs, stand hovering around what is, a pig, plugged into a jack octagon with a raised pyramid of shiny gold in the middle.  A metal circle of crystal tube surrounds them.  In the middle of the octagon, on top of the pyramid’s altar, lay the body of the pig, spread eagle.
Thick black cords sprout through the floor and walls, connecting in the pig, who is the nuclei of the scene downstairs, the execs are silently concentrating on the pig, walking in a circle around it like spokes on a wheel.  
Stemming inside and punctured with wire, Blight has only seen something similar in the horror vids, the ones of the weird, crazy cults involving sacrifices, and demons, this one is a octagon inside an octagon.  Only instead of being made out of paint or blood, this octagon is fashioned out of multicolored wires, amid a jumble of circuitry, which web into the pig.  On each corner, twelve in all, sit metal pewter statues, each one different, all grotesque, holding lit candles.
The pig, punctured with wires, that lead into the executives extensions, has jacks plugged into its head.  Its skin drips of liquid fat like ooze, as if its insides are being squeezed through its pores.  Its sides heave heavily and its eyes madly flicker from side to side, in an attempt to escape from out its head.
Blight slouches back away from the vent opening.  A flood of questions and growing fear momentarily delude his senses.  Below him are all of the executives from all of the opposing corporations, even with the corporate wars raging the land, they are here together.  Is there a truce?
His face cracks into a grim smile.  His insides turn to stone.  He is looking upon the face of Medusa to see the truth, knowing the price is death.  The constant sea of turmoil inside him thrashes and he has a momentary flashback of his dad behind bars, whispering, “Pray for guidance, always remember guidance is…” choking out pieces of his lung in pain, “...God you and I Dance.”  The prison guard hearing his father talk, screamed curses and punishing him, as he was only allowed to bark and crawl like a dog, raised the remote.  His Father gave Blight a wink and a half-cocked smile before he closed his eyes and waited to die.
The control activated the collar around his neck.  His Dad, gasping for breath, fell to his knees, clutching, face turning purple, before his throat imploded and with a brittle crunch and popping sound, the collar compacted, and his neck crushed, squeezed off his head.
Blight, age seven, had calmly reached down with a sock and, wiping, soaked it in his Father’s blood, he hid it until he could wear it; they assumed the blood was his during the frisking search, the blood on the sock was the only thing he had to remember his dad.  He did not let the guard see him cry as they grabbed his father’s headless body to be eaten, tossing his father’s head in the disposal.  He was tested for a month during which they prodded and probed him, not allowed to sleep, his mind was formatted.  Blight, diagnosed as a future laborer, holding no threat to the corporation, was released.
Blight’s hatred for the corporations and all they stand for, is the deepest pit in his heart that no amount of blood will ever fill.  To him they are the true evil in the world, they sell young children to feed the ever-growing war machines, trade lives like tokens in a penny arcade, they barter with Utility coupons, savings, for the cost of pain, and the people buy it.  His chance, he knows what he must do, this is suicide, but personal.
His time to get back, it is his time for bloody revenge.  He quickly undoes his right boot and removes it reaching for his sock.  It is a lot smaller than the left, made of steel wire mesh, cloth all worn off.  The red blood is long faded, but he brings it up to his mouth and kisses it then inserts two grandma bunker buster grenades into it, so its sides squeeze.  He looks at his belt of needler grenades and last three inferno canisters.  It’s good he always comes to the party prepared.
For whatever evil, these power hungry demons are together under the same roof.  The pig must be of great value to them, and what they deem valuable, he will rather stick up his ass then see in their hands.  Important to them meant death for the world. Zooming in on the circuit and wire plugs, he knows enough to know the pig is somehow being used as the memory board.  The pig is his job’s objective, the memory board he is being paid to retrieve, but he must wait until after the transmission, when the files are downloaded into the memory banks.
He has heard of dogs being used as couriers of files, but that is all circuitry implants, not live flesh and bone. His brain numbs searching for answers.  Eddy’s voice pipes in like from a world away.  “We have to intercept transmission, only... way... to delay... and get the hell out of ...!”  Blight smiles, the only way out is down.  A synthetic voice announces, ‘Transmission in 10, 9, 8..’
CHAPTER 7 COOKED FLAMINGO PIE
back to top

Eddy Flamingo looks once again in disbelief at his crystal ball frowning at the view of the tower, outside.  What a vision!  He is still in shock and disbelief.  No, his eyes are not lying, there is not a bug in the programming, twelve dark robed figures, sorcerers of dark energy, are standing in a moving circle on the red ground.
They materialized out of nothing; they came out of nowhere.  In a slow circle, moaning, they glide, always keeping their faces pointed towards the center.  Their hands arc up and down in rhythm with their chanting voices, low bursts of homogenous sound, which vibrate through the portal walls.  Fear comes bleeding out of him in waves, he is madly, deathly afraid. He forces a laugh and thinks, “well, reflecting back on life, I wouldn’t of changed a thing.”
He still has some cards to play, he looks for the exit.  Wait, the portal will not open, its security is way out of his league, this whole place has been severed from the public mainframe and is an isolated galaxy of ciphering cocktails that the corporate ghouls are drinking down fast.  “Denied!” he kicks himself, “Defense program.  A scarecrow.”  He races to out beat the rising tide of ciphered code, lock down.  The tower he is in, this whole program is in the mother board itself, and it will soon be flooded with colligated data when the transmission is downloaded.  
Failing, round his ankles the defense files are mutating and growing, little creatures, his butchered programs, made of network necromancers, spreading out the well of blood red light. The light covers all, none escape, none of his programs make it through any of the doorways.  No escape.
Eddy watches, through Blight’s visors, as Blight gets in position, crouched above the twelve executives in reality, who are plugged into the network surrounding the pig.  It is the corporate executives in reality, wearing their red and black webbing, who are the twelve dark sorcerers in Mindville circling the tower, Flamingo Eddy sits in.  He watches through Blight’s visors as the executives in their masked webbing continue circling the pig.
“This is some serious ham!” thinks Eddy, they might steal the golden egg from the chicken’s ass, but he knows, in a mad sort of way, it is all over.  Before the night is out, they will be in some pompous executive’s belly.  The executives have a choke hold on technology, they are gods to the common man, they have fingers in all of the pies and if he even breathes wrong they will erase his very existence.  Crossing one alone is a death sentence but all twelve corporate leaders?  Madness!  He only made it this far because he was always sure to pay the corporate axes to sever someone else’s head, he just dealt small time, they have always been aware, right now one of their spotters is probably putting a trace mark on his head.  Any moment now...
No wonder the damn client’s ‘no questions asked’ fee.  To even answer or provide this information is a sentence to hell.  The corporate wars have been going on for the last three decades.  “Life,” he thinks, “is over.”
The chanting takes a high pitch as their movements quicken and the air crystallizes, exploding in a thunderous zap.  Hot flairs scorch over Eddy, searing his eyelid waterways and invading his nostrils with a thick funk, a pungent smell of moaning decay.
They were opening up a portal to a large incoming data dump, this was the transmission!
When he looks again he sees, half emerged through the portal, a gray mass of appendages.  A giant ameba of matter, striking out at the figures as they encircle it.
Flamingo Eddy looks again through Blight’s eyes.  Helpless until Blight replaces the memory circuit board.  Suddenly, Blight’s hand signal in front of his visors, Blight gives the signal that means abort.  Mission aborted.  Blight is disconnecting.  It means get the hell out of there.  Not as if he hasn’t been trying but with Blight plugging out Eddy can call up the program End Blight with his eye cursor.  It will erase all trace of tampering and fry the purple robes system, at least the first million levels, that is all he can do for his friend, it may buy him some time to escape.
Outside the tower, in the red desert planes, the executive’s hands glow bright with red light.  Their black robes billow out like sails in the wind, and the demented shades of black encircle the being with a ring of fire and pull the demon from its distorted reality, a black wormhole, towards the tower.
“Soulless Bastards!” Eddy barks.  Hold on, what?  He sees four small shadows leap out of the wormhole, before it seals shut.  No time to make sense of it now, his attention is diverted again to the fiery red light.
The black shades lift the being upwards, higher until it reaches the top of the tower.  Slowly they move closer, keeping the shape of the circle perfect, with the being trapped inside.
“Einstein!” Eddy curses, no more then a whisper, but his crystal ball lights up with a fierce stare, of a black robed minion.  Only its eyes are visible beneath the darkened hood, bright red eyes, but they catch Eddy captivated with horror in its gaze, he is paralyzed while his innards twist inside his body.  The robed figure makes a scowling sound and moves one of its glowing hands towards Eddy.  Eddy suddenly, frozen in fear, feels icepicks in his eyes and his ribcage cave in, as air rushes out of his lungs and his heart constricts.
The demon they summoned thrashes its tentacles.  It, sensing its chokehold, loosened, strikes down crushing the dark robed figure distracted by Flamingo Eddy.  The demon threatens to escape, but the other robed figures tighten the circle around it, and another robed man rises from the ground, like a zombie out its grave, immediately to take his former master’s place.  Eddy is released, and breathes in gasps.  The dark sorcerers guide the demon until it is hovering above the tower, and then lower him in it.
Eddy is regaining his pulse; the paralyzed feeling is replaced by a curious numbing sensation, an aftertaste that allows him to move, but barely.  His portal back to reality is closed; he furiously tries to work his eye cursor, scanning for a way out.  He opens doors only to find them all dead end, he calls forth for his emergency back door, it begins loading.
Loading…
Loading…
“Incoming transmission” a synthetic voice announces and overhead a floodgate opens.
A sea of primordial slime shoots down from the ceiling, filling up the floor of the room.  Raw chucks of data, they rise up to Eddy's knees, “Damn, Damn,” Eddy runs towards the back door, a red book that suddenly materializes, but the sea of slime rapidly rises, sticking to his body like mucous, jell, seeping through his pores, forcing its way into him, his body soaks it up like a sponge, chunks of congealed data gush down his mouth.  His face is pressed tightly against the ceiling, his body is bloated.  Gushes of the slime flow down his throat, invading.
In the closet, Flamingo Eddy goes into convulsions.  Every one of the wires on his plastic webbing suit light up in red and sizzle with the friction of high voltage of data passing through them.  The wiring burning hot begins eating through his hair and scalp.  His body sizzles, hot metal of wires burning, his flesh is grilled and melts, and his brain cooks like his skull is a no-stick frying pan over a flame, it is as if he is an egg, ham and cheese omelet dropped inside a nuclear reactor and then brought back to life, he returns, screaming, to his body in reality long enough to feel his melting brain pop, then he falls over the control panel onto the cement floor, his head, as the face tumblers of his suit click off and his mask opens up, rests next to an ad, from the previous office tenants, for the gourmet cannibals food chain down the street, and he dies.

CHAPTER 8 WHEN PIGS FLY
back to top

Blight watches, above in the air chute, the wires of the octagon burn red and the veins of the pig swell.  It smells with the overwhelming scent of bacon sizzling in fat.  The pig convulses in shimmers, its body seemingly cooking, expands, tumors like cottage cheese fill up its lumpy skin like a balloon.  The transmission ends with the pig giving a final anguished grunting, deep from the pits of hell, the oink pierces the air, a squealing guttural, shrieking pig scream.
The pigs eyeballs, evil see evil do, thrash around, as if fighting with themselves, till they rest in an all too human stare.  Its eyeballs roll back in its head.  They return in place, now, beautiful glowing orbs.  It now stares out with large yellow amber eyes.  Its oinks lessen but, now they sound more human, but like in a strange yet harsh language.  The yellow-eye pig stops struggling and lifts its head.  It stares right up at Blight, fifty feet above, and smiles.
Blight falls back to the familiarity of the routine. Even alone on this one, he goes through the motions he is trained in.  In his mind the pig is already his.  It is no decision, he wastes no time.
He shoots a line into the wall, it clicks, tightening, reeling him in.  With several knobs on his belt unbuckled he pulls the pin around his waist off and his belt of needler grenades, and the grandma bunker busters and remaining three inferno canisters, all activated, slip away, off him, and fall, landing way below him, colliding in the center of the octagon on a statue of a lizard man, the grenade belt looks like a tilting halo around the lizard man statue’s head.  He has one and a half minutes to live.  Secure to the line, he holds the jump cord and repels down.
Inches above the pig, he hangs upside down. In one fluid motion he cuts the wires connecting into the pig with his boot-knife and tucks the calm, passive pig, in his arms.  His hands stick to the pig’s skin like glue because of the layer of oozing fat that is still seeping through its pores.  He gathers it in his arms like his baby.
Agile and quick, he scurries up the rope as it reels him up. He is slowed up because of the weight of the pig.  WHOP!  He grunts as something catches his legs.
It is an executive wearing an abstractly deformed crab mask.
“Release the pig!” the voice commands, crab mouth shaking with bubbles coming out, its saliva.
Blight kicks the executive in the face and hears a crunch, he uses the head to boost him upward.  The Cancer Sign Executive falls in a scream, hands clutching to its head.  Slowly Blight continues to scale the line struggling with the pig’s added dead weight.
Curious. The executive is all but ignoring the grenades, more concerned about the pig escaping then his own life.  Below the other executives wake from their cyber sleep.  The Aries executive screams, "You Fool!  The demon Mosquito Man is escaping!  Catch that pig!"
An executive below grabbing a gun, aims and shoots.  Blight soaring back up the line, gets tangled.  Blight straining makes it into the produce chute and just as he prepares to crawl back down it, there is a loud bark and he has an intense stabbing pain in his left leg, with a puncture sound through the metal of the tube.  Screaming pain, he grabs at his leg.  It is on fire.  The pig, wiggles out of his hold and runs down the produce chute escaping on its own.  
Blight, in intense pain, loses conscious, and falls out the chute, his line taunt.  Noise.  Sounds.  Air.  He hears his dad.  His father is laughing, “Blight!  You did it Blight!  You made me proud!  Now open your...”
In micro seconds time, Blight, in mid-fall, opens his eyes, automatically he moves to recover and swings out.  His line rope swings, gaining speed and force, until on the highest point of the swinging momentum he releases the cord and flies into the window, colliding with it, the glass shatters.  He falls out into the night, Blight is aware of the glass breaking, hears it crack and shatter all around him, as he falls with it downward.  
Falling he hears a slight ‘thump’ followed by screams and the clink of the thick tinted glass being struck and punctured by the thin needles.  The whole top floor explodes with fire surging out the blasted windows like a furnace.  A fiery glow spills, raining insulation and broken glass, brick, and melted metal, from the above tower floors as balling up Blight smashes into the nearby roof of the bakery, it yields some with a thick aluminum and hollow roof water irrigation tile siding.
“Fuck You!”  He grins, in intense pain, laying in his blood, on the roof of the Bard’s Bakery.  His left leg has a thumb size hole in it, his webbing, artificial skin, making basic repairs.  His left shoulder is punctured by a pipe.  He grunts and rolls over catching his breath, staggering over the side he is able to climb down the chute and brickwork into the street below.
***
The pig falls out the produce chute into the city streets.  A man, hands outstretched, mouth open in awe, catches the pig.  “A whole pig!”  He embraces the pig tightly and runs.  The crowd chases after him a short ways then returns back to the garbage chute.  Already the word is spreading, and the crowd grows bigger, waiting for more livestock to fall.

CHAPTER 9 BACKDOOR
back to top

The red demon’s body tumbles to the ground; a lady crawls out of its palm.  “Security overridden” says a harsh voice.  A man, his legs still wrapped around the demon's neck, jumps off the demon’s corpse and lands on the red plateau.  An old man sits on the ground, a blue glow softly fades from his hands.
“Are you all right niX?”  Magnolia asks in a harmonious and soothing voice.
“Yes, Yes!  Enough now, we must press on.”
They cross the red clay desert mesa; four hunched over shadows swiftly moving towards a dark tower.
Steadily climbing they reach the base of the tower and enter its doorway mouth.
“I fear we are too late, though the smell of evil is recent.  Touch nothing!”
With stealth they storm the insides, heeding the wizards warnings they navigate among blotches of small colorless pools in shades of gray, scuffing the floor with prints in an oozy residue.
“Ah we come too late, he has escaped.”
“Look, over here,” on the ground is a red book, it sticks out like a sore thumb in its gray surroundings.  Its title, instead of numbers like the other books, reads, “Back Door”.  The wizard puts his hand on it and begins mumbling, “a book of power there is no doubt” carefully he opens up the book, it falls to the ground expanding till it is as large as a man is tall.  It opens to a swirling mass of bright colors, slowly taking shape in what appears to be a room with cozy cheerful lodging.
“What is it?” Cement of the dwarves asks.  A synthetic, emotionless voice coming from seemingly no direction answers, “Portal to Flamingo Eddy’s Agency, occupant Mercy, active for eight seconds.”
“Yes, this is good.”  Says niX letting out a deep sigh, “This is the right path for us, we must enter!”
The four of them, step to the edge of where the portal meets the floor, then all as one, fall through, engulfing themselves, becoming part of the picture that is at a constant change.
***
Hours later Blight finds himself in the shady part of town with the girl he met in the Dead Penguin earlier.  Her skin plaster kit has spare cultured flesh growing in a make-up jar, she uses it to plug his wounds.  “Sometimes things get rough,” she acknowledges with a smirk.
He needs something to take his mind off of what he just saw, and did, and she is warm and makes him think of sunshine and riding cloud castles.  She makes him forget.  He knows he should leave.  Fade back into non-existence.  Disappear.  But he will settle for a few stiff drinks now.  He decides he will jack back into the system at one of the community networks where he cannot be traced and check on Flamingo Eddy before making any decisions.

CHAPTER 10 BLIGHT END
back to top

Mercy greets him in the lobby, a worried expression on her brow.  “This is just a recording" she says, "Blight, You two dumb asses!  What the fuck did you do last night?  I fear we are in grave danger, something is terribly wrong.  I tried to access Flamingo Eddy's user interface, the system read only 'downloaded', and so I exited to check on him.  He’s fried!  What voltage are you packing?  Also there are four new clients waiting in your office to see you.  They have no threads, no addresses, no bodies.  They came in through Flamingo Eddy's back door, I do not know what is going on here, but I know when it's time to torch the sockets, board the express shuttle to napalm lunar rocket, remove your cock from out of it, and pull up the carpet, the singing woman’s been done eating cake and has gone cannibal with corpses, exit the net-veins for like ever give toxin to the cells and get the fuck out while you can!”  Her image ripples then vanishes.
A musical voice floats out from behind his closed door, Blight pauses by his door and listens, enraptured.  It carries on for a couple of minutes, then stops.
“What place is this where the trees bloom out of season and close themselves to my song?”
“Ay,” a gruffly voice adds, “and where granite rock has no grain.”
Blight opens the door.  Just when he thinks he has a piece to the puzzle, the piece mutates changing shape, grows legs, and walks away.  A lady standing on the ledge of his windowsill, her hands quickly separating the last of his hanging curtains from the frame, poses delicately nude, a masterpiece of cybernetic programming, she may be the most beautiful woman Blight has ever seen.  She wears no clothes, her long pale green hair hangs low over her bare waist, running past her buttocks, and her skin is tattooed with a living forestry of plants, which caress up and down her body, opening and closing, growing around her curves and muscles, overlapping each other in a never ending testimony of life.  As he watches, buds bloom into flowers, the petals opening and expanding, before overlapping each other.
With his presence she turns around, her emerald eyes, cat like, first tense then momentarily relax.  The tattoos along the front of her mirror her back, and spiral up around her legs, exploding in rippling movements of incredible plant growth.  Flowers in a vibrant, heathy, garden lead up her tree bark legs, in her soiled skin an exuberant flowering bush swells out of her inner thighs.  Inside her thigh’s protected tree bark opening, a vulnerable rose bush looks like it carries the heart of the world with it.  All of the beauty of nature it holds and breathes inside its treasure grove, it throbs in heartbeats from red to gold, the rose garden leads back around her ass as if on fire, orchards on her belly and breasts, beautiful roses falling just short of her face, like a tight and elaborate lace collar clasped around her neck, where, rising above, a lone magnolia curls upwards, resting beneath her right eye.
With the sunlight shining down on her through the window, she looks, to Blight, like an angel, and it takes a moment before he realizes there are others in the room as well.
A smallish boy and oxen of a man both wrestle with the fallen curtains, draping them over themselves in toga fashion.
“Briar and Brimstone!” the man said, “I feel naked without my armor strapped close to my heart and my great sword clenched firm in my hand!”
“You are naked you stupid baboon!” a deep scruffy voice rings out from the curtain covered boy, before his head pops through the hole.  Blight sees, with some astonishment, that the child is actually a rather old small man, with a thick graybeard shuffling down his chest.
The larger man's face scrawls, exposing an underlined current of muscles, “Stupid baboon is right!  Who else would be found in the company of the likes of you?”
“A moment of peace between you two,” a calm voice says gently from behind Blight’s desk.
Blight turns and sees an old man seated in his chair which moments before was empty.  He wears a hooded cloak, the same brown hue as the chair he sits in.
“Our pirateer is here, and since he does not know, as I do, to dismiss all which befalls your lips, he may very well get the wrong impression.”
The small man opens his mouth to speak but the old man silences him with his hand.  He is taller than the small one, and far older.  His face resembles a wrinkled thumbprint, with deep sunken eyes, trenches twinkling mysteriously with secret treasure, like a sun made from mirrors in the household maid’s diamond antechamber in her pounding heart. 
 “Who are you and what do you want.”  Says Blight feeling an inconvenient annoying headache rising over his mind’s minions.  Rather blunt, but that is often the only way to deal with freaks.
The old man’s eyes turn to him.  “Who are we?  For your own sake the least you know the better.  We are distant travelers seeking someone and require your assistance.”
“Seeking Who?”
“An ancient evil, older then time.”
Great.  Blight rolls his eyes.  Crazy asses, Blight thinks.  Nutcase Fruitcakes going over the brink probably from too much exposure to the net.
“No, we are not crazy, though ten times I wish we were.  I’d quickly sacrifice my sanity, as I did my body, if I thought it would end the evil madness.  Doors have been opened which should have remained closed.  The evil has taken our world, it is here, attached to yours, and we have fought hard to vanquish it, fought to the bitter end and will do so again, for it is a blight that corrupts all life.  Yet its source still thrives, and now we have found its root, though many mothers now weep, and many fields where once seeds of life and joy were planted, now harvest only bodies of hate and blood.  We are but one step away from reaching the source of the evil.  It is your world.  We can go no farther alone; we need your help, as you do ours.  We need you to steal and prepare bodies for us in your world, temporary houses for our souls and we need to leave.”
For a moment the body of the pig he saw earlier flashes in his mind.  “Are you the clients of that insane suicidal butt monkey you fucked us with?”  Blight shouts, “You know I hope you enjoy the lavishings because although much more primate then I am sure you are accustomed to, this office olfactory slot is a clown in town jar, a spider web, from the Circus Every Sunday Corporation, funny we use it because it is the cheapest office space, but once in here you leave tracers, who confine you, embedded in the programming, leave?  Oh no, your not going anywhere, not until I know what’s going on around here and not before I, I sell your rights to buy my soul and have you all deleted!”
The old man’s eyes sparkle, shedding their misty veil.  His pupils, bright and hypnotizing, open up wider and wider, and pull Blight inside of them.
“You will answer all we ask.”  The man says, and Blight nods his head mechanically.

***
“Look at these tasty legs, want a lick?” the women says buttering the prospector up, “here take a deep long feel, grab and verbalize these breasts like happy expressions in one of Shakespeare’s plays, good huh Romeo?”  hands tightly squeeze around handfuls of flesh.
“How much do you want for it?”
"Oh bacon, bacon bacon!"  The woman's hands holding the pig shake, "What do you got?  This is good, a really good find! Come on!?”
The dealer throws three red packages, the hazard stickers still sealing them, unopened, into the sewage water. The junkie, excited, dives in and grabs them, running fast away, in case the dealer changes his mind or word gets out that she has three whole tubes.  She can almost taste the jube.
The dealer strokes the pig’s chin, the pig with the deep amber eyes.
***
Blight stares at himself in the mirror.  He is at his last resort backdoor motel.  He has no idea how long he has been here, and cannot even remember how he got here.  There is a large puddle on the floor, seeping from the sink dripping, and overflowing, its basin is mixed in red.
“Damn.”  Blight quickly pulls the lever closed, stopping the drip.  He is looking at a week’s salary of water spilt.
He stares at himself in the mirror, there is a slight pain throbbing in his temple.  His fingers run over five stitches, and he looks in the mirror and grunts at the jagged scar.  He runs his fingers over the stitches, things are spiraling out of control.
There is an empty chip patch floating in the sink.
He picks it up and looks at it, its label reads, “HF 5 Flamingo Eddy Y67ZPONY Circus Every Sunday Corporation” it is the package for the chip to their office.  Someone has withdrawn it from the main circuit board, taking it out of the net.  But who?  And why?  Where is it now?
There is a grating sounding outside, one, which Blight knows well from the many times he used the fire escape.  Someone is climbing up it.
Blight’s hand goes to his holster, empty.  Whatever happened to him took his gun with it.  He looks out the window, corporate soldiers are scaling the fire escape, he turns and runs towards the front door just as it bursts open.  A cyborg from Cancer Corporation with two snarling dogs blocks him grinning.  Drool runs down his hardwired face.  The cyborg shakes his finger at him.
“Subject A6229O3- Arrested on pirating and conspiracy against the corporation. Are you going to come easy, or do we have to take you piece meal?”
Blight throws a towel at its head; the cyborg pauses for a second, then continues to move forward.  Blight jumps for the half-boarded window, just as it crashes inward, glass shards stabbing at him, and another cyborg steps through the broken window.
He is surrounded now; there is no escape.  Another cyborg appears from behind the door, then another through the busted window.
Blight finds a glass shard, small, and quick as lightning raises it and slashes at his own neck almost at his jugular when his hand is seized, finger bones crushed, and arm twisted behind his back, “No, no, none of that, we don’t want you to die this soon.” says one of the cyborgs.
“Isn’t that sweet, he would rather die than be with you BB27JACK,” says another.
“My reputation precedes me,” says JACK
“He will try to escape.”
“We’ll have to fix that.”  says one more.
Blight rolls his eyes calculating, “My God just shut up, your killing me over here.”  he says in a whisper, voice catching with spittle in his parched throat.
“Funny man.”
“About as Funny as peeing out the prosthetic processed hotdog you have for a wiener, huh 323KBILL?” laughs one, “That’s what you get for fucking those fucking Asian model flamethrower hybrid clones from GE!  The cydoc was high on superjube and reattached it above his belly.  Looks like he’s got a belly-button boner!  Now that’s funny!” 
“Shut the hell up, least my face doesn’t look like dog puke in meatball soup.”  says 323KBILL. 
If he can just nose closer to the window he may jump out, the fall will kill him, but he’ll be better off, he thinks as his mind fights against his bodies will to survive, a far cry from a couple days ago when his biggest dangerous decision was which diet drink had more drugs for him to consume.
A gun levels in front of him, blocking. “Yes indeed, I think this one still wants to fly coop.  Lets operate... or is it amputate?”
“I’ll say right here is a good spot, would you agree doctor.”  One of the cyborg’s points the barrel of her shotgun at Blights kneecap.  
“All yours.”
“This will only hurt for a moment,” the cyborg says as she pulls the trigger.
Blight crumbles screaming, fire pain senses rocking him into screaming clawing agony.
 “OK I lied,” the cyborg says following through with the butt of her weapon, smashing it into Blight’s head.

CHAPTER 11 JUBE MY MONKEY
back to top

Rosemarie awakes with her brow and body drenched in sweat.  As her nightmare fades into her cloudy memories she remembers something..  something important, it is.. it is… gone.  If not for nightmares she’d never dream.
Her sleeps improving now that they moved into the country; it has a soothing effect on her attitude as well, maybe something in the air or water, perhaps her environment is shaping her, the rolling hills, the green, so different from the city.  Here she belongs and feels whole.  She cannot get farther away from the city fast enough, the dirty alleyways and dirty memories..  the jube monkey she ate out daily..the dumpster on the corner of 84th and Atom with the rubber non-welcome mat.  Here she is clean.
She remembers when Morge walked in on her while she was snorting jube.  He took it away from her, she stabbed him with a dinner knife, then shouted screaming “I hate you!  Give that back to me asshole or I’ll just go to LooseLip-Mart and suck more cock to get more jube.”  She had said hurtling every unsecure object she could find at him, she had said a lot of things she now regrets, a monster inside her, her mind drugged and deluded.
“My dear,” he had laughed, forehead bloody from a glass vase breaking over it, “why would I want to throw it away?  Do you not remember our promise to share all pleasure as well as pain?”  Still smiling Morge, after a few clumsy attempts, put on the suction mask, and began tubing not just some but all of it.
Her look of fury had soon turned to concern as she looked on with horror as the tube slowly deflated.  “Don’t Morge, that stuffs no good for you.”
When the empty tube of jube fell unheeded out of his hands, Morge’s brain let go control of his muscles and limbs and he vibrated in a blur talking about watching the ducks on the wallpaper.  He talked about them living out countless lives, and he told her about each one as they all played out, they told Morge the secrets of the universe, and surrounding him, took over his mind, and he he said he realized he was a duck this whole time.  He told her how these yellow ducks on his wallpaper were going to the post office when their butts began to grow bigger and bigger until their butts overtook the room, and he could barely move or breathe.  
“I’m quacking up,” he said in a burst of laughter and worry.  He shit all over the bathroom litter box, loosing control of his bowels, he fell face first on the floor.  Gurgling, spitting out heavy blood from out his mouth, blood also seeped out his ears and he choked on mucus chunks, spittle drooling out of his mouth as his pupils rolled back into his head.
She held him cradled in her arms for hours, rocking him back and forth, all the time not knowing whether she cradled a corpse or not, both crying and praying, she felt like a horrible monster, spreading disease and evil with each breath she took.  She knew why vampires did not see their reflection in the mirror, they were afraid of what they might find.
It wasn’t until hours later that she had felt him stirring beneath her bosom.  “Wow!”
It was then that she had thrown the suction mask through the pigeon grating hole of the C83 sub-scraper, one of the hardest things she had ever done.
They both lay on the same couch convulsing in withdrawal pains, yet still he comforted her with his body shuddering beside her, she had cuddled close to him... When the time of weariness comes at hand, with life's echoes muffled and in the moments just before sleep, when you question your life and wonder if you will ever wake again she said, “I wish we could leave this place, go far off into the country and have a farm and raise children, together just like this.”
The next day she awoke and found Morge packing their meager belongings.  “What? What!  Are we being summoned?”
Morge winked at her and smiled, “Farmer’s Wife Ma, rustle yourself up a wagon there, dump-lin pie!”
The drug had robbed her of ever having children again, but Morge had gotten her the farm.  She never asked him where he got the money from, they both had their pasts and she was grateful that he did not pry into hers.
They caught the trac across the ridge and bought the first farm they could find and afford.  Today will mark their first anniversary.
It is a five-acre barren plot, but to see Morge out there each day toiling the soil and watering the field, never giving up hope, feeds her own faith about the future.
She thinks again of how much she loves her husband and reaches across to tuck herself close to him.  Her hand falls emptily against the pillow.
With a start she turns and sees his spot empty.  A stick of beef jerky rests on the pillow.  She gets up and checks the windows, his truck isn’t there, and their slim stock of food is gone.

CHAPTER 12 PRODUCE
back to top

Pig fetuses swimming in test tubes, bags of fermented moldy fruit, children left to fend with the five drumstick dna-altered chickens, fighting over the best location to sell their trinkets on multi colored blankets.
Mutated giant cobs of corn their kernels filled with pus, meat passing from hand to hand, traded like hot rotten potatoes, shouts and curses of merchants haggling, the street, a line of people, shrouded with their heads down, in a funeral march, waiting outside the door of the marketplace, waiting, for their chance to play….
Morge stares at the roaring fires in the metal barrels burning with flames inside the smoldering tires, patterns shine light against the dirty cement wall, the light, a flickering between shadows illuminating, play over the faces in the crowd.
Desperate faces, Morge thinks.  Their eyes haunted, their ears grown deaf from the sounds of children crying, their stomachs too used to being empty.  Hungry faces.
The cold is not driven out, but the flames rising out of the smoke residue barrel fire pits looks pretty and hypnotic.  The smells of burning rubber overwhelm his nose; flames cast shadows that lick against the smoke stained brick.
The dealer shuffling his cards waits while a man in the middle of the pen tests the scales with weights.
Unconsciously Morge digs his sandals into the dirt, scraping through the mud covering revealing a rotting wooden floor beneath.  He sits on a wooden bench with a red faded number four painted precariously on its side.  By his feet are stacks of vegetables, a scrawny looking pig that is sniffing through a fresh pile of dirt and large chunks of meat marinating in two buckets of cows blood.  The light bulb dangling above him flickers on.
The dealer deals out five cards, all face down, onto the bench’s surface.  Their blue embroidered backs, a little worn and fringed, add life and color to the drapless dreary gray wood he sits upon.  They seem to radiate an aura around themselves, a sense of magic, far more then numbered cards, more so the prophets of fate.
A low gardening fence marks the pen, it serves little purpose since the rope and metal stakes hold the livestock, but it has a rugged offensive look, to be equated with the sense of danger.  The grated steel wires mesh together in an orgy of intricacy, barring out all outsiders and entrapping all within.  It is a marker of property, a line forbidden to be crossed; it is an efficient barrier of space.
Including himself, there are six players, all of them spaced equally around the pen on wooden benches.  Their faces stone rigid, as they concentrate on their cards, shuffling their hand around to suit them.
Morge leaves his cards untouched on the wooden surface.
A light bulb hanging over player three turns on, and a man hands a small sack of potatoes to the dealer, who weighs them on a scale and then announces, “1 pound 2 ounces.”
“Them’s small potatoes!”  Morge says, in his best hillbilly accent, and he spits out a wad of chew.  He forgot where he got it from.  He looks around for a response, only bleak stares and emotionless eyes greet him.  So much for lightening up the mood.
The light overhead Morge turns on, its flash blinding him, the brightness, the intensity breaks into his eye, shaking him out of the hold of his death like sleep, the effects of the pain killers are kicking in.  Where am I?  Morge thinks.  He vaguely remembers gathering all of the food out of their cabinets, the long line, he remembers the lady with the green leotards, tight skirt, pantyless, as she let her tiger run out of its cage.  His chest suddenly flares in a sharp jab of pain.  Now he remembers, lease on his body is up tomorrow, as if he can forget with the mortgage implant in his heart.
“You gonna call Mister?”  The dealer asks.
“Certainly- I call the potato’s Fred, HAH!  get it?” His voice wavers at the evil looks, no one is laughing, “HA!  But really,”  Morge says, his voice sounding skeptical.  “I call the potatoes, Ed!  Hah!  Get it?”  a painful moan from the crowd behind, “Oh Alright, Ok,” he tosses a few vegetables over the fence, “and I raise a sack of flour.”
The dealer carries the sack of flour onto the scale, adjusting for content, he weighs it under the food pyramid levy of ingredients, before depositing it in the fenced off ring along side the potatoes, he does the same thing to the vegetables.
“Total 16 pounds, 5 ounces.”
Morge looks at the crowd of people seated on the ground behind him.  It is easy to pick out those who came to trade from those who came to play.  The ones who are waiting for their chance to play have the hungry look about them, their faces etched with uncertainty as they tightly cling to their bags of food and livestock, ready to risk their families month of hunger and starvation for a month of no worry or stress.  Will they come home defeated, deflated, and empty handed, or will they come home victorious.  Morge gives them a thumbs up sign, one lady raises up a scattergun, the rest frown, sneer or ignore him.
The bet goes all the way around, and player number three and two fold.  Morge’s light blinks on.
The pen now holds a few more sacks of grain and flour, a bag of vegetables, and two live pigs tied to metal stakes.
Morge carries over the remaining sacks of flour, dropping them on the other side of the fence, as an after thought, he brings the bushel of vegetables as well.
The dealer weighs them one by one.  “Total 110 pounds and 4 ounces in the pot, making a difference of 30 pounds 2 ounces.”
The next player folds.  The light turns on over player number 1.  The man stares across the wire fence at him, calculating Morge's inventory.  Then he smiles, showing black gums and rotten teeth.  In his lap is a lone sack of corn.
“I call and raise.”  Says the man tossing the corn across the fence at the dealer.
“You know this ain’t gonna cut it Ed,” the dealer says, “Might as well save it so’s you and yer wife have somethin’ to eat fer supper.”
Morge's opponent, large sweat stains on his t-shirt, visible under armpit and layers of fat creases, smiles and stands up, letting his pot beer belly hang out and rest over his large belt buckle.  “Hank, since when have you known me to pass a bitch on by cause I couldn’t raise my gun?  Time to school the city boy on how to play poker country style.”  He walks a short ways into the crowd, reemerging with a leash in his hands.  He pulls on it and three small children emerge from the crowd.  Scars, their bodies are cemented with mud and manure, their hair hangs low, blotting out their facial expressions beneath the mat of dirt and grease.
The first two crawl on their hands and knees; the last one walks, erratically lunging forward with each pull of the rope.  The man curses and kicks the boy’s feet out from under him.
“You ain't no person, your an animal, so’s crawls like one.”  The boy nimbly begins to crawl along with the other two.
“I call and raise with three urchins.”  The man says triumphantly, and hands the leash to the dealer, and tucking his thumbs beneath his belt buckle, he cushions himself back onto his bench, in satisfaction.
The dealer pulls them towards the scales, the two U brands burnt on their backs mark them as food.  They offer little resistance to his man handling, and after they are weighed, move on their own accord into the ring, where the dealer ties them next to the pigs.
“Total 138 pounds and 6 ounces.  Making a difference of 20 pounds and 3 ounces.”
Morge stares down at the cans of meat and the pig doubtfully.
“I call.”  He says and offers them to the dealer.
“Cut meat weighs in at 7 pounds 6 ounces.  Adjusting to scale, 5 pounds 2 ounces.”
Morge breaths a sigh of relief, he weighed the pig earlier at 13 pounds 3 ounces with the adjustment made for live meat just barely enough to match the bet.
“Pig weighs in at 13 pounds even.  Adjusting them to scale, total comes to twenty pounds exactly.”
Morge stares down at his feet, where a fresh pile of pig dung lays, steam still rising off its surface.  He scoops it up and runs over to the scales, “This belongs to the pig,” he says dropping the lumps onto the scale gently.
The dealer grimly shakes his head then says, “Nope, nope, that won’t work.  If yer pig had waited till after the weigh in it would of counted, but you can’t blame the poor sucker.  Look at the buildup of lumps,” the dealer pokes at the dung pile, “now that’s compact, he held it in as long as he could.  Pigs are a lot smarter than most people give them credit for.  He knew what was going on, probably scared shitless too, yet he held out till he couldn’t hold no more.  You should of bid em out sooner.  He’s got a lot of heart, most of them do.  Pigs over people any day, that’s what I always say.  You got five minutes to come up with three ounces of food or you’ll be out betted.”
Morge stares at the crowd, their sharpened bland emotionless faces empty; they stare back at him impatiently.
“Food, food.” Morge suddenly smiles, and whispers into the dealer’s ear, who nods and offers a large butcher knife.
Morge caresses the handle with his hands, getting the feel of it, well balanced, he lightly touches the blade with his finger, a small line of red sprouts up from where the blade gently touched.
He points upwards; the dealer stares up, searching over the charcoal stained planks of the ceiling.  They are slanted and warped, in many places large gaps lay open to the night, with spirals of smoke escaping.
In a wide arch, Morge slices the blade through the air, the sound of a carrot being chopped, and his finger falls severed to the ground.  Morge flexes his wounded hand, the cut is clean and for a short moment it is as if gravity is keeps the blood inside, but then it begins spewing out down his hand.  “That’s a new- uh…  experience.” he mutters wrapping his hand up in a handkerchief.  He picks up his finger and hands it to the dealer, then presses tightly against the bloody handkerchief.
“Four ounces,” the dealer announced, “minus the bone reductions, “3 ounces.”
Across the fence his opponent loudly objects.
“Who’s gonna want to eat his fingers?  They’re probably covered with diseases!  Who knows where he’s been sticking them!”  The dealer raises his hand and silences him.
“Meat is meat Ed.  If we didn’t eat something because we thought it might have diseases, we’d all be long dead of starvation.  Now we have a crowded house and people waiting, so lets get this over with.”  The crowd murmurs their agreement.
“Total weigh in for player four is 20 pounds 3 ounces.  Reveal your cards.”
The man throws his hand down on the desktop disgustedly.  “A pair of fives” it is verified.
Morge applies pressure to the rag and ties it tightly around his wounded hand, before overturning his cards.  A Queen of hearts, 6 of diamonds, King of spades, 3 of clubs, and 6 of spades.  “Pair of sixes” he says, and after the dealer verifies it, goes to collect his winnings.  His bench is soon occupied by an elderly woman with two plump chickens nestled beneath her armpits, and a laundry bag full of tomatoes.
Everything but the livestock is placed in a wooden crate, minus two sacks of grain and a few meaty steaks that are handpicked for the house's share.
Morge stares down at the livestock, the three children sit with their backs to the crate, in complete oblivion to their surroundings, one of them is playing with a pile of dung, the pigs are extended as far as their leashes would allow.  The pigs heads are lowered towards the ground, digging into it with their snouts, looking for something to eat, all except for one, who stares at Morge with bright yellow eyes.
Morge unties the children’s leashes, “My little children,” he says.  “Please no, please walk,” he bids when they try to crawl.  They clothe themselves from the pile of rags bought at the market, he introduces himself and says, “Welcome to the family.”  Their eyes do not leave the ground.

CHAPTER 13 FREE FOOD
back to top

Morge stares at the children, seated next to him, on the torn blue upholstery of his truck.  Their faces register no recognition of life, no intelligence, whatever emotions they are feeling are carefully concealed beneath an expressionless mask.
“What are your names, little ones?” Morge asks. They only stare straight ahead.
Morge tries again.  “Knock Knock,”  No response. “Who’s there?” he replies.  “Drane.”  “Drane who?”  Morge begins laughing in low chuckles as he prepares to say the punchline,  “Drane the bathtub I’m drowning.  Ha ha ha!  Get it?”
“Look here,” Morge opens up the glove box and withdrew an unmarked bottle.  "I'm not going to eat you, now watch!"  With his mouth he bites off the lid tossing it out the window, and driving, pours the liquid into the vents.  "Now look!  Magic!" he says turning on the fan.  Bubbles blow billowing out the vents, big ones and with the sunlight through the window, they cast the transparent spectrum prism of rainbows and still flowing lakes, bubbles blow everywhere floating in all sizes and popping as they touch.
“You hungry?”  Morge pulls a stick of beef jerky out of his top pocket.  For but a moment he sees a look of underlining disgust ripple, a frown, before their faces subside back down.
He is running out of ice breakers, he decides to pull out the big one, “Look its Santa Clause!”  Morge says pointing out the window, the view is obstructed by hundreds of bubbles.  The children continue to stare vacantly ahead.
Morge waves his hand, and yells, “Hello Santa!
“Your our dream you know, children, your our Christmas rose, no one celebrates anymore, but you, God sent you.  You are our presents.  Our family from Santa’s sack!”
“You all know who Santa Claus is don’t you?” he asks.  Does he see their eyes glitch with curiosity?  The younger boy shakes his head ever so slightly, whether in answer to him or the shaking of the truck, unknown.
Morge sucks in a deep breath of astonishment and slams on the brakes, “What!?” he yells, “What the Hell!  What are they teaching you kids today?  Ah!  We shall have to remedy that immediately!”
And with lively hand motions and a wide array of voices, the truck lightly sways back and forth as he retells the tale of how Saint Nick saves the world, pausing only to stop the orange truck in front of his field to show them his caged hamsters.

CHAPTER 14 FOREST OF FATHERS
back to top

Rosemarie stares across the barren field.  It has been several months already and still not even a weed is growing in the soil.  Together, her and her husband have planted over five acres of corn and wheat, and while the neighboring farms are getting ready to harvest, their land looked like virgin soil, needing to be seeded.
No wonder this farm had been so cheap, the land is poisoned, radiation soaking the roots, beneath the field, a wasteland in all senses of the word, a dump.
She walks down through the aisles of mud and dirt, stopping every once in a while to scrape along the surface with her boots, uncovering whole seeds still not sprouted.
She sees the large orange truck stop in front of the western fence, next to the hamster cage.
Small figures pop out of the door along with her husband.  She runs across the field to meet them.
Her husband is shaking one of the hamsters lightly; gradually getting more vigorous until the whole hamster’s body is shaking beneath his hands.  Finally he lifts up the hamster’s body, and lets go of it.  The hamster falls down into the mud, stiff and unmoving, its body making a low thud when it hits the ground.
He places his ear next to the hamster’s chest, his hand against its mouth.  “How can that be?”  Morge asks.  “They were doing fine when I left. ”
“They’ve been overfed,” says the girl poking one in the stomach.
“I didn’t force them to eat anything,” says Morge, “If they weren’t hungry why didn’t they just stop eating?"
Tears trace down Rosemarie’s cheeks as she stares at the dead corpse.  It is as if the sudden realization of her whole life lies there, dead in the fields.  Leaving the city to come here had been her idea, her dream, one that she had pushed on Morge.
She stares down at him as he continued to check the hamster’s pulse with his hand.
“What happened to your hand?” she asks, “to your finger?”
Morge looks up. “Oh, hello honey, I didn’t notice. It’s in the back of the truck with the rest of the food.  Oh let me introduce you to our children.  This is Germ,” the younger boy looks up, “That’s Daisy,” the girl stirs nervously, not meeting her gaze, “and that is Kettle.” Kettle stares vacantly ahead, his expression has neither changed nor has he spoken a single word, Daisy told Morge his name.
“Fingers? Children?”  a flood of tears suddenly, the straw that breaks the camel’s back; she bursts into a crying fit, covering her face with her hands.  The urchins eyes twitch as if in pain.
Morge scoops his wife up in his arms, hugging her tightly and kissing her forehead.  “There there.  What’s wrong?”
“Me, you, this farm, your fingers, the children, the hamster, everything!”
“You always said you wanted to raise a family out in the country.”
“That was just a dream, and should have stayed one. We don’t belong here.  Look at us!  We can barely take care of ourselves, much less a farm and children at that.  You’re not right Morge, you think different from everyone else, maybe that’s why I love you so.  We need to separate before you end up killing yourself, or I end up a dead, bloated hamster.  Tomorrow I’m going to pay for a divorce and go back to the city.”  With tears in her eyes she struggles out of his grasp and runs across the meadows crying.
Morge watches the blurred form of his wife, as she weaves erratically through the field, till she is lost from sight behind the wood line, something inside tells him it will be the last time.  “I love you,” he says before he ruffles the children’s hair.  They are still standing silently around the dead hamster, he shuffles them back into the truck.
“When we get back, you all wash that gunk out of you, and I’ll see what I can cook up.”
After a hamster burger dinner, sitting by the evening fire, feeling the warmth radiate like he is a sheep underneath a full wool coat, Morge feels the claws of death tugging at his heart.  It won't be long now.  He throws another log on the fire, watching the flames lick it black and charred, just like the flames of pain burning inside him.
"This isn't how it should end," says Morge, "My first and last day as a father, let’s go into town!"
The kids follow Morge out into the truck and silently stare wide-eyed into the night sky as if waiting for Santa to land.
They first go to the minute arcade.  Morge teaches the kids some of the simpler games and watches as, hesitantly at first, they play.  He can see their doubts melting and actually catches a smile from them as they intensely concentrate on the games.  Feed the piggy is the big hit and the kids laugh, the tiny girl and little boy clapping their hands with each corn toss, the older boy's face shining in a grin.
They end the evening by going to the local aquarium where the big attraction is the sharks.
"Well.. sharks, you know, like big fish…" waiting in line, Morge is trying to explain along with pointy finger hand gestures.  The kids don't say a word, but he can see the amazement mirrored in their eyes.
In front of them Morge notices a man wearing a black and red webbing suit, imitation corporate plastic which carries a harsh penalty if caught when worn.  He is carrying a bucket with an engraving of the sun on its surface.
"Hello, I am Morge," Morge extends his hand to the man.
"Call me Bate," says the man shaking Morge's hand.  Bate's face is sweating from physical exertion.
"What's in the bucket?" asks Morge.
"I feed the sharks," he says.
"Wow!  Can you wait till my kids get inside so they have a good view?"
The man smiles a little, and nods his head. "Sure, sure” his face breaks into a sobbing half choked cry bursting into tears but then he regains his calm composure.
“Ok...” Morge says a little awkwardly at the man’s emotional dedication to feed the fish. 
Inside Morge lets a sigh escape watching the underwater kingdom. "This is what I needed," says Morge staring at the serenity and tranquil colorful fish with rainbow patterns swimming so gracefully.
The kids squeeze in through the crowd to the glass wall of the shark tanks.  Bate is further ahead and as Morge and the kids approach Bate climbs on top of the glass railing and pours the contents of the bucket into the water.  It is filled with blood.  The kids gather close as the sharks come swarming around the red water stain slowly diluting.  Bate, with the bucket still clenched in his hands, yells, "Get out while you can!!  Follow me!  The waters fine!" then closes his eyes and jumps into the shark-infested waters.
They all watch intensely as the sharks go into a feeding frenzy tearing Bate apart.  His head slowly sinks with part of his neck and chest still attached, and his arm floats by severed.
"Here dies the bravest coward you will ever see," Morge whispers, and pats the wide eyed children heading them out the door.
The next morning, he sits them all around him.
“Sometimes, when you love someone, you want to embrace them so tightly that you end up suffocating the love you hold dear.”  Morge tries to explain further before the pain in his chest knocks him over and wincing he stumbles into the bathroom.
***
An aircraft hovers overhead.  On its radar a white glimp blinks.
“Bearing 12 degrees north.  Gaining, gaining.  Right on top of him.”
The craft lowers and its legs extend for a soft landing.  The hatch opens on either side and two bulky men step out.  One is holding a rifle; the other has a tire iron slung over his back and he is holding a portable tracker.  Together they weave the trail to the farmhouse.
***
There is a knocking on the door.  "Kids can you get that?"  yells Morge.  Another knock."Coming!"  yells Morge in deep wheezes.
A bursting BAM! and two big men rip the door off its hinges.  “Morge?”  One of the men asks.
Morge crawling down the stairs says, "Yes, yes, that's me"
“The bank has foreclosed on your body due to insufficient funds.  We at gourmet cannibals have bought the lease.”
“The lease is up in exactly six minutes, if you want to say goodbye do it quickly, you don’t want the last impressions your family has being ones full of pain.”  The one shouldering the tire iron says, “I really hate this job, but it puts food on the table and these days it’s hard to find a good paying job.”
“Yes, it’s a dog eat dog world out there,” Morge says his eyes twitching.  “I bathed myself in peppered sauce last night, and I plucked out my nostril hair, you know, just to make me appear more edible.”  Morge hacking, smiles, his chest and voice trembling in pain from the implant inflating in his heart.
“Four minutes, don’t you think you should say goodbye?”
Morge goes inside.
“Your mom will come back, she always does.  Give her this note.” He reaches inside his top pocket and pulls out an envelope.  “You stick to her, you will do each other good.”  The pain mounts in his chest, the pressure grows.  “Live long and prosper, my children.”  Morge turns to leave; the older boy pulls on his leg and stops him.  In halting English he says, “Bye Dad.” and hugs him, the others follow.
Morge makes it out the door before the pain in his chest ruptures and he falls into the arms of the waiting men.  The man holding Morge sighs and heaves him over his shoulders walking down through the barren field towards the waiting aircraft.  He really hates his job.

CHAPTER 15 SALT (AND ALL SPICE) TEARS
back to top

The rancid smell of human waste and peppered steak garnishes the stale night air.  Overhead an electric light sputters to life.  A lone couple walk down the hall, their shadows, long and slender, mutating with each step, limbs growing and shrinking in a demonic dance of motion.
The waiter steps over a small stream of urine, turns and helps the lady across, before he unlocks the large padlock on the rusty cell iron door, while checking the temperature gauge.
“What are you interested in today Mistress Pants?”  He asks.
“Purely scientific research, although I do have a craving for some ribs.” She carries a round shaped brief case at her side.
“I’ll have some wrapped up for you and taken to your shuttle, on the house.”
Upon entrance, a sharp wave of coldness surrounds them.  As the waiter gets the menu out of a folder on the wall, she examines the human carcasses impaled on large meat hooks.  Because of the unequal weight division, they all slightly sway back and forth, the blood, which drips, out of the holes punched open is carefully caught and collected in metal trays underneath the bodies.
"Here's a listing.  All are being processed into patties and stuffed sausages, however one of the bunch has extraordinarily amazing brainwaves, very beautiful, a perfect specimen for conditioning.  We wanted you to test him.  Besides him I’m afraid we do not have much of a variety today, but I’ll let you examine them all.”  They walk towards the far door.
“Cell 3, Man Mwat 103BXORANGE, blood type O, Brain waves Alpha."
The lady lays her briefcase on the table, and unbuckles it, drawing out a metal crown like object with thin needle like spikes jetting out.  “We call this the crown of thorns” she explains, placing it over Morge’s head.  “It’s going to hurt.”
She pushes a button in its side and the needles sprang forward into Morge's skull.
“Augh!”  Morge weaves his body back and forth as electricity surges into his brain.  Darkness is calling, “Wow, this is new. oh.. Oh… my.. uh… accckk- !” his voice whispers as he losses consciousness, and then moments later is shocked back into a wakeful state.
She studies the digital read out of his brainwaves.  “Yes, he will do, he will do nicely.”
“If I may ask, what department will you transfer him too?”
“The Cyborg Division...”

CHAPTER 16 CONSUMER RIGHTS
back to top

“Let's get this over with, his brainscan matched and the meds are waiting to pick him up."
The jailer’s shoes scuff the floor as, ready to prosecute, he lets the plump judge into the prison cell and escorts him to the prisoner.
Waiting for verdict, he keeps both hands double fisted on his large bat, with long red pointed nails driven and sticking out in all directions, some are bent and broken off.  The judge walks slowly over to where the medics left the prisoner's body discarded roughly on the cell concrete floor near the shit drain.  The prisoner's right leg is a bloody bandaged mess.  He lays completely motionless except for the rising and falling of his chest which matches the dull clanking of the respirator fitted over his mouth, its lid opens with each exhale and closes with each inhale.
"But he’s unconscious" says the judge.
The guard licks his lips and kicks the man, he doesn’t stir, and says, "Doesn’t really matter does it?"
"I suppose you are right," the judge says rubbing his smooth double chin, "We can do without the formalities."
"You X93COTREE are hereby charged with attempted piracy of corporate property and illegal break-in.  How do you plea?"
The judge waits a few seconds then says, "Silence is an admission of guilt, therefore you, Blight, are hereby sentenced to be reinstated into the cyborg division.  God help you and all of that."
The judge taps the metal bars of the cell with his wooden wrench; they chime vibrating the air with a ringing that gets lower and lower until the sound falls past human hearing, sealing his judgment.  The wrench is well worn with years of service.  Its vice has hair line cracks on it, soon he will have to get a new one, placing this one under the glass case where two other wrench artifacts lay, past relics which had the final say to the judgment of who knew how many sinners.  They sit at the corporate courthouse for the people to see and know the tool of the corporate law, an extension of his fiery fist of almighty power; and those that oppose him, and oppose the law, the scum that try to take his power away, he chuckles, why he eats them for dinner every day.
He turns a small dial on the wall opposite the prisoner's cell from green to red then leaves for the next subject with a quickened pace in his step.  If all of the prisoners are as cooperative he can finish the c wing before lunchtime.
Blight wakes to a bright light shining over him, blinding him in its loving pulsating glow, filling him with the warmth of homemade tomato soup mixed with whiskey inside his thermos. "Then its true," he gasps as if he was holding in his breath this whole time and now is coming up for air.
"What do you think I’d lie about something as trivial as a potato?" a stranger asks next to him.  "I think it is artificially grown, one of those tumors, you know the potatoes they synthesize and grow on the backs of rats and cultivate, but still it needs sour cream and that’s all there is to it."  The man says.
It is now Blight notices he is strapped down on top of a table.  His head rests inside of a cushioned mold with a restraint across his chin and forehead.  He is able to turn his head a little to see a man sitting on top a long metal table beside him eating a purple clump potato.  The man smiles wildly and points at him with his fork.
"You know I usually watch my calorie intake but considering that the food is free and the fact that this will be the last time I eat solid food again, what the Hell, right?”
"What?  Where am I, who the hell are you?"
"My name is Morge and I’m your replacement, if you die," Morge says broadening his smile.  "While you have been catching up on your beauty sleep I have been chatting with our guards, very friendly, he drops his voice, “they are all shelled nuts, lunatics, corporate conveyor belt cult nut cases, I have never seen so many insane crab masked freaks before, just to let you know who we are dealing with.  They take the cake, they are absolutely insane.  They say we will be going to go to sleep for a while, if you wish to believe that, anyway it seems like we have similar compatible slices of the brain wave pie."
Blight's face grows from red to white as the blood rushes out, loud breathing, he feels overloaded.  Morge continues, "You see we share equal brain waves, our thoughts come and originate from a similar source, we derive our thoughts from a universal mass, the Cancer constellation, our minds open portals to it and visit thinking each thought.  Our mind is constantly decoding the thought patterns, it makes a chemical of liquid fabric that floods our brains with sensations and feelings, of matter zipping and warping with thought control.  Our minds will be fit to serve the program server.”
“What?”  says Blight.
“Oh what?  Oh!  I lost my chain of thought, forgive my mad ranting and raving, I’m just so excited that we are to be converted into Cyborgs!”  says Morge.
“What!”
“We have twin minds and are going to be cyborgs!"
"What!"
"Cyborgs!  We are going to be Cyborgs!"
"What!" Blight inwardly crashes against the non-existent dashboard and feels pins and needles from out his heart to his whole nervous system, driving a mac truck into a mall, the uncontrollable fear wells up, but he centers and lets it drain out of his body.
"Yes, isn’t it great?"  Morge brings a forkful of cultured ulcer into his mouth and munches on it thoughtfully.  “Ah, fellow comrades fighting for the same cause.  I’m sure that we are going to have a lot of time to get to know one another better.  They say that men create a special bonding knowing that your life depends on mine and mine on yours.  Let me tell you now, I snore sometimes."
"Oh, no!" Blight fights to get up, "Not me!  Are you crazy?  I want OUT NOW!"
"No, I’m not crazy," Morge says, "He’s crazy," he points to the mirror hanging above them then laughs slapping Blight on the chest, “Come on man, tell me you at least have a sense of humor, I mean we are going to be sharing the same mind, you can’t be a glum prude the whole time, what a drag!”
Blight’s restraints tighten, he struggles in vain, "Get me the hell away!" Blight spits cursing.
The restraints tighten around his body and pin him in.  Giving up he remains motionless.  Just then a calm voice drifts through the operating room.
"Greetings my corrupted children.  Since over half of you will die in the operation to follow, I am going to deliver you a sermon.  May it bring you peace.  Cling to my bosom."
A chubby man, wearing purple plastic and clutching a brain vigorously in his hands, strolls up and down the aisle of the operating room.
"Since the beginning of time the quest for power has dominated mankind.  Our heritage comes from, simplicity speaking, two basic powers, the power to create and the power to destroy, to love and hate, positive and negative, pro and con, the Yin and the Yang."  He makes a grimace, "Even," he says then heavily sighs, "Yes my children, even good and evil.”
“Two basic, driving forces from where an untold number of possibilities stem.  A love and hate relationship that we pursue in various ways.”
“Many turned to science as an outlet for power, the light bulb the atomics, while others turned towards religion as a source of inner power, peace and understanding, philosophies were formed, one with one, one with it."
“We started using the forces of nature, getting a better understanding of what was left behind, here, for us to use, and what a great insight that was, but not until recently have we begun to comprehend the true magnificent power, which our creators left us.  All this time it was right before our eyes, or should I say behind them."  He laughs subtly and strokes the brain he is clutching in his hands.  He holds it high like a lantern in the darkness.
"A resource to be harvested, greater then any generator although it runs along the same principles.”
“Purest energy in its most basic form, feeling.  Feelings are what run this universe, from the tiniest electron to the biggest star.  For years we have been using man made wire and satellites to transfer data to and fro.  Yet what is our planet, a satellite of the sun, and what is our sun?  A satellite of a greater source.  Sunlight!  The very substance of which life is created that shines down on us is the key to unlock the mysteries of the universe.”
“Sunshine, the light of the all mighty, is far more than just rays to warm us, they are instructions, which our brains unconsciously decode, the instructions of our creator, his living testament.  By decoding them we have learned a great many things, one of which is how to manipulate flesh, which you will be experiencing first hand.  Oh!" he yells, "How I wish that I could undergo your transformation into greater beings, unfortunately I have a different calling.”  There are a few curses and someone throws a purple pus potato at him, but he smiles and continues, “and the networks of various planes of the mind, like abandoned cities rediscovered, were all made possible through this greater knowledge.”
“No longer will you look out at the sun and its holy life giving light through the same eyes.  Once your eyes shine in the red fire, your new master will guide you, in the Crusade of the Cancer Corps, Gemini? Taurus?  All will fall before us!  You will see the truth, the eyes will open at the end of the hallway to all creation; connected to the gateway of the power, the clenched hand a fist, it will connect you to the universal network, the power," a bell chimes, "so great," his arms shoot up, "suck it up Cancer Sign is awesome!”
“No coincidence that you have been recruited into the Cancer Corps!  Only the best serve this sign, yet we still rely on manmade satellites to receive the message of our creator.  We are growing closer in our research to the day when we need no wires or satellites to receive;  when we will transmit through our planet back to the sun to our creator;  showing him that we have risen up in the universe that we are worthy of his efforts.”
“May the day come when cancer has a total monopoly on all the Corporations!  We will work as one world towards one goal.  Presently though, our satellite space is in jeopardy, there are those who wish to choke off our vein to the heaven before we reach our goal, the other corporations, the other signs!  They all milk a different star system.  They mustn’t be allowed to activate the power their constellation holds, the source of their thoughts, or else they will dominate us with their brain waves, draining us into nothing more than twitless zombie slaves!”
“If you survive this operation before you will not just be soldiers, but crusaders fighting for what is right.  Begin your crusade!"
Above Blight a mechanical arm detaches itself from the ceiling and lowers towards him, holding a long needle in its appendages.  Screams and cries nearby from the rest of the patients tell him he is not the only one.  As the needle grows closer he can hear the man next to him arguing with someone.
"What?  No I don’t need any drugs; I’d like to be conscious so that I can watch the operation.  a year?  Really?  Isn’t that amazing."
The needle gun shoots into his neck and immediately injects a serum.  Past death’s spectral eye won or lost with a toss of the die, horizons in his mind of tainted, corrupted field of broken tombstones and rusty crosses.
He knows no cornea image and holds no brain receipt, shadows once again consume him, he no more hungers for innocence of pure thought with the blood thirsty beasts ravaging, the new age buccaneers.
Biting into an Urchin’s thigh, “but we have to eat,” says his voice to his daddy.  And so the world falls apart.

CHAPTER 17 DREAM BENEATH A HARVEST MOON
back to top

Rosemarie lifts up the curtain and stares out the window.  The children are outside playing with the pig.  Their cheerful laughter and excited screams rise in tempo, as they take turns riding the pig around the yard.
She sighs and lets the curtain fall back into place.
They had just run out of the last of their preserves.  She had held out for some alternative to appear, a miracle to happen, but there is just no other choice.  She is going to have to kill the pig.
The last of Morge's money, sparingly spent, ran out over a month ago, since then her and the children working hard cultivated the fields.  There is a promise of a good crop this year, if they can only hold out.  It will be any day now, she prays, and they will see their hard work sprout through the soil, but they cannot last long without food.
The children, knee-high, already look unhealthy and frightfully skinny.  In fact, the only one of them with any fat is the pig, who profits well off of the children’s love and the extra scraps of food they smuggle to it; but they do not even have enough for it to eat now.  She supposes she could trade the pig in the square, but why?  So some stranger can kill and eat it?  No, if the pig is going to die, she owes it to kill it herself.  She will of course have to hide the truth from the children, the pork-chops they praised her a month before came from the last of the other pigs.  For some reason they are greatly attached to this pig, she supposes it is from being locked up in the same cage, she quickly thinks of something else, as she always does.  The thought that her children were almost grilled sickens her and reopens the terrible scabbed wounding.  If anything her children’s recovery and fast learning proves they have intelligence, proves how inhuman processing Urchins into meat patties really is.
She hates the urchin farmers, but if not for them, her children would not be here.  It is a hopeless situation that just aggravates her further.  It seems as if the only friend they have is the pig, The children in the neighborhood ridicule and throw stones at them, more than a few times she put ice on their black eyes, but they always come home smiling, "’s nothing mom, we showed em.”  Kettle will say raising his bruised knuckles up his smile beaming.  How can she tell them that violence is bad when the whole world is violent?  The meek are eaten away; there is just no justice.  How can she take away their only friend?  She will do what she has to, to be a good mother.
She walks out the door and pauses by the banister, leaning against it.  There she stays silently listening to their happy voices, mingled with the pig’s snorts, all so innocent, so carefree.  “Enjoy it children.” she whispers.
They have changed so much in the last two months, herself included.  She can still remember Morge’s laugh ringing in her ears, like some defiant challenge.  She was always drawn to his peculiar attitude and loving nature, but she has to wonder if he planned all of this to happen, or is it just bazaar coincidence?  She feels as if she is being guided still by his loving hands, and maybe she is.  She knows he will wait for her.  She looks up, "God I miss you!"  She feels like she is only now beginning to understand joy.  The door slams with quick steps up the stairs.
“Mom?”  It is Kettle calling her.  She turns and smiles.
“I was wondering if it was alright if I went down to the arcade.”
“Sure, but how do you plan on financing your trip?”
“I’ve won access time,” he is smiling, his eyes beaming proudly.
“Won it huh?  You must be good.”  She ruffles his hair.  Then gives him a quick hug.  As he turns to go she prays in a whisper, "forgive me."
Outside in the pen, Rosemarie unfolds a towel on her lap and makes a clicking noise with her tongue while she pats her knee.  “Come here boy, come here.” She whispers gingerly.
The pig stands up and looks at her, and not for the first time Rosemarie feels a deep chill creep up her spine.  There is something weird about the pig, something unnatural.  For one thing its eyes are yellow, a haunting yellow, and its face lumpish and crude, like a swollen melon.
What if some farmer mixed a pig's test tube with an urchin, and this is a hybrid? She has heard of such accidents happening, it is more likely he somehow came from the rad zone, there are reports from the outpost cities of horribly mutated beasts being sighted.  Either way he must be in terrible pain, pain that shows through its eyes, a sorrowful look of a condemned prisoner, she might actually be doing it a favor.
The pig slowly walks over to her, and noses her knee playfully, while she pets it.  Massaging its head until its yellow eyes close beneath the saggy skin of its eyelids and its breathing becomes slower and steady as it drifts into slumber.  With her hand free she reaches down into her boot, her hand grips the hilt, in one motion she withdraws the blade from its scabbard and quickly slits the pigs throat, slicing across it she meets little resistance.  The pig's eyes open and for a mili-second it shudders beneath the thrust, a loud audible distorted 'oink' comes from the blood spewing slit followed by gurgling  sounds.
She withdraws the blade and hot blood spills out of the hole in its neck, running down, washing its dirty skin.  She wraps it’s body up in a towel, and runs her hand down its eyes, masking its yellow stare.  “Rest in peace.”  She says softly, then with a loud huff, lifts the pig up and places it in the wheelbarrow to take back to the house.
She suddenly feels very old and tired and frail.  She will cook the pig first then carve it before the kids notice.  She places it in the oven and turns it up to high, before going upstairs to rest.  She has to drink a few shots of homemade potato moonshine to steady her nerves, it doesn’t take away the fear but it masks the courage. It is the only way she is ever able to kill one of the livestock.
They were all one big family, a family growing smaller each passing week.  She sighs. She needs a rest.  Before going to sleep she downs a sleeping pill, it is so hard to sleep with all this stress.  Yawning she heads upstairs to sleep, escape just for a little while in her dreams.

CHAPTER 18 PIG IN A BLANKET
back to top

The Mosquito Man smiles laughing in the room that is slowly changing shape, the corners are white noise and becoming rounded and droopy, the floor and ceiling saggy.
He toys with his pet that he has been playing with all this time, a soul gained, or rather lost.  Names.  So trivial but the label for yourself can have such a powerful effect.  Once Flamingo Eddy now Ninny.
The Mosquito Man needs to feed.  Ninny soaks in fear that feels so good and his fear is sufficient enough to nourish.  Ninny now ‘lives’ in a place that he can never escape, where worst fears came true, as he longs for the end with such beautiful fear.  His miseries bring the Mosquito Man nothing but pleasure and satisfaction.
He himself is imprisoned in the body of this stupid pig, who’s simple thought patterns overrun his own.  But now the pig is dead, and he is free.  He doesn’t have much time; he will have to find a suitable host to connect with.  He must act fast, he cannot survive long without a body, he must find one NOW!
The Mosquito Man positively shakes in rage. He wants more space!  More power!
The pig’s leg shoots out and kicks the oven door hard, the door flings open, a small charcoal smear of burnt flesh sticking to it.
The pig slowly slides along the floor, the tendons in its legs burnt off, it almost bounces along, its body pushing forward, head dangling between its legs over the carpet, in a stagger.  Its eyes pitch white and hollow, stare ahead unblinking, a thick milky film covering their cornea.
He opens up his mind, attaching a spirit cord to the closest living receptacle while the pig laboriously inches forward down the hall, its burnt body leaving a slug trail along the carpet; a layer of fat, still in liquid form, that oozes from out of its pores.
He feels a life force near and pulls toward it. He drains enough energy to reach the bottom of the staircase and slowly lumbers up them.  A spectacle of pain as he enters the master’s chambers and hops up on bed.  Slowly the dead pig slides across the blankets, his flesh still smoldering.  Shrouded in total darkness it tunnels beneath the covers, he can feel the warmth of a body near.
The dreamer is not shielded on all four sides by wood, having a plastic bed post.  What fools.  To dream unprotected is asking for dreams to become nightmares, without the wood grounding their dreams outside forces can creep in and take control.  Nightmares with no wood would come true.
The blood makes a pool around the body, it forms an octagon.  Crawling, he noses his pig snout on Rose Marie's moist with sweat beading her soft bedding and nestling in her feather and straw bed interior.  Hot pig skin rubs her.  With warmth deeply radiating from Rose Marie's heat, he inches between her legs, spreading and exposing them bare.  Her jeans are on the back of the wooden chair.
He continues to slide forward, as suddenly, both of Rose Marie's long small and delicate hands grasp the bed headboard’s post, moaning, under him, moving her heated hips, opening her jaded snare and releasing the beast from her cage to devour the bait.
The swine’s thick body dwarfs her slim belly, she still in dream state, sleeping, as he, pushing further in, he leaves dried white scratch marks across her heaving breasts innocently escaping out of their holding cells, a hunger, a feeding, as her red and unyielding nipples like a stop light dangerously mounted on a cliff drivers love to run  bud.  The crispy backend of the pig hovers over her legs, stubble with fat lubricant, the hot grease burning, panties, legs, smeared with jell of fat, slide open with lube, bucking, she thumbs and fingers her slim thong, hooking around, dragging off, pork tenderloin pushes against her, nosing, she squeezes his pot belly and rummages her hands on his cheeks under his empty white hardboiled egg yolk eyes.  She moves her hips moaning in gasps beneath the hot fat.
Hands tightly grasp the bedpost, now in a death grip, lifting her lower body up, as she sways, face a grimace of pain, and he enters her, feeling the burning of the hot pig, cooking her under the covers.  Her belly hinges, her hips rising, back and forth as he pounds her, she sticks to the gelatin fat, spreading wider, and fights back with thrusting of her own.
Without an entrance there can be no procession, he, at last, almost at the climax, feels her chakra igniting, he finds her soft, thick lips as he kisses her soulmouth, he continues to plunge his cooked pork chop into her cranberry sauce, they both thrash, the living and dead, spirits joined and broken, she crying out, as the possession of Rose Marie deepens.
The blood is crude but necessary for a living recipe, a reformat of DNA, codes he mutates and changes her chemistry.
His burnt hide leaves more small scratches along her, the pig drying up dehydrated, the sticky fat lubricating.
He is lifted out and free, freedom from the pig, and as Rose Marie's breathing escalates into deep pitching gasps, the spirit world funnels into her pussy, her dam opens and her jam bursts out free, spraying everywhere.  Awake, a millisecond of pitch black hell and screaming pain, with the wrong feeling of her submitting body she now loses control of, and the Mosquito Man, escaping the pig’s primitive mindset cage, is sucked inside Rose Marie's ready, freshly prepared and made for his consumption, warm soft body.
Imposing his will over her own, she submits so sweetly and feeds him with delicious fear, the pig is out of the oven and he is cooking.  He attaches to Rose Marie's being like a leech sucking on her, in her, and to her, he chants as he already sends more energy leashes out to the living beings around him.  The pig, empty corpse, falls still and unmoving its snout rests between her breasts, blood drawn into the small dip of her belly.

CHAPTER 19 DANCE OF THE DEAD
back to top

Rosemarie is dancing nude beneath the moonlight in a field of mud.  Her arms lightly move around her body in small intricate motions, her bare feet digging into the mud burrows, lightly sinking into them but rolling off without leaving footprints.  She can feel the energy around her electrifying, stemming from out of her fingertips.  Stretching it grows, she can feel below the mud, the skin of the worms and the roots of the trees, she touches and feels with a loving caress the rich muddy life-feeding dirt flowing beneath the soil.
The blowing wind keeps the beat in her head, lightly wrapping against her dark silhouette.  Keeping in rhythm, she dances around the muddied burrows.  She can hear her own mouth chanting a song, her voice is distant and old, older then the surrounding mountains.
Around her small buds sprout through the top of the soil, and as she dances and sways, they grow.  They are not corn stalks, they are trees, mighty oaks and fortresses of pine steadily grow around her, till she is no longer dancing in a barren field, but underneath a dense forest.  Still she dances and a carpet of foliage rolls over the mud, around the trees, and birds come to nest, and deer and animals slowly evolve and grow, all of them swaying and dancing to the same song.
Something grows, hidden in shadows, something which she cannot see and her song cannot reach.  No matter how she tries, she cannot catch it.  It avoids her and grows.  A black shroud of nothingness, expanding, consuming trees, turning their tall, proud trunks into withered forms, colorless and gray, the animals in the forest flee towards her to avoid it, but their bodies soon become gray slumps, their eyes whispering of silent pain and fear, pleading for death before melting away.
There is nothing she can do to save them, she cannot reach them, soon it surrounds her as well, turning her flesh into sludge, and she is alone, a skeleton dancing in a wasteland.
Dancing, but not alone, out of nowhere a man appears, his skin, smooth and wet looking, and his long tongue, bloated and repulsive, stretches out to lick her lips.  A smile stretches across his face.
Rosemarie stares at him accusingly, the rhythm of her body slowly dying, her song murmuring into the shadows, until she stands completely still and motionless before the creature.
“Your soul song, so beautiful and so sad,” he laughs, “Ah your soul is indeed old, and like the trees, who grow a new ripple with each passing mold, each new life you grow a new ring for my hand to wear.  A living record of your own despair.  Here you sit in the ruins of the corrupted estuary entrusted in your care.  Don’t blame me for your failure. This is your death’s dance.  They trusted you, I may be your only salvation, your only chance.”  The figure laughs again, amused at this notion, “your soul still tries to perform its function, but the code is corrupted.  Time for you to complete the cycle,  now  kneel before your new master!"
“Who are you and what do you want?”  Rosemarie asks, her words sounding harsh and ugly compared to the creatures.
“I am the Mosquito Man.  Don’t fight you cannot resist to give me your body with a sweet smelling kiss.”
Rosemarie backs up, her hands immediately covering her nakedness.
The Mosquito Man chuckles, “Let me reword it to, your mind, or absence of.  You are now insane.  You shall stay trapped here, in the sixth plane.”
“This is just a dream.”  Rosemarie says, more to herself then the figure.
“Oh sure, whatever masks your guilt, you can run and hide in dreams, but you cannot escape this reality.  Nothing is ever what it seems"
She screams.  She desperately wishes to be back home.  She wakes up in bed; Morge is asleep next to her.  What a nightmare!  But then she shrieks in terror, Morge has a pig’s head.

CHAPTER 20 HORNY SLUGS
back to top

The Mosquito Man wakes up and stretches in her new body.  She pulls the covers off of her and exposes the dead, baked body of the pig between her legs.  She pulls its body off of her with resistance; the fat condensing has stuck to her skin, it slurps as she removes it.  The blood has dried, on her neck and mouth, bonding the pigs skin to hers.  She looks its body over, dangling it around.  Things are looking better.
She stands and, pausing in front of the mirror on her way out the door, she poses, admiring her naked body, her eyes rest on her face, and a pair of bright yellow eyes stare back at her.
The downstairs door slams shut.
“We’ve back mom," a child’s voice yells.
The Mosquito Man, her boots on reaches for the knife, walking disjointedly she makes it to the stairs.  There is a trail of dried blood, which leads to the kitchen.  She follows it.
In the kitchen three children are hunched around the oven, its door is wide open and hot to the touch.  An inferno of heat is pouring out of it.  Smell of death, evil, her scent and funk.
A boy turns and looks at her, a puzzled expression on his face.
“Germ right? You must come out of the light.”
The boy cringes. The Mosquito Man drops the carcass of the pig on the counter and “Yes I remember you Germ, and Daisy, and Kettle as well.  I remember your smell.”
She drives the knife deep into the pig till it meets the hilt of the long blade.
“A treat to eat.” she whispers chuckling.
They stare at it cautiously; the girl begins to cry.
“Oh, don’t cry for him, trust me, the stupid pig is very happy.  He died to reside inside you.”
The girl nods her head and nimbly begins biting at a leg.
“Now the urchin farm,” she says, “I think the farmer is due a date with me, he has tools… his lucky day.  Oh we will play a fun game together!  In his Master’s Name!”  She suddenly laughs madly, not a woman's laugh at all, it is an ear piercing shriek of painful longing, and the pig's body withers up draining like a raisin, the kids terrified scatter running away.  She pays no heed.

***
As she glides to the neighboring farm she reaches out feeling so alive and thirsty for life.  Bugs pop all around her, their tiny life force drains quickly but still they feed her.  This is going to be fun.
***
A man stands at the doorway, suspenders running over his bare chest keep his trousers on, he wears black gloves covered with colorless jelly.
He stares over her naked body, then smiles, his teeth and gums stained black.
“Well hello little lady, what can I do fer you?”  He says, looping his thumbs through his suspenders.
“Who’s that at the door?” a ladies face stares past his shoulders.  “Whatever you want, go away.  Put some clothes on.”  She says, a purple flush rising on her cheeks.
The Mosquito Man smiles and waves the palm of her hand over their faces.  “Blind me!  I can't see!” screams the man, clutching at his eyes.
“Me neithers!”  The woman shrieks.
The Mosquito Man pushes past them and enters the house.  Wooden carpentry finely polished, yellow candlesticks never lit, baskets full of dried out plants and plastic fruit, lavish wooden fortresses of furniture, a case on the wall housing the family’s set of untouchable silverware, and the family portraits, painted plaster, the rooms square shaped and carpeted.
“If this is your reward, you would have been far better off swallowing the word and staying in your muddied dwelling holes casting shadows in the night with your souls as tadpoles.”
The Mosquito Man walks out back and down to the farm house.  Inside the pig pens Urchins lay mingled with pigs.  She ignores them as they oink cry and whine.
Inside the room test tubes line the wall, some of them holding pinkish growth, others not.  Each is labeled with masking tape, and dated with a black marker, which hangs on the door.  A large machine makes up the far wall, looking like a large microscope, except the table to hold a slide is large enough to lie on.  Its cover is removed showing electric gears and components, its label reads, “Genetic DNA”
“So alien,” she says disgusted.  “What a backwards world this is where their devices are made of metal, they do not breathe, they are not alive, they have no feelings, they know no fear, their taste is so bland.”  She smiles sweetly, “Well that will all change soon, it is time to breathe new life into this land.”
She calls and the farmer comes groveling towards her, she diagnoses the man’s thoughts, sees through his eyes and digests his knowledge.  Controlling him is easy, she only has to shatter his small known world suffocate his mind and plant a seed of fear in his simple thought pattern and he is like a blank canvas ready to be painted.
Oh he will be a good pet, he will do her bidding, hang on her every whim, his own life forgotten, she will have to transform his body into one more suitable for her servant, channel through his mind, encaging the demon there and turning him against himself.  “Urchin” she says to him and smiles as his brows deepen, cringing, his face shaking and he has the look of a mad dog, his new name he will now answer to, strips away his last shred of humanity, “Where are your tools?"  The man points to the metal tools on the rack.  "We are not casting a blade or shoes for a horse.”
"Tools for flesh. The master's mold.”  The man stares at her blankly.
The Mosquito Man presses her hand over his head and he has a vision.  Small ball of flesh, few others of different sizes, some gray, some yellow, they form an image in his mind and the Mosquito Man reads it,  “Yes, slugs, leeches,  tools, they are near for they hear my calling, go in the field and gather my children!”
The man scurries away on all fours while Rosemarie familiarizes herself with her surroundings.
The whole driveway is covered with the things crawling out of the very woodwork. Soon afterwards the farmer promptly returned with a hat full of slugs and leeches.
She already knows the living blue print she will need.  She is a master flesh and bone manipulator and these slugs are some of the basic tools that crawled off of the creator’s table.
She sucks one in her mouth, her fangs carve into it, teeth small since they are just starting to grow after the possession, yet sharp and with a trace of the venom deep in the root.  She rolls the slug around in her mouth and bites the head.
Cutting patterns of ancient symbols in the slug, it's skin splicing and with small bites, she admires the familiar almost forgotten taste and draws intricate designs of now forgotten runes in its skin.  She imposes her blue print of demented demonic life on it; giving its purpose a will, and exposing the nature of the beast just down the hall past the rusty cemetery gate and the final cash register.  She opens the doorway to hell.
The man flinches at her smile and bows crawling, cowering on his knees, head low.
The Mosquito Man places both of the rune covered yellow slugs in exactly the right position on his temple.  They need a little coaxing at first before they burrow into his head, biting through his skull they sink into his brain.
“Ah my marvelous tools, you have not forgotten though you are trodden on by fools, your rebirth is near.”
The farmer thrashes on the cold, wet, cement floor.  After a few moments of his body shaking in death spasms the slugs burrow themselves deeper into his brain with their tail end sticking out.  The two protruding horns flicker sniffing the air, from side to side.  His body is now ready.  When he looks up again, still ‘alive’, the fear coursing as his soul trapped in his new body’s prison, feeds her splendidly.  His eyes sink down and he shrieks as his eyeballs burn, trail of smoke rises out the holes, his eyes boil sizzling.  His breathing quickens and he pants like a eager dog on a hunt looking at the Mosquito Man, now he stares at him with bright yellow eyes.
She will have to break and rebuild his skeletal frame manually, but what the hell, it feels good to be working with raw matter again, flesh and bone.  She can manipulate him into anything yet she already knows what image Urchin should have, she can read the fear buried deep in this mortal’s mind, she will have to shorten him to about half size.  She is curious to see what six feet of bone will look like compressed to three.  Then he will be urchin size, then his name would fit like the skin on a cat.  Then she will wallow in his fear, sucking it up growing stronger.  Yes everybody has their own personal hell, one that they themselves have created.

CHAPTER 21 POTTERY OF PAIN
back to top

All of Blight’s senses are gone.  He is a rock being withered away by time on an ant’s traffic lane.  A rock with eyes for pores staring into the gloom of absolute darkness, he is pulled further in, losing himself losing his identity as it is swallowed inside a void, voices he cannot hear, surrounding, overtaking till he loses himself in them, unable to tell which thought is his own, distorted he falls.
A pinpoint finds him, a beam from a buried grave, a beacon, spark of light, a grain of sand, a universe, exploding from his pupil, gradually an image grows larger, a tainted red light eating away at the darkness.  Then it rushes him.
He stands on top of a mountain peak, a flat island amid whose white cloud crests slowly fall and rise before him.  He is no longer alone but very, very lost.  A man on a shaded rainbow blanket makes pottery, he sits while stacked randomly clay pots are gathered on top of one another, with green grass entangled around their base.
"Ah you must be the new recruit."  The man says, his red eyes fixed on the pottery.
"Where am I?  And who are you?"
"Hmmmm…. Well you see, two simple questions yet quite complex.  Still they merit a good answer,” the man smiles.  "Before you are to know who I am you must first know who you are."
"Sweet Einstein…"  Blight sinks into the ground, weight of the sky crashes down, granite rock cement pouring over him, it is as if water had just been added to the air to make it solidify, it presses him down.  The granite itself changes as well into liquid warmth, cooler then the air.  Blight, nothing more than a warm glob, oozes along crevices, stretching he is massaged, changing in form yet always the same size.  Something pulls at him like a magnet to metal, and he reaches towards the heat of the other, feeling its radiating aura, so beautiful so comfortable he melts to it and consumes its liquid ecstasy.  He wraps around it, confining its warmth, merging his own aura with it, then, suddenly, there is a small shake and the liquid elastic snaps back into its original mold.
Blight finds himself sliding around on his stomach, his hands clutching a daisy.
"For me?" the man says laughing, "ah, how nice."
Blight lets the flower drop to the ground and stands up, with a heavy scowl, his face feeling multiple beads of moisture.
"Kinda makes you feel like instant mashed potatoes doesn’t it?"  The man says, his hands flowing along the curve of the muddy pot’s lip.  The man pulls off a chunk of his leg and begins molding it, Blight notices that the man is made from the mountainside, the clay of his body merges with the mountain mud.  "Don't take it to heart, although it is an important lesson and a humble one to remember every now and then.  Now as for your other question of where you are we need a slight introduction first."
Blight opens his mouth to speak but the man raises his hand and stifles him.  "You have given up control, do you know who is pulling the puppet strings?  This is also important," he says, "a new experience, I’ll explain; there are six levels.  You didn't know there were more than two, did you?” he rubs the pot, “You are on the fifth level.”
“Each level plane differs slightly, in that the lower you go down the space grows, able to hold more to do more.  Here the portals are all aligned, to quench your questions although you may not like the answers you seek."
The man stands and pulls up the blanket that he is sitting on, revealing a large granite rock.  It is worn down to such extent that it now shines like a mirror.  Blight looks into the mirror and sees a reflection of a window, which has a view of a portrait that is a painting of a waterfall.  Through the wall of rushing water is an operating room.  It is a ceiling view.
Blight stares down at the bodies lying down on top of the operating tables, still as death.  He sees his own body, the right side of his head has been shaved, and his brain lay exposed, sealed in translucent plastic with a string of wire cables plugged into it.
"Your body has taken to the first stage quite nicely."  The man says behind him.  "Some of them haven’t you know."
The man turns the clay pot he is working on around and Blight sees a very familiar face molded on it, it is his own.  The man lays the blanket back over the rock.
"So now you see why your questions were so complicated, your body is still on the operating table and you are here.  Now are you real?  Am I real?  That I cannot tell you, yet, I’ll let you draw your own conclusions.  I wouldn’t worry about it.  As long as the junkies get their fix, it'll be all right, or is it, if it ain’t broke yet you can still afford a fix take a break?  I forget but we will give you a good fix."
"I don't like this and I don't like you.  I want to get back to my body!"  Blight stammers but his voice crawls out of a hole in his stomach and chest, sounds like a garbage disposal gobbling up live squirrels, his breath heaves heavy in the distance like champagne corks popping so faint and far away. Mindville is so very disorienting but this is such a loss of feeling, this is an total out of body experience that Blight feels very confused and motion sick.
He feels like he has lost his body and prays that this hanging in limbo feeling is not permanent, he remembers the last words his father told him. "It's my right to die", and prays for a change, anything just as long as this feeling in limbo doesn’t continue.  He feels naked and exposed, prodded and probed, dead but still very painfully aware of his body, he wonders if maybe they can even read and dissect his thoughts and begins to think of green jungle vines invading the mountain man’s mouth and face.
The man doesn't seem to mind.  "There is another level deeper than this, it is on the sixth plane." The man says his voice low.  "It is vastly broader than this one, and much more powerful.  It is different for everyone who enters it since it draws its scenery from each player.  You’re going to really enjoy this great opportunity to grow."
"Oh great.  Another stupid game.  Well, stick you and the sixth plane and your dick up your ass you baby eating correct corporate asshole and just leave me the fuck alone!”  The man wears an odd smile and nods sucking purple light into his mouth.
“Yes, I know, ass reference, very clever, well Blight, here’s mine,” the man spits,”talk to the foot cause the hand is already shoved so far up your ass I’m crushing tonsils!” says the man, “Game over!”
Blight grimaces in pain at the very bad line as the old man lights a cigar takes a deep drag and lies down blowing it out,  Blight adds vomit to his stinging words and says “You fucking dumbass shut up.”
“Oh, what’s the matter, did I offend someone?” the man says innocent smile on his lips, finger on his chin in dimples, “I’m just warming up, now, check this, I hope your dick’s mouth eats out walrus pimps pussy sores and nipples form on your forehead as baby rats milk out your brains and your butthole your eating drowns in your stomach of shriveling ant livers while you hang your rotting face on a stick to feed you to the fluff worm hole whores after dick butt buffet shit piles are force fed down you, your own disease mildew and yellow pussy yeast asshole, so you can go squirt brains out your ass and die,"  
Blight groans, “How much more, this is hell right?  Fucking hell, you are an idiot!”  He stops and takes a deep breath, “Fuck you and fuck your stupid game!” he says feeling better, as if he just vomited out sickness and rage, but he still is helpless to strike back which just makes the anger build more and yet, he isn’t really scared, though in the back of his mind he knows suffering will be involved, great suffering, and he should shut up.
The man looks out in contemplation then nods his head a little, in agreement.  "Yes, yes, but oh, we didn't design this ‘game’, it was already there, and you're really going to love this ‘game’." The man laughs, "Here, look for yourself."  He holds up the small pottery jar, lifts off the cover and points the opening of it towards Blight.
Blight’s body breaks up into countless different particles, which squirm and twirl like a tornado before diving down into the jar.
He is back inside his old cubical at home in the city.
"Your training begins now." the man’s words echo down upon him.  Blight stares up to see a large eye staring back at him, before it slowly fades into the moon.
The man puts the lid back on the jar and stacks it on the ledge where a dozen others rest.  "Good luck in Hell," the man says laughing, as the room dissolves and melts into the constantly changing swirling substance, the source of matter and thought.

CHAPTER 22 WORM HOLE
back to top

BLIP - PA - BLIP - PAA - BLIP  A drop of water rushes down a maze of branches, the bark weathered with deep impressions.  It spirals down a stem, gaining speed, and dives off the edge of a green leaf to free fall through the layers of air to the ground.  It fragments on top of a small raggedy bundle of clothes and flesh, followed by another and another and another, as the suicidal army goes marching on.
Blight awakes, his body lays splintered against the trunk of a tree, a drop of water tears down his forehead and soaks into the cotton of his garment.  His clothes are wet and cling to his body, entrapping and insulating a numbing coldness.  He looks around him with an apprehensive glance.  Always scared, always unsure.
He is not in the same place he had been when he went to sleep the night before, but that is to be expected.  The scenery changes with each dream.  He fell asleep on an old, rotten cot left discarded in the long abandoned alleyways of a rundown hotel he visited once, and now from what he can tell by the shadows around him, he awoke in the middle of a dense forest.
“So here’s where today’s scenario will be played out,” Blight says shaking from the cold.  His hands are smooth and tiny, he feels his face, no whiskers, just smooth skin.  He crawls over to where a stagnant pool of water lay, he looks into it, at his reflection.  A small figure peers back at him, the shadows of the trees mask his face and make it hard to see clearly in the dark just before the dawn.  He is a small boy.  This must be a memory block from long ago.
His memory is jumbled and distorted.  It is impossible to separate the truth from reality, or was it the truth from the lies?  Blight no longer knows.  Is this his actual life, or is it more like a dream, to be forgotten when woken up.  If it was not for the voice, the comforting voice counseling him, conversing with him, he would truly have nothing.  Lately the voice is becoming more frequent and growing louder as if he is nearing its source.  Blight can no longer fight it.  The best memories he has are being used against him, he can no longer tell friend from enemy, once it was all clear but now he just does not know any longer.
Blight takes a deep breath and then sits back down, he still has a couple of minutes before it begins.
The signal for its start will be, as it always is, the first rays of sunlight.  As if on cue, a patch of sunlight breaks free from the towering tree limbs overhead and lands squarely upon Blight’s shoulders.  The game begins.
A small yellow footstep of his right foot is illuminated up through the ground,  Blight steps on it with his right foot, and immediately a yellow foot print appears before it, a few paces away.  Blight leaps onto it with his left foot.  “I must of been running” he thinks.  The footprint behind him disappears as one appears in front of him.  The footsteps web a trail through the dark ground and majestic tree trunks and Blight follows.  Failure to do so results in pain.  Pain.  Pain.  Everything results in pain.
Feeling like a well-trained rat, Blight obeys, walking in the footsteps of his past, down memory lane.  Each step takes him closer to his destination, which is more a moment then a place.  Gradually all worry and fear leave him, as he slips back in time.
It is a sunny summertime afternoon.  His step aunt has taken a week off from work to take him to the Section-U8 Rainforest, one of the last living forests in the world.  His name is Blight and he is five years old.
“Blight!  Time to eat!”
“I’m coming!” Blight yells back at his step aunt and races down the woodland path towards the clearing.  She is waiting for him at the edge of the wood line, and with a gleeful yell he jumps into her embracing arms.  Laughing his step aunt picks him up and kisses him on the forehead and gives him a piggy back ride to the picnic area while he tells her about all of the exciting things he saw.  The trees, a little green bug, hopped.  “Grasshopper” his step aunt says laughing.
Beneath a tall pine tree a red and white checkered blanket lays, with a picnic basket standing guard in the middle.  They both sit down on it while his step aunt gets the plates and utensils and places them neatly in front of him.
“Now will you like a leg or breast meat Blight?”
“Leg please.  Have you seen Atom around?  I haven’t seen him all day.”  Atom is Blight’s dog and his best friend, they were raised together from birth.
“Yes, he’s right here honey.”  His step aunt says and smiles at his eagerness to eat, she empties the contents of the basket onto the blanket. She coaxes the dog in her lap and pets it, Blight hugs the small dog.
“My, my, aren’t you hungry! All this running!  You must have quite the appetite!  Well eat away, eat away!”
“Atom!  Did you have fun in the woods Atom?” he hugs the dog tightly, and the dog’s eyes shake back and forth, dull, cold unflinching eyes.  Dead eyes.
Blight lets go of the dog and screams as it slipped between his arms and rolls back onto the picnic blanket.
“Oh, can’t we go anywhere without you making a scene?  Do you know how hard it was for me to take off from work?  Now be a good dear and hush up.”  His step aunt says sternly and cleaves off one of the dog’s back legs.
“But.. but he’s dead auntie.  Atoms dead.”  Blight says between gasps.
“Why of course he’s dead, you killed him.  Now eat your food like a good little boy.”  His step aunt puts Atom’s back leg on Blight’s plate and begins cutting off the other one for herself.
“I did not kill him!  I would never kill him!” Blight screams, and then falls face down and starts pounding the ground as he cries.
“You killed me Blight,” gurgles Atom while choking up blood and innards.  “You murdered me, and now you want to eat.  Well meat is murder!  Murderer!”  He slowly moves towards Blight.
“No, I would never hurt you Atom, we are best friends.”  Blight cries.
Atom creeps up beside Blight’s heaving chest, then stares Blight dead in the eye, with only the whites visible, he makes a watery sound and barks, yelling,  "REDRUM,  REDRUM!", and pushing his nose into Blight’s mouth, he squeezes his leathery nose pushing up against Blight’s teeth, “Eattttt meeeee!” he manages to scream before collapsing Blight’s teeth inward, until it is bone against bone.
Blight thrashes unable to roll over, his neck opens up as Atom edges further down his throat, caught there.  Blight lays paralyzed.
Blight still feels pain but cannot move.
“God?” he prays, “Are you there?”
“Yes, my son.”  It is the voice.  “You have been a bad boy.  You must be punished.  This will be very painful to bear.  The pain and hatred will cleanse you.  You must pay for your sins.” says the voice, then the voice sings a melody and Blight desperate for escape, listens to it feeling like waking from a dream, he only gets a moment before the song ends and he is back to pain of his reality,  “You’ve been very bad, a very bad bad boy.  This will hurt but it will make you feel better, you are going to pay for your sins.”
“That’s a good boy, eat your meal.”  His step aunt says and smiles, a long sneer, shreds of furry dog meat in her teeth.
The dog inches further down Blight’s throat, Blight’s bottom jaw breaks off of his mouth, it collapses inward, taking his nose with it as the dog plows deeper into his skull cavity and down his throat.  The skin from Blight’s cheeks hugs the dog’s mouth tightly, like a leather mini skirt.
Blight can feel each lump and patch of fur that squeezes beneath his lips.  Atom gets stuck, and goes into spasms, convulsing, vibrating the back of Blight’s head into the ground.
“Care for a biscuit dear?” His step aunt asks from across the blanket.
Blight tries to roll over on his side but cannot.
Atom’s skin tears easily, it is rotting.  A buzzing, a swarm of flies come and land on Blight’s face, a powerful stench of hotdog innards left out in the sun surrounds, gore and guts covered with bugs, as, little pinches on his skin, slithering things.  A maggot falls on his eyelid, Blight screams, then another falls and another.  Maggots, flies, ants on his body, inside and out, cling to him like piglets would their mother, sucking on individual imaginary meaty nipples, they eat, burrowing beneath his sweet skin.
He can hear nothing but their tiny silent chewing, munching mouths, he cannot see anything without one of them greedily digging into his eyeballs. He hibernates inside the cocoon of maggots.  They feast for an unknown amount of time injecting more eggs into his carcass, and the whole process restarts itself as he slowly is eaten away.  He goes through countless generations, each one more painful than the last.
As they gnaw his head though, it is almost as if he is becoming one with them, one soul, one consciousness, one maggot.
Blight is disoriented.  He is viewing sixteen different things at once.  They are standing on the checkered tablecloth; the first line is black ants and the second is black maggots.  There is a loud breaking drum BOOM, and a wave of red ants and maggots come charging forward.  Their bodies are that of ants and maggots, but their faces, their faces.  Blight sits, staring at their faces.
Faces of his family, his friends.  His mother, his father, Lucy, Jack, Eddy.
They, his closest friends and family, beat down and gorge on Blight’s team, biting off the last of the Black ant’s heads, a Red Maggot Queen, Lucy, his sweet heart, goes down on the bloody pawn, riding the cock and rubbing on more, then kisses turn to licks before sinking her mouth in, burrowing into his chest pulling out his heart leaving a bloody cavity as she chucks it onto the ground and smooches it.
“You must kill them” the voice says.
His whole team is slaughtered, and the red forces, his family, they all smile at him as they near, smile, eyes twinkling, then as they approach, their smiles expand, their shinning teeth are daggers, they fall down upon him, biting him, killing him.
“They mean you harm.”
He is the only one left, and they close in on him, cornering him.
An red ant comes charging at him, the face of his father, distorted with hate, grabs his arm and bites down into it, ripping it out of its socket.
“They want to kill you.”
Blight lashes out at him, his blow is weak, but his father falls down, his body crumbling beneath the weight of the blow.
“Yes!  They want to feed on you!”
More red ants close in on him, the face of his younger Sister, Blight crushes with his foot, his whole life, a joke, before, he was only used as a battery to feed them, they never loved him, they never wanted him, they just wanted him as a battery to drain, a slave to milk and feed on his body and blood, they wanted to keep him remaining a stupid pawn, and now he is evolving, his rage builds.  His life has been a prison sentence, as the ones he kept closest in his heart, before are really his worst enemies.
“Feel the hatred.”  Fire burns beneath his eye sockets, flames leap roaring his rage.
“They mean you harm.”
The pain, bone crunching, burning, twisting, a volcano erupting, the earth splitting, the hatred, the pain, Blight madly attacks them, his jaw locking on flesh, his dog Atom bursts as he crushes him,  everywhere bones rip out, as his legs and appendages stab through bodies.
“They want to feast off of you.”
The rage builds in him, he pulls his leg out of Lucy’s forehead, his teenage sweetheart.  The girl he had wanted to marry.  She falls backwards onto the mounds of bodies, a gaping hole in her head pours out puss.
Last, kick, and thrust, his mother falls, the spatula still in her hands. Blight is alone on the battlefield.  No, not alone.
On the far corner stands the red worm king.  His giant body towers in the air, rings of gray rubbery flesh sparkling in the sunlight, but its face, its face is of a crab-man wearing a crab like astronaut’s helmet.  Blight has seen him before, but he cannot remember where.  The man smiles at him.
“Welcome.” the worm king says, it is the source of the voice, Blight at last found it.  “Welcome home son.” The man says, smiling, his eyes bright red.  Then the worm slowly lowers itself, till its belly rests on the ground, it opens its mouth and a large dark hole forms, Blight walks into it, the tunnel on the edge of night.

CHAPTER 23 KISS THE SKY GOODBYE
back to top

“Oh my, don’t we make a nice pair of flies?”
Trapped in a web of fire, as if spun from live wires, to live is to invite pain, and its howling heightens beyond reason.  The web is spun from chunks of memory, they can remember details so vivid, but every thought the web catches brings agony as it is dissected, beaten, pumping them full of black, used, blood and turns them into an edible thought; fight it and it just tightens its hold, they are forced to eat every one, zombie’s organ tumors, till they become lost and know nothing else; that’s when the reassuring voice of their master calls soothingly, sending instructions, preparing them to serve.  Waiting…
…waiting…
so long in suspension while they learn how to spin matter into bodies of thought to control.  Here they are told, they are born, like galaxies created through violent collisions.  The only thing that passes the time is pain.  The spider too is real, born from their combined minds, a compromise to their new found, if not forced, companionship in each other.  They discover they can ‘hear’ what the other is thinking, the other’s thoughts are coupled with their own, until they overlap each other.  The spider smiles through glowing red eyes.  Its long hairy legs, black and beautiful and so sexy, Morge just wants to pet its soft furry underside, radiate in its warmth as he paints its multiple tits red with love, stroking its egg sacks.
“Stop that you imbecile, you’re provoking it,” curses Blight.
“But I love it!”  Morge is almost crying.  “It’s so beautiful man.  Can’t you feel the love?”
Blight formed an icon somehow, somewhere, burned with hate and born from the mesh of their minds, like this webbing net.  He can control it somewhat, a single cord on a living guitar, and he strikes it, vibrating the web, and drives the spider away, kicking at Morge.
Their master laughs amused.  “Work together, my children.”
Blight has the suspicion Morge is deliberately holding back.  He doesn’t want to leave their cocoon state till the spider is free of their minds, and their minds are so jacked up the network's ass that they need a compass to find their way out, and the needle always points to their master.
As if in sleep their minds float free for awhile waiting, some of the recruits voices are silenced and a feeling of emptiness prevails until their gap is filled by another and they all share the same dream until slowing waking up, a new recruit, a nameless woman, is dragged through the mesh of minds and pushed into a place of no space, nothing to look at hear or touch.  All as one they feel her terror, feel her pain, and will again as it is recorded, and their one-way link with her remains permanently open; and with no alternative they abandon her to insanity.
They are are still in Mindville, but a much deeper plane, a universe of rediscovery, their bodies not yet completed healing.
They find themselves sitting on different branches in a large canopy tree, connected to the main trunk by vines.  Visions flash, reality tears and the tree takes form of a large man, they are now connected with muscle and bones.
“I am the secretary.  You will do all I say until you die or I kill you which ever come first”
There is a high whine as the recruits, like dogs salivating over a steak, wait in anticipation for a change, while showing how ready they are to serve.  They pump-feed off a collective mixed blood of thoughts.
Together they train.  Always somehow physically connected to the body of the secretary and each other, vines, veins, tongues, roots, cords, chains, in this way they learn how to act as one while the secretary stays in total control.  The secretary is just a pawn however, the true undeniable power lay inside the junction room, behind closed eyes.  Their master and operator.
What was there before?  Not important now.  Now they fight.  What is there to fear?  They no longer fear anything, anything but their master’s bone chilling voice, devoid of emotion, where one word from his thin lips can mean so much, stir so many painful memories into awakening.  His icy cold touch reaches down their spine constricting nerves.  It is said that if commanded, the master can stop their heart from beating, their lungs from breathing.  He is the master of all, he is the power, and with him there is no peace.
Blight is used to riding the worm burrowing in the secret unknowns of the net, he believes what he is told, that this is death, and he no longer shudders when in the wake of its spectrum eyes.  Yet his gut feeling about authority, that it should be questioned, remains strong, and any orders not directly received from their master are subject to his scrutiny.
“This is stupid.  I just want to know why?  We share like minds, but the same body as well?  How much more torture must I endure?”
“Maggot, do it, coordinate better, or we’ll eat you..  Everywhere he goes, you go, left and right, and vica versa.  Get used to it.”
“But he is so stupid!  Why me?” says Blight.
The whole right side of his body is fused into Morge’s left side, shoulder fused into shoulder and hip fused into hip.  Collectively they now have two arms and two legs.
“You are a team.  Suffer together.  It makes the whore of misery fuck.  Think of him as a Siamese twin.”
Blight cocks his head and looks at Morge's smiling face.
“I think I'm the cuter one, huh twin?” says Morge.
“The sooner we die the better,” sighs Blight.
Around them other recruits, fused with their partner, are struggling to walk together.  The third pair, having finally coordinated their walking into a sort of duck shuffle, enter the portal to the obstacle course and disappear.
“Our turns next, we should probably practice walking.”  says Morge.
Blight, tenses and then shivers.
"What's wrong?"  said Morge.
"I think I can feel your ball, we are sharing the same dick!"
"Forget about it, stay focused, if it's the same to you I would rather not use that gun in this fight anyway."
"I hope no one is watching." says Blight and as he lifts the left leg, Morge lifts the right, and as one they both fell on their back, like a turtle.
“12 you’re up.” the secretary says.
“We are practicing,” says Morge.
The man smiles death and says, “Ok, I’ll just wait until...”
He grabs with mindstone a rubber-like rock material of the web, and hurls their connected bodies toward the portal door.
The secretary is standing in front of the mirror’s portal to greet them.
“Here's today's scenario, hackers have taken over a water tower.  They employ everything in state of the art weaponry to some things we just dreamed up.  The water tower is a mile away; you have thirty seconds before they notice your arrival.  First cross the field, then climb the water tower, and then kill the operator and return control over to the corporation.”
“How do you expect me to climb a water tower with this idiot connected to me?” asks Blight.
“I don’t.  I expect you to die.” says the secretary, “You won’t make it to the tower, but if you do it should be fun to watch.”
“How far have the others gotten?”
“See for yourself,” says the secretary smiling, he opens the door, and in fall the joined bodies of the last couple who entered, fried off body parts, dead.  Scattered irregularly throughout the field are the twisted bodies of the recruits.  The farthest one is barely two hundred yards out.
“Fail in this and eat shit for a week.”
“Oh… not Again!  Not Maggots again,” cries Blight, “I hate maggots.”
"…but I love you," comes a voice from below.  "Just like I love to poop and eat the poop of other maggots and then poop and eat it and just have an poop party," says the tiny voice again.  Morge unclenches his one hand, and Blight sees a plump giant maggot, with white ribbed rubbery sides and big red lips.
"Go ahead and pet it," said Morge.  "It’s an angel that will soon go through the miracle of transformation and grow angel wings and a head and little legs and spread happiness everywhere it goes.  It won't bite, get over your fear and become friends."
It seems to Blight that the crazier you are the easier it is to manipulate your surroundings here in Mindville's inner sanctum.  Blight is getting the knack of it through deep concentration but Morge has it mastered.  Blight bashes his head into Morge’s and the maggot burrows back into Morge’s chest.
“Go!” says the secretary kicking them out the mirror.  The portal shrinks behind them.
The air is dry and humid.  The scarce vegetation around them is brown and frail; the ground is mostly composed of sand although in a few spots mounds of dirt lay.
They both stand still.  "Well I'm waiting for you to lead," says Morge smiling.  They do the two-step before they both fall in the turf like a dog’s turd.
Morge suddenly grins, “What do Bunnies do?” He screams.
“What are bunnies?  You fuck head.”  Blight scowls rolling his eyes.
“They are…  like… what do you call.. animals?  But I think they Hop!  Let’s do the Bunny hop!”
Blight, thinking of no good argument against, sighs and begins to hop and skip.  Together, slow at first they begin picking up momentum.
“Feel the Bunny!”
“Our thirty seconds is probably about..”
The ground around them thuds with the impact of explosions, spraying up of sand and rock.  Like an ant’s diarrhea, small pinholes pierce them, followed by the sound of gunfire, which grows steadily as bullets snap close to their heads.
In the distance, small glimpses of metal reflected by sunlight are visible, growing larger in size and taking shape as they near.
“Enemy Cyborg 3 o’clock!”
Blue boxes suddenly appear around the enemy cyborgs, marking them in range.  In mid leap Blight’s eye tracking laser blinks and malfunctions and Morge's rifle is shot out of his hand taking three fingers with it.  Yet they do not stop or even pause as a spray of laser fire in systematized bursts sizzle all around them, grenades with loud CLAPS, as the air rushes in to fill the gaps.  Morge, as he usually does when hurt, starts his imitations of Porridge Maker in the love flick, “Kill me,” when she drowns in a pool of Whale sperm, his voice like the wind blowing into a floating bottle every time the ocean swells lifts it, shouts out the death song as they hop.
“Oh you can take my clothes off...” he sings the hit song by Porridge Maker.
They hop along,  their movement completely erratic as they both try to force their body into different directions, almost as a compromise, their body heads somewhere neither of them want, but always a little closer to the water tower and in such a zig zag fashion they near it.
“You can take my liver...”
The ground explodes as the computerized lazer turrets try to find a pattern in their movement and fire at their next likely step.  Mortar fire rains down, metal fragments embed in them.
“...my ass in packaged baloney...”
"Think of something," shouts Blight.
Suddenly the field is covered with little pink bunnies, nibbling on the grass and hopping to and fro.
“but your zombie pussy lips won’t eat up enough whale sperm for us to survive!”
"This is what you thought of?"  yells Blight, “You are such a dumb ass!”
"They were on my mind, I can't help it," cries Morge as the bunny nearest them explodes in a ball of fur and flesh.
Scattered pink rabbits are being slaughtered everywhere, the turrets track and locking on, suck the water out them, turning them into little withered dried up hides, they vaporize shriveling up into faceless raisins.
It is not much of a distraction and as the last of the bunnies eat laser with a side of total nothingness oblivion, and disintegrate, Blight and Morge's breathing room disappears leaving them with a lot of dangerous ground to cover.
A few of the cyborgs are close enough to charge them, Blight slashes with a sword attached to his arm but Morge's elbow is in the way.  One of the falling cyborgs first shoots him in the abdomen and then a spray of bullets work down Blight’s leg and across the dirt.
Blight collapses.
“No time to rest now,” says Morge, having dropped the pistol he couldn't get a good grip with half his hand gone and all of this hopping around and withdraws a knife he barely keeps hold of.  His weapon slaps across the face of a diving Cyborg then he turns it and slices circuitry and metal.  The impact of the blow combines with the momentum of the charging Cyborg bringing them to an uncertain standstill, bodies immobile as they tried to equate the situation.  Morge stabs the knife into its chest, impaling it and as the enemy falls to his knees, Morge and Blight hop away.  Blight's limp leg tangled and trampled drags behind.
Blight’s, dead weight, slows them up.
The tower looms before them and riveting turret-surface guns zero in on them, target boxes burn a blinking blue.
“We have to keep moving.”
“They shot out my Einstein leg!  What do you want me to do crawl?”
As Morge's leg crumples beneath them from a direct shot they fall face first in the mud.
Their ears close to the ground, they feel, each vibration and shake of each explosion.  The vibrations rivet them.  Their arms sprawl out in front of them, digging in and pulling themselves forward, like they are swimming in the sand.
The tower's cannon barks again, this time it hits dead on, as they crawl, vaporizing the ground and Blight's head and chest.  All that is left of him is charred bone, smoking from his leg.  Morge can feel himself slipping away.  Death approaching, as a last thought, he rolls on his back and looks up at the clouds and smiles.
They ride the worm through space again, this time it is not going to be a peaceful death like some of the others their master granted them.  They live in a hole, maggots being fed crap, swallowing what is given them, all while the voice tells them, convincing them with all of their nerves and senses controlled against them, to obey.
There is no specific time that they pinpointed as to when their training in Mindville stops and they begin their missions, corporate take-overs, cold tanks, in hibernation, they lose track of time.  Answering to 12A and 12B, their old identities are forgotten.
Some complain bodies feel heavier more cumbersome, and they began to notice that the cyborgs killed in battle do not appear for training the next day.
There is no rank among the cyborg’s.  They obey only their operators, they are all connected to the network and can communicate by rolling their eyes back in their heads till their retina’s are encircled by the visor implants in their skull.  They are corporate assets, assigned to do a job, kill, they are in the business of killing, and business is good…

CHAPTER 24 GET OFF THE CAN
back to top

The incoming transmission rapidly unscrambles as the communication line relay, a jigsaw puzzle of broken pieces decoding, unfolds into an image of a figure in black.
“My Grace, Cancer Kills!”
“Satellite station Tiger Acorn is lost.  Reinforcements not responding.  It is vital to reclaim it. Located on the North Pole, it receives the sun’s transmissions 4.3 clicks before any other station.  Get it back!
“Yes my Grace.”

***
12A and 12B lead in the highest kill ratio.  Sometimes, people's faces float up through the muck of their consciousness and they almost mean something, but what that something is, is now forgotten.  They need more fuel for the war machines, and pleads and begging of the ones they hunt do not register, but sometimes back in the freezer, just out of reach, small seeds of doubt grow in questions. These small growths they make sure to keep hidden, accessing them only inside Mindville where so many other thoughts overrun each other.  An ancient being resides there and he puts them all in danger.
They do not know how long they spend in-between awakenings, they stopped aging altogether.  Killing is second nature to them, it is so very natural, corporate takeovers,  personal debts and tax evasion for corporate utilities. Their operators brief them for each mission, their operations quick and short, as they listen to the humming of thousands of voices in the communication channel.
Dropped from the orbital inside today’s area of operation, the freezer doors open and they awaken remembering the rusted briars of their master’s voice and the price of failure.
Blight and Morge, 12A and 12B, walk steadily up the road that leads to Tiger Acorn.  Around them the soldiers of the cancer corp shudder and gap.  Every fifty paces or so a body hangs mutilated, impaled on a spear.  They are ravaged by wild beasts that seem to enjoy human flesh by the looks of the bodies, or what is left of them.
Blight, 12A, confronts Morge’s happy-go-lucky behavior, to which Morge, 12B, replies, “Life is so short, I’m just here enjoying the ride.”
Sharing the same dreams and thoughts Blight has gotten accustomed to Morge but he still is disgusted by his seemingly endless love for everything.  Last night they dreamed of making love to the blowhole of a hump back whale... again.
They meet no resistance as they set camp near Tiger Acorn, out of range of the laser cannons.  The attack will be soon but with nothing to do for a while they grow inert, and take advantage of the fresh supply of potent energy sticks, inserting them into the numbing effects of their central processor, the sticks so saturated in endorphins, drip in the sappy chemical tears, beads of the poisonous drug perspire from out the tightly woven paper binding.
The explosives unit pitched their mobile tent in the rear of the convoy.  Assistant secretary Ark, running over the dispatches of explosive packs before they go out to the troopers, smells something sour and rancid drift through the depot tent and  pauses in her inventory of the class A explosives to look up.
A wildly smiling man is dancing before her.  His body leans heavily to one side and his arms and upper torso rapidly swing back and forth in what looks like some old kind of retro disco style dance.  “Ugh, what bad moves, I mean, is that the robot on jube?”
He wears the uniform of a sales tele-marketer of the cancer corp.  Seeing her, his hands scribble at imaginary paper, all the while his legs never stop walking, going in circles now.
Ark removes the laserpen from behind her ear and hands it to the man.  “Can I be of some assistan…” her words trailed off as she gazes at the man's head where skinny, foot long, translucent like horns slither back and forth.  Following her training procedures, she pushes the 'don't panic' button on her waist.  She doesn't want to take any chances, he is far too weird for comfort.
He writes, barely legible, on the wall for her to read, “I can’t control my legs.  They are controlling my legs. God, I’m dead. “   Then in very scribbled writing, “I can’t hold it in any longer.  Run!!!”
His mouth opens a bit and sweat running, drips down his face.  His smile isn’t really a smile at all, it is a grimace, in-between his shattered teeth something is wedged.  She can make out the ribbon of colors and the broken seal and gasps in terror.  She has handled that device countless times, it is a tank-liver grenade.
God, it must be wedged halfway down his throat.  She, drops her inventory and runs full speed out the door.  She streaks out the tent and closer to the HQ terminal running a good ways.  “Whup!” sounds from an airgun and she vibrates in electric shock paralyzing her.  She loses control of her bowels and stumbles to the ground.  The cyborg’s answering her call, give her and also the other soldiers walking near an electrically charged dart and stuns them.
The cyborg armor division storm inside the ammo depot,  the leader, Control-2AGE cries “HALT!” as his men shoot a quick burst into the man’s legs, the man stumbles but remarkably stays up.  A blast from the controller and the man’s head bursts like a smashed pumpkin, sagging he falls down, his mouth relaxes, the click of activation, is triggered,  “OUT!” yells Control, too late, as a jet of blue flame shoots out, swallowing them in a fiery chain reaction billowing out and consuming all.  It shakes the ground in a deafening roar as the explosives ignite in a hellstorm of earth cleaving blast, a giant crater blows out the mountain side of what once was the North end.  A massive ball of fire blossoms in a mushroom instantly, the fiery blow consumes half the armed forces convoy that landed over the night.  Debris rain down the mountain, with secondary explosions rippling through the ground and billowing an ash cloud into the sky as the concussion knock down every standing thing for miles, soldiers, trees, tents, all fall.  The disinfectant and cleanup crews, lagging in their duties clearing  the remains of the dead, now because of their ‘six hour lunch break’, have some good news.  They do not have to worry about pulling more dead bloody bodies down from the spears, they are all evaporated, the bad news is so are the clean-up crews.  Their ashes mix with the dead together as the forces of nature blow them away.
With, their available and active man power and troop support greatly reduced in the explosion, they are undermined, with limited ammo and explosives, and have to make sacrifices.  Morge and Blight, are sent in as expendable suicide scouts, 12A and 12B, take point.
Morge’s deep brooding thoughts about nature, feels something about this place, it feels very unnatural.
The gatehouse stands open and the shields are down.  Tiger Acorn is apparently deserted with no life signs registering.  When they are within visible they begin to run towards the base, charging the gatehouse door.  Still nothing.  Blight and Morge, 12A and 12B are in front to shield the recon scouting unit, 237A, 65A, and 65B.
They near the gate door entrance to the barrier walls guarding the shield generator.  The speeding howling wind blows the black ash mixed with snow in their faces obstructing their vision.  They access the net and see no signals online.  No links in the vicinity, which means no enemies nearby, least not ones connected.  Still everything feels wrong, like a trap, but orders are not to be questioned.
Just as 12A and 12B approach the outer wall, weapons ready, loud carnivorous howls of dogs and human shrieks erupt from behind diverting their attention.  Above them, a spectrum of burning eye ember glow leaves trails in their retinas before becoming transparent as their network’s Scent Defense picks up on it and screams “Danger!” Too late.
Team 12 make it just as the shield wall rises across the valley.  The other team run into the now activated laser shield wall and demolecurize, their atoms hovering in a dust cloud above as the ones behind are met with a new threat, hounds straight from the gates of hell.
Many canines run, packs of misshapen wolves and hounds, deformed whether from radiation or tampering with nature.  Their mouths way oversized are full of sharp dagger teeth jagging out and some are charging with two heads and bone spines jutting out their skulls and back of hides in spikes.  On the top of their heads two long horns wiggle back and forth.  Packs of them charge.
65 B is all alone, his team dead from the raised shield, as Morge and Blight watch they hear his locked chain of thought online: no right man no left: suicide: :self destruct:: :no right man no left::
“Enjoy the madness” says their master and a taste of insanity no longer seems so crazy.  65B turns opening fire with his Gatling gun, not seeming to care he is shooting at his own men as well as the beasts as he levels a clear path of red gore.  Three bodies of fur and flesh, explode, along with the heads and chests of the cancer corp soldiers, popping open their bodies, blowing them apart, their heads detonate in bursts of vibrant blood.  Dealing with their own threat as well as the new one, hell hounds it seems, from below, a captain chucks a grenade at cyborg 65B, just as he is pulled down by a wolf, lunging for his throat.  Four more demonic wolves, howling, tackle down 65B, he shakes them off and together they tumble down the sloping mountainside, as the grenade explodes carrying with it a downhill horde of soldiers and wolf hides, gore and blood.
Driven by a desire, a hatred, and the taste of blood, the hell hounds dive at the men running in full retreat, scattering away.  For each stride the soldiers make the hounds of hell make three or four and soon the men are overtaken.  Most of the rear guard fall, the hell hounds, slowed down only momentarily as their teeth sink into the fighting soldiers necks and bodies.  The soldiers of the cancer corp disperse into an disorganized lot throughout the mountaintop, laser fire illuminates the sky with shots wildly spraying the sloping ground while the living run for their lives.
They are hunted down, torn and ripped apart by the beasts.
“Well this is interesting,” Says Morge as another dog lunges at them, baring its two sets of teeth, drooling by blood lust, only to sizzle into the shield.
“This Bites,” says Morge, then “Get it? HAH!”  
Blight sighs.
“But no really I always wanted a dog.”
A blinking in the corner of their vision and automatically they roll their eyes into the back of their head where the visors inside their skulls encircle their eyeballs.  They materialize in the junction room, heads bowed low in front of their master operator.  Two large windows are open, the perspectives of Blight and Morge, 12A and 12B, their transmissions.
Their masters voice in disapprovingly mocking tones announces “This is a new mystery, this is a new threat.  You are not ready.  We have lost too many corporate assets. We are terminating the mission.  Self- destructing transmission.  Tiger Acorn will be destroyed, make it to the shuttle or die.  Retreat to the valley below.”
“Yes master.”
They back out of the room slowly, through their self-portraits on the wall, caught in the trance of their master’s red glowing eyes.  He holds their souls prisoner, captivating, and engulfing them in fear.  They, the conversation lasting less than one hundred thousandths of a second, return back into reality.
With no explosives to blow up the shield generator, and trapped inside the shield’s dome with no way to turn it off, they sit backs to the wall, relaxing in death’s wait.
Morge, flipping through the book of pills they both carry for rations, smiles and reaches for Blight’s ration pack.
“I don’t think you have to worry about starving, since we only have eighteen more minutes left to live.” says Blight.
“These pills,” said Morge cradling in his palm the two purple and yellow pills, “are the answer to our ills.  They use our own body chemistry to perfect a bomb, didn’t you open the file on them as part of our regulatory training procedures?”
“Oh no, they aren’t the laxative ones are they?  Or something else that is as extremely gross and unhelpful?” says Blight.
“Defecake” says his interactive database, in its most obnoxious voice, accessing online, “was first invented as a weight loss diet pill.  It ate away at fat but had an unusual side effect, leaving many sewages ruptured and even in some cases causing death from explosive diarrhea.  The stools explode.  It was later bought out by the corporations and perfected, with the added laxatives, to go down and out easy, and once the air hits, it activates and soon afterwards turns orange and explodes.  Only to be used in extreme emergencies.”
“That’s just great.  Saved by super turds.”  Blight rolls his eyes as Morge laughs hysterically, “Well let’s not just stand here and shoot the shit..  Let’s flip to see who takes them.”
“Flip nothing.”  Says Morge, “I want too,.”  Morge swallows the pills.
“Wow!  These pills must really work, I feel like I lost ten pounds already.”  A few more minutes later and Morge says, “All right, I feel something forming inside my bowels, a ticklish sort of butterflies in the stomach feeling, its almost like...”
“I don’t need the blow by blow descriptions,”  Blight says, “Just shit over there and lets go.”
After asking Blight to turn around, Morge a few musical notes out of his ass, screams with a loud horn blast and…
“Trying out for the shit symphony?” says Blight, “Dumb ass!  Just shit out you stinking asshole!”
Morge stands back up and behind him is a large pile of yellow shit.
“Quick!” yells Morge, “Help me!”
“You sick-o,” says Blight, “I’m not touching that.”
“Fool!  You wrap intestines around necks and rip still beating, bloody hearts out of chests but you won’t help me pick up some poop to save your life?  Didn’t you have a dog?”
Blight looks puzzled for a moment then says, “Dog?  I don’t know.”  He says confused.  He watches, grimacing and turning away, as the pile issues white smoke.
“It smells like wild watermelon,”  says Morge.  “I bet the boys upstairs made it like that to take some of the negative stigma out and make it more socially acceptable.”
They both stand back as it begins to, lightly at first then with stronger intensity, glow orange.
“It’s gonna blow!”
In an instant there is a small fizzle then a ‘pop’.
Blight laughs, “You’re a trip, brilliant war time strategist here, your super turds,” he says gravely but with a hint of a smile, “have failed us.”
He turns to study the wall of the compound once again looking for some weakness in the structure he could use to his advantage, there is no telling how far down they will have to dig to go under the shield wall, but it is solid stone.  He is extremely doubtful.
“BOOM!” an explosion erupts behind him launching him into the air.
With the smell of burnt wild watermelon he falls, shards of rock and scrap metal bruising his armor and flesh, the shield generator is blown apart, half of it disintegrating leaving a crater of melted components and blasted mountain rock.  The shimmering leaves, and they are free to pass.
Rolling his eyes in the back of his head, in the junction room once again, Blight summons their master.  “We are free to do your bidding again.”
“Nine minutes to reach the valley below.  Make it.  Fail and there will be hell to pay, eternal!”
The shrouded shadowed darkness leaves his mind.
Blight12A and Morge12B together, run over the bodies of the dead, sliding down cliffs, slipping through the ice and snow.
A pack of loose dogs pick up their scent and give chase, not far behind.  One, a two-headed wolf, trailing fast, snaps at Blight’s heels, with a grunt and a swing, Blight, using his arm blade, turns and lobes off one of its heads.  The beast stops and its remaining head whimpering, tries to lick its wounds, but its tongue cannot reach and as its blood pours out of the fresh opening it lays down and dies.
The master’s words are true as always, they made it on time, the shuttle is there yet there is a catch, it is fifty feet in the air, hovering for take-off.  The shuttle pilots make motions that look similar to a monkey fucking and wave off their landing request, in preparation for final take off, they know the mountain is about to blow, Blight and Morge have to somehow draw the pilots attention, somehow make a nuisance of themselves. 
Aiming carefully, Blight shoots off a single round.  The co-pilot’s head snaps back and he topples over, a smoldering smoky hole between his eyes.  The pilot, white as a ghost waves his hands, shaking, and makes the universal peace sign,  Blight12A has his fat head in his sights.
Ignoring the restrained curses of the pilot, who looks like he needs more persuasion, Morge12B gives him a warning shot, it punctures the thick shielded plexi-glass with a crunch and shots off his ear in an explosion of blood.  The pilot, screaming out but getting the point, put his hand up in surrender then covers his ear with a rag, and motions down as he lowers the vessel.  With a thud they grab the door handles and board.
A moment later, in a safe distance away, they see the satellite station explode, digging a crater into the mountaintop so deep the outer edges crumbled in and level, undermining the entire mountain into a giant ocean of rock and earth pouring across the landscape.
“Please wash your hands,” says Blight as he pinches his nose.
“Ohhhh…”  Morge moans, “I have to go poop.”

CHAPTER 25 DEMON CHIROPRACTOR
back to top

Gagging and cursing he is dragged, a tired man wearing a dented Kevlar helmet with a fist size hole leading in the front and out the back.  Over his torn bloodstained uniform the emblem of the flower is stitched.  The choker around his throat glows orange and he stands awhile gasping.  The guard leading him by the throat comes to attention as the secretary turns.
“At ease Captain, who’s this scum?  The men’s lunchmeat?”
“We caught him making a supply run through the blockade, I already tried to obtain the access code from him but he won’t talk.  I thought maybe you could use your powers of persuasion.” the guard smiles and drops the man onto the ground in front of the secretary.  “Talk dog.”
“Damn cyborgs,” the man sneers, “devils creation!  You’ll get yours.”
“You can tell us what we want to know.”  The secretary says in a ‘by the way’ attitude his eyes on the read out screen in front of him and his attention otherwise already occupied.  “Or we can feed your brain to the monkeys in doctor suits upstairs and after a brief time they will know everything you know and even more, unfortunately your useless body will be eaten, bones ground for dog chow, but your brain, completely healthy and alive with all of its senses, the main one pain, will be kept activated in a jar and you will spend the next millennium there, subject to thousands of experiments, where each passing second feels like decades, but with no mouth to scream, no eyes or ears, with pain your only escape…  nothing but pain.”
The man’s voice quivers and breaks then he coughs up some blood and speaks, “Do you no good.  They already changed it.”  The prisoner looks up defiantly, and shaking in fear says, “So go pull your cyberdick out your operators ass, or fuck a vacuum cleaner or something, assho..”, the guard smashes his metal fist into the man’s face before he can finish.
“Let me be fair,” says the Secretary smiling, “I like you.  We are looking for cannon fodder… join or die, I offer you the choice.”
The man’s eyes, wide, tremble and he looks down, then back up and meets the Secretary’s face, “Thanks, I choose to die.” the man says, and the Secretary’s smile broadens, already knowing he would pick death over enlistment, and he tosses a pair of scissors from off his desk to the man.
The prisoner takes a gulp of air, “You asshole, what you want me to cut you out a valentine.”
The secretary still plugged into the network, without turning says, “I just want to see some willingness on your part, always wanting others to do your work for you, you must own your death, show me your willingness, and I will carry you to my master’s gates myself.”
The man grits his teeth, turns the blades of the scissors inward, and with a loud gunt, stabs them into his chest.  “BAM!”
The man’s head explodes in a thousand pieces, and the secretary loads a fresh shotgun shell into his smoking revolver, and returns to work.
They can starve the flower fighters out, but where is the fun in that?  No they will attack relentlessly until they crush this movement.
The secretary's view screen suddenly lights up red then cackles and goes dead.  Below in the valley, the giant robotic fiddler crabs suddenly halt dead in their tracks, with smoke rising from their hatches as men scramble out of them.  The network has a virus, the network is forced down.
None feel it as bad as the cyborgs.  They are thrown from the net.  Their arms grope wildly as they try to steady themselves, their equilibrium cut off and their operators silent.  Their minds left to their own devices, the pain from their operations suddenly rouses in them and many fall down screaming.
The network security has been breached, the virus implanted by the freedom flower fighters is breeding and mutating faster than the network guardians can contain it.
“Isolate it!” the secretary orders.  “Put the infected in the freezer.”
12BMorge who is listening and watching turns into his inner eye and says, “Ah!  The pain of thinking.  I’m sure glad I have you to think for me.”  12BMorge smiles, the operator face glitches holes opening out his many mouths as he bites and screams and feeds on static and cyberworms, yet even so Morge feels his neck tighten and diverts his eyes.
A double echo voice cackles, ‘critical error, rerouting network, please wait.”
The Cyborg-Scout unit is led to the holding tanks, the freezers.  12BMorge is carried on a shuttle forklift.  No shield to block the pain, he feels he is denied from his body, staring out an empty hole where he whores his faith to his Master, some unnatural and foreign object feels stuck in him, as if he stuffed a wound in his gut with a chicken nugget, something missing, his heart feels like some processed sausage link, laying dead inside him.  Unsure of what he has lost, all he knows is he no longer has it.  The pain deterrents placed behind his eyes, where his brain was spliced, all fail, the acorn sized tumors, are pumped to the size of small apples.  The pressure unbearable, he falls screaming, ears rupture and blood out his eyes nose and mouth.  He dissociates himself from the pain, talking nonstop to himself, ceaseless mutterings, his own voice alien.
Death is in the weave of his tapestry.  The thread is spun from a question’s fabric, he feels if he can pull the question just a little more it will become unraveled, the answer of his purpose and past are woven in him somewhere, yet he cannot see it, only feel the needle threading the eye of insanity, where the truth is being tortured.
The door to the freezer opens and the cool air rush to meet 12BMorge as he steps in.  Behind him he hears the familiar snapping of the locks.  “Ah” 12BMorge thinks, losing himself in the sound of voices overlapping,  “Home.”
12ABlight's voice, hushed and floating, fills the vacuum of space and time for a moment, “I have told no one this, keeping my thoughts guarded, but now that the master is gone I will speak freely.  Have you not seen the man with the white beard and bright blue and gray eyes?  We share the same thoughts, the same dreams, have you not seen him?”  Images of their thoughts mingle, and out of their shadowy minds came a blinding light, Morge sees a elderly man grinning from out a deep pit.
The static of voices is everywhere.  It is like listening to a far away public comm, or watching a thousand stations each broadcasting a different channel, and paying intent attention to each one.  The voices all thump and beat into one pounding sound, the voice of God.  It is enough to drive him mad, but 12ABlight is already beginning to lose himself in the thoughts of others, to lower his defenses and welcome the refreshing noise of oblivion.
“No, daddio, I think you finally flipped.  Hallucinating again, and on corporate time, that will cost you.  The only guru I see is our beloved master who feeds us with pain and delights us with suffering and I only see what he allows me to see.”
Time passes swiftly inside the isolated freezer tanks, what seems like minutes can be hours, or months, but it feels like only moments pass when the doors are opened again and out step the cyborgs feeling refreshed and ready.
They moved to a different location from their previous site, closer to their objective as, in front of them, grows the wraith of war.  Born out of darkness they can now hear harsh booms and shrieks.  Countless points of bright light loom in front of them upon the charred fields, the final resting-place for many.  Winding down the valley the light dances, in long fiery lines.  A scattering of larger blazes leap up here and there.  They are burning everything they pass, houses, fields, not a single thing born flammable escapes their flame’s path.
“Cancer grows, Cancer spreads..!  CANCER WILL EAT YOU UP!  CANCER WILL EAT YOU UP!”
It is midnight when the great guns sound and the assailing hosts laying, head buried to the ground, in wait, rise up and charge the demon spine.  The mighty wall, the demon spine, towers across the valley; a giant barrier colored in a deep shade of red.  It half circles the freedom flower fighter's fortress, built into the living rock of the mountainside.  It once was a medieval stronghold, and the fortress is built on the ancient foundation.  The demon spine is meant to withstand and repel the most mightiest and powerful attacks.  The plasma shield's built inside it, protect the mighty wall, but flashes on and off to allow shuttles and satellite relay communications, so that the demon spine lays vulnerable a few milliseconds each hour, but looking at it, it is anything but that.
Two hundred and thirty clicks thick and seven hundred and three high the shield above and deep mountainside behind, it is protected from aerial attack, and the scales of shield absorb laser fire.
The wall houses a mighty arsenal, strategically placed throughout, it is operated by an internal computer that, once automated, will target and fire on anything moving in the valley of no-man's land.
The demon spine receives its name, so legend has it, by an ancient race of demonic fiends.  They forced slaves to build the wall while scouring the countryside plundering villages.  Those who opposed them found themselves impaled to the giant spikes of the demon spine.  They said that's how the wall and valley received its red color, from the blood of the dying.  Today it will get a fresh coat.
Several flares shoot up in the sky, cries of horror and ungraspable terror from the defenders.  The space between the wall and the charging army lights with bright light; it crawls brewing with the invading army of soldiers and the giant metal crawler armada, camouflaged in dull hues matching the sand clay mesa.  Some, within reach of the demon spine, weapons set behind a visual displacement shield, open fire and shoot at the marks, the sighters on the wall who target any threats.  Thousands of laser beams shoot out at the wall, lighting the night thick like a jar of extra chunky peanut butter stuck on the tongue of a dog.  Laser beams, a concentrated red, fire into the defenders, scorching the wall black.  Flower Fighters fall as some, overloading and puncturing through the plasma shield, find their mark on the wall; but most only burn into and deflect off the tough armor of the wall, its guardians safe behind.
As if some mighty switch is thrown, all at once the wall erupts down on the invaders, in a storming blaze of gunfire. Soldiers of the Cancer Corp charge screaming their death greeting to the jeers and shrieks of the enemy stockholders corporation, to meet a barrage streaking the night bright, illuminating in a random strobe effect between the constant flashes and dark, the mountain blotting out the sun, the whole valley looks like a disco club for the dead, with lightning shadows casting an eerie glow on the still living.
The guns never stop barking or sizzling as the invaders try desperately to out-maneuver them, running furiously, charging the wall, with barbed wire and other obstacles to contend with, the guns keep right on track and even the fast are split apart, their bodies’ meat is cooked till it pops off the bone in less than a millisecond.  The front ranks rapidly crumble and are trampled over, the few who make it to the demon spine, out of range of the firing weapons just above them, fight a pitched battle with the guardians of the wall, change guns rattling down on them.
After the government collapsed currency became worthless; some have found a new way to spend their loose change.  A quarter isn’t worth much, but at over 1000 miles per hour it just might be enough to get you killed.  Gas canisters are fired over the wall.  Thick toxic smoke soon pours over the battlements.
Morge focuses and zooms in on a man on the wall pulling a gas mask off a dead comrade and putting it on his own face.
Morge and Blight sit motionless behind the body of a downed hovercraft; its metal twisted and scorched; it is black with ashes.  Their gray capes cast them in shadow and the hovercraft protects their backs as they lay within two hundred yards of the demon spine.
Somewhere in the night a woman is screaming "Help!  I have millions in network time!  Help save me!  I will pay you morrre!" her voice rising in tempo abruptly ends.
Together Blight and Morge share a cigar dosed in radioactive chemicals they found on a grunt, it gives off a good buzz and supposedly there is even a good chance of dying from them, they smoke it greedily, careful to keep the lit end hidden behind the cuffs of their hands more out of fear of their own then the enemy.
“As far as souls go I think it’s like this,” says Morge, continuing the conversation they always have, the one that never seems to end.  “If we do indeed have a soul then what happens when we die?  I believe in a greater power, I believe in the universal being, the network, it’s like this, let me lay it out for you…"
Blight holds up his hand, silencing Morge.  Blight turns around full circle, scanning.  He feels a slight rumbling, muffled, yet stronger than the other vibrations of earth shakes from nearby explosions.  It feels as if a small tractor is headed their way.  All visuals read nil.
Suddenly the ground collapses in on itself and a gleaming black metal pod, the devil's weed, surfaces.  Once used as an earth churner and wood chipper, now refit for the battlefield, a sentry, alert to any online activity or movement.
Blight, standing on the outer edge of the newly formed crater, loses his footing as the earth pushes up, and falls.  Crevices and cracks spider out, the ground below him splits, small seismic second hand earthquakes form, the ground slowly giving way, the devils weed, like a cobra rising, stands a good thirty feet high, its head bends forward mouth rearing down to gorge on Blight with its churning teeth.  He can hear the inner blades grinding, they vibrate his face plate, his arms push the teeth away at bay,  he resists it from gobbling him up.
Morge, sitting on the floorboards inside the downed hovercraft, dives, as the thin vine slices around the metal carcass of the shuttle.
Dancing now, the blades buzzing all around, seeking to outmaneuver the machine, Blight flips and leaps, a vine wraps around his boot and drags him down, closer.  He, lands on his knees behind the beast and his swords shoot out his wrists, in front of his face in a defensive position.  The vines whip and wrap up his swords, sparks fly, and there is a brief struggle with the sound of gears straining and grinding, and the swords are ripped from his hands, to soar fifty paces away.  They land hilt up, stabbing the bleeding earth.
Closer to the mouth, Blight clutches at the ground, crawling, as he is reeled in by the devil's weed.
Just then Morge, tracking, through the network, gets the bead on the devil's weed and the 'please wait' icon comes on in his visor, before it flashes the crab of cancer.  The mighty laser cannons, on the far side of the mountain chain, guided by Morge's sights, fire.  The air pulsates red then bursts into an inferno blast.
The devil's weed, Morge still locked on, vaporizes into a tiny explosion of loose parts and melted metal debris, the main section of it having just disintegrated.  Blight’s boot soles melted, burn from the heat.
"Anyway, the universal being," says Morge once again continuing their conversation.
Blight tends to his bleeding body and damaged armor.
"Just as an example suppose that the water in our bodies is the physical location of our souls.”
Blight sighs, he has learned negative comments just encouraged him further.
“Now our bodies are made up mostly of water, our life blood, and the surface of the world we live in is made up mostly of water as well.”
“That’s what the online encylopse says at least,” says Blight, “but its all dinosaur piss.”
“What’s with this negativity?  Anyway, when we die this water of life, our soul, a puddle, escapes our body and joins with the great oceans, once again connected in the sea of souls.”
“Are you telling me that water is alive.”
“It is but listen that’s not what I’m getting at; the ocean, or in our case the network, is the universal being, our water leaves us, to flow in the stream, to connect into the oceans, to fall in the rain, to return with the Universal soul.
“If so then what?”
“Just this,  we are all part of something much bigger, we are all made of the same living matter.  When one day, all of the souls, all of the water, is together, the ocean, that is my God.  See we each carry a little spark of divinity in us, each a puddle in the desert here just to appreciate the ocean more.  And I want to go home, to the network, the sea of souls, where we will be reunited with all the life forms, and rejoin with our creator, the universal being and become one.   I want to go home.”
“So,” said Blight, pulling out one more metal fragment from his flesh, “I piss out my soul?”
“Your missing the point friend,” says Morge.  "We belong.  We are all a part of God."
A red dot pulses in the corner of Blight’s vision and, summoned, his pupils roll into the back of his skull and his eyes gleam white, like deviled eggs, when he refocuses again he is in the network.  A man sits shrouded in darkness and shadow, starring out the two windows.  Both windows show different perspectives of the demon spine, it is the vantage point that both Morge and Blight are staring at.
Blight bows down to his master.
“What orders will you have me take?”  he asks, not daring to stare his master in the eye, remembering the pain that dwells there.
“There is a man named Chapel who is leading the Flowers of Freedom coalition.  Find him and kill him.  His voice is the strongest against our cause.”  Pictures of him run across the wall, Chapel is a man of the church, there are pictures of him eating dinner with his family, doing some gardening, burying dead plants in a cemetery, and recycling the fake 'green all year long' rubber shrubberies, preaching sermons in front of hundreds, Blight memorizes the videos, watches the way he walks, studies every detail of him as he moves across the screened walls.  “He is a tricky one, he has no identity on the net so we have no mind scan and cannot track him.  All we have is his physical description as seen in these vids.  Seek and destroy my pets.”
The charging Cancer Corps halts, foiled by the silent threat of the demon spine.  ‘Lights of Liberty’  wheel closer, illuminating the battlefield.  It is as bright as if it is noon.  The soldiers of the cancer corp scream, shooting at anything the light reveals upon the battlements.
The defenders stare out, disheartened, at a great sea of the Cancer Corp army of people and machines, enough, to drown them in destruction.  The shield wall sizzles, as before them lays only death.
The Demon Spine’s South gate is the hardest hit.  It’s blinking reload light flickers on and off in the control tower and they send out teams to replenish the ammo and recharge the laser batteries.  The teams feeling the chokehold of death, crawl among the dead, mimicking them like the possum to survive, before making it into a service crawl space.  Half of the weapons are offline for repairs, they cannot hold out much longer.
The automation memory of the demon spine is full as it tracks thousands of multiple targets simultaneously. The attackers flee, dying like bugs in the light of an electric zapper, then regroup and charge again.  And again they are halted but this time gravitational hooks are shot up, the cannons punch holes through the wall like it is squash in a vise, but the attackers fear damaging the wall, orders are to take it intact.
Bodies are impaled, upon the thin yet strong razor spikes that jut on the demon spine, angled to pierce those foolish enough to try and scale it, and yet still they come.  As more and more cancer corp rise up, the dead impaled bodies grow as a cushion, the spikes somewhat buffered.
Clearing the nearest mountain a giant floating Sports Blimp comes into view with a flashing sign beneath it.  It reads, "Have a friend for dinner?  Come to Gourmet Cannibals, we will eat you right." Apparently the battle is being broadcast live on the cooking sports network.
Small groups huddle and install energy shields around the perimeter, umbrellas in this rain of hell, a laser fence in range of the demon spine.  Behind them gunmen crouch, shooting at anything that moves high upon the wall.
The clouds of war, thick smoke from the burning villages and mortar fire cast a shadow over the carrion of bodies and the Cancer Corporate tax collectors, the sunlight over the land is a bloody dawn that approaches like a dog in heat.  The attacks on the demon spine have redoubled and the soldiers of the Cancer Corp, broken in numerous times only to be repelled back, are all dying for their chance to play. They are fighting with each other, death, and fear, as the great machinery of war lumbers on.
The Secretary is acting as Wet Nurse with a plunger, waiting patiently to see what crap sticks and what slides off.  Cables over the notched battlements, and the Flower Fighters, now seem not to mind as much, as they are slower and slower to dislodge and throw them back, as if, once kissed, they are now ready to spread their legs and take in the whole load.  At the foot of the demon spine the dead lay as thick as a Persian rug and the valley is a dark stain of red.
Chapel sits in his private quarters, a tear rolls down his cheek as he holds a hologram picture of his wife, Nebula, cradling it in his lap as he weeps.
How could she?  What evil possessed her to blow up the shield generators and then escape through the secret tunnel under the wall?  He wouldn’t of believed it if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes.  He had the chance to shoot her, in the back as she was running, but he couldn’t, all he could do was call out her name, one last time, and she had turned and looked, a wicked smile on her face, then she had run.  Was their whole marriage these past eight years a lie?  Had she been a spy the whole time?
A keen voice calls his name, comforting him, and then a face appears on the vid screen.  The face of the man Chapel equates with one closest to God.  Such a wizened face, old and weathered, yet a great depth in the eyes, an endless whirlpool that knows no time and holds no name.
The shimmering glow over the demon spine dims then vanishes and a horse cry of victory rises up from the soldiers of the cancer corp.  They want the fortress and towers intact.  Empty but intact.  Kill everyone empty and wipe up the blood intact.  All they have to do is make sure none of the flowers of freedom fighters escape alive.  It is time for the cyborgs.

CHAPTER 26 TROJAN HELL
back to top

The Secretary stands before them, his hand clutches a laser pistol.  It looks dwarfed, almost toyish, in his immense hands.  He shakes in wraith barking orders.  He turns, slight lip in a snarl of a smile, to address the advanced scouting platoons in front of him.  Five hundred odd and armored cyborgs, just one company among the other thousands, weapons hum, in full war suits stand silently awaiting orders.  Their bodies do not move, stone statues they look, as if they belong as a part of the valley, their silent eyes, some shining red through visors, scan the Secretary, absorbing and calculating, trained hunting dogs, smelling the prey close at hand, waiting silently, drooling and salivating for the master to give the order, muscles tense ready to go crashing after, the cyborgs wait.
Blight stands, head inclined, watching the secretary; a red blinking box encircles him, a friendly target box.  Weapons only lock on the blue of the enemy.
Some of the cyborgs have become lost, isolated inside the network.  They no longer respond to outside influences, and are controlled wholly by their operators, technological head jobs, robotic implants and mechanical tools fastened to their nerves and bones, they are no longer ‘alive’ in the sense of the word, just vacant bodies, with implants tied tight to tendons.
Summoned  Blight12A and Morge12B enter the network.
“The shields are down,” did his lips flicker in a brief smile or was it Blight’s imagination.  “You will pilot the sky skimmers over the demon spine and engage the enemy.  We will provide cover fire while you are in the air, a blitz of laser, the other cyborg units will advance on their frontal positions, you will go to this location,”  their master drops a mark on the map in their minds, “The one who kills Chapel,” their master chews out the name, “will receive a special reward.”
Morge12B steps upon the sky skimmer board; Blight12A does likewise beside him.
Morge pushes on the accelerator and upwards he shoots.  His feet balance him carefully as he maneuvers across the war field approaching the wall.
Morge and Blight fly high above the valley of death, black pastures scorched beyond recognition, hardly a blade of grass left alive with bodies and vehicles still burning scattered across the landscape like a child’s jumping jacks; at great speeds they travel, growing closer to the demon spine.  The wind whips around them, moaning its grievance to the night, as hundreds of other cyborgs fly at their side.  Tiny sparks light up as laser cannons track them, locking in, and firing.  Some of the cyborgs give hoarse cries, the wind filling their mouths, as they plummet down, nothing at their feet.
Suddenly the night sky lights up in streaks, like lightning striking throughout hell.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhh HA!” Morge, feeling the adrenaline of insanity, feeling the power, an ax cutting through butter in the black forest of death, the razor wings of their skyskimmers have sharpened blades.  Soldiers run before him, to make their escape out the valley, 12B dives and weaves among them, he tears into the fields of humans, hopping from one body to the next as he squishes and chops off their heads.  He gets choked up in excitement and honor and duty, he performs like a machine, and his Master chose him to be here, he belongs, here, somewhere.  He must show his gratitude, he laughs into the wind as they make their final run.
A barrage of great beams of light, kaleidoscope effect, surrounded him, originating from the mountain chain behind.  Dancing between fiery bolts, the men sizzle, faces dehydrating like prunes, all around them now as they make their approach over the hardest hit section of the Demon Spine, the South Gate.
“It just doesn’t get any better!”  yells Morge.
Sky skimmers whiz by the gate, coming in low and fast, the cyborgs already locked on, their targets, the top of the demon spine erupts in flames as men fall off the wall, dead before they hit the ground.
Morge tingles with apprehension, he skims over the top of the demon spine, heartbeat doubled, the muscles of his face tighten into a wild grin.  Then something Zziiippt.. a beetle or something, flies right into his visor.  Morge, his sight, can’t see, he thrashes his head around before finally in a cursing rave bangs his fist against his head.
“There!” he says, removing the bug careful not to hurt its fragile legs and wings, he lets it fly free into the night. “Bye Bye little guy.” He says and looks up “Ahhhhhhhhh!”  he crashes into a grain silo.
In a moment Morge stirs then says, “Ok well I was wrong, now it doesn’t get any better than this” and laughs.
Blight lands inside the demon spine, next to Morge who is laying in the mud.  The smoke is thick and the ground shaking as mortar fire rocks all around. Fighters of the Flowers of Freedom scatter in unorganized mobs, running in total confusion.  An alarm sounds, “Enemy over the gate!”
Out of the corner of his vision Blight sees the blinking red, his master’s calling, and as he is running his eyes rolled back in his head and the network consumes him.
“Master,” says Blight acknowledging the dark figure before him.
“You have strayed so far from the pack, my two smart hell hounds.” their Master says in an approving tone, “You are very near to Chapel..  while the others will go for the gate house, you are now to capture him alive, and keep his brains fresh.”  A map rolls across the screen.  “You follow.  Find him, contact me.  I am very much looking forward to making his acquaintance.”  Laughter rolls out his red eyes.
“Yes master.”
The small army of cyborgs move swiftly, overtaking isolated spots where the enemy stands, and crushing resistance while they run towards the Gate house.  Calls have already been sounded and the Flowers for Freedom Fighters are gathering in pursuit.  Some of the cannons on the demon spine have been turned around and now are firing inside the compound.
Battle Al Prods march into range, Blight and Morge sidestep them and jump over a stone fence as the Prod’s Gatling guns rivet with small clusters of missiles impacting.  Behind them support units of the Freedom Flower fighters, fighting to stay alive, hide in the smoky night.  A viscous, blood bath washes their sins.  The defense becomes torn as the cyborgs drive them back, going through them with a hunger, the Freedom Fighters fall like cardboard houses in a bad western, fighting foot for foot, they give ground, their bodies paving the way, closer to the gate house, where the cyborgs can open the gates and let the anti-personal tanks, fiddler crabs, and ground vehicles inside the compound, halted just outside while they wait for the gates to open.
Running nearer to the iris entrance of the flower tower, Blight and Morge, 12A and 12B, find one of their own, a cyborg, thrown on the ground in front of the entrance.  Sky skimmer crashed nearby, with a dark gapping hole piercing his chest where smoke still lingers rising out of the cavity.  The high intense heat of the laser blast melted his breast plate so that twisted metal combined with flesh and no visible organs remain, vaporized into sticky ash. Blight reaches down and pulls the dogtag chip around his neck, it will go in a designated spot on the network motherboard.
Blight runs, his bare feet leaving footprints in a blood pool gathered at the doorway, his mouth tightens into a grimace, wielding twin swords.  He passes the grim reaper inside where a row of operators sit at their consuls, silent and dead, and finds Morge leafing through a magazine with a picture of a tri-breasted woman with a blue tail on the cover.  The poor dead head-less fools with their unmoving hands grasping control levers, and their faces, sticking with blood and brains on the unclean floor, that hasn’t been mopped in what looks like months, are still masked, hidden beneath the wireless rubber webbing, they didn't know what hit them.
The sound of gunshots, blasts, and hellish screams fill the room as they travel down the dimly lit corridor.  Morge tucks his rifle against his left shoulder, he goes around a corner, quick and diving, and jumps over a table on the counter and towards the back.  While the men kneeling take aim at him, Blight catches one twice in the chest firing while running and Morge, bites, stabs one, and shoots another of the freedom flower fighters as two more fall dead.  The rest of the men, young and visibly shaken, with trembling fingers, spray the ceiling and turn to flee.
They give them chase, more for fun than anything else, before they return to finding Chapel.  A locked door bars the way.  Morge shoots it and the laser blast melts a half dollar size hole in the metal, the edges bubbling hot and caving in while Morge keeps his finger pressed on the trigger, till the hole sags like a balloon and expands, the metal door drips to the floor.
As they pass a laundry hamper a man jumps out, jumbled dirty denims and boxers cover him as he falls grabbing for and tackling Morge, who only has time to say "Hi," before being knocked down.  The man waves his gun excitedly wild, trying to track Blight.  His tracking systems are fine, but Blight can tell he is use to nonmoving objects, he is inexperienced and under pressure.  He fires.  His shot, he makes it a long lasting one, a two second burst, goes over Blight’s head and carves into the wall, scorching the cement and before his rifle has time to cool and refire, Blight is on him.  Blight’s blades he brandishes stab the pasty looking man in the chest with one sword digging in to the hilt, while the other one swings high and lobs off his head.  The man’s body sinks to the ground, Blight kicks his body off  the blade, the man’s face is contorted in a silent scream, as his head rolls away dousing the walls in a blood spray, finally at peace and in two pieces.
“Damn mortals,” says Blight.
Blight’s footsteps echo as he runs down the gleaming corridor, veering off to the right following the arrow icon.  Morge trails back some ways, slower walking due to an error in his left kneecap.
The window is round shaped and stares out into the night.  Blight sheaths his swords putting one foot out on the ledge, he turns around to face the wall, and raises himself up the window.  The stones of the tower are smooth but Blight can still fit his fingers in the cracks and crevices where the stones meet.  Slowly he lifts himself up the wall of the tower and scaling the walls climbs four stories to the ledge.
As soon as Blight reaches the roof of the tower he pulls his swords out from each wrists’ sheath.  Something is wrong.  The arrow icon disappears.  Below him, a field opens up where genetically altered livestock, horses and cows, and some elephant like creatures, graze squeezed together in tight compartments, grown fat by chewing on grain laced with chemicals.
Suddenly, like a light being turned on in a dark room, a man appears on the stony ledge.  Blight’s laser fires and he swings his swords.  The laser passes right through and his swords strike nothing solid.
“Easy my son.  Do not be so hasty, or do you know the answer to the question before it is asked.  There are more answers then death you know, although some will claim that is the final answer, but it isn’t, trust me.”  The old bent figure of a man scratches his head and smiles.
“I seek Chapel,” says Blight.
“I know, but he is somewhere far away, yet close at hand.  Tell me, do you not recognize this tower?  Have you not seen it in some other place?  A very different place, in your past.  When you were not this” the man waves his hands in the air, “creature.”  He finishes.
“I have orders.  My master will not be pleased.”  Blight rolls his eyes in the back of his head.  Yet nothing happens.  There is no circling light over his pupils, no portal, no operator.  Blight refocuses, the man is still standing nearby looking amused.
“Yes.  This is a very special place; it was made by ancient hands and is the real focus of this battle going on below.  The focal point.  It is the only one like it in the world, yet there are eight more exact replicas of it.  It is a meeting place.  Here you are a man again for this place is shielded.  You have seen this towers twin, tell me, when was the last time you spoke to Flamingo Eddy?”
“I have never...” Blight pauses in mid speech, that name sounds familiar, but he cannot place it.  It is like those cyber-dreams of his he has been having, this man too, out of his.. past?  ..sometime before he came into existence?
“Yes,” says the old man as if he is reading Blight’s mind, “you were a man once!  And I met you, I gave you a very special gift, one that you might not be aware of but still have!  It is located in your scalp,” says the man, “but it has since pierced your skull and is now digging its way into your brain.”  The man laughs as Blight touches his head, that familiar pain comes back redoubled.
“We can help you go back to normal!  It can be done!  But first you must surrender.  You’re a man, not a machine, a man!”
Blight takes a gulp of air and barely audible under his breath he mutters “no.”  He is not one of these weak creatures.  He is a cyborg.  His master created him.  There is no other life.  “No, no, no.”  Blight takes a step back.
The old man smiles and says, “Yes!  We will save your soul from hell yet!”
Blight backs away from the man.  He has been warned against propaganda, he has been warned not to listen.  He steps back from the man and before he realizes that his foot meets nothing but air, he is already falling.  He plummets down five stories and lands with a thud in the mud.
***
From out of the deepest darkest holes they crawl, their bodies reeking, their faces leering like evil circus clowns with ghastly smiles showing rows of teeth, hideously demented.  What once they were remains unknown.  In their hands they carry large twisted and wickedly shaped objects like deranged metal table legs and knives that look like shards of glass.  They advance quickly at a full charge, their tall bodies hunched over, like dogs, with their long arms dragging across the ground.  The soldiers of the Cancer Corp shoot wildly into them, the monsters pause at this and slow down briefly as if admiring a scent of some sweet smelling flower.  The laser beams do not stop them, bullets do not stop them.  They quickly catch up with the men in the rear and hew them down.  The Cancer Corp is sandwiched between, the oncoming army of darkness charging down into the valley and the Freedom Flower Fighters standing their own behind the wall.  They are bottlenecked.  Eruptions and gunfire lay more lives to waste.
Savagely the hideously patched together undead chop men into pieces, feasting, blood drenched mouths ripping into the soldiers as they bite them and everywhere horrible screams of soldiers being eaten alive fill the silences between explosions, those who escape,  sky skimmers and other vehicles, are a drop in the bucket for the ones left behind, fighting the demons, the Freedom Flowers, and themselves to secure a ride, in a frenzied panic to get the hell out, ships leave with skeletal crews, leaving the masses in their fear, they take with them all the equipment they can carry.  The rest die.
Morge closes his eyes and as the beam of light circles his pupils he enters the net.  “Blight”  Morge searches his thoughts but can find no trace of his friend.  He stares out of the portals, where the implant behind his eye relays the visual image, his is a portrait of the round stone window looking out of the dark tower, Blight’s portrait is black as a moonless night with a ribbon of static running across it.  He looks at the vital statistics.  His heart is still beating, Blight is alive.  Morge feels something icy touch his spine.  He had felt that look many times and he cowers from it.
“You have failed.”  Says his master.  Shots of pain scorch, as crows dig into his eyes and engulf his brain with fire.  Morge can’t think anymore can’t react, his image begins to melt as the pain intensifies.  His stomach is being constricted up his throat, head roasting as if in a furnace, he watches as nails are driven into his skull.
“You have not been having any thoughts against me and my word.”
Pain, he feels his Master pumping the ball in his eye, inflating it, pushing and cramming it against his eye-socket, the pain modifications in his body, expanding, pushing out, screaming in pain screaming, the force behind his eye socket threatening to push his eyeball out and implode his frontal brain.
“No Master.”
“Your Brother failed.  Kill Chapel.  Do not Disgrace me!”
“Yes Master.”
Morge attaches his hook to the window edge and planting both feet against the rock ledge jumps down, repelling to the ground.  The tracking icon lights up in his visor and Morge follows it.
A group of three children sit on the body of the cyborg.  “That’s got to be worth some credits, if we can just get his visor off.  Here it is, connected to this cable.”  They turn the body of the cyborg over on its side. A thick cable runs down the cyborg’s spine connected to the base of his neck.  
“This will never work,” says one of the boys hacking at the cable with a saw. “It will break before I even put a dent in that thing.”
“Here!” says one of the other boys, lifting up a sword from the ground, “Try this!”
“Wow, check this out, bet this will do the trick!”
They saw into the cable and after a few moments they break through.  The severed ends of the cable throw sparks out into the dark.
“Now one more cut through the neck and we’ll just take the whole head with us.”  The boy lifts the sword up high, but before he can bring it down something grabs the hilt from behind and with a yell the boy falls on his back.  Standing over him a large man, part machine, holds a fist of daggers to the boy’s throat.
“Your not blue boxed.” is all the cyborg says, he spits on the ground and smiles, a long wicked smile.
The boys shriek and quickly disappear in the darkness.
Blight laying on the ground, is unconscious.  His spinal cord optic cable is severed but he is still breathing.  Morge frowns looking at the oncoming horde.  “No time,”  he thinks.  Quickly he drags Blight’s body across the bloody ground.  Near him, a Grade A extra large hellephant, genetically altered beast, some cruel fiend stabbed its neck with the end of a sharpened mop handle.
“Poor little guy,” says Morge12B, running his hand down its mane.  “Saddle up for One Last Ride.”
He slices down the beasts’ belly.  Guts and entrails spill out.  Morge pauses for a moment then he mutters to his friend laying unconscious on the ground and reaches into the beast’s belly and makes a space, his arms dripping with blood up to his shoulders.  Digging out the guts and bones then with his other hand he shoves Blight inside the stomach of the beast.  Blight, convulsing badly, his whole body shakes.
Morge looks at his handiwork.  It looks like the beast is seriously deformed, and gory.  Blight’s body is pushing out its side, it will have to work.  The shouting is growing near.  Men screaming for cyborg blood run closer.
“I hope you don’t die friend, but if you do I have a feeling I will be seeing you soon.”  Morge says.  In front of him a group of men suddenly run into view.  One of them points to Morge, “There’s one!” he yells.
Shouts growing nearer; men who braved the battle safely inside now appear to claim victory.  Morge runs to the wall of the tower and begins to climb back up the cable.  Freedom Flower Fighters gather below him, they shout for his surrender as they train their lasers on him.  Morge speeds up the cable going faster.  As he nears the top he looks up to see the face of a man grinning out of the window he means to go through.  In his hand he holds a laser tipped axe.  With a downward slice the axe severs the cable and down Morge falls.  An electric whip strikes around Morge’s left ankle then another strikes him in the torso, their full charge electrify his circuits.  As the cybernetic fuses in his brain go out, Morge falls into the hands of the enemy.

CHAPTER 27 TABLE MANNERS
back to top

A pile of rusty gears, broken down appliances, circuit boards and wire crowd the stairs with a thin, well trodden path leading in a zig zag fashion up.  They carefully ascend, mindful of the rodents and wingless birds nesting there.
Buggy sits behind a large consul desk.  It was pulled out of a condemned building years ago before finding its way here.  The majority of the consul is gutted, leaving a colorful rainbow of wires hanging out the black pipes, with cords wrapped around and excavated like a mummy in an Egyptian tomb, they are the innards of a once sentient enforcer giant.  Around Buggy are his usual wares, piles of circuit boards and chips, a wide variety of personalities and cyber gear for anything from owning an umbrella, to having a baby, to creating a kingdom, all adventures and stims one can experience inside the net, along with hardware and accessories for stim suits and plug-ins, which by themselves are useless, but all are parts to some greater machinery, part of some greater whole.
“Hello kids,” Buggy says, his goggles make a low humming sound as they focus.  The thick black goggles take up most of his face, making him look like a bug. That and his bald head give him the nickname Buggy.
Overhead a patch of light shines down on him from an outlet in one of the many pipes which clutter the ceiling.
Buggy is watching a large vid screen that sits on top of the consul desk.  It is turned to channel 609, which repeatedly has the highest ratings since it aired, the day of world peace, some eighteen years ago.  Through a camera implant you see everything as the dictator does.  Currently he is staring at a pot of red soup.
A cheerful announcer's voice asked, “You make the call, the dictator just finished masturbating,” the screen splits in two, and they replay it while the announcer continues, “have we been too hard on him?  Should we let him satisfy his needs properly with one of our lovely ladies, or should we punish him for his vulgar act of indecency by having him place his hands in the pot of hot tomato soup.  Vote now.  You make the call!”
“What do you think kids,” but before one of them can respond, “You hear about those piracy laws he passed?  Nope.  Sorry bud, but no hot toots for you. HA HA!”  The numbers are tallied up on the screen, Buggy adds his by pressing a button on the remote, after a few moments the final outcome is, 85% want him to place his hands in the boiling soup, 15% say he should sleep with the lady.
“There you have it folks,” says the announcer, “let’s see if we can get the boys upstairs to make him look into a mirror when he submerges his hands in, that way we can see his actual facial expression.”
The screen takes on a reddened tint, as the dictator drops the wooden spoon, he had been stirring the soup with, and he picks up the pot with both hands and walks into the bathroom.  He stares into the mirror.
With the exception of several scars running around his eyes, his face is clean.  His pupils burn like embers in a fire, projecting a reddish, unnatural light.  A broken pencil juts out of his neck, and he wears a dark suit.  His hands are blistered and scarred.  The dictator smiles as he places his hands under the hot noodles and soup.  His face never quivers or changes, he continues smiling.  The red tint of the screen disappears, as does the red in his eyes, and for a moment he continues smiling, then his mouth flies open fully, and he shakes back and forth screaming.
Buggy laughs, and then again when they replay it.  “Aw man, you gotto love him though.” then his hand reaches out around Germ’s wrist, who is running his fingers beneath the light.
“What you think because I’m wearing these goggles I can’t see you?”
"It’s warm.”
“Well of course its warm, its sunlight, and damned expensive too, can’t find sunlight anywhere else in this city, too much damn pollution.”
“I thought Wetwrench was piping it in for free?”
“Oh, shut up kids.  Take your lousy boards and go.  You know how long I’ve been watching them?  Over one hundred and fourteen minutes!”
“Add it to our bill,” says Kettle grabbing his board and taking off.
“Yeah, yeah.  I could just add you to my slave labor force, too.”
“You know we are good for it, we’ll pay you as soon as we win the next tournament.” says Daisy, pulling her board out from inside a refrigerator and slowly turning around in the air before slashing out the door.  Kettle and Germ, on their own boards kick off and carving air, follow.  They head for the Morgue, a community network jacking-in station, a haven for the local Mindville junkies who litter the place like stiff corpses, spending more time in Mindville then in reality, giving the Morgue its name as well as stench.  Yet what makes it a piracy of crime filled with hackers, gives it a sense of security for the three urchins, who if caught and their identities revealed, could become a dinner entry at any time.
***
A black swirl of nothingness, a void of life which neither gives nor receives color or light.  Up or down, a feeling of motion, nothing else for their senses to grab hold of, no passing scenery or data for the brain to calculate or focus on for escape.
A sudden jerk like an invisible parachute and small pin points of light open, their game server, Chaos Computers, paid monthly, sends a powerful beam beyond the hazy veils of blackness, their beacon guiding them to the access, to home.  It grows steadily as they near, slowly taking form and shape until..
Kettle’s feet sink softly onto the plush green carpet of the lobby.  The air shimmers for a moment and Germ and Daisy materialize beside him.  The atmosphere is alive with a jivy music, the beat is completely chaotic, like falling raindrops, but it has rhythm.
“Look!” says Germ pointing to the pictures on the walls, some are mere splotches of color, some are landscapes of remote locations and portraits, yet all of them are in some way moving to the beat of the music.
In front of them a clown waves with changing, lit signs that say, “Excuse Our Mess While We Rearrange Your Mind.”
Kettle ruffles his little brother’s hair, “This is the real stuff little bro.  No more of those cheesy vids, things here are as real as they can get without being real, know what I mean?”
“Yeah bro, enjoy the ride.”  Daisy says, staring closely into one portrait of a crowded city.
“Hey, if you look through the windows you can see people dancing.  Now that’s detail.”
Germ stands on his tip-e-toes and strains to see but accidentally slips forward pressing his nose against the portrait.
***
“Would you care to dance?” Pod says, kissing Grace lightly on the nape of her neck.
Grace dumps her ice drink down his pants before shoving him away, “Get away from me you cheating bastard!” she says running into the bathroom with tears streaking down her cheeks.
She looks out the window, staring up at the stars, while she regains her breathing.  The stars always calm her, they are filled with such mystery and romance, ever since she can remem..
She screams as she stares into a dark endless hole, like the mouth of a whale.  She can see an emerging creature coming towards her, an alien leaving his ship, it advances slowly, coming for her, a shimmering green monster sliding against the window pane.
She tries to open the bathroom door but her hands are so shaky she can’t work the knob, she reaches for a weapon, anything, her hands blindly closing on a tube of rare sex cream from an extinct species of monkey, extracted from its brain, in the amazon sold by the ounce.  She, squeezes it in her fright with all her might, the aqua blue paste squirts all over her blouse and she pees on herself, wetting her skirt fabric, as pressing against the door her screams never die.
***
Germ falls backwards, but not before leaving his mark on the portrait, some mucous.  A whisper of a scream pierces the air as Daisy laughs, “Oh how gross,” she says.
“Take this as a lesson Germ,”  Kettle says pulling Germ up, “Things can be more real here then you want them to be.”
Not being able to bring anything with them on this type of journey they send their SyCo, a purple parrot, their own Systems Computer they spent the last three years of programming to obtain, out to register them while they play with the walls.
A woman enters.  “Mr. Germ” the receptionist says.
“That’s me!” says Germ.
“This is my brothers first time here so I’m going with him,” says Kettle.
“Very well, both of you follow me.”
“As you may or may not know, this is like a resting point between leaving and entering reality.  It’s like a customs checkpoint, just to ensure that no dangerous criminals get in.”
“Unless they are good,” says Germ.
“Yes,” says the reception glad that he understands, “No one gets through unless they are good.”
“Were good aren’t we?” Germ asks Kettle.
“The best!” Kettle says, “But this is the law, and we must follow the rules.”
Along the way the receptionist pauses to point out replicas of priceless works of art hanging on the walls.
She stops in front of a door which is engraved with the word ‘Mother’ on its surface, pausing at the door and telling Kettle, “It makes the younger ones feel more comfortable here, and this is a family oriented program, we like to think that we hold a share of the responsibility over the youths of the world who use our program products, so think of this synthesized woman as your own mother.”  She leads them in.
A plump old woman sits on a rocker, with rosy cheeks, knitting a scarf.  “My dears!” she cries upon seeing the two boys, “Come give your mother a great big hug!”
Germ looks at Kettle and shakes his head, “Sorry lady,” says Kettle, “can we skip the introduction and get to the game, we are anxious to begin.”
“Rush, rush, rush.  Children always in a rush these days, why can’t you stop and just enjoy the moment for what it’s worth, look, I made some chocolate chip cookies for you, and oh, I have some hot cocoa brewing, now tell me how are you faring in your activities?” she says with a smile, digging in her over-sized purse and pulling out a small plastic bag with a cookie in it.
Kettle scowls.  He moves his eyes to the hidden icon in his sight and clicks on it, a parrot appears on his shoulder. “Systems computer,” it squawks, Kettle gives it a silent command and in moments the old woman begins to drip to the floor, melting into the mirror like substance that is the basic matter of the network.  “Cookies for good little b.. oy..s,” within an instant she is gone, the puddle that made up their alleged mother now seeping through the cracks in the floor.
“Begin Devil's Run induction.”  Says Kettle.
A swirling globe of the black mirth of space appears in front of them, it shines with specs of light, as the constellations orbit around them.  It is the belly of an angel.  A bell like voice accompanies it.
“Greetings mighty space lords, how many in the party?  You need three players to form a team.”
“The other player, our sister Daisy, is in the lobby.”
“Of course young masters, who will be the team leader?”
“Me, our team is the Fighting Hotdogs” says Kettle.
“Of course.”
“Have you a thought as to your appearance in the game?”
“Thoughts?  This game is the essence of our being.  We had our bodies made by a real elite Medusa’s Milk tweeked programmer!  Our Systems Computer will upload them now.”
She reads the display over, then stares at the children apprehensively.
“You want to be a penguin who is dead," she says to Kettle.
“Right.  I want X’s for eyes and a long tongue to hang out of my mouth like this.”  Kettle demonstrates.  “I don’t want to be completely decomposed, just enough so that you can see some of my bones.”
“Ok,” she says a little skeptically, “And you want to be Da Supa Finga?” she says to Germ.
“Yeah!  I’m Da Suppa Finga!”
“What exactly is a Da Suppa Finga?”
Germ extends a finger up.
“He wants to be a finger," said Kettle.
“That’s it?  You want to be just a finger.”
“Not just a finger,” said Germ, “a super finger, of God, with a red cape. I want my face to be behind my long, crown like nail.”
“As you wish.”
“The base fee for entering is 100 min per player, or 250 if you enter as a team.  For that price you will be given a small base on an asteroid, however it is very beneficial, and most players prefer, to pay a little extra for an already colonized planet, or star base, so that you can immediately jump into the game with an advantage.”  She opens a menu up for both of them to look at.
“How many other players will there be?” Kettle asks.
“Each minute a new tournament begins and one ends, the demand and competition is great.  There are always fifty teams, 150 players, under control of thousands each.”
“What is the prize then?”  Kettle asks.
“Winners gets two thousand min, but that is just frosting, the top team is advanced to compete in the championship with all the winners from all the other tournaments.  The leaders will advance till the final winners emerge, for this quarter.  Those lucky three will be given the distinct honor of being high overseer of the corporate operators, a very plush and lucrative opportunity.”
“Before you plug us through, and we even out the odds, put one hundred and fifty minutes on our team, the Fighting Hotdogs, for me.”
“As you wish,” she says fading out as the walls of their space station form around them.
When Kettle blinks again he is breathing through a bill, his fur like feathers frail and worn.  He is a penguin, checking his pulse, a dead penguin.  He turns and looks at his brother, Germ, who is a long finger with a red cape fluttering behind him.  Daisy materializes a few moments later and is, what else thinks Kettle, a daisy.
“P U you stink!”  Daisy tells Kettle.
“I can’t smell anything,” says Germ, his words muffled and his face crunched against the hard substance of his nail.
“Well I smell beautiful,” says Daisy, her head inside blooming petals.
“Ok team, our asteroid won’t be invisible for much longer, and once the moment of grace is over, we will be vulnerable.  Here’s what I want you to do.”
Small at first they quickly build up, as if their hatred at humanity is enough a power to draw from, they hunt and crush the other players, completely dominating, relentlessly prowling, menacingly devouring, they swallow all.  Just remembering the pigs, just remembering the cage, just remembering their kind, their family, they fight with a rage and nothing can stand in their way.
They pick only a scout ship, while the others use battle cruisers and other planet sized space stations.  They buy up as many trading posts as possible, putting everything they earn into defense.  Their scout ship is small enough to slip past vectors undetected, and it houses not only one of the most powerful shield generators, but three making them safe from almost all attacks.  In this way they jump in and out of warp, singling out the command centers of their opponents and destroying them, then plundering their planets, stations and trading posts, taking over their fighters and filling their cargo holds up with anti matter and sending them on suicidal, kamikaze missions.  They are the victors of the first game in a record time of thirty hours.
Never using the same strategy twice they win the next three games consecutively and go on to play the championship.  Millions of eyes watching each move doesn’t slow them up, and, as Kettle says before the battle, to his family, “This is our chance to show that urchins can think just as well, if not better, then men, we are not food, we are living beings!  If we win the whole world will be forced to take notice of our existence.”
It is in the 83rd hour of play and it comes down to only three teams, the Fighting Hotdogs is one of them.  The other two teams, Dolphin’s Wake and the Titans have joined forces in a temporary truce to eliminate the Fighting Hotdogs, and slowly but surely the other teams are winning and beating the Fighting Hotdogs down.
Germ watches again intensely at himself as his face, cheeks and nose press tight against his facial nail and drained of all color he falls on the ceiling of the command center, gagging.  His body glows bright for a moment, mimicking the dull neon drink machine dispenser in the corner, before he disappears entirely and the master controller’s voice, the prophet, announces, “One member of team Fighting Hotdogs eliminated.  Freighter Enlightenment self-destruct initiated.”  Red warning lights flash on and off.
There is a pause for a moment and Germ speaks into the parrots direction, adding a few more imaging details, before he finally says, “Freeze and save, SyCo.”  
He plays it again, watching his holographic mirror image.  It is good, real good.  He only hopes that Kettle knows what he is doing.
“They made an alliance till we are eliminated right?”  Kettle says.
“Right”.
“So what do you think they are planning to do when we are gone, have a tea party?”
“Yeah but these guys are good.”
“How many moves ahead do you think they are?  They are playing in the future and not paying attention to the present, to them we are already dead.”
“So you think they won’t blow up our freighter, they’ll board her instead and all three players will be present?”
“Exactly, they’ll all be there, salivating, because the stakes are so high they don’t want any foul ups, they know our freighter has no offensive weapons, and they’ll think its holds are full of loot.”
“Like the logs say, the ones that it’s against the rules to tamper with?”
Kettle grinning says, “Just as much against the rules to display another player’s logs.  They have been cheating from the start.  They have hacked through the master computer and know not only our logs but also our present location at all times, cloaked or not.”
“So I stay here to draw them towards our cloaked vessel while you and Daisy go to the Stoned Prophet Galaxy.  What about team Dolphin’s Wake?  They have their whole planet so tight you couldn’t get a fly up their ass.  No one has been able to take them out.”
“Exactly that brother.  Their planet is too well guarded for us to invade.  They will probably stay on their safe, secure, well-guarded planet, with their oodles of ground to space missiles and all their short range fighters and just wait till we kill ourselves.  There in lies their fatal mistake.”
“What about the Stoned Prophet Galaxy with Titan’s fighter blockade surrounding it?  It has the biggest star in the whole gaming Universe, massive, it can power their whole operation by itself, not to mention they also have half the Universe conquered as well.  They are pumping massive resources into their account with each passing click.”
“Yes, but the Titan’s blockade is there not only to keep us out but to keep Dolphin’s wake in, still timing is everything.  They will see our approach through the link in the master computer and they will both be scared, not knowing what to expect.  Whoever controls the Stoned Prophet Galaxy will be the victor.  Good luck little bro.”
It is a long time since Germ’s ship, a large freighter christened Enlightenment, left port Poverty.  Germ doesn’t even know which direction is up, he is free styling, auto pilot turned off, and can barely see over the bridge dashboard; he steers like a chicken on stilts laying eggs, he has to be careful, he needs them to think he is trying to be stealthy beneath his cloak.  He never flew so tightly before.
When team Titan finally catches up with him, he breathes a sigh of relief, and with his heart pounding fast and furious, feeling a rise inside with the adrenaline of a man with two winning hands and four hot running dames.  All three players came.  It is working!
Still he tries his best at evasive actions, but they are on him like hair, forcing him into their short range fighter blockade.
“It won’t be long now,” thinks Germ, wiggling into his pressure suit and activating the large ring around his waist knuckle till it turns blue.  He is now safe to jettison into space.  He sets the trigger on board his ship being careful to reset the hologram’s and voice modulator for when Enlightenment is boarded.
Germ buckles himself in the tight compartment of the escape pod and releases the holding claw launching his tiny escape pod.  It is too small to be detected as it free falls through the vast reaches of space.  He is helpless and drifting, for if he turns on the navigator and small engines they will spot him.  He has to remain in the same vector as the ship in case they are still monitoring the team’s location through the master computer.
All at once they, three long, sleek, black ships appear.  They surround the Enlightenment; two of them board.  The third fighter stays in orbit around the freighter.
All of the members of the Titan team have come to the weenie roast.  He turns on the forward thrusters and begins creeping away, sure that he will go unnoticed, the Titans now completely occupied with their new conquest.  Germ watches the vid screen with the direct link to the command center of Enlightenment to catch all of the action, sure that somewhere Kettle and Daisy are watching also.  He waits to say the one voice command, which would ensure their victory, one little word, completely useless while the Titans keep their shields up.
A severed finger wearing a red cape falls to the ceiling, screams and then is no more.  The gas their ships pumped in eliminated this stupid finger man, Froggy sees with a chuckle, it feels good, damn good.  Anyone who picks a stupid finger as their visual ID are poking up the wrong hole, he laughs at his joke, is itching to get killed, he snorts in laughter again.  He wonders how the finger had made it this far, with no abilities.  “Stupid,” he says.
Froggy can, for example, breath toxic air, he is a smoker and this helps him maintain his 'fix' while playing.
Not wasting time, they gave their own SyCo, in the form of a snake, instructions for what market to sell the pirated goods they will confiscate. The body glows for a moment then disappears.  The Master Computer speaks of the elimination, the dragons grin greedily, actually drooling over their prize.  Just as they expected the self-destruct for the ship is initiated, but by the time this ship blows they will be light years away.  "Quick!  Lower our shields and transport the cargo to our holds." Says Froggy to his teammates in orbit.  The riches in these holds will buy a whole armada of war vessels to plunder planet Visions and buy their victory!
Suddenly, out of nowhere, a very large diaper materializes in the middle of the observation deck, it spins around in a dance, disco music in the back ground, while Germ’s voice, not at all harmonious, sings, “Dance, Dance, but don’t stain your pants,”
“We've been …  "
In that instant, their snake SyCo announces the holds are all full of space mines, the underwear stops turning, Germ gives the voice command, "suckers", and before the Titans can even scream, the ship blows up in chaotic swirls of red, orange, and blue, inside the bubbles of deepest black, pockets of space implode into other dimensions, consuming half the sector, sudden color invades the heart of space, before the explosion settles and large pieces of wreckage begin orbiting themselves, only debris are left.  The prophet announces “Team Titan eliminated.”
Germ flies his tiny escape space pod into the debris, his eyes searching for something that was not damaged by the explosion.  At last he finds it, the glowing, small sphere of the Titan’s system computer, in the form of a snake, trapped inside a tight globe.  Opening up the pod hatch, Germ, floats out his waist ring glowing red as the boosters fire, powering him as he swims through the waste and his body encloses on the globe.  “Claimed in the name of Fighting Hotdogs.” Germ says, then staring out across the whole span of space, knowing that he is all alone, there are no nearby planets, he will have to head towards the asteroid belt and hope he has enough fuel to make it.   He stares at the infinity of space, a little space sick at the feeling of no floor under him and no walls to keep in the vastness of space inside.  
The prophet speaks, “All team Titan’s assets now transferred to team Fighting Hotdogs.”
“So they managed to take out the Titans like a bad blind date, but with no nookie!   hehe!  That just makes it easier for us.  The sweet smell of victory is in our grasp, so they have taken control of the Titan’s fighter blockade, we have a hundred times as powerful arsenal here on our home planet Visions.” Says the Dolphin’s Wake team leader, a tall and slender being, with translucent like skin, filled with what looked like thousands of champagne bubbles fighting a war all their own.
The blockade that stretches across the outer limits of the Stoned Prophet Galaxy all uplink their allegiance to their new commanders and wait for orders.  Kettle is with Daisy in the cockpit of the scout ship as it nears its destination.
“Even if we don’t win I’m still going to announce we are Urchins,” he says.
“Why can’t we just take what we have earned and live happily off of it?”
“Because Daisy, while our people are being exploited, being served as the main course in fancy restaurants of the rich, we have a responsibility, we have a steak in the welfare of our people.”  Kettle pauses then says, “This war, this game, we are playing, we are fighting for real lives here, if the people knew that urchins could think, could function just as well as any man, they would stop eating them.  They must.”
“It’s time to see how realistic this game really is.  Hold on to your butt, this is going to be a hot one.”  Says Kettle, then to the fighters “Close in on Stoned Prophet Galaxy’s Colossal Super nova red star.”
Orders come piling in as each grid reports.  One hundred thousand short-range fighters in all, they cannot journey far without a base to refuel at, which they don’t have, but they are powerful, the Titans having invested heavily in technology, each capable of destroying a galaxy of planets.
“All fighters, on my mark, fire and hold on the Stoned Prophet star.  3 - 2 - 1 - Now!”
As they sit and watch, thousands of bright beams tear into the star, they rip into the fiery surface which consumes it and bubbles, collapsing in on itself, shooting solar flares far into space.  Like a carbonated soda shaken up and opened, it bursts out, swallowing up the ships, breaking free of its mold and consuming all that is in its path.  Kettle smiles and says, “Now we are truly free.”  Daisy, awe struck by the colorful display rapidly rolling like storm clouds of crashing waves towards them whispers, “it’s beautiful.”  Then they are overtaken, as the star expands in its burning brightness, it swallows whole the planets orbiting it, sucking them in.
After a brief surge of vertigo the Dolphin’s Wake team captain walks out the doorway of one of their mighty domed buildings of the training center.  The construction and mine crews, wearing ant masks, do not pause in their building and harvesting of the crystal mines, but suddenly their bodies and heads begin to pop out blood and organs as if squeezed or shot.  They, natives to the planet, fall and convulse, becoming the liquid substance they were once before the Dolphin’s Wake team imprisoned them in bags of flesh, they pop and flow out of their molds.  One minute they are there the next ‘poof’ the natives regress back to dead water savages.
“SyCo report!” their team leader yells, as one of them points upwards, at the intense blinding light of a humongous star, which has tripled in size.  The ground, shaking, heaves, landscape rips propelled, trees launch like missiles.  Suddenly, they are compacted, and the ground cracks open as large chunks of earth break apart and are catapulted into space.
They are squeezed down to the size of a pinhead and chucked into space never knowing quite what happened.
Germ, sitting on a asteroid about fifty meters in length, plays with toy trucks in the dirt and says “SyCo at least give me a playmate to play with,” when a loud trumpet blares through space and the Prophet announces, “All Hail Germ of Fighting Hotdogs, the winner!”  Then the imaging begins to get fuzzy and the environment changes to a crowded arena where all the players are gathered and Germ sees his brother and sister and goes to join them in the winner's circle.
There is a brief argument as the team members of the Dolphin’s wake complain, “They didn’t win!  They just created a black hole that sucked in everything!  Our planets and defenses, as well as their own!  That’s cheating!”
“The rule book does not differentiate over how a team wins, Germ is the last player left alive.”
“But the whole gaming universe is consumed, there isn’t anything left!”
Their voices are muted out as their platform lifts and the celebration begins.  They did it!  They won!

CHAPTER 28 ORGY OF THE MIND
back to top

Blight wakes up in total darkness.  “Augh”  he cries out.  Something stinks bad.  He can feel wet things pressing against his face and body. The stench is choking him, his breathing haggard and muffled, as if through yogurt, he must escape out of whatever hell he’s in.
He feels as if he is submerged and suffocating inside a big bag of poo.  Blindly he searches for anything to grasp, with sharp pain of being poked and stabbed with spears.  He can feel the walls around him give, his mouth bites on a rubbery object, a final push and light streams in through the opening, he pushes his hands then head through the hole and gasps in shock.
"What?" He pokes his head out of a hellephant’s belly. "What the hell?"  He pulls himself out of the large beast, with blood and gore covering his body, he wipes his face on a white sheet he finds nearby, blowing out chunks of slimy innards from his nose and mouth.
He is in a freezer of some kind.  Around him the dead lay, wrapped in blood stained sheets, a thin layer of ice grows around them.  Here are the dead from both sides of the war, comrade and enemy alike, along with animals, gathered in the final resting place, in the happy hunting ground.  Now frozen and dead, the living fed on lies to feed the war machine, now frozen and dead,  to feed the comfy fat in the pit of the consumer's stomach.  Blight has to ask himself, just who profits from this war and what the real reason behind it is.
His eyesight is scrambled, he can’t see clearly, he rips the visor off his head and stares up at the light with his naked eyes for the first time in years.  No control room.  No master.  No master.  He feels so lost.
He can hear numbers being punched and keyed and the door, the only entrance and exit, opens up.  Blight, dead possum act, ducks beneath a blood stained sheet.
As the door opens, Blight stands still and holds his ground.  In rolls a heavy-duty well bladed meat mower.
"Time to pack the meat!" it beeps.
"OH HE OH HI! OH ME OH MY! it's time to pack the meat HE HO!  ME HO!"
"HE HE Working for the man, to feed the little ones and grease the pan, why I do not eat the meat I do not understand, but it's time to package the meat in PLASTIC AND CANS."  The little mower sings as it rolls to the nearest body, which happens to be the hellephant beast Blight slept inside.  The mower's top bumper drops down and the churning blades, of many chained and grinding teeth grind and gobble up one of the beast’s legs rather quickly and out of the mower's rear, packaged in tight plastic, a plump and wrapped meat loaf pushes out.
Blight lets the sheet fall off of him and with arms outstretched, moans, his body still dripping with the large horse/elephant hybrids blood.  "Boo," says Blight.  The green light on the mower's head blinks on.  "Must package MEAT meat.. but.."
Blight raises his hands up and again says, "BOO!"
"Must package PACKAGE meat.. BUT.."  the light blinks a few times then it says, "He WHO who packages meat and runs away lives LIVES to package MEAT another day."  And it beeps repeatedly a series of codes, sound of hydraulics and gears screech with protest, and the compartment unfolds. The rear wall hinges open, lowering the landing ramp, and all the bodies who are not tied down are sucked out the door as Blight, in horror, sees they are actually flying in an aircraft high off the ground.  Blight pulls himself, in the strong vacuum, up on a wall handle.  With some distress he sees he is above the clouds on a shuttle in midflight.  The mower runs, at full speed, out the opening, Blight looking sees a tiny parachute open up and the mower becomes lost in clouds.
Fighting gravity, agile as a stiff dead fish Blight lunges through the airlock, able to seal the door behind him, he leaps into the cockpit of the shuttle and finds it empty with a view screen lit with his picture loading and finding three possible matches.
"I know who you are." Says the autopilot.
"I'm glad someone does" says Blight.
"You put us in risk."
"Then screw yourself"," says Blight falling to his knees,
"I do not have hardware necessary for task, must change orders. Mission is TERMINATED, route COMPROMISED, new objective, NO SCREWDRIVER, find unusual connection to classified material, LEFT LOOSE right TIGHT, invalid invalid screw but save head terminate living safeguards, re route control operator, must manually screw."
Each breath Blight takes draws painful rasps with death's noose tightening choke hold on him, his spirit is being reeled in, hooked like a fish, "Shut up," says Blight.
"How far up?  Missing value fields, please advise."
Blight is losing consciousness, "Listen closely," he says, "Do not land, just fly up and away into the sky until I die." Then he falls, crashing onto the floor, collapsing.
"Limited space factors. Must adjust, must have valid authority to leave planet orbit, Voice command?  waiting.. waiting.. waiting.."
Out loom giant ships sailing, like a fairy tale, above the clouds in the sky. Tiny specks move over the decks, growing larger, below the ships many ropes hang, a rigging of sorts which connects the ships together, a webbing of steel rope.
A strange accented voice comes over the radio, “Hey man, what-chaze doing?  You have no clearance, you coming in like a bat out of hell.  You crazy?”
Blight’s shuttle steers towards the rigging of ropes.
Canopies of webbing run a twine, ropes tied taunt hanging between ships dipping into the dark clouds below, engines and buttresses of steel, fly in bright vivid colors.  Reflecting the sunshine, they hover over the surface of high floating fortresses, as organized yet as complex as a brain mapped out, a dreamscape, but seen awake, satellite dishes point directly to the sun, broadcasting a message of warmth and life, soaking in the full beauty of light reflecting off the cloud’s silver lining.  Violent shades of crimson and orange submerge through the layers of sunmade art and the first tear of a baby opening its eyes to the baby blue of sky the cloud castles that stretch past the horizon.
A silent party, ripening in the rage, where darkness and corruption spread jam with a spoon, mustard deepening in the bones of the night, cutting edge genetic research, mapping the brains of mice and men, where, the pleasure lobes are explored, research on endorphins and euphoria breaks out of orbit, out of its eggshell.  Compatible relationships between hard drives and sex, filling the heart with unbridled passion, of yearning for more stimuli.  
The life of a mind junkie, high on the wires somewhere between lunar moons of success and star dust shooting through space in the kitchen of chemists and microchip technicians.  An open heart surgery operation of the solar satellites make love to the sky full and flying high with the blood of hawks and birds, high on liquid light, the fiends scream for more sun, as withdrawals leave all dreams naked of sleep.  The bait of ecstasy catching in the mouths of flying lions, hooked on the web of inner ripe lips of musical sunrises, set to enter, her mouth, by the cakehole, when, with a push of the belly button, the knob turns to self-aware darkest desires, with a turn of the dial thousands of cocks can plunge inside every hole, individually custom made for full blown fantasies.  A fantasy island in the midst of a bad play, an ocean of sensory overdrive, like sorcery, bombarding all the senses till orgasmic screams howl and the barriers that border between pleasure and pain, on a voyage of exploration, make up the game.  People dancing to a silent beat scaling the rigging and ropes of infinite space.
The city called Eaven consists of thousands of rainbow colored ships with the Jolly Rogers raised high on the flagpoles flying uninterrupted in the wind.  An underground city hovering above ground and drifting above the clouds, consisting of a network of black marketed goods and piracy and housing the gypsy nomadic people who together formed a family of followers known as the children of the sun, known downside as the c.o.t.s.
Steal crossing over the rope bridges connect his ship the Daisy Train to the mama ship, so huge it dwarfs him like whale does a fish.  The outside siding is fiberglass but the interior of his vessel is lined in artificial wood, which he loves, walking along his deck over the polished floorboards of his hover craft his footsteps ring out through the hollow compartments.  Wood is a natural commodity that is very hard to come by, these days, “It’s not as if it grew on trees.” the very bad, corny, joke they often say.
Steal’s footsteps match in the rhythm to the music he hears emanating from an implant in his ear but silent to anyone else.  As all the children of the sun, Steal had the implant impregnated when he was first born and he loves and learned to rely completely on it as a subconscious escape.  The music playing is a never-ending song which lasts for about three years before repeating itself again.  Right now it is on the drum solo which has been going on for the past three days.  Rap a tap tap Steal dances a little jig climbing down the tilting stairs his movements dictated by the song, everyone has the song memorized.  The tourists who visit know nothing of their culture and as far as he is concerned are completely deaf.  Always questioning how they all can be moving to the same beat but in so many marvelous different ways.  Every instrument has a different tune, yet all are needed to complete the never-ending song.  The song has no earthbound comparison.  Nothing he ever heard with his ears and not his mind can touch it.  It is their way of life and they worship it.  He remembers this part three years earlier, it is called the hawk-eye underwater flight, the best way he can explain it to non-family, it is just like trying to explain the color blue to a blind man.  It has become as feverishly accepted as religion.
Steal ducks his head and goes below deck, down the short hallway which splits into two and heads into the bedroom he shares with his brother.  Rob is lying in the bed next to a short blonde hair girl; Rob stoops up on his elbows as Steal walks in.  Their clothes are laying randomly on the floor obviously removed in haste.  An empty box of condoms lays on the floor next to what appears to be a deflated rubber duck .  Steal stares at it questionably, ‘Don’t ask,’ is all that Rob’s expression says.
Rob shakes the girl awake whispering in her ear and she gets up and walks out the door, nude, she sways her ass for Steal smiling as she passes.  Her skin is colored in the fashionable tied dyed rainbow, most of the children of the sun have altered their DNA changing their skin coloring.  Steal had never caught onto the craze but Rob’s skin is in a deep green hue.
‘Where’s Codeine?’ Steal asks and Rob whistles.  
From under the bed crawls the black and gray furred wolf they raised from birth.  Codeine is something special to them.  He is part of their family and much loved.  He also stores all of their mind vids in microchips connected through his special collar.  He can talk too, with a vocabulary of but two words, yes and no.  
Rob gets up out of bed and staggers a few feet before pausing and holding his hands out as if to steady himself then he smiles.
"So what do you have for me bro?" asks Steal.
"Oh, you’re gonna love this one." says Rob petting Codeine and motioning him to take position next to the terminal.  "It’s so pure, uncut.  It’s the truest essence of love I have ever generated.  Or rather puppy love."  Rob says patting Codeine lightly.
"Don’t tell me you ran a mind navigator and mapped Codeine?"  says Steal in a reproachable tone, “and he is a horn dog in heat!”
"Wait Wait!  It’s good!  Good as gold!  I modified the crown of thorns so it fits Codeine then mapped his uh.. urges and the indulgences satisfied, this is some dog gone dog gone good shit!  really intense.  It is pure animal magnetism; it takes you into the deepest recesses, not only is it like a masterpiece in a lost language, it's like a lost planet, it explores things that you never knew existed.  It captures your mind and feeds it from the fruit of life.”  Rob is crying he is so happy.  “Each time is different.  Right now it’s only geared up for solo.  Wanna be the first to try it?”
Steal pulls the mask down over his face, then plugs the male end of the cord into the female end located on Codeine’s collar and jacks in.  He can hear his brother's voice commands to access the vid as he falls down into the drooling feelings of biting the chicken that hatched him.
An intense light blinds him and there are a few audible clicks before Steal blinks and shoves the mask off his face.
‘Well what do you think? Crazy isn’t it?’
Steal tilts his head up to the ceiling and howls before his face quivers and he falls into convulsions, vomiting.  Codeine begins barking and says, "No, No!"
“Oh no.. oh no.. oh no..” says Rob."
Steal’s body shaking, loses control of his bladder, as it goes on a monster rampage.  He can barely hear Rob’s concerned voice as he comes to his feet.
“Altogether bad exit, must of been a loose line in the programming, hang in there bro, I’m gonna take you to the meds.”

***
With a shock and groan, his heart racing with thoughts at light speed, he casts his eyes over a gloomy perspective on the room he is in and he notices that he isn’t alone.  His memory comes rushing back to him, he remembers his mind vid and what he has foreseen.  “My own death” he murmures “my own death and, no... NO!”
“Easy brother,” Rob is there with a hand on his shoulder.
Steal’s eyes search upwards and they meet his reflection in an overhanging operating mirror.  He stares back at himself with clenched teeth and something different.  With a shock he noticed that his pupils are now white, white as snow.
As they wait in the med office Steal breaks down, visibly shaken and drenched in sweat.  “I saw the future, and it is hell, overrun with demons,” he said, “hideous, they captured… they did things ..  it is not of this world Rob.  It was so cold.  And the pain.  I will become one of them.”
“It was just a bad mind vid chip.  That’s all.  Let it go.”
“No!  No!  Anguish in a jar of clay!  The Hell, pain!  Codeine must be open to the planet’s flow, dogs, wolves, sensitive and receptive to the sun, animals are more in tune to the message, the demon must be broadcasting his evil, Codeine picked up on it.”
“It was real.  The future.  He laughed and toyed with me.  He kept my soul in a dark hole a living hell, waiting for eternity to begin, made to do.. awful!  The cage of skin, the things he did to me, only a second, but it lasted forever.  He left his mark on me so that I’d know what I saw was true. I’ve got to go to him.  The Mosquito Man.  I have to save my soul or I’ll never sing, never reach the great composer.”
They wait in a line of five people.
Two people up a large man, with a wide frame, turns and stares at them with a look that could of been brief recognition or just pure hatred. He seems to be in some pain, his face has fresh stitch marks on it.  His chest is bulky with singed battle armor of the Cancer Corp, covering his muscles, and with loose wiring occasionally sparking down his spine.
Suddenly Steal freezes and gasps.  “Him,” he said pointing with a shaking finger.  “His face, him.”
“What, What is it?” Rob asked.
“That’s the man who is going to fuck the world.”
“We need a urine sample,” says the Nurse, “Do you have a STD or need a personal shampoo?” she asks.

***
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” says Blight.  “Mumbo jumbo about me fucking the world.  What the fuck does that even mean?  I don't have time to argue however.  The docs in there.” Blight says with a nod.  “They told me I have one Month max to live before this bug in my head finishes eating its way into my brain and I’m dead.  I don’t even have any credits left to celebrate.  Nothing.  I have nothing.  I’m just a walking dead man.”
Steal thinks for a moment.  “You know Rob here’s a veterinarian.  Maybe we can make a deal.”
“Just a hobby.” corrects Rob.  “You know nothing serious.  I hate the sight of blood, it really wigs me out, I use to feint sometimes but I’ve gotten better.”
“What kind of deal?”
“Maybe he can extract this bug of yours, but you have to agree to something first, after the operation.“
“Are you so sure of your brother’s ability that you believe I will survive?”
“You will not find a harder worker then a washer."  Then as Blight puzzles over that,  "What could it hurt?  Besides the future I saw had you in it, so you must live.  Take a leap of faith.”
Blight smiles, "Is your faith that strong? Are you Second guessing, what if I jump off this ship?  Would your future be changed?"
"Go ahead, jump and we'll see."
Blight laughs, "Ok.  Play doctor."
Aboard the Daisy Train Blight, strapped down onto a fold out couch made into an operating table, has a food processor next to his head.  A sticker on it reads “Clean with Vinegar, Food Processor Excalibur II” they must not of bothered to remove the tag after they purchased it.  A neuron network digital x-ray locked in beside the pasta maker slowly moves over his head, scanning it.  It holds a read-out panel to jack into.
Rob finishes putting on his webbing, it is a faded color blue with insulated wire running above his nerve endings.
“Now I’m not going to actually touch you.”  says Rob.
“This device will do all of the work for me.”  In his hands he holds a small multi armed robotic med unit.  Its thin arms each are attached to different devices.  Blight notices several scimitar looking blades, also small tweezers like endings, needles and other devices full of hoses and wires.
Codeine sniffs the robot then licks it.
"How sterile is this environment, just out of curiosity?"  Says Blight noticing shed fur and a thick layer of dust covering the shelves and end tables.
"What?  Oh, it's good enough. Here, this will sit on your head like so.”  Rob carefully places the robot on top of Blights head so that it rests comfortably on his nose and forehead.  “Now which drugs would you like?  I can put you under and I have a wide selection of painkillers to choose from.  It shouldn’t take long.”
“I want to be awake when I die.”
“I understand.  Well, exciting isn’t it?  My first human patient. Well wish me luck.”
Rob wiggles his fingers, in response the robot moves its thin arms up and down looking like a beetle in a strange mating ritual.  After testing each appendage, Rob pulls the mask over his face and turning a knob on his side a blinding flash absorbs his eyes and the light shoots out from the hairline crack around his visor and nose.
An hour later Blight is floating in and out of consciousness, with a yearning desire to burn the whole world.  Pain forged him into a killing machine and pain will release him.  He can see his colorless blood running through tubes that the machine has lined up in no seemingly order.  There are already at least four puncture points in his head where the robot had inserted its scalpel and straws through his skull and dug in with tweezers.  Desperate, Rob looks like he is experiencing the pain himself, his hand shake nervously as he works the robotic tweezers in the incision.
“Get me a Drink!“ he yells to his brother, “Steady the nerves you know.”
A million nerves in his head are buzzing with intense pain, the kind of pain that makes a grown man cry, double over, and blow his brains out if he only had a gun.  Yet Blight sits motionless, his features stern and wroth in iron, as if he is being baptized a king.  Pain brings on flashbacks, and he learns to travel through his memories, searching for the missing points of his life.  “Lord, what has become of me?  What have I become?”
It is during a moment when he doubts his own humanity that Rob pulls back his visors and cheers.  “Got it!  I got it this time.  Man, I’m good.”
As the robot finishes extracting, Blight can feel the angels tugging at his soul.  Something is calling him.  He feels a very strong pull and then his eyes shut close; and the murmur of his artificial steel heart pulsating to a mechanical beat is all that he can hear or feel and then that too is gone.
Steal looks at it again, for the dozenth time and he still cannot believe it.
“Rob..” says Steal shakily, “I think this might be the reason for my existence, prepared for this moment.. man Gold.  Solid gold.”
“It’s a microchip.  Just a plain ordinary, low caliber microchip.  Why it was digging itself into his brain is unclear but what is on it is even more puzzling.  This kind of technology just doesn’t exist.  Look at it.”  He points to the wall screen where circles are drawn of three different colors, glowing as they grow.  Each a topographical map with the nuclei being a solid color, egg yolk, and more outlining circles branching off, the densely populated regions more concentrated, with some overlapping.  Three dimensional scale with cliffs and valleys, they form a chain of planets recording brainwaves, the coding is bigger than the distance to the sun and back.
“It's alien technology but I think I can work with it.  First we will need three host bodies, but that should not be too hard to find.”
“Well what is it.”  says Rob.
From down, strapped to the couch came the answer. “Three separate intelligence programs, or to be direct, new life forms.  The amount of data on this can fill the whole Corporate satellite data bank, cover North America when uncrunched.”
Steal looks down surprised.
“Part of my past I remember...  the pain brought it back.  I used to be in the same field as you.  Anyway, thanks." Blight reaches for a hold in reality, he latches on to what he knows, technology.  Concentrating on the hardware he is able to escape in a comfortable field, in spite of himself.
"You must have been good to be drafted as a cyborg."
“No, suicide is a better fate.  To survive I must have been an idiot, I'd say.  You must be a damn lucky idiot to engage in this kind of death dealer.  The damn fool who stuck me in the hellephant’s belly was one as well.  I owe him one.” Blight says more to himself, “if I ever see him again I will stick him up a chicken's ass.  We will meet again, maybe in your universal being sea of souls," He whispers.
“The shuttle you crashed, which, by the way, is very concerned for your health, was confiscated and just released into my custody.  Heres your new I.D. bar and thumb print.  You did have a ready account with us.  Hello Kite 303.  It’s a whole new identity for you, a rebirth and a chance to wipe the slate clean and start over.  That’s why a lot of people come here to Eaven.  It wasn’t easy to come by, I had to wet a few palms.”  Says Steal.
“Not to mention breasts,” interrupts Rob with a laugh.
“I will sell the shuttle and purchase three host bodies for the ai programs.  Then we will see.  Man oh man.. talk about pipe dreaming, I’m shitting down the pipes with the plumber’s plunger!!”
"Ugh, that's bad.  Don't ever use that corny phrase again." says Blight.
"Who mentioned chunks of corn?  Like they are thickly covering a bowl of turds?"
"Ugh... that's not even funny, is it supposed to reference potty humor?  If so that’s bad, it is not funny at all."
"Oh, it really stinks doesn’t it!"
***
Steal walks down the corner tight cubicle market of pirate fantasies, where any and everything can be purchased for the right price.  People are calling out for all sorts of items, he passes a man selling pasta makers and heads into an alleyway where the lights are dimmer and the people more sparse.  He knows a man who deals in used Al Prods who is in the family and will give him a good deal.
Spider is a big man, his gut hangs out like a trucks spare tire.  His black hair is greased with lard and his smile broad as he comes up to welcome Steal.
“... sucking on winter’s holly ...” says Spider, a moment later those same words ring out through Steal’s head.
“... mind full, overload, peel off the skin and watch spring explode ...” responds Steal, and the song repeats playing in their heads those words.  It is the way all children of the sun greet each other, singing the verse that the great song is on at the time.
“Three Al Prods you say?  Well here they are, and in finer condition you can’t find.  Fresh shipment, haven’t even put them in the front window yet.  Come here and look.”
There is a group of Al Prods, some pacing the room in an aimless fashion, others turned off and recharging, most of them are damaged and missing parts.
“Since your family, I won’t pull the tourist crap on you.  Half of these have a case of bad wiring, their circuits are toast, man.  But we do have a few good ones.”
“Look at this one.”  Spider motions Steal over.  In front of him stands a six-foot brown and green Al Prod with six slender arms and two legs.  His body is a bit dented up but he is one of the active ones and capable of moving all of the various joints in his body.
“It's our only medic.  It is a dentist.  A more loyal one you will not find.  I caught a rat in here the other day, locked it up to sell to the meat market wagon, next thing you know the Al Prod's there cleaning its teeth.  It reported two cavities and put fillings on them both.  He even did my teeth,” Spider smiles and a gold tooth gleams.
“Here’s another good one from the Miss Maid series, a good worker.  I went into the john to take a dump and by the time I got out she had cleaned my whole cabin.”  Steal looks her over.  She has four arms and four legs, built like a centaur, with a thick yet architecturally designed strong frame, with different pivot points for easy moving in tight spaces, her body is mostly featureless, with hoses for vacuums along with liquid dispensers and mop like rollers.
Spider motions him over to a corner where a woman kneels.  Her fine blonde hair cascades down her face opening up like a low cut skirt to reveal her cat like grayish blue eyes.  Her skin and features are soft and delicate and her breasts seem to swell as she stares up at Steal.  Her legs, like scissors, useful and practical, yet sharp and deadly when stabbed through the eye.  “Do you like girls?”  She says, her voice catching on syllables with lips fit tight around in a smile, she puts her index finger into her mouth, hooking it on her lip as she sucks, “… baby …?”
“Meet our sleeper 3000.”
“You mean...  wow.”
“Yes remarkable resemblance to Porridge Maker, the hot new rock star, she got it from my poster over my bed.  She just studied it. Porridge Maker can sing, not as good as the song but hey what is, right?  Anyway this Al Prod Sleeper is the ideal girl.  Her vocabulary is very limited, she's hard to have a good conversation with, but information isn’t her asset, if you know what I mean.  She spends half her time in between faces, changing her appearance, however here’s the beauty of it; she can be anything you desire, she can change shape and size of her … you know and mold herself… you know… she is one size fits all, like… pure so very , very fine.  Her skin changes color, so do her eyes and hair.  I will miss her, however if the price is right….”
“I’ll take all three.”  The Al Prod's all follow Steal like lost puppy dogs, occasionally getting stuck on sharp corners or by loose cords and Steal stopping, rescues them.  Their processors are very limited, however that will soon change.
***
The days pass by without much event in Eaven, but not so ground side, there comes very disturbing reports from below about a new war lord ravishing the land.
As Blight recuperates he is able to help out Steal and Rob with the project they are obsessed with, not sleeping a wink for days, when finally, they finish creating the hardware for the data transfusion, they celebrate briefly before passing out from sheer exhaustion.

***
"This evil flesh burns my soul,” Magnolia says, admiring her new body in the overhanging operating mirror.
Her skin holds the gray of the deep sea, rubbery, with tiny holes for pores, with a substance much like upholstery cleaner seeping through, keeping it soft, bouncy, and lubricated.
At first she felt dizzy and lightheaded but the disorientation passed and now she is coming to full terms with her new body.  It feels so different, her senses reel in some sort of anticipation of upcoming events, her senses as she knows them have been stripped from her.  Like an antenna retracting itself, she can pick up good reception but it comes in vibrations to her body, in a new sense of touch. She finds that she can’t actually feel her body but it is there.  She looks down at her feet; she has four of them.  She vibrates differently than her other surroundings.  “It is like learning to live all over again.”
“Ay, it shall take some time getting used to.  It is so alien it gives me the creeps every time I look at myself yet I shall still carry the memories of our other bodies inside me and know from whence we came.”
She frowns as her head rotates on her pivoting neck and she looks at her large buttocks, now resembling a horse’s rump.
“Ay it is a crime to all mankind to hide such loveliness in something so plain.”  He sees a pained expression in her eyes.  “Not that you’re not good looking now, just not what you were before.  Your soul can make even the ugliest body look pleasing.”  He offers her a smile and she bursts into tears, glass cleaner mixed with upholstery lube.
Bane wraps his six arms around her body and pulls her close to him in a loving embrace.  “Is this the same Magnolia who held her ground to the charging hordes of Mons in the battle of Beggars Tomb?  Or who faced the evil Taurist in its lair without flinching?  Or who stormed the castle Night and saved it from falling?”
“No!” she screams, “It’s not the same Magnolia, look at me!  I’m in a stranger’s body.  He has robbed me of everything, my land, my family, my friends, and now my body.  I have done all of those things you said, I have fought, stood ground, yet to what avail?  Why does it have to be so?  Where is the good?  Is there none left?”
“Ah, poor Magnolia.  I hear what you are saying and there is a ring of truth around your words.  Remember though that I too have lost everything, we share a common bond now.  We are the good.  We are the only chance.  We knew that we would have to sacrifice a lot to win, only now are we realizing just how heavy the price weighs.  As long as we have our”  he starts to say bodies but then stops, “ah.. souls then we are doing better than most who have none.”
She laughs in his chest.  “You are so stupid.”
“Yes, brains were never my asset.  My mother always said that our creator gave me too much bronze and not enough brains.  Ah, now look at me.  Before I had the strength of ten men, now I doubt if I could lift a sword much less wield one.”
“I suppose you are right.  At least we are out of that room.  I was going crazy locked up with both of you constantly arguing.”
“Ah, where is the little half pint?”
A web of cursing hit their ears, so crude and vulgar that it was a shock to hear it in a sweet melodious voice.
They look at each other.  “No, it couldn’t be.” says Magnolia.
“It was the only body left.” a voice sounds from the hallway.
A crooked grin spreads over Bane’s one lip mouth.
They both roll out of the room; a beautifully crafted Female Al Prod stands menacingly close to Steal, her hands choking him against the operating table.
“Look at what this idiot has done to me?”  says Cement.
“Maybe now you’ll learn to respect the female a little more.”  Magnolia says.
“Ay, and a more human perspective.  Just think now you won’t be eye level with my groin.”
“The only thing keeping me from ramming a blade into my own gut is the promise that I made to the dwarven council.  However, my oath does not bind my from killing you.”
“What and spill blood all over your new dress?”  Bane says as his body bellows in uncontrollable rumbling.
Cement pouts and storms out of the room, Magnolia turns to follow him, but Bane puts one of his hand extensions on her shoulder.
“Let him go Magnolia, he’s gone to sulk.  Sometimes a man needs a moment alone.”  Magnolia and Bane fall rolling in low choking, rough hiccup sounds that just add to the laughter, their new voices, sounding so alien, it is like being born again.  Still they laugh.

CHAPTER 29 REHABILITATIVE FACTORY PLANT
back to top

The sea spits in urgency.  Heavy waves crash against the side of the ship.  They churn in the murky darkness, only to be heaved again, in the stew of the seas, where life is fleeting and the dead sleep soundly in the bellies of fish.  The vessel, a barge, once carrying crude oil, is now converted into a prison ship, as the screams of the oppressed ring out from deep in the bowels of the cell blocks to the indifferent ears of the Beartic ocean.  The barge, an island, isolated from the world outside, with prisoners drowning awash in solitaire misery.
The barge is a power plant with hundreds of self-sufficient generators running, hanging off of poles, collecting and storing data, receiving and sending information to Bunker 3 the third corporate satellite in space.
The prison barge grinds from the weight of the ocean pulling on its anchors.  A pair of men, on the sub level deck, in bloody uniforms, jettison cargo into the sea, where more than a few dorsal fins cut through.  Bright red and yellow bags with the universal warning for contaminated goods stenciled on their sides slide open and the naked bodies of men and women fall out.
“Damn this rain,” the guard, Frank, says. “It will be the death of the prisoners yet.  Their bodies sizzle all the worse for it like bacon on the grill.”
“The saw and bones doc, Dr. Cabal, what a Loon, doesn’t help matters any, I don’t know any of his ‘patients’ that have lasted more than a week.  Why we always get stuck with this?  I wanna plug in to play devils run.”
Stein, the other guard laughs in agreement, “Yea Frank, you owe me from the last game.  Thought I was too stimmed up to remember didn’t you!”
Frank frowns, shooting Stein a dirty look and he kicks one of the dead overboard.  “Want to go another round, Chicken-Salad Sucker?”
Together with black gloved hands, they scale the railing to the sub deck above.
Deep inside the body of the barge a sign hangs across the doorway of operating room 2d, which simply reads, ‘Rehabilitative Adjustment for Re-entry into Society.’
Inside the operating room iron bars criss-cross over round port windows.  A sign reads, "Remember, this world is alive; feed it well."  Jars of bottled brains sway in a rhythmic beat beneath the swaying of the deck.  Over a grill fleshy matter, organs and a small meditation rock and desert sand garden is made, with chunks of meat still on bone inside it, a couple skulls lay toppled on top of one another, and adding to the decor of a wild west scene a cactus grows near the grate.  
Chains are hanging off the walls, out dated and primitive, but there is just something about being chained that restrains the thoughts as well as the body, that fit the locked state of mind like a warm key or an ice pick.
Other modern day shielding devices to restrain prisoners are built into the floor panels.  The near wall shelves pea pod plants and a few cacti.  Below the shelf of crowded bottled brains, some dead rodents sit pierced with metal devices and vegetation, stuck inside a jelly substance.  Built into the far wall is a large screen that displays a full sized male body rotating with red incision marks traced on his scalp and spine.  In a thin wire cage runs a rat on a treadmill, wires monitor his heart rate and a dandelion sprouts from its head.  Other such rodents fill the other wire cages but most of them lay still as sticks and do not move at all.
Dr. Cabal hangs over their containers, “And how are we doing today my pets?” He says sprinkling some ground cheese and grain between the cage wires.  “Some of you are looking rather pale, I will turn on the artificial lighting so that you can grow and be strong, it’s a shame we don’t have many windows in here or I bet you would be in full bloom.”  Dr. Cabal hits a button on his remote pad and a bright light buzzes on over the cages.  “Toot a lu, it’s time for me to save one more soul,” he turns and leaves the room.
Dr. Cabal slowly walks up the flight of stairs, where the metal steps with no railing, rusted from exposure to salt water, lead above deck, starboard side.  The freshness of the air relieves his nostrils, a welcome change from the mugginess below.
The ship called, The Clearance Sail, spans over a thousand clicks and the gray steel deck is lined with hundreds of metal utility poles jutting up from the deck.
Dr. Cabal arrives just in time to see the newest prisoner, a corporate spy, be crucified, his brain matter and waves harvested in the sea of data to power Bunker 3, in outer space, in conjunction with the rest of the prisoners.
From out of the cell block the guards come, the hands, enforcers of the Clearance Sail, called the Closers.  They are the last stop on the block, called when the corporations have low selling out dated inventory with expired shelf life.  The iron gate opens, allowing them to push along the fold out bed-of-nails recliner.  It is on wheels.  The prisoner, immobilized, wrists and ankles strapped on leather restraints, big belt buckles, bleeds, even though the nails, all level, keep him from thrashing like a fish out of water,  just as the whip around his neck keeps him from screaming.
They push the recliner along the deck.  The captain of the guards holding the whip is dressed in black as if mourning, which he is, for a peanut butter sandwich, because he is so hungry and that's all the cook has had for the past three weeks, only just bulk factory made imitation peanut butter, that comes in bags, and moldy bread.
They haul the prisoner to the spot where he is to be crucified; it is a good spot, with a scenic view of the endless boundaries of the ocean.  Half a dozen armed guards stand in the ready position around the prisoner, the captain of the guards barks an order into his wristband to Control and a moment later the pole lowers itself into the deck of the ship like a car piston.  It doesn’t take long to remove the rotting corpse off the pole then spray it down with disinfectant, and, ahead of schedule, the guards joke and clown around some before going back to work.
A needle is injected into the spy’s neck and he makes a high pitch whine as, around his head the crown of thorns is placed, a device that sends hundreds of needles into the brain and import and exports energy in the form of stimuli, activating and accelerating stem growth in the form of living data, to be processed into the space living inside the energy conductors, inside sunlight.
Control, monitoring them on their read out, is not more than a hundred clicks away. Presently a yellow light shines from the display panel of the crown; once the device is activated a green light will emit and the thorns will inject themselves into the prisoner’s head.
The guards position the man onto the metal pole and the captain of the guards unravels his whip from around his prisoner’s neck, leaving red bruise marks while he reads him his rights.
“You have the right to remain silent.”
“Yeah, please do.” one of the guards mutters.
The first grounding conductor is riveted into the prisoners hand, a blue nail with a wire and fuse stemming off the top for grounding.  The prisoner’s scream rises to a high intensity, drowning out the captain of the guards’ words as he finishes reading.  The prisoner begins to struggle wildly as the rest of the nails are shot into him, connecting him to the pole.
The prisoner’s eyes flutter, he is losing consciousness.
“Any last words?”
It is what they say to all of the prisoners, a little game they keep up with, a chance to place bets and win some credits.  The last thing a prisoner says is written above the prisoner’s head.  It becomes a sort of nickname and the guards refer to the crucified prisoners by the name punched out on the plate.
“Help me Mommy!” the prisoner cries then the light changes from yellow to green, a slight crunching sound as the thorns penetrate his skull and the prisoner’s eyes roll back into his head.  His breathing quickens for a moment before turning to soft wheezing rafts.
“YES!  I knew this guy was going to be a wuss!  Hand them over!”
“Another Mommy.”
“Who would of thought..”
“Well that beats all.”
It is credit time, chips are thrown out into the pot on the ground and the guards, with nothing better to do for the next few hours until the next crucifixion, disperse and walk away.
Dr. Cabal smiles to himself and takes his morning stroll down the deck of the barge.  On either side of him rise the great poles where the prisoners hang, bodies limp, silent except for the clattering of their teeth and the quiet buzz of electricity flowing through their bodies.  He whistles while he walks below the sunburnt sweaty bodies of the crucified.  Their bodies are naked for the most part, their skin peeling with their chests softly heaving.  Their grim faces lay motionless, exposed to the ruthlessness of the weather.  He speaks a few kind words to each of them as he passes.
“Looking good this morning Einstein Off.”
“Keep up the good work, Go To Hell.”
Dr. Cabal stops his stroll in front of the body that is to be released today.  In all reality few actually last the full term, in fact many die in the first month, but this one has kept strong.  True, he had been a former cyborg, which means that he is already experienced at being jacked into the network but still he is doing amazingly well, this being his sixth month, and there are no signs of depravation or brain rot.
Dr. Cabal’s eyes narrow as he stares upwards, shielding his eyes from the sun.  The prisoner has a skinny skeletal frame that had been tampered with by science.  The chest armor, although cracked and flaking, is still mostly intact.  The red emblem of the cancer crab is barely visible over his heart. The cable that runs down his neck has been severed and the sight and scope placed over his right eye had been stripped off, leaving a red scar in the shape of a crescent moon over his eye.  He is to be released into the doctor’s custody today.  He will be unconscious for a while, even after the crown of thorns is removed from his head.  This is only normal.
The metal plate above his head, reads, “Oh Wow”.
“You are very, very lucky.  I have special plans for you.  Yes I most certainly higglety pigglety do!”
After six months, the prisoners are released into his care for rehabilitation back into society, for it was found out that the brain can only last a full six months before it literally melts causing what they refer to as ‘brain rot’ and this brain rot can create some bad errors on the net, making it highly unprofitable to continue manipulating data in the generators brain.
Motioning for two of the guards to stand by he speaks into the speaker that curls around his ear and down his mouth.
“Control, lower prisoner 824.”
The utility pole slides downwards until Morge’s feet are touching the deck.  The two guards grab him and with a special device remove the grounding nails from his hands and feet.  Fresh blood spills from the wounds.  It is a diluted red liquid.
“Bring him to room 2d” Dr. Cabal says, already his pace is quickened.
“This is it,"  he says to himself.  “This is the one I’ve been waiting for.”

***
With a loud snap Dr. Cabal pulls the white plastic gloves tight around his hands.  One of Morge’s eyes opens slowly, fluttering, fighting against the drugs.  His mouth opens up, parched, lips blistered and callused with cracks, he struggles as he mouths a word, then concentrating harder he says it again.  Dr. Cabal pauses and puts his ear next to his patient’s mouth, “Lemonade,” says Morge.
“My you do have a strong tolerance.  You may be the one, your brainscan is right, let’s hope your mind is strong as well.” 
Dr. Cabal squeezes the needle till a drop rolls off the tip then puncturing his patient’s skin he injects it into Morge’s arm.  Morge’s body stiffens and his eyes pop open then he visibly relaxes and his eyelids fall close.
Skillfully now, like a child at the beach in a midsummer morning building a sandcastle and fighting the tide, Dr Cabal works.  He wipes his sweaty palms and his hand shakes a little as he runs the laser pen across his patients forehead, leaving a zig-zag line that momentarily turns into a thin line of red as the blood leaks out.  Dr. Cabal attaches the vacuum hose and pulling back on the scalp, he exposes part of the skull and then in a feverish glow, with a gleam of instruments and laser fire Dr. Cabal begins his masterpiece, the tedious job of inserting the plant’s roots into the pleasure points of the brain.  Long hours pass till Dr. Cabal adds the last stitch and then beams, admiring his handiwork.  He has successfully transplanted a devils’ eye cactus into the brain of his patient, done by painstakingly placing the roots through his skull.  If just one of the roots is off a micro it will be a failure, but it is all part of the rehabilitative process and that is a risk he has to take, a gamble in the name of science, and he thinks, the Heavenly Creator.
Morge awakes and stifles a yawn.  “Man what a crazy, crazy dream.”  Then he remembers and says, “Sorry God, what a crazy crazy ...?  Life?” he thinks as he stretches.  The darkness he sees is slowly fading as his eyes begin to focus.  A loud beeping, like the doorbell to hell rings next to him.  Expecting to be in a lake of brimstone burning, he is only half right, there is a very bright and hot grow light beaming down on him from above and with a sighing, ‘what now’, shock he notices that he is bound to a bed.
Some kind of kinky sex thing, he got himself a pickle and needs to push it back into the pickle jar, better than inserting it up a sheep’s ass he thinks with a grin reminiscing, he’s been there done that.  He no longer cares what is going on, he is in a comfy bed, he is just going to enjoy the moment for what it’s worth.  His wrists and ankles are given room for stretching but chains greatly limit his movements to a minimum.  Painfully he gets up on his elbows, his body is sore.
The unit beeping next to him leads to a series of painful rubber patches stuck on his chest with magnetic adhesive.  He is lying in a cot with white curtains hanging around his bed from the ceiling.  A round window opens up to his side and he can smell the fresh breeze of salt water blowing, and the landscape of the outside is of the sea shifting side to side as the room slowly rocks.  He feels kind of funny, as if something is not quite right.  He moves his hand towards his head but something strays it, some hidden thought keeps his hand from touching his head.
“Don’t touch me, my lover mate.” a hushed voice says in a way that is barely audible as if it was coming from his...
“What where.. who...”
Alarmed now Morge fights against himself and his hand stretches up to his head.  He gasps when he finds under the bandages a solid plate, that chimes like glass when tapped, placed over his head like some sort of weird hat.  It is trapping something in.  Morge is sure of it, some monster is feeding on his head, he can feel it.  A sudden jolt of pain rocks into his consciousness.
“Don’t touch me.”  The whisper says again and this time Morge is sure that the speaker isn’t talking, or rather is talking but to his mind alone.
“Who are you?”
“We are one.”
“Sure Ok, sorry I asked.”  Morge sighs then turns his attention to the footsteps echoing down the hall.
With long strides the head nurse walks in, her high heels click together before grinding to a halt on the gleaming polished floor.
“I need a urine sample,” she says, her fingers gliding down Morge’s neck, resting over his main artery and pushing into the skin to check his pulse.  Morge shimmers; her fingers are ice cold.
The voice pops into the back of his head, “No!”
“Why?” he answers himself, “Will she use the urine sample in the magic potion she’s mixing and sway me under her control?”  No reply.
His heartbeat measured she tucks in a smile and slides her medical kit off her shoulder.  “But first a checkup.”
In his head Morge is fighting his own battle, trying to win control over this new presence.  His thoughts are analyzed and examined, a constant flashback of his life rolls past and he sits like a spectator munching on popcorn and grunting at the appropriate parts, yet underneath the surface there’s another mind working, a cold calculating mind which is quick to judge and fast to punish, always questioning.
It also exercises its control over Morge, suddenly he will have an orgasm, then shriek in quails of pain.  This new being defiantly has an upper hand, but Morge knows that ultimately he is the man sitting in the big seat with his finger on the button, he is the one riding this turkey, riding it like a thong up the cake hole of King Kong into the gates of heck, he cannot be stopped, but for the moment he will listen to the pleasure pains, he will cruise the easy street of cheap thrills, for each breath heightens his senses, tingles his spine and sharpens his awareness.
He feels like a leaf blower blowing in the wind, free, finally free, body and soul free.  As the being becomes used to its new host it hones in on his pleasure points, driving home the sensation of satisfaction, of bliss, like a lovers touch, an eagerness is there waiting, exploring all the possibilities.  Morge shakes with an over bombardment of senses and as the head nurse lays her cold hands on his chest, his eyes pop open, he realizes that the nurse has been talking to him the whole time.
“Let me just remove these garments.” She says, undoing a knot and slipping off his robe like attire.  She takes a wet rag, and after removing the smudge marks off her hands, begins to study Morge.  Dipping the rag into a compartment of hot wax liquid, yet pleasantly cool to the touch, she starts rubbing in the lotion.  It leaves an adhesive of solid, clear shell, hardening as it warmed up to body temperature.  She places a metallic cube on Morge’s chest and as it pulsates into a fiery red blinking randomly, the coating begins to melt.  She waits till it seeps into his pores, merging with his skin, before she removes the cube.
The head nurse smiles warmly, patting Morge’s head and she stretches her lips across her teeth, mouth opening slightly and her tongue a rosy red licks at the thin beads of spittle dew gathering under her nose with some gravy from her turkey drumstick and mud caked in the corners of her mouth and throat.
“There there brother cacti” she says, “Your body’s immune system seems to have adjusted quite nicely, the doctor should be commended.  The roots have settled and your still breathing, can you talk?  Can you communicate?”
Morge looks at her keenly; she wears her nurse’s uniform like an abominable snowwoman wearing white satire in the sunshine.  It is cut extremely low just below the waist with bright yellow flowers covering her curves and Morge can see that she isn’t wearing any panties.  Her hair is matted and dirty, the color of blood and roses.  Layered in thick coils, braids fall down her neck and lick her cheeks.  Her face, frail and innocent, as a mother’s kiss on her child’s hurt to make the pain go away.  Her eyes shine an endless empty blue and her smile shrinks into a pout as her eyes meet Morge's.
She leans into him and pushes her breasts, firm and solid lumps immensely un-proportional to her size, against his neck and shoulder chest. Her fingers climb up his scalp but before she can touch the bandages his hand catches hers in a firm grasp, “Stop!” he orders.
“Oh good!  You can talk.  This is marvelous, beyond any expectations.  Oh the doctor will be so pleased.  Now I’ve been instructed to make you as comfortable as possible.”  Her voice breaks down to a whisper and her finger slide between his lips and rub against his teeth.  “Anything you want is yours.”
Morge stares up at her and shrugs, “I would like a lemonade” he says.
With a mischievous smirk she nods then says, “You still don’t know do you?  Mirror on!”
The screen in front of Morge turns translucent then crystallizes and a reflective surface appears.  Morge stares into the mirror for quite some time.
“Ah yes.” he finally says, “I see I now have a cactus growing out of my head.”
“Congratulations brother, you have been rehabilitated.  This will open up a new life for you in ways I cannot possibly describe and you cannot imagine.”
“Head cactus, foot fungus, its all the same.”  Bits of his memory begin coming back to him.  “The war” he gasps.  “My master.”
“That is all behind you now.  You are under the doctors care.”
The nurse stretches one of her arms upwards and with the other pulled at her dress from the bottom up, lifting it over her head, revealing her body, naked beneath.
“I am another one of the doctors rehabilitative patients.  The same renegade plant DNA which formed these,” she holds her breasts, “have been spliced to give birth to your devil’s eye cactus.  So in a way we are now related.”
Mutant pea pod plants grow, rooted in her nipples and branching down her breasts.  Vines spiral, pushing and stretching, expanding, her nipples, her “on” knobs, fertile buttons to drop nuke bombs, finger on the trigger, hand holding a royal flush, spreading her woman legacy of tight aliens exiting the pods, squeezing her lips together she, mouth open, leaves enough room between her teeth for a special yellow carrot, harvested from the last patients failed vegetable liver transplant, to thrust inside her mouth, flesh served with wine wrapped in a vine confined to the coffin of her bra, her breasts shake, as she bounces them, like a tree limb in the wind, yielding, leaves rippling the air.  Peapods grow all around, the stalks long and green, a full shrubbery, her garden’s ripe fruit, and thriving vegetable stand, her booty tempted with vitamins and, according to her local pharmacologist and organic farmer’s union, she follows all regulations for migrant workers growing them.
“These,” she says, gripping hard her peapods, “will be planted next harvest and will grow, sharing both plant and animal DNA.  The doctor already has a large harvest growing; it is his life’s work.  It is his dream to... well I better let him explain it.”
The nurse climbs onto the cot and straddles Morge, she leans over him till her breasts are almost touching his face then grasping, she squeezes them tightly.  The pea vines turn their petals up and lunge out through the stalk and close to her nipple, small buds pop open.  Yellow flowers blossom.  She presses her breasts into Morge’s face and he inhales deeply.  The tantalizing aroma was the scent of a woman yet also a flower, it is breath taking.  Morge smiles and smells again.
“You can wait on that drink.”
Dr. Cabal pulls the curtain back and finds his patient laying fast asleep on the cot.  He notices that Nurse Sweet Pea has taken good care of him as she had been instructed, an empty glass and a lemon peel lay on the table next to a small pile of manure fertilizer, nutrients for the plants he assumes, and he notices the patient is now wearing lip stick.
“Good.  Good.”
His fever is still up, but that is to be expected.
His heart rate has slowed down and is normalizing.  Dr. Cabal knows he is close to achieving his life’s goal.  Already the rest of the sun’s rays are being decoded, but the doctor is one step ahead of the rest.  He knows the destination or the address which those instructions are destined.  Not exactly, for it is not an exact science, and much has changed in the millions perhaps billions of years that the sun has been sending its message.  All it awaits for is an answer and he will provide it.
If he can find the first tree, the tree of knowledge, the antenna where all life flourishes then he can communicate to the universal being, maybe he can be, his dream.  He wants to be the right hand of his Creator, a vice, and the voice of his almighty God!
His patient lying in bed before him is a witness to the greatness that can be accomplished in this testimony of life and is somehow now a key player in the power struggle between good and evil.  So far this patient, what is his real name, he accessed his data files only hours earlier, ah yes, Morge, so far Morge is the only one to survive a direct transplantation to the brain. It is the way it ought to be, should be, and if he has his way will be.
Already he has a whole harvest of healthy plants waiting to be transplanted into host bodies.  Plants receive their transmissions from the first tree directly, and if the doctor is right, can also transmit to the tree as well; and if that is the case, they can be used to talk back in answer to the Sun’s messenger, to their Creator.
The doctor knows the first tree is somewhere on this North Pole.  That is why he originally took this job, because he knew it was so close to the origin point of all mankind, no, all life, as well as Santa's Workshop.
As soon as his patient can walk he will follow the plans he has so carefully been harvesting for so long.  They will sink this ship and set out on their own towards heavenly salvation.  Dr. Cabal repeats to himself, “Ruler of the animal and plant kingdoms, Voice of God”, to himself over and over.  He keeps repeating it in his mind as he smiles and walks away, assigning Nurse Sweet Pea the task of notifying him as soon as the new patient awakes.
The days passed freely as Morge relaxes and recuperates aboard the ship, the Clearance Sail, he loves the salt water air, a breath of life to recharge his injured soul.  He spends most of his time in Dr. Cabal’s cabin where he is tested and analyzed and occasionally he goes above deck.  He grows to accept his ‘Monkey on his back’ cactus on his head, whom he affectionately calls Mr. Tibbs.  Mr. Tibbs quite content, grows less and less active, as if in a dormant, hibernation state.  Still though he is a power to be reckoned with, his roots dig deep in the secret lairs and corridors of Morge’s mind, Mr. Tibbs can have a full rein over Morge’s actions, by accessing the pleasure and pain areas of his brain, Morge is just along for the ride.
“Now,” said Dr. Cabal, placing the blindfold around Morge’s head, “We are going to test your awareness of other plant life-forms, both you and Nurse Sweet Pea will attempt to hit one of these rotating plants,”  he gestures to the hanging plants that move up and down on pulleys, “with these darts.”
“What do my darts look like?” says Morge.
“I only have one set, they are green scaled with plant genitalia, you will have to share.”
“Isn’t it a little dangerous to be sharing needles with these plants?”  says Morge, “I mean what if they contact some type of sexual disease or something?”
“Shut up!  Shut up!  Just do as I say,” says Dr. Cabal, Morge handling the darts concentrates on the feelings he is receiving from Mr. Tibbs, he can almost feel the other plants, like tiny bubbles under his skin, they are there, he carefully aims, stretches forward and fast, releases.
“Ow!” yells the doctor, “You idiot”.
Morge pulls the blindfold off his head and sees the doctor staggering backwards with a dart in his chest.  Dr. Cabal’s white tunic has a small red stain growing larger as Morge watches, “End test,” gasps Dr. Cabal, before collapsing against the wall.
Finally when all the preparations are complete and Dr. Cabal is satisfied that everything is in order they discuss their escape plans from the ship, Dr. Cabal has the bombs already in place.  They will leave come first light, the hovercrafts lay in wait, already stocked and loaded.  Dr. Cabal almost wets his pants he is so excited, tomorrow they will set off to awaken the voice of their creator.

***
Rosemarie rows against the current, occasionally staring at the hole piercing through the rotten wood of the canoe, just like the hole in her heart, only instead of water seeping through, her heart leaks hatred.  She found the canoe abandoned, washed ashore, and decided to take it for a spin, maybe in the turbulence of the ocean’s waters she would clear her mind and think.  The hole is just an added extra, soon the canoe will overflow, the water already lapping at her ankles, and she will be forced to make a sudden decision, but she still has time.  While the Mosquito Man occupied her body he committed unspeakable acts, using her, for his own perverted, demented pleasure, and she was forced to watch, a passenger, unable to even scream.  She remembers everything and if it wasn’t for his blood, his rich delicious blood, that she feeds upon every night, she would kill the Mosquito Man, but there was his blood, and she was powerless to his feeding, addicted to it, a fiend-ing that went far beyond just physical addiction, far worse then jube.  It is as if her very soul screams in lust for just one more precious drop of his precious fluids, and she never gets her fill, he has to throw her off of him, his eyes laughing as he says, “I am the Mosquito Man whispering in your ear, singing the songs you know you love to hear..”
His blood has changed her.  The Mosquito Man named her the dark widow, for when she mates, her lover is doomed to change, mutate into a beast.  She is damned, he lays waste to her soul and her physical appearance grows more hideous with each feeding.  She is growing more limbs, soon she would have four arms and four legs, she is already starting to crawl, it is faster and easier then standing up.  The bumps on her chest are growing larger each day in what she knows will be four new rows of breasts.  She is changing into a monster, to match her soul.
If it wasn’t for the children she wouldn’t know what to do.  The children, sent from all over the world, to her, to appease the Mosquito Man.  She dreads the day he will take them away, knowing that it will be sometime soon, and then they too will change.  Oh where is the good, where is the good!
She stands on the railing of the sinking canoe and balances her weight evenly.  She will not die tonight, even if her heart knows only despair, she doesn’t have the heart to kill herself.  Not yet.  She begins to drool thinking about going back and sucking on the Mosquito Man’s sweet veins, and she hates herself for it.  He had relinquished control over her body, perhaps tiring of her, after creating a more suitable one for himself, using borrowed flesh and bones; he now looks like a giant winged demon.  She will not panic, she will not fear, and staring up at the starry night, with the palms of the hands together, she yells, “Save us!” then dives in the water and swims to shore.

CHAPTER 30 RAINBOW RIPPLES
back to top

“Where is Cement?”  Magnolia asks.
“He left on some fool crusade.” Says Bane.
“He says he is going to liberate his people.  Have you seen the little people of this world?  The ones processed into food for the hungry? He has some crazy notion he has been brewing.  He thinks that this is not a different place from whence we came but a different time, far in the past.”
Magnolia sucks up the felt end of a dart with her smallest hose and aiming gently, shoots it out hitting the red dot of the bull’s eye thirty feet away.
“You know.. the brand of the Urchin, the two U’s?  They are the same tattoo that he has, gotten when he grew in maturity, the charging horses, the same brand that all of the rock band share, he says this is where they started, it is not a brand to symbolize inferiority, but rather one to be proud of.  Who knows maybe he is right.”
“The Urchins?  Ahh..  So much hardship here, poor Cement and his little people, their blood runs deep up to the necks of man, who drink it up a sip at a time and savor the taste of the evil they drown in without knowing how to swim.”
“Yes, we do the doggy paddle, while the foul fiend of Hades dances, over the rotting graves of men, past or future.  We must stay together, Cement needs help…  yes, but I fear it will be harder to convince man then pulling teeth.”  He lets one of his drills hum for a second.
Blight knows the argument is going nowhere, the crazy AL Prod lady, or no, he corrects himself, the pint sized male dwarf, or whatever she claims to be, Cement, is practically foaming at the mouth ready to take on the whole damn ship, all over the Urchin Trader’s auction.
The other two AL Prod’s stand firm by their comrades side, ready to back him up he supposes, but what can a tooth extractor, vacuum maid and a whore do against this burly crowd.
Blight will auction off the Artificial Life Products soon enough and with the credits collected he can be on his way to start a new life, but the auction will not be for another hour.  Bored, Blight’s eyes scan the large compartment they are in, he doesn’t know how they got here, so many twists and turns, through the dimly lit corridors, down the gang pipes, yet here they are, on some sort of stage that temporarily serves as a produce auction, where livestock is sold through much spit spraying haggling mouths.
Blight wanders into the back, looking for a place, a bathroom or even a window,  he can urinate in private; he pulls the hanging curtain aside and is surprised to see a small room hidden behind it.  It smells like a rat died back here but he won’t endure it long, just cover his nose do his business and get out.  He lets the curtain fall behind him.  Although he is completely alone he can’t shake his sixth sense, finely tuned from bad experiences, his danger signal, that he is being watched, that eyes are following his every movement.
He will pee in an empty squeezable bottle of mustard, he lowers his pants.  Next to him, over what looks like a table, lay a well-worn, dirty, tapestry of the sun, out of curiosity he pulls the tapestry over.  The light catches on something shiny, laying in front of him is a stone sarcophagus of a deep browed man, tall and stout, an expression of wonder on his face, a face hiding so many mysteries, like why is there a bucket of gold and gems at his feet, and in his hands, something…  Blight looks at it closely, it is an old worn wood guitar.  Blight pulls it from the man’s grasp, and gazes at it in awe, something pulls at his sub conscious, his father, in the den, picking at his old guitar.  Blight’s fingers follow his memory, pulling at strings and calling up old feelings that he thought forgotten, he is so lost in his state of grief and happiness, that he doesn’t realize, until he smells the natural incense of potent flowers and pasta, overtaking the room, the rainbowed people of this city have gathered all around.
“The outsider pulled the guitar from the stone!  Hail our new leader, the rainbow king!”
Blight turns, pants unbuckled and mumbles, “Have some privacy here, please,” and under his breath, “damn hippies.”
“Dig it man!  You have fulfilled the prophecy your predecessor left behind.  The outsider who pulls the guitar from his hands, who pays no heed to the material treasures of our people, who turns the empty hallow of this room, this stage, and fills it with beauty into a musical melody, awakening the ancient sprit of the Rainbow King, and becoming absorbed by it, you are the one true Rainbow King and we are here to serve!”
Codeine, the wolf squeezes through the crowd of multi-colored people and sniffing, wags his tail.  “You are insane.”  says Blight.
“Yes, yes,” says Codeine who rubs up against Blight’s leg and curls over beside Blight’s feet.
“I have to urinate.”
“You don’t understand.”  Says a tall elderly man, “You are the Rainbow King.  This now is all yours,” the man cast his arms wide.  “You lead this floating fleet and its inhabitants now, the children of the sun.  You are the cheese that goes on our baloney.  More importantly you now wield the mighty guitar of colors, the heart of our world.  When you play it, it channels through our satellite directly and into our minds, the strings sing to us, a voice that we have longed to hear yet has been kept from us, empty for so long.  We cannot play the guitar because the feedback is so strong, that is why we need an outsider to wield it, and with it, us.  You are the chosen one, reincarnated king of rainbows and song, we will follow you through hell and death and rebirth into heaven again!   You are the rainbow king.”
Blight pushes through the crowd, “I have to pee, it is a complete natural function, we drink, we pee, a give and take, is that a strange request?  It shouldn’t be this hard to communicate this to you.”
The man claps his hand and suddenly a medical hospital bed urinal is brought forth and placed before Blight along with a portable curtain, as all around the children of the sun kneel and bow their heads to Blight.
Blight shrugs and then turns to pee, but after a minute, scowls.  “Great, now I am on a stage in front of an audience, I am pee shy.”  he says and clutching the guitar, lets his fingers absently fall down the strings, the people in the room stagger back, hands over their ears, wincing in pain.
“Please king, not so close, its ripping my mind apart, yet it is so beautiful, the guitar, reawaken pure delight, will never leave your side, in time you will grow, wielding in the music, summoning the right cords, you have the gift, it’s in your fingers and your heart.”
“My heart is now a lump of metal, and these fingers you praise have ripped out whole organs.”
Blight, shaking, scowl, and ignoring the chain of people uniting hands, he pee-pee dances out the room and over to a greenhouse finding an outhouse attached.
“Naked before the Composer,” the people follow, “we are your clothes, you are our King!  You are our cock and we are your urine!” announces an Elder.
The great revelation that Blight is now a king does not halter the tense situation going on beyond the curtains, Cement has positioned herself between the auctioneers and the urchins, and is waving an old rickety chair like a lion tamer to drive back the urchin traders.
“Look babe, I don’t know what to tell you, we can’t just give these urchins away, and besides people need to eat, but I tell you what, maybe a few moments alone with you and me, and I’ll let you have one, you can even pick the fattest one out, is it a deal?”
“I am not a whore!  I am a male dwarf warrior of the burgundy clan trapped inside this body, and these are my people, lay one finger on them and I’ll show you who will be shitting who’s brains out!”
The large well built man, cheeks flushed, and fists clenched, pauses in mid stride hearing this and waits there a moment trying to make sense.  His livestock, he does love them, a few samples, fertilized eggs taken alive, cultured with the right growth, and DNA additives, make a very lucrative trade, but this is ludicrous, what does she say she is?  A male dwarf warrior?  A little too kinky for his taste, she is more like a fruitcake.  “Maybe we can work something out with your master, whoever that lunar person is.  Whoever programmed you has a few screws loose.  Fetch your master, I hope they're rich, cause the only way you’re getting these urchins is with credits.”
Bane the warrior dentist steps close to Cement's side, “Our bodies are not what they were, dear friend.  We cannot use force to rescue your people; we have to find some other way.  Maybe Blight will be able to buy them, or we can work out some dental cleaning in exchange, we have to be smart, look here comes Blight now.”
Blight strolls onto the stage, with an impatient grimace on his face and an old guitar clenched in his fist. Restlessness, he, crossing the stage, suddenly stops, looks around, shit eating grin, says, “I always wanted to….”  Smiling he rocks with his guitar jamming out a few choppy chords as the people dance.  They are all gathering on the mother ship now to pledge their loyalty to the new king and gaze upon him with their own eyes.  Grooving, Blight loses himself deep in the moment of song.
The parade of his newly sworn followers thrashes every time his fingers strike the strings. He hops off stage laughing, “Your crazy!”  He shouts.
“And your our King!”  they shout back.
Climbing up from behind him, with the first handful in line carrying the treasures of their kingdom, the buckets of gold and jewels, more for show than anything else, the party for the official ceremony will begin tonight.
The auctioneers, being outsiders, never heard of the ritual or of the rainbow king and have no clue as to what is going on.  They gaze in wonder at the procession forming around them.
Cement still harboring misgivings about the body Blight chose for her, with resentment in her eyes, she blocks Blight’s path.  “Look here, master,” she says a little sarcastically, “the least you could do human, for all the trouble you have put us through, is save my people.  I may not be as strong as I once was, but what about a little poison mistakenly dropped in your mug of ale?  Or an accident on a hunting trip with an arrow shot through your eye?  If I were my old self I would ram my blade across a few throats to make my point, but now all I have is you.”
Bane the dentist nudges her and whispers, “Cry”.
Tears flow down Cements eyes, “I am new to this world and don’t know all the rules, but can’t you see that this is wrong?”  She says the last part slowly, with her head staring up and quivering as if watching an alien invasion.  “Save them, Let my People go!”  She wails, she has lost her body, and to find that her people are being used for food seems to be the final finishing blow.
“What?  All of them?”  says Blight, “You must be really hungry or something.  Wait a minute Al Prod’s don’t eat..”
Cement throws the chair fiercely at Blight’s head.  Blight blocks the blow and countered with one of his own but not in time to see Cement's leg kick out his feet from under him as Blight falls to the ground.  The leg of the chair is broken off and Cement jabs it at the fat auctioneer, who screams, but Magnolia knocks him out of the way.
Shouts of dismay fill the compartment.  “I told you she was lunar, attacking her master like that, a few wires crossed if you ask me.”
“Scrap her!”
“The King!”
Blight gets up and waves the hands away.  "Here fat man, have a ruby."  He scoops out a nice sized jewel from the bucket and tosses it at the auctioneer.  The people cheer.
The auctioneer, sweaty and backing up, greedily shows a few loose gaps from missing teeth, yells “SOLD!" and runs away.
“Hah the fool!  Thinking that glass ruby was real.”
“But King, it is.”
“What?  That would be worth….  a year’s Executive pay, at least.  You’re joking right?”
The people dance, dance, dance.

***
Cement looks visibly shorter the next day, short and wide, thick and stocky, but by all means still pretty.  Staring at a mirror, her face squints until a sexy scowl scourges over her lips, seemingly even when in the worst of grace she still radiates the beauty of the female race, with her eyes dancing, a rose on wings, and her long radiant hair that grows back every morning no matter how short she cuts it.
“Damn this wenches body!  Will my head always be towering above the treetops, in the clouds, when it should be close to the ground?”  Cement growls changing into a bland shirt and pants, fit for any size, still refusing to wear a dress.
“Why fight it?  You will never look like you once were, just accept your fate and then you will know peace, besides, you have a gorgeous body, with beautiful well-crafted breasts…”  Cement kicks Bane.  The two struggle for a moment, Cements fists bouncing off Bane’s metal frame, Bane’s voice, a low sputter of emotionless sounding humming which had become associated as his laughter, so shallow from the hearty bellows of before.  Magnolia, hearing the commotion and rolling into the cabin they share, pulls them both apart with ease. She, being a maid, has been given all of the strength it seems, needed to lift heavy furniture and carry numerous objects, she has become very strong.
“Stop this senseless bickering!  We need to talk.”
“I was complimenting Cement on her appearance.”  says Bane.
“Goose dung fill your pockets, demon pee your cup, you man of no conscience!  Go work on a rotten tooth, go pull some ass hemorrhoids out of your mouth.”
“Now stop it both of you.  Remember what is at stake if we fail, shall we proceed?”  With no further objections Magnolia’s body folds inward, pulling in and closing her extensions and lowering the top half of her body backwards.  Her spine dividing on hinges so that her back rests on her “horses rump” with her eyes staring upwards at the ceiling.  This is her most relaxed posture since she can’t sit or lie down.  Cement sits on the floor and Bane spreads his extensions out like the legs of a spider and crouches down.
“War among these savage people seems to spread like brush fire, as if they know little else except how to horde a hatred of each other, they do not realize that this is what the Mosquito Man feeds upon, each day he grows stronger, they do not know what hell they are creating.”  While she is talking Magnolia absently opens up one of her compartments and a thin hose spirals out, slinking like a snake to Cement’s shoe and vacuuming up a small clump of dirt there, she continues,  “ We must crush his evil before it spreads.  Our only hope lies in finding the first tree.  Only the tree of knowledge can contain him.”
Bane cuts in, “Whatever the case I believe the actions of the Mosquito Man will force these people to rise against him but by then it may already be too late, for as we all know he is not life, he is against it, and may the gods help us when he turns the tree into an evil thing and opens the gateway to hell, once that happens all the worlds perish.”
Cement visibly sighs and shakes her head, she speaks up, “These people that we are with, these riders of the clouds, their hearts may soon wither from the Mosquito Man’s disease, they are isolated from the world, an island in the storm, yet that could prove their undoing.  He will come here to feed, simply because they are peaceful, they can still dream and smile and do without the world below.  He will not make the same mistake as before, this pocket of resistance, can grow, can threaten his chokehold.”
After a moment of silence Magnolia speaks up, “Yes, but now we are alone, our hope lies in making allies, and Blight is now their king.”
“May god vomit save them.”
“There is more to that man Blight then meets the eye, he just needs some time.  He can prove to be a pillar for his people if he will just awaken from whatever nightmare he is in," says Magnolia.
"Also remember," says Cement, "we are not alone, we have my people with us, and who knows how many more wait to be freed, there is hope!  There has to be!”

CHAPTER 31 DEAD KING GAY QUEEN
back to top

It is tough being a man again, much less King, not a machine.  Blight is left much on his own to puzzle through and pick at the brain of Eaven through his guitar, on a portal display wall, not trusting visors to connect with Mindville.
The people here, friendly, inspire a softer side of Blight and grow roots in him.  He will even be happy being a rag boy and swabbing the deck for all he cares.  For the first in a long time he feels like he belongs somewhere, this is his family now.  I can be happy here, he thinks.
He practices every day on his guitar and can now play ‘Stick to Stone’ to the joy of the children of the sun who request he play it every night at dusk.
He sleeps in a hammock in his small cabin, when, just rising, one of the elders enters the cabin in trousers and bare chested takes a seat across from Blight.
“My lord you make us all proud, as only pure music can, our salads are now dressed where before the croutons were crumbs stuck in the rotten cavities of our gums.  Our prayers have been answered, and we are no longer leaderless and, now more than ever we need you, like the butt in butter and the turkey for each poultry chicken door,” he says, then adds, “and ass.  For we are falling into very dark times.  We have escaped much, being away from the ground dwellers, yet we are not a fully sustained community, we thrive on trade and we have many brothers and sisters who live on the ground who we freely trade with and who now are seeking sanction from a new threat.  The man who calls himself the Mosquito Man, one mean dadio, who it is said, has answered the riddle of our creators and can tamper with nature, giving life, mutating and changing it, yet now he has gone too far.
He has sent an ultimatum to the cities, demanding three children for every thousand to be delivered to him, to turn into God knows not, and join his ever-growing army.  Some cities have refused; they now lie in ashes.  You dig?  No jazz.  We are already harboring more refugees then we can handle, and soon the Mosquito Man will turn his eyes upward and demand our children.  What shall be done rainbowed one?”
Blight and the elder, Bluegrass, smoke a cigar, and brainstorm with the council.
Blight keeps seeing little squiggle lines in his vision, they crisscross each other and dance over the faces he stares at.  His eyesight has deteriorated greatly.  He will have better than perfect vision if they connect him back to the network, but he is not ready for that, not yet, even though he will be free of anyone’s control this time.
Blight strolls through the crowded corridors to the lab where he meets an attractive nurse and gives her his pee cup.  His business done he opens the rear door and almost falls off the ship before he realizes that the floor is being redone.  Some of the construction team, like circus acrobats, move in a rhythm all their own, as like spiders in their webs they skillfully climb and dance around the opening while working.
They are preparing for war.  He has stated his opinion, on the direct mind line, channel, “Your all are crazy to get involved.  To raise arms against this monster is suicide.  It will overtake you.  It will be the end,” but these people are just so stuck in their melodies or, more likely, high on their mind stims and drugs that they hold no fear.
War, but this time he has something worth saving, worth fighting for, it is in the faces of these people, they have adopted him to be their king, with love and full trust.  He will not let them down.
Sanity has its limits… but insanity, almost like a gift from the gods, is an infinite creative journey with an infinite number of destinations, and he will be the first to admit, he sails on a crazy ship of fools.
They are relying heavily on the consul of the three AL Prod's.  It is easier to fathom that they are spinning a web of deceit and lies than telling the truth, and yet, they believe them.
They still search for the ancient presence who travels the network, seemingly popping up at random.  Blight cannot doubt part of their story, he still has the scar on his head to prove it, it is insane, but as time passes he begins to remember more clearly.
He reinstalls the chip of his old office to the network.  It is empty now but he likes to visit it, he sees how the three of the outsiders spent their time while trapped in the room, they planted gardens, carved statues from the stone and read and wrote notes from the accessible books.
The first rule in combat is to know your enemy.  Together they decided to send out a small raiding party and discreetly capture a few of the demons.
They have been busy converting their ships for war and crafting new weapons in the hastily put together armories.  Three new ships are under construction and the AL Prod’s have taken a distinct liking to one of them to liberate the urchins and recruit them in the war effort.
Against all scientific research which says that urchins are incapable of thinking.  Yet how many of them are there?  Could be millions.  Cement can roughly communicate with them in pig language.
On the secured newsreel, a pirated channel for executive and underlings only, he watches, is a reel of the grand prize winners of the devil’s run contest, winning the reward to run the corporations whole control department, but it is found out to be an team of urchins.  They say it was an error in the system and now only want them for dinner.
Blight, trouble sleeping, his mind trapped in a killer’s body relives some of his past, harsh nightmares, he knows are real, victims dying at his hand again and again.  In the dark he listens to his heartbeat, the rhythmic ticking of his steel organ, and he finds peace and comfort in its song, singing of life.  There is a pounding from below, it blends into his heartbeat, meshing in an intricacy of a beautiful melody.  As he gets up to go to the door, his footsteps creak on the floor of the cabin, adding more music to move him.  Perhaps these people are rubbing off on him, he thinks.  He cannot escape the song of life that has been playing all around him this whole time, only now he is listening.
At the door is one of the elders, his face shaken and his lips quivering.  “King,” the man says, “We have one of them, one of the living dead, it was found raiding one of the graveyards below by some of our men, and they brought it here.”
Blight hurriedly dresses and asks the man to lead the way, and his feet rap tap tapping all the way.
Blight stares at the once human prisoner behind the bars of the safety room.  Its body is in the final stages of decomposing, though it still moves by some mystery, still alive if it can be called that, its walk, a dragging slow like shuffle, its arms groping for something it cannot find.  The creature’s teeth barnacle out of its mouth; he can see almost three rows of the viscous fangs emerging from its split jawbone and its eyes, when open, shine in a deep yellow hue.
The most striking thing and animated part about it though, are its horns, more like feelers, that emerge from its temple.  They are a foot long and translucent in some areas with small black spots, they wiggle, back and forth, like a cat’s tail, sometimes caressing the creature’s face like a lover’s touch.
“This thing,” says Doctor Ground, the leading scientist of the community, “Seems to feed only off of blood,”  he points to the remains of what was once a cute, furry animal.  “We must obtain an urine sample.”
“What is your fascination with urination?” asks Blight.
“Although the creature’s body is rotting it still lives, why is this?  We are dealing with something new, we must see what its body responds to and rejects so we can learn what controls it, and maybe what will destroy it.”
When Blight returns to the safety room, he inspects the computer logs to see if any more progress is made concerning their dead prisoner.  “Have you been able to obtain a urine sample yet?” 
“We believe so.”  Says Dr. Ground.
“You’re not sure?” asks Blight.
“Well about an hour ago we noticed some dribblings from the creatures nose and were able to obtain them.  What we believe is only theory but we think its horns are the only living thing about it now and that the creature’s extracts its wastes through its nose.”  A knocking on the door interrupts their conversation.  It is the nurse.
“King Blight,” she speaks, her voice frail and fragile like a butterflies wing, “I fear I have some more distressing news to haunt your ears.”  Blight turns and looks at her.  Her delicate chin is raised up as if daring a blow and her eyes are glassy, her skin dull green compliments her woven grass straw dress.  “It may not be true, our analysis is sometimes misleading, first tell me, tell me that you never have been so ill fated to smoke a cigar laced in radioactive chemicals.”
Blight shrugs then says, “I smoked maybe a dozen, but they were desperate times, calling for desperate measures, do the means justify the ends?  Would I still be here today if I hadn’t acted the part I was built for?  Who can really say?”
Real tears fall from the nurse’s weeping eyes now, and she draws Blight close and hugs him, clenching tight to his body.  “They make those things for people who want to die.”  She says, “If you smoke one you have about a one in three chance of obtaining a total brain mutation, where there is no cure.  Smoke a dozen?  Is your life worth such a gamble that you would throw it away so easily?  Now when we need you the most you are going to be lost to us.  Your brain has become radioactive your lungs soaking in its residue your whole body has begun changing.  Your time here is very temporary, you must do something for us though, before the pain becomes too great, go back online, back to Mindville, it will help ease the pain not only for you but also for us.”
A woman charges in suddenly, Cement, bucket in hands, busts through the door of the safety room.  The creature’s horns are rapidly ‘sniffing’ the air now, but before it can move Cement throws the contents of the bucket on the creature.
It falls.
They all watch as its horns wither and melt into slime from what must of been some type of acid.  The creature’s body, rotten as it is already, falls apart as if the strings holding onto it are suddenly released, and it now has two quarter sized holes in its forehead.
“Foolish humans!”  Spits Cement.  “Don’t you know anything about the zombies?  The living dead?  They can communicate over great distances, with their minds.  By now they know all about us, our location, our number, everything.  And they will hunt us all down now until we become like this poor soul or worse.”
“What was that you poured on it?”
“Salt water.  You baptize the unholy in salt water and it releases their soul to rest in peace.  Now you must burn the body.”
“We will,” says Blight, troubled, he goes to meditate.
They consent to allow the band of off-worlders borrow one of the slowest rag tag warships.  It is big and bulky and too slow to maintain the pace of the armada and is really just meant to hover in the spot it’s anchored to.
The off-worlders will need a pilot.  Someone from control in Mindville that can handle such a big responsibility in real time to fly and run all the ship functions in the pilot’s booth with no over rides.  Rather than send one of his people out on the free urchin crusade, he has another, perfect candidate in mind.
At the christening goodbye ceremony of the slow war ship Blight gives a little speech, “As almost all the men here know, my AL Prod sleeper is hot, the sun behind the clouds themselves, however she is much more than just a hot piece of ass.  She refuses to sleep with any man claiming she is in all actuality a male dwarf warrior.  She wants to free her ‘people’ the urchins to help aid us in our battle against our foe.  So be it.  Therefore I Christian this ship after her, from now on it shall be called the Gay Queen.  May she free her people and live up to her name.  May she sing true!”
“May she sing true!”  The crowd shouts back, then Blight, standing on a gang plank, breaks a bottle against the hull of the ship and watches as the broken glass fragments fall downward into the swirling mass of clouds below.
Blight shakes hands with the small party of twenty urchins and three Al Prods, Magnolia, Bane and Cement, who boarded her, laughing at Cements growing discomfort as people start shouting “Hail Gay Queen!”  She looks down as if asking for patience and to say ‘why?’ but then breaks into a smile, “Our paths will cross again soon, with many more hands to link us together to the Earth’s Rook of bare Bone.  Thanks Blight, may the gods bless you!”
The gang plank is lowered, the gravity beams reversed, and The Gay Queen begins to drift away.  She will cruise on autopilot to their destination, a small prison facility along the coastline, then it will be all up to them.  They can fire their weapons manually if they have too, and Blight is very much impressed with the progress of the urchins who prove they can learn.  They are able to speak a little, and some said ‘Bye’ and ‘Thanks’ to him. He has seen them begin Martial Arts training.  Could they fight and use weapons too?  He can just imagine what they will be able to do, once fully trained and armed.
Blight lets loose his battle cry and the balloons are released to float away in a cloud of multi-color.  Alongside the ship, Blight plays his guitar.
 
CHAPTER 32 HUNGER SWELLS
back to top

The hover craft, on autopilot behind them, blocks most of the laser fire, taking the brunt of the attack.  Between flashes lighting the night up like lightning, they can see smoke issuing out of the damaged vessel, as it begins swerving, veering off course. The Doctor, a mad man hunched over the controls, is too busy to notice, steering a crooked course towards the distant shore, with Morge and Nurse Sweet Pea tucked in back like sardines.  All of Dr. Cabal’s equipment fills most of the passenger space.
Morge scans behind them for pursuit, nothing, just the lone hovercraft following them as best it can fifty paces behind them.  “What’s aboard her,” Morge says pointing.
“Nothing, just the food rations, a few months supply of mini weenies.”  Says nurse Sweet Pea.
“So where’s the explosion?  What are you all waiting for, permission?  Blow them away!”
“I couldn’t let him do it,”  says Nurse Sweet Pea, “I deactivated the bomb on board, but I also sabotaged the spare hovercrafts so there won’t be any pursuit, I just couldn’t let those people die.”
“It is no wonder then that you are a nurse, for your care of life runs deep in your heart, but perhaps you could of given some thought and care to our lives, now that we are being bombarded by the people you have saved.”  grins Morge slowly and ruffles her hair, “You mad, mad woman you!”  Nurse Sweet Pea squeezes his thigh.
They reach land and keep heading north, hovering over the ice covered ground, going farther and deeper into the heart of the Beartic circle.
From the look outside the windows, a heavy storm is brewing.  Snow and ice repeatedly strike the windows, to fall down the no stick texture, yet it does block visibility, and the doctor has to rely on the on board computer more and more.  
Morge stares behind him where the other hovercraft should be, the one with the food in it, the storm is too dense and thick making zero visibility and he can’t find it.  Suddenly the computer picks up a coded channel, the doctor keys in to decipher it, a message comes out, “Hovercrafts are fixed, now in pursuit of runaways.”
The reply is, “shoot to kill.”
They hole up in a cave they found, resting and waiting for the pursuit to give up.  The food never made it.  They wait in hunger, with only two cans of beans among themselves, and only then because they are part of the doctor’s next experiment. Yet grudgingly, he gives them up.
It has been two days now, and pursuit has finally given up, Morge desperate with hunger, stares at Nurse Sweet Pea longingly, staring at her breasts… hungrily, mouth watering with drool, he eyes her breasts lovingly at the pea pod vine growing there.
He pats her butt playfully then says, “How about a pea for me?”
She gasps and stares wide eyed at him  “I thought you knew me better, these pea pods are more than just food, they are my children, the seeds to my inner being and they will not serve as a fleeting moment’s satisfaction, to be consumed before they even have a chance to live.”
“How about served with some butter then?”  smiles Morge, cupping one of her giant breasts gently, while the other hand carefully gropes for where the pea pod vine cuddles nestling around her two plump and rolling nipples.
“Can I just suck on one of the pods, just a small taste to wet the tongue?”
“How dare you,” she slaps him, pushing him away, “These are my body!  How dare you!”
Morge looks deep into nurse Sweet Pea’s eyes, “Please I want some peas… please?”
“Never!” she cries.  “I will not be so violated!  No one will murder and devour my children!”
“Give me those peas!” he, mad with hunger, raves.
Nurse Sweet Pea staggers out of his hold and runs into the four man tent sobbing.  The doctor, witnessing the whole event, calls Morge over and says with a whisper so faint Morge’s heartbeat almost drowns it out, Dr. Cabal says  “She’s got to sleep sometime…”
Morge gives him a knowing wink.
Morge awakes, dreaming of bounties of food, and peers at his surroundings, Nurse Sweet Pea is no where to be found.  He goes outside where it is still daylight, the days being longer here, and finds her, lying on an checkered red and black blanket, she lays with her bare breasts exposed and the precious pea pod plant soaking in the rays of the sun.  With only one thought on his mind he softly kneels down before her.  His hand reaches out so carefully, he almost has hold of the vine, when she stirs and moves, his hand accidentally rubs against her breast, waking her startled.
“Oh honey,” she whispers, “your touch ignites my fire, tell me dear,” she says looking him straight in the eye, “do you fear the flames?”
Morge shakes his head no,  “Only when my wood is burning and my marshmallow gets burnt,” he mutters then rolls over.  He brushes his hand lightly against her face.  She kneels and she presses into him, so that her pea pod bush is inches from his face.  It looks tantalizing and delicious, Morge breaks into tears.  “Stop teasing me.”  He cries, his stomach shivering from drool forming inside his mouth.
“Am I doing something wrong?”  asks Nurse Sweet Pea.
“No it’s not you, it never was you,”  He bends over, a broken man, “it’s your pea bush.”
“Is that all you want?” she says sobbing,  “Are you just using me for my peas?”
She takes off, crying, clutching her pea vines close to her chest.
Morge goes into the tent where Dr. Cabal sleeps snoring.  He wiggles into a sleeping bag and is about to douse the light when he hears the  humming of the hover craft engine start up, alarmed he jumps out and runs outside.  Too late.  Nurse Sweet Pea is already sealed in and locked up.  She pushes on the accelerator, and leaves them stranded there, alone, and  marooned in a sea of frozen white.  Morge can almost taste the peas that now he will never have.
Dr. Cabal awakes with the ranting and ravings of a mad man.
“Gone!  Gone, Gone, Gone!  Everything, all my equipment, all of my valuable notes and tools, all gone!”
Morge goes outside to where Dr. Cabal is standing, shaking his fist at the sky.
“Well doc, this plan, I do not think it is working,” says Morge, "The other hovercraft has to be around here somewhere.”
“Yes, yes, we will find it, but..” said Dr. Cabal and he begins crying, “What happened?  What went wrong?” he shakes his head in defeat and then says, “Well, there is nothing left for us here.  Break camp, we are leaving.”
They march on in solitude, in silence, and in the damn cold.  Morge feels as if his tongue is frozen.  His lips are like hotdogs Velcro-ed to his mouth and he only has to peel them off to rid himself of the discomfort, he can’t count how many digits of his fingers he can feel and both feet are numb.  Still they plod on, like cows to the slaughter house.
The only thing Morge has to judge the passage of time is the color change of Dr. Cabal’s head.  Right now, his ears and nose have gone from a deep red to a blossoming purple.  Morge and the doctor are slowly stumbling along, almost to a dead crawl.  Yet there is still hope in Morge’s stride, never mind that there are only valleys of white wherever they look, that they are starving and freezing to death, that they are probably going in circles cause their leader, Dr. Cabal, is a loon, he refuses to give up.
Crawling together, side by side, Morge, strikes up a conversation, “What’s that quote, something like ‘a man will walk a hundred times before he learns to crawl’, do you think they are saying that eventually all men must crawl, like we are doing now?”  The Doctor, scarf frozen around his mouth, makes what sounds like a muffled scream, before falling over, head first on the icy ground.
The doctor moans.
Morge pauses for a moment, thinking of what would be the best course of action, should he drag the doctor behind him, or abandon him?  Either way is just as good as the other.  As Morge is deciding, the aches and pains return to him, and he too, falls down sprawled out onto the frozen ground.
Something wet and warm was washes over Morge’s face.  It is hot and sticky.  And what was that smell?  Something nasty, something rancid, blowing into him like the breath of a rotten corpse’s bloated and exposed stomach.  Morge awakes with a start and sees a beast hovering over his head, panicking, he rises to his feet before noticing it is a dog, a big, fluffy, furry lovable dog, with the worst breath Morge has ever smelt.
It's tongue wagging has been slobbering over his face, Morge realizes, and as he watches the drool be sucked back into the dog’s mouth, his thirst and hunger mount.  He wonders how dog tastes raw.
It is a Saint Bernard dog with a collar holding a small barrel.  Morge quickly hastens towards it, it is a jug full of booze.  Morge twists off the lid and sucks it down, before nearly gagging.  The spirits fill his insides with war like warmth and leave his throat burning like logs in the fire.  Dr. Cabal, who is laying in the same crunched up position as before, begins to stir awake.  He sits up abruptly when he sees the dog and Morge passes him the miniature keg.
“Should we eat him,” asks Morge.
“No, don’t you see!  People must be close,” says the doctor, “Chances are he will lead us right to them.”
“What are we waiting for?  Lets get a move on!” says Morge excitedly.
They walk along the winter wonderland while the dog wags his tail and struts on like a king, bathing in all the praise Morge and the doctor can muster.
“Good boy!  Gonna take us home?  Gonna take us to see your people?
“Good boy!”
They rise over the crest of a hill, staring down at the winter landscape below.  For a moment nothing registers as unordinary, but like shadows in the dark, Morge notices white clothed figures moving amongst what must be a small town.  Morge points and Dr. Cabal looks, “I see nothing,” he says, “You must be seeing a mirage, quite common…”  That’s when they are grabbed from behind with knives held at their throats.  They are quickly and silently subdued and bound, and lead down to the village.
A small parade is forming behind them as they pass the people pause in their skinning animal hides and sharpening spears, all under white veils which poke out of the ground on sticks to cover and blend them in their surroundings.  Halfway through town, Morge smells the faint whisper of something cooking, something that smells good.
“Smell that?”  he says to the doctor, “Know what that smell is?”  He is bonked on the head.  Sure enough, as they stop in front of a large tent, out steps a large man, cloaked in white, munching on mini weenies.
“Where did you get those mini weenies?” Morge says, shoving off the guards behind him.
“You mean these?”  says the round faced, heavy set man, “Oh they were a gift from the gods.”
“Gift nothing, those are our mini weenies and we want them back.”  There is something funny about the man, he has a hidden gleam of intelligence beneath his eyes.
“You can rant and rave about them all you want,” the man says, “No one here besides me will understand you.  I am the only educated person here, these people took me in after a shuttle crash and made me their leader.”
“The only thing saving you, at this moment, is that curious mark you have around your eye, the crescent shaped one, they are afraid to harm you in case you are a god.”
Morge knows where he got that mark, it was the scar left from where the eye visor was connected.
Morge stands tall, and lets the scarf around his head fall to the ground unrevealing Mr. Tibbs the cactus.  “I am a god," he says, “Now give me some of those mini weenies.”  The people around him back up and drop to their knees bowing low, “Moon Cactus,” they say in low hushed tones of praise.  Then louder and louder “Moon Cactus!  Moon Cactus!” till the whole village is in an uproar chanting.
The big man smiles and stepping aside slaps Morge's back bidding them entrance into his tent.

CHAPTER 33 NAKED BEFORE CHAOS
back to top

Running on autopilot, flying high on board the Gay Queen, Magnolia stares down at the changing landscape below, saddened by the lack of trees.  Beneath the bosom of the moon and warmth giving sun they travel, as the nights and days slip away slowly; they pass them with constant drills and weapons practice.  They train together turning the warcraft into an elite fighting machine.  Finally, they reach their destination,  Meats and Treats Inc., where urchins are breed, grown, and processed into pocket sized, individually wrapped, packaged meat slices.  Prepared to go in, the weight on their hearts matches the gravity anchor they activate to Earth, knowing if they make a mistake, it will be annihilation, not just for them, but for all nine worlds.  Also, they pray to the tree and rock, hoping the magic craft they ride in is right this time and they are not about to storm another quickie mart.  They anchor to the Earth’s shore.
Mistress Pants is on the conveyor belt leading to the entrance of Meats and Treats when it suddenly stops.  She is still a good mile away from the building, glancing at her watch, she continues to tap her foot against the walkway, her busty bosom and ass wobble as her stomach cries out growling and she silently curses, waiting.  A few moments later the repair Al Prod comes into view.
“Bout time you got here, Where’s the cart?  What do you expect me to do, ride on your back?" she laughs, "Stupid machine, can't you speed it up?”
“Meats and Treats is closed.”  Magnolia says sweetly.
“What?  What’s wrong?”  Mistress Pants says, eyes wide and gasping.
“Your taste.  Here suck on this.” Says Magnolia opening her utility compartment and out she slides a hose, fast it slithers with suction and tightens around Mistress Pants’ nose and mouth before exhaling a gas and Mistress Pants crumples to the floor.  Magnolia carries her back to the shuttle.
“Nice sized blueberry, damn near pretty face,” says Bane.
“Yeah, when she’s not picking her teeth with bones of people.”  Says Cement.
“How soon till you think you can duplicate her appearance?”
“Thanks to the booster, in just under an hour I will become Mistress Pants.”  Even as Cement says that her face is changing, like a sculptures clay, eyes are becoming wide like wishing wells and smile, small and tight, as refreshing as the morning mermaid’s mist.
When the transformation is complete, Cement puts on Mistress Pants’ clothes taken off her body, the little people from the urchin auctioneers surrounding the now naked Mistress Pants, her protests quickly silenced from their cow prods, while they tie her to the bow of the ship.
They arrive at the security gate, Cement smiles at the guard, bending down in front of him to straighten her stocking, and slowly moving her curves in a rhythm to give birth to lust her ass squeaks in skin tight black leather of temptation she speaks sweetly, “I’m here to purchase the urchin who won at the games.”
“Sure thing Mistress Pants, only who’s that you got with you?”
“This is my AL Prod, Doc... um.... Howdy, it will check the physical condition of the urchins I purchase, examining teeth and what not.”
“Well, ok, but here at Sweet Meats we pride ourselves on the condition of our meats, you won’t find anything wrong, I assure you.  Now how will you like your Urchin?”
“What do you mean?”
“He has already been scheduled for termination, do you want him raw, rare, honey roasted?”
“Take me to him, now!”  growls Cement.
“Ok,” says the guard giving a sly wink and a grin, “you want to watch Chaos in action.  We might still be able to catch it, this way.”

***
Kettle’s cage is small and tight, confining him to sit on his knees.  All day long brownish slop travels through the cage into a container like trough for Kettle to eat, he can’t hide it anywhere, and if they find any uneaten, their punishment is severe.  He has seen some of the other urchins, so fat they can hardly move, heads ducked low and body twisted like a honey bun, that will not happen to him.  He has a plan.  First he has to escape.  Having won the devil's run competition did not change a thing.
He still can’t believe that mankind has dismissed his achievement as a fluke.  They locked them all back up again, refusing to listen to their arguments, only saying that urchins have no rights.  How can they be so wrong?  He feels despair comforting him.
They rarely move the urchins, but when they do it is through the maze way ‘gutters’, small caged tunnels that are opened and closed from the outside by sliding boards though the slots.  His slot opens.
As the electric prods nip at his heels behind him, he crawls faster, grateful to finally be able to stretch out his limbs.  He hears the familiar call of his brother Germ and Daisy somewhere behind him.  As he crawls through the gutters, hearing screams and laughter and a roaring cry, not knowing the source, except that he nears it with each step, he smiles at each of the little people he passes.  He stops crawling behind a pudgy urchin, his brother and sister behind him, all waiting in line, patiently, for the opportunity that only comes once in a lifetime, death.
Kettle thinks patiently of the past, the hardships he has overcome, and finds strangely that he feels at peace with himself.  He has made the most of it, if it is to all end, he will simply accept it, he says the same prayer he had said a thousand times, “Please guide me so that I may better serve you, Bless you, I love.”
He hears the roaring sound draw nearer and the screaming end abruptly.  The wooden slab is drawn out and the pudgy urchin in front of Kettle is pushed forward into, Kettle glimpses before the slab is replaced, an arena.  He can’t see the Monster they call Chaos, the last thing so many urchins ever see. The roaring begins again and Kettle is glad his bowels are empty.  His plan may keep them alive a little longer, but he faces the reality and knows, there is slim chance of it succeeding, but still keeps the faith.  The slab opens, and Kettle issues forward, out of the small gutter maze and into a large arena.
“Don’t worry boy,” says the guard behind the steel linked fence, “he won’t mess with your body, he just likes to chew on the useless part of an urchin, its head.”
On the other side of the arena stands Chaos.  He is a freak of nature, a mighty ox of a man, towering close to sixteen clicks tall, his body the size of a large oak tree trunk, and his huge head rests on his shoulders like a large jack-o-lantern, housing a gaping mouth with large pointy teeth parting his lips in a wild blood stained grin.  He spits out a head and picking the body of the unfortunate pudgy urchin up, with one hand engulfing the body, he places it on a conveyor belt.  He moves his powerful arms up, flexing his muscles and hollers in a deafening roar.
To the cat calls and jeers of the guards above, watching on the observation deck, Kettle carefully and quickly undoes his loin cloth like he practiced over and over and standing naked, he runs to the far side of the arena, his legs creaking their protests from being caged, and in mid stride he bends low and scoops up a medium sized skull placing it in the groin section of his loin cloth he suddenly turns and faces the mountain of flesh and muscle creeping closer to him.
  Kettle stands naked before Chaos, not wavering or cowering.  He twirls his loincloth, faster and faster, till it hums, parting the air around it.  Chaos charges, his arms outstretched, and his face a mask of rage.  Kettle, his loin cloth whirling very fast now, flicks his wrist and the skull shoots out, faster than the eye can see it finds its mark, and the giant’s head snaps back and he falls forward.  The hurtled skull knocking him out, Chaos crashes to the ground.
Yells of rage, dismay and fury rain down from the observation deck.  Kettle stands alone in the open room, feeling the eyes of the guards prodding his skin, he quickly finds another skull and backs into the corner, waiting.  The observation deck’s stairs extend down, Kettle knows what is coming next and prepares for it, only what happens isn’t what he expects.
Three guards tumble down the stairs, their hands and feet tied like cattle, they bump and roll down while a lady and a medical Al Prod cautiously make their way down.  The lady, holds a loaded crossbow, and the Al Prod, a current of fast moving appendages, approaches.  They step over the guards, who’s grunts and curses are silenced by the gags they wear.  Chaos begins stirring.
The lady briskly walks up to Kettle, keeping her eyes trained for any possible activity above, and she says, “You are as brave in spirit as you are learned of mind, You are a pillar, a King,  gather up your people, for today they shall rise free.  Now go!”
Bane stands over the giant Chaos, a small pile of extracted teeth on the ground next to him, Chaos moans and then in agony he wails, his hands groping to first his forehead and then his mouth, where his bloody gums are raw and empty.  He scrambles to the far corner as little people, of all size and shape crawl out of their cages, free.
Chaos, cries and whimpers while the little people, hundreds, all but ignore him.  To be able to walk upright, not to live in the shadow of death, to take a breath of air and finally live!  This is a price worth more than hurtling stones or bathing the floors in blood, a cheap way of mourning for caged longing, for when the sun’s rays shine on them again, they will rise with it, alive.  This is the beginning of a new era, the sun will rise again, and they will be riding it into the next horizon, today, tomorrow and the next.
They release their grief, singing, rejoicing, their chains broken.  All as one they yell, a shrill, deafening roar of caged fear and longing suddenly set free, their own voices taking control, rock the building.
Cement smiles as he watches his people help those who have trouble walking, even the ‘experiments’ of Urchin hybrids, laugh among their deformities, faces bright with cherry coating and dancing on pickle pig feet.  Kettle, the last one out with Cement, lights the torch and throws it into the complex, watching as the flames curl up the walls and the whole place ignites, with the gutters and maze ways licked clean by the flames, burning them to ashes.
Without looking back Kettle straddles the four legged vacuum cleaner Magnolia, looking like a true warrior on back of a Lion, together they travel to where one of the shuttles is waiting to take them away, to their home, the Gay Queen.

CHAPTER 34 ENSLAVED TO MADNESS
back to top

They receive the distress call too late, they know that when they see the floating coffin of the Daisy Train, Steal and Rob’s ship, burning.  It is in a slow downward spiral.  It is a wonder it is still able to levitate, with what looks like three of the four engines out.  Blight is the first one to board her.  His feet stick to the blood stained floor, leaving his boot marks on the dark congealed blood.
They were on reconnaissance, as are most of the smaller ships that make up the armada.  It looks like they found what they were after, or it had found them.  They search the ship, Rob and Steal are nowhere to be found.  The only thing left from them is their blood.
Repair crews board her to fix the ship, they have no close kin, but the Sun People need all the space they can muster.  The ship will be given to a new family, a new home, their gravesite, the ship their heart, will be honored and harbor a new family.
A muffled growl from the bowels of the Daisy Train breaks the silence, all as one they turn down below, the sound again.  Blight knows the source, with a cry he jumps down the stairs, from beneath the bed a blur of white, gray and black fur, jumps on Blight and licks his face.  It is Codeine, Rob and Steal’s wolf.
Blight hugs Codeine tight as the animal begins whining, very upset.  It spits out something at Blight’s feet.  Blight pokes at it with his sword, it looks like a red plump, bloody hotdog, but further inspection shows it to be a large red finger from a giant’s hand, with a black tusk nail.
“Rob and Steal?  Codeine?  Are they Alive?  Rob and Steal?”
“Yes, No, Yes, No” says Steal's recorded voice.
“Rob and Steal?”
Codeine whines again, wagging his tail.  “Yes, No, Yes, No”.
“Dead?”
“Yes, No, Yes, No.”
“Safe?  Home?” says Blight.
“No.”
An elder watching this speaks up, “They now bad?”
“Yes.”
There are gasps from those close enough to hear, and Blight’s head sinks down, shoulder’s slumped.  “Comfort this wolf,” he says.
The severed finger is placed in a jar.
Blight sheaths Light and Bright and sighs.  The first blood has been spilt, and what is worse than losing two good friends, is the knowledge that those men will know no peace, they are the living dead, and there is nothing he can do about it.
That night Blight wakes to screaming.  All the children of the sun are awake and crying.  “Our dreams!”  cries an elder when Blight goes out to investigate.  “Rob and Steal still sing the song!  Their souls, cry out for it, but trapped in torment!  They live in our night, terrors, the song is sung from rotting mouths!  The Great Song, turned to agony.  We all shared the same nightmare, how can this be unless it is true, they must be freed.  The song cries!  We must free them!  At all costs we must free them!”

CHAPTER 35 GRIN AND BEAR IT
back to top

Remember,” says Dr. Cabal, “you were the one who claimed to be a god, not me.”
“Yes, but that didn’t stop you from munching down on some mini weenies.”
“Listen Morge, you are my crowning achievement.  You are Moon Cactus.  You can survive this trial of gods, and who knows..”
At the ceremony, the king of the mutant Eskimos calls Morge to his side.  “Kneel before your tribe Moon Cactus.”
Morge kneels, and the king lifts up his hunting knife, and tapping Morge on the shoulders and head with it, bids Morge to rise.
“We bestow upon you this gift, it is much more then it seems, wear it and you will become one with us, a nomad, the whole land your home.”  The king’s daughter steps forward, her cheeks blush red, and with a skittish smile places a necklace around Morge’s head.  Morge studies the necklace briefly.
It is made of a burgundy colored fiber,  it fits tight around his neck.
“The necklace is your soul, right now it is plain and empty, the beads you earn as your soul matures and you become a man.”
“You do not understand now, but you soon will, all you need is a little push.  We are nomads, we call these wastelands our home, and now they are your home.  For you see, last night we loosed a polar bear from his habitat, he too wears a necklace, the twin to your own.  Soon you will feel the pull as he migrates, the pain grows the farther you are apart, if he wanders too far from you, your necklace will choke you and you will die.  If you retrieve your twin necklace you will save it for your bride so the two of you will never be apart.  So is our way”
“You can take one item with you on your hunt.”
Morge studies the items before him, most are weapons, yet Morge’s eyes fall on a slick dark green handle, he cautiously reaches for it, clutching it, he examines it in his hand.  It is a retractable, portable fishing pole.  He works the reel eagerly.  “I want this if I may,”  Morge says, then he begins to wince, the necklace choking him.
“Be off, and fare well Moon Cactus!”
Morge is allowed to wear a rather heavy ritual bath robe, with gold felt stars sewn on it in a clumsy attempt to mirror the heavens.  It is surprisingly warm.  All of the mutant Eskimos come out of their ice dwellings to watch him go, Morge clutches his retractable fishing pole and waves it at them.
“Go suck on some eggs,” he says when his back is turned, and he feels his windpipe being crushed.  The choker drags at him forcing each step he takes forward.
“Moon Cactus!  Moon Cactus!”  The people’s cheers follow him, with a foreign child-like accent, out into the white winter wasteland, till finally all he can hear is the howling of the wind.
Morge stumbles along, the slower his pace, the more the choker weighs on him, pulling him down, tightening around his neck, till he can only gasp for air.  He knows that if he were to fall the thing would suffocate him.  “Its got to sleep sometime,” he keeps telling himself.
Looking back over the ridge of small hills, it is as if the campsite of the nomads never existed.  There is only white.  White on white in every direction he looks, even his footprints are covered up by the wind and snow.  Guided by pain Morge trudges on.

***
The bear tracks are there all right, along with about a dozen others and drips of blood staining the snow red.  Someone has captured or killed his polar bear, Morge is sure of it.  Morge trods on not knowing what to make of the new events unfolding.  The pain is less so he knows that his game is close, but what happens if someone loads the bear up on a shuttle and flies him away?  Morge can just imagine his neck caving in and head exploding.  Or maybe whoever has the bear has taken off the homing device and discarded it somewhere saving him the trouble?  Weak and cold Morge follows the tracks knowing there is nothing else he can do, his ass is sticking out too far and his life is really at the mercy of his creator.
After the second mile, down a small rise, Morge knows that something is not right.  He finds a hand in the snow.  It is a human hand with a gleaming white bone jutting out, with yellow and red stained flesh surrounding it and long dark nails protruding from the fingers.  Tracking closely he continues.
* * *
Morge stares down from his perch on the cliff of the canyon.  Below him he can see a whole parade of dim figures moving in a slow stream.  He watches the spectacle unfold, large forms moving rickety among clumsy man sized figures that zig-zag in no apparent fashion.
“Civilization,” thinks Morge.  Maybe they are fur traders, or a scouting expedition, in either case he is sure that if he asks they would at least give him the homing device, releasing the choker tearing at him around his neck, and perhaps a little food to boot.  What can it hurt?  He is running out of options.  With his only possession, the fishing pole, tucked into his robe belt, he slowly and carefully makes his way down the side of the cliff.
Halfway down the stink reaches him, the rotten smell of decay so potent and pure it makes his whole insides twist, but the tension on his neck is almost gone, his polar bear is surely down there.  The cold is numbing his fingers, exposed to find the handholds, he can’t feel them anymore.  Reaching down, his hands rub against the cliff and slide, off balance, Morge tumbles down.  The last twenty feet smoother than a babies bottom he slides in a mid somersault and falls into powder accumulated at the bottom, over his head in the snow drift.
He is lost, struggling for air, he cannot get out, the more he fights and searches blindly, the further down he goes, the cold is everywhere, freezing icy touch of a snakes mouth swallowing him, covering him in numbing skin, squeezing him out through the tunnel tail like an egg sack, he is inhaling cold death.  He begins to drift away, the cold, now an old song playing in only his memories, tired he moves less and less, the scratch-scratch of the fallen snow almost silent now, with the ghostly sound of Heaven’s horn blowing, the grim reaper playing loud over the hi-5 of his mind.  It is repeated by another horn blast sounding very close.
Out of nowhere a new sound breaks free, the sound of crunching snow, and numb as his body is he can still feel hands grasping him, pulling him up and out, till his face clears the snow and the sunlight breaks free, adding no warmth but still heartwarming to gaze upon once more.
He turns to greet his saviors and his mouth hangs open choked on the word “Thanks”, Mr. Tibbs, suddenly awake screams, “Danger!  Danger!”  The bodies before him look like alien creations.  Their naked skin glows in a discoloration of bleached purple and thick yellow, on their heads long tentacle like horns sway slowly as if sniffing the air, licking at his face.  They are like shattered glass glued back together, but not with the same parts.
The one closest to him has a short arm gripping a blood-crusted horn and a larger one dragging on the ground.  But its eyes, its eyes have Morge mesmerized.  They have sunk into their heads, deep trenches filled with brightly glowing amber gem stones.
Unblinking eyes study him as if he is as much a mystery to them as they are to him.  Their horns reach out and surround the cactus on his head.  They lick it as Mr. Tibbs revolts in agony sending liquid fire down the veins of Morge’s head.  Morge doubles over in pain.  They mechanically, all as one, drag him out and crowd around him, not really hurting him, though he doubts he can feel anything with his near frozen body, but rather awkwardly they immobilize him so that he can’t move, kind of like being gently sat upon.
Their stench gags him till tears are in his eyes, their skin, so fragile, it rips off against his body, he flops around like a flounder, struggling to break free.  His teeth sink right in, but they don't mind.  He gives up.  Willing to sacrifice his turkey, his thoughts and time, hypothetically speaking, for his life, he gives that away freely.  Still they rip the methodical “turkey” from his soul, and also take his “pig” which is what he calls his pleasure and pain urges, a more physical and painful loss, and turn them against him.  He is trapped, physically, and spiritually.  Although a few of the rotting women, are naked for the most part with clothing torn and hanging off them in shreds, have deranged breasts puffed out and hanging low, nipple clusters, thighs open for interpretation, he is not sexually attracted but he is kind of curious as some of them bending the women over and fucking their face, ass and pussy, as if, a way of gathering and harvesting strength and energy, the women self run generators power the group, to move on without tiring,  they feed on each other, actually eating one another, hard core.
Bound, after a brief disorientation, arms behind his back he is forced to march.  He is not sure who they are but he calls them the moldy men.  Mr. Tibbs is not at all happy and sends jolts of pain every time they touch him.
As it turns out, finding the polar bear that wears the mating collar is easy, it is leisurely walking about fifty heads up.  Morge speeds up his own walking to get a closer look at them.  The moldy men do not seem to mind.  In fact they do not seem to have a mind; they bump into each other constantly while marching in the tight confines of the canyon and they bounce away like a pin ball game.  They seem to be following a homing beacon of their own, staggering back and forth but always in a northern direction.  Some sort of mind control maybe?
The moldy men have some losses of their own as the last few of them drag the corpses behind them. Still no expressions, only emotionless dull vacant looks.
They march on, only the wisp of shuffling feet marking the silence.  Morge notices that none of the moldy men have uttered even a single word since his arrival, he decides to cross the communication barrier.  “I come in peace,” he yells, then, “Take me to your leader!”  The sides of the canyon ruffle and small snow capped debris slide down the sides close to them.
Their horns flicker wildly at this, yet their unblinking yellow eyes do not register any thought or emotion.  One of the few ones wearing clothes, removes a sock showing what looks like mold cement welding the toes together.  A group of them fall on Morge, prying open his jaw, they shove the sock in Morge’s mouth and bound his jaw shut.  Morge gags in disgust and vomits inside his throat.  This registers negatively to Mr. Tibbs' analysis of the situation.
Mr. Tibbs is fully awake now but changed, as if now while Morge is gagging inwardly, his taste buds reeling in revolt from who knows what, and a prisoner of some kind to a band of rotting men, Mr. Tibbs is free to do as it pleases.  As if Morge is finally forced to listen to a bad song, only once through it does not sound so bad.  Perhaps he can learn something from the plant on his head.
Morge notices the moldy men, on the second day of marching, do not sleep or seem to tire.  He is rewarded with a heartwarming gesture when once out of the canyons, the sock is removed and Morge is even given something to eat.  At least that’s what he thinks the two strips of greenish yellow raw jerky flesh are intended for.  They still have not talked and Morge looking at their disrupted, uneven, bodies walking ahead of him, some twisting with each step, wonders again who they are.  Morge nibbles on the meat tenderly as he contemplates the mystery before him.
He finds out why they drag the bodies of their dead behind, a pair of wolves, caught on the scent, begin to follow them closely.  Morge watches in fascination as the moldy men move in to capture them.  He waits in anticipation for the strategy behind catching such great beasts.
It is a simple strategy it turns out.  A moldy woman lays down in front of the wolves’ path and with an even stronger musky rotten odor, she tempts the wolves closer.  Morge, the musty smell reaching his nostrils, vomits out the small amount of digested food he ate earlier, gagging.  The moldy woman allows the wolf to maul on her unmoving, body as they tear her apart.  The consumed woman, brains exposed, close enough to place her head against the wolves, grabs them.  To kiss?  Bite?  The wolf snipping in howls, squirms, thrashing.  The moldy men, begin to chant something sounding like “WHO WHO GOT YOU YOU GOT UGLY” in a hypnotically sounding rhythm, the moldy woman, as the wolf gnaws on her, she, most her face now a gorged out bloody cavity, Morge watches with a certain amount of admiration, as she hooks a strange collar around its neck.  It looks like a giant earthworm biting its own tail.  The wolf howls briefly in a shriek then follows along in the line, follows the lead.
Deep in the night a horn call echoes through the vast wastelands, repeated by another and they are joined by more and more parties of moldy men till their hunched over figures cover and pot mark the white landscape.  Wolves and bears and penguins, in a group together, all sway under the power of their new masters.  These new life forms  feed on the horizon, leaving a giant empty hole, a gaping wound, where once shined the sun.
On the horizon Morge sees, a perfect triangle, a pyramid, their destination, as it comes into view.

CHAPTER 36 HEART CHOKER
back to top

Walking into the middle of the courtyard, Morge yelps in surprise when a snowball strikes him dead in the face.  He turns and ducks and is pegged by two more, as many bundled up children run out of their snow forts and attack him.  They laugh gaily and freely, just like all children do when they’re having fun.  Morge stops and picking one of the bigger kids he asks, “Where am I?”
“On your way to see the Dark Widow, sucker!” yells the kid smacking him with another snowball, the moldy men, puke green veins bulging, prod him on and Morge approaches the entrance.
The pyramid is alive with activity and for a moment Morge is overlooked.  The rotten zombies all crowd together in a large pen.  Giant men, amazing to see a complete new species that has not been filmed on the geographic channel, at least yet, he thinks, admiring the color of their dried blood skin, twelve clicks high at least, step out of the shadows cursing in a rough hissing tongue, and herd the animals inside the gateway.  They, Morge included, he sees mankind, as he feels he, the only one here, represents, are given no favor or special treatment, they  are taken, ramp leading down, to an underground level.
It is all very disquieting, the air vibrates here, magnetic to his flesh, and Mr. Tibbs is feeling more alive than ever.  He looks out a vent and is surprised as suddenly shadows glide across the ground, looking up Morge sees winged men take flight.  Absorbed and trying to make out details, Morge is thus occupied when a large hand, out of nowhere, completely engulfs his shoulder.  Morge turns to look and sees a giant burgundy warrior, his face hidden behind a bone mask of red and blue, two black ivory horns protrude from out his head.  He growls and slaps Morge.
“Ouch!”
The red warrior slaps Morge again, hard, then twice more, Morge swears the man is smiling beneath his mask.  Not even bothering to search him, the giant creature slaps him across the face again hard and pushes him inside with the animals.  There is a clang as the gate crashes down.
Inside Morge has free reign of the underground domain, it is actually bigger then he at first imagined, with numerous pens holding all sorts of beasts.  Morge knows it is futile, but after a rapid search he finds the only exit is through the main gate he entered, and that is guarded, thick, and locked.  However, he realizes, his polar bear should be here somewhere.
He checks the necks of a dozen bears.  Morge is in luck; his polar bear is lying still and unmoving on a slab of rock inside the pen.  Small men, imps, is all Morgue could think of calling them, child sized winged demons, gone terribly wrong, their faces like golden raisins with plumbs for eyes and a prune mouth that they keep opening and moaning and moving up and down and closing.  They run this way and that around the large beast, operating.  The back of the bears hide is sealed with lubricant and they are working on installing scales into its back, with scab segments, and thick plates now protrude, growing in the scabbed openings in its flesh, out from the bear, forming a wide shield shell, growing out its back and chest.
Morge steps closer, indeed and true the homing device lay intact around the polar bears neck, with the red surgeons utterly absorbed by their work, too busy to pay attention, Morge squeezes in.
“Why,” Morge lies, “let me just check this one out for neck…,” he pauses, “… hemorrhoids…”  He reaches over to undo the collar, they both easily slip off, the locking mechanism opens when they touch, he unfastens them.
“Good work, keep it up.”  he says, pocketing the homing device, and walks out the side entrance.  Mission complete he searches for a place to rest, he is more exhausted then he thought he would be.  All of the pens are occupied by some sort of creature,  Morge, eyelids growing heavier, rests his head in a small heap of hay and lays down next to an abominable snowman hoping against hope that it will not try anything funny while he sleeps.
Awaking to the sound of steel ringing against steel, Morge jumps up fully alert, a reflex action, but then settles back down in the hay when he sees through the upper drain window that it is just a bunch of kids having a mock battle.  Yet how fascinating to watch.  These are no fake swords, quite lethal, and the children are doing a graceful dance that reminds Morge of the ruthlessness and deadly danger yet utter beauty and magnificent wonder of life and death, in and out they breathe in and out the art of nature, as they dance, weaving a living tapestry in and out of slashing swords.
At mid-morning the gate is opened and a pack of new animals are ushered in.  Morge glimpses the older tenant batch of animals as they are led outside, all answering the call of a shrill whistle, the large abominable snowmen, with giant teeth and hairy paws, and mounts with large bone plated backsides, and double headed wolves snarl and howl.
The gate stays open and a little girl, bundled in matching pink snow pants and coat, so that she looks like a miniature snowwoman herself, comes to greet him.
“The Dark Widow will see you now.”  She says and leads him away.
They climb stairs for so long that Morge thinks he is going to heaven.  The little girl just bounces along, he tries talking to her, but she only looks at him with caged laughter cringing her eyes and waves him follow.  Finally the girl pauses at the top of the staircase, there is a heart shaped door leading to a chamber.  She points, and he enters inside.
It is very quaint, yet all of his attention is swallowed by the large creature sitting on a high rise of pillows, Morge stares at the four armed, four legged Dark-Widow woman before him.  She sits on her large elastic like sack, a flesh-bag, her silky bottom, only partially covered up by her pink panties, reaching around her hairy thighs.  Morge stares at his wife.  “Hello Honey,” he says.
“You!” the Dark Widow’s voice ripples with amazement, a hunger, a lust.  “I thought you were dead,” she sighs, “consumed by some wealthy citizen,” even at a whisper her voice cannot conceal the anger, the hatred flowing beneath its surface.  “They took you away from me,” she says, “a delicacy to be eaten, that’s when I lost faith, that’s when I stopped believing, now I eat them.”  Her body ripples and a shimmering wave washes ashore and runs down her spine, “You must have met my children, so precious to me, I love them all.  This is a way station for them, they are sent here from all corners of the world.  My master, the Mosquito Man, he named me for what I am, the Dark Widow, for once I mate a man, he is forever doomed.”
“Something’s different about you dear,” says Morge, trying to find a nice way to say that in some areas she let herself go, “Did you change your hair?”
Rose Marie laughs sweetly, “Yes we have both changed for I am now one of the maidens of the Mosquito Man gorging on his blood, a demon fiending, and you, Son of Tree, Morge, are the Moon Cactus.  We have both changed a lot over the years I am sure, but tell me, are you still my husband?”
Morge leans over and kneeling, kisses one of her long slender finger hands, and simply nods his head.
“I fear that I have not been completely faithful my dear,” she says, “Look at the Mosquito Man’s army, at the strongest of his creations, there you will find my mates, and there you will lead them, for you have the power.”
Morge stares lovingly at his wife, her face is still the same as he remembers, a gem stone in a clear running stream.  She wears only see through thin negligée, tight with black lace hugging her many curves, squeezing at her eight plump breasts, four sheer magic bras fastened tight and hug them, a black fish net pantyhose runs up her thick four hairy legs, her plush pink panties stir as something moves, rummaging inside, beneath their depths.  He can see the thick muscles etched in her arms and thighs.
She opens up her first pair of legs just a little and Morge catches a quick glimpse of the patch of wolf fur shrouding her waistline before she closes them again tightly.  Her legs end in diamond shaped black nails covering her feet, across the room she digs them into the rock floor as she crawls, with seduction, closer to him.
Morge beams in a smile as she beckons him closer, she wraps her arms around his waist, her slender fingers undoing his bathrobe, which falls heavily to the floor.  After a quick search Morge enters her inner chamber and warmed to the touch, mutters, “It’s good to be home.”  For a moment they are one again, man and women, husband and wife.
Mr. Tibbs, feeling Morge’s pleasure, bombards him in a sensory overload of questions and won’t quit until Morge is spent, and relaxing with his wife.
“Your deep seed will be with me always now my love.”  Says Rose Marie, “But also my mutant DNA is rapidly spreading throughout your body now.”  she shuffles her body on top of the pillows.  “I never forgot,” she says, one razor tipped hairy hand reaching for her neck, she pulls at the blouse exposing her eight plump breasts loose and sore, move softly to the rise and fall of her breaths, she tears at a necklace of her own and throws it at his feet.  It is gold.  It is a gold finger.  “I never forgot,” she says again, more sadly.
Morge holds the necklace cautiously.  Examining it fully.  Knowing what it is exactly his throat lumps up and his eyes tear.  “I will always remember,” he says, adorning the gold finger necklace around his neck.
“I have a necklace for you too, my dear.”  Says Morge  He holds up the choker and walks the small spasm of steps leading to his wife, gingerly, inches from her angelic eyes shrouded deep in love and mystery, he snaps the necklace shut around her throat.  “We can still leave,” he says.
“You don’t understand,” says Rose Marie, “His blood feeds me, I need him now, I can never leave.
By the morrow’s morning you will be changed, my mate, your body is now a cocoon, you carry part of me inside of you.”
He turns and walks to the other side of the room, with a view of the white plains unfolding, he leans out the window sniffing the air.
Morge turns to his wife, “I love you.” he says, “I always have, you are my soul mate and now once separated we will never be apart.  I will not lose you, but not here, never here…”
From behind his back he pulls the portable retractable fishing pole, with speed he attaches the fishing hook to a ring on the handle of large dresser near the window.  On top of it is a wooden pig target with daggers stuck in it.
Holding the handle tight, with Rose Marie inches from him, he launches out the small window, madly clutching the fishing pole as it spools out the thick whale thread, and he repels down the side of the pyramid.
“You can’t escape your body!” she yells after him, “When you metamorphosis into your true self you will be back my love!”
Morge safely at the bottom, his fishing pole still hooked above and with nothing to cut the line, he is forced to abandon it.  He runs through the courtyard where the children play and to the pen of the large beasts of war.  Morge breaks the barn gate down with a crash from the side of his body and reaching for the nearest mount, a polar bear. He jumps on its back and digging his heels high into its rump, gallops away, scattering the small group of imps playing with a new subject.
About a mile out and with no visible sign of pursuit Morge, his stead effortlessly carrying him away south, works the homing device around his neck and it activates.  He can almost hear his lover’s shriek trying to fight the restraint, she will have to follow him now, and then maybe he can find a way to heal her.
Morge stares down at his hands, “I don’t recall them ever being so scaly,” he thinks.  His finger nails, they are growing thick and splitting the sides of his fingertips open. He feels his back in three different places as if it is being forced open and his spine is poking out his back in spikes, piercing skin.  He is rebuilding himself.  He has the bends and can barely hang on to the beast lumbering beneath him.
He rides into the camp as his beast rolls over from exertion.  The good Dr. Cabal is sitting by a fire, where the thin stream of smoke Morge, following, was birthed.  The Doc is roasting some mini weenies.  Looking up, he jumps to his feet.  “Morge!  You’re alive!  But what’s this?  You’re turning into a turtle?”
“Sick Doc,” Morge mutters, “Fix me..”
Morge’s long scaly arms are stretching out of the robe’s confines and hanging limp around his knees.  His teeth are reseeding inward and bones are poking from his back in weird angles and sharp spikes.  The doctor looks Morge over and asks, “What happened Morge?  Tell me about it.”
“I had sex with my wife,” says Morge his voice barely a whisper in-between gasps.
“Your wife?  How the.. no tell me later just this, did you use any protection?”  When Morge shakes his head no the Doctor’s brow deepens.
“I don’t want to be the one to tell you this Morge but I believe your wife has been sleeping around with some aliens where she most likely contracted a rare form of STD, which stands for sexually transmitted disease.  And now you.  Come I’ll fetch the others to carry you to my new lab.  Can you believe it, I was rummaging through some of the crates these rad nomad’s have and found some incredible equipment, latest in technology, just junk to them of course, they let me keep it and set up a lab and now I am free to run as many experiments as I wish, in peace.  Boxes of the stuff, must have found it in some of the downed cargo ships.”
Morge is changing rapidly now.  His bones and muscles are unfolding and pushing out of his skin and he is growing large armored scales.  Dr. Cabal only shakes his head.  “It is irreversible,”  he says,  “All of your cells are mutated.  If only we had some of your original DNA that has not undergone the mutation process then we could save you.”
Morge reaches around his neck and lifts the gold finger.  “Here,” he says.  “Try this.”
“What is it?” asks Dr. Cabal.
“My finger,” Morge states, as the Doctor pauses, “A gift from my wife.”
“I… You… What?  OK whatever, sure.” then he says under his breath, “What a Freaking fruit cake, freaking out of his tree..”
“I heard that.”
The Doctor’s stare frowns as his lips twitch, might just be crazy enough to survive.  Mankind is constantly being shaken through the strainer, is Morge sane?- no, but he is a survivor.  Doctor Cabal takes the finger and goes to work.
“Freaking nutcase,” he whispers to himself.
“Again, I may be sick but I am not deaf.  Please respect my feelings.” says Morge, before the Doctor plunges a needle into his neck and gives him an injection.
Morge awakes in the small confines of the one room igloo.  Mr. Tibbs has a pillow all his own above his head.  He feels only the spinal tickling of Mr. Tibbs, the rest of the pain vanished overnight, but a tired soreness still lingers in his head.  His eyesight so different somehow, the scratches are gone, he blinks and sees the little bouncing ball in the corner of his eyesight.  He moans.  He is back on.
Rolling his eyes back into his head and at speeds faster than light, where everything becomes a swirl, he feels like a spider spinning the kaleidoscope of a web and seeing threads reeling in every direction leading to other worlds, yet to enter them he must be the fly and look through the bottled eye of death.  He shouts, "HELLLLoooOOO" and keeps traveling down a badly lit corridor, he exercises control over his thoughts and enters the virtual junction room.
A senior citizen, ancient by all standards, with a long curly deeply graybeard smiles at Morge as he pushes through the painting portrait hanging on the wall.  “Welcome Son of the Trees, I am niX and I have been waiting here for you for a very long time now.”
“I am the host for two living things, already, getting a bit crowded in here.” Morge sees the flatline over Blight’s implant.  “Is he?”  The empty window where only static shows “Dead?”
“The old network pathways are still intact.  Your friend is closer then you know.”
“I appreciate the new scenery change,” says Morge, staring at the torture room, with racks and other devices now sprouting flowers.
“Nothing is a coincidence,” niX speaks, “there is a reason behind everything, though at the time you may not know it.  Still it will be my pleasure to accompany you on your journey’s, to be your ‘operator’.”
Morge, feeling a sickening dreed, goes back through the window, exiting, and his eyes refocus to see Dr. Cabal’s face hanging over him.
“Morge, I know I should have consulted you first, but some of your parts would not generate.  I had to replace some of your bones, and this meant reinstalling you into the network. But let me say, I did a good job, you look marvelous!”
“mini weenie?”
“This may be a bad moment but your ah.. wife, or least she claims that, is here to see you…”
Morge jumps out of bed and throws on his heavy robe before running outside.
Rose Marie is sitting surrounded by her children with her legs all folded on the ground and her baggy bottom sagging and but moving like there was a small kid inside.  She looks deflated.  She looks defeated.
Morge quickly bridges the distance between them, then kneeling, he holds one of her hands in both his own as she smiles and says, “Well Morge, you brought me here, though it may very well be my demise.  Now what am I to do?”
“Be my wife, be my love, be my life.”  Morge whispers.
“You don’t understand, the pain..  I need his blood daily and he will be displeased when he finds me absent from my post.  I ask only this, that you take care of my children for me.  There is an abandoned prison south of here, there you could make a nice home for them and yourself.”
“With you too.”  Says Morge.
She holds a hand to his chest, “In your heart always my dear.  Now please release me.”
Morge feels tears building up in his eyes and after kissing his wife’s cheek he removes the homing device from her neck.
“Now I must go before I bring wraith and ruin to you and your people.” Rose Marie says, and weakly she gets up on all fours and after a long sweet kiss, she turns and scurries away.
Morge watches her form scamper and flee over the frozen tundra plateau.  He says a prayer, she is magic, once more she has come into his life and once more he has lost her.  His heart still feels her lingering touch and he knows then that he needs her, and that if he is going to live he must have her.
He wants her now, he does not wish to share his wife with a demonic evil fiend who wants to imprison man, enslave the earth, and lay to waste to all it comes across.  Sadly, determined, but with patience, he casts a steady look at his new charges, about sixty bundled up children he asks,  “Who wants to go to college and earn a masters degree?  Or play a game of hide-and-seek?”

CHAPTER 37 HIGH WIRE
back to top

Blight floats beyond reason, beyond contemplation and past his field of understanding, he floats in the infinite complexity of mindville’s space, where there are no boundaries.  Searching, his lifecord thin and unraveling behind him as he follows his operator, niX, a small blur of color.  He feels as if he is inside a toad’s mouth, trapped like a fly, with its tongue wrapped around his body and pulling him down its deep throat.
He sees patterns of moving crosses, which turn and form squares, turning again to form patterns inside patterns, dimensional with a living background of constantly changing colors and shapes.  He takes in mass quantities of rapid, sensory overload, too fast to digest, leaving him feeling queasy, he becomes a thousand minds.
Stimulated, knowing that he wants to stay here, this is where he belongs, a place where all thoughts evade him and he is naked before the universe, a light glowing beneath many blankets, a mouth with no opening, a love so intense it is all he can feel.  He is a babe digging inside an egg of God, a euphoria of no equal.  He is dead.  He is life.  Lost in the echoing thoughts of others, no problems, no fighting, sweet oblivion welcomes him.
When he feels himself drifting, niX tugs at his lifecord and he moves on.  With millions of blinking dots stretching past the horizon, each dot as complex and compact, as a whole world, countless, like sand on the beaches,  niX keeps him on track.  Without him Blight will soon become lost, another web-junkie.
“This way…” says niX, his voice fading.  Blight turns through a glowing entrance, shadows stretching rush out of the grave at him as he approaches it till it towers over him.  He is spit out, after brief disorientation, he drops to the ground and bounces.  
The cold chill makes his spine crawl.  The howling wind whispers voices from his past.  He stands in front of an ancient tower, a monument of a lost race and time.  The entrance grins wide at him, and he can almost hear its laughter, calling, asking a riddle, no answer, telling the joke, his life, the punch line, understood only when dead, the call, beckoning him closer, the stairs crumbling beneath his touch, the dust breathing in swirls, wisp at his feet.  He’s never been here before, but he remembers it.  With sudden realization he says, “This is…”
“Yes,” says niX, “You have come a long way to begin at where you started, you have journeyed a full circle.”  Together they walk inside.
A large fountain occupies the center of the chamber, filling the area with soft voices of the water, its crystal red blood flowing and glowing, trickling among the statues occupying most of the shelves’ walls.  Blight reads the words inscribed in the bottom of the fountain, "In His Body," they read.
One of the statues resembles a man Blight had seen before, but where..  then it hit him.
"Isn't that..?"
"Yes, our friend Chapel now rests here along with these others, in a state of suspension, his hour will come again, his turn is not yet over."
"This used to be a library.” Says Blight.
“That was more of a.. ah man made thing, this is far more than just room to house file space for a bakery, this is its true form.  It is one of the portals, and not just to your world, yet beware, touch nothing except what we have come here for, for the living have no rights here.”
niX stops in front of a portrait, as Blight examines it, it is of a great tree, a tree with tall, majestic, and powerful swaying limbs reaching out toward the heavens and translucent bark, shining out beams of light.
“What is it?” asks Blight.
“The first tree, the tree of knowledge, built to imprison the Mosquito Man and his kind. It is the only thing which may save you.  It, like this tower, exists in all worlds, it is on your world as well, your eyes cannot see what I see, drop your marker in it, yet do not touch the canvas of the portal, for only the dead can pass through freely.”
Blight’s eyes click over the box in the corner of his vision and a small, red devil appears sitting on his shoulder. “SyCo drop a mark on this portal.”
“I will be able to mark this portal but I will not be able to leave, this portal is only one way.” Says Blight’s systems computer.
“How can it only be one way?  Where did the programmers go that created it?”
“Insufficient data.”
“Just do it.” Says Blight and he watches as the small devil jumps into the canvas, slowly it sinks through the portal entrance, like an animal in quick sand, its body begins shriveling up then it penetrates the surface and disappears.  A moment later a dot appears blinking in the corner of Blight’s eye.
“Ok, now lets go die.”  says Blight.  "and do whatever the dead does, I guess go through a one way portal to see a tree."

***
Everything is in order and the crew, in combat readiness, as the mighty battle ships near their destination, the location of the first tree.  Blight’s SyCo’s data stream is transferred to the onboard guidance system of the mother ship, and it navigates a course to the source of the mark, somewhere in the north pole where the tree of knowledge grows, in an uninhabited region.
News vids are pouring in now about the loss of the corporations, the executives having disappeared, and the assets of the corporations being laid to waste by what the news is calling a “mad man”.
No one knows the secrets of how the first tree works, but that doesn't stop them.  At a meeting at the pool of clouds aboard the mother ship the elder, Bluegrass, plays a flute, and there is much celebration and music playing as he announces, “Yo Dadio, I do believe we are ready to dance to death’s harmonica.”
The children of the sun are backed by their literary research team which states that “Perhaps we are reading too much into this poem, the verse which states that ‘only one with the heart of steel can unlock its door’ maybe its meaning should be taken literally, our very own rainbow king, Blight, has a steel ticker in his chest, now what sort of coincidence is that, I mean can you get gravy on them mashed potatoes.”  The people cheer.
“You know,“ says Blight, “This is a merry-go-round, enjoy the ride, the destination may be right where you started…  let’s turn around.  It’s not too late, we owe the world below nothing.”
“King,” says Bluegrass, the voice of his people, “Our hearts house no fear of death, yet our minds scream in pain to think of living this concert without the voices of the children singing, do you understand?  Relax.”
"Ok well we will be at our destination in the morning.  Then we will die.  You know that right?”
“No,” said Bluegrass, “That pancake has two sides, We won’t be dying, we will be fertilizing the flowers!”  Then he grins and cracks open a Root Beer.

CHAPTER 38 CRYING SUNSHINE DRY
back to top

Blight knows there is going to be some sort of defense waiting them, and although they will have the element of surprise the enemy has dug in positions and who knows what else lay in store for them.
They leave the main mother ship for the young children with only a skeleton crew aboard her, there are long hugs goodbye from everyone and the kids smile their farewells and wave frantically, crying.  They will be listening to the mind channel to follow the progress.
After learning that only wood, or water elements can kill the evil Mons, they have been in serious archery training, even creating programs, mindstims, to stimulate the archery skill in the brain and strengthen it greatly. The archer’s had little time to practice, yet how can they miss with their plan to herd their targets so close together?  They have an arsenal of very hard to come by wooden arrows to kill the Mons and the dead, trusting in the lore of the Gay Queen, only weapons of the elements can kill the demons.  They also have ‘holy’ salt water for the undead to rest in peace.
The tree of knowledge, alone, is surrounded by frozen hills that break into a valley.  Everything is silent.  The blip of his marker blinks, its location directly below.  Blight stands upon Jester’s Comet, a mother ship, and standing on the gang plank surveying the valley below, he strikes a chord and starts to rock.
Bustling with activity everywhere, they quickly take control of the hills, aiming their cannons at the valley below, the ships take on defensive positions, and the pilots board their skimmers and leave in pairs, a network of  lasers running between the skimmers, it may not kill them but the dead with no heads did not seem as much a threat.  The archers all fill the hulls of the ships and aim below, waiting.
Everything is still silent.  Then they send in the scouts.
The scouts reach the mountain entrance as an eruption of zombie warriors crawl out of holes like graves, a great roaring cry of moans.  The concert has started; the battle has begun.
Blight is in the groove.  He is orchestrating the greatest ‘symphony of life and death’ as Bluegrass put it, making the ancient guitar of colors sing in shrill and sweet frenzy accenting the ballistic movements.  The laser fire sizzles, drilling into the mountain top, piercing it, evaporating the very rock, and the booms of the air rushing in to fill the gaps sing in tune with the giant war drums, which sound from their perch on top the hill.
The crowd of zombies, like the elderly shopping at a clearance senior citizen sale, gather staggering in every direction, rotten limbs fumble over, touching, leaving decay on all around them, a cloud of poisonous smoke.  The skimmer riders in formation strategically sweep the battle field clean, the network of lasers fire between them, reflecting off mirror lenses, they slice off flesh and bone as severed heads fall rolling, the zombie hands groping at empty necks, bloodless.  
The riders set up posts for the laser fence and began tightening it, confining them inside the fist of their punch.  They swallow the living dead, fence in the devil’s creation.  The innocent dead and the condemned all fell alike beneath the flying acrobatic deadly aerial assault.
The huge laser cannons rip the ground apart, shredding all that lay in their path, the dead shudder in their newly made graves, some still able to crawl out. The mindless creations drag closer and closer together, being driven by some alien consciousness, their hands groping the air too slow, their pain screaming out from the yellow pits of their eyes.
The skimmers close in on them, crowding them to the center of the valley fencing them in.
They open the waste turrets and great gushes of salt water issued forth like the sky opening up and dumping the ocean sea and the archers let rain down their hail of arrows.
The exhale of salvation, of life being freed by welcomed death, as the bodies below, their horns dissolving and their souls released collapse to the ground.  The first phase of the battle is over and the children of the sun remain almost untouched.
That’s when they hear the screaming, the coarse bellows of a tormented heart being attacked, out of the black hole in the mountain side comes great beasts flying, with flying Mon minions swarming all over them like a disturbed ant hill.
“Dig that raw carnage!” yells Bluegrass over the mind channel,  “Wow check it out!  Look at the crazy daisy growing this way!  Can it get any better?”
Blight’s heart sinks.  He draws on the power inside and outside himself, the greater power of a Higher Being.  “Scared in faith will bless fear.”  is one of Morge’s favorite sayings that stuck in Blight, he still is a little unsure of what it means.
Blight knows Morge is somewhere close, and can feel his friend’s senses as he discloses his thoughts, he knows, for instance, that Morge is eating mini-weenies right now.  He also knows, connected to Mindville, the images Morge sent him, from mounts throughout the world, the army of Mon’s, the Mosquito Man’s elite.  However what he sees now is his tomb.  The drums laugh and shake with impending BooM BooM DooM.
Full grown flying dinosaurs come straight out of the past, no wait.. dragons, as they breath fire on the tiny figures scattering before them, and burn them to ash.
Blight yells, his guitar screaming now as the crews frantically maneuvered their ships to the music, the mother ships begin turning broadside and the smaller vessels head straight on, preparing to ram.  Dragons, black as the darkest night where no light can penetrate and dragons as red as blood, are accompanied by thousands of the winged Mons.
The dragons, ghastly and fast approaching, defy all laws of physics for their bulky size just as they defy the laws of nature with their very existence.  The smaller vessels hovering low and closer to the mouth of the mountain scramble to get away.  Too late.
The first of the dragon’s claws rip into one of the lowest vessels, the Naked Lady, circling the battlefield.  Fire rolls out of the dragon’s mouth melting the decks and engines as the flying Mons attack, plunder and board the Naked Lady, they are too powerful and too many.
The ship takes a nose dive, plummeting down, but the crew is still able to turn the laser cannon around in time to shoot the Dragon’s face, the gunner on fire screaming dives off the burning ship.  The dragon, claws rubbing and scratching at its wounded head, collides into the Naked Lady’s downward spiral, and together they thrash, dragon ripping open the entrails of the ship,  it gets entangled in the rigging of steel cables, together they fall stabbing into the low mountains.
Blight rolls his eyes back in his head and the battle below pauses as if in slow motion.
“niX?”  No one responds.  “Morge?”  There is only a screaming tormented feeling of utter agony. The mind channel must be interfering, thinks Blight.  The sound is torture, it tears at his soul, shearing off his thought process until he feels like a small furry rodent being sucked into a blender and still living.  “Blight!” It screams.  “Save us!”  Then with utter certainty Blight knows that it is Rob and Steal calling to him, then he understands.  Blight’s eyes return to normal and with the beat of a thousand drums he strokes his guitar, jamming, Rainbow King, he takes down the house of cards in a full metal rock deck of hearts, clubs, and spades.
Two ships, clumsy compared to the dragon’s grace and speed, circle below drawing the dragons out to them like old cheese and liver chunks would roaches.  When the dragons near, the mother ships open fire, shooting everything they have. Pitched battles are being fought on deck, between the Mons and the crews of the ships.  Still the gunners and archers manage to rip numerous holes in the wings, pierced with feather tipped arrows and holes burn bigger from laser beams but the dragons still fly.
Blight thumbs the last part of the concert carefully, picking the best way to say goodbye, the Mons are crawling over the Jester’s Comet now, he lifts the guitar and lays it down carefully then stands guard over it, unsheathing his swords, Light and Bright.  He gives a hoarse cry and tears into the frenzy of claws and red horned hides with his screaming blades.
He welcomes this death, slashing and stabbing, his blades buzzed lowly glowing, the Mon’s who at first smiled with big jeering faces at what they saw as easy meat, now their smiling heads are littering the deck, the living Mons now back away bunching up and shaking with deep guttural screams at his madness.  The deck slick with black and red blood, he mops like a swab boy, his dance matching his mood of death tunes singing in his head, then he hears the faint voice of Bluegrass over the mind channel.. “King Blight, let us die to our song.. stick rock bone”
The people wanted, no needed, his music now in their most pressing hour, groggily he stabs the chest of a dead Mon, piercing him into the floor, and leaves his swords there.  He picks up his guitar of colors.
“Why leave now, the fat lady is going for a cheese burger,” yells Bluegrass over the mind channel.  
Bluegrass is in his element.  His webbing streaks with light as the wiring of his suit glows with friction, his actions too fast for the master computer to control.  The guns, of his ship, Blossom Bosom, running on remote now, most of his crew dead or dying, he draws closer to a cluster of dragons encircling the two of the remaining mother ships, lasers reflect off the gleaming scales.  He draws the attention of one and as it approaches he gives a command and then exits Mindville ripping the visor from his head and jumps over board, his parachute opening.  He just makes it out before his ship explodes in a fiery blast, pelting the dragon, piercing it with deadly debris, the dragon shrieks, whistling, a pillar of its fire scorches clean the ship as it gets blown apart by a series of explosions that streak the sky.  Breathing fire the dragon engulfs many of the escape pods before they have a chance to properly eject before, metal shards in its face and body from the explosions, falls into the frozen ground.
The Jester’s Comet, in full blaze now, spirals downward, black smoke rising, Blight, the last to leave, boards a skimmer and glides down to the battle below.
Two dragons are feasting,  picking at the dead, when one of them roars and breaks formation advancing away from the war.  Its great wings carry it quickly upwards and out of range of the ships cannons, south towards where the undefended mother ship floats with all of the children aboard.  
Blight sends a message to the children to fly at top speed south, but the dragon, flying at a great speed, will overtake them.  Blight stops playing and stares upwards silently cursing.  He can’t let the children perish, these people are innocent, and their children are the sacred lambs.  He remembers them playing and dancing as their faces flash in his mind.  The children’s ship is only a few hours off the coast; but with the dragon speed, it will be there in under three hours.  “We must surrender.” Says Blight.
“How can we surrender when we don’t even know how to cross the communication barrier, what do you say to a zombie?  Or a dragon?”
“I have an idea,” says Blight.  On the outskirts of the battle, his guitar slung across his back he pulls out a dagger from his boot and goes down the hill crest to the battlefield below.  It doesn’t take him long to find what he is after.  The living dead’s heads are littered everywhere thanks to the skimmers’ laser field.  Blight picks one up.  Its long horns swaying in its own dance, he almost drops it when the eyes on the head of the bodiless zombie open up and its mouth utters a silent scream.  The children of the sun gather around Blight, and a cry goes up when they see what Blight intends.  “Hail Rainbow King” they shout and a young woman, Pearl Necklace, runs up and kisses Blight as he turns and with his dagger digging into the decapitated head he digs out the living horns and then placed the bloody stumps on his own temple.  In a moment they sink in and Blight’s eyes turn a deep yellow.
“Your surrender is accepted.”  Says Blight in a voice not his own.  “Gather your people at the mouth of the mountain and surrender your bodies and the children will be spared.”  Moments pass as Blight’s face began shape shifting, fighting.  “You, worthless mortal” screams Blight, “this body is foul!  It will..!” His eyes turn red, filling with his blood, and his ears rupture as the two horns fall off his temple, limp and unmoving.
Blight regaining some control of his mind now, makes some sense of it as he smiles, on his knees rubbing clumps of snow on his head where the cavities cut through his skull.
“The radiation in my brain,” says Blight, “I need not fear the touch of evil for I truly am the dead man.”
“I could feel their thoughts when they were part of me,” announces Blight, “take to heart that the creator of man is somewhere near, keep His love in your heart and we may be saved yet.”
There rises a cheer then Bluegrass yells, “Come my blood, bone and flesh,”  as the ships lower themselves to be boarded.  “It’s time to see just what kind of trip this death thing will be.”  And they all bogey together, bunching up between the giant red Mons vicious whips, in a family gathering.  Rejoicing to be together if only for one last time, smiling wide when Bluegrass strips off all of his clothes, his artificial fur coat, and jumps on the frozen ground, he yells “Orgy!” then laughs as a Mon pokes at him with a spear, forcing them all to their knees. Blight is singled out and a few of the children of the sun glimpse a dark figure lifting him in its talons as it flies with Blight into the mountainside.

CHAPTER 39 HEART OF CLAY
back to top

It is an evil smell like after the devil has his way with the sewage plant’s toxic outhouse, noxious fumes billow out the cavern mouth.  The cavern laughs, a snare of souls, made from the bone of rock, the bone of earth.  It is the replacement faculty of Hades, bleeding nightmarish mutated creatures, breeding in pools of lava, fresh blood from a wounding of the planet, burning, the ceiling like the teeth of an angry mother giving birth to a baby with a big pumpkin head laying in the garden’s patch, the head is picked for Cinderella’s magic carriage, as the mother calls for the Hindenburg’s epidural STAT, it is the heart of the world, the first garden, the garden of Odon, caged in thorns of fire and ice, caverns of nature’s swollen stolen swords stabbed through and impaling the lovers as they connect, burning hot pits of brimstone armor worn by the guardians as they defend an entity, forever battling for all infinity as nature, holding in check, by the first tree, the loving tree, the tree of knowledge, moans.  Its trunk fills the cavern like a breast implant would a size a bra, it is a dream turned into a nightmare, and as Blight stares down from his cage, his fellow prisoners pigs, it is going to be hell.
Giant Mons carry on their shoulders metal barrels with the stenciled impressions of bright yellow hazardous nuclear waste stickers and danger logos.  They pile the barrels at the foot of the tree where dozens of others lay tossed on the ground, some roll down into the lava pit, floating, burning and melting away.  With heavy axes they chop at the barrel sides, a black murky substance leaks out.
“He’s poisoning the tree,” voices whisper.
The Mosquito Man’s head just pokes over the bottom rim of the rib bone cage, Blight shares with the pigs, the cage hangs suspended above the scorched rock. The Mosquito Man’s great palm, with bone jutting out of his knuckles, unclenches itself to reveal a tiny Baby, eyes shut tight, wailing into the night.
“Want to hear me spit out my rhymes?  They will impact your mind so much, a meteor in the ocean, and you be making all these sudden motions, drowning, that you’ll need a lifeguard to pull you out!  Ready?”  the Mosquito Man raps while pretending to raise the ceiling, “Snort some bees!  Bet you wish you were free!  Pray now Steel heart, for this is your real creator!  Start your prayers now for there is no later!”  He turns around and shakes his ass then acts as if he is going to drop the Baby to the ground, while the babe tugs at his fingers, giggling.  “Oh, my bag!” he says, “Body bag!”  The Mosquito Man cups the Baby with both hands, but when he lifts them again the Babe is gone.
“Oh Peek-A-Poo!  Hide and Seek?  Where are you?”
He laughs as he opens his mouth and pulls the baby out, he places the babe in his large leather sweater pocket and says, “It is no coincidence you appear now at this time, you cannot escape your fate,” he does the moon walk while slapping an imaginary ass, “this is your destiny to be here.  The true reason I was summoned, from rumors born of fear, was to help sniff out and capture the creator of man, the king of creation the father of us all, for only a creator born of the first generation would know.  They wanted to trap me again, like diamond in coal, yet we showed them didn’t we?  See, look at them now, groveling beside you, they put up little resistance as I hunted them one by one, the proud executives who robbed this world just for fun, now fat pudgy soulless pigs."
"Feed the piggies," he commands and the Mons toss some corn at them in sneers, as the pigs shake and huddle together, they squabble over the corn cob, their eyes all a burning red.  “Bet you didn’t know how deep you’d sink and to think you wielded the power as I was a swine.  Now I wield your soul divine!  They wanted to control man, their vision so limited, I will control gods now who’s primitive?!”
Blight has a burning headache and he fights to get a comfortable position to sit in, if just for a moment longer, he says, “Your rap needs a lot more work, it is making me feel sick, really, it’s that bad.”
“I have so much money, oh how much money do I have, you ask?  Why I have so much money its sick!  Help I need to visit a Doctor!  Mo time, Mo time Mo money mo money!!  No really, I have so much money, Oh, I’m sorry, you want to know how much money I have?  I have so much money, it’s criminal!  Help!  I need to go to law school and become a lawyer!  Yes, that’s right, that’s right, I be bad!” he gloats, then continues, “You do see the vision don’t you?” says the Mosquito Man, Blight is unsure if he was addressing him or the pigs or the Mons who are filling up the chamber with their chanting.  “And share in the irony.  You, Steel Heart, were here to welcome me into this world, now the world shall be mine and you will take my place trapped between worlds in a hell limbo vacant of time like a turtle stuck in its shell.  I offer you life immortal, think how you will drink from the sewage of life, forever a witness to the dead man’s dance.  Now what mortal wouldn’t die for that chance?”  He chuckles, and backs up in a shuffle, with loud curdling gasps.  “I be bad, I be bad!”
Blight, hands over his ears, his head pounding, ignores him the best he can, he feels as if his brain is being pumped.  Below him the Mons rage in some kind of ritual dance; their harsh twisted voices singing in words that only confuse Blight.  It is mostly gibberish but Blight makes out some words.
“We BOOM boom BIG!” their voices echo in the tight confines of the cavern, "SMASH a HEAD!"
"I will make a bet with you, Steel Heart,” says the Mosquito Man his words carrying weight and echoing, “Before the sun climbs the sky, I bet that your world will die."
“If you’re trying to upset my stomach, you win, butt face.  You make me sick and bust a rhyme like a dog eating shit. Mother Goose and Dr. Seuss have better rhythm and rhyme!"  Blight curses hitting him low.
The giant Mons, their faces hidden behind masks of the flaming tree, scream in rage and lift Blight out of his cage dragging him towards the tree. They rip of his shirt and hold him, struggling, as the Mosquito Man nears.  They push him down on his knees.  The Mosquito Man cracks his whip, it slithers as it moves back to front snapping.  He holds a large glowing staff.
The whip, a snake drips yellow fluid out its mouth, rearing it back over his head he brings it down quickly.  The whip snaps and strikes, the snake bites Blight on the neck.
For Blight, this pain is timid.  There is nothing but a burning then a dead cold numbing sensation.
“What, muscle relaxer?" says Blight before his throat tightens up and he gasps for air, the veins in his neck turning black, the poison running through his body, polluting every vein, "I was beginning to..” he gags, “feel tense and nervous,” he struggles to finish.
“Say bye and buy with such a high price for time forever, alive now or never, inside the cage of souls a tiny grain of rice in a room built to house the sun, you are going to have such fun!”
Blight is pushed inside the tree, he fits inside the indention just like a footprint on a sandy beach.  It is a perfect fit.
“I told you it was your fate, here this prison of the gods has awaited years for the gatekeeper.”
Choking, gasping for air, Blight manages to point and say, “I just noticed... your talking from out your butt..  ughh.. I can see lips moving down as you talk,  butt uggg..ly mouth? ... its bald head, large prune lips.  I am getting a little creeped out now, your butt’s raisin muffin eyes are inflating and staring right at me...”
The Mosquito Man snarls.
“I mean it is very peculiar...   the strangest thing I have ever... uggg!”
“Can’t touch!  Can’t touch!  Getting a little feeling of de-ja-vu?  Maybe like you’ve done this before, to be guardian of the tree.  Oh, how many times must we go through this last act before you know I’m right, how many keys must break before we unlock this door?”  Big prune lips emerge out of his butt chewing on a human’s head.  The ass prunes stare up at Blight from the Mosquito Man’s ass, three more hemorrhoid heads poke out of crusty barnacles inside his asshole with saggy garbage bag lips that spread open chewing, the devoured dead, arms and legs, hang out their mouths.
Blight rolls his eyes in the back of his head, pupils encircle in light, he returns home and enters the network.  He can feel Morge’s presence and the old man then the world turns from jet black darkness to one full of rainbows and the shadows fill with life.  The junction room is of a crystal waterfall deep in the heart of a lush green jungle, Morge is swimming in the lake.
“I thought this was an appropriate spot for you,” says Morge doing the back stroke.  “In the house of God you can say your final words.”
“He means to crucify me.”
“Been there, done that, and let me tell you, it’s no fun.  But nevermind that, Listen Blight, I had sex with my wife.”
“Oh that’s nice,” says Blight.
“Yes, yes, it was.  You know, I a man, and she a woman, it is quite natural, we are married and she a woman and I a man... birds and the bees, you know?  Or do you?” asks Morge.
“So now you can try on that sheep costume you dreamed about so often, and the burrito fetishes…  ?  You dumbass...”
“Morge smiles, “Yes but, look Blight, it was only a few months ago, however she, whether from the mutant strands of plant and animal and human and demon DNA or what but, she was with child, our child, and she gave birth to a healthy boy three days ago.”
“Wow, congratulations Morge, you’re a Father!”
“Yes, well, I had a long conversation with him before his mother was snatched, kidnapped, and he told me the secrets of imprisoning the Mosquito Man!”
“Really, that sounds like an intense conversation to be having with your newborn son.”
“Yes well to tell you the truth I was a little surprised myself, his first words were ‘Let there be Light’ you see I had taken away his matches, and guess what, he lit his cigarette without using any fuel..  that is a little odd some may say but I am so proud of him!  But these are the signs of the times and all you know…  Kids smoking drugs and running the stims and snorting jube.  Its taking over our youths of today, through so much hardship and despair, they feel like they need to escape if only tempor..  oh we grow short on time, our connection is bad, we have only two minutes before it becomes corrupted.  Quickly now, only one with a heart of steel can survive touching the Tree, and you need a staff carved from its own seed, it is called the ‘Key’, and you need to stab the seed, the key, into the Mosquito Man’s heart, and then stab it into the Tree Guardian’s heart as he is crucified into the tree, connecting into the keyhole to unlock the portal behind him.  I have told niX of this already and he has sent word on all of the networks.”
“Do you hear that?” says Blight, “The angels are singing.  Yes, I do not have long…  you know I’ve never had a friend before whom I could trust, and I don’t know whether it was chance or fate that crossed our paths but Morge, I’m glad to of known you.”
Static is breaking in now, images are doubling and voices echoing, they, in the same room now, look at each other in silence, “I love you!” says a large plump maggot in Morge’s hands, “just like I love to poo, and eat maggot poo, and poo maggot poo poo and just have a poo party.”
“I…. you are such a dumb ass…”  says Blight choking on words.  
Morge dips his head as a tear rolls down, Blight holding in a tremendous weight, his face breaks for a moment in a sobbing cry, then he wipes his eyes and grasps hold of Morge’s hand, desperately, as if needing just contact, he shakes it and reaching down pets the maggot.  Morge steps forward and the men hug their goodbyes before Morge lifts the maggot to his mouth and takes a bite out of its rubbery white ringed body, then takes five more big bites swallowing it down in large chunks.
“You are so stupid,” Blight laughs between sobs and the Morge grins.  Blight hears a far off robin singing getting close and closer, watches the waterfall flowing across the room and into his mind and he sighs his goodbye, suddenly the connection is cut off and Blight is thrown from the net back to reality.
The Mons cower beneath the vicious snake whip of the Mosquito Man, he wears a large staff around his waist.  He motions one of his Mon minions forward and the Mon, being beckoned, quickens his pace and kneels before the Mosquito Man.  “Summon the prisoners, the fat pigs.”
The pigs are freed from the cage and then staked to poles inside a gleaming octagon of entrails covering the floor.
Giant roots wiggle out of the ground and slither over Blight holding him firmly in their grasp, crawling around his body till only his face lay visible, he fights, constricted.  His hair rises electrified.  He feels as if the tree is his body, tightly squeezed, like a stick of dynamite packed too tight, beads of sweat, dangerous, ready to explode, breathes in heavy tears, his breath comes out, forcing out from his lungs, he quivers electrified.
The Mosquito Man whispers in husky rasps, “Long time ago, in another life with another need, in your soul I planted a seed.”
Something is happening to the tree, its hard bark is like rubber, moist.  Blight slips backwards into the hole the tree guards. The roots, spread, and a dark hole, a pit of hell, the Devil’s asshole, lay underneath, exposed.  Steam rises up and the stench of something foul, from the depths of the portal stab a horrible shriek of a thousand voices wrapped up in one, all screaming as if they have just been given mouths to cry from out of thousands of years’ worth of pain.
The chanting reaches a climax as the Mon’s hisses rise in tempo.  The dark hole, the first layer of skin, peels away, the open sore opens up and becomes larger, still the octagon on the floor contains it.  The pigs awful grunting suddenly cease as one by one their bodies are squeezed and drained till there is nothing but a puddle of loose skin and bone littering the ground.  One of a pig’s eyeballs rolls next to Blight’s feet.
Tentacles reaching, feeling, sniffing, the beings slug-skin pushes out, convulsing as if trapped inside it, under a thin membrane, people thrash, desperately trying to escape.  Near Blight a face pushes out the yolk of the membrane, rising to the top of the slug’s skin it screams with centipede and bug ligaments sewn together with bugs and human body parts, before submerging.  
Pushing, faces rise to the top unable to puncture through, immerse again, the damned howl out at the darkness they are trapped in.  The main body shows itself, fat like a tick full of blood, its body crawls out, layer upon layer, of scaly fat, it is huge.  Some of the Mons, in their excitement, stray too close to the octagon and they are quickly severed by the beast and gulped down in one swallow.
“Mother!” says the Mosquito Man,  “Good to see you, it’s been so long!  I told you I would free you, your moment to escape your prison has come!  How are things below?  Anything new?”
“Release me!” screams the sound of a thousand voices.
“You are trapped while our king,” he spits, and shuffles up the lava pit with screaming prisoners below burning, he turns around quick and grabs at his moldy penis, then falls to his knees while stroking his chin and spits out rhyme, “the first being, is still in power and such a pretty flower to pluck.  And here he is, the true lord in flesh, with his everlasting soul, meshed and compact,  trapped in such an defenseless, innocent form of a babe, it is the glue that holds these pathetic people together their fairy tale fable, suck his soul dry in the prison and we will feast on him till the end, our powers risen will rise again,  while these people will wither and die without a soul,  while some of the lucky ones will shrink into soulless flesh blobs for us to control,  no more wearing borrowed bodies, our true faces will come to surface, the makers will bow down before us, their kingdom gone and we will rule, it is our destiny, our purpose!”
The beast wails again, “BAAADD!” she screams, her shrieks reaching into the very innards of man and Mon alike violently.  Shaking them like only a wooden rocking horse in a race can, till the Mon’s feel violated and very afraid; and as their fear grows, so does the wailing, as if the two feed off one another.
“Before the main event though I have a snack for you to enjoy or attack, I give you a soul with much heritage, one of the ones to survive the great fall, a creator’s daughter, she should make your lips smack.”
Tendon’s expanding, he flies up to the treetop and slashes off a fruit hanging suspended from the lower branches.  He lets the bundle fall to the ground.  Thick, hairy spider legs emerge from the flesh cocoon.  Rose Marie crawls out fast and finds herself surrounded by tentacles, she fights to escape the evil-tick-bitch.
Dodging attacks, she parries as the beast before her screams.
A tentacle whips out and just that quick and sharp it severs one of Rose Marie’s legs, the fat demonic-tick bitch, attacks again, missing this time and the she-beast leaves a small body of skin exposed, a small section where her belly lay, plump with fat gelatinous crusty skin.
Rose Marie lunges for it, sinking her teeth into the beast’s belly, realizing too late that it is bait, it has more than one mouth, as they close on her like a mouse trap, the mouths fight each other to digest her, rows and ridges of dagger-like-teeth bite and grind, as she is forced into the bigger mouth.
Rose Marie still fights, past pain, the foul stench of the beast invading, she begins to sink, surrounded in darkness, her eyes losing the light, her heart panicking too fast to control.  With one last lunge Rose Marie bites off the tongue of the beast who wails.  It spits her out, free of its throat, to land out of the octagon.  Rose Marie’s limbs all severed, her bloody stumps bleed.  In the octagon her severed limbs, leftovers, are quickly devoured by the beast.  Rose Marie’s guts leak from out her body.  With her last reserve of strength she struggles to open her mouth, failing, her breathing parched, she collapses near the feet of Blight, they both experiencing their own pain far exceeding the limits any body is meant to endure.
Blight knows this woman, he has seen her in the dreams of Morge, she is very close to him, he can feel the blood that runs from out his nose as he says thickly, choking on it,  gagging he makes his voice heard, “Morge waits for you.”  If she heard she does not respond and Blight shudders as he experiences something new, either he is hallucinating or there is a different aura around everything, and transparent figures gliding through the air are sucked into the tree.
The Mosquito Man raises his keystaff up, it is a branch of the tree of knowledge with a black seed sharpened on the ends.  It is covered in ruins, detailed and bright, its bark glows and pulsates beneath his touch.  The babe giggles and plays with the Mosquito Man’s fingers.
"I know you can hear me master, even in this pitiful body I can still feel your power.  Long have I waited for this moment, to imprison you where you imprisoned me, in the tree of lost souls for now to eternity, thy last hour draws near.  Now you will take my place and I will feed off of your fear.”
Screaming, quailing in anger, clutching at his neck a Mon faints.  Another Red Mon grabs at himself, as others break rank and fall, crashing to the ground.  The nearest one struggles to get up, a brown and green shaft sticking out his chest.  The Mosquito man recognizes the colors of the dwarven clan, yet that is impossible, he has left them on their wretched wasteland.
He turns to stare upwards just as something blots out the sunlight shining down through the volcano crater, and soft whistles fill the air.
The Mosquito Man, looks up, screaming.  “No more interruptions, don’t make your last act a sin.  I will win!  You’re in my prison!”
Black ropes fall from the sky and figures emerge, sliding down them.
Quiet, like the roll of thunder in the distance, the sound of new voices begins to swell, “Hail Gay Queen!”
Urchins, filling the cavern, like packaged baloney in a long lasting sealed pack, a bow and quiver on their backs, slide down the ropes, their postures clinging along the far wall, the Mon, under a stream of arrows, break rank collapsing as they scream, the Mon’s their hides punctured, bleed black, and fall over each other.
Trampling the front, the living Mons push closer chanting in booms, waving giant war clubs, some hurtle large rocks.  The small size of the Urchins makes them a hard target to hit, but Mon’s aim, mostly true, dead on, Urchins splatter crushed like grapes against the rocks.
As the wooden shafts pierce The Mosquito Man, jets of yellow blood harden, impenetrable thick scabs form.  The wounds quickly shrivel up.
Magnolia wields a long wood spear.  Rolling at full speed she arches the spear back and jams it at the sky.  It spirals from off the Gay Queen’s deck, out of her three finger hands like a rocket and takes to the air, spiraling a far off distance, it plummets up then rains from the sky striking the Mosquito Man in the chest and impaling him to the floor, where he shakes, his body growing around the heavy spear.  An ax arcing in the air strikes and severs off his right hand, holding the keystaff, it falls withering as he screams.

CHAPTER 40 KEY OF MAN
back to top

Rose Mary’s fallen body sags.  Her severed limbs wither on the ground and her face lay in a pool of muddy blood.  She can hear voices all around her, whispering her name. 
The screams of the ones she has killed, they have come to claim her.  As the blood of both Blight and Rose Marie mingle with the sap of the tree it forms a small stream rushing down into the lava pit.  Her body partially dams the stream until it runs, gathering around her head, into her eyes, nose and mouth, as it enters her nose and lips, her body, fighting for air, suffocates shaking in death spasms.  She lay drowning in the pool of blood and First tree sap.  Her body gives up and she deeply inhales the blood and sap for what she thinks will be the last time.
Yet as quickly as the voices are summoned they are subdued, without warning, and she feels a warm glow spread through her body and a piercing bright light penetrate her darkness.
Something changes deep inside her, she feels a tiny burst like her heart is exploding and the clutches of death fade away.  She can feel her body retracting into a cocoon.  Healing, her head, clearer, she can move. The blood, it heals her, the evil is purged out of her body and she is whole again.
Magnolia, arriving on a shuttle, full of Urchins for the second wave, quickly rolls close to the First Tree where Blight, the Creator, and the Mosquito Man battle.  She lifts the staff of the first tree, with the seed sharpened tip trickling in a green liquid, she holds it high.  Rocks hurtled from the Mons bounce off her thick rubber skin.  The staff is darkened in dried black blood.  As she holds it her body changes, and her true beauty shines forth.  She is once again the Manitree Princess, for it is a limb from the very tree of knowledge, the keystaff, she holds in her palms and nothing can hide the truth from it and as the Mosquito Man, still impaled to the cavern floor, gazes up at her in stunned silence and mutters, “You…!” she wields the staff high above her blossoming head and then in a yell drives it with all of her might into the Mosquito Man, puncturing his black heart.
A soft sigh escapes his lips, his eyes roll back and his body fights then goes limp, the staff slowly glows a fierce yellow, filling it up like a mustard bottle, when the yellow reaches her delicate and thin hands, a shriek fills the cavern, and then all is silent.
Blight’s eyes flutter open; he sees Magnolia standing before him, the Mosquito Man’s slumped body at her knees.
Blight looks around him.  He feels as if he is wearing a wool sock over his face, senses deluded.  He is still crucified to the tree but the pain no longer bothers him, the pain feels like a red warning light blinking on some control panel distant and away.
“The gods Blight!  I’m so sorry, but the good must cancel out the evil.  We need you.  We need a guardian of the tree.  Only you can return the Mosquito Man to his prison, the good for all outweighs the good of one, yet can I justify sending you to hell, trapped with the Mosquito Man for all eternity?  In the end the choice is yours.  If we do not confine the Mosquito Man to the tree of souls soon, as the ancient scripture foretells, they say he will escape to return again.”
“I get to die for something, fuel for the fire of my Higher Power rather than trash in the dumpster, light me up sister.  Oh yeah, there’s a baby,” says Blight his voice no more than a whisper, “save the baby.”
“The babe is safe Blight, he will have a loving family and a great name to be proud of, Blight jr.”
Blight looks at Magnolia, no longer seeing her trapped in her metal body, but rather what she was before, beautiful, the tapestry of the world woven on her face.  He looks long and hard into her eyes,  telling her what she needs to know, then barely moving at all his head nods forward and Magnolia taking that for a sign, takes a crying sigh and drives the sharpened staff through his chest and into the tree.  Blight shudders and his mouth flies open in a silent scream as the yellow glow of the keystaff empties slowly till it is wood once again.
A slight humming sound, a deep growl in the bowel’s, echoes in the cavern, and the tree gives birth to a giant ball of light, it shoots up and out of the trunk, friction against the atmosphere, the ball rains down liquid light that spills splashing on the floor over the Urchin warriors and the fleeing Mons, a body of fire rises up and out.

***
A pillar of fire erupts through the atmosphere.  All the satellites orbiting space, all together, as if being pulled down by a leash, begin their descent, falling out of space.  Their burning bodies return into the planet’s atmosphere, begin to melt as the beam of light explodes through them, spilling them out into many fragmented pieces of stardust, fiery debris.

***
The line of prisoners halt, the thick ropes around their neck holding no slack, the only things keeping them standing up.  Breaking free of the ground, rise many spiked poles, poking through rotten skeleton ribs of the last batch of prisoners, their bones bleach white the only thing remaining.  With no words but low grunter chuckles the Mons begin pulling the children of the sun to the poles, they can hear the calling of the wolf beasts, an anticipating whining.  Suddenly there is a deep rumbling as the earth shakes, the prisoners open their eyes wide as through their implants they hear the most beautiful sound, filled with so much love that some of them cry, not from pain but from beauty, one of them shouts, “The heaven’s sing!  To heaven we go!” then all is silent, for the first time in their lives the children of the sun hear nothing through their ear implants, the satellite blessing them with song before suddenly stops and a voice calls out to them.
The great song having been interrupted by a voice they could only call their creator, the Composer, then no sound emitting, the effect felt is as dramatic as a bomb exploding in their head and they exhale their last breath and then, all as one, fall over dead.  The Mons puzzled, kick at the prisoner’s unmoving bodies and cry their outrage for having been spoiled their sport.

***
Magnolia, back in her true form, on board the Gay Queen says, ”The seed will change you back to your original form, I placed it the chest below deck,” and hands the cradled newborn infant to Cement freeing up her hands so she can help the others pull up the ropes where their comrades hang suspended over the brewing crater, issuing out thick black smoke.  The babe, eyes clenched tight, lets out a small whine and grabs wildly at Cement’s long hair.
“I think he’s hungry,” says Bane, as he loosens an arrow into the crowd of retreating Mons below.
“So, what do you want me to do about it?”
“Well, I read your profile, you are equipped to nurse babes.”
“Forget it!  I am no mother, no mama tit to milk with, I am not a woman!”
“You going to let the babe starve?”
Cement points her finger from her free hand at Bane, her face quivering in a sponge like grimace, but before she can respond the baby grabs at Cement with its small delicate hands, and as Bane chuckles and lets fly another arrow, helping to cover their retreat, Cement heaves a sigh as if to say, “why me” then resigning, she goes below deck with the baby clutched in her arms, to nurse.
The lava is flowing freely now, and the Mons, screaming below, become devoured.  Small streams of red and black run out of the mouths of the volcano, the Gay Queen, begins to move away.  They can still see the house that guards the first tree, the volcano, from a distance with small flickers of red, and then it is like a hairy mask being pulled off their head, for the tension, the heart pounding fighting mind set, the years of pain, are all released into the air, with an simple exhale of breath.
A ear piercing cheer rises up from the urchin army, they have won, their mission done they now are free, but before the cheer is over it is drowned out by a deep rumbling of earth.  Before anyone can react, the top of the mountain blows, casting burning rock and ash deep into the atmosphere, spewing out thick soot filled smoke into the sky where it spreads, a sinister cloud of black forms, like a smoker’s lungs, and chokes off the sunlight.  The Gay Queen rocks, the scorching heat unbearable above deck, they all crowd into the cabin, the last ones running with their hair on fire.  Rock smashes into the deck, “Save me, save me!” yells Mistress Pants before her scream is suddenly silenced.  Crippled yet free they slowly make their way towards the ocean.

CHAPTER 41 SAINT'S TEMPLE
back to top

Along the tree, bubbles of warmth and color, in the bark blister up from deep depths to the surface of the bark.  It is a treasure horde.
"Who else is seeing this?"  he asks.  "I can't be the only one."
"Not us," the whispers sigh.
He exhales and a quiet calm comes over him, he knows he never will be alone again.  Through the door Blight cannot go, souls, released, are inhaled.
"Too bad I'm now dead, this would have brought me such…"
"Yes," They ask.
"Peace." 
"Yes," They answer.
Figures, black shapes circling the tree, twelve in all, standing on black warts, they, spineless, heads bowed low, lurking, a hateful scorn, a negative force, life lost in their eyes, red glowing eyes, that burn with a fire no water can quail.  As the fire quenches the tree their bodies sag, they are trapped too and they know it, yet their hatred for all living things rekindles and they remember their purpose, their reason, their whole existence they gave up their souls for, now no longer alive, they are the damned paying for the suffering they have wrought.
Here is where all their hatred stems, as the tree forgives and comforts them, but it is just that, its beauty, that makes it harder for them to exist.  Here is the tree of life, if they were to just ask they can journey to the other side, but they only look at Heaven as a prison, still caught in the drama of the living, the power, the riches, when all of that, Blight knows and now feels, is nothing compared to the love he now feels flow stemming out in all directions.  This is their one way ticket to heaven or hell, only they are fighting to create an exit, a dream to escape their reality if just for a little while.
In the tree one of the flower’s fruit opens and a beautiful ball of light flies out; it is slender and its wings are intricately woven in beams of light, an angel.  A soul is born.
Blight turns to the indention in the tree.  It is an inverse statue of a man, with a crimson light shining out of holes, it leaks out of the face of the tree, Blight moves closer, and peers inside the mouth.
The tree inhales Blight.
The roots of the tree climb up the robed shrouded figures, wrapping up them, the fiends fall to the ground as the roots twist up their shadowed withered forms and pulls them down into the soil, planting them in brimstone that consumes their form until everything is burned away except for their black seed hearts that once planted will bloom into flowers.
All over the contingency of light rains down from the heavens, spreading life with it.  The light that shines out of the figure's mouth now is a rainbow spectrum of all the colors that the mind’s eye disguises having no aspect, or way of deciphering them, thousands of colors Blight has never seen before.  Out of the hole shines Blight.

CHAPTER 42 SAINT'S TEMPLE II
back to top

A lone lizard, slowly meanders down an indention in the roof of a car, gathering fragments of ash on its feet as it crawls through a maze of sweltering metal blisters.  The rusty car had at one time been on fire and the metal has boiled hot pockets of captured air.  The lizard runs around the smooth edges of a disfigured lump of glass, drooping from the windshield frame, before falling onto a charred bone and inching down the incline of a skeletal finger, poking through the rusty frame of the floor, as if the whole car were a ring, before it cautiously scampers off the tip of the finger and lands on a sprawled out figure below, a skeleton in a bundle of clothes, skull open in silent scream.  A man laying right next to it, disturbs the skeleton’s final resting place.  The man crouches with black hair that hangs out of a red pointed white fringed hat, the lizard scurries away through the puddles of rain water.
Morge slowly edges himself closer, till his head lay directly under the rear axle of the car.  A large metal fence juts out in front of him, he is in a large garage, its top covered with rusty barbed wire.  A wooden sign hangs at the edge of the parking lot, one of its chains broken, it swings lopsided in the wind.  It is still readable, “State Penitentiary for Men”  Under it is the rules for visitations.
Morge rolls his eyes back, immediately materializing inside of a small abstractly lit office room.  An old graying man sits huddled over a black cauldron, filled with numbers and letters, which bubbles up to the surface like alphabet soup.  A large window occupies the northern wall; it has a good view of a prison complex as seen from the garage beneath a car.
Morge places his hand on top of the bald man’s head, engulfing the diameter of niX's head beneath his fingers.  He affectionately rubs until it starts squeaking like freshly waxed apple skin.
“Operator, collect this call.  You get me in, huh?”
The operator blows out his breath, deflated.  “I fear that’s not in my hands.  Strange tidings we bring into this world and who is to say when it all will end?  The stars are right, judgment day nears, and what will our creator say when he learns of mankind’s mischief?”
“Uh….  Words of encouragement I imagine, like nice try?”
The wizened wizard smiles, “Perhaps, I was leaning more on, goodbye.”
“Can we?”
The operator swallows his grin and sighs, as if enjoying the taste of the air, “Ok, follow the bouncing ball.”
The rehabilitated cyborg gives a hooting call then does a backwards flip through the exit window of Mindville.
Morge opens his eye just in time to see a lizard run away.  In moments a small, floating neon green ball appears two feet in front of him, directly at eye level.
The ball inches forward, and he matches it, keeping the exact same distance between him and it, while he low crawls away from the safety of the car, dragging an equipment bag behind him.
It arcs down and it rests on a link in the fence momentarily until his foot replaces it.  Zig zagging upwards he leaps arcing over the barbed wire fence down to the other side.
Mounds of rusted debris and metal components litter the ground, a lens automatically slides over his eye, exposing a web of red sensor beams surrounding him.
The green ball takes the shortest path through the maze, ending just underneath a guard tower for the outer wall.  Directly overhead, he can see a gun turret outlined against the blackness of the sky, he scans the platform along the top of the wall, and four blue squares immediately materialize in the shadows.
The ball disappears and the cyborg closes his eyes.
“As far as I can get you” niX says.
With a gravity hook shot upwards, he reels upwards lifting up to the top of the wall.
Lightly jumping onto the wooden platform, he quickly slides down a ladder, jumping the last half of the way into the prison courtyard.  Clinging to the shadows, he edges his way around the outskirts of the wall, he passes a few doors, before he finds one which is unlocked and slips inside.
It is the prison cafeteria.  A counter spans the far wall, its surface covered with severed heads and limbs of Al Prods.  Sprawled out over table tops whole bodies lay, their guts hanging out of them in a colorful display of wires and circuitry.
Swinging his bag over his shoulder Morge laughs heartily.
“HO O O  MERRY CHRISTMAS!  Santa has got presents for everyone!”
A gun barrel from behind presses tightly into his neck.  
“Move and die asshole!” a girl’s voice whispers.
A little boy’s face pops up from behind the counter top, eyes full of wonder..
“Look Mona!  It is him!  Just like in the story books!” he says.
Mona edges around to face him, keeping the gun pressed tightly against his neck.  A look of overjoyed surprise rises in her eyes,  “Its not Santa, its..”
Moon Cactus covers her mouth with his hand and winks.
“Your right College!  It is Santa!  Go get the others, tell em Santa’s here!”  The boy runs out the back door, echoing the hallways announcing his new found knowledge.
“So what do you want for Christmas, Mona?” he says.  She is wearing a large army coat, fitted for someone twice her size, and her black hair has grown an inch or two.
“Oh Morge!” she says wrapping her arms around his neck.  “I almost shot you!  Really, I almost did.  What would I of told the children then, how would I of been able to explain that I killed Santa Claus?  How did you get in here anyway?  What if the turret guns shot you?  You know the kids just finished laying down a mine field?  Why didn’t you just use the code?  Oh, I was so worried about you and Rose Marie, we all were!”
At the mention of his wife’s name Morge’s face quivers for a second, he straightens it up in a grin, reinforcing his love and resolve, he will find her.
Just then a noise screeches out a mouth from hell, the sound so loud it vibrates Morge’s teeth and the tools and rusty gears on the table rattle, the sound is like a furnace splashed with water, hissing with steam, screeching.  The smaller children cover their ears.  The inhuman sound is accompanied by a large dark shadow gliding across the ground.  Mona runs, she mans one of the mounted guns as the whole facility erupts with life.
“Move, Move!” yells a young girl in pink bunny pajamas rubbing her tired eyes with her hands and whipping open the armory door quickly passing out weapons, most handmade, while different sectors of the prison check in.
“Wait,” says Morge and Mona speaks softly into her wristband.  His eye vision doubles then triples as he focuses.  He spots a lone giant winged lizard, black as the tar of hell, its scales glistening like dew covering a meadow, as he watches the dragon lower its neck and a lone female rider slip off.  He zeroes in on her face but he already knows from her familiar figure and stance who he is viewing.
Laughter, tears, his prayer answered, a miracle!  “Talk about coincidences, or rather it may just be fate.”  He feels a tingling sensation and his chest rises, their approaching them is his wife Rosemarie, in her original form.  His Creator has answered his prayers.  He calls out, “It’s Rose Marie!  Ho! Ho! Ho!”
“How can you tell Santa,” says a small boy at his knees, “The Monsters past the wall, I can barely even see it, and not at all the rider,” he says straining to lift his head over the windowsill. Mona laughs and lowers her gun yelling “YEEEEEEEWWWWWWW!”
They lower the make shift draw bridge and all the children rush out to greet Rose Marie, tackling her down to the ground.  Inside, laughing and rejoicing, and Morge embraces her laying her down on a table top, next to a metal body, and kisses her.  She hugs him close with her legs and arms and he says, “Have you been a good little girl or a naughty, naughty one?”  Rose Marie laughs and hugs him tightly.  A chorus of kid’s voices filter from down the hall.
He slaps her on the butt and then empties his bag, spilling a sea of presents all wrapped in used wads of paper.
“HO O O HO HO!” he merrily laughs with a twinkle in his eye, “MERRY CHRISTMAS!  MERRY CHRISTMAS!”
“Hold on,” says Rose Marie, reaching up to straighten his beard.  “There!  And I also have a present for YOU Santa.”  Rosemarie slings the white polar bear skin fur purse off her shoulder and hands it to Morge.  He opens it slowly then a smile spreads across his face and with tears in his eyes he removes his retractable fishing pole, working its reel gingerly.
“This is the true meaning of Christmas,” cries Morge, as the children’s voices soar in chorus around him with merry laughter.
They lost levels in Mindville, the portals scattered , running four dimensions deep.  The satellites fried, memory banks down.  It is just as well, some peace, and well rest.  They may be down forever, he doesn’t care.  He climbs the guard tower and stretches his eye as far as he can, seeing nothing but waves of dark clouds, thick and raining down ash.  They were closing in on the sky, draping the whole landscape in shadows as if it were the blackest of nights.  The ground, unstable, gives an occasional rumble and shake, jars and equipment falling on the floor.  To the North a brilliant flash of light is illuminating the dark sky.
Morge looks up, a tear falling from his eye as he says his last goodbye to a friend he had grown to love.
Rosemarie walks up and places her arm around his chest.  “He saved me.” She says.
“Why must one must suffer so the rest may know peace…?”  Dark storm clouds roll over head, ash and fire, the eternal night is coming, is here, darkness, unnatural night, the world is changing.  He grins and pinches her butt, “Tell me you saved a third breast for me..shall I check?”
She laughs, and pulls him down on the bags of weapons spilling off the table top,  bullets rolling fall under the weight of them both.
“This is the best Christmas ever!” yells a child from downstairs.
Falling inside each other’s lips, Morge and Rosemarie kiss.

###
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, Please(!!)  take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer.   Here are my other books: Sound of Mind – Adventures in Schizophrenia , Seducing Medusa, A Hole without Walls, Tree Womb, & Agent For Hope.  
Thank You,
Professor Mustard 
