Prophecy Awakens

Brenda Wamsley

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010 Brenda Wamsley

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is available in print at Lulu.com.

Contents
Chapter 1 – Hope Dies
Chapter 2 – Desperation
Chapter 3 – Genesis
Chapter 4 – The Keystone
Chapter 5 – Directionless
Chapter 6 – Safety
Chapter 7 – Charles Towne
Chapter 8 – Venganza El Diablo
Chapter 9 - Training
Chapter 10 – Isle of the Beast
Chapter 11 – Catherine's Palace
Chapter 12 – A Hideous Secret
Chapter 13 – Skating on the Neva
Chapter 14 – Dakhanavar
Chapter 15 – The Christmas Ball
Chapter 16 – Rock and a Hard Place
Chapter 17 – Regrets
Epilogue

“The quality of mercy is not strain'd.
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven 
Upon the place beneath. It is twice blest:
It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.”
--Portia, Merchant of Venice
(Act IV, scene I)
Chapter 1 – Hope dies

I knew I was dreaming, yet everything around me was so realistic. Standing in a dark forest of Black Pine trees, I could smell the crisp cool air with the scent of pine and moist dirt. In the moonlit sky I could hear the flap of owl and bat wings and calls from the nocturnal in the trees around me. I could reach out and touch the paper bark on the birch trees and the rough texture on the trunk of the maple. Most of all, I felt fear filling me like a thick syrup. Something was here in the trees circling me just out of my view like a hunter would stalk a deer. My heart pounding, I didn’t know which way to go; I just knew I needed to go somewhere. I ran.
The trees flying past me, I was running faster than I could in real life. The dried pine needles were springy under my feet. And I released the scent of decaying pine as I crushed them. The speed was exhilarating and unbelievable, but whoever was following me kept pace. I ran faster, the world around me becoming a blur of dark green and browns and still I could sense someone mirroring my steps. 
Suddenly, I ran into a large clearing and quickly stopped in surprise at the immense space. With the light of the yellow moon fading in and out with the cover of clouds, I could see the tall grass looking like waves on an ocean as the breeze blew gently across the diamond shaped clearing. The smell of lemon grass and chicory flowed over me.
As I walked cautiously, a dark figure appeared from behind the tree line across the expanse. Pausing in the middle of the clearing, I feared this specter but felt compelled to walk forward. The shadow remained motionless as if observing my movement. My breathing came in rushed gasps, my stomach tied in knots, and my hands were shaking. The silhouette was shaped like me, tall and willowy. I froze mid-step, afraid to get closer.
The moon broke through the clouds once more and the shadowy figure was illuminated. I gasped at the sight of the vision… of me. There was no blush to my doppelganger’s cheeks and she was not breathing. However, the vision was lovely in her deathlike state. Her skin was pearly white not dappled like mine. Her full lips were pale pink and her reddish-brown hair fell in shiny waves around her oval face whereas mine was dry and brittle. 
Abruptly her eyes flew open. The round eyes were as red as rubies with a fire glowing hot behind them. Although her body looked dead, there was life behind those eyes, a ravenous hunger of a monster. She smiled widely at me showing a set of perfect white teeth. I blinked and suddenly she was right in front of me, inches from my face. I could smell her sweet breath as she exhaled. I tried to scream, but she gripped my throat with inhuman speed and strength choking back the shriek. A feral growl came from her exquisite mouth as it clamped down onto my neck.

*****

I woke with the choked scream finally bursting out of my throat. The sound was piercing in my small stark bedroom. My face was covered in sweat and I felt cold and clammy. As the door slowly groaned open, I looked up with my hands still shaking. The dim light from a lantern illuminated the pale yellow on the walls. 
“Are thou all right, Jane?” A concerned voice whispered. It was the deep tone of my father. His slender form, shadowed by the lantern, stood in the doorway.  However, I could see that he was still dressed in his wrinkled breeches and waist coat from the previous day.
“Yes, I’m fine, Father,” I tried to make my voice calm, hoping it wouldn’t betray my fearful vision. “It was just a bad dream.”
His shoes clacking on the wooden floorboards, he walked into the room. Placing the lantern on the simple three-legged table next to my bed, he sat on the worn rocking chair. Slowly, he rocked and the wood creaked as it moved back and forth. His thinning grey hair was tousled, his tan face wrinkled with worry. He folded his callused hands together and looked down at them.
“Father, are you alright?” I questioned sitting up, the terror still fresh in my mind and I wondered if he knew my fear. Looking out the window, I could see the grey of the early morning sky and I wondered if father had been up all night again.
“I am fine dear. It was just a long night,” My thoughts confirmed, I looked into his weary eyes. “John White’s cows have been getting slaughtered by some beast. We were hunting last night, but we have come up with nothing. I believe it might be mountain lions… or wolves… I’m not sure.” His face looked deep in thought and he gently stroked the arm of the rocking chair, my mother’s chair, “I want you to stay away from the forest. And, please, come home before dark until we get this taken care of. Some of the men and I are going to be hunting until we get whatever it is and, I’d hate for anything to happen to thee. I fear it is a vicious, bloodthirsty creature.” 
He looked at me and must have seen some remnant of my terror, for he smiled gently and, leaning forward, brushed a lock of hair out of my face. Looking at the jagged scar that ran from my right jaw down to my shoulder, he sighed, “You look so much like your mother. I’m sorry you never got to know her. She would have loved to see what a charming young lady you’ve become.”
My father was the preacher of the Puritan church in Andover. After the Salem witch trials took their toll on him, he decided to move here. He never did talk about what happened; only that many innocents were tortured and killed. Andover was in need of a preacher and he needed a change of surroundings. It was the perfect fit.
Here, he met my mother, Isabella, a baker’s daughter. Even though she was much younger than he, they were soon married. Trying for two years to have a child, they were finally blessed with me, or perhaps cursed would be a better choice of words.
While pregnant with me, mother became horribly ill. Father rarely spoke about this. I’d been told that my mother begged Dr. Goodwin to open her up and save me, against my father’s objection. Father believed that it was God’s right to decide if we were to live or die as he prayed for our safety. Dr. Goodwin, knowing that I wouldn’t survive, swiftly cut her belly as she departed this life, saving me. However, in his haste, he had cut me deeply from my right jaw to my shoulder. Dr. Goodwin repaired the damage as best he could but thought for sure I would soon follow my dear mother to heaven.  With the prayers of my father, I grew strong. My father named me Jane, which means, “God is gracious”, I suppose because he was grateful that I lived, a small piece of my mother.
My father loved my mother deeply and never had the heart to remarry. I think he frequently regretted leaving me without a mother figure as he often left me alone as he performed his duties to the church. Because of this, I mostly raised myself. Although he never said anything, I could tell that he was frequently worried about what would become of me after he passed on. 
Shaking himself out of his reverie, he smiled at me once more and gently patted my face. Without another word he simply sighed and rose from the chair. Taking the lamp father left the room, leaving me in the soft early morning glow. I flopped back down in my pillow, but when I closed my eyes, I saw the dead me with the eyes of the devil and knew there would be no more sleep. I stared at the wooden planks of the ceiling as the sound of robins and larks twittered outside with their morning songs.
Repeating the Lord’s Prayer to guard myself from this demon, I got up and put on the white petticoat and grey gown carelessly tossed by me the night before at the bottom of my wardrobe. It was a simple gown with a high collar that covered most of my scar. The sleeves came down to my elbow and then finished with linen cuffs. I combed my hair with the wooden handled brush and looking into the small mirror on my wall I pulled my dark red hair into a bun at the back of my head and pinned on my white cap with a black ribbon. Finally, I put on my black lace-up shoes, a bit dirty and worn.
Looking into the mirror one last time before leaving the room, I carefully examined my oval face, pale with red blotches on my high cheek bones and narrow nose from spending most of my time in the sun. I narrowed my emerald green eyes at my reflection and sighed at the tragedy that was me. I knew that it was vain for me to worry about my features but I still felt dissatisfied.
Our house wasn’t very big or extravagant. It was a nice and tidy small house and with my father being Andover’s pastor, he believed that we needed to set a good example for the people of the village. The house had three rooms, one was my bedroom, another for my father, and then there was the living area. 
In the main room we had a large black wood stove for cooking and heat in one corner. Honestly, it was too big for this small house, but it was given to us by a family that left to Virginia five years ago and couldn’t take it with them. It did keep us very warm on the freezing winter nights that we frequently had. I stoked the dying embers with more wood and in a few minutes, the fire became a blaze, quickly warming and drying the morning air. I pulled a pewter plate out of the cupboard and a fork and set them on the worn wooden table. I prepared breakfast for my father, eggs, bacon, and coffee the rich smells filling the room.
Going about my morning duties perfunctorily, my mind wandered back to my dream. What horrible creature of Satin would have risen into my subconscious, I wondered. Slowly my fears melted away as I began to mentally create my list of things to do that day. Soon the dream floated away from the forefront of my thoughts and hid in some deep recess of my mind.
Finally coming out of his room, Father was dressed in fresh brown breaches and a heavy tan waist coat over his white shirt with full sleeves gathered at the wrist. His hair was combed back and into a ponytail at the nape of his neck and his face although still worn, was brighter from a scrubbing. He sat on his chair at the table as I set the food down in front of him. I poured a coffee for both of us and sat down giving him his cup.
He inhaled deeply the aroma of the breakfast then eyed at my empty place on the table. “Aren’t you eating?” He questioned as he picked up his fork. He tried to look unconcerned, but I could tell he feared for my health.
“I am not very hungry,” I fiddled with my cup. This was the truth, as my stomach felt unsettled since I woke.
“Jane, you will never get any meat on your bones. One day you’re just going to fly away in the breeze,” He mocked.
“Maybe I’ll be detained for flying on my broomstick and casting spells on unsuspecting children.” I smiled wryly, gazing at the steam rising from the black liquid in my cup.
“You should never jest about that!” His voice was suddenly stern. “People have died for less.”
“Father, you and I both know that most of those people were blamed for someone else’s weakness.”I closed my eyes. I’d gone too far and it would result in the speech I’d heard so many times before.
“Yes, but they died just the same. I was there. I saw those poor souls get tortured and killed, if they did anything wrong or not.” His face was fretful.
“It was a quip. I was just trying to be funny.” Apologizing, I shook my head, disgusted.
He threw his fork on his plate and stared at me. “People dying is not something to quip about, Jane! And I love you too much to let anything bad happen to you.”
I thought about my dream. “So, if I turned into a devil…”
“I would pray for your soul and destroy the demon that took over your body.” He droned and looked down at his plate. I could see the deep worry lines I caused every time we spoke of these things.  He sighed, “I just don’t understand this sudden facetious behavior from you. Listen to me, Jane; I need to keep you safe. I need to know your soul will meet your mother and me in heaven. I made a promise to her.”
He finished his breakfast in silence while I sipped on my coffee. When he was done I took the plate and fork to the wash basin and cleaned up. Opening his Bible, Father quietly read and prayed, most likely for my offensive soul. This was our usual morning ritual followed by him going out to work with some unfortunate farmer that needed his help and I would busy myself with being the good daughter and complete the housework. It was a dull but contented life full of rituals and repetitiveness. 
I’ve always wanted more from my life, although I’d never speak of this to my father. Last summer I’d come across a book of plays by Shakespeare while vacationing with Father on Star Island in New Hampshire. I particularly enjoyed the powerful female characters in the story and felt that I too could be something more important. I had such potential that was wasted on housework and gardening, but pleasing my father was more important. He needed me and I loved him, so I was a dutiful daughter.
This day, however, was different. Suspiciously, my father remained home. Sitting in one of the wooden rocking chairs on the front porch, he continued reading from his worn bible. I went about my daily chores, curious, but I dared not ask what he was doing. He was still angry with me for my retort at breakfast.
I went out into the garden that filled our fenced in backyard. The misty morning air still lingered among the tomato pants and rows of corn. Inhaling deeply, I could smell the warm earth around me and felt at peace. I put on my wide brimmed straw hat and tied it with a grey ribbon under my chin. Taking a bucket sitting on the wooden step outside the door, I went to the well and prepared to wash the laundry. 
It was almost mid-morning when John Bailey, the local butcher shadowed our walkway. I was hanging clothes on the line to dry in the cool spring air in the backyard, but I could hear his distinctive booming voice.
“Good morning, Pastor Howell!” John greeted my father. “I hope I’m not interrupting your morning activities?”
I came around to the side of the house and peered around the corner. John was a large man in his early forties. He often smelled like sweat and meat. I always saw him at his butcher shop where he wore a heavy leather apron with blood stains on it. Today he was dressed in a worn grey suit, the seams pulled and nearly split from his obese frame. He was patting his face with a handkerchief and had one foot on the bottom step of our small porch.
I often felt uncomfortable around John, whenever he thought no one was looking he would leer at me. It made me uncomfortable; he was so much older than I was. My father never noticed and when I brought it up, my father would remind me what a good father and husband he was, as if that made it alright. His poor wife died nearly two years ago of pneumonia leaving him with two young boys to look after. I speculated why he was here, when he should be at his shop.
I heard the creaking of the rocking chair my father was perched on stop, “I was just reading from the Bible and getting prepared for my sermon tomorrow.” My father smiled warmly. “Please come and sit.” He gestured to a bench next to him.
John sat on the bench, and it groaned and bowed with the strain. I wondered if it would snap under his weight. To my surprise, the sturdy seat held.
“I’m sure you are aware of why I am here.” John’s bellowing voice was oddly softer than normal as though he were telling secrets.
“I have heard of thy intentions,” My father was noncommittal as he calmly watched John’s face.
“Then you do remember that my wife, my dear Helen, died two years ago this last winter and left me with the two boys,” John stared at his swollen hands as he twisted them in his large lap.
“Yes it was a terrible tragedy when she died. We all loved her very much.” My father rocked thoughtfully in the chair as though the creak, creak would be comforting to John.
“Well, the boys are getting to be quite a handful and the shop has been keeping me very busy. I’d like to remarry a good woman to help raise them and take care of the house while I’m busy working.”
Gasping, I clapped my hand to my mouth to prevent me from screaming. I had no intention of getting married, especially to him. I understood I was nearing twenty and many of my friends were married already, but I couldn’t bear the thought of marrying out of convenience and not for love.
“I’d like to marry your daughter, Jane,” He finally confessed looking up resolutely at my father. “You know I’ll be good to her and I can support her very well. My business has doubled since all the new folks arrived from England this last fall,” He rattled on.
I was stunned with horror. “Say no, Father,” I whispered. “Please, say no.”
My father was quiet for a moment; I’d hoped he was trying to think how to tell him no. John’s sweaty brow creased in apprehension.  
“John,” My father began, “I love my daughter dearly, and I would be very sad to see her leave me, but—“
“Thank you, father,” I thought relieved, relaxing my tense shoulders slightly.
“I’m getting old, and I am worried about her welfare when I go to meet her mother in heaven. She is nearly twenty now and it is time for her to settle down. I know you will be a good husband for her and take care of her and keep her out of trouble. That is the security she needs.” 
Both of the men smiled as my father shook John’s ham sized hands. Standing there, I clutched the side of the house to keep myself from falling over. I knew I had a look of horror on my face.
“What was he thinking? Did my father just loose his mind?” I screamed in my head. I didn’t want to get married to some greasy man more than twice my age, especially so my father would feel secure in going to heaven. Security was the last thing on my mind, besides who would take care of him when I was out of the house? I felt empty inside as if I was swirling around in a black sea of loneliness. I heard my father call my name. He sounded so distanced, like he was standing in a deep mine miles away from me. 
Waiting a minute, I took a deep breath of the cool spring air and put on my fake preacher’s daughter smile. Willing my feet, I moved out from the side of the house and to the porch. Each step was agony when I just wanted to run screaming down the street.
As I approached, they both watched me with buoyant faces. I dared not speak out to my father for they would know that I was listening to their conversation. I moved up the steps and into the den of my doom.
“Did you need something, Father?” I tried to act pleasant and attempted to put on a proper smile, but refused to look at the huge man on the bench.
“Jane, Mr. Bailey has asked for your hand in marriage,” my father’s voice and face where full of joy.
When I saw how happy my father became at the thought of my impending doom, I realized that I would hurt him by arguing, now. I wouldn’t win that fight. I smiled lightly as John stood and surrounded my small hands in his. I thought for a moment that if I could leave my body and float away, I would like to do that right that very moment. John stood happily and kissed me with a big wet lipped kiss on the check, like something a child would do. I really wanted to wipe it off on the back of my hand, but resisted the urge.
John motioned for me sit next to him on the bench. I sat carefully certain the thing would break under the added weight. My father and he talked about setting a date and whom to invite. I sat not really listening to the conversation, but thinking of a million ways to get out of this marriage. None of which I ever would have the nerve to do. I could never hurt anyone on purpose. It was just not in my nature. 
I thought again about my dream and the dead me. I was sure it was a sign of things to come. I felt my life was over the moment my father agreed that I should marry John Bailey, not because I loved the huge man, but out of his selfish need to keep me secure. 
Tears welled up in my eyes and I saw my father smile. Tears of joy, I’m sure he thought, but for me they were tears of grief. 
Chapter 2 – Desperation

John spent the rest of the morning sitting on our porch. He held my hand in his sweaty one. I tried to keep a normal facade and not grimace or yank my hand away. My father occasionally would glance at me with concern. I’d hoped he was worried about my wrath after John had left.
I still couldn’t believe that my father agreed to this match. Numbly, I sat and questioned what horrible thing I’d done to deserve this fate. Did my father truly believe that a marriage to John will ensure his salvation?
John and my father discussed the weather and the crops and the price of meat. Occasionally John would look over at me as though I was a prize cow that he was preparing to slaughter. Respectfully, I tried to smile, but it felt more like a smirk. Afraid that I would throw-up if I opened my mouth, I sat silently until I could get my stomach to calm down. I felt a growing need to leave the schemers to their horrid plans.
Finally, I was able to pull my wrinkled fingers from John’s hand, “Excuse me, I need to make lunch,” I squeaked.
Both my father and John stood up as I got off the bench. It groaned with relief, and I quickly walked into the house. Looking at the ground until I left their view was the only way to keep myself from screaming and sobbing. As the door closed behind me I could feel tears welling in my eyes. I willed myself to not cry and blinked back the salty liquid.
Not bothering to pause, I continued through the main room, the narrow hallway between the bedrooms, then through the back door and out into the garden in the backyard. The midday sun had baked away the morning mist and the smell of warm dirt and plants swirled around me. I felt closed in, trapped, and gasped desperately for air. Picking up my petticoats and braking into a run I fled across the yard and down the dirt road that ran behind our home.
This road was seldom used and was rocky and grassy. As the tears I’d denied myself earlier filled my eyes and spilled down my face, I stumble a few times on the uneven ground scratching my hands and soiling my dress with grass stains and dirt. As the road curved back towards town, I continued straight on, fleeing into the safety and privacy of the trees. 
Unsure how far I’d gone, I slowed to a stop and collapsed onto the moss covered floor of the forest. The light dappled through the canopy over head. I sobbed, my body shaking. I inhaled the smell of dirt. I loved the smell of the fresh moist earth and tried to concentrate on that, but images of me in a wedding dress, my father walking me against my will to John was too much to bear.  
I thought for a moment that someone so very softly stroked my hair. I sat up and wiped my eyes with my sleeve; no one was there. Unsure of the time or how long I had lain there, I looked around and noticed the sun had fallen over the hills and darkness crept into the trees. I was out to late and my chest tightened with fear. I knew my eyes were red and swollen. There was a stream nearby, so I reluctantly got up and made my way to it. 
As I walked, I had the feeling that someone was watching me. It felt similar to my dream from the morning. Anxiously, I looked around, but didn’t see anyone. I made my way to the stream and kneeled next to it, splashing the cold water on my face. As it hit me the fresh water made me feel more alert. I leaned back and let it trickle down my face and neck into my collar. I looked up into the green of the trees as I blinked the drops of water out of my eyes. 
My eyes were blurry from the crying, but I thought I saw a person among the branches. Startled, I gasped and wiped my eyes with the back of my hands. When I looked again there was no one there. My heart pounded in my ears. 
I wondered if perhaps I was in such a state of woe that I’d imagined the figure. My mind wandered back to the conversation with my father that morning, was it a beast that was killing the livestock or was it more, perhaps a soldier of the devil had come to curse this village.
I sighed and shook my head. That stupid dream and the whole forced marriage to John had really upset me.  I hurried back out of the line of trees and into the road. The little bit of sunlight that was left, made long shadows on the village as though the dark was swallowing the wooden and brick buildings slowly. Peach and reds of the evening sky looked like flames burning the air around me. Dogs barked and children laughed as mothers called them to suppers. With that and the clopping of horses and rattle of wagons ensured me that the town wasn’t getting consumed by Hell. I looked back to the trees the feeling of someone watching me still tormenting me, but still saw nothing. 
I walked slowly back to the house and slipped in through the backdoor. One lamp was lit and sitting in the middle of the table a beacon for me. I could see my father sitting in his chair, his Bible in front of him open to a passage. He was not, however, looking at the book, but watching the backdoor and now me. 
I closed my eyes and sighed then walked to the main room. As I approached, I could smell the odor of lamp oil fill the room. Everything was surrounded in shadow except that small circle of light. It made me feel that the world had disappeared and it was just Father, the table, the Bible and me. Without talking, I found my way to the stove and cupboards and began preparing for the evening meal, waiting for the wrath that was sure to come from my father. I purposely avoided making eye contact with my father; he had a way of making me feel ashamed and foolish by just looking at me.
“Where were you all afternoon?” He whispered finally. His voice had the worn sound of earlier this morning and I knew he was worried about me.
“I went for a walk,” I said matter-of-factly, still not ready to look at him. “I’m sorry, I just lost track of time.” 
I began pulling out yesterdays cooked chicken and some bread. To avoid my father’s angry eyes, I concentrated on slicing the bread and carefully removing the meat from the bones. I assembled two sandwiches putting them on the pewter plates. It was all I could manage and again I felt guilty for leaving as I should have prepared a larger noon meal and we would have eaten the leftovers for supper.
“You shouldn’t go wondering off—“ he began.
“Maybe you shouldn’t say yes to me marrying someone without talking to me first!” I interrupted. It felt good to finally put words to my anger and frustration. We both looked at each other with the same shocked look at my unprecedented outburst.
“Now, hold on!” He started using his booming preaching voice. “This is the very reason I agreed to this union. You need a husband who is going to take care of you and keep you out of trouble. You have no idea what kind of dangers are out there. I’m only thinking of your safety!”
He quickly stood, the chair squeaking against the floor and the lamp flame flickered creating dancing shadows along the floor and ceiling. He held a finger up to toward the ceiling, “’Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him. Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place.’”
“Wonderful! Now you are preaching to me about being proud?” I felt me face get hot with anger as I tossed my hands in the air. I couldn’t believe he was treating me like a member of the congregation. 
“You need to learn your place—“ He banged his fist on the table with such force the floor shook and the lamp jumped just slightly.
“No, you are only thinking of your guilt!” I continued to spill out my emotion that I’d kept in for so long, “You feel guilty for what happened to Mother and you don’t have any faith in me. I can take care of myself. I don’t need the safety of a husband.” Tears spilled out of my eyes.
My father’s eyes glistened in the light of the lamp. “I’m sorry, but this is the only way I know to keep you safe,” He spoke softly again. “I’m not going to be here forever. I have to know that you aren’t going to be alone in this world. I have you, but when I die, you will have no one. John will take care of you, he will love you, and maybe someday you will love him as well.”
“That is not going to happen,” I scoffed and tossed his plate with a clang onto the table, the food spilling across the plate. 
Father looked at me with grief thick on his brow. “I won’t let you throw your life away. I’m sorry, but this is for the best. Maybe someday you will understand.”
My heart melted when I saw the pain I had inflicted on him, his mortality. I squeezed my eyes shut and inhaled slowly and raggedly. I hated to hurt my father. He was all I had, that was true. But in my mind, he was indestructible. 
“It’s just so much to take in… I feel like you’ve pushed me into a corner. I—I’m sorry.” I whispered with my eyes still closed. I was unable to look at his ache, it wounded me too much.
I turned quickly and went to my room and shut the door. I fell onto the bed and buried my face in my pillow breathing in the odor of cotton and feathers. I wondered how tight I would have to squeeze it to my face to cut off my breath. It quickly absorbed the moisture on my cheeks not letting them run down my face and ears. 
I didn’t know what to do. I hated to hurt my father. I was always in the end a coward and to refuse to marry John just wouldn’t be possible. I would be a dutiful daughter and live in misery the rest of my life. My father would be happy and most likely John would be happy. 
I stood and walked to the window and looked out into the back garden. The moon lit the sleeping flowers and left the sky a dark blue with twinkling bits of glass stars. I looked out to the road beyond; there was a couple walking hand in hand in the evening air. They appeared happy, that was something I would never know. Marriage for duty would be my fate, not love and I would just have to face that. God had a plan for me, and I needed to have faith that he plan was for the best.
I fantasized me packing my things and leaving in the dead of the night. Sneaking away to a city like Boston or New York. I could get a job as a dressmaker or a maid. One day, I’d run into some handsome stranger and it would be love at first sight. My father would forgive me, and be happy that I finally found my true love, and at what a brave woman I’d become. 
I closed my eyes and smiled. No, that would never happen for me. I was too afraid to cause pain to my father and to John. I didn’t love him, but I did care if he was hurt. 
I would suffer silently, that would be the end. There would be no comfort for me. A void had been growing in my chest all day. I sighed and gazed back out the window letting my grief flow over me. 
I inhaled sharply as a sudden fear made my heart jump. I thought I saw a face in the garden staring at me with glowing scarlet eyes. I looked closer, but saw nothing. This horrible day was making me see things; I was sure. It must have been a wild animal, a raccoon perhaps looking for a snack in my garden. Still the fear gripped me so that I decided against going out and chasing it off. I decided instead to go to bed, hoping that the next day would bring new hope for me. I felt a little silly, but closed the curtains anyway, like a child protecting myself from the monsters in the darkness.
I changed into my nightgown, and got into my cold bed, pulling the blanket up and around my neck. I curled into a ball, hugging my empty chest. I closed my eyes and willed myself to sleep dreamlessly.
I’d dreamt however, that someone had come into my room. A dark figure stood over me as I slept. It watched me with glowing crimson eyes that burned into my soul. I felt it was a dangerous creature, but for some strange reason I felt comforted that it was watching over me. 
I woke with a start, as if a loud noise woke me from a heavy sleep. Peaking out through the curtain I could see it was still dark outside. I lay there in my bed, listening to the sounds of the night. I heard the crickets chirping, and the leaves rustling in the breeze. I smelled something oddly intoxicating. It smelled like honeysuckle, although I knew honeysuckle wouldn’t be in bloom right now. I inhaled the perfume deeply and sat up looking for the source. I saw nothing in the shadows of my room. 
I lay down again and closed my eyes. This time sleep would not take me. I lit my lamp on the bedside table and pulled a heavy worn book out from under my mattress. It was the book of plays I’d gotten last summer. My father didn’t approve of these plays, but I loved it and kept it hidden. The Merchant of Venice was my favorite one and I quickly found the dog-eared pages in the ragged brown leather tome. As I turned the pages I loved so, I caressed the heavy parchment letting my fingers flow across the words written there. 
I’d always wanted to see the play performed, but for me this was not going to happen. The closest theater would be Boston and I doubted that they would ever do any Shakespeare, let alone The Merchant of Venice. I wished to be Portia, the strong and resourceful heroine. 
I turned to act three scene one and read the speech from Shylock. “If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?” 
I wondered if I could be like Shylock and be as villainous as my father and John had been with their devious arrangement. Like Shylock I had been ignored of my humanity, I could empathize with him. However, there was no vengeance I would seek; I knew I could never be so horrid. 
As I read, I drifted off into a fitful sleep.
Chapter 3 – Genesis

When I woke, the sun blinded me through the open curtains. My lamp was out and my book placed neatly beside it. I decided my father must have come in later that evening, blown out the lamp and put my book away, not bothering to look at the title or it wouldn’t still be here. I rubbed my tender swollen eyes. 
Taking my time, I washed my face carefully and slowly dressed and brushed through my disheveled hair. Braiding my hair, I stared at the dark circles under my swollen eyes in the mirror. In the bright sunlight my skin was ashen and with the dark circles I could have passed for dead. I resigned myself to my poor physical appearance and taking a deep breath I left my room. 
My father’s door was open and the room was empty. The dark brown curtains on the small window where closed leaving the simple room dark. The bed was made neatly and his work clothes were gone from his open wardrobe. The room felt like a tomb so I quickly opened the curtain and window letting the cool spring breeze flow in. I could smell the damp air as if it had just rained very early that morning.
I went into the quite main room. A note was on the table; I picked up the folder paper and read my father’s script:

Dear Jane,
I left early this morning to hunt with Paul and John. I’ll be home before lunch. 
I love you and I hope you can forgive me.
Father

My stomach growled and I realized I hadn’t eaten anything at all yesterday. I quickly made some breakfast, toast, eggs, and strong coffee and ate ravenously. Then I went about my daily chores keeping myself as busy as I could all morning. I prepared a roast for lunch, retrieving potatoes from the cellar and small early carrots from the garden, and then proceeded to scrub all the well worn oak floors of the house. 
Leaving the confines of the house, I emerged into the bright sunlight of midmorning and tended to the garden, pulling every insignificant weed I could find. In the heat of the sun, I quickly worked up a sweat and went to the water barrel to splash some water on my red face. I looked out at the garden, satisfied with my work. I’d noted the broken slat on the fence and decided I would need to repair that.
Obviously I could take care of myself, I thought as I continued with my work. I’d done it all my life. A preacher’s life was a busy one. He was constantly preparing sermons, christening babies, and giving last rights. My father was always away from home and I’d learned to fend for myself and eventually even take care of him. Now I discover that my father had no faith that I would be able to take care of myself while he rested in the afterlife. 
I scowled and decided to make myself as busy as I possible to keep my mind off of the dreaded future. It worked and the morning went quickly as I concentrated on the tasks at hand. Although, I felt that my life was falling apart, I’d hoped that I put on a good façade. 
At lunch, my father and I were both silent as we ate. Then he announced he was going to the church to work on his sermon for Sunday. I gave him a quick peck on the check and he smiled slightly, perhaps believing I’d forgiven him. 
Numb, I kept constantly busy for the next couple of days. I mended the garden fence that I noted earlier. I washed and scrubbed the entire house. My nights consisted of restless sleep and dreams of shadowy figures watching me with glowing ruby eyes. I was sure those dreams were due to the fear of my future.
My father made the dreaded announcement that Sunday and the church service was followed by hugs, kisses and congratulations. I donned my fake smile and accepted their goodwill. Inside, I was screaming for someone to take me away from this dreary end.
I excused myself as soon as possible back to the house to prepare my father’s lunch. I wanted a break away from my fiancé and the talk of the upcoming wedding. While tears ran down my cheeks, I prepared a beef stew and biscuits.
There was a knock at the door. I wiped my face with a towel and went to answer. Standing on the porch was my friend Mary.  She had a huge smile on her round face which was framed by her dark brown curly hair and a white wide-brimmed hat with a bright yellow ribbon. Mary was very shapely and men naturally found her very attractive. Compared to her, I was gaunt and awkward especially now with my wan appearance. She held several bolts of material in her arms and before I could invite her in, she danced into the house and with a thud sat the material on the table. 
Rosy cheeks and bright green eyes where Mary’s favorite attribute and she quickly went to the small mirror by the door to check her face. “Your Father told me he wanted you to have a new dress for your wedding. I didn’t know what kind of material you wanted so I brought several for you to pick from,” She began. Her voice was light and airy. Her presence made the room seem brighter in my gloom.
She started laying the bolts of material all out for me to look at and then turned to look at my face. “Oh, sweetie, have you been crying?” Her smile faltered.
“No,” I lied. “I was cutting some onions.” I wiped at my cheeks with the back of my hand.
She came to me and took my hands and pulled me to one of the chairs at the table. She sat there and waited, her bright green eyes staring calmly into mine. Always very patient with me, Mary knew that I was afraid to say what was on my mind and hurt those around me.
“I don’t want to marry John,” I whispered as the tears spilled over my eye lashes and down my cheeks. “I don’t like him at all. He is a nice man, but not someone I would want to spend all my life with. My father just wants to marry me off so he won’t have to worry about me. I’m some sort of burden on him.”
I covered my face with my hands and wept openly. Mary put her arms around me like a mother calming a child. She patted my back and shushed me. She smelled sweet, the faint scent of honeysuckle in her silky hair.
When I finally calmed down, she sat back in the chair and pulled a white laced handkerchief from her sleeve and handed it to me. Gazing up at her after drying my eyes, I saw to my surprise she had a big grin on her face.
“Let me take you somewhere this evening,” Her voice was strained with excitement. “I think I may be able to help you.”
“What are you talking about?” I narrowed my eyes in confusion. I knew that the only thing to help me would be to have John no longer want to marry me. Although, I knew Mary was still available, I couldn’t see her taking my place for me.
“Just meet me at the church at sunset. I think there maybe something I can do for you.” She smiled warmly at me and stroked my hair.
“Fine,” I sighed and thought, ‘Couldn’t hurt.’
She then turned to the fabrics and began discussing the finer details of which would look better on me and what style would be perfect. She was an excellent artist; I told her what I imagined and she put together a drawing of the dress. The gown was light blue with embroidered pink and lavender flowers across the stomacher and the lapels of the skirt with a braid of silver meandering around the silk flowers. The bodice would be tight and stop low just before my hips and the top would cut straight across just above my breasts. The sleeves were of billowy lace flowing around my arms gathered at my elbow and the flowing to my wrists. 
Like devious children, we giggled as she handed me the picture. It was absolutely breathtaking, but I would never be allowed to wear something like that. I could just imagine all the glares and disapproval from all the townsfolk. It would be something completely impractical and my father would not be pleased at the lavishness. I folded the picture and hid it in my basket of sewing supplies and Mary sketched a more modest dress of dark grey and white. 
When my father came in late that afternoon, Mary picked up her things and whispered, “Don’t forget about tonight.” Then she was out the door with an airy, “Good evening, Pastor Howell.” She curtsy and slipped out the door into the bright sun. 
That evening, I ate super with my father in our now usual silence. As I cleared the table and put the dishes in the wash tub I spoke quietly, “Mary wanted me to help her tonight to work on my dress.” I didn’t look up from the dishes.
“Oh,” My father said as he stood from the table and rolled up the sleeves of his white ruffled shirt under a black waistcoat. He grabbed his pipe from a shelf. “Then you’ve finally come to your senses and are going to be more practical?”
My mind wandered to the dress design. “I would very much like to get the dress done,” I lied and avoided the last comment. The last thing I wanted was to have an argument now. 
“I know you are not happy with this arrangement,” He stated as he packed the tobacco in the bowl. The smell of the tobacco was rich and sweet. Walking to the stove, he gripped the pipe gently between his lips and lit a small stick in the fire.
“I want to please you, father,” I said and turned toward him giving him my best fake smile.
“Jane,” he lit the tobacco and took a few puffs, the grey and white smoke circling his head like a halo, “I will not be here forever. I’m old and need to know that you will be cared for when the Lord comes for me.”
“Father,” I argued, “I would be fine. I-“
“I know you will be fine,” He interrupted pointing the bit at me. He looked as though he was going to say something at first and then suddenly he crossed the room to me. He put one hand on my shoulder, the bowl of his pipe still gripped in his other hand. “You are strong and resourceful, like thy mother.” He glanced at the scar on my neck then looked back to my face and smiled, the wrinkles getting deeper around his light blue eyes. “But you need safety of a hardworking husband.” 
I opened my mouth to speak, but he continued, “I know you are a brave and resourceful woman and you have done very well on your own. There have been so many times I’ve doubted my ability as a father.” He raised his hand to silence my protest, “I know I have not been here when you needed me most, and for that I am sorry. John will be good to you, and knowing that you are safe and cared for is very important to me.”
I looked down at my hands, “I understand, and I’m doing what you wish.” I looked back up at him and gave him my biggest smile and fought back the tears flooding my eyes. Father rarely showed me such open emotion and I understood his position.
He was thoughtful for a moment, his eyes glistening, then nodded. “Don’t stay too late and stay away from the forest. There are bad things that roam in there. I’ll be doing rounds with some of the men later this evening. We still haven’t caught whatever or whoever has been killing the cattle and one of the Smith children went missing this afternoon.”
“Which one?” A chill went down my spine. I’d often cared for the Smith children when it was harvest time.
“Paul. He was looking for a missing calf in the woods and no one has seen him.”
I remembered Paul had just turned 8 a few weeks ago. I prayed that he was just lost or lost track of the time. He was strong and an excellent hunter. Briefly, I thought about changing my mind on going, but thought about leaving Mary alone at the church. What horrible beast would find her?
“Yes, father,” Nodding, I turned so he would not see my concern.
I quickly finished the dishes and grabbed my hat and sewing basket to keep up the ruse. Father continued to sit at the table with his pipe in one hand the ember softly glowing and the Bible in the other. Quickly I kissed him on his forehead then turned to the mirror by the door.
I put on my white cap while looking in the glass. My face had grown paler over the last few days and I had dark circles under my eyes from my restless nights.  The red splotches in my cheeks were emphasized by my pasty skin. I tugged at the high collar of my dress to help cover the pink scar that ran like a serpent down my neck. I slipped on my black cape over my black gown with white petticoats and skipped out the door.
The evening sun was warm on my face; I inhaled deeply the smell of lilac and wood smoke, my temporary freedom. I walked quickly to the church along the smooth dirt road, my feet kicking up dust. Darkness began to spread across the town making long shadows like demonic fingers stretching across the road, reaching out for me. I noticed one of the shadows move between two houses and my heart pounded faster. I heard more movement and started to pick up my pace. As I walked by the alley something metal fell over and made a large bang. I jumped back and tripped over my feet. I fell on my backside just as a yellow and white tabby cat jumped into my lap.
I groaned at the large tabby as it quickly leaped from my legs and away down the street with a yowl. Picking myself up off the ground, I looked back the way the cat went as I dusted off.
“Stupid cat,” I said under my breath. 
I felt my heart pounding loudly, about to burst out of my chest. I squinted into the dark shadows in the alley. Unable to see anything, I gave up on trying finding out what was there that frightened the cat so and continued toward my destination.
My heart slowed, back to the numbness of my existence, as I walked. I realized that the deadness, a black void in my chest, had been with me since that morning when John came to visit my father. I enjoyed the moment of brief exhilaration realizing that there would be very few of these moments left for me. 
My thoughts wandered to Mary and what she had to show me that would help me survive my upcoming marriage. She was such a cheery and helpful person who always followed the rules. It was strange for her to be so secretive and devious. I devised that she must really be concerned with my condition and felt she could be helpful in some way, whatever it was.
I saw Mary sitting on a bench next to the church, the two-story dark red brick façade looming behind her. She was wearing a black bonnet and grey dress. Her ankles crossed, she was waving them back and forth. Thoughtfully she played with a lock of stray brown hair as she waited for me. Her eyes had a faraway look as though she was thinking of something very important. When she saw me she quickly stood smiling, the concern vanishing from her face.
She waited for me to approach her. As soon as I was close enough, she grabbed my hand and began to pull me along with her. “I thought you were never coming,” She teased, but her voice betrayed some impatience.
Talking excitedly, she began to lead me behind the church, “I didn’t want to say anything before, but I’m in love,” she declared, but before I could comment she continued. “I met him three weeks ago. He is beautiful and smart and strong and,” she paused and looked at me, “He wants to take me away from all this,” she waved her hand in the air.
I tried to hide my surprise. Was Mary feeling the same as me? Did she also want to get away from this life? Did she want, as I did, more to life than being married to a man she didn’t love? She must have taken my silence as approval because she wrapped her arms around me a tear in her eye and her face flushed.
“I-I don’t know what to say, Mary,” I stammered, still shocked from her emotion. “Does your father know?”
“No!” She looked horrified glancing behind me as though I’d alerted her father and he was marching across the garden. Changing her expression quickly to a much friendlier face, she whispered the hint of the smile returning. ”I’m leaving with him.”
Turning towards the woods behind the church again, she pulled me along with her. Suddenly, I realized where we were going and stopped in my tracks. The trees looked sinister in the dark shadows of the rising night. She turned to me and gave me a quizzical expression as though she didn’t understand my fear of the dark forest.
“We, uh, we aren’t supposed to go into the woods at night.” I pulled my hand from hers and looked at the setting sun. She had also been told of the terrors in the dark forest beyond our city and I couldn’t understand why she would willingly go there now.
“Everything is going to be fine.” She turned her head in a teasing fashion and smirked uncharacteristically, “James is there. There is nothing to be frightened of… now.” She reached back and put her arm through mine and gave a gentle pull. We began walking together again.
I felt the same thing I felt by the alley, the same frightening leap of my heart and my palms became clammy. The forest loomed ahead of me now. In the growing darkness I could only see the trunks of the trees, mostly maple and oak. There somewhere in the shadows was a path, but I couldn’t see it. My breath came in shallow gasps and I tried to swallow a lump that had grown in my throat. I pulled my lips tight to avoid them trembling. It was then I noticed Mary was continuing to talk to me; I turned and gave her my attention.
“…and when I saw him at the edge of the forest I went to talk to him. He’s from Europe, France I think. His accent is hard to place. We meet here and walk in the evenings. He is so tall and lovely and, oh, Jane!” she exclaimed, it sounded more like shouting among the muffled trees, “I never thought I could be so happy. He wanted to meet you, my best friend. He made me a promise.” 
She stopped talking abruptly and we walked in silence along the nearly invisible path between the trees. I felt the numbness lifting as we continued through the maze. I’d taken this path so many times as a child; I knew that there was a small clearing at the end. Every step we took, I became more confident and sure of myself. I was strangely compelled to go on and meet Mary’s Mr. James as though, in some way, he would be the answer to my prayers
Suddenly we broke out from the trees and into the clearing. It was long but narrow, the shape of an oval. The grass here was about ankle high and rustled in the slight breeze. In the middle of the clearing was a fallen tree. Its roots where still clamed in the darkness of the forest, but the leafless limbs still remained winding around each other as though it was trying desperately to stretch across to the other side of the clearing. All along the trunk of the tree where carvings in the bark, things like WS + NH with hearts around them. I wondered if Mary and her love had, like so many others, carved their initials in the wood of the lifeless tree.
Then I saw him leaning against a tree on the opposite end of the clearing as we approached. He had long dark brown hair pulled back in a ponytail at the back of his neck. He wore brown pants and a white button shirt with a brown waist coat. He was very muscular, bigger than any man I have met. He looked like he could crush the tree he leaned against. His skin was very pale, almost glowing against the dark of the forest behind him. His thin lips where in a smile. It was the eyes that frightened me most, red, like glowing embers in dark circles; it was as if they were looking right into my soul.
I gasped, remembering my dreams, and Mary giggled unnaturally. I looked at her and she was smirking at me! I thought this was because of my alarmed reaction to her gentleman. She grabbed my arm, tight now and marched me around the tree and to James. My heart quickened to a frantic beat. He grinned wider as if he noticed my racing pulse from the other side of the clearing. 
He began to walk toward us. It was deliberately slow as though he was approaching a deer and didn’t want to startle the creature. His eyes never left me.
“You must be Jane.” His words were smooth as silk as he spoke and bowed slightly towards me. “I am very pleased to make your acquaintance.” He looked at the scar on my neck. “I’ve been waiting for some time now.”
Mary walked to him and stood facing me. They both looked as though they were trying to decide if I was worthy of their time. We stood this way for what seemed to me a long moment and the silence was disquieting. I realized there were no night sounds here. No twittering bats or hooting owls, just the rustle of the trees and grass in the breeze.
“I’m pleased to meet you?” I tried to keep my voice calm, but it betrayed my fear in the last syllable.
They both smiled at me as if I was a child that had said something endearing. 
“I brought her as you requested.” Mary suddenly ignored me and spoke to James as if I was not standing in front of them. “You’ll do it now, right? You’ll make me like you?”
I couldn’t ignore the excitement in her voice and face. ‘Like you’ she’d said. I didn’t quite understand. I looked back at James who I didn’t think could smile any wider, but he did. His right eye twitched just slightly. He looked to Mary as if considering her for the first time.
“Don’t you think we should tell her why she is here? Why you betrayed your friend?” James eyed her with scorn.
Mary cocked her head to the side and made a smile so wicked that my skin crawled. She began to circle me like a predator and I was her pray. “When James came to me and I learned what he was—” She leaned in to me to emphasize and whispered the words, “A devil. He promised to give me immortality, to make me strong and we would go to his home in France and live as sovereigns forever. But I had to do something first, I needed to bring you here… a sacrifice.” She finished circling and stood behind me. “I brought you and now, I get to live forever, away from this tedious life.” She giggled. “And you will be free from marrying the butcher. So you see, it all will work out in the end.”
“Yes,” James’ face was serious now, all business. “You will no longer have to live this ‘tedious life’.”
Abruptly everything moved too fast for my eyes to comprehend. James was no longer in front of me but stood behind me with Mary limp in his arms her eyes wide and lifeless. I inhaled to let out a scream, pointless for there was no one to hear this far away from the city. Quickly he dropped Mary’s body and put his arm around my face and covered my mouth with his ice cold hand.
Her body hit the ground with a thud and I saw her fly away from me. I was soaring through the trees, everything in a black and green blur. James’ cold hand was still clamped tightly around my mouth; his other arm cradled my legs. I tried to struggle, but he had a vice grip on me and I gave up. 
I closed my eyes tears spilling down my cheeks and began to pray, “Our Father, which art in Heaven, hallowed be thy Name; thy kingdom come; thy will be done, in Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil—“
“Car c'est à toi qu'appartiennent, le règne, la puissance et la gloire, pour les siècles des siècles. Amen,” He interrupted me laughing.
When I opened my eyes, he set me down on a moss covered rock. I smelled moist cool air full of moss and wet rock. It was too dark to see where I was. My stomach tightened with fear, I reached up carefully and tried to feel my surroundings with trembling hands. I crawled on the cold wet stone, and moss covered ground. I finally found a wall and stood up. I quickly hit my head with a loud crack and fell to the stone floor pain flaring in my skull. I heard a low chuckle.
Remembering my captor, I put my back to the wall of what I could only imagine was a cave and groped around to find something, anything within reach to thwart the attack the was surely coming. I found a lose rock a bit bigger than my hand and brought it to my chest, next to my rapidly beating heart.
“You are something,” I heard to my left. “I had no idea what to expect when I arrived here, but as I watched you I found you more fascinating than anyone I ever met.”
Frantically, I examined the rock with my fingers; there was a point on one end. I held it with the point away from me. I could stab him, and then try to find my way out, maybe to the left where he is standing, blocking the exit to keep me here.
“I had to use all my wiles to get that girl to bring you to me. I knew you would never come on your own. You’re so much smarter than that, I could tell,” I turned; his voice came from my right now. Was he circling me? Getting ready to pounce? “I am very excited to have you here.” His voice was right in front of me. His breath came over my face cool and fragrant, a flowery smell on his lips. 
I froze in fear for a second, and then let loose my rock at where I heard his voice last. I grunted with the effort, throwing my whole body into the attack. My hand suddenly was caught in a vice-like hold. I tried to hold the rock but the grip around my wrist was firmer and I couldn’t keep a hold any more, my fingers numb from the pressure. The rock clacked onto the stone floor as I gasped in pain.
Just as suddenly as he had grabbed me he let me go. “I’m sorry, for this,” His voice sounded almost compassionate. “No, I’m not really, but it sounds good.”
He stroked a cold finger along my scar and I flinched away from him. In a quick motion he ripped the collar of my dress and I felt his breath on my throat. He paused just briefly before sinking his teeth into my neck just beside my scar. The pain didn’t come at first, perhaps it was shock, but suddenly I felt a burning in my blood. I screamed once, and it echoed through the cavern; no one to hear. 
I felt weak and my arms, which were on his strong arms trying to push him away, fell down to my sides as though they had fallen to sleep. My heart pounded, forcing the fiery blood through my veins. I couldn’t move and my arms and legs burned. I was lost in the scorching darkness. My loudly protesting heart slowed and then stopped. I’d forgotten about the devil and his hold on my throat as I plunged, my skin bubbling and my blood boiling, into Hell. 
Chapter 4 – The Keystone

There was no silence in Hell as my scorched body slowly cooled. I could hear dripping water all around me. The sound of thousands of small rapid hearts beat a little further, echoing as though they were tiny beating drums in a vast chamber. Slowly I opened my eyes, afraid to see the demons and flames I was told about by my father. There was nothing like that. It was dark and yet somehow I could see perfectly the stone walls and ceiling. I could see the fissures in the rock and water trickling and dripping off stalactites of brown and grey. My eyes searched for the sound of the rapid thrumming. I saw a thousand tiny bats attached to the ceiling flitting and moving about further down the cave room. I could hear each one of them and feel the heat from their tiny bodies from my distance. 
I looked at one bat in particular and could make out its beating heart from the others. I could smell it, I realized. It smelled like guano and something else, something…somewhat appetizing. I swallowed, and there was a burning in my throat. My stomach twisted with hunger and disgust at the thought of the small creature.
I sat up and sitting across from me, his knees up and arms propped on them, was James. He was so very still I hadn’t heard him. He wasn’t breathing, just staring intently at me as if he was waiting for some revelation. Remembering what he did to me, I became fearful again and backed towards the wall. I grabbed the fallen fabric of my dress and gathered it up back to my throat. 
He grinned at me awkwardly and looked down as though he was embarrassed at what he had done. “Sorry about your dress,” He tossed a leather bag at my feet and stood, “but it really isn’t at all practical for what we are going to do today. I brought you some clothes to change into.”
Noiselessly he moved out of the chamber, leaving me alone with the bats. I gathered up the bag and opened it. At the top there was a silver handled brush and mirror, under that was a bundle of clothes.
I took the mirror out of the bag and turned it toward me, gasping at my reflection. I looked almost like the dead me in my nightmare. My pale skin had become white as ivory and so even. There were no blotches of pink on my cheeks. My full lips where no longer red, but pale pink, my hair, partially fallen out of the bun on my head, was glossy. I looked almost angelic or iniquitous, but my eyes were no longer the brilliant green, they were black as coal. I examined my face from all angles and notice that the once red scar was a light pink, barely visible to my keen eyes and there was no mark where I thought James had bitten me. Not a scab or scar or bruising of any kind, I wondered if it was some horrid dream. Then I remembered the painful burning that had moved through every nerve in my body, almost like a bolt of lightning had struck me.
I felt my skin, it was silky smooth no bumps or blemishes of any kind. Pulling the hair from my bun I began brushing it as it fell down the middle of my back in waves. My arms moved quicker than I was used to and I had smoothed out my tresses and pulled my hair into a braid faster than I could have imagined. 
I then looked at the bundle in the sack and realized it was a pair of black breaches and a cotton long sleeved tunic, more like something a boy would wear while hunting not a young woman. Briefly, I thought of Paul Smith, these were things he would wear. Looking toward the exit, I’d wondered if Paul had crossed paths with the monster. I shook the thought from my head and sighed looking down at my ripped and dirty dress. It would just have to do I thought and began to remove my dress. The flimsy fabric ripped in my hands and I carefully examined it. It looked the same as before, common cotton, but I tore it like wet paper.
I tried to be a bit more careful about handling the pants and shirt. As I dressed I concentrated on not tearing the clothes. They fit well enough, a little snug on the hips, but I could move freely.
After I finished dressing, I thought about escape from James. I wondered if my new found speed and strength would be enough to escape from him and get home, wherever that was now. I reached down and grabbed the rock I held tightly to defend myself so long ago, it seemed. Gripping it firmly, I crushed it into gravel between my fingers. Surprised that I crushed the rock, I looked at my hands and arms. There was more muscle there then I remembered. Of course, I wasn’t close in any way to being as big as James, but the muscle was there all the same. I felt my arms and legs and stomach. Where there was softness before now was full of hard rippling muscle. I picked up another rock and using little pressure I compressed it into gravel. I grinned and a small giggle escaped my mouth.
I heard a low laugh from the entrance to the chamber. James was standing silently just outside, waiting for me to change. Although I know he didn’t make a sound as he approached, I could sense him by his smell and the change of pressure in the room without looking. I attacked quickly hoping to use surprise to throw him off guard. I leaped at him reaching out to his throat. He quickly side stepped avoiding my attack and I lithely turned bouncing off the wall and came at him again. This time I reached out and caught him by the leg and he fell backwards to the ground grinning at me as if I were playing a game with him. 
“Good! Very good!” His voice sounded amused. “Now what if I do this?”
He quickly flicked his legs and tangled them with mine. I fell to the stone floor hitting my right cheek on the rock. Pain radiated across my face as bursts of light flashed in my eye, I’m sure there was a crunch as if the bone shattered. He was then on top of me, flipping me onto my back. His weight was heavy, but I was able to adjust my legs and hips and quickly flung him off of me. He flew against the opposite wall. Blood streaked the wall where he slid down. He looked up and put his hand of the back of his head and looked at the blood, dark and black.
“Nice, my darling,” He sighed and made himself more comfortable. “But it will take more than a broken skull to kill me.”
“What have you done to me?” I screamed, my voice echoing in the chamber. The bats fluttered nervously. The burning in my throat complained loudly but my anger was greater. My entire body trembled in fear and anger.
“Now, that is a story worth telling. I would gladly tell you if you promise not to try and kill me… at least for a few minutes anyway.” His voice was not as smooth as it had been in the clearing. “Let’s move to a better location.”
He quickly gathered up all of things, my shredded dress, my sewing basket, the brush and mirror and put them in the satchel then headed out the way he came in without giving me another look. He carefully walked beside me with one hand at my back as if trying to assist me. I didn’t need the help however; the uneven ground did not bother me in the slightest as I gracefully moved through the passageway. 
We wound around the tunnel, and I could tell we were coming close to the surface as the darkness began to lighten all around me. Soon we approached the mouth of the cave, light poured in from the opening bouncing off the crystal flex in the walls. The warmth of the sun pulled me toward the exit. I moved quickly, James fell behind me, watching intently as if every reaction I gave was the most fascinating thing he’d ever witnessed. I broke through and into the bright noon sun. The sunlight burned my eyes, and I closed them letting the warmth heat my frozen body.
James came out of the cave and stood next to me. I looked at him, he was dresses in the same clothes that he wore the night I met him. They were a bit more tattered than I remembered and his collar was ripped and he had dried blood on his sleeve. His hair was still pulled back into the low ponytail, but it was messy and there were bits of pine needles in it. In the light of the sun, his alabaster skin glistened, just slightly, like mother of pearl as he looked out at the horizon. 
Amazed at his smooth white skin, I reached out to touch him, but thought better of it and pulled my hand back. It was then I noticed the same pearly gleam on  my own hand. I held it up in the sun examining it closely. I noticed James smirking as he watched me out of the corner of his eyes and quickly put my hand down suddenly embarrassed. 
Looking around, I realized that we stood on the side of a mountain. Below us there where miles of trees, pine, oak and maple, morning fog creeping through them. Above us was a rocky surface, the pine trees gripping anywhere they could get a foothold. There was a trickling stream somewhere close by and small animals scurrying around in the canopy. I could smell the animals and hear the blood flow through them. I swallowed trying ineffectively to quench the burning in my throat once more as I realized I craved these creatures. No, not them exactly, but the blood flowing through them.
“I think,” James said looking at my expression, “we need to hunt first, and then I’ll explain.” He put down the bag and crouching then leapt into the forest. “Come on,” his voice echoed in the trees.
“Hunt?” I questioned, gazing into the shadows. “Wait, you promised you would tell me…” More questions flew into my mind, but the burning of my throat began to intensify and I was having trouble concentrating on anything but the flames.
I followed where James jumped into the forest. The only thing that kept me from running away from him was the curiosity, the million growing questions I had spinning in my head. Catching up with him, we ran together in silence, the trees rushing past me. I’d never been much of a runner but the speed was exhilarating.  Jumping over small streams effortlessly, my muscles coiled and released at my command, without pain or exhaustion. I turned sharply avoiding the tree trunks and low limbs.
James jumped into a pine tree then lightly jumped from limb to limb. I followed him, aiming for the lowest branch, if he could do it so could I. I over shot my goal and zoomed into the canopy. James gripped my arm pulled me to the branch he crouched on and held me firmly to steady me as I tried to balance on the limb. 
I grinned awkwardly at him, my salvation from falling to my death. “Thanks,” I murmured a little embarrassed. 
He smiled coyly. It wasn’t the same evil smile that he gave me the first time we met, but shy and a bit pleased at my gratitude. I still felt the need to know what happened to me and why he did this, but this one small gesture pulled at my heart. 
Although I feared him and was angry at what had happened, I needed answers. I opened my mouth to speak. He quickly put two fingers on my lips, and then made a soft shush sound.
 “I didn’t want you to scare away our pray,” He whispered in my ear, his voice made a shiver go down my spine.
 “Now,” he pointed below and in front of us. “What do you smell?”
I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply. “Pine, composting leaves, animal dung,” I listed softly. I paused, there was something more. Again I inhaled. “Something… sweet?” My mouth watering, I opened my eyes and looked at him quizzically.
“Yes,” he nodded happily, “now look.” He commanded, continuing to watch what he wanted me to see.
I looked off in the direction of the smell and I could see them. Two men inched along the ground. They wore no shirts. Their skin was russet colored and muscles rippled in their arms and legs as they moved. They both had long black hair pulled back into braids like mine. They wore only a deerskin loin cloth wrapped from the front just under their bellies between their legs and over their backsides. Strapped to this was a knife. They were barefoot and each carried a bow and a quiver of arrows across their backs. As they moved softly along, I followed their direction with my eyes, and saw a deer drinking from a small stream about 30 feet or so from them. They were hunting. 
Hearing the blood flowing through their veins, my mouth began to water. The sweet smell was coming from them. The deer smelled good as well, but not nearly as good as the men. I envisioned me gripping one of the men and clamping my jaw around his neck, the warm sweet blood flowing into my mouth and quenching my burning throat. My mind knew this was the wrong, but the animalistic burning seemed to have a mind of its own. Changing my stance into a crouch, I prepared to leap at them like a cat going after a mouse.
Before I jumped I realized the odor of the men and the deer weren’t the only smells in this part of the forest. Then I heard and saw it; a bear had stumbled onto the scent of the men and the deer. It too was hungry. Seeing the bear, the men stood quickly preparing to run. The bear was much faster than they were and its huge front paw swiped at the closest man to it and he fell, blood spilling onto the ground. 
“Shit!” James growled and jumped off the limb chasing after the running man. 
Although the beast in me had wanted to drink the man’s blood as it spilled to the ground, I also wanted to save him. I jumped and landed on the balls of my feet next to the man. The smell of sweet blood hovered in the air all around me. Standing slowly, I was torn, I wanted to attack the man, helpless before me, but I also knew that was wrong. 
Behind me, the bear growled and a feral instinct filled my body as I jumped at the bear. It didn’t stand a chance against me. The force behind my spring was enough to knock the bear onto its back. It tried to claw at me, making contact only once on my arm before I sunk my teeth into the skin and fur. It struggled for a moment weakly and then it lay unmoving. 
I felt the heat of the warm blood coursing through my body. My cheeks felt flushed for the first time since I entered the cave. As I finished drinking, I felt disgusted at myself for drinking the blood of an animal, but the burning in my throat was sated. 
Looking at my torn shirt and the already dried blood I touched where the bear’s razor sharp claws had dug into me, I couldn’t see a wound of any kind on my pale arm. 
I turned to the man on the ground. He was watching me frozen with fear, his eyes wide with terror. He had claw marks across his chest, but nothing to deep. I could smell the sweet blood, but no longer was drawn to it the way I had before. I could control my urge and approached the man. He tried to crawl backwards away from me saying things I didn’t understand. I held up both of my hands out to him to show him I meant no harm. Realizing the fear he probably felt at seeing a woman kill a bear and drink its blood, I slowly backed away from him and disappeared into the forest. 
Running back through the woods the way I came, I wondered what had come over me. I had frightened that man and attacked and feed on the blood of a bear. Greif over came me as I realized that I’d become something that my father, family and my friends all are frightened of, I was a devil, a product of evil. I didn’t know how many sermons my father gave at the church condemning the devils that came and lured children out of their homes drank their blood and left them cold and lifeless on the ground. My soul had been stolen from me. I was damned for all eternity to burn in Hell.
I made it back to the mouth of the cave and collapsed onto the hard ground and sobbed, but no tears came from my eyes. Loathing my own body, a vessel of evil, I scratched at my face and arms pulled out fistfuls of hair the skin still attached in places and screamed in agony. My chest felt tight and hallow like something had been ripped from inside me. I knew what it was that was gone… my soul. Weeping for my eternal damnation, I prayed to God to forgive me, to send an angel to bring back my soul and free me from my damned existence.
As the sun sunk in the sky, I waited for an angel to come and cast me into the pit. One never came. Instead I was greeted by James, an angel for evil. His cheeks where flushed with fresh blood coursing through his shell. His body radiated with warmth. He looked down at the bloody clumps of hair that were scattered around me and calmly sat next to me as if nothing could possibly be wrong and gazed out to the lovely greenery below us. I wiped my face with my hands and looked at the dry bits of skin blood and hair under my nails.
“What am I?” I tried to control my voice, but it trembled.
He put his arm around me and helped me into a sitting position. “You were bitten by a vampire. My venom flowed into your veins and changed you,” He spoke simply keeping his gaze on the horizon as though he were talking about the weather or this year’s crops.
“Vampire,” I repeated the name of my demise, the undead. I’d heard stories of the dead rising from their graves and sucking the life from others.
“You are strong. You don’t need to sleep. Your senses have improved one hundred times. You’re fast and you heal quickly.”  He brushed a hand across my hair and face smiling gently.
He showed me the back of his head were I had bashed his skull against the cave wall. There was nothing but dried blood. No wound or bruise or scab of any kind. I reached out to touch his scalp. Not even a bump. Looking at the clumps of hair on the ground, I ran my fingers over my own hair, disheveled but completely intact.
He looked down at my tattered sleeve, closed his eyes and sighed. “You drank from the bear, didn’t you?” Shaking his head, he laughed loudly. It echoed across the mountain. “You can survive by drinking from animals, but human blood is much more… agreeable for us.”
He put the back of his hand across my check and stroked my face. His skin was slightly warmer than mine. Minus the radiance to his skin and his red eyes; he looked and smelled mostly human.
We sat in silence for a moment as I absorbed all he had said to me. I watched the eagles soar across the sky. I still expected them to turn into angels and slay me at any moment, but they didn’t. I wished half-heartedly that they would.
“Why me?” I whispered, more to myself than to James. I turned and faced him. “Why didn’t you kill me and turn Mary into… a vampire? She wanted it.”My voice began to break.
“Ah, my lovely Jane that is the question isn’t it.” He took my face in his still warm hands. “I was lonely and I wasn’t about to spend all eternity with that… self-centered girl. I’ve been watching you. You were trapped into marrying a man you did not love. I set you free to do whatever you want, call it a gift. I hope you will be able to forgive my… neediness, and perhaps someday you will feel the same way I feel about you.”
“A gift! The way you feel about me? How do you know what feelings are? You are a soulless monster!” Anger welled up heating my face and I tried to push it down. “And, what about Mary? You didn’t need to kill her!”
His face became hard and slightly angry. “Would she have done the same for you? You know as well as I that she had every intention of ending your life to get what she wanted.” 
I pictured her cold dead body lying in the clearing and the men that would eventually find her. Thinking about the way she looked at me and how she spoke, I knew he was right, but I still found myself feeling terrible that she died because of me. Also, I wished it was me he killed, instead of sitting here now. Yet there was another part, the beast rising into my conciseness that was pleased I was alive and free. 
“What about my father?” My head was spinning trying to absorb all the information.
He grimaced. “If you go back he will surely know what you have become and will have no choice but to kill you, if you do not kill him first. You can never go back. The life you once knew is over.”
“NO!” I cried out in horror and quickly stood up ready to go home. The thought of never seeing my father was just too sickening to imagine. 
“My love, I only want to make you happy, but you should not return to Andover. There is nothing but pain for you there.”  Moving so that he was kneeling in front of me he took my hands in his and looked at me with his vivid red eyes the sincerity of a child on his face. 
My heart tore in half with anger and grief. “Make me happy? What kind of sick twisted hu—thing are you?” I pulled my hands away from his and turned and ran back into the forest.
I wasn’t sure where I was going. I just knew I needed to think, to get away from James. I began to run. The trees became a green blur, but I never ran out of breath or got tired. Running past dirt roads and rivers, I carefully tried to avoid any human smell. I ran until the sun faded and there was no land left. 
I looked out at a large body of water glistening like diamonds, the sun sinking into the horizon. Small feathery waves crashed against the pebbled beach. There was the smell of fish in the air as seagulls swooped from the sky into the dark gray water. To my right a cliff rose up over the water like a castle of brown earth. To my left, more of the rocky beach curved out into the water making a narrow peninsula. I sat on the rocky shore and picked up a hand full of smooth grey stones. Tossing one into the water, it skipped several times before sinking into the dark depths.
My mind wandered to the Merchant of Venice. ‘The quality of mercy is not strained. It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven… Though justice be thy plea, consider this: That in the course of justice none of us should see salvation. We do pray for mercy, and that same prayer doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy.’
Somehow I felt I disserved this horrid fate. This was God’s justice for being such a vile person and unfit daughter. I had pleaded for my freedom even though this was not what I’d had in mind. Swearing to God that I would do my best to appease him and gain back my salvation, I decided that first and foremost, I would show mercy to all humans. I would not drink human blood, no matter how tempting. Perhaps, somehow, God would grant me leniency and return my soul.
The sun vanished from my sight and darkness enveloped me. The moon large and orange rose behind me as the stars began twinkling at me, eyes of Angels looking down. James walked smoothly out of the line of trees and sat next to me. 
“It is lovely here,” He stated simply.
“James, I need you to promise me that you will not harm another human life again.”
He looked at me now darkly. “I won’t promise that.”
“Then I cannot stay with you. Human life is sacred and not to be ruined so carelessly.” 
Fury and sorrow crossed his face, “Human life is a lie, full of betrayal and hate. I’ve saved you from that.”
Examining his expression closely, I wondered what had happened to him to lose value of a soul. Unsure sure why he still felt the need to continue to stay with me, it was leverage I needed. I was afraid, to be alone in this strange new world, especially now that I was like him.
Fear crossed his face suddenly and he looked as though he were afraid I would again run from him, “I can only do what I can. I can’t promise I won’t have difficulties, my love.” He put his arm around my shoulder.
I allowed his arm to remain. It was strangely comforting and at this time I really felt the need for comfort.
I felt as though he was still hiding the true reason for stealing me away from my home and turning me into this creature of evil, “be honest with me, why did you change me?” I timidly asked.
“You, my dearest, are very special,” he squeezed my shoulder gently, “and I’m a terribly selfish creature. I want you to understand, I only changed you to keep you safe, to save your life.”
He sighed and his eyes were far away in thought. I watched him as his face grew sad. For a strange reason, I felt pity for this lonely tortured animal. However, I found it so strange that he thought that taking my soul would save my life. Once again someone was thinking he knew what was best for me, without asking me first.
Chapter 5 – Directionless

We sat at the endless lake watching the calming rhythm of wave after wave crash onto the shore like hells hands reaching toward me to pull me down into the depths of hell. I thought about all the changes that had happened to me the past day. I felt lost, confused and without any path. God had abandoned me in my arrogance and although I loathed it, I knew it was just.
I looked at James who sat calmly, so comfortable in his soulless existence. If we were to spend any more time together, I needed to know more about this strange creature before me and what I had become. I didn’t quite know where to start as questions flew through my thoughts. 
Picking a logical first choice I asked, “Where are you from, James?” I tried to act casual, but the curiosity in me was immense.  
Becoming suddenly interested in a rock at his feet, he picked it up and rolling it deftly between his fingers. I knew he heard me, but he didn’t respond. I began to wonder if he was going to answer my question or avoid it completely. His red eyes looked sad and his mouth hung down slightly in the corners. 
So suddenly it startled me, he spoke: “I was created in France in the Revenant coven. I came to the new world about 30 years ago, I think. Years just blend together when you’ve been around as long as I have. I roamed the coast alone.” 
Examining his face, I couldn’t imagine him being much older than twenty-five, yet he’d been a vampire for at least 30 years. My mind filled with more questions, but I kept silent as he continued to speak.
Tossing the rock lightly into the water, his words flowed more freely now. “When I found you, well, I knew I couldn’t let you suffer a mortal life, to live in grief and die. You were in pain in your human existence, forced to marry one you did not love,” His eyes looked far away. “I couldn’t abide seeing you hurt that way again.”
“What do you mean?” I questioned turning my head slightly to better look at his downturned face. I was confused by his statement. It was as though he thought I was someone he’d known.
“I made horrible mistakes so very long ago. I hurt people that I cared for because I was angry. I sometimes regret, but never forgive…“ His face was so sullen that it nearly broke my heart.
Realizing that this conversation pained him, I changed the subject, “How… how do you, uh, did you change… me?” My voice sounded small and a lump grew in my throat.
“We have venom that we use to incapacitate our victims, like spiders. If we don’t kill, but let the venom flow through the blood stream it will stop their heart and the venom will change them over the course of several days into a vampire.”
“Several days?” Panic filled me as my chest tightened. “How long was I… out?”
“Not too long, only four and a half days,” He stated simply as though there was nothing wrong.
“What?” I couldn’t believe I had been away from my home for so long. Imagining my father worried and searching for his missing daughter. Would he look for me? Would he find Mary and think the worst? Horror filled me and I stood up ready to run back to my home, wherever it was.
I looked around wide-eyed. I’d traveled west and reached, what I could only think was a lake; if I traveled to the east I could at least reach the ocean, perhaps a city and then ask for directions to Andover. I wondered if I would have the strength to not attack humans or if they would realize what I was and try to destroy me. Could I be destroyed? I’d always been told that demons were immortal.
“Wait!” James grabbed my arm. There was a sense of panic in his voice and his crimson eyes widened. “Please don’t go back there. It isn’t safe for you there.”
I yanked my arm away from him, once more feeling the anger flow through me. How could he ask me to wait when he’d destroyed my soul and took me from everything I’d ever known? “I thought you said we couldn’t be hurt.” 
“Well, that is not exactly true.” He sat on his knees looking like a child caught in a lie. “You see we heal quickly, but we can be torn or hacked apart and if we are burned to ash… Well, we can never come back from that.” He stood quickly and put his hands on both sides of my face so gently I barely felt his touch. Brining his face so close to me, I could once again smell his floral breath, he whispered, “Jane, they will think that you have been turned by the devil. You will be taken before the local magistrates, and, if you don’t kill them first, you will be found guilty and burned at the stake or beheaded then your body burned.” 
I remembered my father talking about the witch trials, how the people were persuaded to admit guilt then killed. The grief of losing my mother was horrid for my father. The only thing that kept him going was to keep me safe. If he was never to see me again… he may not survive that sorrow. To never be able to see him again was just too unbearable to think about. It was unbelievable that my father was gone to me along with everything else I knew. 
The rage I had held back from before began to spill up into my consciousness. It clouded my vision. This man, no not a man, this monster ruined my life, my soul. A life I despised, but it had been sacrificed for soulless immortality and I couldn’t allow this to happen. I felt the heat of my hatred spill out and I did nothing to stop it now. He must have sensed his impending demise, because he began to back up, placing himself between the trees and me. Holding his hands out defensively, a look of fear crossed his face.
“Jane, please don’t do anything too rash,” He pleaded. “You need me. There are things you don’t understand yet. There is so much more I need to explain to you. You are in more danger than you know if you go back!”
I came at him then with all the hate I had, the anger and frustration rippled through my muscles. Faster than I’d ever moved before, I grabbed him by the arms. The beast in me pulled hearing the skin and muscle rip. He let out a bloodcurdling scream. The bones snapped and I let the arms in my hands fly back into the cold dark lake water. In a fraction of a second he was gone. His body parts scattered in the water, beach and forest boundary. 
Trembling with fear and anger, I gasped as I realized what I had done. I had destroyed him. I had killed the demon that brought me into this dark world. Afraid and confused at what I, the monster, had done, I had harmed another being. Yes, he was a demon, but he was a living being and I ruined that life. 
Looking down at my blood covered hands, I remembered, ‘The villainy you teach me I will execute, and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction.’
Terrified, I ran following my scent back the way I came. I smelled his scent occasionally crossing my own as though he had been tracking me. As I flew over the hills and through fields of sleepy flowers, I could see the stars fading in the early morning grey sky. The horizon began to lighten with a touch of pink. Morning was coming.
I stopped at a stream and kneeled down next to it sobbing tearlessly. Looking at my reflection in the clear water, I could see I was splattered in his stolen blood. As I quickly washed it off my hands and face I noticed my clothes had the same splattering of blood. Pulling off the clothes I scrubbed them in the water. I wrung them out and hung them on a branch to dry. I washed the rest of my body and hair in the cold stream, trying to removing all traces of James from my skin. I finger combed my hair and pulled it back into a braid. Somewhat refreshed, I turned my thoughts to returning to Andover and my father.
As I put back on my slightly damp clothes, I smelled the sweet delicious smell of a human drifting on the warm breeze. Quickly, I ran on through the forest before I could be tempted to attack whoever stumbled upon me. I feared that this person was following me so I jumped to the trees with a graceful leap and hoped from one branch to another getting some distance from the scent. Feeling I’d lost the person, with a soft thump, I dropped from the trees onto the ground. Carefully, I made my way to the cave entrance. It seemed like so long ago that I left here, although it was really only one day. It reeked with the smell of vampire, of James. 
Looking down at my hands, I could still see the dark blood even through I’d washed them. I still couldn’t believe what I had done. Truly I’d become a soulless monster. When I faced my father again, would he do as he promised and destroy the devil I’d become. Would I be able to allow him to? I feared death and hell, but also my bestial existence.
I needed to think about my options. I could make my way to France. There, I knew, were others like me. No they were more like James. Looking again at the imaginary blood on my hands, I was more like him than I’d like to admit. There had to be some that lived in some sort of harmony with the world around them. I needed to find those or spend eternity alone. I understood James’ fear of being alone. Eternity was a long time to be on your own with no one to talk to or care for. I couldn’t stay here spending my time in a cave. Besides, it smelled too much like him.
Again I smelled the same human scent as before traveling on the wind. Well, if he wanted to find me I was going to let him. Whatever happened was going to be his fault for being so persistent. I picked up the bag with my only belongings now and slung it over my shoulder. Walking down from the cave a little way I sat cross-legged on a large boulder to wait. I heard quiet movement as they twisted through the trees and brush. Two people came close to my boulder and I was able to get a good look.
It was the same man I had saved from the bear. He was wrapped in bandages across his chest were the bear had clawed him. He carried a small bundle and had with him a young girl. The aroma of fear was heavy around the small dark-haired figure. She was very willowy and diminutive, perhaps no more than 13 years old. She had the same russet colored skin as the man. Her thick black hair was pulled into two low ponytails. Her face was round. Her eyes were a deep walnut brown and shaped just like the man’s. She wore a dress made of light brown animal skin. 
She was the first to see me on my perch and let out a small scream and took a step back. I didn’t move keeping perfectly still as a statue. I continued to stare at them. He grabbed her arm and began talked excitedly to her in a language I didn’t recognize. She looked reluctantly at me, but he motioned to me with his hand.
“My brother,” she spoke perfect English and there was a hint of resentment, “wishes to thank you for saving him.” 
She turned as if to walk away, and he spoke to her again in an angry tone. He wanted to tell me more and she just wanted to leave. Understanding her point of view, I smiled slightly.
“He would like to know if there is something we can do for you, pale spirit.” Her voice was slightly angry, but controlled.
“What did you call me?” I tried to keep my voice as calm and pleasing as I could.
Eyes wide and mouths open, they both stared at me for a moment. It was as though they didn’t know what I was asking them and I wondered if somehow she could speak English, but not understand it.
“I called you the pale spirit.” She bowed slightly turning her eyes to the ground almost is some sort of reverence. Her brother continued to stare at me. His breathing was shallow, probably due to his injuries, but I could smell the wound at every movement of his chest. My mouth watered slightly at the odor and I held my breath.
“What is your name?” I asked a little softer and slower trying to not inhale and breathe in the aroma. 
She told me her name in her native language. I narrowed my eyes, not understanding her at all. “You may call me Red Morning, and this is Little Hawk.” She gently held out her hand toward the man.
“My name is Jane.” Was I still the same person I was a week ago? “And no there is nothing you can do for me. Except,” I added, “stay away from me. I’m dangerous.”
Crouching on the large boulder I coiled my muscles and jumped into the canopy of the pines as easily as if I were playing hopscotch. I inhaled deeply letting the fragrant bouquet of pine flow over me, clearing my head from the smell of the luscious humans behind me. I wondered if I would be able to face my father without attacking him when the demon inside me craved the blood inside all living creatures
As I leap further away, I heard her shout echo through the forest: “We will be thankful to you no matter what! We will tell the story of the Pale spirit for generations!”
I hit the ground and ran to the east. I thought at least I would get to the ocean. I needed some direction. I felt lost in a world I didn’t understand. I plunged further into the trees, into my murky existence. The hollow in my chest pained. 
I remembered a quote from the Bible: “Trust in thy Lord with all your heart; do not depend on your own understanding. Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.” I needed my father, he always had helpful advice. My dead heart cringed as I thought of all the advice I’d ignored the last few days of my human existence. If I’d had taken his guidance, I probably wouldn’t be in this mess. 
Even though it was day, darkness closed in around me as dark grey clouds blotted out the sky. I felt a mist on my cheeks and occasional drips through the canopy. It must be raining, I thought. Unexpectedly, I broke through the line of trees and realized with shock I was staring into the wet village of Andover. 
The village looked the same as I remembered it. The roads, now nothing more than streams of muddy water, were empty of people and wisps of smoke swirled in the air from each of the brick or stone chimneys of the houses lined neatly in rows. The clouds where dark and darker in the east, this rain was going to be here a while. Walking back to the safety of the dark forest, I stayed within the line of trees and circled the town. Drops of cool rain fell on me as it poured harder and fell through the umbrella of leaves overhead. If I could just get close to the church, I thought I could slip in and to my father’s house unnoticed. I just had the desire to see him if only for a moment to make sure he was safe.
There was something terribly wrong as I approached the church. The square brick building stood still and reverent, a symbol of my lost God. The tall narrow windows were boarded up. Between the gaps in the boards I could see broken glass hanging from the broken wooden grilles and sashes. All around me where I stood, I could smell something familiar. The odor was like James. No, not James but it was similar to his fragrance, other vampires perhaps. There was also a smell of decay. If my heart were working, I would think it would have been pounding in my ears.  I listened intently and I didn’t hear anyone in the church. 
I crept through the pasture behind the church, all my new senses on high alert. The cold spring rain came down in torrents, now soaking my clothes and running through my hair and down my back. The back door, twisted and mangled lay crooked in the frame as if someone had ripped it off the hinges and then wedged it back on. Carefully as I could I pulled the door open and set it to the side and stole into the building. 
The rain made soft patter sounds on the roof and echoed through the cavernous worship room and into this small hallway, but there was no other sound. The smell of decay and the other smell, others like me, were stronger here. Shards of glass and splatters of blood littered the floors by the windows. 
I walked into the large room where the congregation met. Once this room was lit brightly from the sun, in the mornings the sun would rise behind my father as he preached over us like God himself raising his hands out to bless us. Now because of the boards and the rain blocking the sun, it was shrouded in darkness. It was then I knew why it smelled like death.
I walked onto the raised platform where the pulpit was and in front of me stood five wooden tables with white shrouds covering bodies that lay on top of them.  Behind them the rows and rows of well-worn white-washed wooden pews filled the rest of the room. At the back wall there were more boarded up broken windows and the heavy wood and metal double doors to the front of the church which looked untouched and secured. 
I trembled as I approached the table closest to me. Tentatively, I reached out and slowly pulled the cloth off of the face, I had to know. The face of John, my would-be fiancé, stared up at me with a wide eyes and his mouth slightly open as if in the midst of a scream. There was a large chunk of his throat torn out. I gasped and dropped the shroud back onto his face. I closed my eyes but could still see his face glaring at me accusingly. 
Looking at the rest of the tables before me, I reluctantly walked to the next table. I felt as though I was walking through ankle deep wet sand. But I needed to know who they were and if one was my father. The second body was my father’s closest friend, Paul. He had several bite sized wounds on his face, neck and arms as if he was trying to fend off an animal, no a monster.
I lifted the shroud of the third body next; I shuddered and a sob broke out of my body resonating through the church. There lay my father. His eyes closed, his mouth set in a look of determination or defiance. I knew he had no fear of death, he was prepared and had always longed to see my mother in heaven. I reached down and stroked his face and hair as a mother would do to a sleeping child. The world became a black void and I no longer heard the pattering of the rain or smelled the decay. My eyes were focused only on the man that raised and loved me.
That’s why I never heard the large front door creak open, or the pale stream of light that spread down the center aisle. I was gripped by my elbows and quickly whisked backwards to the backdoor. As I was swept away I saw two women, dressed in black standing at the door. They were looking at each other and whispering softly. They had not seen me standing next to my father’s cold body.
Chapter 6 – Safety

I was lifted tightly into someone’s arms as we flew out of the back of the church and into the surrounding forest. Almost unbelieving that he could survive what I had done, I expected to look up and see the angry red eyes of James. Instead I saw the square jaw and alabaster skin of an Adonis. He had short dark brown hair, disheveled and wet with the rain. He had dark eyes barely visible under his dripping hair. 
“Stupid girl,” His voice was angry, but soft and silky. He spoke without looking at me as though he was talking to himself, “I never thought you would be so stupid to return here. James must not have explained everything to you, or you would never have come.” 
At the sound of James’ name, it registered to me that this was a vampire and apparently was in league with him. Visions of my father and John flashed in my memory. I struggled and protested, “Let go of me! Put me down!” I scratched at him and slapped him in the face and neck.
He instantaneously stopped and put my feet on the ground rather carefully as I continued to abuse my captor. It surprised me that he did it without argument and I stopped attacking him. He continued to stand close almost protectively to me and his eyes roamed quickly around and didn’t seem troubled in the slightest at my assault. He was about 6 inches taller than I was so I had to look up into the rain at his face. He wore black pants and a pullover white shirt with a string tie from his chest to his neck loosely tied. All of the clothes looked too big for him and hung awkwardly on his narrow muscular frame. He wasn’t nearly as big as James, the bear, but he looked like he might be able to hold his own in a fight.  Frighteningly I wondered if it would come to that and if I could truly harm him.
“Listen,” he stated and he looked at me for the first time with his dark black eyes with a bit of red around the edges, his face sober. “We need to get out of here before they realize you were here. I can explain everything later. You need to understand we are in danger right now.”
His eyes, beautifully rich and smoldering, looked deeply into mine. I felt mesmerized by them, as though I could get lost in them forever. I squeezed my eyes shut and again saw my father lying on the hard table in the church I’d just been stolen away from.
“By ‘they’ you mean the ones that did that?” My voice cracked as I pointed in the direction of the church and opened my eyes to look at his reaction.
“Yes.” He stated simply and looked around us quickly again as though he’d heard something terrifying approaching us.
Anger boiled in my veins and I squeezed my hands into fists to stop them from shaking. “I want them to come.” I whispered low almost in a growl.
“No, you don’t. Not right now anyway. I’m not ready to—“he sighed deeply as though he were so very tired. It was a lovely sound that strangely pulled at my chest. He then looked at me pleadingly with those unfathomable eyes. “Please come with me.”
I melted in his smoldering gaze that was so full of concern. Without taking any time to think, I answered, “Yes.”
He took my hand in his and we escaped into the dark wet trees, around the village and to the south. The clouds darkened and thunder boomed all around us. There were flashes of light which made every tree look like my enemy. Low branches and vines pulled on my clothes and hair like fingers reaching out to me. I had no fear, however, except to lose this extraordinary man from my vision. He seemed to have bewitched me to make me come so willingly, but I needed answers to the millions of questions rolling in my head, and he, it seemed, was prepared to answer them.
We ran without pause through the night in the maze of trees and high peaked hills. Eventually the rain slowed and stopped completely. He ran in sure and graceful strides. He must have followed a map in his head because he never stopped to look for a direction or marker. To me, all the trees and each stream we crossed looked the same.
The grey sky lightened as the sun began to rise, turning from grey to peach. As the number of trees began to lessen, we slowed to a walk then stopped before we cleared all the trees. Below us was a gentle slopping valley where I could see a peninsula between two large rivers. The land gradually sloped down and into the ocean where several ships lingered. Dirt roads meandered to the peninsula where a sprawling town of red and plum brick buildings sat.
“I, uh, think we need to hunt—“He started as he slowly let go of my hand looking a bit embarrassed.
“NO!” I panicked, remembering the last time I hunted I nearly killed someone. “I cannot stomach stealing some poor person’s life.”
“Look, Jane we don’t have to hunt humans. I need to feed before we go into Charles Towne.” His voice was calm and understanding and he gestured to the town on the peninsula. 
“Charles Towne, in South Carolina?” I repeated. I couldn’t believe I was in South Carolina. I’d always want to see it and believed that would never happen. Awed, I looked around me.
He looked at my torn and bloody clothes, and smirked at me as if he found me very amusing. “You’ll need some new clothes too. We can’t go into town looking like you just came from a slaughter.”
“Wait, you told me you’d explain what was going on. And who are you? And how did you know where I was?” The words poured out of my mouth.
He sighed musically and closed his eyes blocking my view of them, “I would have thought that James would have told you, but…” 
Opening his eyes, he narrowed them angrily and a chill went up my back. He knew James, perhaps he knew what I did. I inhaled sharply at the thought of his wrath. 
“My name is David,” Smiling warmly, he held his hand out to me.
“I’m Jane,” I responded looking at his hand dumbly.
David smiled widely showing a set of perfect white teeth. He reached out and took my hand in his. His hands were soft and slightly cooler than my hand. I felt butterflies in my stomach. He brought it up to his lips. Without taking his eyes off me, he kissed the top of my hand as if it was a delicate blossom and I noticed he briefly inhaled as if he was smelling me. He then lowered my hand and unhurriedly released it.
His black and red eyes sparkled, even though there was no direct sunlight through the thick clouds. “Did James tell you anything about other vampires?” He questioned me as we casually strolled back into the foliage.
Thinking of James, I cringed slightly, hopefully unnoticeable to David. “He told me there are covens of other vampires. He was in a group called Revenant, I think.”
“Do you know who Revenants are?” David questioned.
“No.” It was a question I’d wanted to ask James, but forgot in my rush to get back to my father. At the thought of my father a spasm of grief washed over me.
“Well, let me enlighten you. The Revenants are the coven of vampires in France. If you want to live in France and you are a vampire you must pledge loyalty to them or be destroyed.” His voice became strained. “The covens tend to fight with each other. They all want strong vampires on their side so they constantly increase their population. But it’s a balancing act.” He tossed his hands in the air casually. “If there are too many in the clan, they become noticed by the humans.”
He paused for a long moment as though he were waiting for my reaction or a comment. I obliged, “And that’s bad.”
“Yes,” he chuckled. “As you are probably well aware, we heal quickly, but if we are burned to ash, we will not survive.”
I thought back to James on the beach of the lake. I couldn’t believe that he could come back from the horrible thing I had done to him. I just couldn’t picture him putting himself together. I imagined his arms crawling from the dark water and finding his body and slowly gathering himself up. I shivered.
“How about we split up and look for something to hunt?” He suggested concern on his face as he watched my reaction. “But promise me, Jane that you will be careful and stay alert. I won’t be too far away.”
“Oh,” I was surprised that he would let me go so freely.
“Would you like to hunt together?” He looked at me with one eyebrow raised. I thought I heard some hope, or relief in his voice.
“No,” I blurted. Then more calmly: “I can go on my own. That would be fine.”
He took to the right of me and disappeared into the brush. I then inhaled deeply, hoping to avoid the scent of human and concentrate on the animals. I found a trail of some animal’s scent and followed it. 
Eventually, I found the object of my requirements. I’d hunted a few times with my father, but had never killed anything. My new senses had made it so much easier to find my quarry. A cougar was resting in a tree. Letting the monster in me take over, I silently leapt into the air and tackled the beast to the ground. I subdued the creature with my strong arms and sunk my teeth into its neck. Blocking the process and just doing what felt natural, it was easier this time to feed.
I drank quickly eager to return to David. I felt oddly uneasy without him around. Although, I couldn’t quite understand the need, it was there and I couldn’t disregard it. He was a connection to what I’d become and I hoped he would be able to explain what happened to my father. There was more going on than I’d imagined and I’d hoped to get some answers from this vampire.
I came back to where we had separated to find him moving slowly in some sort of odd dance.  I watched in silence. He had taken off his shirt and his pale skin was luminous in the filtered sunlight. Muscles rippled on his arms and back and chest as he turned slowly waving his arms as if fending off an invisible attack. The motion was beautiful and sinuous. His face was completely relaxed. His eyes closed. After sometime he finished the elaborate dance and bowed from his waist as if in a salute and opened his eyelids.
His eyes were a dark red. One might mistake them for brown if not looking too closely. He reached out and retrieved a bag hanging from a tree limb.
“What was that you were doing?” I asked.
“It’s called tai chi, something I learned to help keep me calm. You may have noticed that your temper tends to be closer to the surface than it used to? Well, it’s like that for all of us.” 
He started pulling clothes out of the bag. He looked me up and down. “I had some trouble finding clothes that would fit you.” He looked at the clothes then at me. “How are you feeling?” He questioned lightly.
“What?” I was confused. I’d just been damned to hell and my father killed and I didn’t know why.
“Well, you look like you were sick or something before you where changed.” He gazed at me as if he knew more than he was saying.
As he was looking me up and down, I felt embarrassment and anger course through me. He thought I was ill? A surprising growl escaped my lips and I pushed him. He flew back several yards knocking over a sapling, snapping it in half.
 “See what I was talking about with the anger thing.” He laughed as he picked himself up.
He came close to me and put his hands on my shoulders. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings. It’s just that I…” He reached down and fumbled with the bag.
“How did you find me and why?” I was still angry, but found that I wanted to reach up and touch his face, to see if it was as soft as it was beautiful, instead I twisted my fingers around themselves. 
He turned and cleared his throat. “Now is not the time. I’ll tell you about it later. I got you a blue gown. I hope you like it.” 
He handed me a bundle from the bag he was holding without looking at me. I felt that I must have asked him something extremely private. I took the bundle and turned my back to him, he had already started putting on a clean shirt.
The gown was a lovely light blue color. It had some darker blue lace on the tight fitting bodice and on the elbow length sleeves. Quickly, I changed. The full skirt was slightly above my ankle and flowed well. Remembering the boys clothes James had for me, I wondered where he’d gotten it.
“How did you come by this?” I asked hoping he didn’t kill anyone for it for I couldn’t wear it if that was the case.
“I stole it.” He stated as if this was normal behavior.
“You stole it!” I turned, glaring at him.
He laughed, “I’m joking. I bought them a while ago. I don’t like stealing, it causes unnecessary attention.”
Gazing at him, I’m sure my mouth hung open when I took in his whole look. He wore black pants and a white button shirt with a black coat that was snug to the waist then hung loosely down to his knees. He held a tricorne black hat in his other hand. Putting the hat on his dark hair, he held up a black ribbon with a small silver medallion. Carefully, he tied it around my neck periodically glancing at my face as if for approval.
“You look lovely.” His voice was soft. 
“Thanks.” If I could have, I’m sure I would have flushed with embarrassment at his attention.
He handed me a straw hat with a wide brim and shallow crown with a light blue ribbon around it. I pulled out the brush and mirror and doing my best put my hair in some semblance of order. Using pins already in the hat, I pinned it to my hair.
He looked up behind me at the afternoon sun, “We have some time. Let me tell you more about the Revenants, and their interest in you.” He held out his arm. I grabbed the bag I’d carried with me and I looped my arm into his and we walked very slowly down the hill to the road. 
“The leader of the Revenants is a vampire named Gabriel. He is a ruthless dictator bent only on destruction and the need for power. About 30 years ago Gabriel came across a young girl who could foresee the future. Gabriel wanted to keep this girl for her ability. He wanted to wait till she would be old enough to go through the change. It is a difficult process as you are aware of for an adult, but a child wouldn’t be able to handle the pain. I’ve been told they would lose their minds. She became ill, near death. So he went to her to bring her into our world, but her heart was too weak and she died. Before she expired, however, she foretold of a woman who would be from a new world. This woman would bare a mark on her neck, like a serpent.” He glanced at my neck and then looked away quickly. “The marked woman would bring the end to all Gabriel’s plans. Of course, Gabriel couldn’t let that happen. He sent James to look for you and bring you to France so that Gabriel could kill you himself.”
He waited for my reaction, but I had become so engrossed in the story that it didn’t even register to me that the woman that was going to be killed was me. We had reached the side of the dusty road and he turned to face me.
“James had been here in the new world, exploring and looking for the girl that fit the description. To turn you into a vampire is an act of defiance in Gabriel’s eyes. James has broken the command of Gabriel and saved you temporarily.” He cupped my chin in his hand gently and brought me closer to his face. “The attack on your father and his church were Gabriel’s trackers coming to look for you. He won’t be happy with James at all. Gabriel will want him dead now for sure.”
There was concern in David’s features. He was worried about James, just as much as he was worried for me. I didn’t understand his need to protect me, let alone James. The world faded around me as I gazed into the depths of his burgundy eyes. I felt incredibly safe beside this man, as though he would always protect me.
The sound of a wagon came from the distance and he released my face breaking my connection into his heart. I could smell the horse and the heavy perfume of a woman and man. They were laughing loudly, which sounded harsh compared to the lyrical laugh of David.
“We need to act like humans now. Blend in with them.” He spoke quickly as the buggy turned the corner and came into view. “We have just gotten married and are returning to Spain to visit your family. Oh, my last name is Waite, so you are for now, Jane Waite. And don’t let anyone see your eyes.”
I didn’t mind being Jane Waite for the moment. I could almost see me being her forever. He put his arm around my waist as the buggy approached. My empty chest flickered slightly at the feel of his arm. I suddenly didn’t feel so hallow.
Chapter 7 – Charles Towne

We both smiled warmly as the buggy approached. Two brown horses were attached to a black two-seater trap with polished brass lamps and bright red wheels. In the front sat a rather large woman dressed in a dark blue riding habit. Her face was very round and as red as her curly locks poking out from under the lace and feather hat. She was fanning herself furiously with the purple fan in one hand while she held a black ruffled umbrella in the other. The man must have been tall, for his knees came up almost to his chest. He was portly, but not nearly as large as the woman. He was quite tan and wore a very nice black suit and a tricorne hat that was covered in road dust from their travel.
They pulled to a stop as they neared us. Thankfully, the sun had just slipped behind the trees leaving the still cloudy sky in a dark angry grey and concealing our luminous white skin and red eyes or they may not have stopped to pick us up. The woman frowned, but the man had a genial smile.
“Need a ride into Charles Towne?” The man had a surprisingly squeaky voice and I had to purse my lips to stop myself from giggling.
“Yes, thank you.” David spoke in his velvety voice and gave my arm a gentle squeeze.
At the sound of David’s voice, they both reacted strangely. The woman smiled widely and fluttered her strawberry blonde eyelashes at him and even giggled flirtatiously. The man’s face became slightly red and his mouth opened in slight awe.
Glancing at me with a wide grin, David walked me to the back seat. He climbed in then helped me up and into the buggy. He then sat close beside me on the velvet cushioned seat. I felt sorry for the two horses; with the load they had carried this far and now adding two more they would be exhausted by the time we reached the outskirts of town.
“So, what brings you to Charles Towne?” the squeaky voice of the man asked.
“Well,” David started carefully adjusting his tone so it was a bit louder and harsher, “my lovely Jane misses her family and we were hoping to procure a ship to take us back to Spain.” 
He took my hand in his and winked at me as if we were sharing a secret. My stomach flipped a little and I wondered why I was behaving so irrationally. I hardly knew this man and with all that had happened; I shouldn’t be acting like a love sick fool. We bounced along the road closer to the town.
“Good luck with that,” The woman spoke in a high voice as well. She sounded a bit disappointed. “Pirates have been attacking all the ships in this area. The ships in the harbor haven’t left for at least a month. They are waiting for the King’s Navy to escort them. No one knows when they will get here.”
“Pirates? I didn’t know there were pirates,” whispering to David, I felt a bit frightened. I realized David was looking at me comically his chest giggling with silent laughter. Obviously, we would have no problems with pirates, since we were stronger and faster than any human. He squeezed my hand and again winked at me, shaking his head just a little. 
The woman prattled on about the pirates and the end of civilization. I lost interest in her annoying voice and looked around. The spring evening was lovely. Behind us was a gold and pink sunset just beyond the clouds. There was rain still coming down far to the north but the clouds to the south had all but gone. All along the side of the road was long green grass flowing in the slight cool breeze with flecks of blue chicory flowers and yellow and white daisies. The air smelled of the salty ocean, grass and moist earth, an inviting wonderful smell. I tried to ignore the smell of the human’s warm blood in front of me.
There were four men with rifles standing at the entrance to the town.  The horses slowed and halted by the command of their driver. We were close to the men and one of them approached the squeaky voiced man. The guard cradled a musket and put his hand on the break of the buggy.
“Good evening, sirs. Ladies,” He nodded to each of us in turn. I noticed his eyes paused on me and I was afraid we would be found out. I looked down quickly, unsure if he noticed my red eyes. After a slight pause he continued, “What is your business in Charles Towne?”
The high voiced man spoke first. “We are here to visit family. We’ll be here for a couple weeks.” I noticed he didn’t acknowledge us at all, but seemed to include us as he spoke. “What is going on sir?”
“There were some murders here almost a week ago. We are looking for two tall slender men that were seen fleeing the scene.”
I saw David tense, his jaw tightened and his free hand balled up into a fist. I wondered if he knew more than what these people were aware of. I thought briefly about the trackers he had told me about. Could these beasts be the murders they were looking for?
“Do you think that they could still be here?” The woman asked the question I had in my mind.
“They are probably long gone,” the guard assured her smiling warmly, “but we are continuing to watch, just to be safe.”
The guard removed his hand from the carriage. “Move along then and enjoy your stay.” He glanced at me once more a slight smile crossed his lips and then walked back to the rest of the men, ending the conversation. He talked to the others and they glanced in our direction, smiling widely.
I wondered if they realized that I was a danger to this city. That between David and I, we could kill hundreds before dawn. I wanted to scream at the soldiers to stop us that we could murder so many. David must have realized my panic and took my hand in his and squeezed it reassuringly. I sighed softly and noticed a slight grin appear on David’s face.
“Do you have a place to stay while you’re in town?” the man questioned, as we traveled down the busy thoroughfare.
“Yes,” David lied. “You can drop us here. My cousin’s home is not far away.”
“Good luck with the ship,” The man added as we got out of the buggy.
“Thank you,” I said. As I spoke, I could immediately tell, I should have kept my mouth shut. They both stared at me, their jaws dropped and eyes almost falling out of their heads.
“Yes, thanks,” David added, slightly annoyed. Trying to move at a normal pace, he quickly pushed at the middle of my back, shepherding me down the walkway.
As we moved further away from them, I whispered: “Why were they staring at me like that? Did I do something or say something wrong?”
David grinned and laughed softly again sending a thrill down my spine. “No. It’s the way all humans act around vampires. We are the perfect predator for humans.  We have an aura that naturally attracts our prey. Our voice, our gestures, even our smell is attractive to humans. Although, you are much more attractive than any vampire I’ve ever seen.” He took my arm and wrapped it around his without looking at me and we strolled down the walk.
“What about our eyes?” My head was spinning with his complement. “Yours are almost brown now.”
“What we feed on is what changes the eye color. I feed on a deer this afternoon, thus my eyes are dark. When we feed on more powerful creatures our eyes get brighter.” 
He looked into my eyes and I practically melted. I couldn’t imagine how humans felt about him if I reacted this way to his glance.
“You had a cougar or mountain lion?” He questioned.
I was surprised. “A cougar, yes. Wow, that is amazing. What color are my eyes?”
He paused in front of a store window and turned me to the glass. I looked at my reflection and saw that my eyes were a coral color. It was a very pretty color against my pale skin and dark lashes. Then I remembered when he took me away from Andover his eyes were ruby and black.
“Why were your eyes black and red when you found me at the church?” I turned and looked up to his face.
He grimaced. “I hadn’t eaten in a while. Our eyes turn black when we are hungry,” he stated and quickly turned us down a side road.
We walked in silence as the lamps along the road were being lit. People bustled about and seemed oblivious to us. I enjoyed blending into the community without fear. Here we were just a couple on an evening stroll through town.
I noticed that David watched me carefully as the people passed by. I guessed he waited for me to lunge at them and rip their throats out. Although, I did feel the desire to attack the need to spare their lives was greater and I avoided inhaling when they got to close to me. 
We headed down the road that directed us to the water front. There were less people along this route, mostly sailors and merchants take their wares into the city. The port had several buildings lining a wooden dock that stretched out into the bay. Three ships were attached with large ropes, two had three tall masts, the third was a merchant ship that had two masts and was much wider and shorter than the other two. At the mouth of the river there were several barges preparing to travel up the river. I could smell fish and the brackish water and hear the waves lap up against the boats and dock.
David quickly directed me to one of the square stone buildings with heavy shutters on the windows. “We need to get out of here as quickly as we can before the Revenant trackers locate us. They are good at what they do and it won’t be long before the find us.” I thought I caught a slight hint of panic in he’s voice.
He walked us into the three story building, a shipping office. There was a large room with wooden floors and several simple wooden chairs in a row along one wall. David directed me to sit there as he went to a long counter that divided the room in half where a balding old man with round wire-rimmed glasses stood watching us.  We were the only customers in the room. Several lanterns lined the counter and he had been in the process of lighting them. 
I wandered around the open door looking at the ships tied to the dock bobbing slowly up and down with the waves. I watched the sailors amble up and down the dock with crates and barrels. Occasionally one of them would glance in the doorway and pause to gawk briefly at me. I was starting to get used to people staring, although I’d never liked it even when human and without fear of being a creature of the dark.
It surprised me how quickly I was becoming accustomed to being this beast. I enjoyed the strength, speed, and even the way people gazed at me. I knew I probably wouldn’t feel this secure in my new skin, if David wasn’t with me. I owed him so much.
A smell came to me then, the same sweet smell of James, David and me. I startled, realizing the smell was of another vampire. I saw them appear in the doorway quickly, two long and lanky men blocking the entire entrance. They were dressed in black pants and button shirts and waistcoats. They looked like twins, with shoulder length straight black hair framing their white skin.  Their eyes were black with a light red ring around the irises, hungry. Each had the same excited expression and a wide grin on their thin lips showing a set of perfect white teeth filed down to points. I felt my stomach jump to my throat and I stumbled backward knocking over a chair with a bang.
Abruptly, David was in front me a soft growl came from his throat like a wild beast. I could smell fear from the man behind the counter, most likely fear at the supernatural speed in which David moved. I’d hoped the man would have sense enough to leave before this turned into a fight. I wanted no more bloodshed on my account.
 “Hello… Jane,” the first spoke smoothly as he moved to my right. The sound of my name on his lips made David glare at the vampire, his lip curled in a snarl.
“David, we are a little surprised to see you here,” The second added with his acidic voice. “I thought for sure James would never have let her out of his site. But once again you have saved him.” He looked at me knowingly.
My mind quickly wandered to James at the beach. Unmerited panic gripped me as I hoped, ironically that they hadn’t hurt him. I wondered why I feared for the crazed vampire that I myself had harmed and, being truthful to myself, wanted to kill at that beach.
The two trackers slithered into the room. Always they remained between us and the door. David moved me with his arm so that he was between both of them and me like the center of a triangle. He was in a half crouch tense and alert. Looking back toward the counter I saw with relief that the old man was gone. Comforted that he would be safe, I’d hoped there was a back door to this building where we could make our escape. Slowly, I stepped away from David and closer to the counter with the lamps. He adjusted his position, an unsure expression on his face about what I was going to do, but his eyes never left the trackers. I’m sure he didn’t want to have to worry about my actions hindering him and I’d hoped he wouldn’t have to.
As rapidly as I could I grabbed the first two lamps closest to me and flung them at each of the vampires. All of the oil in the lamps ignited and caused flames to burst out around and onto them. I grabbed a shocked David by the back of his jacket and ran as fast as I could to the back room where I hoped the old man had escaped through a rear door. I didn’t look back but the smell of burning oil and flesh and unearthly screams from the trackers filled the room. 
We rushed into a smaller room where there were many crates stacked along the walls there was a smell of sawdust all around us. David saw a door to the right as this room began to fill with black oily smoke. Quickly, we took it and ran along the dock to the south side of the city. Both of us looked back and saw the stone and wood structure engulfed in flames and blue grey smoke. Men where rushing to put out the fire and prevent it from spreading to the other buildings along the docks.
We ran to the river side of the city and followed it inland. Once we made our way out of the town and to a narrower part of the river, we jumped across, barely making the shore opposite us. Taking my hand in his I realize that his jacket and shirt had been burned and there was a red blistered area on his forearm where the material had melted to his skin.
I stopped suddenly, “David, your hurt!”
He briefly looked down at his arm, “Oh, it’s nothing. It will heal soon enough, let’s go.”
I noticed David had a big excited grin across his face. Gradually he turned us back toward the ocean and we ran south along the shore with the yellow moon and the stars to light our way through the seaweed and grass, as if we needed it. Cypress trees loomed to our right casting long shadows as the gulls screamed eerily over head.
“You are unbelievable,” David sounded excited. “Trackers are very dangerous. They are trained to see things before they happen.” He laughed, “They certainly did not see that!”
“Trackers. Those vampires, where they the murderers that the soldiers were looking for?”
“Most likely. I figured it would be those two, Faust and Fabian. Gabriel’s best trackers after James and I left,” he smirked proudly.
“What do we do now?” I questioned, looking back at the glow coming from the city. “We won’t be able to take one of the ships now.”
“No, they will have already figured out what we had planned—“
“You don’t think they’re dead?” I interrupted and looked behind me expecting two dark figures to come racing along behind us.
“Oh, I highly doubt it. Singed a bit, but they will survive. Besides they always have handlers to keep an eye on them and report back to Gabriel,” his voice sounded dark and knowing. I wondered just how much he knew about these particular trackers. “What we need to do now is to find a ship and continue with getting you away from here and, hopefully hide you away some place safe.”
We continued down the coast flying along the sandy beaches. Cool waves lapped at our tracks, washing away any sign of our destination and our scent. I felt as though I should be tired, but my body and mind where still going strong. It was odd to never have to sleep and really not needing to rest.
David stopped suddenly; a crooked grin slowly grew across his face and a gleam in his dark red eyes. I’d already decided that this was his mischievous look. He pointed out into the ocean where a schooner sat waiting just off the coast. All the sails were tied down and it was anchored. It was a smaller ship than the ones at Charles Towne, but it looked sleek and fast with two tall masts. 
I looked at David confused. He looked back at me and nodded, “Know anything about sailing a pirate ship?” He quizzed.
“No, I’ve never been on a ship in my life.” I felt my stomach tie into a knot with fear. David seemed so incredible and brave, but my father often said that bravery was just another word for foolish if in the wrong situation. A ship full of pirates looked to me to be just such a condition.
“Well, I happen to know a lot about ships, and I’m going to give you an education.” 
Chapter 8 – Venganza El Diablo

In the dark, we swam through the cold black water out to the ship. Slipping over the railing, I could see sleeping men, snoring and smelly scattered about the deck. I could hear each heart beat and smell the blood flowing through them. Venom flowed in my mouth. David directed me quickly to the captain’s quarters at the aft of the ship. Barefoot and dripping wet, we glided into the captain’s quarters without alerting any of the sailors.
In the center of the room, there was a large wooden table full of maps and navigational tools. There were a couple rickety chairs next to the table, and a small bed to one side of the room with the large sleeping captain. He was bald with a full shaggy brown beard. Holding a bottle of what smelled like rum in one hand cradling it in his arms across his dirty grey shirt, and his boots on. He snored loudly. The entire room smelled of sweat and liquor. 
“Wait here,” David demanded pointing at the floor where I stood, a puddle forming around me from my wet clothes. He began to move toward the captain.
“You’re not going to… eat them are you?” I grabbed at his arm; concern for their lives filled me.
He chuckled softly, “You are really concerned about keeping everyone alive aren’t you, even those that don’t really deserve it.” Amazement spread across his face as he peered into my eyes and stroked my check softly with one hand.
Wishing his hand would linger a little longer, I whispered, “I just don’t think that anyone deserves to die for my sake.” 
“Silly girl, I wouldn’t drink all this blood anyway. I’d get so bloated!” Patting his muscular stomach he grinned. It was an excited almost evil grin. “I’m just going to get them off the ship.” He tried to put on a straight face, but failed horribly. “I’ll try not to hurt them, but I’m not making any promises. Just stay in the cabin. The last thing I need is for you to go on a rampage. You would probably make yourself all upset if you hurt anyone of these monsters.”
I found it strange that he referred to the pirates as monsters when I considered him and me as the beasts. Trying to be as inconspicuous as I could, I stood in the corner, but I kept David in my vision. My curiosity was immense and I wanted to see what he was going to do to get all the pirates off the ship, there must have been at least twenty of them.
Creeping up to the captain David got really close to his face and let out a growl that rattled the entire room. The captain jerked and looked right into David’s glowing red brown eyes. David took a step back and the captain stood dropping the rum bottle onto the floor and trying awkwardly to pull his sword that was leaning against the side of the bed. In one quick motion David turned in a circle and swiftly swept the arm of the man. Before the man could blink David was behind him the unsheathed sword at his throat.
“I need to you leave my boat,” David growled.
Watching David work was a frightening site. He was so fast and every movement was elegant. The smell of warm urine filled the air and I realized the captain just wet himself. He struggled for a moment to free himself from David and bolted to the door. I knew David had let him go or he would never have gotten loose. The captain started yelling for the sailors to wake up. David followed him a bit more slowly a sparkle of excitement in his face. Before he left the cabin he carefully placed the sword on the table and winked at me. He was enjoying this very much. 
I stood by the doorway and watched as David walked onto the deck. Two sailors stood there with surprised and drowsy looks on their faces. They never knew what hit them. I saw David take a long stance towards them and hit both of them rapidly several times about the chest and face with the palms and backs of his hands. He then held out both of his palms and using his body weight pushed the men back against four others that were approaching behind them. With grunts and protests they all fell back to the deck.
In one fluid movement, David bowed down and picked up another man running toward him and flung him over the side of the rail. There was a splash and cursing as he hit the water. Finally realizing what was happening, the sailors started drawing their swords. Finding a wooden rod about as tall as himself, David reached over, grabbed it and spun it rapidly around his body. Holding it angled behind his back he waited for them to approach.
Fear and anger was across many of their faces as they came at him. In a blur, David twisted himself and the staff in graceful circles. Once they came in contact with him the men flew off in all angles, some with bloody faces. The faint smell of warm sweet blood came to me. It was intoxicating and I understood why he asked me to stay in the cabin. Because of the sudden desire to run out and attack the unsuspecting sailors, I quickly stopped breathing and gripped the wood plank wall.  Several of the men flew over the side of the ship and splashed into the ocean below. 
David was a flurry of wood and body, the sailors became confused and frightened. I saw a couple of them jump over the railing with their own volition into the dark water below. As I watched David, I recognized several moves to the dance he was doing in the woods outside Charles Towne, tai chi. 
Soon the deck was clear. I heard cussing and splashing as the sailors and their captain swam to the beach. In the middle of the deck David stood like a statue. He held one foot under him bent just slightly, the other foot was stretched out in front of him. He held the staff perpendicular to the deck with his arms imitating his legs. His expression was calm, but his eyes were filled with excitement.
I stepped warily onto the deck. “That was incredible!” I exclaimed.
He stood up from his stance and flipped the staff behind him and let it rest along his spine. “I spent a few years with a Chinese clan. They taught me some things.” He turned his head slightly.
“Could I learn how to do that?” I knew nothing about defending myself, but with vampires and humans alike trying to hunt me down, I figured it was time to learn.
David made a small smile and bowed to me, never taking his eyes off my face. “As you wish,” he whispered.
He quickly put the staff down and directed me to follow him. “We need to get out of here, and I think I know just the place.”
He showed me what to do to haul up the anchor and went off to unfurl the sails. I quickly pulled up the anchor and found the name of the ship, Venganza El Diablo, the Devil’s Revenge. I found it slightly amusing since devils now ran the ship. I saw David climbing in the rigging. Thinking I could assist him I climbed up. My dress got caught several times in the cordage. Because of this, I frequently found myself hanging upside down. David would laugh at my predicament, but came to untangle me every time. 
We finished unfurling the sails and the ship started moving forward slowly at first then a stronger breeze caught the canvas. The morning sun broke over the ocean and made millions of sparkles across the waves, I was sure that he would have finished earlier if I hadn’t been helping him. David took the helm and moved us in a north-easterly direction. I went to find something more practical to wear as the heavy ripped dress was not helping me at all.
I went into the Captain’s quarters and rummaged through the cabinets and chests. Eventually I came up with a pair of clean black breeches that were a bit too big. I tied them with a cord of rope around my waist and rolled up the hem to above my ankles. Then I found a fairly clean yellow course linen shirt. It was also big on me, but it would have to do for now. I rolled the sleeves up to my forearms and ripped all the excess at the bottom, leaving jagged thread-frayed edges just to the top of my leg.
I walked out into the morning sun. The smooth pearly skin on my arms glowed and I let the sun warm my body. I looked up to the helm and David was nowhere to be seen.  I wandered on the deck for a moment when he came up a ladder from the bowels of the ship, and bumped into me. He was carrying several boxes of rotten meat and fish and they crashed to the deck spilling out the putrid mess.
“Oh, I’m sorry Jane,” he said and looked up at me then burst out laughing.
“What’s so funny?” I crossed my arms across my chest. I’d known that I looked a bit odd wearing men’s clothes that were too big for me, but for him to laugh was just plain rude.
“Oh, no, no, no!” He said and put his hands on both sides of my face to force me to look at him. “I’m just surprise how practical you are. It’s refreshing.  I’ve know other vampires that would have suffered for their vanity rather than find something more appropriate to wear.”
“So you think I look practical?” My voice was slightly panic-stricken.
He raised his eyebrows and looked deeply into my eyes. “I think you are absolutely the most beautiful creature I have ever seen. I’ve thought so the first time I laid eyes on you.” 
I was speechless. He must have mistaken my silence because he looked down and removed his hands from my face, his own face disappointed. I reached out and grabbed his hands in mine to keep him from moving away from me.
“No, I understand. Its fine,” he sadly whispered pulling away from me.
“No, it’s not. I was just surprised. I didn’t think…” I leaned toward him trying to force him to look into my face. “I didn’t think you…umm…felt that way towards me... The same way I…”I faded off not knowing what to say and a bit scared to express the strange emotions I felt.
He looked into my eyes and grinned. Removing one of his hands from mine, he took a loose lock of my hair and pulled it behind my ear. Then he cautiously stroked my cheek with the back of his hand. His skin was so smooth and silky against mine; I could have stayed this way forever.
Eventually he broke the silence. “We have some time. I could teach you some martial arts, if you like.” 
“Is that what you did to the sailors?” I whispered softly since our faces where so close together.
He inhaled and brought his nose close to my mouth. I shivered at the closeness and inhaled sharply. This seemed to wake him up a bit, because he hastily stepped back and let go of my hand.
“Yes,” His voice broke slightly. “I learned several forms of martial arts while I stayed in China with the Jiang Shis. I’ll teach you hand-to-hand first and then we can work our way up to weapons when you are ready.”
“They are the Chinese vampire coven? How long where you with them?” I realized I knew nothing about David’s past let alone any history of vampires.
He began busying himself with the fetid meat, throwing it overboard. “They are one of many covens in China. I was with them for a long time, after I left…” 
I waited for him to continue, but he didn’t. “You were with the Revenants.” I stated simply.
He looked at me surprised.
“I just figured, since you seemed familiar with James and the trackers, and they were familiar with you.”
He looked at me with astonishment. “Yes. I worked for the Revenant. I stayed with them for some time, but I had a hard time dealing with James. I just couldn’t… When I left, it was not under friendly terms.” Pain crossed his face.
His grief hurting me, I reached out and standing on my toes and wrapped my arms around his neck. I put my face into his neck trying to absorb his ache away from him. I felt his muscular arms wrap around me. It felt so nice to be so close to him, safe and warm.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked,” I whispered into his neck. His skin smelled sweet and floral.
“No,” he looked down at me, a look of resolution on his magnificent face. Setting his hands on my waist, he put some distance between us. “You need to understand. There is more to the story. I was a soldier for Gabriel, one of his commanders for a time. I had an… issue with James and decided to leave France. Gabriel just doesn’t let anyone leave. He has ambitions to take over the vampire clans, rule over the vampires and make humans our cattle. I was a strong and powerful vampire, whom the vampires I fought alongside respected. I fought and killed without mercy in his name. I’m an old soldier. I just wanted all the fighting to be over, I don’t believe that he should rule over all the vampire clans or enslave humans. It was never meant to be that way.”
“The problems with James, I just couldn’t get over. When I told Gabriel I was leaving...” He continued as though he wasn’t talking to me, I continued to stand frozen. “I should have known something was wrong when he told me I could go,” He smirked. “Gabriel never let anything go without a fight. I was just about to leave, when soldiers, my soldiers came to me. They attacked and I was forced to kill them. I slipped out and ended up in Russia.” 
He swallowed hard and smiled, “did you know that the Czar of Russia is a vampire? He is very hospitable.  I stayed there for a while, but I was troubled and angry. I meet a vampire from a Chinese clan and he helped me to learn to focus my anger through Martial Arts. I went with him to China.”
He studied my face, and then shook his head in disbelief, “You are taking all this surprisingly well. You’ve lost so much. You have vampires wanting to kill you and here you stand, asking me about myself.” He smiled. “Come on. This meat will rot and stink up the ship unless we get it off of here.” He turned at started tossing the crates over the railing again as if the recent conversation never happened. As they fell, there was a loud splash and they floated away on the current.
“What… are we going to eat?” I still had so many questions and throwing the food over didn’t make any sense to me, no matter how unappetizing it looked to me now. “I mean traveling across the ocean takes a long time and…”
“These,” he held up a crate of salted fish, “you can eat, but it would be like a human eating dirt or wood. No nutritional value. You’d still be thirsty.”
“So what will we eat?” 
“There are only a few rats, unfortunately. We are going to be thirsty for a while, but we can survive for long periods of time without sustenance.” He paused briefly his thoughts moved somewhere else.
“Gabriel had bled a vampire dry. Without any blood in his body, he went into a comma of sorts and didn’t recover. Gabriel likes to keep him in the main hall of his castle as an example. No one knows what is happening to him. If he is awake or sleeping we can’t tell. His body will regenerate very slowly if he is cut and is not deteriorating, but his consciousness we don’t know about.”
“What did he do to be tortured so?” I questioned thinking about being frozen but alert for all eternity.
“I don’t know, but whatever it was it must have been awful.”
Chapter 9 - Training

David spent most of the morning with maps and several navigational tools charting a route to Europe. The clouds had completely gone, leaving the sky bright azure and the ocean cobalt. I watched him as he stood by the helm. Occasionally, he would pick up a tool and a pencil and mark a place on a map. I would frequently ask David about the different tools and he would patiently explain what the tool in question was and how it was used. I was amazed with his tolerance to my frequent questions.
After he steered us towards the right direction, I remembered my sewing bag. I scrounged some clothes and several hours later was able alter the pants and shirt to fit me while we were on the ship. Then I began repairing the dress. When we docked I would need something more lady-like to wear to blend in with my surroundings. 
While I busied myself with the mending, I thought about how my world had changed. Pricking myself with a needle and watching the silvery white skin heal over almost immediately, I had a constant reminder of the devil I’d become. My wish to become a stronger more useful creature like Portia seemed to have come true, but at the cost of my father and my soul.
There was also this peculiar bond I seem to have made with David. I felt things for this mysterious creature. Tossing me like a storm, my feelings raged through me. I longed to see his face even if it left me for only a second. Finding myself trying to find ways to be near him and asking questions just to hear the sound of his voice.
Continuing to work on the clothes I spent the evening sitting on the stern of the ship watching the sunset. The land had completely disappeared and my mind wandered to my home so very far away and everything that had happened to me over the last couple weeks. Things had changed so quickly that I hadn’t had time to think and now I had nothing but time.
While in my reverie, I heard David’s now familiar walk on the wooden planks and felt him watch me silently. I turned to look at him and grinned. He looked away self-consciously concentrating on the rope his was coiling.
“What are we?” I asked him.
He looked at me confused, “vampires.”
“Yes. I understand that,” I reorganized my thoughts. “I mean, I’ve heard stories and I thought we would be burned by the sun and couldn’t enter churches…”
David laughed softly. “Myth, my dear, it’s all myth concocted by some frightened person to give them a sense of safety in this monstrous world.”
He put the rope down and sat next to me on a crate. “I don’t know how we came to be, but I do know that the sun will not burn us.” He held his hand up into the orange light of the setting sun showing me his bone white skin. “Most of us try to be inconspicuous, to not bring attention to ourselves, which can be a little hard to do when you look like you’re white as bone. So we stay out of the sun. It’s better to hunt in the dark as well… especially when hunting human.” He paused realizing what he said, “I’m sorry. I know you don’t like that aspect.”
I swallowed hard, “I know that feeding on human is different… Have you, I mean, do you—“
“Yes,” he stared out at the ocean to avoid looking at me. “I’ve killed. Human and vampire.”
We sat in silence for a moment as I recalled the vicious attack on the pirates, which he did without killing them and when he protected me against the trackers and wondered if I would ever see David kill. I’d hoped not.
I changed the subject back to something else, “Why is our skin so lustrous?”
He looked at me relived, “I’ve been told that when we go through the change there is something that forms in our skin. It’s almost like a protective coating, shielding us from damage and helping us to regenerate quickly.”
I thought about this for a moment. “We can be torn or cut and heal quickly, but if we burn we are gone. So we could live forever?”
“As far as I know,” He smiled. “I told you about the vampire Gabriel bled, even though he appears dead, he may be reanimated if given blood. What state he will be in mentally, I can’t say.”
“What happens when we go hungry for very long?” I thought about the lack of food onboard the ship.
I watched David’s face suddenly turn very sullen. “After a while, the thirst will turn us into nothing more than mindless animals. There would be nothing but a drive to appease the burning.”
He looked out to the red and orange sky and watched the sun touch the water. His strong jaw clenched tightly as the breeze tussled his dark brown hair. The orange light of the sun gave his porcelain skin a pink hue that matched the fire in his eyes. Taking in the beautiful vision of him, I sighed softly.
“I’m sorry.” He shook his head as if shaking horrible memories out of his mind, and smiled at me once more.
“The church,” I whispered. “I could enter the church and nothing happened to me.”
“Just a state of mind, we can pray just the same as humans.”
“If our prayers are heard, that’s another story,” I mumbled sadly.
“I’m the wrong one to talk about prayers and forgiveness.” He looked down at the deck, “I’ve done horrible things for which I will never be forgiven.”
I saw this conversation was hurting him, so I quickly changed the subject to something I knew he would enjoy. “Can you show me some martial arts?”
As I thought, a relieved grin spread across his face, “I’d love too.”
He stood up and took my hand and helped me up off the deck. “First thing you need to learn is how to stand.”
We spent the rest of the night practicing stances. Periodically, David would smoothly knock me down if I didn’t have the stance quite right, explaining that balance was very important. He seemed to find a lot of humor in this, but I quickly learned to hold my legs at just the right angle and keep the right amount of balance on each leg depending on the stance.
By morning, I was practicing walking, which also required a great deal of balance. David watched me while also going back and forth to his navigation equipment and climbing into the rigging to adjust the sails. If we weren’t vampires, we, mostly David, wouldn’t be able to sail this ship without help. Frequently, I would ask him if there was something I could do to which he would refuse, and tell me to continue practicing. He also seemed to understand the urgency in me being able to protect myself.
As afternoon came, he started working with me on a dance like the one he did outside of Charles Towne, he called this a Kata. Occasionally he would correct where I had my hand or the angle of my leg. His touch sent chills across my skin and I felt as though butterflies were trying to escape my stomach. He seemed to take extra care when touching me as if I was fragile.
As I became more confident with the Kata, David left me to practice and went down into the hold to check on a leak. I repeated the dance a few more times. My mind began to wander to my new abilities and I decided to experiment with my new found strength and agility. Like a child, I looked around foolishly to make sure David was not around. Gauging the distance to the crow’s nest, I coiled my muscles and carefully jumped into the air. 
The sensation was exhilarating as I flew through the air until I realized with horror that I was going to overshoot the crow’s nest. I envisioned myself flying out into the ocean, unable to return to the ship. Quickly I reached out and grabbed a hold of anything I could. My hand wrapped around a rope hanging from the mast. I felt a burning on my skin as the course rope slipped through my fingers until I came to a stop.
Nimbly I climbed up into the bucket that was the crow’s nest and looked around at my surroundings. The view was incredible, miles of sparkling water all around me. I could actually see a curve of the horizon as if I was sitting on a gigantic ball of water. I suddenly felt so small looking at the endless sea.
“Jane?” I heard David’s voice far below me.
I looked down and saw how small he looked from my vantage point. I smiled amazed at the leap I’d taken. Suddenly, I became quite embarrassed as I realized I didn’t know how to get down from this height. Cautiously, I climbed over the edge and grabbed on to foremast, which was slippery with grease. Screaming I quickly slid halfway down the mast and freefell the rest of the way down to the deck.
Appearing right under me, David caught me gingerly. Losing his balance, he fell backwards onto the deck with a grunt. I found myself lying on David’s muscular chest, a mere inch from his face. I gazed into his eyes, which were surprisingly full of fear. Was he afraid that I was hurt? Reaching his hand up to my face he caressed my check thoughtfully.
“Are you alright?” His voice was soft and melted in my ears.
“Yes, I think so.” 
I knew I should move, but my body ignored me and wouldn’t budge. He didn’t seem to mind as he also didn’t adjust his position, but continued to hold me with one hand around my waist and the other on my face. 
I felt his breath on my face; cool and fragrant it was intoxicating. I leaned towards him slightly inhaling the fruity scent. He leaned towards me at the same moment and gently put his lips against mine, warm and soft. I closed my eyes as he put his other hand on the other side of my face turning my head just slightly. His soft lips brushed against my mouth. I became more desperate to continue to touch his mouth, my lips opening slightly as I pressed more firmly against his. 
Abruptly, I found myself sitting up. David had stood gasping and murmured something to himself that I couldn’t quite discern. I realized I was also panting slightly and I felt warmth flowing through my chest. 
“I apologize,” he mumbled without looking at me. 
He quickly walked away, leaving me confused on the deck. I was unsure what I had done wrong. Perhaps, I wondered, he did not like me the way I liked him. But that kiss, it was fantastic. I brushed my fingers across my lips trying to remember every detail. There must have been a reason he stopped kissing me. I’d never thought to ask him if he had someone, it never occurred to me. I felt foolish like a girl with a crush on a married man.
Over the next few days, David avoided any close contact with me and I began to wonder if I’d truly done something wrong to warrant this behavior. He became very formal with me when correcting my movements for my Kata, explaining instead of moving my arms and legs himself as he had done before. When I wasn’t practicing my Kata, I spent most of my time on the bowsprit watching the dolphins play in the waves and trying to make sense of my feelings towards him.
I became sullen concerned with this sudden change in behavior. I’d wanted to ask him but whenever he came close to me my stomach would quiver with nerves and I was unable to speak. David must have mistaken my grief for hunger because he turned us towards the south searching for an island that was on the charts. He said the captain’s notes marked it as the Isle of the Beast.
Chapter 10 – Isle of the Beast

A few days later, in the grey misty morning, we looked out at a large island with towering mountains full of trees and brush. Tall cliffs loomed over the ocean and we sailed around looking for a good place to drop anchor. Finally we arrived at a yellow sand beach. I could hear birds and animals hiding among the flora. There was an aroma of tropical flowers and I could see colors of orange and red peaking through the greenery. 
Pulling into the cove where there was a steep drop off, we dropped anchor and furled the sails. David put the small dinghy into the water and as he rowed through the clear blue and iridescent cove to the beach I sat in the bow leaning excitedly forward. I could see the sandy bottom dotted with seaweed and rocks. Fish darted around playing in the current. Glancing back at David, I could see he was smiling at me obviously pleased that he had boosted my spirits.
I stepped onto the coarse warm sand and wiggled my toes into it until I felt the cool moist sand underneath. It felt good to be on firm land. Turning my pale face into the sun, I smiled. I helped David pull the boat onto the shore, although he could have picked it up and carried it without difficulty. He still was very careful not to get to close to me and I decided after we hunted that I would ask him if there was another and if he had no interest in me at all. My stomach fluttered at the thought, but I needed to know.
We hunted. The ‘beasts’ on the island consisted mostly of snakes, small deer, hyenas and wild boar. The hyenas and the boar were a challenge and fun to hunt, so we spent the day running the island hunting. We were careful to not upset the balance of the fauna to much however. I felt relieved to get off the ship and explored as much of the island as I could.
In the evening we sat next to each other on the beach and watched the sun go down. This was the closest David had been to me since the kiss and he was lounging stretched out on the sand leaning against one elbow. The burning in our throats appeased, we were content. The sun slowly sunk down into the ocean. The sky exploded into brilliant reds, oranges, and yellows. 
I wanted to reach out and take hold of David’s hand, but from the way he had been acting, I was afraid to. Still confused by our kiss and then his sudden distance, I bit my lip trying to gain the courage to talk to him as I had promised myself that morning. Perhaps I’d said or done something to upset him, or it was as I feared and he had another love. I wondered if I’d been to bold and he didn’t feel the same connection that I felt towards him, that I was just a child in his eyes. My stomach did a few flips and I pulled my knees into my chest and crossed my arms around them.  I looked over and realized he was now mirroring me, as he too was also curled up. 
“Tell me what you know about James.” I said trying to avoid the subject I really wanted to talk about.
“Oh,” He sounded knowing and disappointed. “James, of course,” he put his legs down and crossed them in front of him and ran his fingers through the sand. “I should have guessed. He is special to you. He has always been… well liked by women. Once I get you some place safe, I can go find him and bring him to you.” There was sorrow in his voice.
I was confused, “What are you talking about? I don’t want to have anything to do with that crazy vampire. I just didn’t understand why he… turned me.”
“So you aren’t in love with James?”  He seemed to force the words from his mouth. There was a small bit of enthusiasm in his voice.
“Ugh!” I screamed out in frustration. “You are making me crazy!” I turned toward him and sat on my knees facing him. I let the words spill out. “I am in love with you. You are the most amazing man I’ve ever met. I can’t understand how you could know so much and be so dense!”
He looked at me with surprise on his face. I waved my arms in the air at him, groaned in exasperation and quickly stood to walk to the boat. I was tired of being confused and didn’t want to put up with it any more.
I felt his hand on my arm and he spun me around. Before I could react his lips quickly pressed into mine. I closed my eyes and leaned into him, wrapping my arms around his neck. I felt his hands twist into my hair. His lips explored my face. He kissed my chin, eyes, cheeks and neck. I ran my fingers through his silky hair and returned his fervor.
Too quickly he pulled away and sighed. I could smell his fragrant breath on my face and inhaled. I closed my eyes and leaned back towards him. He put his hands on the sides of my head holding me just inches from his glorious face. I opened my eyes. He had a crooked grin and had raised one eyebrow at me. Softly he brushed his lips across my jaw his cool breath made my skin tingle.
“I think,” he whispered softly, “maybe I need to explain to you about James, and why he changed you.”
“Fine,” I pouted and smiled coyly up at him.
He chuckled. “We have forever, if I can keep you alive.”
We sat back in the sand. This time David sat behind me and I leaned into his chiseled chest. He wrapped his strong arms around me. I felt complete and safe. He rested his chin on my head and kissed my hair. We stared out into the black sky littered with millions of stars.
“James was a tracker of Gabriel’s,” he began. “He was the best of all of the coven’s trackers, a natural even when he was human. Gabriel put him in charge of finding the marked woman, you.” David traced the curves of my scar absentmindedly with one finger. “He left for the new world and spent quite some time alone there. He was to find you and bring you back to Gabriel. Gabriel, you see, wanted to kill you with his own hands. A show of power, perhaps, I’m not sure.”
I felt a chill run down my spine at the discussion of my death. David squeezed me a little tighter to his well-developed chest. Comforted, I leaned my head on his arm. 
He put his mouth close to my ear and whispered. “James was never very trusting. He had always thought everyone was against him. As vampires, all our senses get stronger, including our feelings: anger, vanity, love…” 
He brushed his lips against my ear. His voice was so hypnotizing and I had a difficult time concentrating on the story. I felt him exhale contentedly.
“When he was human, he was madly in love with a woman who, he thought, didn’t return his feelings. She was, however, deeply in love with him.” The sorrow again wove into his words. “It hurt him deeply when he thought she was unfaithful. You look similar to her.”
I wondered how David knew so much about James before he became a vampire. It seemed obvious to me that they knew each other before they were changed. Perhaps it was the same circumstances that lead them to this existence. I decided to ask him about it later.
“When he finally found you, well, I can imagine what he thought. I’m sure he hoped to change you and save you from Gabriel, and then keep you for himself, a proxy for his lost love, a second chance perhaps. How did you break away from him? I wouldn’t think he would have let you get far from his side.”
I remembered my flight to the lake and James coming after me. Sorrow made my chest tighten as I thought about the horrible thing I had done. I feared David’s anger, but I needed to be truthful to him, even if it upset him. “I tore him to pieces,” I murmured a bit embarrassed and frightened. “He made me angry and before I knew it… I…”
David chuckled. “I wondered if that’s what may have happened. His love for you would have blinded him. He would never have suspected an attack from you. That’s about the only way that he would have let you gain the advantage. He won’t stop however in his quest to find you. He is very determined to keep you and, like I said before, he is an excellent tracker.”
David sounded almost revered of James. It was almost protective the way he talked about him. There was a connection with the two, I knew this for sure. I thought they were completely opposite like the sun and moon.
“I couldn’t imagine him being in love with anyone,” I sighed. “Great, I’ve got two hunters trying to find me to take me to their sovereign who wants to kill me, and I’ve got an infatuated crazy vampire that won’t rest until he has me all to himself.” 
“No, he won’t. Don’t let him fool you, he isn’t as crazy as you think,” David’s voice was grave, “and he won’t be happy about us. I’m sure if he can’t have you for himself, he will try to kill you.”
I smiled at the word ‘us’. I really liked having an ‘us’, together against the world. James frightened me, but with David next to me, I knew I would be safe. I felt he would protect me to his death if it came to that. Although, I prayed it would never come to that.
I thought of the prophecy. “How am I supposed to stop Gabriel? He has an entire coven at his disposal. How many are we talking about?” I pictured a huge room full of vampires with vicious faces all staring at me, ready to rip me to shreds. It seemed an impossible task for anyone, let alone someone as wretched and helpless as me.
“That was never very specific, as most prophecies are, unfortunately. I don’t take much stock in prophecies myself. I think for now the best thing is to keep you safe from Gabriel and James. I think we’ll be safe in Russia for a while.”
I remembered that David had stayed there and spent time with the Czar, “Will we be staying with the Czar?” I asked with a wide smile on my face.
“No, I don’t think so, but I have other friends there that also know about the prophecy, and will be sympathetic to our cause. The leaders of the other covens don’t like to start any unnecessary clashes with each other, but they would take advantage if one coven becomes weak as is the case in many governments.”
We sat there in each other’s arms. I gazed at the stars in the moonless night. I began to see patterns forming in the stars. I thought I saw a pair of red eyes looking down at me. At first, I thought they were David’s eyes. Then I realized it was James, an evil grin stretched across his slim face. I gasped and jerked hitting David’s hard chin with the back of my head.
“Ugh!” He grunted putting his hand on my head which radiated with pain. “Are you alright?”
“I’m sorry, my mind was wandering.” I’d started putting my thoughts together, “can I ask you something?”
“Anything,” he stated simply, “I have nothing to hide from you.”
“Is James your… human brother?”
There was silence. I wondered if David regretted agreeing to answer my question. I wouldn’t blame him if he changed his mind and looked down at the sand beneath me.
“Yes, we were brothers,” he finally answered and squeezed me as if afraid that I would run.
Feeing that I’d pried, I began to explain, “I realized that you both had the same shaped eyes and your hair color was the same. You also have the same mannerisms, and you seemed to know him so well. I just wondered.” 
“We are half-brothers, same father and different mothers. His mother died when he was very young and father married my mother and they had me. James was always getting into trouble until he found his beloved, Elizabeth, and they were planning on getting married. He left one evening, distraught about… he thought she and I... where more than friends.” David’s voice became tight as though it was difficult for him to speak, “When he came back he had become a vampire. He …changed me and… killed my mother and father and Elizabeth. So you see my concern with you and I being together. I don’t know what James will do, but I know he isn’t afraid to kill what he cares for most.”
I turned and looked into David’s face. It was so sad that it pained me; even more so because I’d brought up the memories that made him so miserable. I put my hands on his cheeks, “I’m sorry.” I thought about how tortured David must have felt to be helpless against his own brother and witness the death of his family. And how distraught James must have been to kill someone he loved so. 
“Were you in love with her?” I partially wished he wouldn’t answer this question.
“I loved her very much. She was a sister to me.” He comfortingly squeezed me. “I was fixing a cottage on our family land for them to live in when they got married. I think James thought I was meeting her there.”
“It must have been hard for you all this time.”
“I still love my brother, and if I he hadn’t been turned and then turned me, I would never have met you.” He looked at me sheepishly, “this path that lead me to you, I guess I’m a bit selfish.”
As though I was a doll, he cradled me in his arms and pressed me into his chest. I put my arms around his shoulders and nuzzled my face into his neck hoping to soak up all his sorrow. Rocking slowly back and forth, he started humming a haunting melody. He began to sing in French, his smooth tenor voice flowing over me. I closed my eyes and listened.

“Dorment mon amour 
s’endormir, mon bébé
Reposez votre tête sur mon Coeur

Dorment mon amour
s’endormir, mon bébé
Le demain sera un nouveau jour

Votre peau rougeoie avec la lune
Vos diamants d'oeil la nuit
Aucune créature vivante ne pourrait vous garder
Ma princesse de la nuit.

Je vous maintiendrai sûr et chaud
Dans notre maison ce soir
Monstre ne vous blessera pas
Tandis que la lune se lève

Dorment mon amour 
s’endormir, mon bébé
Reposez votre tête sur mon coeur

Dorment mon amour
s’endormir, mon bébé
Le demain sera un nouveau jour”

As he continued the song my empty middle filled with joy. I knew it would never be a black hole again as long as David was with me. It seemed the whole world and all its troubles faded and there was only him and I on this perfect beach.
When he finished the song I asked, “That was lovely. What does it mean?”
“It’s a lullaby. My mother would sing it to James and me when we wouldn’t sleep at night. It’s strange how you bring all of these memories back to me.” He shook his head.
“I don’t mean too—“I started apologizing.
“No, these memories, I don’t mind.” I felt him sigh again. “We should probably go; it’s going to take some time to get to Russia.”
We went back to Venganza El Diablo and set sail again. I looked back at the island, looming in the darkness, marking in my memory the exact spot where we had kissed. I never wanted to forget our island, the Isle of the Beast as David steered us back on course.
Chapter 11 – Catherine's Palace

After several weeks we had sailed up and around Ireland and Scotland.  We could have saved time by going through the English Channel, but David wanted to stay as far away from France as we could and he noticed large storm clouds in that direction. Sailing through the grey and cold North Sea, we arrived at the German port of Wilhelmshaven in the middle of the night.
This was a city that was frequented by pirates and David cautioned me to be careful. We didn’t want to draw attention to ourselves. The quaint city was lovely as we entered the bay by moonlight. There were many two and three story red brick structures with slate roofs throughout the towns curving cobblestone streets. The air here was cool and moist; mist clung to everything it touched leaving a slimy coating on most surfaces.
I changed into my blue dress while David went off to sell the ship. As I disembarked, the man that purchased it looked as though he had diabolical ideas. I was tempted to stop him, however David told me to not ask questions of the man. I noticed he had an urgency to leave this village.
By morning we were running through the countryside in Poland. Without getting tired, I continued to be amazed at the speed at which we could run. The forests of Poland were spectacular, with the black pine trees and small villages. We hunted lynx and fox while there and David taught me how to speak a little Russian.
In a couple days we had made it to the outskirts of St. Petersburg. It was fall and the trees were covered in gold and red. We went shopping to buy clothes that would help us blend in with the Russian styles and colder weather. We found a beautiful hotel overlooking the Neva River and got a room. David wanted to be sure I would be secure while he hunted for his friends. I cleaned up while David made his contact with the vampires of the city.
The room was small but pretty. There was pink flowered wall paper on all the walls and a roaring fire in the fireplace that warmed the room. The white painted mantel had elegant carvings. The windows were narrow and stretched up to the ceiling. A large feather bed, with a white duvet, filled up one wall. 
I washed my face and hands in the cold water of the wash basin and combed through my messy hair. Pulling my hair up and into some sort of semblance, I put on the pretty red and gold dress David picked out for me. It had tight long sleeves and a low bust line that my father would have hated, the red bodice fitted snuggly all the way to my waist. The skirt was red velvet and full of detailed gold piping.
I sat at the window looking out at the boats that traveled up and down the river and watched the people below bustle around. They looked cold and most were poorly dressed. Hearing the door, I turned expecting to see David.
David’s smiling face beamed at me as he entered. “Jane, this is Dmitry.”
A well built man followed David into the room. Surprisingly he looked a distinguished forty. He had black hair with wisps of grey that brushed his shoulders, whitewashed skin and bright red eyes. He wore a Russian style military suit with a heavy fur trimmed cloak about his shoulders. There were several medals pinned to the front of his jacket. 
“I’m very delighted to meet you, sestrinka.” He walked toward me and took my hand kissing it gently as he bowed. “This is Irina,” He waved his hand behind him not bothering to look in the direction of the door.
Making her way gracefully through the entrance was a beautiful woman. Her long black hair pulled up in a sweeping cascade of glossy curls. Her dark plum gown was full of ruffles and she wore a large necklace of gold and rubies that matched her eyes. Her face was in a constant grimace as if everything around her smelled rotten. 
“Dmitry is going to allow us to stay at Catherine’s Palace,” David smiled encouragingly at me. He was excited and nervous as though he very much wanted for us to get along.
 “Yes, currently the royal family has just retired to the Winter Palace, so Catherine’s Palace is completely empty, except for us. We are the caretakers,” Dmitry smiled proudly.
Irina remained silent and looked about the small apartment vaguely interested in its contents. At the word ‘caretakers’, however, she scowled as though it was a word not to be used around a lady. Dmitry remained oblivious to this barely paying any attention to her at all keeping his eyes focused on me.
We gathered up our meager belongings, and as I put on my new black fur-trimmed cloak David approached me to help me fasten it around my neck. He worked very slow and deliberate on the clasp around my collar.
“I do not know very much about Irina. I’m not sure if we can trust her,” He whispered very quickly while they left the room. “Please be careful around her. I trust Dmitry with my life, but she spent some time in France and I don’t know where her loyalties lie.”
“Dmitry, he looks… older than us,” I whispered. “Do we age? I thought we were immortal.” I pictured me a wrinkled husk of pearly skin and wisps of white hair on my head as I hunted for kittens feebly.
David smiled as he picked up his black cloak and flung it over his shoulders, “No, we don’t age. Dmitry was turned when he was older. He may not look it but his is over 150 years old.”
I gasped softly at the thought of what he must have seen during those years. Then I looked at David fully as if for the first time. Before I could think, I blurted, “How old are you?”
Again he smiled and again fidgeted with my collar, “I’m not nearly as old.”
He pulled my hood up onto my head and brushed his lips against mine, causing my stomach to do a few flips. Realizing he wasn’t about to tell me, I wondered if he was older than John or even my father. It was strange to think of his youthful face alive before I was even born and worried if he found me immature.
He put on a black tricorne hat and looked very dashing. He wore black pants and shiny boots with a white high-collared shirt and black jacket under his black knee length cloak. His dark brown hair was slicked back and I noticed for the first time that he kept his hair short and never wore wigs the way other men wore their hair. I wondered if this was some indicator as to his true age.
We made our way through the red carpeted hall with yellow plaster walls and down the stairs. Dmitry was talking animatedly about the work on the Palace and the last time that David stayed with them. He seemed very excited to have us here. Irina was silent and she didn’t seem to commit to caring one way or the other. She walked behind us all as if herding us like children.
It was snowing lightly as we stepped into the blue with gold trim coach. The seats where upholstered in black velvet. I sat on one side with David and Dmitry sat on the other.  Irina was gone.
“Isn’t Irina going to come with us?” I questioned, looking out the door to the hotel I saw no sign of her.
“Nyet,” Dmitry spoke in a heavy Russian accent. “She had some things she needed to take care of. We are very fortunate that the Emperor has requested that we hold the Christmas ball at Catharine’s palace this year. He wants to show off the work we have been doing in the Grand Ballroom.  ”
I tried to calculate in my head how many days it would take for her to run to France. I pictured her going to a castle in the French hills and confessing our location to an evil looking vampire. I shivered at the thought.
David reached out for my hand with his and gave it a slight squeeze. I looked at him and smiled, I didn’t need to fear as long as he was with me.
Dmitry noticed the comforting look and smiled widely. “I am so happy that you have finally found someone, David.” He looked at my face, grinning widely, “especially one so beautiful. I was afraid my friend would never find love, and now I am privileged to get to meet her. We have much to celebrate, moi drug. When we get to the palace, I will treat you like royalty. The best of whatever you like.”
He clapped his hands together. “Now, why aren’t we moving?” He spoke loudly in Russian for the driver rapping on the roof of the coach with a white gloved hand, and then suddenly we were moving through the streets. 
David and Dmitry talked as I looked out the window. The people buzzed about carrying packages and bags. Once again I noticed most were not dressed as fine as Irina. I tried to picture her walking through the streets in her lavish clothes and jewels and with her nose in the air. If vampires tried to blend with our surroundings, she failed horribly at this task. 
Suddenly large flakes of snow drifted slowly to the ground like feathers. The people in the streets didn’t give it a second thought and continued about their work. Wanting to reach out and touch the soft fluff, I gazed at it longingly. Snow in Andover was usually heavy and wet; it was hardly ever big and downy as this was.
Gasping in amazement, I saw the palace towering over a white painted brick and iron wall.  The building was three stories tall all in blue and gold, like the carriage. It was a long building with tall windows and ornate crown molding around the windows, doors and corners of the palace. Towering evergreen and golden leaf oak trees lined the cobblestone drive. And all around the palace were beautiful gardens of autumn flowers of gold and orange.  Closest to the windows, bushes with some remnants of white roses still clinging to life in the chilly weather were the dominant feature.
Dmitry chuckled, “this is something, isn’t it? This is the summer home of Peter the Great, the Emperor of Russia,” he raised his hand triumphantly as he spoke the name. “I stay in the winter to keep the palace ready for him. Much of the inside construction work, painting and floors are done at this time. Irina had joined me this year.” He leaned towards me and winked, “If you think the outside is breathtaking, wait until you see the inside.”
The carriage brought us right up to the gold and white double door with elaborate gold handles. When it stopped a man, human I noted by his smell and beating heart, immediately opened the carriage door, and held his hand out to me. There was no fear on his face as I took hold of his warm hand. When he helped me out of the carriage, he did not flinch from the coldness of my skin. I stood in amazement at the intricate work on the building as David and Dmitry got out behind me.
“There has been a lot of work done since the last time I was here,” David commented to Dmitry as he put his hand protectively on the small of my back.
“Yes, and Catherine keeps asking for more. The poor people get poorer as the aristocrats thrive, but that is the way of thing here. We are lucky however, we live like kings!” Dmitry slapped David on the back causing David to lean forward with the force of the blow, and walked up to the front door, laughing the whole way.
“You where here before,” I asked amazed as we followed the jovial Dmitry.
“Yes, but it wasn’t like this. It was a wooden structure, not stone and not nearly this grand. Guess this is what happens when a vampire takes the throne.” He shook his head in disbelief.
We went in and the inside of the building was more glamorous than the outside. There were murals and intricate details in all of the rooms I could see as I walked into the grand entryway. Every plastered wall was filled with an ornate carving or gilded painting. Compared to the plain homes of Andover the lavish decor was almost too much for my senses.
Dmitry escorted us to a suite of rooms on the second floor. Against the opposite wall in the sitting room, the ceiling high French doors opened to a balcony, which over looked the gardens just beginning to get a light blanket of snow on the hedges and statues that lined the gravel walkways. The room was white and gold and all the furnishings where just as elaborate and beautiful as the rest of the palace. The tall golden fireplace had a roaring fire in it warming the room and on either side where a door to the two bedrooms. Both had large four poster beds with silk and down covers. He showed us closets filled with beautiful clothes of rich fabrics and fine detailing that we could wear.
“You have free roam all over the palace. Just don’t feed on the help,” he laughed clapping his hands together with a loud slap.
“You won’t have to worry about that,” I insisted and bit my lip for the words came out more forceful than I wanted them to.
Dmitry looked confused so David responded putting his hand gently on my shoulder, “Jane has elected not to feed on humans. In fact, she has never feed on them,” David looked at me proudly.
Dmitry looked at me with alarm. “If you’ve never tasted human blood, how do you know what you are missing?” He laughed loudly and shook his head in disbelief. “And you, David? Have you also given up in partaking of human blood?”
David looked darkly into the fire, “I will do whatever is necessary to keep Jane happy.”
Again, Dmitry’s deep laugh rang through the room. “Well, there is a surprise around every corner with you.”
He grabbed David in a large bear hug. “I’m glad you are here, moi drug. I have really missed you.” He bowed and clicked his heels at me, “I hope to get to know you better, sestrinka.” Smiling warmly, he took my hand in his and briefly kissed it. With that he swiftly left us shutting the door behind him.
I walked out one of the veranda’s doors and onto the balcony. I looked out into the gardens. The snow had stopped and left light blankets of white on everything. The sun peered out from behind the clouds and the snow covered grounds sparkled like diamonds, and was white as David’s skin in the morning sun. Feeling trapped in this place, I missed our boat and island.
“I don’t like it here,” I admitted as David wrapped his arms around my waist from behind putting his chin on my shoulder. His sweet breath on my neck sent a shiver down my spine.
“Just for a while, my love, when spring comes, we’ll leave and go to China. Give Dmitry a chance. He really seems to like you.” He nuzzled his face into my neck, “we can continue with your training, if you like. The garden would be perfect right now.” There was the now familiar excitement in his voice.
“I was thinking that maybe we could do something more than just practice Tai Chi.” I wanted to face him, but my thoughts embarrassed me. I craved being close to him. This feeling was alien to me, but I couldn’t deny it.
“I don’t think you’re ready for weapons.” He seemed unaware to what my intentions were.
“I thought maybe…”I sighed, feeling a bit silly, and turned in his arms so I was looking up into his glorious face. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him gently. He kissed me back and I let my mouth open slightly. He kissed me a bit more forcefully and put his hands on my face then moved them down to my shoulders. I moved my hands to his chest and felt his breath coming faster. I began to unbutton his jacket.
Alarmed, he grabbed my hands.”Wait,” he gasped as he pulled away.
I bit my bottom lip. David was willing to shower me with kisses but only to a certain point as if he was afraid to lose control. “I don’t understand.” I felt my chest tighten. If I could I’m sure I would have had tears welling in my eyes and I considered his rejection.
“I love you,” David looked deeply into my eyes, “But I am a monster. I’ve killed so many, without a thought. It was just the way of things for me and I never questioned them.” His eyes were full of grief. “I don’t want to ruin your virtue only to have you hate me later.”
I smirked at the thought of a vampire, a damned soul having virtue. “David, I love you too. And I understand that you did terrible things a long time ago, but you did question things and that is why you left Gabriel, and why it was so easy for you to make changes.” I smiled up at him, “what choices you make now, that is what makes you who you are. What you did in the past is just that, past.”
“I’m just not ready to believe that you could truly want to be with a beast like me, forever, and I don’t want you to make a mistake you will regret. Forever is a long time to regret. Come on, let’s change clothes. I think we need a change of scenery.” He quickly walked away toward the bedroom to the left and disappeared behind the door.
I changed into some men’s pants and a shirt, David took off his jacket and we made our way to the garden. The rest of the afternoon we spent throwing each other around in the feathery snow. Jujutsu, David called it. I noticed Dmitry stood like a statue in one of the windows watching us. We eventually ended up launching snowballs at each other, laughing as the snow soaked into our clothes and hair. 
As we returned back to the palace to change into some dry clothes, I no longer saw Dmitry in the window. I did hear the heavy speech of Irina as she spoke in Russian to one of the servants. It sounded like a scolding. She was gone for an afternoon, not long enough for her to go to France. As we approached the stairs up to our rooms, she saw us and gave me an almost unnoticeable glare before she walked away, her heels clicking on the wooden floor. 
After we changed from our sparing clothes into evening dress, Dmitry came and asked us to come down to the game room, which was a mahogany paneled room with heavy leather chairs and several carved tables. There David and Dmitry taught me to play Chess. Irina never joined us, and no one spoke about her. 
The night flew by as Dmitry told comical stories of the time David had spent with them. Apparently, David and Dmitry were very mischievous. Many times they got into several duals that they lost purposely and then came back to haunt the unsuspecting humans. Dmitry had a strange sense of humor and David would constantly get him in and out of trouble.
We spent the next couple of months, playing games, practicing Tai Chi and talking. I even conned Dmitry to go hunting with us in the forest surrounding St. Petersburg. He enjoyed himself immensely when he tracked and took down a black bear. He was very kind to everyone, even the humans that worked at the palace.
We saw very little of Irina. When we did she was usually barking orders at the servants. She seemed to spend most of her time alone and I wondered if she was lonely here. Frequently I would try to invite her into a conversation. She would quickly and calmly answer any question I had, but then go off to do more work.
Time seemed as frozen as the Neva River became. I longed for spring. David reminded me that the Christmas Ball was approaching, so I tried to look forward to that. Having never been to a dance let alone a lavish royal ball, I was quite nervous and afraid I would make a fool of myself.
Chapter 12 – A Hideous Secret

Two weeks before the Christmas ball, David and I were working on sparing in the nearly finished ballroom. The wind was too strong for us to hear each other speak while in the garden, so Dmitry offered the ballroom to practice in. It was a large room of white with huge hand painted murals on the ceiling and intricate gold carvings on the walls surrounding the glass doors and windows. If the sun was shining, I was sure this room would glow.
Sitting at a gilded grand piano in one corner of the room, Dmitry played a Russian melody. Spending time near us, but never directly interacting with us, he seemed to be quite content. I had grown to think of Dmitry as an older brother as I think, by the nickname of ‘sestrinka’, he thought of me as a little sister.
David and I were working on a Kata together that I had done many times before. I smoothly duplicated his movements as we punched, kicked then stepped to the side. The cold parquet floor was smooth under my bare feet. My mind drifted to Irina and Dmitry and their frequent solitude.
 “Do most vampires spend their time, in seclusion? It seems to me, that it would be a very long eternity to hardly ever have contact with others.”
“Watch your stance. Your right leg needs to be out longer and more at a 45 degree angle, you’re at about 30.” David stepped over to me a sly grin on his face as he moved my leg with his hand, lingering just a bit more than necessary.
“You know, I really can’t concentrate with you doing that,” I teased nudging him gently with my hip.
He chuckled as he returned to his stance beside me. “No, not all vampires spend their time alone, but this is the job he was given by the Czar to keep the summer house which is a great honor in this coven. During the summer, the Czar and his family all come here and it is a very happy place. It’s just the winter where he is mostly solitary.”
“Irina was sent here to be his companion,” I added looking over at Dmitry. His eyes were closed as he let his fingers caress the pearl and ebony keys.
“Yes, but unfortunately Dmitry and Irina don’t appear to get along very well. I think she feels like this job is beneath her. Dmitry told me that she was an advisor before she left for France.”
“Did he tell you why she left?” I didn’t want to pry, but my curiosity was to strong. “He never speaks of her much around me.”
“She was in love with a vampire from France and left to be with him. I’m not sure what happened, but he was killed and she barely escaped with her life. She was sent here, I think she finds it below her station.”
I tried to put myself in her place, a broken heart and on top of that when she came home, no forgiveness. I’d hoped my father would have granted me forgiveness, if he were still alive.  She must have been in a lot of pain and maybe she needed a friend to comfort her.
“Oh, that is why I never see her. And why she seems so angry. How terribly sad to have lost your love and, as you try to rebuild your life, get punished for being in love in the first place.”
“She is very strong. I don’t know what I would do if I lost you.” David’s voice was strained, “I don’t think I would survive.”
Dmitry began to play a lovely dance melody and David turned, his face suddenly beaming, and bowed to me. “Would you like to dance?”
I giggled and curtsied holding on to the sides of the slightly too big breeches. David put one arm around my waist and took my hand with the other. We whirled around the dance floor to the spirited melody. I didn’t know the dance, but David did and he was able to guide me gracefully around sometimes lifting me just slightly off the floor when I took a wrong step. Looking deeply into my eyes, he smiled warmly.
When the song was complete I curtsied and David bowed. I heard the clap from two different sets of hands. I turned and saw Dmitry still sitting at the piano a smile on his face as he looked at us, and at an open doorway, Irina stood in a lovely purple gown with a high waste and collar and a wide light purple sash. Her hair was pulled back into a tight braided bun. She was also clapping. She was not smiling and I began to wonder if she even knew how.
“I’m afraid I will have to steal Jane for the afternoon,” She spoke warmly, but her face was still stern. “I’ve made appointment for us to go to my favorite dressmaker to get dresses for the ball.”
“Ah, how wonderful!” Dmitry exclaimed. “I’m sure David and I will have the most beautiful women at the ball on our arms.”
Irina looked at him and gave him a quick half-smile. She raised her eyebrows as she looked at what I was wearing, “after you’ve changed of course.”
She sashayed out of the room and I looked down at my clothes. I was wearing a blue men’s shirt and a pair of dark blue men’s breeches rolled up to my ankles and no shoes.  My hair was pulled back into a bun at the nape of my neck. If one wasn’t looking closely they could have mistaken me for a street urchin. It was comfortable, especially when sparing with David.
David also looked at me, one eyebrow raised and a smile on his lips, “I like what you’re wearing.”
I smirked at him and rolled my eyes. “I guess I’ll go get changed.”
Dmitry stood and strode over to David as I walked out of the room. I went to my apartment and changed into a pale pink dress with long flowing sleeves and a scooped neck. I then donned a heavy white cloak. 
I turned to walk out the door then, paused and went back and found my sewing basket. It was in the back of a closet. In the bottom of the basket was the drawing Mary made for me so long ago. I took the folded paper and put it in my handbag. Then I rushed down the stairs to the foyer. 
Irina was waiting for me. She must have been pleased with my change because she wasn’t frowning, which for her was an improvement. I promised to be kind to her and smiled warmly. She had donned a dark purple cloak with gold piping on the edges. When I approached she nervously put her arm in mine. I was surprised by the friendly gesture, and she smiled shyly at me. Together we walked to the carriage waiting for us outside.
When we got settled into the carriage she turned to face me her purple gloved hands twisting nervously in her lap. “Jane, I want to apologize for not spending more time with you. I’ve been very sullen, and I would like to be friends.”
“I hadn’t noticed,” I lied and smiled at her, thinking of her lost love.
She took my hands in hers. Her ruby eyes sparkled. “I lost someone I cared very much for. It has been difficult for me to move on, and I seem to spend all my time working. I see you and David and the love you have for each other…”
“It must be very difficult for you to see David and me together,” I smiled at her honestly and patted her arm to comfort her. “It’s alright. I’m sure we’ll have a lovely afternoon.”
We got to the dressmakers; they already had several dresses laid out for us to look at. We spent the afternoon trying on dresses. I showed the seamstress my picture and she became very excited about it. Helping me to pick out material, she also took my measurements. She told me I would need to return in a three days for a first fitting of the dress. 
By the time we left the shop the sun was setting behind the grey and pink clouds. I looked to see if the sun would show tomorrow, but the clouds where as thick as ever. Disappointed, I sighed softly, I did enjoy spending time outside. We climbed back into the carriage.
“I’m glad you came,” she smiled. “I hate going dress shopping alone.”
“I’m glad I came, too. It’s good to have a girlfriend,” I smiled at her. 
“It seems so easy to be friends with you. You must have had some talent for making friends in your human life.”
I thought about all my friends in Andover, and how easy it was to get people to like me, even before I became the devil’s angel. It seemed natural to me, not a talent to be friendly to others and try to think of them before my own selfish needs.
We talked about the ball and the work she had to finish for it. I offered to help but she refused. She said it was her duty. She told me there would be many important vampires from the Russian coven, and I wondered how many vampires there were. Again my thoughts circled around to the prophecy.
“I hope to do well with the ball and gain back the Czar’s favor.” She looked out of the carriage, “I like Catherine’s palace very much, but I used to assist with more important matters of state.”
“You don’t like Dmitry very much, do you,” I state taking her hand in mine.
“No, it’s not that. I just don’t know him very well, and… he reminds me of someone…” she paused.
Understanding, that she was speaking of her lover, I smiled comfortingly and patted her arm. I promised myself I would spend more time with her, and perhaps I could find a chance for her to spend more time with David and Dmitry. Their warm humor would surely help her to heal from her heartbreak.
We arrived back at the palace. The harsh wind still blew as we entered the safety of the palace. A true smile on her face, Irina seemed to be genuinely happy right now. I was glad I could be of some comfort to her, if only for a moment. I couldn’t understand the pain she must have gone through by losing her lover. Thinking of David, I prayed I would never have to. 
 “Please excuse me,” Irina announced removing her cloak and handing it to a servant. “There are still many more particulars I need to deal with.”
”Irina,” I blurted before she could escape me, “would you join us in the game room this evening. I’m getting a bit bored at getting beat at chess, and I thought we could play cards?”
She smiled thoughtfully at the invitation, “I will think about it.”
She turned and clicked down the hall. I noticed her walk was a little slower than it had been before. Perhaps, I was of some comfort to her. I’d hoped that she would come this evening; I knew it couldn’t be healthy, even for a vampire, to spend so much time alone, to dwell over the past. 
Handing my cloak to the servant as well, I thanked him warmly and skipped up the stairs to the suite David and I shared. I still found it odd that the servants would be so unafraid to work for and around vampires so calmly. But Dmitry and Irina were very considerate of them and never harmed them or their families. 
I heard an argument resounding in the hall and stopped at the partially open door not wanting to interrupt. I stopped breathing and thought of returning to the entry hall when David’s voice made me freeze.
“No, you don’t understand. I have to tell her. I just can’t let this haunt me,” David’s voice was stressed and angry.
“If you tell her it may push her away. She is happy here and with you. I don’t know if you want to do that.” Dmitry calmly spoke, “I care for her as well, and I would hate for her to be upset about such a small detail.”
“Dmitry, her father was coming to find and kill her. I was trying to protect her. James and I… we… we did what needed to be done to save her. Things shouldn’t have happened the way they did, but I think she needs to understand, to know what happened to her father. I’ve been thinking about this since we left, and I’ve finally decided she needs to know the truth… about everything. Even the horrible things I’ve done.”
“The truth about what?” I burst into the room, fear and anger flowing through my veins.
David and Dmitry were close together as if they were squaring off. Dmitry had a finger pointed into David chest, and David’s hands were flexed into fists. There was a look of surprise on their faces when I entered the room. At the same moment, they quickly took a couple steps away from each other; and Dmitry put his hand down and David ran his fingers through his hair.
“I’m sorry,” Dmitry looked at me and bowed, but I was sure he was talking to David. He quickly walked out, quietly shutting the door behind him with a soft click.
David sighed and sat on one of the red and white flowered couches. “Jane, please sit with me.” His voice was strained and rough. Leaning forward, elbows on knees, his hands were clasped as if praying.
I stood for a moment unsure if I should be angry with him. Finally, I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt and went to the couch to sit beside him. I sat a few inches away from him tall and straight. Feeling as though I wanted to bolt at any second, I forced my feet flat on the floor. Taking my hands he gazed at the flames in the fireplace. His hands were cool and heavy in mine. He inhaled deeply as if trying to figure out where to start and turned to look into my eyes. His burgundy eyes looked so sad the same look when he’d talked about James and their family.
“Jane, I told you that my brother and I had… problems that I just couldn’t overcome. Well when I was in China, I went to see a mystic. My sensei, Lu Jiao, suggested it, because I was… troubled and he thought it would help me find some closure. The mystic told me that James was in danger. He is my brother; I love him and have always sworn to protect him. So, I came to the new world and started to track James. I knew he had been sent to find, and I knew he would, you. He was always good at tracking. I told you before he was the best in France.” David stopped talking and let go of my hands.
I entwined my fingers in his and held them tight.  “Please, I think I need to know this,” I encouraged, my chest constricting. In my mind, I screamed for him to be quite and not speak of this ever again.
“When I arrived at Andover I watched James. He was observing you and so I began to watch you as well. You were hurting, we both could see that.”
I remembered the times I felt someone watching me. I wondered how clear my feeling on the arranged marriage had been. Mary, James, and David could tell how upset I was. I must have hurt my father and John terribly. I remembered their faces the very last time I saw them, dead in the church. My chest ached with the memory. Inhaling slowly, hoping he wouldn’t notice, I held my breath to keep the sobs from coming.
“I fell in love with you then, I wanted to protect you no matter the cost. The trackers came to find James and I guided them away from Andover. I guess I hoped if I could keep them away from you that you would be safe. I didn’t realize what James had planned for you. When I returned the villagers had found the dead girl, I heard them talking about you being stolen. Your father seemed to understand right away that this attack was not human or animal but something more. He was very adamant that they needed to avenge the girl and make sure your soul was saved, ensuring you a place in heaven. I went to look for James and, hopefully, you still alive.”
Thinking back to my memories of my father, I recalled the discussion we had about my soul and things he would never talk about when he was in Salem. He made a promise that day to send my soul to heaven to be with my mother and I was sure he would uphold that promise. A cold chill ran down my back.
 David continued, ignoring my careful expression, “When I finally tracked you to the cave, James had already bitten you. I was too late to save you from our fate.” His face was distraught, “but James had given you a better chance at survival.”
I thought of the burning. I turned my face to the fire and watched the flames licking around the wood, the same sensation I had throughout my body. I remembered the feeling of going into Hell. The pain of millions of needles piercing me throughout my body was something I would never forget. David was there during this time, helplessly watching me. I couldn’t imagine how much it would have hurt him to see me going through the burning transformation, it would have been dreadful.
“When I got there, you where so calm laying there in the cave, I’d never seen that before. Usually the change makes people thrash about. I was worried. Unlike James, I’d never… given someone ‘the gift’ as he liked to call it. I was concerned that he’d done something wrong. James, obviously, didn’t like my concern for you. He loves you, in his way,” David looked at me as if to justify what James had done. “We had an argument, he wanted to keep you. He explained to me, after you had finished with the transformation, he was going hide you in the unexplored areas of the new world, perhaps up north. It wasn’t well thought out, but he never was good at thinking ahead,” David chuckled darkly.
“We left you briefly and had a… fight.” He squirmed uncomfortably.
I thought about when I woke how disheveled James had looked. I thought then it looked like he’d been in a fight. I also recalled how concerned he was with me returning to Andover. 
I opened my mouth, wanting to ask David about the fight, but he continued to talk, more rapidly now as if once he told me he would be free from its weight. “A hunting party, your father and a group of men from your town came across us. Our violence must have alerted them to our location, we were rather… loud. When they saw us, they knew we had something to do with your disappearance.”
I thought of two vampires with super-strength fighting and what my father and the others would have thought of the scene. I pictured trees being uprooted by the flying bodies of David and James and punches that would crush a boulder.
 “They were angry and wanted vengeance. They brought weapons, knives and guns. We were sure they meant to kill you. To send your tortured soul to heaven, I guess.”
“You killed them? They didn’t have a chance against you and you killed them,” Fear mixed with sorrow gripped me tightly. Angry, I felt the need to hit David, scream at him. Instead, I quickly stood up and went to the fireplace rage boiling in my veins.
“No!” David jumped of the sofa. It slid back a little from the force with a squeal and he quickly walked behind me, putting a hand on my shoulder. 
I pulled away with a jerk and took a couple steps away, my back still to him. My mind was still screaming for him to shut up. I wanted no more of the pain.
“I wanted to scare them, to get them to stay away until we could move you to somewhere safe. James attacked them, however.” David looked down darkly, “he only wanted to protect you. You need to understand, he was angry that they had hurt you so much, and violence is the only way he knows. I was able to stop him and the men got away... they escaped to the church.” His soft voice cracked. “I didn’t know there was someone waiting for them, two someones.”
I turned back to David, I felt like I had a lead ball suddenly appear in my stomach. “The trackers were there in town?” Flashes of the wrecked church flew through my mind.
He nodded putting both hands on the mantle for support, “in the church. The men ran into the church, a place of sanctuary for them, and the trackers attacked them without mercy. I chased them there, like lambs to a slaughter. It was my fault I couldn’t protect them. I wanted to protect you so much that I didn’t see the danger to them before it was too late.” He paused deep in thought, “James insisted on going back to the cave and staying with you. Once someone is in the process of the change it is dangerous to move them. It’s a delicate process and you could die if moved, so I tried to lead the twins away from you again. It worked for a while. They came to the cave, but luckily you had gone.”
“I’m so sorry. It was my fault that you were changed into a vampire, and your father and the others were killed. If you hate me forever, I could not blame you.” He sat back on the couch and put his face in his hands, a choking sob escaped his mouth.
I was a whirlwind of emotion. I understood David and what he had done. Part of me wanted to run to his side and hug and kiss him until the pain left his mind. On the other hand, my father had died because of what James and he had done to me. If they had both left me alone in Andover, the trackers would have never known it was me they were looking for. I would be miserably married to John right now, living a dull but safe life and my father and friends would still be alive.
I went to him and sat on the floor at his feet billowing pink fabric all around me and took his hands, he looked mournfully at me as if waiting for me to rip him apart and throw him in the fire. “I understand what you did. It may mean very little, but I forgive you for what happened. I know you were only trying to save me and James as well. If I was in your place, I don’t think I would have done it differently.”
He slid off of the couch and onto the floor with me and pulled me to him, his sweet scent flowing around me. I wrapped my arms around his back and held him tightly, his body shuddering with tearless sobs. He felt like a grieving child in my arms and for once I felt as though I was the one protecting him, keeping him safe from harm.
Under his weeping, he muttered, “Jane, I love you, and I’m sorry. I wish I could have done something different to save you and your father. It felt like before… when James came home… after he had been changed. If I hadn’t—“
“Don’t even start,” I commanded and squeezed him tighter. “We could spend our eternities playing ‘what-if’ and it still wouldn’t change what happened. I love you and I’m happy I’m here with you, right now.”
“Jane could you, not squeeze so tight,” He sounded a bit tense.
I relaxed my hold and he inhaled. Softly I giggled and I felt his chest move with silent laughter as well. We sat there comforting each other as the sky outside darkened and the fire changed into glowing red embers in the fireplace.
“Dmitry will be worried. He thinks that if you’d found out what had happened… you would kill me,” David whispered softly. I noticed there was a hint of questioning in his voice as if some small part of him also thought that I would kill him.
“Oh, I forgot, I invited Irina to stay with us tonight. She said she may come and she really wants to be friends.” I looked up at David’s face with excitement. “She has had a terrible time and I think being with others is exactly what she needs.”
David’s eyes narrowed for a moment looking far away in thought. Then he looked down at me with a warm smile. “You are such a wonderful and forgiving person.” He stroked my face with his hand tenderly, “Well, let’s go. Tonight, I’m going to beat Dmitry for sure. I’ve been working on a new battle plan.”
His talk of battles and plans reminded me that he once was a warrior and is still. To be able to show me such vulnerability must be very difficult. And to see him weep openly to me made me feel extraordinarily special. 
We stood up and holding hands made our way to the game room. When we got to the room, it was warm and the only light came from a large fire in the fireplace. Dmitry sat deep in thought in one of the high back leather chairs facing the doorway, a Chess board setup on the table in front of him. He was leaning back in the chair, one leg crossed over the other and the hand he was on his mouth as he contemplated the board. 
He smiled and stood when we entered the room. “I am so glad you seem to be in one piece, moi drug.”
“It seems love does conquer all,” The thick accent came from the chair with its back to the door. Irina stood from the chair and turned to face us.
“Irina!” I exclaimed and went to hug her. “I’m so glad you decided to come.”
Dmitry and David exchanged a quizzical look as we all sat around the table in the middle of the room. After Irina beat Dmitry at the game of chess, we spent the rest of the night playing cards. I won several times, and Irina showed us how to play a card game she played when she was a child. We laughed and had a wonderful night.
I put the sadness of my father to the back of my mind. I understood my father wanting to keep my soul safe and with God, that was the way my father was. However, I couldn’t comprehend how he could kill his only child. I had always hoped he would have understood and let me go with his prayers if I had come to him after becoming a monster. I realized that fear makes people do strange things; including believing that a building made for God would keep out evil. That, I thought, would be enough to explain his actions. I remembered in the Merchant of Venice: ‘The villainy you teach me I will execute, and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction.’ I wondered if it had anything to do with the things that happened in Salem, the things he always refused to talk about.
Chapter 13 – Skating on the Neva

A few evenings later, Irina appeared in my doorway, a pair of skates in her hands. She was dressed in a purple brocade dress that came down to just above her ankles. The bodice fit her figure snuggly the wide collar flowed nicely to the tight fitting long sleeves. She had on a purple with white fur-trim hooded cloak.
“Let’s go skating tonight,” She smiled happily at me as she waltzed into the room. “I’ve always loved skating.”
“I’ve never been,” I admitted nervously, my stomach twisted with apprehension.
“I’ll teach you,” She stated. “The boys are coming, it won’t be just us.”
I smiled nervously and she seemed so excited that I didn’t want to disappoint, “I’ll need to go change.”
She looked at my clothes for the first time, a heavy long gown not at all appropriate for physical activity. She nodded to me and followed into my room to help me pick something out. We settled on a gold calf-length dress with a lace-lined scoop neckline and embroidered flowers all up and down the skirt and sleeves. I put on my heavy black cloak and we walked arm in arm to the entryway.
David and Dmitry were dressed in heavy coats and tricorne hats over their clothes with a pair of skates thrown over their shoulders. They looked very comfortable about the idea of ice skating, to my dismay. I’d half hoped that they would change Irina’s mind and we would spend another evening playing cards.
We walked out into the crisp air of the starless night, and down the drive to the cobble stone street. David took my arm and walked with me close to him. I huddled against him, not from the cold, that didn’t bother me, but simply to be close. Humans bustled about in the street; no one gave the four vampires walking gracefully down the road from the palace a second look. 
“No one is surprised to see us,” I stated with some confusion.
“No, sestrinka, they are very much used to having vampires among them. We, in Russia, are very fortunate that the people no longer look for demons amongst them. If they fear us, they just avoid us, another perk from our wonderful Emperor.” 
We strolled along the river walk and finally came to a place that had steps going down to the frozen river. David assisted me down the frosty steps and to the ice. We sat down on some logs that had been rolled onto the river bank for people to sit. Along the banks where several hooked poles that had been thrust into the frozen ground with lanterns hanging on them. In the flickering light several skaters glided gracefully on the frosty surface of the river. Butterflies quivered in my stomach.
“Uh, David, I’ve never been skating before,” I admitted fumbling nervously with the sharp bladed contraptions.
As he put on his skates, he smiled warmly at me, “that’s alright, I have.”
I wasn’t surprised; there wasn’t much that David didn’t know. He helped me to put on the wooden skates with the shiny metal blades attached. I’d tried to assist him but mostly hindered him in the process. By the time he’d finished, Irina and Dmitry were already skating and laughing. I sighed nervously as David helped me to stand.
“You don’t have anything to be worried about,” he laughed. “It’s not like you’ll break your bones or drowned.”
“No, but I can make a complete fool of myself,” I retorted trying to balance as best as I could.
He skated backwards holding my hands in his, pulling me along. I held on for all I was worth wobbling back and forth nervously. We made slow circles as far away from the other skaters as we could, David stared into my eyes all the while, making sure I was alright as if we were the only ones here.
“You are doing really well,” he smiled.
I knew he was lying. I almost fell down several times practically taking him with me and anyone that dared to get close to us. I wobbled along failing miserably at this new task. Once again, I felt completely helpless. 
I looked out at Irina as she jumped and spun gracefully in the air landing on one leg, her other stretched out elegantly. Dmitry also was a magnificent skater; he would leap spinning in the air and then spin rapidly in small tight circles.
“I’m sorry, I’m not very good at this,” I apologized as he kept me from falling again.
Turning, so that he was beside me, David pulled me close to him and wrapped his arms around my waist. Again, I almost lost my balance and David had to keep us from falling onto the hard ice. He lightly picked my feet up off the frozen river and skated in gracefully circles. We twirled and soared, I laughed at the flying sensation. 
“Now think of this as a practice in balance,” he stated. His voice was smooth as silk.
Suddenly, David put my feet back on the ice. In a panic, I gripped his arm tightly and tensed my legs and ankles wobbling back and forth. I finally made him loose his balance and we toppled onto the frozen river. 
He laughed hysterically as he sat up. I felt embarrassed and wondered if I could fake a broken ankle until it was time to go home. He put his gloved hands on my face and brought me closer to him. His lips were soft and sweet as he kissed me. 
“My dearest, you have nothing to be ashamed about. Dmitry, Irina and I have spent many winters skating. Believe it or not, you are doing very well for a beginner.”
Irina and Dmitry glided to us and Dmitry assisted me onto my shaky legs as David stood up elegantly. My legs had a mind of their own and neither agreed with the other. I quickly went down again when my feet went in opposite directions. Dmitry remained standing, but just barely.
“I can’t figure this out. It should be easy,” I moaned as David and Irina helped me to stand again.
“Perhaps, I can try?” Irina asked, gliding up to me.
“If you don’t mind falling on your backside,” I warned.
She smiled warmly standing next to me and took my hands in hers so they were crossed in front of each of us like a basket weave. This hold helped with my balance because is gave Irina the most control.
“Now, push off with the toe of the blade on your right skate,” She commanded.
Together we pushed of gently and we moved slowly along on the ice.  At her command, we simultaneously pushed with the left foot then the right again. We skated in a straight line and I became more comfortable with my balance.
“We’ll keep working on forward and then deal with a turn later,” Irina explained as we skated under a wooden bridge and away from the rest of the skaters. “When I was small, my nanny taught me this way.”
We skated along in silence for a few minutes, then she added, “I wanted to thank you for… everything. You’ve been a true friend.”
I smiled at her, “I’ve really enjoyed spending time with you.”
“I also wanted to thank you for…well… Dmitry,” her face turned away with embarrassment. “It was very difficult to talk with him, until you came along. It’s like you’ve introduced us for the first time. I care for him very much.”
I gave her hand a squeeze, “I’m glad I was able to help.”
We went under another bridge, “let’s turn now. I want you to watch my feet and lean as I do.”
We curved in a large semicircle going under the bridge once more. We laughed as I was able to do the turn without falling and taking Irina with me. At the same time, we stopped laughing as we smelled a sweet scent associated with other vampires. 
Under the shadow of the bridge, five vampires stood with their fiery red eyes glowing in the dark. One called out to us in Russian. I didn’t understand him, but the tone was menacing, explaining that he meant to cause trouble. Irina retorted back to him in a scolding fashion.  I think I heard the name Pytor mentioned as I looked down at the frozen river.
If it came to a fight, I wouldn’t have a chance with the skates on. We approached the other side of the bridge and I wondered if I could make the jump onto the bridge with the skates on my feet. Getting to stable ground for a fight was important to me.
The five vampires circled us and we stopped in our tracks. They didn’t have skates on but still moved gracefully across the ice. I wobbled slightly at the sudden stop and hoped they didn’t notice as Irina kept me upright.
“Stay close to me,” she whispered. There was a slight trace of fear in her eyes, but she blinked quickly and it was transformed into a fierce anger.
“English?” One of the vampires asked looking at me with a smile, “your name?”
He was stocky with extremely short black hair, his scarlet eyes shining in the dark.  Dressed in a dark black suit, I saw he was armed with a sword at his hip.
Smiling, he approached me and held a hand out to me. I tensed as Irina smacked his hand away from me and continued to scold them in Russian. Without the extra hand hold I quickly lost my balanced and fell backwards. Another vampire in the group caught me quickly under my arms and stood me back up. Pulling me backwards with an arm around my waist, he successfully separated Irina and me. 
I dug the point of the heel of my skate into the ice preventing my captor to continue pulling me backwards. I could see two figures speed down the ice and in a shower of cold crystal slid to a stop just short of the scene before them. Furious, David and Dmitry glowered at the five vampires.
The one vampire that seemed to be the leader and had done all the talking turned and looked at the new arrivals. His eyes narrowed and he moved toward them, the muscles in his square jaw flexed. The other three nearest to Irina moved between her and who they perceived as invaders to this private gathering. She slid backwards to join me and the one that had his hands on my arms, quickly put her hand in mine. 
I pulled at the arm of my captor and gave him, what I’d hoped was, a nasty look. Smiling at me briefly like a boy getting into mischief, he let go and joined his companions. Quickly Irina bent down to remove my skates. Grabbing her shoulder for balance I kept alert of all their movements, watching the five cautiously.
The leader approached David, looking menacing as he was about a head taller than David and twice as wide. They glared at each other for a moment and I wondered if there was going to be an altercation. Then suddenly grabbing David around the shoulders, the vampire picked him up with a huge bear hug, smiling widely and laughing. David also laughed and returned the hug, but not to the same degree. Dmitry, David and the five exchanged hugs, handshakes, and greetings in Russian, French and English. They obviously knew each other.
I looked at Irina and raised my eyebrows in surprise. With a confused expression on her face and my skates in her hands she shrugged. My balanced restored at the loss of the torturous skates, we slid across the frozen water toward the group of men.
“Jane,” David’s face glowed with excitement. “I would like you to meet Ivan, Kyrylo, Petro, Oleksiy and Vladimir.”
After every name he pointed to the five men, each bowing gallantly in return. Petro was the one that had kept me from falling. I realized they all looked very similar in size and in the structure of their faces as if they’d been brothers in their other lives. Each was tall and wide and had very short hair and square faces. They looked very close to the same age as well.
“They are the Dakhanavar, and the biggest troublemakers in all of Armenia.” David smiled and put his hand around my shoulder.
“Nyet,” their leader, Ivan, spoke, “We are the biggest troublemakers in all of Russia as well. Without, Dmitry and David we would not be alive today, or for that matter allowed back into the country without losing our lives. In fact, I recall that they are the ones that started it all what with the fire in Red Square--"
“I don’t think that is a story for ladies,” David interrupted, looking embarrassed, “besides, I believe I lit that fire to cover up your mess.”
They all laughed loudly at the private jest. The laughter echoed against the banks and frozen water.
“This Jane,” Petro spoke carefully to David, “She is yours?” 
He smiled at me hopefully and I smiled back a bit surprised at his forward behavior. Petro’s English was a bit broken; it was obvious he meant no disrespect of treating me as a possession, I’d hoped. Reflexively, David squeezed me a little tighter to him.
“I don’t belong to anyone,” I corrected still smiling warmly. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings. “However, David and I are together.”
I noticed a shadow of concern on David’s face briefly flicker and then fade away into a smile. Concern filled me, I hoped I hadn’t said something to hurt David’s feelings, but I was not an object to be owned and wanted to make that clear.
Dmitry slapped Oleksiy on the shoulder, “We are caring for Catherine’s Palace while the Czar is at the Winter Palace. Please come there is much to catching up to do.”
“The Palace, huh,” Ivan grinned widely. “I would not think Pytor would be so kind if he knew you were allowing us to grace the halls of that palace.”
“Oh, I’m sure he has forgotten that already,” Dmitry retorted and laughed uncomfortably as though he too was sure Pytor would not be happy.
As we made our way back to the palace David, Dmitry and the Dakhanavar acted oddly like children as they playfully wrestled with each other in the street, talking and laughing loudly. Irina and I walked next to each other closely, the only mature members of the party. Looking at Irina she scowled disapprovingly at the men playing in front of us.
Chapter 14 – Dakhanavar

We arrived at the palace and Dmitry lead the way to one of the larger parlors. It was lavishly decorated with red wood paneling and roman style pillars with painted murals on the ceiling. In this room, there were several couches with yellow flowered fabric and red wood details. Irina and I sat at one of the couches.
“This is really lovely,” Ivan commented gazing at all the furnishings, “Much better than the creepy old lodge.” 
The others nodded in agreement and I wondered if they all shared the same brain. And wondered what would be so disturbing about a lodge to a vampire. I stifled a giggle pinching my lips tightly together.
Quickly, Petro was next to me on the couch, smiling widely. His face was more round and darker than the others, but his bright red eyes were sparkling with joy. Whether it was his mannerisms or his face; he looked to be the youngest of the Dakhanavar. I returned his smile politely then looked at David; his eyes had narrowed slightly at the boldness of his comrade. David moved toward us, but was stopped by Ivan’s voice.
“David, what brings you back to Russia? Last time I heard you had gone to China to become a monk or something,” Ivan’s voice teased, but there was a hint of anger in his voice. 
The other Dakhanavar snickered softly. Then they turned to look at David, who still had his eyes on me. His hands tightened into fists. Closing his eyes and inhaling slowly, he sighed and relaxed his hands, just slightly.
Through still clenched teeth, he murmured, “I had business in the Americas. James needed me.”
“Ha!” Vladimir’s deep laugh boomed through the room causing me to startle. “James good, dah?”
“Yes.” David stated simply.
Casually, Ivan crossed the room and sat on one of the couches with a flop. It squeaked as it scrapped across the wooden floor. I noticed Irina recoil slightly. Stretching out on the plush yellow and white rug on the floor, Vladimir put his hands behind his head and crossed his legs at the ankles, making himself quite at home as well. 
Oleksiy and Kyrylo sat on another couch with Dmitry. They were deep in a conversation in Russian. I listened to their banter trying in vain to pick out words I knew. They laughed and slapped each other on the backs. I guessed they were catching up on what they all had been doing.
Glaring at Petro, David sat across from me. Crossing his arms and slouching, he looked like a child that didn’t get what he wanted. For some reason, I noticed, that David seemed extremely comfortable around these Dakhanavar. Although, he was quite upset with the sudden attention I was getting from Petro.
“What do you do in Armenia?” I asked to no one in general.
“We are soldiers for hire, mercenaries you would call us,” waving a hand in the air, Ivan spoke while looking at the painted ceiling from his lounging position.
“So you do whatever the person paying you asks?” I questioned, eyeing Ivan a little more closely. This didn’t seem like a friend to do anything someone asks for money and I wondered if he could have been paid by Gabriel to kill me.
“To a certain extent,” Petro murmured. “We do have our own rules. We will not fight for two warring clans at the same time and we do not go against friends, although we do not have many.” He smiled at me warmly and brushed the back of his hand softly against mine.
David adjusted his position as if it took all his strength to keep from jumping across the room and attacking Petro. I glared quickly at David, hoping he would stop acting so childish. He raised his eyebrows at me and glanced quickly at Petro. I smiled and chuckled softly. I couldn’t understand what David’s worry was all about. Petro obviously meant no harm. Looking younger than I, he seemed like a child to me. No one noticed our nonverbal exchange.
“David,” Ivan sat up and leaned closely toward David. “What have you heard from the Revenants?”
David turned to Ivan, “I’ve heard nothing from them. They have Faust and Fabian tracking Jane.” David creased his eyebrows, “What are you doing in St. Petersburg?” 
Perhaps David had the same concern as I.
“We are here to serve the Romanov king. He had sent for us.” Ivan noticed the surprised look on David’s face, “I know. I was surprised as well. We haven’t met with him yet, we just got here, but it must be imperative for him to ask us for help.”
“Pardon me,” Petro whispered to me and leaned closely toward me with his mouth close to my ear, “You are from the Americas, yes?”
I pulled my head back slightly and turned to look into his shiny ruby eyes, “Yes. I was born there… both times.” The corners of my lips twitched involuntarily at my little joke.
Petro hadn’t caught my humor, “I would like to see that land some day.” his face was full of excitement, “I’ve been all over Europe and the India and Ottoman Empires.”
“It’s not special. They have people and problems, just like everywhere else.” My thoughts turned to my father and my lost life. I decided to change the subject, “how long have you been in the Dakhanavar?” My curiosity at these mercenaries was growing.
“I was a soldier in my previous life. Nearly dead from wounds, Ivan and the others found me. He changed me and I became one of them. They are my brothers and I would protect them with my life,” Petro smiled. He appeared to be proud to be in this brotherhood.
I found it interesting how we both talked about our past as other lives, as if we were reborn into the bodies we had now. Petro and I seemed to have much in common; I too wanted to see the world and I would also protect David with my life.
“How long have you been a vampire?” he asked again leaning closer to me. 
“Last spring,” I commented, carefully moving further down the couch by pretending to adjust my gown.
“So you are new to this life?” He seemed very interested in this topic. “Did you know before you where turned what you where becoming?”
I thought back to the horrible night when James stole me away from my home. “No, I didn’t have any idea,” I whispered darkly. I didn’t like to think of all I had lost that one night, even though I’d gained David’s love.
“David didn’t change you,” Petro looked at David whose head was closed to Ivan. They were in deep discussion. 
I noticed it wasn’t a question, “No. Why do you ask?”
“Well, I worked with David many times, and he was a great assassin,” Petro flung his arms wildly in the air. He seemed reverent towards David and I wondered what David had done to get such respect. “The best I have ever seen. However, he was very resolute that he would never put someone through the transformation, even if it meant saving someone.” Petro chuckled, “he is a strange creature indeed. He lost so much, everyone he cared for. When we met him he was full of anger and loathing for himself and his brother. Yet he takes you under his wing, a newborn vampire.” Petro glanced at David just as David looked over at us with fire in his eyes, “You must be something special to him, to care so much.”
Petro looked at me with appreciation on his face. I felt quite embarrassed by the attention and looked at my fingers which I had been twisting nervously in my lap. Petro nudged me teasingly with his shoulder.
“James changed me,” I blurted. “I left him in Massachusetts and have been traveling with David since then.”
Petro looked at me and nodded with understanding. For some strange reason I felt very comfortable talking to him about James, almost like we had been old friends. I knew I wanted to know more of David’s past. I felt it was important for me to understand what he did for the Revenants. I’d known he had killed for them and I thought I could handle that part of the story. Glancing back at David, who had turned back to his conversation with Ivan, I turned toward Petro.
Phrasing my question carefully I asked, “you worked with David and James before, what did you do with them?”
Petro smiled proudly and held his hands out, “we helped with an issue in Spain. They needed to be very covert and that is what we do. It was just before David left France.” He continued, “there were five of them, David, James and three others and then us. We came from the south by sea and they came from the north.”
“What were you doing there?” Leaning close to Petro, my interest in the story was peeked.
Laughing softly as he whispered, “I cannot tell you that, but I will say there was a lot of bloodshed. It was wonderful. However, James and David argued constantly while we were in Spain. Apparently, there was a female they called Lily that James had come on this dangerous mission. David was quite concerned about this female. She was young as vampires go and did not have experience with combat. However, I think he had other motives for keeping her out of this particular mission,” Petro glanced at David again and then back at me with a knowing smile and raised his eyebrow just slightly.
I felt my stomach twist into a knot. Of course it didn’t make sense to be so anxious about this woman from David’s past. He had lived so much longer than me, obviously he would have other women he would have been fond of. Looking at David, I could tell that he was in a heavy conversation with Ivan and wasn’t looking at me. I felt as though I had opened his diary and now regretted knowing what he had written.
“The female was killed along with another of their group,” Petro continued, completely oblivious to my expression. “David was very upset and blamed James. I think David said something about killing all those around them that they cherished?” Petro waved a hand in the air, “it is hard to remember, being so long ago. But we finished the mission with all the Dakhanavar intact.”
I wanted to ask more about this female vampire, but refrained, it seemed that Petro didn’t know much about her. It felt childish to pry into David’s past, if he wanted to talk about it to me then he would have. Though I wondered why he never did talk much about his past, as if I should find some dark shadow there that would be too much to tolerate.
I remember Portia’s speech to Shylock in the Merchant of Venice: ‘We do pray for mercy, and that same prayer doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy.’ I could forgive David of any darkness in his past that I was sure of. While he may have loved her at one time, she was gone and now he was in love with me. 
Although I had talked myself into this justification, I still felt some petty jealousy for this girl I didn’t know and was no longer living. She had been with David at a time I didn’t; she spoke to him with moments I would never have; and, perhaps, she kissed his beautiful face before I. He may have told her things he would never say to me. Again my stomach clenched.
“I would enjoy your company again sometime,” Petro spoke to me as he stood up from the couch.
I realized that he had continued his conversation and I’d heard nothing of it. I’d hoped I hadn’t appeared to be rude to Petro, but he seemed to be fine with carrying on a one-sided conversation. Preparing to leave, the rest of the Dakhanavar where already standing next to the doorway.
Petro took my hand and kissed it gently, “until next time, Jane.” 
He smiled at me and walked toward his companions. As Petro crossed his path, David glared at him with burning dark red eyes. Petro didn’t give him a glance but smiled smugly. I wondered if there was more between Petro and David than either one had said this evening. More hidden secrets, I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear about.
We all said our good-byes and Dmitry gave them an open invitation to return to the palace again. They all seemed to enjoy themselves immensely. Except of course for Irina who I noticed was eyeing the floor where the couch scraped across. She would probably have someone come in and buff this floor later in the morning. 
There was a lot for me to consider now that I had a glimpse into David’s past. I thought of bringing up the subject, but wondered if that would be wise. I already learned something he probably didn’t want me to know and I wasn’t sure I really wanted the information anyway.
Taking my hand in his, we walked the Dakhanavar to the entryway. I looked at his perfect face and wondered why I hadn’t thought of him with someone else before. He was so perfect any woman, vampire or human, would love to be with him. For this moment in eternity, I should be lucky that we were together now.
The sky outside was lightening to a soft grey, but the snow was so white it nearly glowed brighter than the sky. Five vampires walked down the cobblestone path to the gate. They were talking and laughing as they disappeared into the street. 
Dmitry and Irina walked back inside as they Dakhanavar disappeared into the morning light. I stood for a moment in the fresh cool morning air. Watching my face curiously, David put his arm around my shoulders.
“What did you and Petro discuss?” He finally asked apprehension in his voice.
He was extremely curious and held back that tone with great effort. I knew that if he didn’t love me that he wouldn’t have been so concerned with the attention given to me by Petro.
I smiled while still looking toward the long gone men. “Battles,” I whispered.
“Battles,” he repeated with a bit of confusion. He shook his head slowly and laughed softly.
It began to snow lightly again. We watched as it slowly covered the drive. David’s arm was comforting and safe. I would stand by him, no matter what. I let the snow cover the battle that raged in my mind until it was covered completely. 
Smiling, I looked up at him. He was still looking at me with the same curious expression. Standing on my toes, I leaned towards him and put my lips softly against his. I closed my eyes, wrapping my arms around his waist. He leaned into me and weaved his fingers into my hair. I loved this man, no matter what.
Chapter 15 – The Christmas Ball

The night of the Ball was beautiful. That morning the clouds cleared so the night was filled with twinkling stars and a bright full moon. The air was cold and crisp. I spent the afternoon with Irina. We helped with each other’s hair, and then got dressed.
Irina looked beautiful. Her dark hair was piled on top of her head and held in place with gold clips with speckles of diamonds. She wore a dark blood red gown. It had a square neck line and detailed gold embroidery all along the fitted bodice. The sleeves went to just below her elbow where it flared out into red lace. The skirt was full and had vertically embroidered stripes.
I wore my self-designed dress. I chose a champagne colored silk with lavender flowers and silver braid stitching. Irina had braided the back of my hair and pinned in up forming two braided loops, on the sides my hair hung down in corkscrew curls. The tight bodice came down to my hips where the full skirt hung down to my feet trimmed with the same lavender flowers and silver braid. The puffed sleeves were made of fine silk that was almost see through and were cinched at the elbow then fanned out with a flare of lace to my wrists. I felt like a princess. Irina completed the dress by putting a gold and sapphire chocker around my neck.
When Irina and I walked to the top of the grand staircase, she stopped just before we reached the top step, checking her hair in a mirror, so that I was walking several steps in front of her. Her need for perfection for this evening extended even to her dress, she urged me to go on as she played with one of the clips in her hair.
As I glided down the stairs I paused. David stood at the bottom of the steps. His dark hair was slicked back, and he wore a dark blue high collar shirt and black waist coat and coat formally buttoned, ruffles of the dark blue fabric were at his wrists. He had on black pants tucked into shiny black leather boots that came up just below his knee. I noticed he had several gold and silver medals glinting on his chest and a jewel hilted sword on his belt, reminding me that he was a soldier. He looked absolutely perfect. 
I stared at him in total awe. He looked at me with wide eyes, and I suddenly felt very insecure, still disbelieving that he could really be mine. I took another step and nearly fell down the rest of the stairs. He was there at my side immediately to help me balance. His hands on my elbows as if he dared to not touch me any more than that. His face looked concerned, but his eyes were cheerful.
“Hi,” I said dumbly for I didn’t know what else to say.
He must have found this incredibly funny because he chuckled lightly and smiled, holding out his arm for me. “Hello,” He replied, his voice creamy. 
I took his arm and he walked me the rest of the way down the stairs. We both looked up and Irina came down, much more graceful than I and a vision of perfection. Dmitry appeared from out of nowhere and took her arm when she got to the bottom of the steps. He looked very pleased and she gave him a demure look.
The four of us walked to the golden ball room already filled with people and music from a string quartet. As we walked in a man next to the doors announced Dmitry and Irina and everyone applauded them. Irina beamed with pleasure; all of her hard work finally came to fruition. I was sure if this ball was a success she would easily gain the favor of the Czar again.
Then they announced David Waite and companion. We did not get applause as Irina and Dmitry received. We instead were received with surprised stares, I wasn’t sure what to expect, but this was not what I’d hoped. My stomach fluttered. I looked at David with concern. He gave my arm a slight squeeze with his hand and smiled as we walked into the room. He immediately took me to the dance floor.
“Is something wrong? They all seemed to not want me here,” I whispered as he whisked me about the floor, the people continuing to stare.
He smiled at me and shook his head with wonder. “Jane you are the most beautiful person any of these vampires have ever laid their eyes on. They are completely jealous of me, you know.”
I relaxed a little and smiled at him. “You look fantastic, too.” I thought about what he said and added, “Are all these people vampires?”
David laughed at my awed expression. “Yes, this ball is just for us. Peter arranged an annual gathering at his Winter Palace of all his officials in the Clan when he became Czar. That is where the ball is usually held, but—“
“He wanted to show off the grand ball room,” I smiled knowingly, I’d come to understand that the Czar liked a good show.
“Yes. But these are not all the vampires in Russia, just the heads of the provinces.” 
I looked at the medals on his chest, “What are all those for?” There were several.
David grimaced slightly, “I was requested to wear them. I got them while in service of the Czar for different things that I’d rather not go into this evening. He likes to show off all of his accomplishments and I happen to have assisted with several.”
We continued to dance the night away. I danced once with Dmitry and then a dark man with a thick black mustache also in military style clothes. He grinned at me wildly as if he had won a prize. 
“You are the girl of the French prophecy?” His voice was deep and he looked briefly at my scar.
I felt surprised that someone here would know about the prophecy, but David did say there were some sympathetic to us.
“No need to fear, my dear,” he must have noticed my reluctance. “I have no sympathy for Gabriel. I wish you luck in your endeavor and if there is anything you need, you have the support of the Russian coven.”
David watched him intently with an irritated stare while we finished the dance. As soon as the song was over, David was by my side.
The dark man bowed to me and kissed my hand. He then bowed to David. “My best wishes, she is a lovely girl, David, and it is nice to see she is keeping you out of trouble,” he winked quickly at David and walked away from us.
“Let’s go outside,” David suggested as we walked away from the dance floor.
He had one of the servants retrieve my heavy cloak, even though the cold night air didn’t bother our kind. It was mainly to keep up the ruse for the servants or any human that may have slipped into the party.  David helped me put it on.
We strolled out into the garden. The sound of the music and merrymaking faded as we walked on the moon lit our path gravel and snow crunching softly under our feet. In the distance, there was a howl of wolves. Inhaling deeply, I enjoyed the cold and fresh air invigorating compared to the warm oppressive ballroom.
David had his arm comfortably around my waste, and he led us to a sitting area with a large statue of a woman holding a vase displayed prominently with snow dressing its marble form.  We sat on the cold hard bench and he took my hands in his.
He cleared his throat, “as you know, I am very fond of you.”
I gave him a suspicious look, “yes?” I spoke carefully unsure what he was getting at, the word ‘fond’ rang through my head. My stomach knotted with fear that he was going to tell me he considered me a child and was no longer in love with me. 
“I’ve been in love with you since the moment I laid eyes on you. I want only to make you happy.” He adjusted nervously while I waited restlessly, “even though I’m an atrocious monster, you have forgiven me, and continue to bless me with your presence. I want to spend the rest of eternity with you.” 
He looked at me intently as if he had said something very profound and was waiting for my amazed reaction. I had not spoken to David about my talk with Petro and it had eventually faded into the back of my mind. As he said these words, I wondered if he had said them to Lily so long ago. Again, I felt foolish to feel such unjustifiable jealousy. Pushing the thought from my mind, I wondered what he was getting at and wished he would just say what he meant.
I smiled, “I want that too.”
He squeezed his eyes shut and inhaled. He opened his claret eyes and looked deeply into mine. So quickly that I hardly noticed the movement he removed one of his hands from mine, reached in his pocket and put something in my hand and closed my fingers around it.
 With it still closed, I slowly lifted my hand. Strangely, I felt my stomach tie in knots. I looked up at him confused. My mind flashed to a million things it could have been.
Tensely he murmured, “I’ve been a terrible monster, yet you have forgiven me time and again for my faults. I know I don’t disserve you, so if you say no to me I will understand completely.”
I opened my hand, and in the palm was a silver filigree ring with six diamonds circling a seventh. My hand began to tremble at what I thought this meant. I had never considered anything more than what we had now. The present was all I thought about, never the future. And it was now obvious he had been contemplating our future together.
I swallowed the large lump in my throat, “what?” was the only thing that would come out of my mouth.
“I would like you to spend all eternity with me… as my wife,” he finalized. It looked as if a giant weight had lifted from him as the words escaped his mouth.
I couldn’t speak. Staring dumbly at him, nothing I thought to say was good enough to come out of my throat. Finally, I just flung my arms around his neck, squeezing the ring gently in my hand. I wept tearlessly and began kissing his neck and face.
David laughed and took my face in his hands pulling me back just far enough to look at me, “that is a yes, then?”
Biting my lip, I nodded, still unable to speak, and he brought my face close to his and kissed me softly on the mouth. I closed my eyes and leaned into him. His kisses became more passionate and I had to gasp for air. Suddenly, he pulled away and squinted out into the trees behind me. I followed his gaze, my chest tightened with fear, but I saw nothing. I looked back at him quizzically. He continued to look around us as he put the ring gently on my finger, his eyes narrowed. 
“Come on,” he murmured, his voice deep and almost fearful. “Let’s get back to the party. We can tell Dmitry the good news.”
He put his arm protectively around my shoulder and we moved quickly back to the ballroom. I looked at his face a bit frightened by his sudden change. His face was solemn but alert as he continued to look around us as if something was going to jump out at us at any moment.
“Is it the trackers?” I asked, goose bumps forming on my arms.
“I don’t know, but whoever it is, I don’t think they are here for the party,” he whispered darkly.
The change was striking, when we entered the warm, bright and loud ballroom from the cold, dark and quite of the garden. David gazed around the room and quickly found Dmitry and Irina standing next to the dark man I dance with earlier.
“Stay with Irina for a moment,” David instructed as we walked toward the trio.
They were jovial as we approached, but as they saw our faces, full of fear and concern, the smiles melted away. Without pause, David grabbed Dmitry by the arm and they walked away. Irina immediately noticed the new piece of jewelry I wore. She clapped her hands together with joy.
“Oh, now this is just lovely,” she held up my hand turning it one direction and then the other to examine the ring closely.
Irina continued to talk about my ring and began making engagement plans. Not listening to her rambling, I stared at David and Dmitry’s hurried conversation. Dmitry at first looked extremely happy and shook David’s hand. Then as David continued talking, Dmitry looked over at me gravely, then back at David, nodding slowly.
I looked back at Irina. Staring intently at me, I realized she had asked me a question, but I didn’t hear what it was.
“Ummm,” I said noncommittally, and nodded smiling.
I gasped with horror, and my stomach jumped into my throat. As I had glanced over Irina’s shoulder, I thought I saw James weaving in and out of the crowd of guests. He was dressed in a white shirt with a Navy blue jacket and waist coat. His brown hair was pulled back into a low ponytail. He looked intently at me, malice in his ruby eyes, and as quickly as he appeared he disappeared.
Both Irina and the dark man looked in the direction I was staring at with confused looks on their faces, then back at me questioningly. David, who had been watching me protectively, was instantly at my side. Dmitry followed and was right beside him soon after.
“James,” I whispered timidly, unsure if what I saw was real.
“Irina, please, take Jane up to her room quickly,” David looked at her intently to emphasize the importance of this task, “and do not let anyone in but Dmitry or myself.”
David took my face in his hands and kissed me quickly then ran off followed by a concerned Dmitry. Irina took my arm and looked about the room. No one had noticed or possibly cared about what had conspired, except for the dark man who remained unconcerned but interested in our actions. 
“Excuse us, your highness,” Irina bowed slightly at him.
He bent at the waste and smiled at Irina, “It was a lovely party, Irina. You have done very well,” taking her hand he kissed it briefly. Then he looked at me thoughtfully, “A pleasure to meet you Jane. I hope to see you again.” He bowed at me and walked away.
Irina and I swiftly left the room and went to my dark quiet bedroom. She shut the heavy door as I looked around nervously into the darkness. She locked the door and turned to look at me, confusion and fear transparent on her face.
“James is here,” I murmured nervously and paced the room. “I’m sure I saw him in the ballroom.”
“David’s brother, James?” Irina gasped, looking around the room as if he was going to jump out at her.
“Yes,” I was a bit surprised she knew they were brothers. “He is the one that turned me into a vampire. He is crazy, and thinks he is in love with me,” I rattled on and gazed out the window to see if he could be lurking on the balcony.
I heard a loud bone crunching thunk and turned to see Irina’s head roll off of her neck and tumble onto the floor. As her bloody head rolled towards me, I could see her face had a look of surprise frozen on it. There was an axe imbedded into the wall behind where she stood. As her body collapsed to the ground, James stepped out of the shadows with bright red eyes and the smell of blood all over him. Too late, I realized the blood smell filled the room, but I must have been to frightened to realized it.
“I’m not crazy,” he said, although his face told another story, “I do love you.”
I tried to speed quickly for the door, but he caught me before I could get close to it. Quickly his vice like hands wrapped around my mouth and waist in the same fashion that he had held me while stealing me away from Andover. 
Inhaling deeply, he whispered in my ear, “I’ve missed you, my lovely.”
He carried me to one of the doors to the balcony and kicked at the frame. The door bounced open, a couple of the glass panes shattering and tinkling like diamonds to the floor. James walked to the edge of the balcony and jumped off the rail holding me. Deftly, he landed on the balls of his feet. 
With me still wrapped tightly in his arms he ran out into the garden. I struggled but couldn’t break away. He leapt over the garden wall dividing the palace grounds from the rest of St. Petersburg, then slung me over one shoulder, and ran through the narrow streets of the city.
Looking back at the wall, the palace was barely visible now. There was no use screaming; if any one did hear me it would be a mortal. I would only put their lives in danger. I would just have to wait, and hopefully he would let his guard down as he had before. Hopping David would be able to find me, I reached out wherever I could to touch a wall or tree; anything to put my scent on so David would be able to track us.
“You’ve been a very naughty girl,” James scolded as we rushed through the dark streets.
“James, please, you’re making a mistake. You need to put me down,” I pleaded. “I won’t run, we can talk. I promise.”
“You are, as before, a liar to the end, Elizabeth,” his voice was cold.
“What are you talking about?” I became frantic. 
He thought I was Elizabeth. He must have seen David and me in the garden and recalled the horrible deceptive event that caused James to be turned into a vampire and kill Elizabeth, his mother, and father, and finally turning his own brother into a vampire for his false betrayal.
He didn’t answer, and we moved on in silence each alone in our thoughts. I began to flip through the stories David had told me about James. I needed to prepare for talking or fighting my way out, whichever would keep me alive.
Chapter 16 – Rock and a Hard Place

James brought me to a partially built building. It was made of heavy wooden timbers and had several spires in different stages of completeness. The cold air had warmed slightly, and fog was rolling off of the snow, swirling through the street.
When we went into the entrance, James set me down hard on my ass. Crouching next to me, he gazed into my eyes like he was trying to read my mind. I sat frozen, my whole body trembling with fear. I knew he should be angry; after all, I’d tried to kill him. ‘Eye for an eye’.
“I-I’m sorry, James,” my voice was small and wavering.
“Why did you run from me, Elizabeth?” James’ eyes narrowed a confused mesh of hatred and adoration in his face.
“I’m not Elizabeth, I’m Jane,” I exclaimed as anger flickered deep in my chest. I tried to choke it back; I needed a level head if I was going to get out of this.
“Enough of your lies!” He screamed and he came at me with hands outstretched like talons.
Hoping to catch him off guard, I immediately attacked.  He dodged me, and then gave me a swift kick in the stomach. Pain ricochet throughout my body as I flew back. I fell into rows of wooden pews with a grunt and they smashed like toothpicks. Looking around quickly, I realized with irony that I was inside a church under construction.
I tried to stand and realized my shoulder was stuck at an odd angle and filled with burning pain. Using my other hand and strength, I popped the bone back into its socket with a loud crack. As the pain radiated through my body, I screamed. My voice still echoing all around me, my vampire body started healing.
“My dear, you have been very naughty,” James scolded again. His voice rang through the cavernous room and I could hear the clicking of his boots on the stone floor.
I had spared with David several times, but he didn’t fight me as hard as he could and I knew I was no match for James and his wrath. Not giving up, I knew I needed to try. Quickly, I stood back up and got into a fighting stance, my hands trembling with fear. As he circled me, he laughed loudly; it echoed through the room making it sound like a hundred vampires. 
“I see David has been working his charm on you,” He taunted. “How typical of him, he was always trying to steal what I have rightfully won.”
“What are you talking about?” I demanded following him as he circled me in an almost casual fashion. Moving my shoulder, I realized I had full use of it again, but I wondered if it would be enough for me to escape.
“He didn’t tell you? I’m not surprised. David always tried to be better than me: Smarter, faster, and on and on.” James waved his hand in the air. “Then I found you. You loved me once. I don’t know what he said to you to steal you away from me, but I promise you it is all a lie. You cannot marry him!” James’ anger grew. “He just wants you because I love you. He doesn’t even know what love is. Did you know he killed our mother and father?” 
I sucked in a sharp breath. James was lying; I just knew David would have told me. “No you are lying. He said you killed them and Elizabeth.” 
James smiled. “Did he tell you that? My, he does twist the truth. Such shame and humiliation he had felt for their deaths. I’m not surprised he put the blame on me.”
James came at me so quickly and stopped an inch from my face. As he spoke I could feel the words flow over me, “you’d like to think that, wouldn’t you? Perfect David, in his perfect world,” he whispered, “unable to harm anyone, especially those he loved most.”
He brushed my forehead with the back of his hand and examined my face. “My dear, Elizabeth. My love, I would never do anything to hurt you,” his voice was caressing and his expression full of love, “unlike the liar.”
Flinching away from his touch, I prayed for David. I needed him; I needed to know that he told me the truth. I feared that he had been lying to me and it pained me to feel this doubt.
Briefly he glared at me. Then his face suddenly became soft and full of sorrow, “you needed to be taught a lesson. I only did what I did out of love.” 
“So you killed them, your family,” I repeated, hoping he would acknowledge the act. I tried to assure myself that David would never hurt those he loved, no matter what.
He smiled at me and laughed darkly, “no, oh no. I took David, faultless David, and changed him. I starved him. I let the hunger take him over till he was nothing more than a beast. He begged me to release him, and when he couldn’t stand it any longer, I brought him back home to the horror of our family. He killed them, not I. It was his weakness, not mine.”
As James laughed manically, I pictured David, starved and out of his mind, eyes black as ebony and hunger for blood clouding his mind. The beast he tried so hard to hide visible on his face, attacking his family. Horror ripped across my face, and James chuckled at my realization.  My stomach lurched and I bent over spilling the blood of my meal the night before across the wooden floorboards. 
“My love,” James spoke sweetly to me,” did you think he was a saint that he never took an innocent’s life? He wanted you, because you were meant for me, my dear Elizabeth, my most true love. He always wanted what I had. Following me around like a puppy, constantly trying to get the attention of our father. It was rather annoying. But when he tried to take what was mine, well, he needed to be shown who truly was the better man.”
Tenderly, he took a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped the vomited blood away from my mouth. His face so close to me I could smell his honey breath. Heat began to tingle in my skin, anger forcing its way to the surface.
“I…am…not… Elizabeth!” Screaming, I let the monster in me loose and quickly jabbed him in the nose with the palm of my hand.
I heard a sickening crunch as I crushed his nose. James fell back several meters with a muffled grunt. He crashed into a wooden alter which splintered under the force.
 Standing up slowly, I looked cautiously at him, “She loved you up until she died. David was a brother to her. He was fixing you a house so when you were married you would be close by. He has always loved you, even after what you forced him to do! He came to Andover to save you, not me!” I screamed at him the anger flowed through me in waves.
James stared at me in surprise as if he’d finally woken from a nightmare. Dark blood trickled down his face from his crushed nose. I’d hoped that he would realize his mistake. He shook his head slowly, unbelieving what I told him. He continued to sit there in numb disbelief.
 I ran for the entrance of the door and out into the fog filled night. I tried to follow my smell back to the Palace, but I crossed another scent that was very familiar. It was the scent of the trackers and my dead heart dropped into my stomach. Looking around quickly, as fear replaced the anger, I ran off in another unknown direction. I became completely lost in the hazy maze of cobblestone roads. Somewhere along the way, I’d lost my shoes and ran bare foot across the icy streets.
I found myself fleeing out of the city and into the surrounding forest. I was surrounded by black pine trees. Snow and frozen pine needles crunched under my bare feet, but I hardly noticed them. I felt this was familiar in some way. Something pulled at my memory from so long ago, but I couldn’t place it in my panic. 
I ran until I could no longer smell the city. I listened for any sound of a pursuit or aroma of a vampire. There was nothing but silence and the odor of cold snowy air and pine. I sat under a large tree and wrapped myself in my cloak. I needed to get my bearings, and figure out what to do next. 
I debated if I should return to the palace or if I should head away from town. If I went back into town, I would be an easy target for James and the trackers, unless I could get back to the protection of the Palace and my friends. I didn’t know where else to go. I could travel on my own for a while, and hope David could find me. That would leave me open and alone and it was more likely that the trackers would find me before David.
I didn’t have to make the decision however for the sweet smell of the trackers filled my nose. I quickly stood, but not fast enough, I was slammed into the tree behind me and I heard a crack come from its center, or maybe mine. Pain flared through my skull and back, I winced and gasped in agony. Lighting flashed in my vision and I tried to blink it away.
Finally my vision returned and the site sent chills through my body. One of the trackers had my neck in his talon-like hand, his arm stretched out from his body. His hair was pulled back into a pony tail at the back of his head emphasizing his heart shaped face. His mirror image was standing just behind and to the right of him. They were both expressionless except for the blazing of their bright red eyes.
“I told you, Fabian. She would be stupid enough to leave the city,” The one closest to me said, his thin lips twisting into a snarl.
“My brother, Faust, thought for sure you would lead us back to the traitors,” Fabian tilted his head. “I was sure that you would not risk allowing them to be harmed.”
“Yes, you were correct,” Faust commented despondently, rolling his eyes at me as if I was his confidant.
They smiled at each other with an evil curl in their lips that terrified me. ‘Act, Jane,’ I whispered to myself.
In one smooth motion, I grabbed Faust’s arm with my hands and using it as leverage I swung my legs up and using all the force I could manage kicked him with both legs into his chest. He flew into his brother, slamming into a tree and splitting it in half. Rapidly they regained their balance and circled me crouching cat like and growling softly, their joviality gone, replaced by rage.
I needed to end this quickly. If David were to come, I feared he would be tortured and eventually killed. There are worse things than my death, I knew I couldn’t bear to have David hurt and killed, like my father. I definitely couldn’t let him find us here.
 “You’ve got me,” I held up my hands in surrender. “Take me to Gabriel. I won’t fight you.”
They looked at each other quizzically. Each had a slight wave of disappointment shadow their faces. Then they turned to me, wild grins stretched across their faces.
“We will take you… in time. You see, Gabriel decided that the traitors needed to be dealt with as well and we will wait for them,” Fabian laughed.
“I don’t understand, I thought he only wanted me?” I frowned as panic welled up in my chest.
Faust circled around me and closed in from behind. “We can’t have members of the coven disobeying orders. James was very blatant, changing you to save you. He truly loves you,” he chuckled darkly. “We can’t have dissension among the ranks you see. One breaks the rules, everyone believes they can think for themselves and then you have anarchy.”
“David on the other hand fooled Gabriel. All along he just wanted the respect of his brother, and his brother detested him. When James turned David and forced him to kill his own family and James’ woman, it’s quite funny really.” Fabian shook his head and laughed. 
“It’s a shame David left us. He was an excellent soldier. I guess he let his human qualities get the better of him,” Faust had a look of distain. “Imagine, trying to help his brother, even after all that happened between them. I remember he left right after that last mission to Spain. There were two of his comrades killed that time and he blamed James. I’d always hoped they would fight to the death.” Faust spoke with disappointed enthusiasm.
“So you see, we really can’t let them just go free. Not after what they have done to their sovereign,” Fabian shook his head glumly.
Fabian smiled and began to rip branches off a tree that had fallen to the ground. He started to pile them in front of where I stood. He seemed to take great pleasure in breaking the branches with his hands and stacking them.
“Honestly, we weren’t at all surprised that David was with you at Charles Towne. He was always there to rescue James and James was never a match for us,” Faust stood close behind me now.
“Gabriel gave us orders to bring you back, but James and David, we can kill.” There was excitement in his voice and expression; he was going to enjoy torturing and killing David and James.
Fabian lit the dried needles in the branches he had gathered and the flames quickly licked up bark. Shadows flicked across his face menacingly and excitement for the kill built up inside him, so much that I could almost smell it on him. It was disgusting and frightening.
The fire grew as Fabian added more branches, the orange and gold flickering into the dark sky. It finally clicked what he was doing. David’s words rang through my head: ‘but if we are burned to ash, we will not survive.’ They were preparing a pyre for David and James with me as bait, hoping they would come to rescue me. I couldn’t allow that to happen. I couldn’t bear it if they were destroyed because I was stupid.
I let myself become hyperaware of my surroundings. Both men wore swords on their hips. The location of all the trees and the fire, I mapped in my mind. My muscles twitched in anticipation on what I was planning. I hoped that it didn’t give me away. I knew I needed to be quick and careful.
Faust flicked his eyes just slightly to the right and that’s when I took my moment. I quickly dropped and spun to sweep Faust’s legs out from under him. I grabbed the sword from its scabbard a flat blade slightly curved at the tip. His eyes looked surprised, I could tell he hadn’t anticipated me attacking, but assumed I would just give up. That would be a big mistake as the beast in me giggled with glee.
The sword was awkward in my hands. ‘Damn it, David why didn’t you train me with these things,’ I thought.
Fabian moved quickly toward me, his sword flashing in the firelight alerting me to his movement. I spun and slashed out with my weapon. Fabian quickly blocked and countered, cutting deeply into my leg. Briefly warm blood and hot pain gushed out and onto my torn dress and cloak.
In one smooth movement, I ripped the clasp on the cloak as Faust attempted to seized me from behind. I threw the cloak like a bullfighter at Fabian, tangling him in it. I spun swinging the sword around and cutting Faust’s arm deeply, it hung limply, but I knew it would repair quickly.
‘Well, this was really well thought out,’ I said to myself questioning if I was doing the right thing.
Fabian ripped through the cloak in one swift movement and was free as the black fabric fell in shreds to the trampled snow. Feral, he came at me quickly and I was forced back by his rapid attacks. I blocked them, but he was able to get a few more slices into my arm and sides. He paused with a big grin on his face looking at my bloody torn dress.
“You are very good, a natural. Too bad we couldn’t keep you. With proper training, you could be better than even David,” Fabian praised through gritted teeth.
“Thanks for the complement,” David’s voice smooth, but with a hint of concern came from right behind him.
Faust, Fabian and I all turned and saw David, like a knight without the armor, standing between us and the fire. Next to him was Dmitry with furry ragging across his face. On the other side of David, James stood with strands of brown hair hanging in his livid face, dried blood smeared across it. The fire behind them made them look like demons crawling out of Hell. The sight sent chills down my arms and legs.
While Fabian had his back turned I took my advantage. With a growl, I slashed double-handed with the sword hacking at an angle. He ducked just in time that I only hit his shoulder, but it struck him with such force that one arm flew off, blood splattering on the snow. In an instant, Faust was there picking up his brothers sword and attacked me with a ferocity I have never before witnessed.
His attacks pushed me backward and I fell back against a tree. In a rapid smooth motion, he skewered me to the tree right where my unbeating heart lay. Surprisingly it didn’t hurt just an oddly numb ache. I dropped my sword and grabbed at the one in my chest as warmth spilled down my chest and stomach. Blood entered my lungs and bubbled through my mouth as I tried to speak. 
Fabian quickly grabbed the sword I dropped as I heard the three behind him all scream out simultaneously. Fabian swung at my neck but was blocked by David the jeweled sword in his hands. His face was fierce and he let out a formidable snarl that echoed through the trees. David elbowed Fabian in the face and they both stumbled back towards the fire and away from me.
 James joined in the fight, although it seemed he attacked both David and Fabian. Some where a one armed Faust had happened upon another sword and he also joined in the melee. Flashes of the swords danced in the darkness. The four devils danced a deadly ballet around the fire. 
“Dmitry! Please help her,” I heard David pleading. His voice was high pitched and panicked.
I felt oddly calm. The sword thrust through me wouldn’t allow my body to heal so the warm blood continued to pour from my chest and down my stomach and legs. Briefly I wondered if this was how they bled the vampire David had told me was sealed up in some castle in France. 
I was light headed and had difficulty keeping my eyes open. Opening them briefly I saw the worried face of Dmitry heaving the sword from out of my body. I had no strength and collapsed onto the cold snow and blood covered ground. 
“Hang on, sestrinka,” Dmitry’s voice sounded like he was in a tunnel, so far away.
I felt his warm hands gather me in his arms. I wanted to talk to Dmitry, to ask him if David was alright, nothing but warm liquid would come out.  I tried to open my eyes, but they were heavy. I let them close. For the first time in a long time, I felt like sleeping.
“Cold,” I gurgled, as Dmitry wrapped me in his jacket and leaned my head against his shoulder.
I heard a scream and I reached up frailly and with one arm, “David?” I gasped softly as the heavy arm fell back against my chest.
Then I felt the rush of wind. We were moving quickly. I tried to speak to tell Dmitry to take me back to David. That I needed to be there with him, but the words were stuck in the back of my blood filled throat. Darkness closed in on me and I slept.
Chapter 17 – Regrets

I feared that death had taken me or I was in a horrible nightmare. I was standing in the dark forest. Shadowy figures loomed just beyond the trees, watching. There was a large fire close to me, so hot that my skin bubbled and curled in the heat. Searing pain coursed through every nerve of my body, but I couldn’t move.
A figure came at me from the trees, a slender man with thinning grey hair in a wrinkled black suit. It was my father. He smiled and held his arms out to me. He wanted me to come to him, out of the burning fire and into the cool forest. I picked up one of my feet to go to him, the skin peeling painfully off the bottom.
“Jane,” Someone called from behind me, the soft recognizable voice of David. 
“Stay with me,” I heard sorrow in David’s voice. It sounded so far away.
My father beckoned me to come with him into the cool forest. His smiling face seemed so happy to see me again. I missed him. I wanted to go to him and hold him. I needed to tell him how sorry I was about what had happened. 
“Please, stay with me,” David repeated, closer now.
I felt drawn to the heat behind me. A vision of David floated in my mind, his perfect hair, his rippling muscles and his godlike face all there before me. His eyes looked so sad and full of regret. Tears filled my eyes and sizzled as they ran down my blistering cheeks. 
I looked at my father again. His face was a mirror of my grief. He knew my answer even before I knew and he was mourning for me.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered through the raging fire and turned and walked into the flames towards the figure shrouded in the glow.
*****
My body felt heavy, and I was suspended in something soft and silky. I felt a warm hand in mine. I inhaled and I could smell the sweet scent of David close by. Slowly, I opened my eyes. His face filled my vision. He was smiling, but he looked worn, his pearly skin slightly ashen.
“Are you alright?” I sighed and smiled sleepily at him.
He laughed and it startled me because it sounded so loud, “yes, I’m ok.”
He propped me up with some pillows. I was lying in the beautiful bed, I’d never used before in my room at the palace. Dmitry and Irina got up from the couch and came to stand on the other side of the bed. They were holding hands, relieved looks on their faces.
“You gave us quite a scare, sestrinka,” Dmitry patted my arm.
Irina sat next to me on the bed and hugged my gently as if I was made of glass.
“How are you?” I asked her, remembering the last time I saw her, her head was separated from her body.
She smiled softly and nodded carefully.
Dmitry spoke for her, “Her neck still is healing. She will be able to speak in time.”
I looked at David a flutter in my stomach, “James and the twins?”
David’s face looked pained. “The twins are dead. James is… gone, he left after he was sure that the twins were destroyed.”
He poured dark red thick liquid into a crystal goblet. I knew by the smell it was blood. I couldn’t tell what animal it came from. It had a familiar honey bouquet, but it was nothing I recognized. He handed it to me and I ravenously gulped it down. He poured more and I drank this more slowly.
My mind briefly flickered with memories that did not belong to me. An unfamiliar house, a mill, smiling faces I didn’t know flipped through my memories like a picture book. Confused, I squeezed my eyes shut for a moment and shook my head.
“Where did this come from?” I asked between drinks. “It isn’t familiar to me.”
David looked at Irina and Dmitry, his eyes mostly black now. “It’s from me. We tried to force animal blood and even a willing human. One of the servants offered,” he added carefully to avoid my anger at feeding on human blood, “but nothing was reviving you. I was worried and so I cut myself and gave you the blood from my body. It seems to have stimulated you.”
I looked at the dark blood in the cup, his blood. I could hear the worry in his voice. I could understand his desperation as I would have done the same for him.
“When you get your strength up we can go out hunting,” David spoke slowly as he refilled my glass. “You were really something out there.”
“Now, will you teach me more weapons than just a stick?” I giggled weakly.
He tilted his head and raised an eyebrow, “I’m a bit frightened of that.”
I shoved him and he fell off the edge of the bed and hit the floor with a thud.
“Well, I think, my dear that is our clue to leave,” Irina whispered in a rough voice, as though she had a sore throat, and kissed my cheek.
Dmitry kissed my cheek as well. As David got up off the floor and stood warily next to the bed. Dmitry and Irina walked out of the room and shut the door softly behind them. I emptied my glass and David took it and set it on the table next to the bed.
Memories again filled my brain. There was a man standing in front of me, a flash of light from the revolver in his hand then a brief pain in my chest. I gasped and grabbed my chest where I was pierced with the sword.
David put his hands on my shoulders, “Jane?”
I smiled cautiously, “I’m alright.”
David sat carefully on the edge of the bed. Worry caused his eyebrows to knit together, “Jane, I know that James told you what I did.”
“David, you don’t have to—“
“Yes, I do,” he interrupted, “I was afraid if you knew what really happened to my family, you would have left me. I can’t stand to lose you. You are precious to me. So I bent the truth.” He swallowed hard, “I killed my parents and Elizabeth. I hunted them and killed them.”
As if unable to face my anger or hatred, he turned his back to me. I felt neither for him and reached out to take his warm hands in mine. Wanting only to console, I leaned toward him.
Pulling away he stood up, still not looking at me he continued his confession. “After I came to my senses I swore to kill James, but… I just couldn’t… I… I buried my heart, in a way. I promised myself that I would never love another again. Love, just… hurt too much. I became the monster, killing without feeling. I cared nothing for anyone or anything. Dmitry and the Dakhanavar, I would have cared less if they lived or died.”
Pinching the bridge of his nose with a thumb and finger, he looked as though he had a headache. My chest ached for his agony. I knew that this was David, through all of the horror and pain and fear this was what was left. He was terrified to care for another, to feel again to him meant pain, yet he had confessed his love to me.
“When I found out that James was going to die unless I did something, I went to find him. Honestly, I don’t know if I meant to kill him or save him. When I found him, my hatred flamed and I think I could have killed him, but then I saw you...” He turned toward me his black eyes reflecting the pain of his honesty, “I wasn’t lying about falling in love with you…” He looked down at the floor embarrassed, “I didn’t want to, but I did. So, you see, you are the most important thing in my life, my heart. I can’t lose you.”
Looking at me, there was concern on his face. I think he believed I would hate him, chase him away. That was something I couldn’t do. In his mind, I was his redeemer, his soul. In my mind he was my salvation and my love and I would never do anything to harm him. I motioned him to me and he reluctantly sat next to me on the bed.
Wrapping my still frail arms around him, I whispered, “You are the bravest, most wonderful man I’ve ever known. Don’t fear love, it’s a gift from God. It reminds us that we still have a chance to regain our souls. I will love you, forgive you for all eternity.”
He slowly pulled away from my hold to look at me. The compassion of my exoneration grew on his face. Putting my hands on his checks, I pulled him close to me again, showering him with kisses. Laughing he kissed me back. I grew tired and he leaned me back against the silky pillows to rest and adjusted himself so that he was sitting next to me cradling my tired body. 
I closed my eyes for a moment and when I opened them again, another goblet of blood was held out in front of me. David had given me more of his blood. Taking the cup, I drank and waited for more of the foreign memories to surface. 
I noticed the curtains were closed as I slowly lifted my heavy body off of the bed. David hovered over me to keep me from falling. As I walked to the windows, he put his arm around my waist for support. I flung open the curtains and light streamed in through the windows. I blinked in the bright light. The panes of glass James broke were repaired, the putty still damp.
On the balcony, James stood. His back to us, he was gazing out over the frozen garden. His long brown hair, the same color as David’s, hung smooth and loose down his back. He wore a brown French style coat and dark brown pants with knee-high leather boots. His hands were clasped behind his back holding a wide-brim hat with one side bent up and a large white feather sticking out of it.
I quickly inhaled sharply in surprise as David gripped me tighter around my waist pulling me away from the glass doors. James whipped around and held his free hand out in front of him. Fear and grief showed through his scarlet red eyes. I noticed the dark color and put my hand on David’s chest to stop him. David looked at me apprehensively.
“Wait. I need to talk to him. It will be alright, he’s different, somehow,” I spoke slowly and softly.
Reluctantly David let me go as I moved to the door, but he stayed close beside me. I opened the gold handles and swung the doors open. The cold air wrapped around me and I realized I was in a light pink empire waist ankle length nightgown. I walked to James and a smile grew cautiously across his face his eyebrows slightly raised in uncertainty. 
“You have been feeding on animals?” I asked, wondering if he was trying to change.
He reached up and rubbed his eye with one hand. “I thought I’d give it a try. Wolves are actually quite fun to catch.”
“What are you doing here?” David snarled, glaring at his brother.
“David,” I asked calmly, “would you give James and me a minute?” I knew James wouldn’t be able to talk to me with David looming over him and I was sure he really needed to speak to me, to make a clean breast.
Looking quickly at me with pain on his face, David stepped between James and me and with a pointing finger got right into James’ face and whispered menacingly, “if you dare to hurt her in any way, I will kill you.”
He then spun giving me a look of warning as he brushed his hand softly against mine, “You’ve got five minutes.” He walked to the doors and remained there watching carefully.
James looked behind me where David stood warily by the open door. “I’m sorry I had put you through all of that with the trackers. It was my fault they found you. They had been following me from the Americas. When I saw David ask you to marry him, I guess I just got lost in my anger and jealousy.”
He brushed my hair away from my face. I heard a low growl from behind me and James looked back at David again. His smile turned bittersweet.
Touching his arm gently, I whispered, “David didn’t steal Elizabeth. You understand that, don’t you? He loves you, even after all that has happened. He is still your brother, and your Elizabeth was always faithful to you.”
Pain filled his eyes and he leaned against the railing. “I think for a long time that I knew that was the truth. I just couldn’t face what I had done in my anger.”
“I’ve been told that the anger is the hardest emotion to control.” I smiled and took his hand. “We can help you. You can stay with us. We can be a family.”
James looked into my eyes, “I can’t believe you and David could so readily forgive me when I can’t forgive myself.”
“’The quality of mercy is not strained. It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath.’ I will forgive you as God will forgive us all and David will, give him time.”
“Merchant of Venice…It’s a wonderful play.” He spoke thoughtfully and paused looking out onto the glistening snow below. “I think I need some time to consider about what I’ve become and what I need to be,” he sighed. 
My throat squeezed shut. There was transformation in him, hope flowed through me. I looked back at David, whose wounded eyes never left James. 
Turning back to James I smiled, “You always have a home with us, where ever you go, when you need us, we will be there. Remember that as you try to find yourself.”
He sighed sadly, “I’ll remember. Thank you, Jane. You are so very special, prophecy or not.” His face was serious and honest, “I would die for you, if you asked me to.” He brushed my face with the back of his hand.
“I know,” I whispered, trying to ignore the tightness in my chest, “and I would never ask you to.”
Smiling, he briefly touched my cheek with his hands and gazed at my face as if memorizing every detail. Then leaping off the balcony, he rushed off through the garden leaving tracks through the soft waves of snow. I watched as he disappeared in the trees. David approached and put his arm around me. We stood there for a while, watching for James.
“Where do you think he’ll go?” I asked, worried.
“There is no way of knowing with James.” David put his face against my head, “perhaps Italy, he always liked it there.”
I turned to David and wrapped my arms around his waist. He pulled me into him. I felt safe and warm. He reached down with one hand and pulled my chin up towards him and gently brushed his lips against mine. My stomach growled and we both looked down at it as if it were a spoiled child and laughed. 
“I guess I should take you hunting,” David gave me his crooked grin. “Then we can talk about a spring wedding and honeymoon in China?”
I smiled, “there will be a lot of work to do. Irina will love it.”
“Yes, but Pyotr will be quite upset.”
“Who?” I frowned, confused.
“Pyotr Romanov, the Czar? You danced with him at the ball,” David smirked, his black eyes reflecting the bright snow.
Shock ran across my face at the realization and David laughed at me. “He was quite smitten with you. I’m sure he would be very upset if we didn’t invite him, though. He probably would love the chance to kiss the bride,” he teased.
I punched him weakly in the arm and we returned to my room. David waited while I dressed in some breaches and heavy shirt. We went down stairs to go out to the garden and the forest beyond. Dmitry and Irina where waiting for us in the foyer. Irina in a white and blue riding habit looked as if she were going on a fox hunt in the British countryside. Dmitry was in a white shirt with black trousers and waist coat and coat.
“Are you coming?” I asked a little befuddled. Dmitry went with us hunting a couple times, but Irina never went with us. 
“Of course,” Dmitry said, holding his arms out widely. “We have decided to make a change in our diet. You are oddly persuasive, sestrinka.”
“We’d better get going,” Irina added. “Jane is probably starving, and we do have a lot of planning to do. We can use the chapel here in the palace for the wedding. Of course it will take a lot of work to get it finished before spring.”
They walked out into the garden continuing to make plans. I could hear an argument begin on what to serve and flowers and colors. The bright sun made Irina and Dmitry’s pale skin glisten like the snow. 
David took my hand in his and pulled me to him. “You know you don’t have to marry me. I mean, I am a horrible monster. Look what I did to my brother, my family.” He looked strangely unsure of himself.
A vision of terrified people screaming as I lunged at them with burning hunger filled my vision. “What happened to your family was a horrible thing. It’s something that will always be with you,” I looked down to the floor, perhaps with me as well. “I can understand your hurt and it will take a long time to forgive James and what he did to you, but you will. I definitely want to be there when you two finally forgive each other. I’m not afraid of what you were and have never wanted anything more than to be with you forever.”
He put his hands on both sides of my face. Joy filled his eyes as he grinned at me. He leaned in toward me and I closed my eyes. Slowly, as if savoring, he put his lips on mine. I wrapped my hands around his back and he kissed me up and down my throat, sending shivers down my arms.
It seemed such a long time ago that I lived in a world where I was trapped to be someone I never wanted to be. Now I had all eternity to be someone I knew I could be. This cursed life had its advantages. I knew I needed to remember where I came from and how I got here. There was so much more danger ahead. Gabriel wouldn’t give up and someday I would have to face him, but for now I reveled in my happy existence.
Epilogue

The horse flew through the early morning country-side with the cloaked rider urging it on, down through the streets of the sleepy city. The horse panted as sweat covered its body. Wispy clouds, like feathers, floated through the pink and grey sky. The only noise was the clapping of the horse’s hooves on the cobblestone street echoing off the one and two story buildings. The wide-eyed horse ran as though the devil himself was sitting on it. They flew to the huge stone castle. It had two round towers on either side of the heavy black metal and dark wood gate. As the rider approached, the gates were swung open and without pause he rushed through. 
In the courtyard, he gracefully swung one leg off and jumped from the still galloping horse. Racing up the steps to the ornately carved double doors, he flung open both doors with a loud bang as they hit the inside walls and marched into the entryway. His footfalls echoed across the white marble floors and the high curved ceiling. As he climbed up the large grand staircase, he briefly looked at the lone ebony sarcophagus standing upright at one end of the second floor hall. 
His stomach gripped with fear, that he would soon be the matching bookend of that coffin with the news he brought. But the safety of the coven was at stake and this was something he couldn’t allow to happen. To have the destruction of his master would mean there would be no one to enforce the rules of the coven. If this happened most vampires in France would go on rampages through villages and cities. There would be death and burning and eventually, the Spanish Coven, the Vigo, would come and destroy them all and take control of the French.
The man threw back the hood of his dark cloak. He had blonde hair tied back in a low ponytail, thick curls winding around one another like snakes. His creamy skin was tight around his long face and angular features and his ruby red eyes held no expression, or so he hoped.  His small mouth was narrow and bright pink. 
He looked down the other end of the long yellow carpeted corridor apprehensively. In the hall, on both sides of a wooden door, stood two men in French ruffled shirts and jackets. They had white powdered wigs and had powdered faces. The blonde man could hear their heartbeats and smell the blood rushing through their bodies. Respectfully, they bowed low as the man approached them and one opened the door. He paused, as his thirst overcame him briefly wanting only to sink his teeth into one of the men. Knowing the wraith he would receive for such impudence, he resisted the urge.
He walked into the room and immediately knelt down on one knee and looked at the polished dark wood floor. The room was lined with mahogany bookshelves. The single wall of windows was covered in heavy dark drapes except for one slit letting in a single ray of light. The light fell on a large dark wooden desk and black leather chair, the back facing the kneeling man. The chair squeaked slightly, as a figure that sat in the high back chair rose and turned to look at the blonde man.
The figure was mountainous, “what news do you bring me, Claude?” A deep lyrical voice questioned from the desk.
Claude rose from the floor, his head still bowed slightly, “Faust and Fabien are dead.” He whispered and waited for the fury that was sure to follow. 
There came none just brief silence, followed by a single question, “And the girl?”
Trembling slightly, Claude twitched involuntarily, inhaled, and spoke clearly, “No, sir, she survived.”
A ferocious growl rose from the man and he grabbed the heavy wooden desk and sent it thundering across the room. Claude ducked to avoid it smashing him back against the wall. It shattered along with the bookshelf it smashed against; spilling the leather bound volumes and splinters across the floor. So fast, even Claude barely saw it; the enormous man stood towering over him as he quivered on the floor. Claude could almost taste the fury from the huge bulk of a man as ham-sized hands gripped his shirt lifting him off the ground.
“As long as she is alive, my fate is sealed!” He screamed, breathing heavily with rage into Claude’s face.
“Oui, my lord,” Claude cowed but tried not to squirm. “I-I’ll send out other trackers. James has left her and gone to Romania. We—“
“James is alone?” The man’s voice calmed suddenly and he let go of Claude dropping him to the floor.
Landing gingerly on his feet, Claude looked up to look into the face of the beast with scorching red eyes burning into Claude’s. Claude turned his head back to the floor, fear gripped his belly.
“Y-yes, sir, we have a tracker following him now. He has gone to Romania.” Claude prayed to be dismissed.
The hulk swiftly turned and walked back to the window moving the curtain just enough to peak out, “Well, we still have a way to bring her here then. Bring James to me,” his voice smooth and gentle again.
“If I may sir, she won’t come for him. She tried to kill him in the Americas. She has no love for the man.” Claude was confused, he knew that there would be no way he would help one he loathed.
“Oh, I think you are very wrong.” Glancing at the leather chair, the deep voice seemed very pleased as if he had found the perfect move in a game of chess.
“That is her nature,” A girl’s voice whispered from behind the man, somewhere in a shadowy corner. “She will come.”
Claude flinched at the sound of the girl’s melodious voice. Chest tightening with fear, he had hoped she wouldn’t be here, prayed that she would be away, toying with her abominations. She walked around the darkly shadowed man and approached Claude. She was a young girl of 8 or 9. She had long flowing blond hair and a beautiful child’s gown of gold and black lace. She had the face of a child, but behind the mask was age and knowledge that a child should not know.
“Claude,” She whispered and circled him. “You need to bring James here. It will make us happy. And you want Gabriel and me to be happy?”
She smiled a sweet child’s smile and stroked Claude’s face with her hand as though he were her favorite doll. He tried in vain to not flinch in disgust, but she saw the slight recoil and her face suddenly became angry and hard. Her right eye twitched slightly as she reached back to slap him across the face.
As he flinched, he heard Gabriel sigh, “That is enough.”
She put her hand down, but continued to glare with burning red eyes into Claude’s. “Just do what you are told,” she growled. 
The snarl sounded so odd coming from her small voice, like a kitten trying to be a lion. Claude knew that she was no kitten. Underneath her innocent façade, lay a monster more dreadful than any he had known.
“Oui, my lady,” Claude’s voice trembled. He slowly backed out of the room with a bow, “I’ll send trackers for him right away,” anything to remove himself from her presence. 
She followed him to the door and he continued to back away down the hall looking at the plush yellow carpet, praying she wouldn’t follow him. Then as soon as he could he turned to move quickly away from the frightening child.
He heard her sickly-sweet voice, “you two, come here. I need you to help clean up this mess.”
Claude heard the door close behind her with a soft click. As Claude flew down the steps, the screams of the two men filled the hall. Gabriel only had the coven in mind; he had given them power and protection for over one-hundred years. To Claude this prophecy girl was going to ruin all the coven had worked to gain. He followed Gabriel completely, but the small girl had frightened him since she came here so many years ago. She knew things and acted with full malice, destroying those against her before they were even aware. And then there were the abominations, she created them; playing God she tried to control the universe, to master creation. Many vampires disappeared in her service.
There was only one word that Claude was terrified of most, the nightmare of his sleepless life: Constance.

###

Other books: Prophecy Blossoms, Prophecy Crumbles (coming soon)

Thank you for reading Prophecy Awakens. If you enjoyed this story, tell your friends. To listen to the podcast, learn more about this and other stories go to www.brendawamsley.net.
Follow me on twitter: www.twitter.com/brendawamsley
