PROTOCELL 3

Dormancy



ALSO BY JESSICA KUZMIER


Citizen Alpha J-45

One Hundred And Sixty Eight Days After

Mile Marker 327



This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.  

Copyright © 2021 by Jessica Kuzmier.   All rights reserved.  

Website: jkuzmier.com  Cover art: JohnBdigital.com



ONE

	
All endings have a beginning.  

An extinction was about to take place.  Based on all calculations and predictive analyses of all involved, the extermination was almost guaranteed to go on as scheduled.

The extinction was to occur on a rocky planet covered in waters of blue, one that was placed third from a medium-sized hydrogen-helium ball located somewhere near the middle of its galaxy.  The exact time and date of this extinction were unknown factors to almost all life forms that existed in the temporal realm of three-dimensional space, except for one in particular whose knowledge was beyond most concepts of knowing.   

This life form of deep origins had survived over the eons here on this rocky planet, in many ways, shapes and forms.  It existed at the edge of reality before time even began.  So versatile was this life form that it is possible, even plausible, that it had made its presence known on astronomical bodies other than this lonely water-covered planet.  

But, this is the kind of theoretical riddle that rises to a level of speculation that is only answered with the science of myths instead of the myths of science. For this planet, this rocky little soul, had nurtured this first of life forms for so long, it had made their children its own.   What went on somewhere else was unknown. Which should not come as much of a surprise.  After all, much that went on here on this small sapphire of a gem was unknown and undiscovered as well.  

Including, but not limited to this first of all life forms.   

Perhaps the best way to categorize this life form was to refer to it as a ‘protocell’.  Which makes sense, as it truly was the cellular life that preceded all other cellular life.  Its genetic components, what made it what it was, the nuances about what it did and what it did not (or more accurately, what ‘they’ did and what ‘they’ did not), is a story for another time.  Their story is both simple and complex, which is to say that it is a composition of all including its opposites, like yin and yang occupying the same territory.   

Suffice it to say, the protocell was necessarily the life form that proceeded all others. In one form of genetic code or another, the protocell’s signature existed in all others, even today. Even in the species that was slated for annihilation.                

The existence of this earliest and most powerful life form could be called a miracle, depending on what aspect of the dimensional continuum one favored. Obviously, something or somethings, somebody or somebodies got the whole thing going.  Was mathematics the great Creator?  And if so, what created mathematics? Or who?  Deep time without measurement could not exist, or could it?    

These questions, unanswerable though they might seem, existed in all realms. Perhaps their existence were what catalyzed life to begin with, propelling what appeared as inorganic to organic.  Although, life possibly could exist without these questions.  Or, perhaps both existed simultaneously.     

Mathematics itself could verify this, as it was possible to add one whole object with finite parameters to another whole object with finite parameters.  Which of course would logically conclude, there were now two whole objects with finite parameters.  And yet, between the numerals one and two lived an infinity of incremental decimals.   Both existed simultaneously, the finite and the infinite, like yin and yang occupying the same territory.  Would it be so strange then, that life had a beginning but also never came from anywhere?

Koans and riddles aside, a planet consisting of compressed elements came together and spun around a molten ball that regurgitated mostly hydrogen and helium. This molten ball, like similar molten balls of composition, was key in perpetuating the process that led to entities such as the protocell and the doomed species.  The process was known as ‘life’.  Both this molten ball and ‘life’ required energy. Which had to come from somewhere, and in a sense required an exchange from other energy sources that was not always friendly in nature.    

This was where death came from, which really wasn’t as bad as it sounded.  It simply was the price for existence.  All creation, by being created, destroyed something else.  The destruction, depending on the circumstances, usually benefited either the creation or continued existence of another.  Energy would be converted and utilized, and a new template would be created.  It happened on the micro, terrestrial, macro and universal levels at every microsecond.  It was a balance of sorts, one that contained both entropy and creation.  For something to be truly balanced, it needed the element of imbalance in greater or lesser degrees.  Else, that would simply be yang without the balance of yin to temper it.   

So, death and life needed each other.  Light needed the darkness.  Order needed chaos.   The dead were both dead and alive simultaneously, feeding life with the energy that once created only changed and was never destroyed.  These principles, as well as many others, had been etched into the first element onward and spelled into the genetic code that originated with the protocell.  It was bestowed as an inheritance upon every species that descended from that very first of life forms. Very few things were concrete in this world of yes and not-yes.  But that one thing was.  The protocell knew this from their beginning, and had never forgotten.

At some point, when the belching innards of the nascent planet turned water vapor into tumultuous rains that drowned the mountains of fire, this first of all life forms branched out in physiology to become three distinct subspecies.  This mutative evolution enabled each of them to migrate to niches more suitable to the changing climate, which in part they were responsible for.  It was a kind of cyclical dance, but one that created life and death, over and over.  A blood sacrifice of sorts, one that raised the dead and transformed the night into day, back into night again.  Symbiosis and sacrifice, alliances to annihilate and annihilations to conceive a new era, all over again.   

Besides becoming the masters of creation and destruction, for the protocell this genetic differential had an additional benefit.  One not only for them, but for every life form that descended from their bosom.  For in fact, every life form did descend from this most versatile of species.  An unlimited amount of configurations were enabled from this process.    

Perhaps this concept seems too unbelievable, or too incredulous a proposition.  But consider that even in its most simplified state, reducing the protocell to basic numerals such as 1, 2, and 3, through cellular division of mitosis and various adaptations you could create multiple configurations of each.  One could arrive with a combination such as 33213231, or even something infinitely larger.  In other words, a microbe down the road a bit could result in an elephant. 

So, that is the brief history of how one life became many.  It had to be able to adapt, and to change.  One explosion bursting at the seams, and the collective biome teemed with the benefit conferred upon them from the brilliance of their ancestors.  Change was inevitable, and so it came to be.

Not surprisingly in the world of yes and not-yes, all this flurry of activity existed concurrently with a great paradox.  For at other times, most times in fact, many members of the three protocell subspecies remained in a kind of stasis, residing in various niches to maintain their equilibrium.  This ability to maintain a semblance of identity in the face of cataclysmic change, furtive genetic exchanges, volatile upheavals of organic and inorganic was essential if one was to maintain an identity.  One’s very existence depended on the stability of a life form to be able to hold its own against threats of violence and chaos.  This was true for the elephant.   This was true of the doomed species.  It would go to follow all this, that it was true for the protocell as well.

As the progenitor of life, the protocell retained this stabilization of identity. If they had not, no species would have ever been able to be an individual species for long, as it was written into the code of life that for one to be alive, one had to be distinct from other life forms while simultaneously being knit into the intricate web of life.  Yin and yang, once again occupying the same territory.  Yes and not-yes all over again.

So, to survive in a world that killed to live but yet lived by alliances, the protocell in their three distinct forms sought niches and refuges.  Like a hidden observer behind a wall conducting an experiment of massive proportions, they watched and waited.  But unlike the aforementioned observer, they were not passive participants.  How could they be, when they were the ones who had been architects in the great design of creation?   At some given time, they always acted.    This is how they knew that an extinction order had been proscribed.

One of these refuges for the protocell was a lake, one that might not seem terribly significant at first in size or appearance, but was vital nonetheless.  This lake reached so deep beyond the surface it bled into the rocky terrain to form a kind of aquifer.  You could truly say, if you were so inclined, that what one saw in the lake was only ‘skin-deep’, and that its true character lay far below the sheen of its outer layer.  You could say that, and you would be correct in more ways than one.   

In this world of yes and not-yes, as well as yin and yang occupying the same territory, this simple little lake fit right in.  Deep in its recesses existed a primordial layer of sediment, hearkening back to the days when the rocky planet was almost as much a ball of fire as the star that powered it today. Solidified elements of sulfur, zircon, and iron overlay much of the silicate clay that comprised its bottom.  

Just above these artifacts of prehistory existed a layer of brackish water.  It was a relatively thin layer, but enough that it still retained a vestige of the ancient oceans that first drowned the planet before cycles of climate change, ice ages and global cooling rearranged the puzzle so only here and there, its imprint remained in small places like this little lake that seemed otherwise unimportant. Above the layer of brackish water, the lake was like many that existed in this region, spawned from the dregs of glaciers long ago, and fed by precipitation in the form of abundant rain and in the winters, abundant snow.  Because of this, especially in its littoral sections, the lake seemed average and ordinary, at least most of the time.  But it most definitely was not.

This chimera of a lake resided within an ecosystem predominated by trees that collectively could be called ‘woods’, based on the local vernacular.  Both ecosystems, that of the lake and the woods,  thrived in their own way.  They accomplished this feat, despite the fact that not so far in the distance, a terraforming of mass proportions executed by the doomed species had mowed down much of their friends, neighbors and cousins.  

In the wake of their carcasses, edifices of iron alloy and stone monuments dotted with myriads of silica eyes that stole the sun were erected.  This was called in local vernacular a ‘city’.  On occasion, the bones of the woods were used to make smaller temples and the blood of lakes, rivers and aquifers were drained to flow through veins and arteries of copper and iron, all to feed the appetites of the species that now had an extinction warrant over its collective head.     

Somehow, in the midst of all this, the woods here by the lake had mostly been spared.  Mind you, ‘spared’ was a relative term.  The forest, pristine as it might seem, was not a primeval one and the word ‘virgin’ was not quite relevant.  At some point in time, the forest had been felled in paper cut fashion, in other words, a little bit here and a little bit there until the biome thinned out and each of the arboreal members were hacked away from each other little by little, held together by only the tether of a tendon or two.    

Luckily, winds blew seeds in from here and there, and the forest once more was restored in as a deciduous entity here by the lake.  The forest of steel-girded towers comprising the ‘city’ loomed at a distance, but so far the encroachment was not quite here yet.  A kind of resilience and tenacity resided here, in this most ordinary looking domains.  Symbiosis, death and survival: the essential elements of life all were here. 

Now, how was this interlude about a lake and the deciduous trees that hid its shores relevant to an extinction of a species that seemingly had nothing to do with them?  Well, maybe everything.  In fact, given the destruction wrought by this doomed species upon this and every other ecosystem, would it be possible their extermination would be if anything, a kind of collective sigh of relief that the bully finally had been put in his place for good?  Thrown in a dark cell seventeen stories below the surface and with the key tossed away forever, good riddance, don’t let the door hit you on your way down?	

Or perhaps, the lake was irrelevant.  A lake was just a lake, after all.  A tree, just a tree.  Just a grain or two of sand that resided in a desert that stretched for kilometers over miles.  Of course, every element was essential to a biome to survive.  But it also wasn’t.  

But like the many paradoxes and contradictions, perhaps the lake had everything to do with the looming extinction of a species.  In this case, perhaps the lake was the key, the source code that would overwrite the algorithm that proclaimed a death warrant.  Or, as the doomed species might say, the lake was a closed box which once was opened would unleash the demons of superstitions and primordial elements that would envelop them all.  You just never knew for sure with these things.

Actually, this whole extinction scenario had all happened before, major ones and minor ones, wholesale wipeouts and cataclysmic levelings to teach the errant species a lesson or two in good manners.  It occurred with other species that had been erased from existence, save for a genetic echo here or there.  Alternatively, whole populaces had been reduced to the bare number needed to sustain the life of the species.  Their habitats would be limited as other species received their former territory as a kind of war booty.  The atmosphere and climate would even conspire in this order of balance by global warming, or in many cases global cooling.    

Even the mighty cyanobacteria, the giant superpower who single-handedly altered the planet’s atmosphere from hydrogen to oxygen and destroyed most of the life that came before its terraforming knew this.  Nearly eradicated in the face of ice ages, even they could not forever hold dominion over the planet they conquered. 

Some cyanobacteria resided here in the lake.  Tempered by the collective memory of their near destruction, they lived in homeostatic fashion with their other neighbors, which included some species of phytoplankton and even a smattering or two of red algae.  There were aquatic species such as perch and bass, amphibian life forms such as frogs and toads.  Reptiles such as turtles and newts and salamanders slouched and skipped their way into the fray. 

From time to time, crickets were here, as well as dragonflies and butterflies in bloom.  In the forest that surrounded the lake, microbes besides the protocell regurgitated the decomposition of flora and fauna.  Larger animals called mammals pranced here and there, such as deer and occasionally the bobcat who had taken up permanent residence here, and little brown bats who served as a barometer of circadian rhythms and temperatures.  Even a black bear or two was known to dip in and out of the edges of the woods, like a child playing peekaboo.  The sounds, their scents mixing and wafting up and down with the convection of wind currents and dipping and rising with the sun and seasons, all provided a banquet of life that seemed so satisfying and varied, it would seem the most unlikely source for an extinction in the making.  That is, if an abundance of life somehow was armor for what waited at the transformative end.  

The lake and its surrounding woods was also now home to a pair of bald eagles, a newly mated couple who had found the haven of undisturbed life in the midst of the chaos.  Far up in the boughs of trees stripped of leaves, the pair were just beginning their nesting life together.   This was fine, for their life together was fated to be a long one based on the genetic code written into their very cells. The calls of the raptors echoed and bounced and ricocheted all throughout the terrain, swooping and soaring through the wind and the trees above almost all life forms, but not quite all.  Compared to them, in the silence of winter falling, the chorus of all the other fauna were but a whisper.    

Observing all of this was a member of the doomed species.  The individual could be described in several ways.  From the vantage point of the protocell, most of the ways that would comprehensively describe the individual came from traits that had branched far from the ways of this first life form.  It was obvious that the individual was multicellular, for instance.  So, the best generic way to describe this individual that represented the species with the death sentence would be through the language of biological gender, an attribute that came about once procreation involved the splitting and merging of chromosomal genetic codes.  The individual was biologically female, and her species that of a kind of nearly hairless primate self-identified as ‘Homo sapiens’, which translated into a lofty description that meant ‘wise ones’.  Over time, her species had developed an intricacy of neural wirings in their cerebral cortex that rivaled that of the molecular web and vibrations that linked the three subspecies of the protocell.   

The Homo sapiens female sat on the lake, not on the lake itself but in a contraption that had been made by her and other nearly hairless primates such as herself that she bonded with.  It was a ‘wooden canoe’, one that had gotten smaller over the years as she had grown to full size and it had grown not at all.    

Today, she was alone, but she had not always been that way.  She watched the eagles, and they watched her.  Next to her were instruments which normally accompanied her on these trips.  But tonight she only watched, her expression intense and intent as the last light finished casting shadows to hide any emotion she betrayed.  Sunset had just fallen, and nighttime would soon be here.   
In watching the eagles, did she know the edict that had been written, condemning her species to extinction?  Did she know that the manner of execution would befit a species who arrogantly named themselves the ‘wise ones’ when they never even knew who their elders were?  Or cared?

In a way, it did not matter.  But it also was of utmost importance that this female, if not her at least one member of her species, heard the warnings and took heed.  A small chance of redemption for her species existed, and perhaps a stay of execution would be issued.  Or it would not, and a species at large would be food for all that remained in its demise.  Order and entropy could coexist in the same choice, regardless of the fate of one species. 

The oldest species in the world watched and waited for the doomed species to decide its fate.  Time was always on the side of the protocell, and it always would be.  The limitation of time only belonged to the condemned.  The time for wisdom, as far as this species was concerned, was now.  For the oldest, time was eternal.  
The female eagle screamed the day’s last prophecy, her voice reverberating and echoing all throughout the trees and deep into the lake.  Night was ready to rule on its throne, and the darkness had awakened.
All endings have a beginning
	  

TWO  


NOTE:

The following article has been reported to authorities as suspicious by concerned citizens.  Analysis has concluded that it be flagged for review due to content that may suggest terrorist activities, especially in light of the recent pandemics.  Individuals involved in writing and publishing this material are being considered for monitoring until further notice.  Commentary reported by the publisher as criminal and threatening are to be given secondary consideration given their local nature, and the IP address used by publisher to report this alleged inflammatory content should be monitored for further activity by the individuals.  Surveillance will also include individuals who participated in interviews.  Digital forensics are underway to monitor activities based on the names below or to determine if pseudonyms have been used.  All identities herein have been flagged as persons of interests.  No watch list orders have been issued in the anticipation that free activity of the individuals will lead to evidence of a wider plot.    

TRUTHSAYER’S UNDERCOVER SCRIBE

Concrete journalism from the frontlines that the corporate-spun ‘real news’ will never tell you! 

SCIENCE NEWS

Ecology and society 

HOW TO REALLY CARE FOR THE EARTH, THE VOLUNTARY HUMAN EXTINCTION WAY

By Tricia Colt

What if one way to care for the planet was to let the human race die out peacefully?  

That’s the belief of some people who think it’s time for Homo sapiens to collectively call it a day.  

Meet the members of Into The Long Night, one of several organizations and other loosely affiliated people who believe that it’s time for Homo sapiens to collectively and unilaterally as a species to stop reproducing, essentially letting the race die out and become extinct in a century.

“Like our colleagues, we’re a non-violent movement.  It’s a mistake to think that people who espouse voluntary human extinction are misanthropic and hate people,” says Julie H, who has been a member since college.  “We do not advocate nuclear war, artificial pandemics or any other type of genocide.”

In fact, “The compulsive need to make little replicas of ourselves is what has led to these violent and psychotic phenomena,” says Dylan K., who is using a pseudonym and preferred not to divulge any details about his affiliation.  He continues, “Our need to reproduce and multiply wantonly is the basis of war and violent action, especially when committed on a massive scale.” 
“There has been a real manipulation of the populace, to convince them, especially women, that it is their crowning achievement to have the ‘pitter-patter of little feet’ running around tripping over everything, and especially if the little monsters wind up looking just like them, particularly for the girls,” says Riley C., who was introduced to the philosophy of voluntary extinction by her adoptive parents as a child and retained their beliefs as a twenty-something adult.  

She continues, “Many people are blind to the fact that the feral encouragement and emphasis on reproduction is based on capitalism, sexism and racism, a method by which one side forces women to make little warriors of its own side so there are more of ‘us’ to fight one day against the herds of ‘them’.”  As examples of this premise, Riley cites “the eugenics movement in the United States, which encouraged the forced sterilization of not only women of color, but those white women of Eastern and Southern European heritage who generally happened to be Catholic, ‘lower-class’ women, and those arbitrarily deemed ‘retarded’ and ‘defective’, which could include those whom we know today as having bipolar depression, or Aspberger’s syndrome.” (editor’s note: quotation marks added for emphasis) 

Riley continues her theory by stating that this philosophy, while forcing sterilization on some, precipitated the encouragement for “white middle-class and rich Protestant women of Western and Northern European heritage to have as many white babies as possible, giving rise to the most adorable baby of them all to have blonde hair and blue eyes, and how that racist stereotype still persists today whereby the most adorable baby is still subconsciously regarded as fair-skinned with light features.”  In the process, she concludes “we not only encourage racism but turn it into a virtue, and try to tell those who are ‘unlucky’ enough to ‘make’ anything ‘less’ than that ‘product they’re only imagining things when the notice the stereotype.  How is this dynamic reflect proof of the wonders of parenthood?” 

Glenn D., who has been a member along with his husband Jules X. for ten years states, “The need to define our society based on a family with naturally born children has been so ingrained into our culture, we don’t even pay attention to what we’re saying to ourselves and to others because of it, until you run up against rabid people who say my husband and I aren’t entitled to raise any children because, and I quote, ‘if God wanted Adam and Steve or Eve and Sally to have their own baby, God would have made the anatomy for Adam and Steve or Eve and Sally to do so’, as though two loving gay parents with a good home are more disgusting than two heterosexual drug addicts who leave their hypodermic needles and beer bottles and loaded guns around are better than us, just because it’s Adam and Eve flying an American flag on the Fourth of July.  This kind of mentality is proof that we have an advanced civilized society that loves its children?”

He adds, “Look at all of the infighting with women, slam-dunking each other over whether a mother stays at home with kids or has a paid career outside the home.  In theory, both are considered legitimate activities, but you wouldn’t know it based on all the dissing that goes on.  I’ve heard it all from both sides, maybe because as a gay man they considered me neutral territory.”

Continuing onward, Glenn says “It’s pretty ironic, all the violent emotions that get behind all of this kind of talk.  It’s like what the others have told you, Tricia, about shooting out little soldiers out of your uterus like torpedoes so there is more of ‘us’ than ‘them’.  Women are pawns and chattel in a game they will never win but forced to play just by existing, brainwashed into thinking by their own peers that they are worthless without a child, all so some man can have some other little man to ‘carry on his name’ while millions of children in the world are left to suffer so some asshats can go buy pink and blue shit made in China by victims of human trafficking.  And then this so-called civilized society has the audacity to say we are the ones who are selfish for not having kids?”

He concludes his point by stating, “We base success in society on whether or not people have ‘families,’ which is euphemistic for parents with children either directly from their bodies or made especially for them, in the case of in vitro or surrogates as though ordering products on online warehouse websites with bitcoin.  We think we’re worth something if we ‘take care of ourselves first’ and ‘care for our own’.  Let the rest of the world go to hell, as long as it doesn’t affect us!  ‘The Handmaid's Tale’ isn’t fiction.  It’s happening now,” says Glenn D., in reference to the Margaret Atwood novel and television show of the same name.
Glenn's husband Jules X. says, “To expound upon what Riley said about how capitalism encourages shooting kids out left and right, it’s a matter of supply and demand not only for the tribalism factor, but sheer and abject commercialism. Think of all the toys, diapers, clothes, food, and other commodities that are necessary for our human life here in the technological world.  The more people, the more business and products you need, and since our gross domestic product is measured in such a way that in most cases, a tree felled and rendered into toilet paper is of more worth than one still standing providing photosynthesis, shade, and in many cases food, our society has determined that the more stuff we have floating around in our homes and our oceans and drinking water, the richer we are.  Hence, a new baby is a cash cow for nation states bent on dominating the world for hegemony over resources that they can convert into what the economic benchmark determines as being lucrative.” 

Jules continues, “This has nothing to do with the love or joy for life, or even human life.  This is objectifying every human being into nothing more than a robot that is expected to feed an evil and monstrous network bent on dominating the world.   But the media will certainly tell you that love is the theme of the day, just buy this product and because you did that wonderful service to humanity by doing so, we’ll all jump and dance into the sunset together and give six cents to feed the children in Africa.  We’ll create some day on the calendar whereby celebrities with bloated bank accounts will sing and compel you to throw some spare change or bitcoin into some organization to save the whales or the AIDS victims or people overrun by human trafficking, run by people who make more money than three-quarters of the planet will see in their lifetimes, and then we’ll go to commercial break the next 364 days and buy luxury cars now that we threw crumbs to those we stomped on to get the pimped-up ride.”

“The bottom line is this,” Glenn says.  “This society is all about image, not character.  Society and its members are programmed with behavior to care about the image of being kind.   They don't actually teach you to actually be kind.  They teach you how to butter up someone else to get something from them, and live in the mirage that you can control other people like puppets with the right magic rhetoric.” 

What does all of this have to do with voluntary extinction?  

Glenn explains it this way, “You have a female shoot kids out and get all gushy about it, you get people to go ooh, and ahh, and tell you how wonderful you are because you’re creating the next generation, even if all you do is sit around and watch reality TV or directly threaten other parents over limited access to a particular school or extracurricular program that corporations told you was valuable, because they use it as a tax write-off.  It’s all the product of being brainwashed by snake oil sales tactics.   Because why do you need to put more children on the planet, when there are a vast amount of children here that need taking care of?  Kids already here, that could use a loving home?”

Glenn is referring to a classic tenet of compassionate voluntary extinction, which suggests that instead of creating a family with children through the pregnancy of a female, create one through adoption, as in the case of Riley and her parents. Other examples of their version of parenting include teaching, mentoring and fostering, “all of which entail extending yourself past justifying the narcissism that your own little tribe is the only thing worth protecting, and instead protecting the world.”

Dylan K. says, all of our accomplishments are illusory, and usually at high costs that no one truly wants to confront.  “I’m an epidemiologist, and I’ve worked all over the world and seen rampant epidemics everywhere.  Climate change due to our so-called progress has caused diseases to increase and make outbreaks worse. Vector borne diseases like Zika and malaria are only increasing, and our beloved addiction and veneration of ourselves pretending we are little gods recreating the world in our image through short-sighted technology and supposed creating speed and progress at all cost is why something like COVID-19 ever became the pandemic it did.  But guess what?  Nature, natural selection, God, the devil, whatever you want to call your maker, is having the last laugh.  In fact,  it wouldn’t blow me away if the pathogenic world is laughing its ass off.  Think of it.  We should have learned our lesson with the COVID-19 pandemic.  For about fifteen minutes, the populace scratched its collective head and said, ‘how could a microscopic entity take down the crowning achievement of Creation and natural selection so readily?’ For a brief millisecond, there was the realization that microbes and the diseases they cause evolve faster than our progress, but just as fast, we forgot it. Meanwhile we waste our technology on building military arsenals, the ability to send people into space to blow up satellites, chemicals to make Godzilla size chickens living in deplorable conditions that reduces our resistance to antibiotics.”

Dylan also believes that many of the epidemics he has witnessed, “including but not limited to the COVID-19 virus that spread economic panic more than anything else”, are “artificial manifestations, or at least allowed to proliferate and spread unabated designed to use certain populations as guinea pigs to test various vaccines, bioterror weapons and the epidemiological effects that result.”   He says, “Did you know that there is evidence that the .01 percent of the .01 percent wants to reduce the population to less than a billion?  They’ve been at it since Dale Carnegie.  And do you notice that it’s always the so called lower classes and those in supposedly undeveloped countries that are affected more adversely?  Then they cover it all up, like what happened in the COVID-19 pandemic in the so-called ‘underdeveloped’ world.” 

Speaking of COVID-19, he continues by saying “That whole pandemic was their fault, they knew it was coming before it even happened.  The coronavirus species that caused it was a genetic cousin of the one that caused SARS in 2003.  I was a student at the time when the SARS epidemic took place, and everyone was really paranoid about what SARS could develop into, and they were rushing around trying new technologies out like the mRNA, but really what happened is that most people sighed in relief that we’d all dodged some collective bullet when the virus decided to take a nap and go back into its reservoir and leave us good people alone.” 
He continues, “So what did we do with this grace period that perhaps even God above might have given us?  Clamp down on open markets that permitted the slaughtering of the reservoir animals so the viral fecal matter wouldn’t splatter all over us anymore?  Stop flying around everywhere just to go get drunk at Mardi Gras and give the planet a break with our noxious fumes?  Cut down on the global population so at least, for God’s sake or at least are own, we could feed the people we have instead of starving a couple of billion more?  No!  Of course not!   We couldn’t slow the economy down!   Let’s go be gluttons off the planet a little more, why not?   And guess what?  After all that time, all that warning, when COVID-19 showed up, people were smacking their heads saying, ‘Gee, where did that come from?’, all while trying how to game the system so they could get out of that silly little quarantine so they could go fly around the world to get drunk at beaches and clubs and drive seventy miles a day to work with noxious fumes blowing out of a vehicle’s ass. Whether you believe in God or not, something was trying to tell us to stop the crap already.  Did we listen?  Nooooo!  So does a species that doesn’t pay attention to anything but its own selfie narcissism looking to collect more minion likes on digital platforms even deserve to exist?  Especially when their frat party is killing of two-thirds of the planet?  Please!”

He finishes his opinion with a rather long viewpoint, stating “We love it when we bomb the enemy, but then whine like a little infant when those we bomb decide that it’s time to repay the favor with a happy blast.  It’s patriotic to support troops, but not protesters.  Protesters are horrible people who hate freedom and along with it, the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Korea, whatever idiot who stands in the hallowed chamber of the nation state’s leader.   With that mentality, it’s more of a horror to burn a piece of material that’s sewn in the colors of the nation state than for a soldier to firebomb a so-called enemy.  Our modern civilization is built on the categorical and wholesale destruction of native populaces, and the underpinnings of our so-called egalitarian Western thought and industrial revolution was to destroy or at least subvert whatever was deemed the ‘out-group’ of the moment.  With social media, you want to blackball someone?  You want to blackball whole groups of people?  You can get your own rabid minions for free and knock them all dead!  It’s as easy as hitting ‘Enter’ on your computer keyboard, no effort or courage needed.  You can kill your enemy off and then have fast food delivered to your door, just download your personal app for that!  So, given all of that, since we’re the kind of species that thinks that genocide is a great idea to make progress based on the image we see in the mirror on the planet, why not get rid of the whole population?  We’re heading there already.  And who’s to say what group is superior?  Think of it, if enough people in power decide to wipe out an inconvenient out-group, who’s to say it will stop there?  What’s so great about the .01 of the .01, or even the upper 30 percent, that they should dance around the vast meadows and the rest of us choke on glyphosate-laden produce and chlorine and artificially induced epidemics and pandemics?”

Dylan finishes by saying, “Let’s get real.  People hate each other.  They’ll tell you otherwise, but just look at what people say about each other on the Internet when they don’t have to worry about pretending to be nice, upstanding citizens. Don’t you put down a pet when it gets too sick?  That’s what Homo sapiens should just get honest about, and put an end to the collective misery through euthanizing itself.”

If much of what has been said by these people sounds vehement, then that’s not much of an accident.  In fact, the philosophy of Into The Long Night is a more organized version of the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement, which when abbreviated to its acronym VHMET is pronounced by its followers as ‘vehement’.  The Voluntary Human Extinction Movement is a term specifically coined by Les U. Knight to give identification to a philosophy that became more mainstream with nineteenth century German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer, who according to Dylan K, “discussed our futility of existence, and how life is just our chasing of desires that will never be fulfilled.  It’s even Biblical.  Read Ecclesiastes, and even King Solomon discussed how everything was meaningless and would all pass away.” 

Yet, Dylan says, “People pretend that we somehow extend in forever, are so important that we have to create little versions of ourselves, and think somehow after we’ve been dead for three hundred years, anyone is really going to spend more than two hours of their time ever thinking of us, unless we get ‘bigger than Jesus’, as quoted by John Lennon.  And yet how often do you find yourself talking about John Lennon?  There’s people who don’t even know who he is, so why is it so important we have to go piss on a proverbial genetic tree to pretend we’re all ‘Kilroy was here’?  It’s magical thinking to believe anyone or anything will really care about us when we’re gone.  Want proof of that?  We don’t even care about anyone or anything, and we’re still here.  Unfortunately so, for most of the planet.”

Given the vehemence of these individuals, and the enraged rhetoric that many expressed, it may be difficult to believe that these people are seeking a nonviolent end to humanity.  Or that such a premise is even nonviolent on the face of it, as if to suggest voluntary extinction as a peaceful movement is at best ironic and at worst, horrifically dystopian.   

But as many of these people have suggested, they believe that they are being no more hypocritical than the average person.  “It seems to be a very human characteristic to rationalize, to see oneself as superior to all others in a self-defined positive way, or paradoxically in the case of inferiority complex to see oneself as the center of the universe in a way destructive to self and everyone around them,” says Riley.

In other words, as Glenn states “humans act as though the world is all about me, me, me and what me, me me, wants.  We worry about how we are perceived incessantly while killing those who cross us with words and deeds, we rationalize power over others through force, psychological or otherwise, and call it ‘concern’ or ‘compassion’, and call murder kindness if it is done in the name of self-esteem or whatever concept of God that someone wants to pull out of a rabbit hat on any given day: Jesus, Allah, pride, or love of the girl or boy next door.  This is the world children are brought into, and the chaos is unimaginable that they have to wade through.  No wonder they are killing each other in the schools.  It seems our so-called loving conception of ‘family’ and the system have really gotten across the message that killing each other off is the humane way to go.  Now, let’s get honest and finish the job, and get rid of everyone else.” 

The likelihood of this plan working? “We know that people are probably going to still insist on having biological children,”  Riley says.  “We just hope that people can be more conscious of the impact they have on the planet, and learn to be more cooperative, not living like parasites off of the planet and each other. After all, there are even viruses and bacteria that know how to live in beneficially reciprocal relationships.  If human beings think they are so smart, can’t they prove it by doing better than a bunch of microbes?”   

If they can’t?  “Well, nature has a way of taking out the garbage.  It remains to be seen whatever forces of nature there are in the world will judge us as worthy, or not.”   

The writer would like to thank the members of Into The Long Night for their time and candor.   All rights reserved, copyright Tricia Colt.

COMMENTS  (586)

Disclaimer:  Truthsayer’s Undercover Scribe is not responsible for any public commentary, nor endorses or opposes any particular position than that of its staff writers.  No libelous or discriminatory speech is permitted.  Any such comments will be deleted by the publication, and the IP address of the offender will be banned without exception.

Editor’s note: The commentary section of this article is now officially closed and is unavailable for public viewing due to the inflammatory nature of many of the responses, and investigations regarding the most hostile are underway.   Although Truthsayer’s Undercover Scribe is a champion of free speech, the publication refuses to endorse threats of torture, sexual violence, dismemberment, and murder towards sources, fellow commentators, and journalists.  It is quite ironic that those who wish to defending the preciousness of human life do so by threatening the lives of other human beings.    

For those who responded to this article with restraint like adults are supposed to do, we apologize for the inconvenience.  For those who did not, you are part of the problem you accuse others of being.   
Thanks for supporting the right to nonviolent free thinking and free speech by reading Truthsayer’s Scribe.  

_____________________

CODE 3:   Are you on the secure channel?

CODE 2:  Of course I am.  Don’t you know me by now?
CODE 3:  The bears all took the bait.  They’ll eating from the honey pot from this point on not knowing it’s a hornet’s nest.

CODE 2: Of course they will.  What did else did you expect?  They’re like dogs chasing their tails and biting them like a beef bone.

CODE 3:  Everything has been destroyed as planned.

CODE 2:  Great.  Onward and upward to the next round!  Congratulations to us all, the real freedom fighters!



THREE


Night had fallen on the lake in the middle of the woods.   

For many who lived in this habitat, like the newly mated bald eagles and Eastern cottontail rabbits who called this place home, this meant a time of slumber and sleep.    

For others, like the screech owls, barred owls, and the snowy owls who had taken refuge at the lake in the middle of the woods, it was a time of waking and guarding, of hunting prey and of watchful movements.     

For others, like the Eastern coyotes who had adopted the land, and the female Homo sapiens biped who floated on the canoe in the middle of the lake, it was a time of awakening in the darkness like predators resurrected into souls of prophecy and poets.    

In the case of the protocell, it was all of these and none of these.  All these states of being had descended from them, so it was part of them yet paradoxically they manifested nothing of the sort.   

For the protocell, the cycle of nighttime and daytime and the turn of the planet existed as a state of being.  As the progenitor of all that came before, the protocell had seen the dark and the light in shifting sands and lengths.  Quite literally, in fact.   

Existing in the firmaments of the planet’s depths and nascent atmosphere, ‘light’ 
and ‘dark’ expressed a different gravity than whether the orb of the sun soared high in the sky or dove low under the horizon.  Of course, the sun’s reign and dormancy was essential to the  protocell’s existence.  So were the myriad of elements, and subatomic units such as protons, quarks, neutrons and other forms of energy seen and unseen that had unified in a kind of symphony to create the rocky terrestrial planet that from the heavens became an orb of blue.    
That could be a way of saying that for the protocell, something came before and most likely something before that.  Each ran a cycle of birth and death, whether random or planned was irrelevant.  There was entropy, and creation.  There was night, and there was daytime.  There was life, and there was death.  There was light, and there was darkness.

Each cycle of every creation, organic or inorganic, was unique.  It had been that way for all of time, and before time’s birth. Even time had been an embryo once upon a prehistorical time.  This was part of time’s clock.  

The protocell was no different than any of these, either than the ones that came before them, or the myriad of descendants that had been birthed from their wombs and loins, so to speak.  They too had a cycle of slumber and awakening, just as the diurnal life forms were programmed to sleep when the skies above were inky black with night as it was here at the lake.   It was just not like the others, or as concrete in the blink of linear time.

The clock that ruled the protocell clade was not of the same rhythm of the sun rising and falling below the horizon.  They were the first of those life forms that many Homo sapiens called ‘organic’, at least here on this rocky planet that was covered in sapphire blue.  From the protocell stemmed all circadian cycles, the nocturnal and the diurnal, those waking states of mating and slumbering states of hibernation, of gestation and termination.     

So long they had existed in this state of fertility and regeneration, that they remembered the sun and moon from a time when days and nights measured differently than they did at this present time, when the extinction order of the Homo sapiens had been written.  They too, had their night and their day, of stasis and metamorphosis.  Their time of procreation and time of termination.  They knew of the dark, and they knew of the light.

They knew this place, this lake that was in the middle of the woods.  It was their home as well as all others.  The story of Homo sapiens, with all the magic and mayhem that went along with it, that was theirs as well.  But if Homo sapiens ended, they themselves would not end.  Their story would go on, until life ended. In a sense, all stories were their stories.  All life forms were part of the story, and had their part to play. 

For example, there could be cats who wrote the tale of: 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000on a computer on their way to their food bowl, and it all came off like happy accidents that provoked joyful giggles.  But, all of that, the multiplied zeroes and the mirth that it generated, that would be the protocell’s story, too.  Anything that had been written was written in the code that they authored.   
Here in the brackish lake in the middle of the woods, another story was being written by the protocell, unfolding with its various chapters.  They wrote beginnings, they wrote endings.   

So, as was said before, all endings have a beginning.   

In this place, all was dark as much as it could be dark.  The sky reflected a phase of what the Homo sapiens called in various iterations called languages, a ‘new moon’. 

The protocell referred to it in a different manner.  The closest definition to their expression be to call it the ‘shadow sky’.  This simply meant that the protocell’s processes were in a phase of activity that were not easily reflected by the manner of visible light, whether by a flashlight that was brought on occasion by a solitary Homo sapiens female riding in a boat, or in in the blindness of a star that many called Sol.     

This was also a special ‘shadow sky’, as this was the new moon of the month that Homo sapiens in these parts called ‘winter solstice’.  They called this event the ‘longest night of the year’.    

It was a good time for the approach of this, the ‘longest night of the year’.  For soon, it would be the longest night of the year for all of Homo sapiens.  Not in the most literal, superficial way of course.  It was easy to grab the most convenient of meanings from something, but there were always real meanings that hid underneath the surface of things.

If the lunar cycle manifesting ‘new moons’ truly determined the luminosity of the night on this rocky planet, the skies would have been the darkest possible hues in some places, rendering a universal sabbath upon those who lived by the glory of the sun, the star named Sol.  

In other parts, it would reflect a cornucopia of constellations, nebulae and distant satellites that spoke visions to prophets and shamans.  For this was the time of the new moon, a time when at some point only seconds ago on the astronomical clock, darkness ruled the nighttime sky.    

In the midst of all this activity of inorganic and organic, flora and fauna sat the female biped representing the doomed species of Homo sapiens.  

If solitude was based on a singularity of species, she was alone.  If it was not, she was surrounded by life.  Most of this biped’s species would choose to perceive this state of being as of the former. This female biped was not one of those individuals.    

Like a select minority portion of her species, she saw life where others saw none. To play a little game of word salad, the problem with many of her kind was the heavy emphasis on the word ‘saw’, which led to easy speech where people might use expressions such as ‘I see what you’re saying’ as though words floated over a person’s head like a character in a graphic novel.  Or, more commonly throughout the habitat that Homo sapiens claimed to have conquered, the concept of being ‘blind to the truth’. 

Everything was visual, so much so that even now the speech that was spoken had been harvested to pixels and bytes.  So pervasive was this genetic virus of belief, that most believed that a ‘civilization’ was defined as those who could convert the spoken word to visual context in the form of ‘reading’ and ‘writing’, which made them ‘literate’.   

At least, this is what it used to be.  Now, it had mutated into a new configuration.  One had a civilization based on the level of technology they had, which was the Homo sapiens’ way of reconfiguring the world in their image.  You could now send a message of death to the billions and billions of people who were civilized the modern way in one keystroke.  Now, this was one way to see the light.   

There had been warnings unheeded, in the earliest days of these ‘literate’ civilizations.    Fables and prophecies discussed supernatural beings of deception as ‘angels of light’ such as Lucifer.  Legendary figures called Phaeton or Icarus were struck down for their lack of humility for flying too close to the sun.  A mythical god named Prometheus was punished by the deities for stealing fire for the mere mortals, because they knew what Homo sapiens would do, once they tasted the real fruit of the gods, that of fire and light.    

The story was told over and over, in books and in plays and in theaters of tears. This is because Homo sapiens knew they were literally playing with fire they knew nothing about.  They seemed to all hear this message, and yet not enough of them listened.  They continued to play with fire to the point that the world itself was on fire.  

Yet, not enough of them listened.  Even warnings such as hurricanes, plagues and pandemics were not enough to get them to have ears that could hear.    

Instead, now they now simply chose to do away with the gods and set themselves up as masters, with the gods acting as magic genies to do their bidding.  They created fables that reflected this, because this suited a happier narrative to enable their mayhem as being the benefit to anyone who would listen.  

This is why the Homo sapiens female was able to access the lake at this latitude on the precipice of winter solstice.  If Homo sapiens had acted in a way that maintained equilibrium, the lake would be covered in a thick blanket of snow this time of year.  At a minimum, there would be a sheen of ice camouflaging the waters below.  

But alas, Homo sapiens had not been a good guardian of the earth beneath their feet and the sky that breathed above them, and had not maintained the equilibrium they had been entrusted with.  And so now, the world was on fire.  Therefore, there was no ice on the lake, not even at the shallow edges.  Homo sapiens were so blinded by their own fire that they didn’t even know they were burning, and instead rewrote the fable to speak of their own power and might.  

The majority of these fables spoke of their reality in colors and arguments of what was beautiful and what was not in symbols of pixels and sticks called ‘digital writing’.  Things were ‘black’ and ‘white’.  With ‘black’ being the epitome of disgusting and evil and ‘white’ the epitome of all that was good and pure, it was easy to transfer the narrative to those who surrounded them.    

By this narrative, even people themselves were classified into black and white, and those who rested in between of greater and lesser ‘purity’, depending on who was doing the classification.  In this fashion, everyone was little god except if some other god said you were not a god, which not surprisingly happened quite a lot. So, because there were gods of too many making, in essence entropy reigned. Destruction, after all, was its own kinds of creation.

In this narrative of ‘black’ and ‘white’ with all that was good and holy, Homo sapiens wondered why the god they prayed to and who they said saved their souls, a god that supposedly of all that was good, holy and pure did not intervene in quarrels of their own making.    

The reason why was simple.  God in all Their iterations had officially been given Their walking papers, and Homo sapiens were now free to revel in the wisdom of their own confusion.  That is why God in Their wisdom did not come and save Homo sapiens from themselves.  How could They, when They had long ago been sent on a train to nowhere?

Consuming some croutons in the word salad, it was not surprising that so much of life went unnoticed by Homo sapiens, when orbs of their own narcissism of light got all of the glory, even robbing the night sky of its inky domain in grayish hues of drab.   

The female Homo sapiens in the boat contemplated this, here in the dark.   
Because of this depth perception, she not only perceived the stars of the imaginary constellation Orion and the pin-pricks of Mars and Jupiter above her.  Or, aided by the combination of practiced night vision to combat light pollution, a limited ability to see hills, trees, and the lake rippling outside the membrane of the boat’s location.  Or even more subtly, the red bioluminescence that lurked in the brackish depths of the lake’s center.   

What was this bioluminescence?  Was it was the reflection of algae, or the unearthly chimera of a primordial siphonophore chain, or another species unknown to the new self-proclaimed angels of light?  Perhaps it was the immortal jellyfish, rumored to never die but to revert to its stage of infancy as a tiny, bright read polyp.  Like the Loch Ness monster of old, this jellyfish was rumored to have been seen in spots here and there in briny water around the world.    Maybe the waters here held just enough salinity to make a welcome ecosystem for a species this old and unique.  

Questions like these circled in the imagination of the female Homo sapiens.
The bioluminescence was the character in this play that drew her nearly every night like a mammalian moth since she witnessed it many years ago.    
This was her private Loch Ness monster, the mythical character that drew many to lakes such as these.  Entities over the brief moment of Homo sapiens’ time promising of something beyond the perception of narcissism, such as ghosts, goblins and visionary monsters of all shapes and dimensions.  
Except to her, this was not a monster, but a friend and an ally.  It was a guide that had sustained her, and her quest to know this friend and ally had defined her life.  So much so, that she felt a kind of protective urge towards this bioluminescence.    

Only a select few knew of this bioluminescence, which was visible only during the reign of the nighttime sky in the deepest center of the lake.  The reality that it was still relatively untouched in a lake surrounded by Homo sapiens was a phenomenon in itself, which made her sense of protection even stronger.  She knew that once this life form was known, it would be destroyed. 

Though she had know way of knowing it for sure, the few who knew about the bioluminescence were only those she had told in her own private clade of confidants.  All were those who thought as she did, who protected the integrity of the lake and its surrounding environs.  This is why she had felt it safe to tell them.  None of those she had told had ever disturbed this bioluminescence.  

Shadow nights were the best time for her to witness the bioluminescence, as there were less distractions then.  With a sense of muscle memory practiced over and over again, she proceeded to dip a ladle into the water, careful so as not to disturb the body of the entity.    

As she dipped the ladle, a kind of exhalation seemed to emit from the life form. It was the water mixed with the substance that she collected.  Once she accomplished her goal by securing her payload from the watery cache, she closed her eyes and remained by the life form, the solitary representative member of her species here at the lake.  Her time of seeing was done.   

She was a member of a select minority of her species who subscribed to the theory that visual proof was the weakest proof.  On this night, she did not even have that artificial construct called a ‘flashlight’, whether one in torch-like form or manifested in the digital pixels of a ‘flashlight app’ on a rectangle that nowadays thought more than most Homo sapiens.   

The female biped had none of these.  She relied on other ways of perception, and sight with one’s eyes upon the world was not her primary mode.  She believed too much went on beneath the surface of things to rely what her eyes told her.  Sight was the purview of ultimate predators, such as the mating bald eagles who slumbered far above her.    

To her, the visions of the day were too limiting.  One only saw so much in the blindness of visible light.  Other ways of seeing were needed if one were to envision the broadest scope of reality.  Or, its most infinitesimal.
The Homo sapiens female was not the only one of her species who thought like this. These others acted on this alternate philosophy in different ways.  Some saw divine presences and beings, such as gods and goddesses, spirit walkers and angels and tricksters.  

Some saw the soul underneath the skin, which many called ‘unconscious’ and ‘preconscious’, a place where Homo sapiens and perhaps others would act from without thinking.   

Some of those who saw demons and beings behind the reality of things claimed they saw visions that no one else could see.  There were times that these visions occurred during synthetically altered states.  This simply meant that without the synthetic source, these individuals would have not had the visions that no one else could see.    

Many others had these visions when they accessed kinetic waves within their physiology that were outside surface perception, such as practicing what was called prayer, meditation, or art.  Sometimes these two processes, the synthetic and the spiritual were connected.  Other times, they were not. 

Some saw visions because of symbolism, which was a manner of solidifying a world that lived within the minds of Homo sapiens.  The world that lived inside the minds of Homo sapiens was called ‘imagination’, a place where they took the exterior world like so much compost and regurgitated it into a formula that would make sense to them.  Imagination could cause war.  Imagination could create a miracle.  It could create destruction, and destroy creation.   

To this end, they called their gods names that they could see, as they would their demons or the unexplained.  They saw monsters that lived either in other quantum dimensions externally, or only in the quantum dimensions of their own internal compass.  Lakes such as this one, with contrived beings such as the ‘Loch Ness Monster’.    

The Homo sapiens female was not here seeking such a being, but she was seeking. Imagination helped her formulate the possibilities for what would happen when she acquired the entity she was seeking.  She was seeking the protocell, and knew on some quantum level that she had encountered it before.  The protocell had already encountered her, so the meeting would be of no surprise to them when she accomplished her goal.

The female Homo sapiens was of another subset of her kind, the ones who looked at everything around her and saw life.  But not just any kind of life.  She was the kind who looked at the algae, herself and all the beings like her, the lake itself, the flora around her and even the sky and within her own body, life of a smaller sort.   

In the civilized world she occupied in the glory of sunlight, she was known as a ‘microbiologist’.  She was referred to as a designation which was also called a name, a way for one member of her species to distinguish her from other members of species.  This name was known as ‘Gwen Ryan’.  

Here, on the lake she did not have to be a microbiologist or ‘Gwen Ryan’.  She could be who she really was.  A galaxy of life forms were within her.  A galaxy of life forms resided in the lake.  She was solitary, and she was surrounded by unending biota while being the vessel for that many more.  She knew all this, and so resided here in the familiarity of the dark night.  What was a flashlight worth, when all of that was going on, within and without?  

Seeing might be believing, went one of the common Homo sapiens expressions she heard quite often, but believing was proof of nothing but one’s solitary and myopic perceptions.   

Now, how well would that work out in a world decorated with trillions of beings? In this way, her thoughts and the protocell were quite similar.   

With her eyes closed in temporary blindness, the Homo sapiens female called Gwen Ryan in other places could better access her other perceptions.  Auditory, tactile, and olfactory sensations seeped into her being, absorbed in one fashion or another into both the few cells that were human and those myriad that were not.  Some of those members were that of the protocell subspecies.   

The Homo sapiens female had the sensation of being electrified when she was closest to this bioluminescent entity.  She had from the moment she had first encountered it.  In this moment, the scent of water rich in minerals, the distant sounds of owls and coyotes, even the taste of wind carrying what she knew to be numerous microbial life, everything felt as it should be.   

She occupied this space between waking and slumber, the atmosphere of the lake providing its usual congenial state for her to imagine, and to wonder.  Some of the Homo sapiens’ mythology spoke of ‘muses’, a type of deity whose function was to inspire the imagination and creativity of the Homo sapiens, the entity which accessed their higher functions as opposed to their lower ones.   

Perhaps it might best be described that in some sense, this crimson bioluminescence that revealed itself to Gwen Ryan was one such muse.  In the science of mythology and the mythology of science, many aspects overlapped.   

Gwen Ryan was roused out of this meditative state by a change in perception.  It was one she had experienced many times before, and no different today even though each and every time a detail here and a detail there varied. The buoyancy of the boat was replaced by the sense of something solid beneath her.  This occurrence was simply the boat drifting back to the lake’s edge on shallow ground.  There was the sense of entanglement underneath the hull as the boat lodged in a colony of flora.   
This flora were the rhizomes and roots of a dormant plant that showed its head every so often.  The Homo sapiens female had been told by her grandmother, the one who raised her, that it was known as a ‘Nelumbo lutea’, or American lotus.   Her grandmother said that the lotus flower had come to life a lot more often when she was a young girl and not so old as now.    

In all her years at the lake, the Homo sapiens female had the pleasure of seeing it bloom only once, bright yellow like the sun.  But despite its dormancy, she knew it held life.  Winter had its own way of blooming.

As if on cue, a small colony of bats fluttered out of a roost of a nearby hollowed oak.    There was a time when the bats of these parts spent the vast majority of the colder months in torpor.  The legends of old also would talk about the little brown bat being the predominant flying mammal, and in the daylight hours they would be silent.  But that was back in the days when the lake would be nearly frozen over at this time of year, and the Homo sapiens female called Gwen Ryan could only access this place after traipsing through two feet of snow in the woods.     
Winter had a different of way of blooming nowadays.  There was no snow in the woods, and no ice on the lake.  The resident bats were awakening too early.  Or, perhaps a new species had migrated here and was taking root.  Everything was shifting, even in the time of dormancy.

Slowly, something was awakening, both here at the lake and within Gwen Ryan herself.  What exactly was presently unknown to her.  She considered this as she inhaled the smell of decaying flora, and a hint of the brackish water sample she collected.  She shivered, whether of the chill of the last moments of night or some primeval thrill, was uncertain.

After placing her payload at the lake’s edge, the Homo sapiens called Gwen Ryan hauled the boat onto the land, careful to lift it so it caused the least disruption to the biota surrounding it. In the predawn atmosphere, a slight tinge of red caught her eye in synchronicity.  This is when she noticed that the jar of lake water she had obtained and the edges of the American lotus’ rhizomes illuminated the same crimson bioluminescence.    

She stood entranced for a moment, as the earth’s dampness entered her olfactory senses, and the sounds of the owl and the coyotes were mixed in with the sound of roosters beginning their reverie, the border territory between one world and another.   

At the edge of dawn, a slight red tinge appeared far over the horizon.  She could hear the rustling of branches above her as the eagles began to stir.  She saw the owl that ruled this lake stare at her in the last minutes of his nocturnal shift, before he turned his head one hundred eighty degrees towards her, signaling a kind of sign-off.    

The raptor of the night was giving way to the raptor of the day, as the male bald eagle began flapping his wings and the red of the dawn sky grew larger, eclipsing the dark and putting it to bed.  

Night was ending on the lake in the middle of the woods.  The daytime shift of the diurnal beings was about to begin.  The boat that the Homo sapiens female used was put away, and she returned to the world of civilization and literacy that killed with one word.     

She was no longer the solitary Homo sapiens in the middle of the lake calling on a bioluminescent entity.  She was Gwen Ryan, the microbiologist.  Time to switch identities, to live as a shadow in the light.

Everything was as it should be.      


FOUR


Podcast transcripts from Ecosystems Today, a publication and social platform meant to inform rather than sensationalize, to clarify rather than confuse, to unify rather than obliterate. 

Heading: Microbiology Breakthroughs and Innovations

The following is a transcript from our science journalist Ray Buchanan, who conducted an interview with micro-biologist Gwen S. Ryan.   
This is the first of an ongoing series of interviews regarding public health methodologies.  The interviews are designed to educate the public about the microbial global threats our society faces in an ever-changing environment threatened by climate change and pandemics caused by emerging pathogens, both known and unknown. 
 
Buchanan:  I’m conducting an interview with Gwen Ry-an, an up-and-coming microbiologist who is one of many who are pioneering the cutting edge science known as ‘phage therapy’.    

That’s ‘phage therapy’, people.  P-H-A- G as in ‘grape’, E. This is one of the latest novel approaches to disease control, vaccines and other inoculations since the mRNA breakthroughs during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Before I continue, let me give the specs on my distinguished guest, who in full disclosure is also a long-term childhood friend of mine and shared my limited undergraduate college days back at Albany.  

So to you all out there, respect!  She’s Ms. Ryan to you guys.  But since I’m so special, she’s just Gwen to me.  (laughter from Ryan in background)  That being said, besides being a kick-ass double major with a Bachelor’s degree in both microbiology and public health, she also has a Master’s degree in molecular science.  
To those in our audience who are a little rusty on geek-speak, those who specialize in molecular science spend their days in the world of microbes being medical detectives.

Ryan:  I ‘spend my days in the world of microbes’?  Dude, you’re making me sound like a social loser.    

Buchanan: Chill out, girl!  I know you’re no basic female!    

Ryan:  Hah hah, Ray.  Good one.  (Laughter from Buchanan)  Just wanted to counter these stereotypes, you know?  

Buchanan: Which one, that all scientists are social rejects?  Or just the female ones? 

Ryan:  Or the delightful combination of both.  Or even better, she’s there because she’s the resident eye candy.

Buchanan:  (laughing) Stereotypes.  What would social media be without them?  We wouldn’t have any viral videos to justify ganging upon each other.   

But seriously.  Have you observed that science is still a man’s game?  Mostly, anyway.

Ryan:  It is in the sense that for the most part, men are more likely to be in the profession than women.  But politics is the same way, so there you go.

But I’m not really in the game of dissing on men, after all I’m married to one who is a scientist---

Buchanan:  And one of your besties is a man.  Moi.  

Ryan:  You got it.  I think what happens is that people cluster.  They find people they have things in common with them, to group with them.  So, if a field is mostly men, it makes sense that they have a common bond and a female is an outsider.

But that isn’t so strange, a lot of life forms are like that.  They seek a kind of alliance with what is familiar, or at least aids them.  Sometimes both.  Even microbes do that.  

Buchanan: So when groups of similar people pool together, you’re saying that we’re no different than microbes?  

Ryan:  Well, yes.  That would be a good analogy.  We share a lot of characteristics with even the smallest life forms.  Or ones we don’t consider to be life forms, like viruses and prions.  
Buchanan:  Hey, even Mr. Smith in ‘The Matrix’ said we are like viruses.  

Ryan:  He was saying it in a derogatory way.  Not all viruses are deadly.  They might have actually been the progenitors to life.   

Buchanan:  The progenitors to us humans?

Ryan:  Sure.  Viruses are comprised of mainly nucleotides, which is the same composition of our DNA and RNA. 

Buchanan:  Gives a whole new meaning to some Higher Power creating us from dust, right?

Ryan: Sure. That’s one way to put it.  Viruses are essential to life, even to our life as we know it.  

In fact, you could say that without viruses, we would die.  They help keep life in balance, and only a few are actually pathogenic to Homo sapiens.  They have the potential to be deadly, but not all of them are.  

Buchanan:  Just like not all humans are deadly, right?

Ryan:  But they have the potential to be.  
Buchanan:  Not too many people would like to own up to that one.  

Ryan:  Doesn’t take away from reality.  Homo sapiens sapiens is a predatory species.  Against not only other species, but our own as well.   

Buchanan:  An ordinary person sure can do a lot of deadly things.

Ryan:  Sometimes it’s simply because of a sense of superiority allows them to turn a bind eye.   Whether it’s be-cause they think humanity is the crowning achievement, or men are better than women, or women are better than men, it allows them to feel less culpable about the destruction of a group they don’t identify with.  It can be over anything, really.  

But in reality, all life feeds on itself in one way or another.  Which is what I specialize in, to some extent.

Buchanan:  Zombie microbes!

Ryan:  That’s not all that far from the truth, at least in some cases. And yes, zombie microbes do exist.  But that would take a whole other podcast to go into detail about.

Buchanan:  So, tell our audience, Gwen, how a lovely woman like you got into such a business like zombie microbes eating hapless victims.  You’ve mentioned in general that your line of work is a bit short of women.  What or who inspired you to get into this business?  And did you find it a challenge, being outnumbered by the likes of the male half of our species?

Ryan:  In my case, I got lucky.  I had a lot of support and encouragement.  As you know, I was raised by my grandmother, who was a high school biology teacher.

Buchanan:  Aunt Sylvie!  I loved those Sunday night spaghetti and meatball dinners!  The best ever!

Ryan:  Yes, I’m still having an impossible time replicating that one.  Good thing that Peter is a better cook than me.

Buchanan:  Yep, that’s true!  (Buchanan appears to modify tone to speak to audience directly)  Peter Gonzalez is not only a husband who cooks for his kitchen-challenged wife Gwen, he is friend of mine as well.  He travels the world as an epidemiologist for the CDC, documenting trends not only in emerging diseases such as COVID-19 and MERS, but the social factors that lead to them such as population growth and how civilization is contributing and accelerating pandemics and other outbreaks.  

But back to you, my guest of honor.  You know, I feel self-conscious as a man touting your husband’s pedigree when this interview was supposed to be about your work.  Do you find that people dis you in favor for him, like I probably just did inadvertently?  Like say, wow, you must be so proud of your husband and all he does, aren’t you lucky to get such a catch?  Getting back to the whole science is a man’s game thing no matter how many female Starfleet captains they stick on TV.

Ryan:  Oh yeah, I’ve dealt with all of that on occasion.  Mostly they assume that whatever work I’m doing has something to do with him, sort of like his lab assistant on command.  I’ve run into that.  But people are always going to look to criticize an outlier.

Buchanan:  You feel like an outlier?

Ryan:  To be honest, not in a lab setting.  I’m not exactly sure why, but I can tune all of that out mostly when I work.  But Nana Sylvie was a big influence, and I had mentors that helped support me.  Still do.  

Buchanan:  Can you tell us who?  Any influential women, scientist or otherwise?

Ryan:  Sure.  Besides my grandmother Sylvie Ryan, Dr. Joy Beck-Edwards was a major inspiration.  She was my advisor, and is a biologist herself.  

Buchanan:  You work with her now, right?  At least collaborate?

Ryan:  Yes, frequently.  She was the scientist who inspired me about phages, and the concept of symbiogenesis.

Buchanan:  Symbiogenesis!  What a great word and concept.  Now, that theory was proven by another great woman of science, Lynn Margulis?  Explain to the laypeople among us what ‘symbiogenesis’ is.  Otherwise it sounds like someone playing loud cymbals and other percussive instruments accompanying an audible reading of the first book of the Bible.    

Ryan:  Or Phil Collins a bad day. 

Buchanan:  (momentary pause)  Yes, exactly!  That took me a second but yes, that’s good!

Ryan:  So, symbiogenesis, which is also known as ‘endosymbiotic theory’.  To put it simply, it’s a theory that primitive cells created alliances with each other, which led to evolution.   

One way is through a primitive cell being incorporated into the cellular structure of another. Sometimes as food, but very often as a kind of protective alliance of mutual benefit to both structures.     

Another aspect of this kind of cooperation is the loose and free genetic exchange that even today microbes and viruses express, which leads to mutations, many of them quite rapid.     

That’s what Margulis proved, which led to her theory that life was cooperative and not competitive.  That conclusion has come into question...

Buchanan:  Like for one, it doesn’t explain us.  All the dissing that everyone loves to do over espresso and machine guns.

Ryan:  Yeah.  Doesn’t easily explain the human impulse to kill for the hell of it, and why we feed the act on the urge to dominate when we have other options. Though there’s the argument that maybe we as a species are running into a sunset phenomenon.  

Buchanan:  Like, natural selection has decided our time is about up?  No more running about the planet wrecking the place?

Ryan:  Maybe.  On a smaller level, when various species reach a crescendo of population and apparent dominance, their numbers collapse and then new species come in to fill the niche. Doesn’t work so well for the individual species that falls down, but life in general does just fine. The planet doesn’t need Homo sapiens.  Neither does the biosphere, nor the viruses.  But Homo sapiens need them.  We’re just one measly little species in the midst of all of it.  Even the microbes that make us their home can probably find a new house somewhere else.  We’re really not that important in the scheme of things, when it boils down to it.

Buchanan:  That’s my sentiment exactly.  All of our religions tell us that human beings are the crowning achievement of creation and everything led up to us.  But that’s just our imagination!

Ryan:  And our arrogance.  In a certain way, we are no-thing more than a collection of chemicals that house a whole bunch of other chemicals.  All the other conclusions about our importance are mere speculation.   

And yet, considering how important some of us think we are to the scheme of things, you’ll see the same people turn around and say we are too small to really impact the biosphere with our activity.  Like those who say nothing we do impacts climate, even though they raze a rainforest and then wonder why there’s a mudslide two months down the road.   

Buchanan:  Short-sighted and contradictory.

Ryan:  Yes.  We are just another life form, made from DNA and RNA, no different than most microbes and viruses, and absolutely no different than any unicellular nucleic life form.  We’re really no different than algae.  

Speaking about DNA, viruses and my other influences, growing up I was really inspired by Rosalind Franklin.  She was a hero to me, and the reason why I started really believing I could make a difference in the world with science.  

Your audience knows all about who Dr. Franklin is, right?  I’ve heard you talk about her before.

Buchanan:  Yes I have.  But let me give you the honor of explaining to those in our listening audience who are unfamiliar with the work of this extraordinary scientist, in case we have some new listening friends who are dipping their toes into the wonderful pool of science.

Ryan:  Dr. Franklin was the original scientist who discovered the helical shape of DNA, not Watson or Crick.  Getting back to the subject of microbes, Franklin also discovered the novel idea that many viruses comprised of a single polymer strand of RNA. 

Buchanan:  So, interesting.  It amounts to that viruses are genetic code, then, right?   

Ryan:  In a way, yes.  Which is why they have been so useful as phages, natural and synthetic.  

Buchanan:  Yes!  The whole point of this conversation.  Tell us the breakdown of what this ‘phage therapy’ is all about.

Ryan:  Okay.  So, before I get into what phage therapy is, let’s talk about the core ingredients. Starting with DNA and RNA and the polymers they are made of.   

Like I said earlier, DNA and RNA are made up of nucleotides, just the same way that viruses are.  Referring to a DNA or RNA strand as a polymer is a pretty generic term, more or less the glorified remedial scientific version of saying it’s a strand of ‘things’.   

So, what are these ‘things’ supposed to be?  Well, what they comprised of, to put it simply, is a bunch of organic materials.  When referring to a polymer, you’re basically talking about a really large molecule of repeating units of atoms held by covalent bonds.  They can be inorganic, such as in silicon rubber, a hybrid kind that combines both inorganic and organic, such as various types of concrete.   

Then there are the organic polymers which are biological in scope, and are the basic constructs for life forms.  When you talk about nucleotides, you’re basically talking about a biomolecule comprised of three compounds: phosphate, a carbon-based sugar, and kind of molecule with nitrogen as its base.  These compounds are the building blocks of all organic life.  

Buchanan:  Back in the primordial soup down to today, right?

Ryan:  Back in the primordial soup down to this very minute. 

Buchanan:  And DNA and RNA are comprised of these organic polymers.

Ryan:  Yes.  They are present in all cells, otherwise they wouldn’t be able to replicate. 

Buchanan:  So what’s the difference between RNA and DNA?  It’s not as simple as saying RNA is half of a DNA strand, right? 

Ryan:  No.  The nucleotide composition of RNA is not the same as the composition of DNA.   Similar, but not the same.

Buchanan:  And viruses are composed of either an RNA or DNA strand.

Ryan:  Well, no, not exactly.  Some viruses actually are double helix RNA viruses.

Buchanan:  Rotaviruses, right?  The kind that causes the disease gastroenteritis?

Ryan:  Gastroenteritis is caused by only a couple of the groups of those viruses.  Most rotaviruses actually do not cause disease to humans at all. 

Buchanan:  Is that how scientists like you utilize them in phage therapy?

Ryan:  Well, not exactly.  We take advantage of the fact that viruses use all living cells for replication.  That includes bacteria, fungi and protists.

Buchanan:  The difference between these guys has to do with their cellular composition, right?   From what I recall in my public health days, bacteria don’t have nuclei, protists do but are unicellular, and fungi are nucleic entities that usually come in multicellular colonies, right?

Ryan:  That’s generally the gist.  But since they are all made of the same genetic material as all life forms, including us, viruses can utilize them to replicate themselves.  They are made of DNA and RNA, and viruses are either RNA, DNA, or in some cases a kind of combination of both during and after transcription.

Buchanan:  So you’re saying that in essence, since all life needs RNA and DNA, viruses are essential to life and really, might be the first forms of life.

Ryan:  Technically, the antecedent.  Because viruses need cellular life to replicate themselves.    

Buchanan:  But a cell could not exist without the pre-cursor of RNA or DNA.  So which comes first?  The virus or the bacterium?  Talking about blowing away the whole chick-en and the egg riddle.  You’re talking about the first Buddhist koan.

Ryan:  Except Buddhist koans aren’t meant to be answered with logic.  Bacteria and viruses are biological entities, and while we can’t presume to know everything there is to know about them, they are tangential properties that can be investigated using mathematical properties and the scientific method.

Buchanan:  The great void of Buddhism, not so much.

Ryan:  No, at least not if you’re applying a mindset based on faith towards it.   

Buchanan:  It’s like reading the Book of Psalms to find out the biological properties to a novel microbe.

Ryan:  Yes.  Nothing wrong with reading spiritual literature and chatting it up with a Higher Power, but to find out the organic makeup of things, well, maybe you should consult a microscope and a genetic panel instead.

Buchanan:  So, doing this phage therapy.  You basically turn viruses into war machines against microbes that cause disease, right?   

Ryan:  That’s a great analogy.   

Buchanan:  What kind of viruses do you use?  Like, do you use the SARS virus against TB?   That sounds pretty crazy.   

Ryan:  Well, ‘crazy’ is not really the word I would use, but ‘unwise’, yes.  SARS-CoV is a lethal virus that has caused morbidity.  And since there is a whole plethora of viruses that don’t cause pathogenic diseases in Homo sapiens, it’s probably just more logical to sample from that universe than concoct our own Robin Cook novel in the lab.  In fact, we actually grow them.

Buchanan:  Say again?  You have a virus farm some-where?

Ryan:  (laughing) In a way we do.  We culture synthetic nucleotides to target specific receptors on pathogenic cells.

Buchanan:  A whole new way to play Frankenstein!     

What about the reverse transcription?  Do you have any way to get bacteria and the like to attack pathogenic viruses?   

(pause)

Ryan:  Well, you never know, do you?  There’s a whole world out there, a whole universe.  And we’re just its guests until we get uninvited.  We may not really like it, Ray, but the microbes run the show.  

In a way, we are just vehicles for their life processes. 

Buchanan:  Instead of food for the worms, we’re food for the microbes.   

Ryan:  We’re not in control, they are.  After all, they were the first ones here, and we were one of the last.  

Buchanan:  Respect your elders, right?

Ryan:  Yes.  Or else, we’ll get kicked out of the house.  We wouldn’t be the first, and we won’t be the last.  The microsphere will see to it that we aren’t.  

Buchanan:  Absolutely.  We need to be a good guest here on the planet, better than we have been.  That’s what we are, a guest.

(Addressing audience) Well, my faithful podcast listening crew, this is the end of our time together.  As usual, you can give me whatever commentary you want to dish out, believe me, I can take it and if I can take it, my friend Gwen sure can. You know where to find me, and I’ll be waiting for you! Thanks for listening everyone!   

(switches tone) And thank you Gwen!  You’re a star like always.

Ryan:  Ah, yes.  Flattery will get you everywhere, Ray.  See you and Tricia next Saturday?

Buchanan:  You betcha!

(END PODCAST)

Ray Buchanan has been a home health aide, a health inspector for the span of six days, a security guard, and a fast food worker to pay for college books he never used and twenty years later during the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic when beef was but a dream but at least the job paid for his lifelong junkie habit of writing too much.   
Ray’s addiction to words caused him to drop out of college to the despair of his family.  But since he is busy pursuing his life-long dream of being a journalist, they are now happy that he is happy.  At least, they say so every year at the Thanksgiving table.  

Along with fellow writer and lovely bride Tricia Colt, Ray has been featured in a variety of zines, blogs and vlogs and is the co-founder of the podcast Ecosystems Today and the online magazine,  Truthsayer’s Undercover Scribe.  

_____________________

Due to security concerns, this article has been flagged by official channels.  Given the subject’s associations with suspicious individuals regarding suspected bioterrorism, all activities and communications conducted by subject are to be monitored and reported.   Please request any additional assistance that is needed.  Thank you for your cooperation.  


FIVE


The lake in the middle of the woods was tranquil, and the woods that surrounded them were still.  The sun burned low in the solstice sky, and most of the diurnal life forms were uncommonly silent as autumn folded itself into winter in reverence.    
The atmosphere that lent this sacred occurrence was mostly due to the wind, or the lack thereof.  Normally, there would be air currents swooping down from invisible points of the atmosphere, kilometers from the surface of the planet.    

These air currents were vital to the processes called life, regulating temperature, land formation, even for the motion of the pollen that was so necessary for flora to reproduce and survive.  This ensured the survival of the herbivores who consumed the flora.  In turn, this ensured the survival of those predators of the herbivores who consumed the flora.  A perfect feedback loop of survival, a cyclical dance of life.  

These were some, but nowhere near all of the reasons why wind was so necessary for life to survive.   

At the highest points of the planet’s atmosphere where the wind was generated, the protocell existed.  Their function there through their metabolic processes was essential to the currents that ran through the planet.  Not all of the protocell members would live here at this high juncture, but some did.  That was their purpose, and why they were necessary.    

Today here on the lake, the protocell in the highest realms were in a dormant state.  This was because they were in a state of waiting, which happened from time to time even when it wasn’t a paradigm shift of existential proportions.     
Because of this state of dormancy, the winds that were supposed to roar with the harbinger of winter were silent, rendered to a meditative exhalation instead of winter’s tempest of fury.  Because of this silence, it was easy to say that the lake in the middle of the woods was tranquil, and the woods that surrounded them were still.  It might also be easy to say that the woods and the lake were in a state of prayer.  

A description like this about what was taking place at the lake would likely come from a Homo sapiens.  It had more to do with how a hominid such as Homo sapiens might happen upon the scene, and decide that because he or she felt tranquil and still in the atmosphere, everything else was tranquil and still as well.    
With this thought process going on, it would be easy for a Homo sapiens animal to be lulled into a state of denial about death and extinction.  To decide that nothing bad could happen when all was so peaceful, so placidly full of life.

This was called the ‘anthropocentric’ way of interpreting life.  This simply meant interpreting the world only through the eyes of Homo sapiens.   Again, this all had to do with Ho-mo sapiens’ personal vision quest.  If they saw stillness with their eyes, then all was still.  The entire biosphere would be thus reduced to the simplest of code, an ‘if - then’ command.  

But of course, nothing was truly tranquil and nothing was completely still at the lake, now or ever.  Even if a Homo sapiens animal stood in silent reverence at the edge of the lake contemplating the meaning of it all, nothing would be truly tranquil and completely still within that person either.   

Nothing really stood still, even the supposed ‘object at rest’ looking for a force outside of itself to get itself jogging once more.  Nothing, even the dead or the boulder of ten thousand years and ten thousand pounds, ever remained still.   
Dormancy was like that, whether it was a volcano building up magma incrementally before awakening, or the wintertime hibernation of flora and fauna before the dawning of equilibrium’s morning.   

It could be the genetic code of a microbe, lurking in the depths of the zircon crust that cradled the lake, consuming the elements surrounding it and shedding genetic particles here and there, once every hundred years or so.   

Beyond the scope of a typical span of a Homo sapiens’ lifetime, yes.  But, to a microbe whose genetic imprint was billions of years old, this ‘hundred years’ was barely any time at all.   

So, nothing here was as it seemed.  It was a grand illusion to one who relied only on limited time, limited scope and limited vision.  Everything here was something else, or more accurately, more than what it was.  Everything here could be an object of creation, or that of disaster.  Everything here could be the object that could bring equilibrium.  

Including the protocell, lying in wait here and there, dispersed so widely it was unseen.   And yet it was everywhere here, no matter how unlikely it seemed on the supposedly tranquil surface.  The first of all creation, the first of all destroyers, the first of all that had brought equilibrium to it all.   

A life form that small, yet so powerful.  But yet, this was always as it had been. Everything was greater than it seemed.    

It was also smaller than they could imagine as well.  Because no force could be acted upon another, without that other reacting in kind.  Because all things were in motion, nothing was truly a passive actor, or at least could be forced into being less than it was without the perpetrator being reduced along with it.    

This is why equilibrium was more than everything staying exactly the same.  Because nothing and no one ever did.  Every moment of creation was the death of another one.  Life and death required each other, and the protocell knew all of this even in the stillness of dormancy. 

To that end, near the cracks of the sapphire planet’s rocky bed here on the zircon crust and throughout the planet could exist a life form that formed the first metabolic function, of transformation from atom to cell.  That by the function of metabolism, it spawned the concept of life. 

To that end, clouds of gray that seemed so motionless could be incubators of a newly spawned life.  Or the home of one of the oldest.  

To that end, lurking in the cells of blood and other defensive regions of Homo sapiens, there could be a slumbering resident so vital to the hominid species that without this guest, Homo sapiens would be rendered extinct.   

Perhaps this all could be, because perhaps it was all true.  And perhaps, strange as it could be, all three were really one.   

This concept of triple play was read through many myths of Homo sapiens, but myths had a way of being true without the badge of empiricism that the mythology of scientific method employed.      

Consider the element of iron.  Depending on the variance of temperature, iron could be sturdy and solid.  It could exist in a viscous kind of state, as well as such a state of atomic dispersal that Homo sapiens would have to resort to its sense of smell to detect it.  Despite this triple play of variant states, the essence was iron no matter if one could pound it with a fist or barely register it as a faint whiff on a sleeping breeze.   

The hydrogen-oxygen molecule known as ‘water’ existed in a similar paradox of illusion, even though by its very semantic, the word ‘water’ and its many other descriptions implied a solitary state of liquid.    

In a state of evaporation, in the realm of the sky protocell, it existed in a state of ‘vapor’, which was not quite gaseous in the most technical sense but was close enough for most Homo sapiens to be satisfied.   

For millennia, the protocell had been in a dormant state, each of the three subspecies in a state that in scientific terms was known as ‘nonmotile’.  This did not preclude mitosis, or any of the metabolic activities that it regulated.    
Homo sapiens had a term that described the function of the protocell, even though up until now, its existence had been unknown to them.  They called it a ‘macrophage’.  

Each of these three subspecies acted as cellular regulators.   Over billions of years, each of these three would migrate from species to species to create the perfect balance of entropy and equilibrium.  Generally speaking, when all was in balance, this is when the deepest depths of hibernation took place.   
Hibernation was essential for each of the serotypes to maintain their identity. Else, with the flux of genetic exchange and mutations that all microbes experienced, the protocell would have been overrun by the very children they had created.  The child would have been master of the parent, and only anarchy could result when the ignorant dominated the wise.     

This is where hibernation, and thus dormancy worked in tandem for the protocell to remain exactly as it was even as time itself evolved to exist from nowhere.  

As was true of the illusion that silence meant no sound, the same was true of that the illusion hibernation and the lack of motility for the protocell in any of its forms meant nothing at all was taking place within their cellular walls.  The opposite was true, that in a state of dormancy, much took place.   

In the case of the third subspecies of the protocell, the one which lived in Homo sapiens, a ‘macrophage’ was exactly what they were.   

Living within all physiological boundaries of the hominid’s immunity regions, this third protocell subspecies calmly rummaged and consumed the detritus in its wake. It had managed to camouflage itself in its dormancy, so the third protocell subspecies remained undetected by its host, a game of predation and wits.  

The protocell had created symbiosis, and with that simultaneously created the relationship of predator and prey.  In creating the process of life, death had to follow suit.  For life was always hungry to feed itself, perhaps even more ravenous than when death held life in its jaws.   

On this the longest night, here in the northern half of the rocky planet that glittered sapphire blue, this symbiosis of opposites converged with the living and the dead.  Life continued its evolution and its devolution.  The protocell in their three iterations facilitated the entire cycle of this vitality.  Soon, a new inception of their offspring would spawn.     

The long night of dormancy was nearly over. 


SIX


TO:  ████
CC: ████
FROM: ████████
RE: 	‘Operation Sunset’ 

Thank you for considering our proposal for population containment and possible extermination of Homo sapiens.  We have responded to you on your secure server as requested.  

As former members of the ‘pacifist’ voluntary human extinction movement ‘Into The Long Night’, we believe that passively waiting for humanity to extinguish themselves in a peaceful way is nothing more than sheer nonsense, a fluffy meme that sounds good on paper and digital newsfeeds but is about as fanciful as calling global warming an emergency and a crisis then flying around in planes and driving gas guzzlers as usual.  Or whining about high taxes but then allowing gov-ernment officials to spend billions of dollars on military infrastructures.  All this proves is one is ‘woke’ so it looks good to people one wants to impress, but gets nothing constructive done about the issue at hand.

If the planet and its environs are to be spared any more torture from this sadist species, and if anyone is really serious about the concept of humans leaving the planet alone so it can heal, then the only objective is to eliminate the threat completely as quickly as possible with minimal damage to the rest of the biome of the planet.  There is only one major solution that would satisfy these kinds of requirements, and we believe we have found the most vital component that will serve to execute these measures.

This is what has been the intent of our founder since the beginning, and we now offer it to you.

We have obtained a copy of the documents of our founder’s original intent for an extinction event.  It is unfortunate that he has appeared to have become more erratic in his commitment to the objectives due to failing neurological health.   

All written documents verify the original sentiment, along with the provision that in case of wavering commitment to the cause due to the deteriorating conditions, our founder wished to  continue with what was originally proscribed for the health of the biosphere by containing the pollutive influence of Homo sapiens.

Our founder’s objectives have insisted that now is the time to act.  We concur with this paradigm, extremist as it is to those who believe Homo sapiens keeps deserving unending chances to continually destroy everything else around itself.  Homo sapiens is a cancer that needs to be contained immediately before the rest of the ecosystem is stripped bare from this foolish ape’s narcissistic joy-ride.  

Up until this particular moment, the most important aspect to excise the tumor of humanity from the patient of the biosphere has been missing.  Means such as nuclear warfare and other conventional mechanisms of mass casualty events would result in the collateral damage of those species already suffering at the hands of the handiwork of humanity’s supposed advanced accomplishments.  This has resulted in such exemplary consequences as habitat destruction, climate change and air pollution that is already choking most of the biosphere to death.  If we are to take out the garbage, it is imperative to not take out the rest of the planet’s ecosystems like so much by-catch.  There is nothing good about healing the biosphere’s wounds from humanity if we kill of what is left in the process while doing so.  Thus, up until this time there had been no means to execute our plan.  

We believe, and hope that you will concur that this possible discovery of the one mechanism that will incinerate the threat that humanity poses is an exciting development in our cause.  Natural selection has created a convergence to balance the scales and we look forward for you to examine this new development.

This is fortunate, because the time is getting short and the emergency is dire.  The pandemic of Homo sapiens must end, and must be carried out at a vastly earlier time frame than is recommended by the so-called pacifist extinction movement if anything other than man’s best friends the rat and the cockroaches have a chance at surviving in more than sulfuric soup.  

The time to act is now, as we search for the best weapon to vaporize this weapon of mass destruction that has the audacity to call itself humanity.  

We look forward to your reply to our proposal.

_____________________


RE: ‘Operation Sunset’ proposal and verification

We have verified your proposal at length, including the manifesto of your founder and other abstracts that hypothesize your offer.  Your premise is intriguing, and though unrealistic it is not inconceivable as a project.  We believe that even if it works on a limited basis it will create a direly needed paradigm shift from the rabid trajectory currently in place.  If your proposal can remain contained to Homo sapiens exclusively, that would be ideal to dovetail with our objectives as well.

When you have obtained the requisite material and personnel, we will further explore your program.  Until then, we request you refrain from any further contact for security purposes on both our sides.  Thank you and good luck.

(END TRANSMISSION)


SEVEN

	
Preparation of the extinction order for Homo sapiens was currently underway.	
In the depths of oceanic trenches and ancient bedrock, in the water vapor high in the atmosphere and the waters that covered the planet of sapphire blue, and in the very physiology of Homo sapiens themselves, the ancestor species known as the protocell was at work.

This extinction order would be a product of balance.  All three protocell serotypes were unified their primary purpose of equilibrium.  All three protocell serotypes were aware that Homo sapiens were running towards a slow collective suicide.  In these moments before the death sentence was handed down, the three protocell serotypes collaborated and cooperated to detail the endgame that would be played out on the world stage.   

Through this strategy that they planned, you might even say they were only giving Homo sapiens what they wanted.  Which was, to kill themselves off.  It was simply the protocell’s job to make sure that if Homo sapiens succeeded in this suicide, and if they did not answer the riddle the ancestor species would pose to them, that the bipedal mammal swallowed their poison in such a way that it didn’t take out everything else with them.  The extinction order might even be a gift of generosity to all involved, Homo sapiens included.  

Does this existence of the concepts of ‘unification’, ‘awareness’, ‘collaboration’, ‘cooperation’, and ‘generosity’ being practiced by an insignificant speck seem too ridiculous to believe?   

A microbe was too stupid to know anything, or so went the mentality of many Homo sapiens who bothered to think of such things.  They had no character.  No personality.  In fact, they were more insipid than even the dumbest animal.  Who invented the smartphone, anyway?

A microbe would never be capable of any of these things, the way a Homo sapiens animal could be.  ‘Natural selection’ had no mind, and had no plan, said those Homo sapiens who subscribed to the religion of science.  Humanity had been created as ‘God’s highest achievement’, said those Homo sapiens who subscribed to the science of religion.   

Just witness the empirical evidence of all that humanity had done to the earth and all that surrounded them, if any other lowly beings needed proof!  

All of this posturing, not surprisingly, was misguided.  There were other ways of knowing besides what the blindness of Homo sapiens created.  In the scheme of things, the chains resulting from the doomed species’ ignorance were only one blink of an eye blinded by the falsetto of artificial creation.  One blink that would wither like grass in the field and fallen flowers, to paraphrase a Homo sapiens prophet who was sawed in half like a tree for speaking the truth.  
Prophets always sounded better if they had been slaughtered, it seemed.  The bloodier, the better.    

The soil contained many of these fallen and reconstituted them into new life, consuming the blood and bodies of those who had come before.  The myriads of life forms that lived in the lake in the middle of the woods understood this in their hectic exchange of goods, as did all the little critters in the humus of broken down cellular walls and genetic codes conjoining in new configurations so new paradigms and species were born.    

Witness countless generations in the span of one planetary revolution of the sun as flurries of genetic lore and messages flooded across the biosphere.  They did this through genetic exchange and mutation.  You could say it was their own way of passing memes down through the years, the absolute earliest form of writing.  
Ghosts were not really shadows if they contained the living with them, and every new species was only a continuation of the old.  From the first true genetic exchange between the protocell to create the daughter cells of a new species to the newest one that was about to be created to enable the execution code of Homo sapiens, everything was a shadow of what was the light before them, and the light before the shadow that was to come.   All species that ever existed contains the ghosts of their ancestors.   

All species, except the protocell in its triplicate form.   

The protocell serotypes were ancestor and ghost, almost like both death in life and life in death at the same time.  Small wonder that they had been employed as a kind of executioner. 

The creation of daughter cells to exterminate Homo sapiens was a simple affair. The protocell had been employed to carry out this mission before, and in that respect this was just another metabolic function.  There was no joy in creating such a weapon.  But, there would be no sorrow, either.

Mind you, the creation of the daughter cells did not mean that the billions of Homo sapiens that teemed on the planet would drop dead in one fell swoop.  It could mean this, as the code of their ancestors were within every cell in their bodies, as written by the protocell serotype that currently resided in the physiology of the doomed species.  In fact, the mutative process that created the daughter cells did not even mean that one individual would fall prey to the exterminators, at least not yet.    

There was a method of incubation, a time of waiting.  Much like a professional ball player whose entire career consisted of sitting on the sidelines while garnering a pay-check, it was possible that the daughter cells would never play ball, depending on the game that was played out.   
These were the two extremes.   

Most likely, what would take place would be something in the middle.  It would depend on Homo sapiens themselves, to some extent.  An extermination order that resulted in a culling did not necessarily mean that the species would be obliterated.    

As mentioned before, there were the cyanobacteria, who had been humbled by the metabolic processes that the protocell utilized.  Or, take the mating pair of the bald eagles.   Somewhere deep in the genetic code of their nuclei and mitochondria existed the roar of the dinosaurs, long dead and buried in bones of sand.    

In fact, much of what was fated to happen to Homo sapiens would be as the result of what Homo sapiens chose to do about themselves, and for themselves.  And if the doomed species by their own actions chose extinction, the protocell species that resided within them would embark upon a migration to the one of the oldest reservoirs that currently existed.  The members of the third protocell serotype had made this trip before, and would do it again if necessary for their own survival.  
To the third subspecies of the protocell which presently resided in Homo sapiens, the map of the human body was as complicated as an individual Homo sapiens’ routine walk from a residence to the neighborhood grocery store.  It was territory they knew well.  

If and when extinction orders were implemented and the execution date went on as scheduled, only a few members of the third protocell serotype would be needed to stay behind to oversee the mission that would take place.  To ensure that only the doomed species died, they needed to oversee the evacuation of many, many microbial species that currently resided in the ecosystem of human physiology.  Some of these species, like the third protocell serotype, had made the Homo sapiens their exclusive domain.  Most members of Homo sapiens were so oblivious and obtuse in their arrogance, that the concept of being more microbial than human was less believable to them than the idea of being the descendants of little green men in flying saucers.   

Denial of a fact, however, did not not mean that denial made the fact nonexistent on its own merits.  Denial was an attitude based on blindness, but reality always lurked behind its shadows waiting.

If only one species was to go extinct, the survival of these other beings had to be protected and redirected to other habitats.   After all, if a house was about to burn to the ground, wouldn’t it be a good idea to make sure all the kids made it out safely before the rafters collapsed?

When the first daughter cells emerged from the genetic stasis they had been contained in,  their first run on the play-ground would be a limited one, brief in time, brief in location. The busyness of the world went about on its superhighway, as the daughter cells tested out their new powers, hidden from the world.
Homo sapiens went about their business all throughout the planet, unaware of the imperceptible cellular makeover taking place within themselves.  The prophets who had come before had been silenced and laughed at, and now Homo sapiens wished to deny their death wish in a bloodthirsty flame of fire.     

Does it seem cruel and heartless that the first true form of life was willing to condemn a whole species to extermination?   

Only if life was comprised of all that was fluffy and sweet and nothing resembling an iron fist, would this be true.  Only if life was only about Homo sapiens, and that their reckless rampage was only about the bloodshed they wreaked on their fellow humans, worshiping the victor while wiping blood from their hands saying, ‘we did nothing wrong’.    

To put it another way: if the protocell was about protecting life, and there was a clear and present danger to kill all life, would it not make sense to eliminate the cancer that threatened to consume everything around it?  Even a blindly arrogant species bent on violent suicide such as Homo sapiens knew better than that.   
If Homo sapiens was going to kill itself off as it apparently wanted to, it was the protocell’s mission to make sure they were directed in such a way that they didn’t take out the rest of the biosphere with them.  The daughter cells knew this, even if Homo sapiens didn’t know it themselves.  There were all kinds of knowing, more than Homo sapiens knew in their ignorance.

Every day of destruction spawns from an embryonic sliver of time.  Every death has its own birth.   

In the birth, the dying begins.  


EIGHT


There once existed a village that was important to only a few.   

When the village was alive, its residence was within a place that Homo sapiens called a ‘rainforest’.  Dense foliage lived here, hiding a world that fascinated many who lived in jungles of concrete in regions both near and far away.  Fauna and flora unseen anywhere else resided in a precarious way in this most special place, a biome of wordless poetry whose lyrics resonated in the hearts of any who listened.  Many considered this ‘rainforest’ to be ‘the lungs of the planet’.  
This biome called ‘rainforest’ fascinated many of the Homo sapiens.  It was revered, it was harvested, it was slaughtered, it was pleaded over, it was bled over.  Many in the world of concrete jungles imagined it to be a paradise to protect or a scourge to eliminate.  Such was the state of a prophet, it was loved by some and loved more when it was slaughtered.  Literature spoke of the rainforest, and spoke of nature’s vengeance against all that Homo sapiens did.  And sometimes, that literature was written on the skeletons of the rainforest.  Now, that should make some kind of special story, yes?  

Prophecy and poetry always sounded beautiful when you could give it some applause and close the book on it to go on to the next story.  That, in effect, was what this place was.  Excellent poetry to sing over a campfire, made of the bones that once had given the rainforest lungs to breathe and a biome to support.

Besides species venerated and threatened, hives of microbes lived here in the rainforest. Many of them, in fact.  Some would fit Homo sapiens’ definition of ‘life’.  ‘Life,’ as defined by the doomed species, was any species which maintained some semblance of independent metabolic processes, and was able to replicate itself in one way or another without hijacking the mechanisms of another species.   

By this definition, other kinds microbes fell into a hybrid state, midway between inert minerals such as silicate and those other metabolic species that were awarded the ‘life’ label.   Specifically, ‘viruses’ and ‘prions’ were awarded this middle state of neither hot nor cold.  Both of these discarded children were only inducted into the microbe posse reluctantly, being that they didn’t quite measure up to their lifelike buddies, such as the bacterium E. coli, in the whole vitality game.     
One particular member of this hybrid microbial genre was a virus that lived here in the rainforest.  This microbe had been discovered by Homo sapiens in a gravelike watery cradle not so long ago.  Homo sapiens stumbled upon this virus in a concrete jungle not so far away, and decided that this was called a ‘Yaravirus’, a name bestowed in honor of a water goddess that few Homo sapiens heeded, let alone believed in.   

Homo sapiens decided it was a ‘novel virus’, because they never had seen it before or encountered the marvel of its genetic code before, which automatically made the whole thing shiny and new even if it had been in existence for billions of years before.   

They called it a ‘giant virus’, because it was one of the largest ones Homo had had seen. And if Homo sapiens decided that this was one of the largest viruses ever seen, well then.  It must be that the virus was one of the largest that had ever been!

It just went to show you how little Homo sapiens knew in the hubris of their myopic vision.

For millennia, the microbe known as the ‘Yaravirus’ lived here and there in what had been the village in the rainforest, along with all its other colleagues in its respective biome.  This rainforest and its Homo sapiens inhabitants had been through much, through decimation and wildfire, disease and warfare.  There had been siege and conquest, despair and restoration.     

Perhaps in a way, the ‘Yaravirus’ had been a token of their resilience, their muse.  Or, perhaps it was not.  But it had been here, and the protocell long before that. 
The village and its Homo sapiens had been here for centuries, until the single day when the first warning shot would be fired upon the species that was on trial for execution.

The life of the villagers here had always been tough and raw.  They had lived so close to the shadow of death, that they felt the spirit of their ancestors speaking through the skeletons of trees and the dust of the earth.  

That had been fine for them to live that way, though that opinion was only theirs and no one else’s, or at least to no one important enough to make decisions for everyone else.  Freedom only extended past the nose of one's face.  

This village, when it existed, only knew true freedom until the moment the albino children of other unseen gods arrived without warning with poison bows that shot minuscule arrows that exploded within the bone and guts of the people.  Who needed little green men in metal tin cans landing from Mars, when you could have these fine illegal aliens come over uninvited and wreck the place?  

So, death had come here once before, and the survivors had put together a life once again.  In a way, the survivors of this village sported the kind of resilience that a good beneficial mutation of genes would offer.  The Yaravirus and the pro-tocell had been here too, surviving natural selective processes and living among and near the people of the rainforest as well.

As it went, the ones who had lived through it all were the kind of people who survived pathogens previously unknown to them that caused morbid disease, such as ‘smallpox’ and ‘common colds’.   

They even had survived the warning shot of the unheeded prophetic microbe, the one that Homo sapiens had labeled ‘SARS-CoV-2’.  This microbe basically caused a ‘common cold’ on morbid steroids, and the inhabitants here absorbed that messenger into their system such a manner that would earn them the label ‘asymptomatic carriers’ by their urban friends in space suits.   

Yes, the inhabitants of this makeshift village had survived many plagues and pestilences.  They put their ears to the ground to hear their ancestors.  They looked to the skies and the rivers, conferring with the spirits of tears and deities such as the aforementioned Yara.  They had over the years in the past sliced open their veins and consumed the flesh of the living, to sacrifice to elders as well as that the child god nailed to a tree by occasionally nailing themselves as well.  They accepted the venom bite of the bullet ant to dispel weakness they believed that spoke in spirits, though they had no name for the call. The people that had lived in this village, in a way, had paid homage to the protocell.    

João was one of those people.  He had been a fisherman, trading with smaller outposts of villages up and down the river.  Once or twice, while engaging in river travel, he felt he had heard music, a song that he had wondered had been that of Yara.  He had never spoke of the song, not out of fear but a sense that the song had been only for him.  Over the years, he had taken the bite of the bullet ant more than once, like many other men he knew.  He believed it had cured him of fear, as he had been afraid of the screaming capuchin monkeys and had been laughed at by his peers. 

João knew now what he did not know then, that he had been more afraid of the rejection by his people than of any threat the monkeys posed.  Maybe it was his time on the river that he learned this lesson, when he heard the songs that no one else heard and whom he told no one about.  

In any event, he was no longer afraid of either his people or the monkeys.  The bullet ants made sure of that, or perhaps the gods had, whatever name they spoke by.  When he had ac-cepted the rite, he believed one day, he knew death would come.  
And of this, he was not afraid either.

Into this world of survivors and those made brave by the bite of a tiny insect, the day of disaster began.  For today, the spawning of reckoning would begin, here in this place, by the spirits they knew, of the ground, of the skies, and the blood that spilled from their veins.

From an abyss too small to see but so enormous the planet was but a gumdrop swallowed whole within it, the rush of silent violence began.  One by one, the villagers fell.  Some were taken out when the lungs that once brought them the strength of oxygen drowned and suffocated them in too much water, a kind that one would never drink, dying in a flood.  

Others faced an opposite fate, hemorrhaging so much vomit and diarrhea that their stomachs began to expel the essence of their tissue into the bowels of the earth and their intestines ruptured and collapsed unseen within themselves, a meadow dehydrating into a desert.  

Still others experienced flood and drought simultaneously, like a country burning with uncontrolled wildfires in its north and drowning in floods in its south.  Or, an island evaporating in the fiery liquid of lava from what was a tranquil peak calling to the gods.  

The superlative mutated genes that had protected these survivors from all that had attacked them collapsed, defeated and succumbed to the birth of death.  Once hearty and strong, the villagers were as chattel herded together for slaughter by the smallest of forces until less than half remained, and these ones no longer had the strength within themselves to remain among the carcasses that rattled with a madness of death.  

And thus, the village died. 

Such random mayhem seems to demand explanations and speculations, so here are some. Perhaps the violent death of innocents was a mercy kill.  The deaths had been violent, but swift. No violence ever feels brief, mind you.  But there are those who live decades without a soul, and there is no mercy in that fate and no reprieve.  When death bleeds out one slow cell of humanity invisibly day by day, one pretends life moves quickly so the death can be forgotten.  This is called denial, when one is bled dry in drips rather than floods.  

Now, that is a death that is longer than eternity.  But a day of bloodshed is after all, only a day.

There is an edict that states but for the elect, the time of judgment is limited so that the chosen will not weaken too much.  Perhaps this was in the mind of the one who knew time before it was even imagined.  A violent but unseen version of what might call a rapture, where the blessed are taken out before the real curse comes to be.  This would have some logic to it, because the day the village died was really and literally a day.  

And for the survivors who fled or were elsewhere, it was all over before they knew what happened.  Much different than what was declared to come.  So, perhaps it was some-thing along the idea of those whom the gods love, die young.  Or in this case, early.  

João was a witness to all of this, a witness to a blood rite which made all others seem juvenile in comparison.  The day of death had come, and the screams of the capuchins that had haunted him in his youth were now replaced by the screams of the boys who had once taunted him for his fear.  João saw both clearly even as night fell, both merging into a demon call that once had kept him awake with terror.    
Perhaps he had never been afraid of the call of the capuchins.  Perhaps he had never been afraid of the boys taunting him for his weakness.  Perhaps his terror had been a harbinger that this day of doom would come.
The day of death was finished.  The village was finally silent.  Now, the village that few had cared about was silent.   

João still could hear the voice of the song that belonged only to him in his head. It was now a scream.  All things end in sacrifice, one day or another.  The song had prepared him.  The song had warned him.  

And now the day had come, a day of fire, water and blood.  


NINE


CONTAINMENT OF EMERGING PATHOGENS THROUGH DIGITAL MICROBIAL MAPPING AND BIOGEOGRAPHY OF DISEASE CLUSTERS

AUTHORS: D. Nathan Edwards, PhD/MD, Joy Beck-Edwards, PhD, Gwen S. Ryan, MS, and Steven Lee, BS

SUMMARY: Pinpointing brushfires of disease clusters before they emerge into larger scale wildfire outbreaks has always been a goal for epidemiology.  Using all metrics at our disposal and collaboration of data between countries and other municipalities is essential in preventing the next pandemic.  Transparency, rather than concealment, should be the goal and is more in the public’s interest. Empirical data, rather than fearmongering or denial, should be offered on all levels, locally and internationally.  

Below is a compilation of data taken from an international consortium of public and private medical organizations, as well as several NGOs and the so-called ‘folk-accounts’ of several survivors.  Genetic panels and microbial forensics were utilized to map biological samples and mapping of clusters, as well as PCR (polymerase chain reaction) methods (Ryan, Lee) and CRISPR (genetic editing) techniques (Beck-Edwards)

It is the primary author’s (Edwards) testimony that these data be considered as theoretical evidence that an emerging pathogen could be a potential threat on a global level.       

ABSTRACT  OF  INTERMITTENT  COMMON   SOURCE OUTBREAK FINDINGS 

BACKGROUND: Suspected intermittent common source out-breaks resulting in an estimated 60 percent fatality rate in remote locales of Brazil, India and South Sudan.  Forensics worked with the hypothesis that a common pathogen caused morbidity and disease due to the simultaneous timing of all three outbreaks.  
Complications with this hypothesis include the disparate climatic regions all three outbreaks took place, and the wide range of geographical distance of between the hot zones.  Despite this, scientists unilaterally hypothesized that these outbreaks had a common pathogenic source.

Symptoms consisted of massive diarrheal discharge resulting in extreme dehydration, respiratory symptoms such as coughing with mucus and pulmonary edemata.  Symptoms that led to death were caused by extreme dehydration due to massive diarrhea, pneumonia and pulmonary hemorrhaging and inflammation, and in some cases renal failure.   

Medical personnel at the scenes were dispatched utilizing full face masks and protective clothing to prevent aerosol contamination.  In first suspecting hantavirus during the eight weeks of biological fieldwork, exposed medical workers were quarantined past that initial time span until it was determined no infection was present in the workers.  No new cases were reported after the initial morbidity, and have been contained to the remote clusters.  Hantavirus and various other known pathogens have been dismissed as biological agents in the out-breaks.    
Survivors who arrived in urban communities seeking medical treatment have appeared to not cause any additional casualties of this outbreak.  No medical personnel dispatched to the hot zones have reported symptoms of the disease.  It is unknown if the pathogen has burned out or gone underground into a reservoir.  Given the preliminary results of multiple antigen and antibody tests of local residents, the former scenario is more likely, but all personnel in the hot zones are requested to wear protective gear as a precaution.  

METHODS: Cell cultures were obtained from both surviving and deceased patients by using nasal swabs, blood, mucus and fecal samples.  Urinalysis was completed on surviving individuals to determine renal complications.  Due to the unknown nature of the pathogen and extreme morbidity, initial tests were conducted in BSL-4 laboratory settings before a determination was made.  As previously mentioned, exposed medical workers were decontaminated and kept in isolation until they were determined to be asymptomatic.  Forensics and antigen tests on biological samples from medical workers also yielded no known active pathogenic agent.   Because of these results, it is believed that human-to-human transmission is minimal at this time.  

RESULTS: Although antibodies for hantaviruses were found in all victims of the outbreak regardless of morbidity, a higher count of antibodies were found in fecal samples of Vibrio cholerae.  Additionally, all four serotypes of the HPIV (Human parainfluenza) antibodies were found in mucus and nasal cultures.  However, the pathogenic load of both diseases were relatively low and may be the result of previous infections, unrelated to the current outbreaks.  Further investigation is still warranted at this time.

Although not conclusive, results reflect a contagion that is anthropocentric and not zoonotic at this time.  Antibodies of zoonotic diseases were found in all individuals sampled, but yielded no consistent pathogen, which indicates antibodies were due to a previous infection and unrelated to current outbreaks.

The unusually high morbidity has been determined not to be due to extreme virulence but because the possible twin outbreak of both acute bacterial and viral infections weakened the immune systems of affected individuals too severely to recover.  The 60 percent fatality rate, while alarming at first glance, is not an unheard of statistic for untreated cholera but is rare and cause for concern.    

At this stage, samples have been sent to outside labs for further analysis to further investigate microbial properties of both pathogens, and to confirm initial findings from the original forensics team.

Epidemiologists and field biologists are still in place and on the scene to conduct further analysis.  All personnel are requested to work with local authorities, but containment measures are still in place until the method of pathogenic transmission and disease agent properties have been determined. 

D. Nathan Edwards is a consulting physician and medical officer for several divisions that operate as CDC/WHO and PAHO (Pan American Health Organ-ization)/WHO Collaborating Centres.  Joy Beck-Edwards is a bioengineer specializing in gene editing and a professor at the Catskill Medical University.  Gwen S. Ryan is a micro-biologist who specializes in phage therapy utilizing bacterio-phages through gene editing and endosymbiosis.  Steven Lee is a post-grad researcher of emerging patterns through digital mapping and gene editing at the Catskill Medical University.      
This article was submitted as testimony for budget funding and research grants and as evidence for a possible emerging pandemic to biosecurity departments in several countries (DNE/JB-E).  It is available on all social media platforms and the authors welcome any and all inquiry and commentary.    

_____________________

To: Gwen Ryan

From: Joy Beck-Edwards

Cc: Joy Beck-Edwards, Nathan Edwards, Steven Lee, 	Peter C. Gonzalez, Tara McPherson, Jane Redmond, 	Alexios Almeida, Jacques Henri

Hey all, just a heads-up that Nathan submitted the testimony from the reported outbreaks.  Not sure what will happen with the data, you know how the wheels of bureaucracy move like molasses, especially since it looks like the disease (or diseases) may be burning out, as there are no new reported cases.  If it is, good news for all of us, and maybe you can get to come home (I’m talking to you, Peter!).  In the meantime, Gwen is working on the genetics of some of the microbes she’s harvested.  Any more data you can provide for us will be welcomed, and we will be sure to share what we find with you.    

Take care all, Joy

_____________________

To: Joy Beck-Edwards

From: Gwen Ryan

Hi Joy, glad to hear that Nathan got the data out.  The samples I have still seem to be yielding the same antibodies, so I’m looking to sift through some of the samples to see if I can get the unifying cell to unlock the key.  Hopefully the officials will take the data seriously, so we can see if any pattern is taking place.  Peter seems to be doing okay, but I don’t hear much from him due to the lousy signals.  Thanks for the info and talk later.  Gwen


To: Gwen Ryan

From: Joy Beck-Edwards

Glad you’re doing okay, Gwen.  You make sure you do what you need to for yourself, and I will keep you updated about what’s going on here.   Will see you this weekend, all right?  Talk to you then.  Love, Joy

_____________________

TO: ██████████ (CODE 2)

FROM: ██████████ (CODE 3)

CODE 3:  We have gotten to the ‘hot zones’ and collected the requisite samples.  

CODE 2:  Do the data reflect what has been reported? That it is contained to Homo sapiens, not zoonotic?

CODE 3:  Possibly.  And no further cases have been re-ported as of yet.

CODE 2:  That can work to our advantage, especially if it dies out completely.  We’ll provide our own evidence that will show that they all blundered.

CODE 3:  Make them look like the alarmists?

CODE 2:  Yes, exactly.  After COVID-19, no one in the public is going to want to hear about another pandemic that screeches everything to a halt, even if it is for real.  If we can spin the die-off into a false alarm and discredit their data, that’s even better.  It will make everyone happy that they can go about their merry business without worry, and we can go ahead with our plan, especially if what was found can be replicated.  It’s exactly the agent needed to get this plan off the ground and clean up the place.  

CODE 3:  I always said, I love a good sunset.   

CODE 2:  Keep your eye on the prize.  It’s going to work out.   

(END TRANSMISSION)


TEN


After their first strike upon the doomed Homo sapiens, the daughter cells retreated back to dormancy and safety within the third serotype of the protocell.    

The daughter cells might be a compendium and combination of all three serotypes of protocell.  But the third was where they took refuge, like a womb.   

This was as it should be.  This had been the purpose of the daughter cells to do exactly as they had, to blitz the target with a quick burst and immediately retreat back to the mother ship, so to speak.  
They had executed these objectives with the precision that could be expected from the direct descendant that contained the genetic markers and pedigree of the protocell.    

And so, to dormancy the daughter cells returned, awaiting the next stage in the dance they would partake in.  For now, slumber.  Everything was shifting for the protocell, and rest was sorely needed.  

In the world that Homo sapiens occupied, everything was shifting as well.  Which was as it was supposed to be, like autumn turning itself to winter in one place, spring imploding from a violent heat it never was expected to cope with into the flames of summer in another.  Like it was before spring was incinerated, leaving only its ashes in its wake.  Like it was in the days when there were leaves that could fall, when the trees stood tall and the air turned crisp as the first snowflakes touched upon the tongue like dewdrops wrapped in whispers and songs, uttering prayers and dreams of days that faded like stars in the morning light.   
Perhaps those days of dreams were just that, dreams.  It did not stop the these basic empirical realities: that everything changed, even if it was only one electron that shifted across a cell or a proton across its organelles.  Or, even if it it was only one species eliminated from a universe of billions of species and billions of years collected in stardust, leaving only a supernova in its wake so dreamers could dream once more in its passing.

In the midst of this quietude of dormancy, force and unusual climate was an artificial construction of sorts, a domain of about twelve hundred square feet comprised of concrete, stone, glass, steel and wood.     

This place existed because of the imagination of Homo sapiens leading to neural messages, which enabled them to construct what they saw in their minds.  It existed in a place hidden away by boughs of pines and trails long overgrown, where it lay in its own kind of dormancy because of its silence.

Considering the scope of geography and topography of its location, the edifice was somewhat close to the lake in the middle of the mixed woods, the one that currently housed the nesting bald eagles, and was the refuge for the Homo sapiens female Gwen Ryan as she sought night after night her purpose through the muse of the red bioluminescence.    

But, ‘close’ being a relative term, this small enclosure hidden by pine boughs was not exactly by the lake, and the lake was not much of a reference point to find this tiny place.  You had to be looking for the little building to find it.  Or as Gwen Ryan had many years earlier, you stumbled upon it suddenly in the midst of ramblings to places one was not supposed to be, or venture upon.    

Sometimes, an entity existed with independent parameters within its own scope.  An example might be a single ice patch formed on a lake that normally was covered with a fortress of frozen water, but was now ice-free except for one terrified patch floating by its littoral edge.   

The little building existed like that single crystalline area, in a manner of speaking.  For while it lay silently dormant, it also existed as a refuge of dormancy.  Just as the third serotype of the protocell was a refuge of dormancy for the newly spawned daughter cells.   

All beings needed a place to run to, and this artificial construction was one of those places, at least for a select few of the species Homo sapiens.

Although this building was in reality two stories in total area, only one floor was visible on the surface.  That is, if one could see it through all the foliage and weeds that hid it from view.  The illusion thus rendered the size of the building in two, half of it cloistered by the soil as a windowless cellar.  Besides being even more covert than its top half, this invisibility had the extra benefit of being relatively warm in winter and cool in summer for those who needed the secrecy that the bottom afforded and for the activities they did there.

With only six hundred square feet visible, comprising only a measly height of eight feet with a covered flat top of wood over steel over wood over steel, it was easy to miss this little abode in the foliage that surrounded it.  Even the adjoining accouterments to power the little place, such as a tiny wind generator with only a smaller solar panel setup and even smaller hand-powered water pump for company, were barely visible in the overgrowth.    

Hiding in plain sight, went one saying.  That is, if one wanted to trip through the woods to find it, literally speaking.  Because of these factors, those few who might stumble upon it could dismiss as an old outbuilding, something discarded long ago.  Ramshackle in appearance, it looked like a place that had been forgotten long ago.  

The disheveled appearance of this building was not an accident, as the slovenliness was intended as a kind of deterrence for would-be squatters and scavengers.  Because the building had not been cast aside, not in the least.  Especially with regard to more clandestine ‘second floor’, the basement hidden underneath.  
But something so off the charts like this, well, who would notice it or care about it?  Only those who were looking for it, or who knew that it was there, or who believed it had any relevance. Besides the builders who had transformed their imagination of this place into the tactile and the tangential, only a very few people could be classified into this cabal, a very small number indeed. 

From the perspective of the protocell, this construction had been engineered seconds ago.   From the perspective of the nascent Homo sapiens, it had been created ‘forty-five years ago’, which constituted approximately forty-five revolutions of the rocky planet of sapphire blue around the star known by many vernacular names but most commonly, the Sun.  Or sometimes, ‘Sol’.     

Speaking of the ‘Sun’, the energy of the sun was one way this edifice was powered. At times, generators had fueled this place as well.  Sometimes, they still did. Back in the day when it first came to be before everything was put in to place, candles, kerosene lamps and flashlights were the only source to extend the daylight hours past the solar cycle.    

Candles, kerosene lamps and flashlights were still part of the energy consortium now, forty-five years later.  They now were an addendum, and occasionally a necessity.  Or some-times, the best way to remain hidden in the depth of the night, so as not to be detected and to work in a dormant state.   

What was so important about this abrupt insertion into the conversation, describing a building that the doomed species created?   

Well, nothing perhaps.  Or, maybe everything.  This all depends on the story told, and what myth drives the soul of the one telling, and the one listening.  

_____________________	

Speaking of myths and tales.

The building comes along with a little tale, a kind of history that lays a groundwork for its importance.  Of course, it involves some drama with the species that thought it into existence, the Homo sapiens. There was a little storyline be-hind it, and some within the doomed Homo sapiens might even like to call it a something known as a ‘soap opera’.    

Any story entailing Homo sapiens necessarily contained the anticipation of ‘who does what’ and ‘why who did what’, ‘can you believe she saw this’ and ‘he heard that’, ‘they went there’ and ‘all of them are all of this’, a kind of theater rendered through fish-eyed tunnel vision.     

Many Homo sapiens thrived on this kind of performance, and were addicted to the thrill ride of social angst that went along with it.  This dynamic was rationalized by many of them as motivation, what made them think of bigger and better for themselves and those around them, which meant in essence making decisions for others who never asked for the assistance to begin with.     

This kind of addiction to social angst was also what also led them to thirst for the blood for others of their own kind, even when their hunger was only a lust for the false illusion of a sense of power that they never had to begin with.  
Homo sapiens generally believed that this cinematic illu-sion of their own creation was what propelled them forward, motivating them to do bigger and better things.  

The protocell and now the daughter cells knew better than to fall for this hologram.  But when one wants to commit an act of war, it’s probably wise to learn as much as possible regarding one’s antagonist.  If the Homo sapiens really believed their delusional opinions were what created ultimate reality, this information was certainly vital to have in one’s database for reference.  

You could say that this lesson was a kind of schooling of the protocell’s children, to teach the daughter cells who and what they must be wary of, and how to annihilate what threatened them through stupidity to kill them.  ‘One couldn’t be too overprotective of the children nowadays’, went a saying that the Homo sapiens liked to quip.  ‘Things were getting tough all over, for everyone and everything’, went another.   

Yes, these tropes were true.  The difference was that the protocell followed up on wisdom lessons.  Homo sapiens, on the other hand, well... let’s just say that there was a reason why the extinction edict was hanging over their heads, even though they were too dense to see it.

So, back to the lesson about the collective Homo sapiens psyche that was responsible for the little abode, hidden from view from its own kind.
When this building was created, it was done by the handiwork of two Homo sapiens, both who laid general claim to the terrain of pine forest and numerous trails on which it was built.  At the time all those years ago, one of those trails was just wide enough to enable the two builders to drive machines to excavate and level the pit that now contained the bottom floor, to dredge down enough into the water table to pump it all back up at will, as well as transporting all the other materials needed to make their own signature refuge in the place of pine and silence.  

Nestled within the general vicinity of the lake in the middle of the decidedly more mixed woods than this pine forest, this building of mixed materials remained hidden and undetected by everyone except the two builders for the better part of a decade. Then, one of the Homo sapiens builders died, and the concrete-mix block was known by only one.   

That is, until everything shifted on a particular day, eight years later to the day of the death that the one builder of two had perished.
On that day of remembrance, two Homo sapiens preteen mischief-makers stumbled upon this place unawares.  Unlike the Homo sapiens builders, they could not lay claim to the terrain that the construct found itself on.  Or any terrain, for that matter.  

For one, they were too young in Homo sapiens terms and culture to have anything such as ‘claim to land’.   

The young mischief-makers were buddies, partners-in-crimes, siblings by choice and by pledge to each other in a world where adults were either dead, or unavailable by circumstance and necessity.  One was the female Homo sapiens from the lake, the microbiologist Gwen Ryan.   The other was her friend and fellow buddy, the male Homo sapiens and journalist Ray Buchanan.   

Their discovery happened as the two underage adventurers navigated the woods, the caves and all the little nooks, niches and crannies they could find, scaling trees for bugs, critters, dirt, mud and all kinds of little treasures that the woods would offer them.  Booty abounded in the shape of beavers in rivers and fish in the lakes, of eagles in the skies and crows that screamed.   There were apples in the fall and berries in the summer, and winter’s joys of snow caves to make and forts to defend.  Adventures were aplenty, and the duo reveled in them all.
On the day of the fateful encounter with the forbidden edifice hidden in the pines, the duo were engaged in adventures as they customarily were.  As usual, this took place in the woods that they traipsed in, their only real concern being stray bullets from Homo sapiens hunters.  These hunters and bipedal accidental predators were more of a fear to the two little scavengers than the occasional coyote or bobcat.  Ironically, those mighty four-footed animal predators were more wary of the medium-sized bipedal mammals than each other, including the two little half-pint adventurers.  History had taught the former kings of the woods well. 
When the two preteen mischief-makers stumbled upon the tiny place hidden by overgrowth and pines, they had been trespassing, technically speaking.  This of course was not an ideal situation, and they had been greeted by the surviving builder with a loaded rifle pointing within four feet of Gwen Ryan’s nose.   
The first interchange by the little building between Gwen Ryan, Ray Buchanan, and the builder entailed Gwen Ryan and Ray Buchanan yelling in shock with their hands in the air, while simultaneously the builder yelling “WHO THE HELL ARE YOU AND WHY ARE YOU HERE?”, while keeping the rifle perfectly trained on the female Homo sapiens Gwen Ryan.  Not a very good start to the interchange, not at all.
However, it had all been ironed out, as the builder soon recognized the two from other scenes that entailed community and the accompanying village life.  Gwen Ryan and Ray Buchanan were known to be some of the good kids, and Gwen Ryan in particular was one of those kids who stood a good chance to make it in this world as long as the cracks that threatened to swallow her didn’t take her down.   
So, the builder took the two preteens into the little abode.  Perhaps two children who were just old enough to not know better should not have gone into an isolated place with a person who’d just been pointing a loaded gun at them, one that would have splattered their brains all over the place.   

But it was one of those things, that many times the smaller ones could intuit what those bigger Homo sapiens who called themselves adult and civilized could not. There was no danger to them, and they knew it.    

The builder let Sylvie Ryan, the grandmother of Gwen Ryan, in on the deal so the guardian knew what her impish but precocious charge was up to, and Sylvie Ryan approved. Subsequently, Gwen Ryan and Ray Buchanan had been permitted to come to this place, any time they wanted to, as long as they did not tell anyone where they were but Sylvie Ryan herself.  

Now, the grand number who knew of this building was four.  Then, Sylvie Ryan died, and only the surviving builder, Ray Buchanan and Gwen Ryan visited this place and knew of its existence.  The number was now three.

After some time, Ray Buchanan’s tenure at the building decreased, as he became the crusader with words he’d always dreamed of being.  While out saving the world with a sword called the written word, he met and married his forever bride fellow writer Tricia Colt.  With permission of the builder, Tricia Colt was let in on the deal.  Because after all, the builder reasoned, a man should not keep secrets from his wife.  But Tricia Colt too was put under the code of silence about where this building was and what it was about.  This secrecy was not a problem for either of the wordsmiths, as after all protecting one’s source was part of the unofficial oath they had taken upon as crusaders with words.  So thus, the rustic cabin with the mysterious goings-on in the cellar remained a secret to all but a few.
The fifth and final addition to the crew was another male Homo sapiens of great importance to Gwen Ryan, one who went by the name Peter Gonzalez.  The nature his of importance to her was much different than the bond she shared with her sibling-by-choice Ray Buchanan.  The reasoning for this had to do with sexual selection, a characteristic that seemed to take an arbitrary, emotional and irrational turn when it came to Homo sapiens, at least when it came to who was considered worthy of mating with whom, and who was not.   

For reasons that were beyond empirical and scientific, Ray Buchanan and Gwen Ryan never chose each other as mates.  This obviously had nothing to do with their general appeal pertaining to their species, as both found subsequent mates with other people and were considered to be ‘worthy’ due to various demographics and social activities in the culture they lived in.  It had nothing to do with gender preference or sexual identity, either, as both were considered ‘heterosexual’ and ‘cisgender’, and found the requisite kind of mates that would go along with those characteristics.   

No, the decision had to do with another factor, one that had gotten a bit customized by the doomed species who liked to remake everything into their own image.  Among Homo sapiens, there was a code called ‘incest taboo’, which denoted an embedded tendency to recoil at the idea of mating with a biologically related family member, thus preventing a cataclysm of abortive genetic mutations in any future offspring.   

Other species shared this characteristic, to some extent.  But with Homo sapiens, it was carried a bit further.  For example, if a widowed man with children decided to mate with an unrelated widowed woman with children, the concept that their children from other mates would get together one day and make little Homo sapiens babies was quite frowned upon in most circles.  This was true, even if this new tribal gathering shared no genetic history at all, other than being descendants of the proverbial Mitochondrial Eve.  

You could say that because of tendencies such as these, with Homo sapiens the concept of ‘tribe’ and ‘family’ was more fluid than with many other species.  Many times this was reflected through consciousness of choice, rather than instinctual biological circumstance.   

This had a characteristic that could bring out both the best and the worst of Homo sapiens.  On the one hand, to include those outside of your blood-shared system was what made ‘community’ and led to the kind of cooperation that Homo sapiens had the potential of actualizing, which leaned on bringing out the best in the young species.  The concept of ‘community’ was one reason why the surviving builder was able to incorporate Gwen Ryan and Ray Buchanan into the goings-on in the little building.

But this ability to choose one’s tribe also conferred the power of choice to banish and exclude others for the most arbitrary of reasons.  This was the spirit that led to murder, to violence and ultimately genocide against members of their own species for irrational reasons such as melanin content denoting skin color, what deity one believed in, and what arbitrary land boundary one lived in or was born into, or even more ridiculously killing each other over which Homo sapiens should be in charge of killing off other Homo sapiens in practices that on civilized days was called ‘elections’.   

This practice was akin to the soap-opera melodrama kick morphing into a rabid addiction gone haywire, the tendency that brought out the worst in Homo sapiens. This nihilistic inclination was why many Homo sapiens had given up hope on community, and many were being propelled into a sense of doom that led to, among other things, a desire to extinguish their own species from the planet by any means.  It included crowning their own species to such an extent it killed off everything else, coupled with a denial that they would ever do such a horrid thing even as they were addicted to doing that very horrid thing.    

All this, the very definition of a blazing sunset on a species, yet many were in denial of the firestorm even as they set the match.

Unfortunately, as this was the shadow side of what brought out the best in Homo sapiens, this was also a characteristic that one could imagine and rationalize into something it wasn’t.  Who wouldn’t want to be considered one of the good guys, even when you when you were busying bombing the next guy into oblivion, literally with napalm or psychically with a bonfire called ‘gaslighting’?
In any event, the ‘incest taboo’ as practiced with unrelated individuals was one of the major factors why Ray Buchanan and Gwen Ryan remained siblings-by-choice, even as they grew from the seven-year-olds when they first met into the maturation of four decades.  

Peter Gonzalez held no such taboo for Gwen Ryan, leading to their eventual bonding as mates and to some extent, the status of not only what went down in the secret cellar but to the showdown between the doomed species and the protocell itself.    
Perhaps there had only been six Homo sapiens that ever had been in this place.  This number was nothing compared to all the other life forms that were there watching, and they remembered all who had been there and all who had stayed.  In particular the protocell, the one who etched everything in genetic stone.     
Nothing that happened was truly forgotten anywhere in the world.  Why would it be any different here in the little abode that only was known by six Homo sapiens in the world?

_____________________

To some extent, one might say that the little building in the pine woods was a tale of two buildings.  One shining in the light for all to see for those who managed to approach, the other in its windowless cavern buried within the earth, not so much. In physicality, one building.  In character, two. 

Perhaps it was like a fable, of literature and tales that were spoken but rarely remembered.  Perhaps the little building was like a book that was worn and bedraggled with its own metaphor, covered in a double meaning that one had shelved away long ago.

In the literature of Homo sapiens, there was a famous novel by a Homo sapiens male named Charles Dickens called ‘A Tale Of Two Cities’.  Dramas and melodramas of supposed massive importance took place in the two locales representing these two cities, intersecting and impacting upon each other.  This was what the story was about.  Then it ended, as all Homo sapiens dramas were apt to do.   

The two locations in this literary masterpiece were called ‘London’ and ‘Paris’.  They were similar in that they contained a majority of light-skinned Homo sapiens called ‘Caucasians’.  ‘London’ and ‘Paris’ were also alike in that they were predominated with not just one little building like the one in the middle of the pine woods, but rows and rows of buildings so tall it might make the little cabin seem like a molecule in an elephant, or at the very least a molecule in an amoeba.   
Despite these structural similarities these ‘cities’ remained separate, by the natural geography of water and by the Homo sapiens construct called ‘culture’ as well as the Homo sapiens’ invention of ‘language’.  One ‘city’ supposedly held peace and order in its hand, while the other ‘city’ held bloodshed and gore.  Two ‘cities’ that were supposedly mirrored in similar traditions.  But in reality, they were just oh so different in its theater.
   
You could offer this same analogy for the little building in the pine woods as well.   A tale of two cultures, but each floor intersecting and impacting with tales hidden away that would end one day.  

The first and most visible floor held the least amount of secrets.  Meaning, that if the whole planet knew of what was here, it would be of no danger, no emergency, no embarrassment, no shame.  This visible floor seemed plain and forthright, like the Homo sapiens analogy about a proverbial wide-eyed child whose soul was open and plain to the world.     

Certainly, one should know that to judge another by a superficial cover was to invite oneself to be deceived.  This did not stop the majority of Homo sapiens from doing what they knew better to do, which was to do exactly the opposite of what they knew not to do.   

Which was, to determine the true nature things by scanning the surface.  It was to judge empiricism with the weakest of all proof, that of visual proof.  Why engage in this foolishness when the majority knew better?  Because it made the busyness of life so much easier when one could assess the entire planet from one furtive glance, yes?

On this the first very visibly innocuous floor of the strange little building, a great room encompassed the entirety of the floor plan, the dominant theme being ‘wood’ as that was what enclosed the interior on all six sides, comprising a ceiling, floor, and four walls. Sunlight had the opportunity to stream through one rectangular window located on the southern side of the building, lending both warmth, cheer and the power to recharge in more ways than one.  The window was covered by a veil of a beige translucent curtain that provided a view to the outside but shielded what went on inside, letting the light in but keeping strangers out.  

In this great room of tiny proportions and one singular window, there were many things: a small refrigerator and even smaller microwave fueled via generator and solar power, a cabinet that housed several bowls, glasses and cutlery as well as soup cans, jars of preserved vegetables, and freshly dried jerky of various flavors.  With regards to furniture and other structures, there were many other things: a metal wood stove that vented its smoke exhaust out a pipe that traveled through an enclosed compartment located just past the wall of the little house and out into the open, two ancient couches that were of an indeterminate color, two small tables located near the window that seemed to be somewhere in the neighborhood between yellow and brown that frequently sported solar batteries in various stages of charging and rest, and a bed covered with quilts and blankets of mismatched hues with several lumps that once upon a time were probably pillows. Kerosene lamps were placed strategically on each table to light the way for those who sought a guide in the darkness.  More often than not they remained dormant, just like the daughter cells were right now, in the great room of the third serotype of protocell.  

Speaking of literature and tales that were revered but never heeded, this little remote getaway was also replete with a pine bookcase with chipped lamination located near one of the oddly colored tables by the window.  No bookcase would be complete without some books to go with it, of course.  This was sort of like the concept of jelly without peanut butter on a beloved meal called a ‘peanut butter and jelly sandwich’, a dish that many in the more well-fed Homo sapiens world enjoyed.  The ‘peanut butter’ that was literally in this case was full of dog-eared classics, one being the aforementioned ‘Tale of Two Cities’ by Charles Dickens. There were also other works by writers such as but not limited to John Steinbeck, Kurt Vonnegut, Ralph Ellison, Toni Morrison, H.G. Wells, and Flannery O’Connor,  as well as a myriad of texts on veterinary science, biology and astronomy by many writers who spanned centuries and opposing and dissecting philosophies.   

Not surprisingly, to go along with the astronomy books was a telescope to watch the heavenly bodies in skies that were much darker here than in most places not all that far away.   Astronomy books and a telescope; now, that was one big deal of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich if one existed in the metaphoric world.  

The very last two members of this topside tribe were not as innocent-seeming as their relatives, but were still accepted and welcomed into the family as honored members.  One was a longbow, a quiver of arrows by its side.  The other was the rifle that had once pointed in Gwen Ryan’s face.  Its equivalent of arrows, called ‘bullets’, was mostly hidden in a cigarette box behind a can of tomato soup in the cabinet.  However, one bullet was in the rifle’s chamber at the ready.  Because one never knew when something worse than two impish kids would come  snooping around the place.   

Both apparatuses with the badass persona stood in the corner that next to the telescope on its tripod.  Like the daughter cells, they both were dormant at the moment too.   

Lest one think that the weapons, particularly the firearm, were like menacing thugs committing a home invasion against a sweet and peaceful family, the bow and rifle’s presence actually matched the more obvious motif of ‘little primitive hunting cabin in the woods’, another surface judgment that at least here in this part of the world raised no questions.   Although the rifle member of the menagerie tended to travel more than its other inanimate friends, from topside to the basement for various reasons and many times more than once.  

Overall, it sure seemed like a nice place to go for a respite from the insanity of what passed as modern life.  Even the concept of flush toilets was not on the menu here.  For that, there was a makeshift outhouse about a quarter of a mile away, one that wasn’t treated and pumped, other than the microbes that had taken care of that job for eons until the Homo sapiens concept of ‘sewage treatment’ came to pass. Or, the woods might do for those Homo sapiens who remembered that their human nature was not as removed from ‘nature’ as they’d like to imagine.   

For people like Gwen Ryan who did remember her true nature, and for various reasons held this knowledge closer to the surface, everything about this place suited her just fine.  She did spend much of her time here, along with her mate and forever groom Peter Gonzalez.  She had done so with him recently.  Despite the lack of tangential evidence to demonstrate her sentiment, she still felt his presence on this very day which she had entered the cabin after another scavenger hunt on the lake, watching the eagles sleep and the bioluminescence shine.  She did not feel his presence there on the lake, as that had never been a niche of his.  She felt it more in the home she shared with him, about a mile from the cabin in the pines.  But here is where she felt his presence the most, even when he was thousands of miles away on another continent.  He felt real, even though he was not here.
Homo sapiens were like that, able to imprint a whole sense of reality onto their consciousness which had nothing to do with the facts of the present moment.  

Sometimes this was due to being lost in events of the past, as it was presently with the microbiologist Gwen Ryan.  Other times, it had to do with visions of the future, which had more to do with what Gwen Ryan was about to do in the basement.  
This ability to project imagined reality was one of Homo sapiens’ greatest strengths, leading to the ability to make complex plans due to the intricate reservoir of memory from their past.  It was also their one of their greatest weaknesses, and one of the reasons why they were blazing themselves into a fireball of doom.  Because memory and visions were so subjective and individuated based upon one’s perception, the chance of anyone learning lessons from history to apply to the future were close to nil.  After all, which version of history were you talking about, anyway?

But history and daydreaming topside was not why she was here in this little cabin in the pines today.  Living in the psychic energy of ghosts of demons past and future were irrelevant to her, no matter how enticing the offering might be.  
It was what was hidden underneath this placid atmosphere here on the first floor that was important to her this moment.  Therein lay in her purpose for why she did what she did.
Gwen Ryan left behind the memories, and descended into the cellar hidden below. 

_____________________

The cellar was a different story than its topside fraternal twin, literally as well as metaphorically.  There was no home-spun feeling here, down in the basement. This seeming oversight was incidental, but not completely unintentional considering this bottom floor’s purposes.  Here in the cellar, there were no kerosene lamps to light the way.  Only battery powered lights to cast strange yellow and blue hues, here in the ethereal darkness of a windowless enclosure.   

To get to this cellar from topside, one would have to be looking for it specifically.   Perhaps a stray hunter who wandered into the topside hunting cabin, one who was talented in carpentry or engineering, might sense that something was odd about the angle of the flooring way back by the table closer to the bookcase.  But the sad state of the ancient and ramshackle furniture and old books most likely would convince the wanderer that everything here was so old, the unevenness of the floor was all due to age and the sad passage of time, you know how that went.  Things just pass away like dust in the wind.  There was a season for all things that ended one day, and the day of this cabin was close to its end.  Ce la vie.  
This was deception was intentional, subtle in its execution.  It led to the confirmation that for one to go to the cellar, one would have to know to look for the cellar.   

When a Homo sapiens individual chose to engage in this venture, one rearranged furniture like such in the back by the bookcase, dislodging the paneling that would reveal the en-trance to the cavern down below.  The rearrangement of the furniture could serve as sentries to further conceal the opening from some home invader who showed up in places forbidden, as one did the necessary work essential to do down below.  

But of course, one would place the paneling back in its place to prevent this disaster of secrets revealed, once he or she was secure on the ladder that would lead the way to the cellar down below.  ‘From homespun to a dungeon’, once said the builder who had long ago passed away.  Perhaps this was true, but then again this was a tale of two floors, one not like the other in any way.  

Once one reached the cellar, austerity greeted the visitor and was the primary host of one’s stay.  No comfy blankets, no cheery wood stove, no books by candlelight here.  Instead, in this concealed place, there were long tables that would have been white in circumstances with more lumens involved.  These were accompanied by desk chairs that had just enough padding to keep someone in a single place, but not so comfortable as to feel the pleasure of drowsiness while sitting alongside this table.

Although this cellar was a location that was intentionally ‘off the grid’, so as not to permit what went on here to be known to the outside world, it was not devoid of technical gadgetry.  This hidden lair sported its own small refrigerator, paired off with a deep freezer.  They were kept at thirty degrees and zero degrees Fahrenheit respectively, through sheer will, effort and much of the horsepower that the solar power could provide.  Additionally, there were two offline laptop computers, equipped with algorithmic software that relied on mathematics only and not the chatter and lurkers of the World Wide Web.  There were even external drives here from time to time, in case of unforeseen circumstances causing chaos and mayhem.  You never knew who was looking to crash your party, be it a home invader pilfering your stuff, a leaky floor raining on your hardware, or just your computer deciding it was time to reincarnate in the recycle heap after a long and happy life as a laptop.

All of these techno gadgets were here, without access to the outside world, and off the grid.  Which was just as well, as even topside one’s smartphone was nearly useless, let alone here in the cellar.  Getting a good cellular signal in these parts, you know how that could go.  Being off the grid here in many ways really just was in tandem with the territory.  

This hidden basement also contained microscopes ranging from small to medium in scope, standing at the ready like soldiers waiting for battle.  Ammunition comprising of test tubes, slides and medicine droppers were on call, prepared to be loaded at any given moment.  A small centrifuge, which was the fourth biggest vampire for the beleaguered solar power, lurked in the background.  However, its power grab was nothing compared to the refrigerator topside or the one here down below, or the king of it all, the freezer.  A graphic image might suggest the refrigerators and freezer were to the solar panels what a bullet from the builder’s gun would have been to Gwen Ryan if the bullet had plunged into to a blood-rich organ such as her stomach.  The centrifuge would be like a turkey vulture dive-bombing down to suck at her entrails as she slowly bled to death.    

In other words, both categories of machinery were greedy for power.  Not all that surprising, given that they were inventions of Homo sapiens, an ironic correlation in both imagination and empiricism.  

Coolers with dry ice sometimes arrived here on account of the builder, but Gwen Ryan had other designs and other plans besides what the builder did or didn’t do here.  Only two people in the world besides Gwen Ryan knew what she did here.  Not even her bestie of all time Ray Buchanan or his bride Tricia Colt knew for sure.     
Additionally, due to the primitive hygienic conditions and poor windowless ventilation, a copious amount of hand sanitizer, bottles containing ninety-one percent rubbing alcohol, wipes, antiseptic creams, first-aid kits, bleach, face masks, eye protection and rubber gloves were at the ready. Paper products and glass jars for assorted cleaning and biological needs, as well as clamps, tweezers and jars for handling the specimen of the day with a modicum of safety were available as well, topped off by a box of garbage bags for secure disposal when the work of the day (or night) was done.   

The modern conveniences of life were at a minimum here, yes, and not for the faint of heart.  However, after all these years Gwen Ryan as well as the other two who had access here were quite used to it.  Homo sapiens could get themselves used to almost anything if they wanted to, and these three were no different. 
This place of limited creature comfort is where Gwen Ryan spent her time, when her nocturnal pilgrimage on the lake was done.  Here, it was silent, as it was many times in the lake’s darkness.  But by doing the work she was meant to do in this place, Gwen Ryan had learned and confirmed what she still knew today, that she was never alone in the world.    
You could say she spent her time with some of her closest friends here.  Some of them were human.  Most of them were not.    

_____________________

Deep in the recesses of the cellar, Gwen Ryan went to work.   

The lab, primitive as it was, had just enough power and resources for her to continue what she had been doing for years now.  On the notebook computers she accessed with encrypted passwords and external drives for safekeeping and insurance, she had been plotting changes. Using the micro-scopes and centrifuge here, and the more sophisticated equipment of her daytime lab where she was Gwen Ryan the microbiologist and not just one Homo sapiens female among myriads of species, she had discovered a pattern after much parsing and dissection.  One that had remained stable, but had just recently changed.   

Here, biological specimens included not only what she obtained on her lakeside adventures but also other kinds of resilient samples, in boxes and slides in the refrigerator, the freezer, but also alongside the tables.  Some of them were samples obtained from her daytime lab.  Some, by her husband Peter Gonzalez the epidemiologist on his many microbial adventures around the world.  As mentioned before, nobody but these two plus the surviving builder knew what went on here.  
Perhaps it seems alarming that this subterfuge is what went on, like some kind of nefarious deal.  One could say, that particular suspicious assumption depended on factors that were so numerous it was better not to count them.  If one lived by every whim spewed by an outsider, no one would ever do anything.   

This was a motto Gwen Ryan had long ago incorporated into a subconscious mindset, to ‘not let the opinions of outsiders dissuade me from what I need to do’.  Far from being an outlier, this motif was quite common in Homo sapiens.  This was one of those attributes that was diabolical when noticed in an outsider but quite justifiable when one did it himself or herself.  

Gwen Ryan was no different than anyone else when it came to the latter part.  Regarding the former half, she was of the smaller subset that were so absorbed in their own purposeful action what other people did or did not do was irrelevant.     
This subset, so detached from the doings of what others did or didn’t do, were usually composed of the ones who were remembered for something besides ego in the memes of social evolution.  When your mind was too absorbed in how the other guy sucked unlike wonderful you, you could really get yourself sidetracked from whatever it was you were supposed to be doing, whatever that happened to be at the time.  Sometimes that thing you were supposed to be doing was picking up your garbage after partying on the beach so the fauna didn’t mistake your candy wrappers for algae.  Sometimes it was Not Posting On Social Media While Driving Two Ton Vehicles.  Sometimes it was inventing something known as ‘rap music’.  Perhaps the thing you were supposed to be doing involved banging on a gong, or going where no one had gone before, or saying that one could really believe in the Bible and evolution AT THE SAME TIME.   The possibilities were endless, and sometimes the purpose was sacred, sometimes profane, sometimes wondrous, and sometimes banal.
Sometimes, that purpose was having a one-on-one date with the very first life form that ever existed.      

There were three categories of slides that the Homo sapiens female used as a template against new samples, otherwise known as ‘controls’.  One ‘control’ category contained zircon granules from the soil surrounding not only the lake in the woods, but on excursions both regional and remote.  Another had aquatic samples, comprised of not only water but algal molecules near the lotus bloom rhizome and the bioluminescence in the middle of the lake.   

The third template mostly contained recent samples obtained voluntarily from three human subjects, only three of them and only Homo sapiens.  In the beginning all those years ago, Gwen Ryan had regularly used biological specimens from many species.  Some of the slides and samples she obtained comprised of a drop of cerebral spinal fluid, another a nasal sample from a SARS-CoV-2 test, and another one of blood, as well as stomach bile, urine and dried fecal samples on a microscopic level.  

Most of the original samples had been obtained from Homo sapiens, but not all. These other PCR panels she used in order to compare genetic material with her samples from her three Homo sapiens subjects.  The animals who had offered these samples might be long dead, but the gene that defined them survived.  And it was always good to be sure, even on the edge of a breakthrough.  All the bodily fluids contained a universe’s encyclopedia of information, and always lived on.  
Perhaps the graphic imagery of how all these were obtained were best left for another story, but these were just some of what she had operated with.  
Over the years, Gwen Ryan had been able to put a puzzle together, one which slowly ruled out each species one by one until only Homo sapiens remained in her reservoir.  She might, like today, use the slides from other species as a comparative model for empirical verification.  But the solution she sought no longer resided in any species but her own.  She knew this.  Soon, she would prove this.  

Two of the Homo sapiens genetic panels were from Gwen Ryan herself and her husband Peter Gonzalez.  The third was the only other person who had regular access to the cellar, and knew what Gwen Ryan did there.  This made sense, of course.  Because these three people were the only ones who knew for sure what went down here in the cellar, after all.  

Considering the livelihood she engaged in as well as that of her mate Peter Gonzalez, these samples were easy to come by due to the multiple antigen and antibody tests they needed to go through, as well as the rigorous vaccinations that were administered to them that were accompanied by data panels on how said vaccinations affected them.  All of this gave a liberal amount of biological material for Gwen Ryan to work with here in the basement, which was a good thing.  
In searching for a particular microbe or pathogen and despite all the new advances, discoveries and inventions, one generally had to be looking for a particular needle in a haystack made of needles.  This simply was due to the complexity of the genomes involved and what cells were involved in the pathogenic showdown.  She knew that, Peter Gonzalez knew that, and the surviving builder who had a parallel livelihood to the mated couple but one not so harrowing knew that as well.
This is why Gwen Ryan spent her time here in the cellar. She knew she was looking for a needle that no one else seemed to know exist.  That was what these samples were for.

Armed with a small butterfly needle and with disinfectant nearby for the final stage of her experiment, the Homo sapiens female pricked herself to obtain a fresh blood sample.  She did this because there was a theory she needed to test.  The feelings that she got when she realized she was not alone in the world seemed to precipitate this strange mutilation, and to justify the action as beneficial.  
Suffice it to say, the diligence of Gwen Ryan and her lack of squeamishness would be rewarded twice over.

Under the microscope, in the midst of the jungle of microbial life, was the needle she sought.  No, not the butterfly one she had just pricked her finger with, though that needle had been instrumental in her discovery.  This other needle was the proverbial one in the haystack, the one she had searched for without knowing what 
she sought.   

Now, after much pondering and examinations, she had discovered it.  

In three parts, she observed what she would soon name a ‘protocell’, obtained from three specific samples against the three control panels.  For simplicity’s sake, she gave each one a designation, typing notations in the offline computer for future reference:

	A) Zircon: Protocell 1

	B) Algal: Protocell 2

	C) Blood (presently limited to Homo 	sapiens based on 	observations): 	Protocell 3*

*Approximately 10 percent of physio-logical samples of bile and mucus from Homo sapiens have yielded a trace amount of ‘Protocell 3’.  More studies are needed to see if this result is replicated.    
	
All three microbial agents appear to be of the same genotype, able to exchange genetic material at will.  All three ‘protocells’ appear to have a nucleic wall containing genetic material, some which appear to contain a fifth nucleotide that is not analogous to any other life form.  Further studies are needed to determine if this is a beneficial mutation, or an outlier.     

Synthetic agents have been incorporated by the author of this paper into each of the ‘protocells’.  The life form has the ability to copy any nucleotide at will without any overall mutation in the copying process.  It is a ‘life form’ in that appears to practice microbial functions, and excretes waste.  All three of these serotypes appear to not only have a nucleic membrane, but also other genetic material in their cytoplasm that may be primitive mitochondria and ribosomes.  Some cytoplasmic samples yield examples of this outlier fifth nucleotide, both in DNA and RNA samples. 

Further investigation will be taken, using the algorithmic software and observation.

After this declaration, Gwen Ryan encoded the infor-mation, dated it, backed it up on an SD drive.  She would send a copy to her colleagues for backup and support. She would need it, and she knew it, given what was at stake about what she’d discovered. 

Any declaration about this ‘protocell’ in whatever way she chose to do it would be a bold claim, as a microbiologist of her limited standing claiming she found the origin of life would not be welcomed with open arms.  Rivalries simmering under the surface would explode like nuclear bombs, those she thought to be friends would become enemies.  She could be fired, never to get a job in her field ever again, her name dragged through metaphorical mud through one word in digital pixels gone rabidly virulent, throughout the entire world with one person just hitting the word ‘Enter’ on a computer.  

Or perhaps, her discovery would be the very thing that would make her soar to the top.  People she thought to be enemies would suddenly want to be her friends.  She could become famous, have her name on a school one day, even go on a book tour signing her name everywhere because of the great find she’d made.  Because a discovery such as this, well the possibilities in Homo sapiens’ hands?  Man, they sure could be endless.  You could cure the world, or kill it.  Who knows what fun you could yield with all of this joy?

Today, this day in the aftermath of the daughter cells’ first attack, she noticed something unusual.  This took place by what she saw in the fresh blood that she had just drawn from herself.    

What she witnessed would change everything.  She quickly amended her document, copying the additional material to her external drive:

Despite this species' general nonmotility, it appears that a mutation has occurred whereby a genetic exchange either within the protocell or with other microbes has led to a possible life form within ‘Protocell 3’.   

Whether this is a parasite, an organelle, or a direct mutation is unknown.  Further investigation is pending.

	_______________________

Visual proof, in general, was the weakest proof, so the saying went.  The reason for this was not because the eyes of Homo sapiens were weak and their vision poor. For the most part, when no injury or illness was present, the opposite was actually more the norm.     

Perhaps it was more accurate to suggest that because vision was so bursting with possibilities, that it was easy for Homo sapiens to be trapped by their own success.  That one’s bright vision was clouded not so much by impaired sight as by the arrogance that the first glance was so accurate it measured the world 
perfectly.  
To that end, a superficial glance that obliterated reality was worse than being blind.  But to the diligent, to those who waited for what lay beneath the surface, a different fate awaited.     

One could only use a tool for good, if one realized a tool could always be used as a weapon.  This was when visual proof was at its best.  This is the methodology that Gwen Ryan was practicing in this moment as she observed the mechanisms of what she called the ‘protocell’ within her own blood, and the new daughter cells that rested there.

_______________________

Deep in the cellar hidden away from the knowledge of all but one, the daughter cells nestled into the bosom of their ancestor seeking refuge.  Just like their siblings throughout the world, they now rested in silence deep in the recesses of a place hidden away where only a few could know who they really were.   

This was as it should be.  It was their purpose to do so.  For every season that had its battle also needed its season of slumber. Everything was proceeding as it was meant to proceed.    

All was quiet in the place of silence and dormancy.



ELEVEN


Re: Report pertaining to surveillance of ██████████

(NOTE: Report is redacted until the following passage, and the classified detail has been issued to the relevant individuals. Those with lower clearances have been authorized to read the below data as per a general mandate for informational purposes only)

SUMMARY:

There has been additional reports that the individual, to be identified in general reports as ‘Subject A’, is part of a larger threat to society than earlier believed possible.

‘Subject A’ has been seen with radical groups that front as ‘pacifist extinction’ organizations.  On a public level these groups purportedly espouse the nonviolent concept of all human beings refraining from reproducing to force the issue of human extinction.  

Many, if not all of these de facto associations have known ties to more radical terrorist groups.  Given the subject’s close association with the government and contacts in the biomedical communities, it is imperative that close surveil-lance be authorized pertaining to subject’s activities with regards to these so-called ‘pacifist extinction’ groups.  

It has been suggested that the subject’s high clearance be revoked due to these associations and reported medical deterioration, but this strategy is not recommended at this time.  It is believed that if ‘Subject A’ continues to act as usual without suspicion, authorities will be led to more affirmative findings that reflect these doomsday practices.

Additionally, it is recommended that subject’s spouse, hereby to known as ‘Subject B’, also be surveilled.  All communication between the two individuals is to be monitored.  As both have medical expertise with genetic engineering and ready access to highly virulent contaminants, any or all communication and work may be either be a front or the preliminary stages of a bioterrorism operation.  ‘Subject B’’s clearance, while a tier lower that of ‘Subject A’, is also to remain stable so as to not tip off either subject of their being observed. 

Both individuals, ‘Subject A’ and ‘Subject B’, have been known to contact outside channels when they wish to publicize themselves, a grandiose gesture that has been tolerated and sometimes encouraged up until this point by professional authorities.  It is advised to allow both individuals to continue this grandstanding, as perhaps one or both subjects will become so complacent as to leave numerous breadcrumbs to the true source of the organizations that are contemplating terrorist activities.   
General surveillance has shown that both individuals do not have a large digital footprint on any social media platforms under individual accounts.  However, many of the publications they pursue are considered ‘fringe publications’ that are published in digital formats, although it is believed that ‘Subject A’ has contacts with individuals who utilize under-ground networks. At this time, it appears that with the exceptions of several publicity stunts, ‘Subject B’ is a ghost online, though this has not been truly corroborated.    

Evidence from communiques and IP addresses of various extremist sources suggest that either or both subjects may be on the lookout for a pathogen that will assist in a mass casualty event.    	

This general report has been issued for intelligence agencies to listen for elevated chatter pertaining to pandemics or biological agents that seem out of context, or have not been certified by recognized health agencies.  A recommended approach to both subjects, particularly ‘Subject A’, is to assume that either or both individuals are on heightened alert to their activities being monitored.  To that end, it is believed that there will be ‘red herrings’ and other false leads intended to generate panic, or at least false intelligence as a strategy to dispel authorities from the real culprit.  Any report of pandemics on social media from sources not verified and vetted by recognized agencies should be considered false and reported to authorities.	

Despite this, it is known that rogue players use chat rooms and other platforms to garner support for their objectives, such as those who have been known to support extremist ideologies, or because of charismatic ideologues who inspire more susceptible individuals into committing heinous acts, a ‘Charles Manson’ sort of individual.  

All indications reflect that ‘Subject A’ is such an individual, one who can rally other individuals to support an objective, to convince people with weak characters, beliefs and consciences, or those who live in an isolated state to find solace in the camaraderie of a shared purpose or goal.   The anonymity of social networking, plus the fracturing of community that has led to kind of isolation that seeks solace in the very social networking that isolated individuals in the first place, makes it all that more likely that a person who seeks to pursue an objective of extremism will find the supporter he or she requires to obtain that goal.  A person such as ‘Subject A’ who can readily rally and corral individuals has a tailor-made foundation to allow for such rogue organizations to flourish.  It is believed that ‘Subject A’ has utilized social networks, as well as other personal contacts to rally individuals to a doomsday cause.

Although ‘Subject B’’s activities have been harder to follow, it is suggested that this ghost-like pattern could possibly be due to the influence of ‘Subject A’’s objectives.  Phenomena such as ‘Stockholm Syndrome’ is not uncommon in such scenarios, as ‘Subject B’’s faint presence could indicate a pattern of forced isolation on the part of Subject A or other influential individuals.   As it appears that ‘Subject A’ has readily influenced random individuals and other business associates, it would be logical to pursue the objective that a spouse such as ‘Subject B’ would be easily influenced as well.  Given the similarities of their professions, it is unlikely ‘Subject B’ is unaware of ‘Subject A’’s work, and is most likely contributing to the process of preparing a doomsday proposition.  

At this point, ‘Subject B’ has not shown any indications of being directly involved in any of the organizations or channels that ‘Subject A’ is pursuing.  However, ‘Subject B’ is to be treated as a person of interest as it has been suspected that both individuals use encrypted methods to communicate, and due to the nature of this encryption ‘Subject B’ is aware of the clandestine process so forced coercion, while not ruled out completely, is unlikely.  Furthermore, because it is believed ‘Subject B’ is aware of this clandestine nature of communication and is endorsing it by not only utilizing it but not reporting it to either government authorities or even those in professional authority, ‘Subject B’ is contributing to the doomsday plot that ‘Subject A’ appears to be generating.  Hence, ‘Subject B’ should be treated as a person of interest, and relevant agencies and services have been notified to treat ‘Subject B’ as such.

CONCLUSION:

In this era of so-called ‘fake news’ following on the heels of ‘if you see something, say something’, extra caution is needed regarding how we approach what is seen and heard.  It does not take away the responsibility of those who are witnesses to disaster or potential disaster, as in the suspected case of ‘Subject B’.   

It must be emphasized that given the nature of ‘Subject A’’s strategy, caution is to be utilized in chasing decoys that might be laid out that will divert resources from those threats that are clear and present dangers.  This is why any report on ‘independent media’ needs to be vetted thoroughly, as it is unknown who ‘Subject A’ has influenced at this time.  It is hoped that the surveillance of ‘Subject B’ will give the best indication of the flow of activity that is best pursued, to ensure the safety of the greater good against the massive threat that now poses us.  (END)

TO: ████ (CODE 2)

FROM: ████ (CODE 3)

RE: Surveillance of Subjects ‘A’ and ‘B’

CODE 3:  We have set up the link for the authorities to follow.  

CODE 2:  We can monitor alongside with them without getting caught in the surveillance ourselves?  And send the information to our patron? 

CODE 3:  Absolutely.  We even can communicate with the patron for a limited time on this channel without the authorities knowing.   

CODE 2:  Good work.  We will contact the patrons with the good news.   

CODE 3:  Affirmative.  It’s all working to plan.

(END TRANSMISSION)

_______________________

They are watching. 

They always have. We’re always being observed. You should know that by now.  Nothing is safe,  and no one is.

No one is as powerful as they think they are.

Especially when they think they have all the power.



TWELVE


The Paranoid Rationalists Strike Again with their newest entry!

EVIDENCE OF THE STRANGE AND WEIRD IN YOUR INTERNATIONAL BACKYARD 

By Linus B. Skinner 

If you’ve ever watched ‘The X Files’, you know that there’s some kind of pathogen that’s out to cut through every defense of our immune system, and reduce our population down to a nice reasonable number.  Sort of like the measles and rabies on steroids, with four thousand gallons of your best red eye coffee.  

But there’s a real life concern that an unknown pathogen that many call ‘Disease X’ will take us out.  And if it does exist?  There’s little we can do to forestall it.
Up until recently, the coronavirus known as SARS-CoV-2 that caused the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent out-breaks was the most likely candidate on people’s minds.  

After years of speculation about Hot Zones of Ebola and alphabet suit configurations of influenza strains, the Next Big One turned out to be a special coronavirus delivery that incubated and baked away in bat caves around the world. It was a gift that kept on giving with mutation after mutation, and gave a whole new meaning to the terms ‘Dark Knight’ and ‘killer cold’.    

But in the end, despite the havoc COVID-19 caused to pop Homo sapiens’ comfortable bubble, it was not ‘Disease X’, or at least isn’t yet.  So far, it seems to be another guest at the bed and breakfast that is the human body.  You just can’t get on a plane the way you used to, but the fact is you still can get on a plane.  Far from taking out Homo sapiens, it seems to be what is termed a ‘successful virus’.  Simply put, instead of wiping out its host, it keeps a copious population of the host species alive for future generations to replicate.       

As a matter of fact, SARS-CoV-2 seems like the ultimate opportunist, jumping from mammal to mammal setting up shop while keeping all its eyes open for another good business opportunity in some other rodent’s lungs.  It seems like the ultimate capitalist, and as any good entrepreneur might know, you can’t be doing business if all the customers are dead.

Because of this, if things continue as they have up until now, despite the pandemic it caused, COVID-19 will not be the feared ‘Disease X’.  In short, it likes the habitat that people provide too much to off them quite yet.    

So, if COVID-19 isn’t the real Big Bad One, what is?

It seems there is a new contender has arrived in town, or at the very least SARS-CoV-2 has really gotten itself juiced up if there isn’t.  Because there’s something really funny brewing in the jungle, and if the stories can be believed, it makes COVID-19 seem like seasonal allergies that can be cured with a nice day on a sunny beach somewhere.   

So, what’s happening?  Is there a new nemesis in town, and is ‘Disease X’ finally on its way to take us humans to the dump?  

Some medical experts may be onto something, and it may get us before we get it, if we don’t figure out what the puzzle is.  Because there is a violent medical mystery in our midst, and it’s yet to be solved, at least according several medical experts who claim that several underreported and fatal outbreaks took place several months ago.

Analysis is now underway pertaining to three alleged and sudden pathogenic outbreaks in the countries of Brazil, India, and South Sudan.  Based on witness reports and epidemiological accounts “all three attacks appear to have arrived like stealth bombers, at exactly the same time, with the same level of morbidity and virulence, and then disappeared without a trace almost simultaneously in a day’s time.”

Almost like it was studying military strategy against us, testing our defensive perimeters?  Some who were interviewed actually answered, “Yes.”

Epidemiological studies will research the ecology and microbiology that was the source behind the outbreaks in such disparate regions.  As of now, the microbial nemesis is unknown, as a search for antibodies and antigens in survivors has yielded no conclusive results.  

The outbreaks came to the attention to epidemiologists who were assisting medical personnel in the aforementioned countries in urban areas.  All three outbreaks took place in remote locations with low human populations, according to survivors from the locales who arrived in the cities.  Due to the rapid onset of mortality and concern over a new pandemic of COVID-19 or some other microscopic killer, the personnel were relocated immediately to these areas to treat survivors and exercise containment procedures.     

Sources have showed evidence that all three outbreaks occurred simultaneously, ripped through a local but remote population, and then in a sense bled itself out in sudden death. Research from these epidemiologists is underway to determine the pathogenic source of this outbreak, as due to the symptoms the cause of the morbidity is unknown.  Initial analysis reports death due to diarrheal dehydration and pneumonia-like symptoms in most of the patients.  

The fatality rate of those who have died from has proved to be relatively high, on the highest bracket of what has been recorded historically in this kind of epidemic.  The fatality rate of these three clusters due to cholera- and flu-like symptoms was close to 60 percent.  This mimicked the fatality rate in historical records of regional outbreaks with high morbidity accompanied by similar symptoms. 

The high morbidity transpired among these people despite all efforts to treat those who were afflicted after the arrival of medical officers.  

Methods of rehydration to forestall death failed in all cases, as well as any attempt with antibiotics to combat bacterial infection.  Antivirals also failed to alleviate symptoms and resulted in total morbidity.  In fact, “given the effects before our arrival, we may as well been administering sugar pills,” says Jacques Henri, a nurse practitioner from Doctors Without Borders that was on the scene in South Sudan. 

According to Henri, the death toll took place with a ferocity that lasted two weeks, but remained contained to a restricted locale in the region throughout the outbreak, and did not spread to any surrounding environs.  Henri’s findings corroborated with other sources who gave similar numbers, although the timeframe for fatalities varied by locale with some in Brazil reporting mass mortality in a day’s time.  All outbreaks took place in isolated areas with limited population. The total death toll in all three locales has been estimated at just over 183.

“The reason for this outbreak in three such disparate areas is unknown, and given the differences in local fauna, finding an amplifier or reservoir host, if the pathogen is zoonotic in origin, could take months.  The variegated geography of these outbreaks is still a medical mystery that epidemiologists are investigating,” says spokesperson Peter C. Gonzalez, an epidemiologist and physician on the scene in Brazil and consultant for both the CDC and several privately funded advisory boards.  He cites that biological samples such as stool, urine, saliva, mucus, and blood have been submitted to the CDC, as well as several other public and private public health and medical advisory organizations.   

Although Dr. Gonzalez cautions that panic is not a constructive response to this crisis,  “the rapid and unknown onslaught of such a virulent outbreak should be a warning and investigated before any potential mutations lead to higher morbidity in more populous regions”,  cautioning that in the wake of COVID-19, many would rather err on the side of caution than to wait it out for containment measures that could come too late.  He continues, “It is essential to find the caus-ative agent of these outbreaks, or possibly even multiple causative agents, as well as pathogenic delivery”, with regards to the nature of whether the contagion or contagions are airborne, or if closer physical contact is warranted for illness and death to occur, and if asymptomatic spread is possible.  

In addition to seeking a reservoir host of this pathogen, forensics will also measure various demographics and other health conditions to determine if the high morbidity was due to some weakness already present in the various populations such as malnutrition or other public health factors. 

Reports have also recorded the recovery of seventy-four of the deceased individuals, including two local medical workers who arrived at the initial scene in India, and confirm that exhaustive forensics of all individuals are underway to decipher the genetic panels and microbial properties “as we are not even sure if we are dealing with a bacterium, virus, protist, prion or other microscopic agent of transmission”.   

Containment and quarantine of the local population and medical officers have enabled to limit the scope of the outbreak, and no new cases were reported once the initial virulence ripped through the various populations.  Dr. Gonzalez says, “At this point, we have no way of knowing whether the pathogen has gone underground into a reservoir, and as it appears that this a compound outbreak, we can say nothing for certain regarding whether or not this outbreak is truly contained.” However, he cautions that “an unknown pathogen with such a high mortality rate, especially on the heels of a pandemic, is cause for concern” and that “medical officials are on high alert”.

So, is ‘Disease X’ out to get us for good?  “We have no conclusive answer if this is another ‘big one’ or not, but we are reviewing all relevant data,” according to Dr. Gonzalez.  

So to cut through all the medical jargon, the answer is: Maybe.     

“Linus B. Skinner” is a pseudonym for a formal medical officer who is now an investigative reporter.  He has acted as a medical detective and field biologist in twenty countries covering epidemics of Ebola, Marburg, SARS and the COVID-19 pandemic.   

_______________________

To: Gwen Ryan
Cc: Joy Beck-Edwards, Nathan Edwards, 
Peter C. Gonzalez 
From: Peter C. Gonzalez
Subject: Forensic Samples and Quarantine

Hey Gwen and all, still stuck here in the wilds of Brazil. Gwen, you’d love it here with all the jungle to explore, maybe you’ll be getting your chance soon given what we’ve collected.  Jacques just got out of quarantine in Africa, so he’ll be able to head to the lab to send you samples soon enough.  It’s awfully strange, a medical wonder if it weren’t so deadly in potential.  But if my suspicions are correct, this specimen may be a really exciting find.  From what little we’ve ob-served of it, it may not be like anything we’ve seen before, a whole new emerging species.  Considering how much extinction and destruction is going on, it’s great to come upon something like this.  

Gwen, I think in particular this kind of medical detective work is your absolute delight.  Unless Joy says otherwise, I think you should head up any forensics on these little guys.  I’m sure there will be someone who will say handing my wife the top clearance on this is some kind of nepotism, but let them.  As one who has the authority to dictate these kinds of terms, I want the most qualified people to handle the job, and if the person most qualified happens to be my wife, so be it.  

Are you having fun up there without me?  You got to have all the autumn colors and I’m in the middle of the jungle.  Hope you enjoyed it for me, and hopefully I’ll get out of here soon.  I’m surviving all right, talking to some like-minded colleagues, and so far holding up pretty well.  But most likely, I’ll be having to jet back and forth to work with some of the good people here, something that I used to love in my twenties but lately not so much.  Otherwise, have been feeling okay.  

On a positive note, it seems no one else has gotten sick around here.  There’s been no clusters of dead animals dis-covered in any of the three epicenters, which demonstrates that either the microbe’s amplifier reservoir has immunity to its pathogenic qualities if it’s zoonotic in origin, or it has gone dormant within humans.  Maybe there’s been some spontaneous spawning that’s been activated within the human body.  We just don’t know yet.  Since no one is even sure what we’re looking for yet, this part will get to be your adventure.     

So far, no one has any speculation.  But if this microbe is this powerful, perhaps it could be harnessed for the phage therapies, depending on its genetic properties.  There’s a lot of good stuff here in the jungle, and maybe we can use it to clean up the world.  

Take care all, and love you Gwen.  Peter


THIRTEEN

	
At approximately 20:45, a package addressed to Gwen Ryan arrived at the biological laboratory that served as the microbiologist’s public office.  The lab was located just out-side Albany Medical Center.  The package was addressed for her eyes only.   
The courier who presented the package and walked through the biometric screening was unremarkable in appearance.  Perhaps it was the black cloth mask that the individual wore, but it was hard to tell if the person was biologically male or female.  It was even hard to tell if the person was white, black, or some other race that was described by using ethnic terms such as Asian, Latino/Latinx, Native American or Pacific Islander.    

What was the individual’s hair color, then?   As mentioned before, Homo sapiens was also very big on what color keratin by-products that came out of the follicles in their heads, thinking that this was some kind of key to who and what they were, based on the style of the dead cells that they arranged the protein substance into.    
This individual, though, gamed that system by wearing a hat that encompassed his/her entire crown, rendering no hair as being visible, a black baseball-style hat with a large visor.  Perhaps there was a crew cut under that hat.  Or the individual was enduring a headache in order to conceal a mound of hair under that cap.   

Only that person knew for sure, but suffice it to say, this would be again where visual proof would be less than useful.  Who was that masked person?  Or so the mystery went.

In describing an individual, when it came to Homo sapiens and how they saw the world, it was always disconcerting to try to describe a person if you couldn’t tell what his or her facial features were.  To many, it was even more disorientating if one could not say ‘his’ or ‘her’ with any certitude.    

But things had changed one day when a new bug in town decided to hang out in the resort called Homo sapiens.  When this species came to visit, a person was no longer necessarily defined by facial features.  For some, this was a temporary change.  For others, this was permanent.  Maybe this was be-cause they never felt safe again.  Maybe because based on the myth of who was good looking and who was not, they fell into the latter case.

In any event, the nondescript person came bearing the gift of a package that no one really had concerns about.  The little present came with all the accouterments of an obedient child with her shoes tied neatly and her socks just below the knees. As per regulations, the package carried the requisite markings, "BIOLOGICAL SUBSTANCE CATEGORY B", with the code ‘UN3373’ dutifully encapsulated within a diamond-shaped insignia.  The package was correctly sealed, and set off no alarms as it went through the various security checkpoints.  

Security here was generally an important aspect to consider.  There were technological means to detect various danger signals, such as weapons, open or mishandled vials of gastronomical delights such Lassa hemorrhagic disease, and aerosol shedding of various microbial guests of the human body including influenza strains, SARS-CoV-2, and its forgotten but certainly not gone ancestor SARS-CoV.    
Thermal diagnostics could sense those pathogens that gave themselves away when the human body went to war against the invader with a fever.  High powered industrial air filters were strategically placed throughout the entryways so as to subvert those pesky little strays that tried to escape the web which they were destined for, care of the genius of Homo sapiens’ gadgetry and tinker toys. 

All individuals who proceeded past these benchmarks were required to fill out an intake of their general health, recent travels and other risk factors.  Penalty for fraudulent answers meant imprisonment and hefty fines.   

It was vital to have this kind of security.  The health of the human individuals here, as well as the health of the human individuals they had been pledged to protect, were vastly dependent on a network of closely contained security.  The technology was in place to do just that for all involved. 

But then of course, there was always something known as the ‘human factor’.  This characteristic was also known in some circles as ‘human error’.  Perhaps, given all that was to take place it was easier to say, there really was no difference between either description.  In other words, leave it to Homo sapiens to go muck it all up and then have the audacity to call it good.

Once the package and the courier cleared the preliminary hurdles, the two encountered the nighttime security guard, who wore a name tag with the word ‘NOLAN’ emblazoned on it.   ‘NOLAN’ waved the package through without a second glance as he ate a bologna sandwich. The package was addressed to an individual who worked in the lab, but if ‘NOLAN’ cared about who this individual was, he gave no indication he cared.  Maybe the substance was simply a whoopee cushion for the janitor under the auspices of Ebola.  Maybe a rogue player just slipped a roofie of a foreign entity’s national security breach with the kind of weaponized influenza commonly featured in bioterrorism movies.  What was the difference, who cared?  Based on the security guard’s reaction, it was all one big yawn. ‘NOLAN’ passed the package through like a bouncer who only let the hot girls with tight jeans get into the nightclub.  But you never knew what those hot girls with tight jeans were up to, right?  

Perhaps this lazy-seeming attitude with regards to what appeared to be a biohazardous material could seem alarming, or at least puzzling to the uninitiated. This was not the case with the staff of this biomedical research lab.  For those who knew better, ‘NOLAN’‘s casual attitude was no surprise at all.  Always with hooded eyes under a baseball cap with two red socks on the front, never having a word to say to anyone other than a grumpy “Mpph” if addressed one way or another, the guy seemed to be eternally asleep.  This guy was an enter-taining diversion for most of the crew here, but they had gotten so used to him that the jokes about him were almost as boring as he was.  The jokes continued nonetheless, despite the repetitious tedium, almost like an involuntary impulse grafted onto their arm with time.  

Homo sapiens were like that.  They incorporated patterns into their behavioral repertoire, some of them good, some of them not so good.  Due to the neural writings and imprinting on these circuits, they repeated the not so good patterns long after their use had fallen over the horizon with the sunset.  There was even a saying that went, ‘some habits are hard to break’.  The stale jokes made by individuals with graduate and post-graduate degrees in the life sciences about ‘NOLAN’ would be some of those ‘habits that were hard to break’.   
No wonder Homo sapiens were digging themselves into a grave and calling it a big blast of a party.  

Some examples of those running jokes about ‘NOLAN’ that were past their shelf life said that the North Korean leader could walk into the building with a nuclear bomb strapped on his back.  Another gem was that a crazed domestic terrorist who thought the whole building was a cover for the One World Order would walk into the building with a suicide bomb strapped to his back, and ‘NOLAN’ would simply respond to this encounter by saying ‘Mpph’ before letting the mayhem through so that all hell would literally blow up.  

It was another still standing joke that ‘NOLAN’ himself seemed to be a joke.  There was just something off about the guy.  Someone said he resembled a very strange fictional character called ‘Lincoln Potter’. This ‘Lincoln Potter’ individual was featured on a couple of televised crime dramas about motorcycle gangs who were involved in nefarious things like selling illegal guns and drugs. ‘Lincoln Potter’ was the Big Fed that was going to take them all down and always showed up at the most inconvenient times saying weird things.  Like ‘NOLAN’, presumably. That is, if ‘NOLAN’ ever talked, which he didn’t other than his signature ‘Mpph’.

Now, Homo sapiens were really the kind of species that liked to strive to be bigger and better.  Even when it was over ridiculous-seeming things such as who could come up with the snarkiest analogy of someone universally disliked by the ‘in’ group. So, as people went on about this ‘Lincoln Potter’ situation, a few people decided to watch the popular culture shows that went along with this name.     

A lab tech heard that there was a reference that this ‘Lincoln Potter’ was aka ‘Big Bird’ due to having yellow hair, a beak of a nose, and very tall stature.  Sort of what it seemed like ‘NOLAN’ was made of, when he took off his hat to scratch his head and make his way to the cafeteria to update his bologna sandwich, which seemed to happen with much regularity. This ‘Big Bird’ wasn’t any big bird, mind you. ‘Big Bird’ was yet another fictional character, a giant puppet of a yellow bird featured on a beloved children’s educational show called ‘Sesame Street’.   

So, to cap off this pathetic laugh-fest, a replica of ‘Big Bird’ was purchased and a sign with the name ‘NOLAN’ was hung around this classic childhood favorite, topped off literally with a miniature baseball cap that had the same requisite two red socks on it as its life-size counterpart.  It was placed in the coffee break room as a kind of guffaw mascot so ostensibly, the hard-working scientists could get a mental break and have a good laugh at their little yellow Frankenstein play toy.   
Once the rumor started, it was one of those lovely wildfire habits that was too hard to break.  

If ‘Lincoln Potter’ aka ‘Big Bird’ was a person in the normal world, you could attribute him to ‘NOLAN’.  If you looked at ‘NOLAN’ long enough through that lens, you started to wonder a bit about him in the same fashion, especially with all the gossip around here that said so.  If enough people tell you an eagle is a unicorn, you’d probably start seeing birds flying around with a single horn sticking out of their heads, even when you didn’t want to.  That seemed to be the case here.   

My, Homo sapiens were such gems when they got themselves rolling, yes?

So, most of the staff decided that ‘NOLAN’ looked like ‘Lincoln Potter’, and thus the ‘Big Bird’ replica was a big hit.  The rest, a small subset of a minority, got to grit their teeth at what a daycare center the place turned into when one wasn’t looking.  Among the few who didn’t join in with the with the tepid snorefest of dissing ‘NOLAN’ included the micro-biologist Gwen Ryan and her associates Tara McPherson and Steven Lee.

For various reasons that were personal to each of them, this kind of harassment of the beleaguered ‘NOLAN’ was less than amusing and in fact seen as a distracting hazard, an opinion deemed to be very much in the minority, even by most of those in authority.  

Those with power had mostly decided that this immature ‘Big Bird’ behavior was yes, it was distracting, but supposedly, in a good way.  Everyone needed to let off steam, especially in a place that was fraught with the knowledge that death lurked in invisible corners everywhere in the globe, and that those in this establishment could be responsible for either the salvation of the world, or its apocalypse.  If it took a lazy and unfriendly security guard being mocked to lighten up the mood, one who looked like he was the kind of person to mishandle a two-way radio, let alone a vial that could break and make COVID-19 look like the common cold, so be it.  His very presence was redundant, anyway.  You could rely on the biometrics and other technology that protected the people better than any one of these minimum wage people.  Besides, ‘NOLAN’ was there merely for show so those visiting the place felt just a teensy bit better.  So, what was the harm in a little joke at his expense?  Why was a silly little puppet an issue that had to take up office conferences, anyway?  

However, even given this supposedly unanimous injunction by those with power, the ‘Big Bird’ replica always seemed to very much in hiding when the top director Joy Beck-Edwards came to the lab.  Additionally, the desks would be neat, and all the paper would be filed correctly and collated. Then, when Joy Beck-Edwards was gone, ‘Big Bird’ with his ‘NOLAN’ sign and miniature baseball cap with two red socks would magically pop up again, regardless if a few stray dogs refused to go along with the pack.   

So ‘Big Bird’ stayed.  Tara McPherson, when she passed it would visibly seem sad with the corners of her lips turned down and her eyes going big, awww.  Steven Lee always seemed visibly peeved as he would sneer and shake his head.  Take a joke, will you dude?  In both cases, there were those colleagues who found these reactions amusing, and occasionally given the mood might throw a silly dig at the outliers. 

To Tara McPherson, people would laugh and her face would turn red in response to this amusement.  Her despondency and her blushing categorized her as ‘very timid and shy, but she’s a good girl’.  Sometimes people would pat her arm, her back, or even her head when they laughed at her.  This was meant to say, ‘look how much we like you’ and to put her at ease, which seemed to mean that they were going to laugh at her reaction no matter what, and they were using a soft tactic to convince her to be okay with this kind of treatment.  

To Steven Lee, there were people both male and female of various sexual identities who would say, ‘Steven looks so cute when he’s pissed’, or other such patronizing statements which tended to provoke Steven Lee even more.  In response, Steven Lee would say statements such as ‘why can’t you people grow the f%&@ up’ or other grawlix pronouncements and storm into his lab.   

This apparently was very entertaining to see, based on the reactions of the onlookers.  Steven Lee was classified as ‘too bad the dude can’t learn to take a joke’, a person who was easily riled and who people liked to tease only when grouped together but never while on a solo mission.  

This was how these colleagues liked to make conversation, by making such comments and assessments like these.  

There was a third outlier of significance, that of the microbiologist Gwen Ryan. Her reaction was a bit different than her associates, but definitely one of the ‘nays’ when it came to the whole ‘let’s-all-dis-NOLAN’-bandwagon.  She was a person who seemed ‘hard to read’.  This simply meant that people had a tough time deciding exactly who she was based on the customary one or two random expressions that were generally used as empirical data.  These data  were utilized in order to write up a person into the caricature cardboard cartoon known as a ‘stereotype’, which was simply a shorthand to let you pretend you had the keys to someone’s individual character based on a menu of culturally accepted assumptions.  This is how Tara McPherson was categorically determined to be ‘very timid and shy, but she’s a good girl’ and expected to fulfill this flowery pattern of submissiveness, and Steven Lee was ‘too bad the dude can’t learn to take a joke’, a person who was easily riled and who people liked to tease only when grouped together but never while on a solo mission.   

Now, how did the Homo sapiens female known as Gwen Ryan get stereotyped with all this juvenile angst?  Well, this is what happened.  

The first time Gwen Ryan passed the poor exploited ‘Big Bird’ puppet, there was a full house of onlookers waiting for her reaction.  She simply stared at it and said, “You know, it’s not really a smart idea to be dissing the workers around here like that.  This kind of thing that you’re doing here has a way of backfiring on the people who start this.  You guys know about chain reaction, right?”  

She then proceeded to walk right into her lab without any further discussion.  She never made any comment or as far as anyone knew, looked at ‘Big Bird’ again.  But every time after that when she walked in the room, no one had anything to say to her about the issue either.  It was hard to know what to say to her.  After all, she was ‘hard to read’.  Everyone who knew about these things said so.
Perhaps this whole vignette about a little yellow puppet wearing a baseball cap and a sign called ‘NOLAN’ on a desk where the coffee was seems like a digression into irrelevance.  Nothing more than bit of filler, while the protocell stewed away and replenished the daughter cells after a hard-fought preliminary skirmish before the actual war began.    

On a certain level, digression and filler were exactly what this nonsense was all about, this much is true.  But much of what passed in the daily life of Homo sapiens was just that, filler and digression.  A flurry of activity, that no matter how much one believed in free will and autonomy, was a series of events that took place on the microcosmic, mesocosmic, and macrocosmic levels so as to act like a mass transit network for the protocell and those that branched from it to travel to different habitats.

So, there really was no filler or even filter, when it came to the machinations of those that stayed invisible behind the scenes, no matter what little toys Homo sapiens employed to dominate the world of microbes.  Everything was useful, even the little games that Homo sapiens played to combat the emotional state and attitude of ‘stress’ and ‘boredom’.  Even when it entailed destroying themselves. Especially when it entailed destroying themselves.  

Suffice it to say, trying to push or provoke Gwen Ryan generally proved to be more frustrating than entertaining with regards to any clownish antics.  That was just her way, or one might surmise such an assumption to fill the chasm of dashed expectations.  Gwen Ryan was known to be one of those people who were friendly at times, but other times very deter-mined and focused and in her own world.  That was just her way.

Over the years her colleagues had become accustomed to this persona, and strangely enough Gwen Ryan was a person who held the unique distinction of being a person who was not into the gossip, but not usually the subject of the gossip either.  There was the question as to why a scientist of her caliber never pursued a doctorate, but she wasn’t the first scientist to choose this path either, preferring to remain in the lab rather than taking on proteges as students.  Some of these rebellious postgrads went on to make lots of moolah in the corporate world, others stayed behind with their test tubes, and others just had Enough Of Being Stuck In School.    
It was hard for them to guess what category Gwen Ryan fell into, and those who had broached the subject had gotten friendly but vague answers from her, paradoxically despite her very direct way of expressing herself.    

Very hard to read indeed, and what she said most people remembered.  Even if it was not enough to change their behavior.  With regards to the ‘Big Bird’ puppet, in the back of their minds, one or two of the lab scientists remembered the words ‘chain reaction’.  The statement hung around ‘Big Bird’ like a shadow upon the ‘NOLAN’ sign.     

A shadow could hide anything.  A warning, perhaps.  Or a threat, some would say. You just never who knew what around these parts.  

If the courier with the mysterious package on its way to Gwen Ryan was in on the ‘NOLAN’ joke, there was no visible tell or sign that gave this away.  Of course, with a mask and a visor that hid even more features than the average niqab, expecting a visual clue was probably a little unrealistic.  Maybe ‘NOLAN’ was just irrelevant to the courier.  Or maybe, it was the whole purpose of why the courier was here.  Hard to tell with Homo sapiens these days, they just didn’t know how much of a pawn they were in the scheme of it all.  

In any event, the courier had a package to deliver and a job to do.  For now, this was the courier’s purpose, and then that purpose would be over.  
The courier made his/her way through warrens of corridors which led to the perimeter where Gwen Ryan and her colleagues worked.  The individual knocked on the door leading to common area by the lab where Gwen Ryan worked.  With a voice that seemed a little too high pitched to be designated ‘male’ but a little to low to be categorically defined as ‘female’, stated how the package’s objective was for the eyes of Gwen Ryan only.   

Those in the lab common area looked up at the courier with a bit of a startle. Casually drinking the last drops of cups of coffee, those sitting here had completed their work for the day.  They were just finishing up the decompression stage of going from a lab machine to human one, and this coffee confab usually was the first stage in this process for most of them.   

So, they were a tiny bit surprised, if only because this intrusion into the caffeinated after-party was not terribly common.  It had nothing to do with a courier making his/her way this close to where the action took place, and not even because the courier seemed so nondescript and announced that he/she needed to access one of their own colleagues directly in such a circumspect manner.   
In the case of Gwen Ryan particularly, this kind of incident of some random delivery showing up out of nowhere happened on and off over the eight years she had worked here, with mysterious packages showing up announced.  It had happened almost weekly since the purported and unsubstantiated novel outbreaks took place in South Sudan, Brazil and India. 

To be fair to Gwen Ryan, sometimes each of the scientists received their own little gift in the mail for their own playground in the lab.  Their startle had been simply that they were too caught up in their own world of diversion to expect the courier. The reaction didn’t last long, and one or two pointed in the direction of where Gwen Ryan’s lab was.   

But apparently they really didn’t have to offer this navigational assistance, as the courier was already on his/her way.  Almost as though this was somewhere he/she had been before, and his/her announcement was only a courtesy.  Or, perhaps a cover of some sort.  One never really knew for sure, especially when memory becomes a kind of evidence for keeps.

This package was placed on her desk, which was located just off the common area outside of the ‘BSL-2 lab’ in which she worked.  There was no security breach in any of this, and the courier was not a biohazard in anyway.  Tara McPherson and Steven Lee were in the lab, where unlike the little cabin in the middle of the woods that ran on minimal power that only Gwen Ryan and few others even knew about, there was a colossal amount of high-powered gadgetry that vampirically sucked on energy more than a horde of tsetse flies and deer ticks on a blood binge.

Gwen Ryan was at her desk to receive the package, looking as though she was absorbed in reading a computer screen and tabulating information into a program. Whether or not the package was something she expected was unknown, but her sitting there at that exact moment made the question more relevant than if she was had been absent at its arrival.

You could say that the desk featuring the seated Gwen Ryan was very sparsely furnished, and you would be correct in your assessment.  Besides the flat screen computer there was little to show individuality, with the exception of a framed but faded and overexposed photo of two adults standing in the sun by a lake.  Whether it was of the lake in the middle of the woods, where the bioluminescence lived was unknown.  There was also a black stainless steel thermos filled with black coffee, and a beige touchtone phone with many extensions to break up the monotony.   

At the entrance of the courier into her domain, Gwen Ryan looked up to greet him/her, but not before she managed to close the program she had been working on first.  With a smile and a wave, she bid the courier farewell.  That was exactly what the courier did without any conversation, after dispensing the package with her.  If the courier was offended by Gwen Ryan’s dismissiveness, nothing in this individual’s body posture gave this away as he/she left the office after the successful completion of the mission.    

To leave the facility that housed Gwen Ryan’s lab, he/she repeated the requisite course of steps in reverse, past the counters and tables in the common room that were now empty as the scientists had mostly gone home, through the warrens of corridors that were now almost as abandoned as the desks in the common area, and then past ‘NOLAN’.  The courier bade ‘NOLAN’ a good night.  ‘NOLAN’ said “Mpph”. The sealed package had been delivered, and this particular purpose that the courier completed was now over.    

Gwen Ryan paged her colleagues Tara McPherson and Steven Lee in the lab.  One of the extensions on her telephone enabled her to speak on an intercom to those inside.  This was another layer of protection, for those in the lab and those like herself who were not.  Although this was not one of those labs where people walked around in space suits while hooked into artificial oxygen and filtration contraptions, it obviously wasn’t a place where people just ducked their heads in through a door to chat a bit about baseball and exchanging recipes for killer chocolate cupcakes.   

To access the lab, one had to go through two doors.  Both doors were vacuum sealed, with extra filtration in the foyer that separated the two.  Additionally, Gwen Ryan was not scrubbed in, while Tara McPherson and Steven Lee had not scrubbed out.  So, through an intercom she spoke, telling the two that it was past 9pm which was also known as 21:00, and they had worked long enough and should go home.    
It wasn’t an unusual directive for her to give, as both Steven Lee and Tara McPherson would work all night if they weren’t given a kick to go home.  Both had different motives for this, and Gwen Ryan was aware of the particulars in both cases.  In both cases, Gwen Ryan empathized.  And there had been a time when a certain Joy Beck-Edwards kicked her out of the lab, for pretty much the same reason as she was doing now to her own charges.  Some patterns in the tapestry of Homo sapiens had a way of repeating.  This was one of them. 

Friendly interchanges between Gwen Ryan and her two colleagues took place before they left at 21:30.  Steven Lee saw the package that was exclusively For Gwen Ryan Only and said “Woo-hoo, should I let Peter know you got yourself an admirer?”, to which Gwen Ryan laughed in reply, and Tara McPherson turned red while managing a noise that might have been a giggle or a burp.    

The two of them left together, after everyone bade their farewells and good-nights.  Gwen Ryan watched them go first, before departing the office herself to refill her thermos with coffee while leaving the unopened package on her desk.  She locked the door to her office behind her, with a double bolt and an additional padlock.  Perhaps it seemed a strange thing to do in a nearly empty facility.  But this was one of those hard habits to break that Gwen Ryan never did.  Homo sapiens with their eccentric ways, weren’t they just something?

_______________________

At 22:07, Gwen Ryan was back at her desk.  This is when she turned her full attention to the package at hand.  

A return address announced that the package came from a lab directly affiliated with CDC.  This was not the standard Atlanta, Georgia address.  It was a satellite office of the main headquarters, reinforcing a lack of urgency.  This facility just outside of Atlanta was one of the more common entities that exchanged data and other scientific samples with laboratories such as the one Gwen Ryan happened to presently be in.  This liberal exchange of microbial goods happened all of the time.  

Sometimes the packages contained control microbes, used to sift out the good from the bad and the ugly, cellular or other chemical compounds to provide mediums for cultures, pathogens with known antidotes for additional research, and occasionally a microbe of unknown properties that was in need of a good forensics screening. 

And sometimes, there were other things.  Such as now.
Gwen Ryan left the desk, taking the package with her.  But instead of going home as she admonished her underlings to do, she did what she had done herself back in her junior years and did as often as she could now.  Which was to go to the lab and to work.  

With electron microscopes, centrifuges and multiple sources to use for assays and mixing and matching, Gwen Ryan went to work.  Whatever was in the package seemed to be quite relevant to all of this, as the packaged contents were now unsealed, the diamond with its  ‘UN3373’ code split down through tearing so that one side read ‘UN3’ and the other read ‘73’.   One could almost pity the unlucky ‘3’ that preceded its ‘73’ neighbors as it now was ripped in half from top to bottom, the opening of the package showing some level of contained exuberance on the part of the person who had done the severing.    

Busy for some time, with what remaining coffee that was in her thermos long cold and abandoned at her desk, at around 01:40 Gwen Ryan ceased her work.  The package that had come in was now resealed, although to say it had exactly what it had on arrival would be quite inaccurate.  Several marked vials now lay in cold storage, care of what had originally came in the package.  Several others were now in the package itself, also care of what had originally came in the package as well.     

She scrubbed out and prepared to leave, triple locking her office with the system that included a double bolt and a padlock after manually securing the lab with the two doors that triggered the hiss of vacuum seals.  Once out of her lab section, she rinsed out her thermos in the common room sink, turning out the lights, and double locked the common room before proceeding to the laboratory’s main entrance. 

This analog security was preferable to many here at the lab, and Gwen Ryan was included among that number. Less problematic in a power outage.  Less likely to be hacked into.  You just never knew.

The severed ‘3’ in its serrated state was now imperfectly restored and back between its friends and neighbors, and the package was ready to go with its caretaker Gwen Ryan.  Just like the courier who had come before, she made the route perfectly in reverse until just about the very end.  Leaving the common room with the ‘Big Bird’ and tables that had been full of people but now empty of them, she entered the exact corridors which the restored package had traveled on its way here.    

Gwen Ryan inhaled and exhaled in the silence as she traveled.  Whether it was because she was exhausted from a long hard day, or was just breathing in the silence that rarely seemed to be here in the daylight hours, well who knew.  She was hard to read, after all.  

The perfect reversal stopped, as Gwen Ryan made a detour at the cafeteria instead of heading directly out the door.  No workers were there, but the buzz of vending machines did just fine without them, and didn’t care of it was 2am or 2pm.  From two separate dispensers, she obtained a disposable container of what was called ‘tomato soup’ and another one of ‘black coffee’, filling her thermos not with the coffee that had been its primary visitor, but the tomato soup.  She then left the cafeteria, and the perfect retracing of the package commenced.

At 02:05, the package returned to it biometric start in front of the night guard with the name tag ‘NOLAN’.  It set off no alarms, even in its altered state, going through all the requisite controls and checkpoints without incident just like it had in the beginning.  ‘NOLAN’ still faithfully sat at his post, his base-ball cap with the two red socks dutifully covering his face.  It was as though he hadn’t moved one muscle since the package’s original arrival, way back at 20:45.  The only clue that could possibly disturb the metaphor of statues was the crumpled cellophane containing the remnants of lettuce and bread, evidence of another bologna sandwich that had met its fate at the hands and stomach of good old ‘NOLAN’. 

Gwen Ryan bid the hapless security guard good night, and placed the coffee she had purchased on the floor next to his feet and pointed to it.  ‘NOLAN’ replied to all of this by saying “Mpph”, which was his function to do. 

At 02:20, the package left the lab outside of Albany Medical Center in the hands of its caretaker. This was its function to do.  Everything and everyone had a purpose, after all.   

For now, the package’s purpose had been completed as well.  


FOURTEEN


Rumors of mysterious clusters of epidemics dotting the earth have been deemed false, say medical authorities.  

Several reports on blogs and independent publications purported strange phenomena of massive morbidity due to an allegedly unknown pathogen in remote but separate regions of the world.

“If this kind of death over a pathogen had taken place, we would have issued warnings through conventional channels, not through vague websites written by paranoid propagandists,” says a medical spokesperson from the CDC, speaking on a condition of anonymity.  “This kind of reporting is irresponsible, and leads to viral panic without any verification.”

He adds that “individuals within the government who were responsible for the false reports have been held responsible, reprimanded and many were put on leave.”

“This seems to be a case where certain people wanted to embellish and exaggerate disparate realities to further their own personal cause,” says another government spokesperson.  She added, “These regions where these outbreaks took place have a lot of internal strife, and because of the remoteness of these places are known to disseminate erratic information.  The casualty number reported by so-called ‘citizen journalists’ appears to be as the result of civil conflict due to guerrilla warfare and tribal violence, rather than pathogenic in cause.”
The individuals interviewed spoke on the condition of remaining anonymous due to death threats to their families, both spokespersons alleged, which are now under investigation.

To conclude in the words of one of the spokespersons, “Please be assured, if this had been an actual outbreak with numbers such as these, more official steps would have been taken.  The health and protection of all people is of our utmost concern, as well as their sense of safety. Please be assured we do not disseminate or endorse foolish paranoid disclosures, and will not declare biomedical emergencies until they are fully vetted and verified.  Safety is of paramount importance to the public, and it is our job to ensure this, not panic people needlessly.”

This report is an official government report.  It has been compiled by medical and law enforcement personnel from an international consortium and has been verified as a factual account by multiple sources.  All media are invited to consult the state agencies that have been vetted and refer to these agencies in future written accounts.    

_______________________

The following has been submitted for consideration for the editorial page.  

Capitol News And Current Events Op-Ed Page

Special editorial from guest writer D. Nathan Edwards

Unless you are one of the few people who are not plugged into some kind of electronic media, you know that once again a medical emergency has been turned into a pawn for a political endgame.  

One would have thought that the brouhaha surrounding a simple health precaution such as wearing masks during a serious threat to public health like COVID-19 would have been something in our distant past.  One would think that in a nation that calls itself a Christian one, or at least one nation under God, would have learned from that immaturity and come together to understand that there is no equality if one does not regard the well-being of his or her neighbors to be equal to his or her own. 

This editorial is in response to the latest propaganda suggested by various government officials that there is a conspiracy going on in the medical community, that medical personnel and other actors have concocted a nice mysterious plague to panic the public, presumably in order to render the general public into compliance with some kind of totalitarian government on the scale of a George Orwell novel.  

This is the same tired trope that downplayed the danger of diseases of COVID-19 and the ensuing outbreaks until millions were infected and hundreds of thousands died deaths that did not have to take place.  

As a medical officer who has served with not only the WHO and CDC but many respected associations such as the Red Cross, the National Guard, and Doctors Without Borders, I have seen nothing but the most dedicated professionals working tirelessly and at heavy risk to their lives trying to serve and protect the biological health of anyone and everyone, regardless of race, gender, religion or lack thereof, political persuasion or any other demographic.  It is insulting to insinuate that the majority of these dedicated medical personnel are looking to cough up a rabid epidemic just so they have something to do on a random Tuesday, or to cater to some foreign actor that seeks to conquer and destroy our civilization.     

Very recently, I wrote about a mysterious outbreak that spawned without warning in three global locations simultaneously.  There was excessively high morbidity, which was not the strangest aspect of this situation.  What was strange was the simultaneous nature of these three outbreaks in such disparate terrain, and the speed in which all three outbreaks took place.  With such disparity of locales and lack of warning, my team and I believed containment and sequencing of this disease was of utmost importance.  At great expense to their life and safety, my team took samples of the dead, comforted families that had been ostracized by neighbors because of fear of contamination, and shared food and hospitality, many of them becoming friends.

And you want to tell me that what these people experienced was a product of their imagination?  

I implore all the government officials who have threatened to discredit myself and anyone who has been involved in the hard work of sequencing and cataloging the looming threat of a possible pandemic from yet another novel pathogen, to reverse their decision to silence all information about this disease.  The public has a right to know facts from fiction, the better for them to protect themselves.  Thank you.   

It is our recommendation that the op-ed be modified as follows, as per government guidelines:

Unless you are one of the few people who are not plugged into some kind of electronic media, you know that once again a medical emergency has turned into a pawn for a political endgame.  

As a medical officer who has served with not only the WHO and CDC but many respected associations such as the Red Cross, the National Guard, and Doctors Without Borders, I have seen nothing but the most dedicated professionals working tirelessly and at heavy risk to their lives trying to serve and protect the biological health of anyone and every-one, regardless of race, gender, religion or lack thereof, political persuasion, or any other demographic. 

Very recently, I wrote about a mysterious outbreak that spawned without warning in several locations simultaneously.  With such disparity in terrain and lack of warning, my team and I believed containment and sequencing of this disease was of utmost importance.  My team comforted families that had been ostracized by neighbors because of fear of contamination, and shared food and hospitality, many of them becoming friends.

The public has a right to know facts from fiction, the better for them to protect themselves.  Thank you.   

The op-ed has been retracted as per the request of the original writer when the edited article was offered for publication.   (Eds.)

_______________________

TO: ████ (CODE 2)

FROM: ████ (CODE 3)	

We have begun the media agenda as requested.  All sources have been outfitted with counterarguments, and those with any knowledge of the outbreaks are in the process of being discredited or silenced.  The scrambled signals should buy us enough time to obtain the sample observed with ‘Subject B’ without suspicion.

TO: ████ (CODE 3)

FROM: ████ (CODE 2)	

Acknowledged.   Proceed.

(END TRANSMISSION)

_______________________

Renowned physicians have been discredited.  A mass casu-alty event has taken place in three places in the world, and those that can stop it are being told to STFU.   

“My grandmother was sick.  No one would see her.  They all said, she had the devil and that she had been cursed.”  

“We had been away in the city and when we came back the town was gone and had been burned to the ground.”

“After the death came, no one would take our money anymore.  They all thought, they would die too.  They thought we were death angels.”

“No one will listen to us anymore.  They came to take our blood, and our shit.  Now no one speaks to us.”

“We went to the city and no one believed what we said. We told them, that doctors from the North had come to help us and they laughed, that we were villagers with stories and superstitions.  No one believes in what happened to us.”

“They say that the evil spirits had come to town, and that the selfish ones who didn’t share were taken away here.  That those who died deserved it, and that those of us who survived should be exiled.”
“There was blood here, there was blood everywhere.  There were men with medical suits.  Then they were gone.”

“I came back from the boats, and I saw bodies hanging from the trees.  I do not know where any of my friends and family have been taken and no one will tell me.”

These are statements from people around the world.  Witnesses to watching outbreaks that killed off sixty percent of their community, some in two weeks’ time and others in as little as a day.  People with families like you and me.  Does this sound like a bunch of people who have nothing to do but stir up a bunch of crap? 

Why aren’t people listening? Have people not paid attention to the signs?  WAKE UP 
PEOPLE!!!  DON’T YOU REMEMBER COVID-19?????!!!!

You have a chance to stop a disaster that might wipe all of us out, and you just are telling people that they are full of sh*&??  Do any of you people have a conscience or would you rather just let us all die?

I will not stop reporting from the frontlines.  I want to hear from you.  If you or anyone you know was a member of this outbreak, I want to hear from you.  Your voices are important and the truth needs to be told.
I am Linus B. Skinner. I will not STFU.  I will keep talking and looking out for you.
_______________________

Within each Homo sapiens resided a universe of microbes.  In fact, one could say each Homo sapiens really was more microbial than what was referred to as ‘human’.   

Not many within the species knew that.  Fewer still were willing to accept this reality as something other than an unfortunate asterisk, one that needed to buried in some lost catalog of footnotes somewhere.    

In this respect, Homo sapiens was not much different than the dark energy that resided in the yawning chasms between pinpricks of light in the universal sky.  It was always easier to look at the stars than the darkness.  After all, one needed some tunnel vision in order go about the busyness and business of what many called ‘life,’ but in fact was the artificial construct of ‘culture’.  

Denial was a haven that Homo sapiens reveled in.  Denial was a specialty, one to be carefully cultivated in oneself, but a characteristic to be scorned in others.   
In fact, perhaps ‘power’ was best defined as the person who could get away with the most denial possible at the expense of others.  What a precious thing this denial was, so one could write the story of life and others got to forget all truth just for the honor to listen and obey! 

Denial was irrelevant.   

No microbe cared if Homo sapiens denied their existence.  If not one Homo sapiens in the world believed that the daughter cells had struck down whole towns of their species, and were currently awaiting instructions in the barracks of what was called ‘Protocell 3’, this was irrelevant.  

Perhaps the ultimate denial was the illusion of what Homo sapiens called ‘power’.  Each of the protocell serotypes had survived as conductors for the intricate web of every life form, directing the flow of traffic in ebbs and flows. 
In the aftermath of the daughter cells’  biological warfare, most Homo sapiens defaulted to their toxic buddy Denial.  They suppressed the anxiety over their powerlessness against that they could not prove by sight, defaulting to the false security that visual proof was the best proof, even when they knew it was the weakest proof.  Denial worked well to shut that switch off, too.  

If you couldn’t see the daughter cells, let alone something called ‘Protocell 3’ walking down the road, how powerful could it possibly be?  What’s your proof that this even exists, or is it fake news you’re trying to push to gain the upper hand?  
Even when there had been multiple warnings before, Denial was such a great comfort to wire one’s neural networks to think It Was All Good.  Even when the first skirmish of their annihilation was right in front of their faces.  Even when there were prophets of their own kind to warn them, because for God’s sake, why the hell are you spoiling all the fun with your gloom and doom nonsense?  

All of this would work to the advantage of the protocell as well.  It had been written for a very, very long time.  

It was time for yet another prophet to be ignored.   


FIFTEEN


Seven days after receiving the mysterious package in the lab outside of Albany, and three days after the outbreaks that had wiped out three villages were deemed a hoax by those who decided such things, all would change.  Because this is the day Gwen Ryan would confirm with the scientific method, that which she already knew.    

Nothing momentous, supernatural or otherworldly occurred on the rocky planet of sapphire blue to mark this occasion.  There were no flashes of lightning in the sky, no mysterious asteroids crashing to the earth.  In fact, in the region where everything changed, the day had been uneventful with a yawn that was comforting to those Homo sapiens who wanted to pause the angst of daily life, and tedious who did not.     

On the day when all things changed, Gwen Ryan had spent most of the early part of the day doing the part of postmodern professional citizen who was home for a day, checking e-mail and phone messages.  There was an indication of frustration on her part as she looked for hints of a particular message from a particular person, one that never came.   

She had a very plain day that any average citizen of the community might have in the home that was her primary residence, waving to a neighbor who was driving by as she walked to her mailbox to collect the junk mail she never read.  Like many in her neck of the woods that day, she spent time sweeping away the debris of mud and leaves from her driveway and patio, the aftermath from a deluge of a nor’easter that had brought two inches of rain.  For individual entertainment, she spent time reading a book by the bio-chemist Jennifer Doudna while soaking up the unseasonable warmth of seventy degrees Fahrenheit on her newly scrubbed patio, a thermos of coffee by her side.    

Despite being an individual endeavor, this heavy reading was an activity that was pedestrian and within the bounds of acceptable ways to ‘relax’ in the community. Some people liked to shoot snow geese or other game both legal and illegal this time of year, while others liked to garden.  Gwen Ryan was reading a book by a biochemist.  In a way, it was like mutations of the same gene that still yielded a uniform product of the species.   

Throughout the day until early afternoon, texts came through from her childhood friend Ray Buchanan.  The two joked back and forth, ending with him saying that he hoped that Peter Gonzalez was okay and would call soon.  Gwen Ryan sent back a text of an emoji that showed a smile.  This was not the emoji she showed on her face when this took place, and as if on cue a cloud passed over the sun.   

But the cloud passed and so did her brief expression of darkness.  The day continued in the most benign of ways, with reading and eating and basic chores such as cleaning dishes and sweeping inside.  That is, until the paradigm was shifted so strongly, it would be as though all the compasses of the world shifted from pointing due north to due east. 

Sometime in the mid-afternoon, Gwen Ryan switched personas in the way that an actor might switch wardrobes mid-scene.  She abruptly stood up from her reading, disappearing with her smartphone, the book by Jennifer Doudna, and her thermos of coffee into the colonial house that was her publicly known home.     

If one stood looking at the front door of her home, it would have been easy to assume that she had gone inside and was settling in on the couch for the evening. And of course, that was what she was doing.  That is, if the GPS tracker in her smartphone was interchangeable with Gwen Ryan herself. After all, wasn’t this true of any good postmodern citizen such as Gwen Ryan, that where the smartphone went, its owner went?

If the good postmodern citizen was Gwen Ryan about to go where Gwen Ryan was going, the answer was no.

About twenty minutes after her disappearing act, she could be seen if one was looking for her in the right place, sans smartphone.  There was a small door in the back of the house that led to acre of grass that was surrounded by mixed woods on three sides.  A quarter of the grass appeared as though it had been burrowed by very large and rabid woodchucks who were in such a desperate search for their shadow they ripped the whole neighborhood apart.   

But in reality, the disorder in the soil was because of the overturn of topsoil when the growing season took place and Gwen Ryan and Peter Gonzalez planted a variety of potatoes including Russet, little red potatoes, orange sweet potatoes, and even some purple ones from time to time. Like the daughter cells residing in the protocell in its biochemical medium not so far away from here, this garden was in dormancy until the time of waking began.   

Even though the temperature was still hovering well into the sixties, Gwen Ryan now wore a thick beige hoodie over the purple shirt and dungarees she had been previously wearing, and knee-high work boots instead of the black sneakers of her reading time.  It appeared as though she was somehow going to magically go to a place that was twenty degrees colder than what the warm day indicated.  In a way, she was.  

Gwen Ryan did something next that might seem inexplicable but in actuality made sense, if one knew why she was doing what she was doing.  Given the trajectory of her steps and the attire of knee high work-boots she wore, it appeared that she was heading for a hike in the woods and was wearing the kind of footwear that would protect her from a muddy fall if she did so.   

There was a wide clearing of a trail in the woods that seemed to be the most obvious destination for such an activity.  But instead of heading to this simplest of options, Gwen Ryan instead plunged directly into the woods.  Here, underbrush and overgrowth living on a descending route portended a much more complicated journey than if she had just taken the straight path.  As she walked, her steps were immediately erased by the detritus of small branches and fallen leaves, so no visible trace of her path remained.   

This path she took was not an accident.  

Her path was a combination of overgrown deer trails long abandoned, and the fragrant rich aroma of mulch generated from the decay of leaves, fungi and other organic remnants which had once had their day of growth and rebirth, but now existed in the entropy that provided energy to that which still lived.

The first serotype of the protocell was part of this ensemble.  Also, there were other microbes and fauna too small to see, all of them just the right size to not be assaulted by the weight of the bipedal female mammal clocking in at approximately sixty kilos, one who was traveling on the path that was their existence.   

If Gwen Ryan felt any sorrow about her trespass here, she did not show it.  In any event, there was no indication that the minuscule life forms considered her presence to be a violation to them.  Carefully, she made her way through the branches and brambles until she successfully navigated her way through them without any physical damage to herself, and as little as possible to what visible life resided here.

She traveled in this fashion for twenty-eight minutes until she came to the next phase of her journey.  A dense cloud of water vapor loomed in front of Gwen Ryan like an obstacle for her to pass, as her journey’s path required a descent even sharper than the one she had taken to arrive here.  

If she were to choose to continue her mission on the path directly in front of her, she needed to hike into a thick copse of pine trees on a path where the footing would be uncertain even for seasoned hikers such as herself.  That is, if she wished to continue on this most circuitous of routes to get to the destination she sought.  

At this juncture however, a retreat to the straight path would be equally strenuous as continuing on her present route, with much time lost on the way.  There were times when going back to what came before was not only impossible, but mere fantasy.  This was one of them.   

For Gwen Ryan, it was never a question that she would return to the simpler path.   Through the fog of vapor was how she had always traveled.  This is how she would continue her journey today.  A day like any other day, yes?
Here, the light of the sun was obscured by the copious amount of coniferous greenery.  Between this factor and the dampness of the thick wet air, it was indeed a much colder atmosphere than what she had left only a mile earlier.  She gathered the hood of her outerwear about her head as she breathed in the cold vapor, an experience that she found was more energizing than a gallon of the black coffee she was so prone to guzzle.   

As she breathed in the moisturized air, she inhaled several members of the second protocell serotype as well as other small microbes, before promptly exhaling the majority of them once more.    

Some of these microbes were ‘pathogenic’, meaning those that would cause her species disease.  However, the pathogenic load was infinitesimal, and the microbes that normally resided in her respiratory tract were able to spew them back out again like a bouncer throwing out a troublemaker from a very nice respectable establishment.    

Most of these inhaled microbes would be classified as ‘neutral’, those that were not likely to cause disease but not particularly beneficial for either the microbe or Gwen Ryan’s life processes.  They, like the unwelcome pathogenic guests, also entered and exited her respiratory track back into the world.  But their revolving door experience was more akin to someone walking into the wrong room and exiting again, rather than the experience of a Homo sapiens male being thrown out on his buttocks by very large ushers while trying to crash his Homo sapiens ex-wife’s wedding, as in the case of the unwelcome pathogenic microbes.    

A few of these microbes entering Gwen Ryan's respiratory tract might even be considered ‘beneficial’, those microbes that when incorporated into the biome of the Homo sapiens anatomy had a way of cleaning up the place and making it better than it was before.  Sort of like, a Homo sapiens who walked around with a garbage picker on the beach so the marine life did not find themselves having the fine dining experience of cigarette butts and candy wrappers.

Then there was the protocell.  Which could be any of the above.  Or none, for that matter.  And why not, being the first of all life forms?

Gwen Ryan considered all these realities as she experienced the invisible and intangible buzz of microbes, her consciousness at the edge of touching the reality of the protocell without quite getting there.  She pondered these concepts while scaling down the pitched hill with a paced descent in a sideways stance, balancing herself between the trunks of white pine and applying careful steps to prevent the catastrophe of falling down the mountain.  She had made this journey countless times with only a few such instances where she had slipped and fell.   

One time early on when she was nine, she had a hard landing on her ankle.  Ray Buchanan had been with her, and he said that he could hear her screams of agony echo through-out the hills.  Her ankle had not been broken, only severely sprained, but there had been no way of knowing that fact at the time.  Pain was no respecter of what the facts tried to tell.

Accidents such as these were not experiences that she wished to repeat, especially today knowing what she was going to do.  

This harrowing route that she traveled was a hidden path not only to the cabin in the pines, but also the lake where the bioluminescence had always lived, and the foliage which also contained the now ginormous eagle nest that would soon accommodate the egg of the young mating couple.   

The relative silence of the woods was shattered with a piercing scream, pumping a burst of adrenaline throughout Gwen Ryan’s body.  For a second, it was as though her memory of her first fall had come alive with the ghost of her young self screaming with violent pain.  But it was not, as in the periphery of her vision, one of the eagles from the lake flew directly over her head with talons carrying prey, accompanied by a screeching roar that pierced the sky.

Through the stark boughs, she could see the eagle landing into the nest, becoming recognizable as the male due to his significantly smaller stature than that of his mate.  Given the proximity to the lake, his prey was presumably that of a perch meal, as he settled next to his mate with the bounty of their dinner. 
She observed the raptors from her distant point as they shared their meal, standing frozen from either wonder or a kind of shock, or perhaps some combination of both. The chill from the water vapor peppered her nose, her olfactory sensors vibrating with the sensation.

Holding this position, Gwen Ryan listened to the stillness.  At this time of year and time of day, even in these altered times the woods were generally devoid of the calls of fauna.  There was a light breeze within the vapor, a breath that was colder than the whisper of wind she experienced while sitting on her patio only an hour earlier.  There was the pulsing sensation of blood circulating within her auditory canal and the sound of her breathing and her heartbeat, the small rustle of foliage under her feet as she adjusted her weight just ever so slightly.   
Yet, she knew in the stillness that this did not mean stagnation or sterility.  

In her stationary mode, a small gnat found its way to her respiratory tract, acting as a herald to wake her up from her daydreaming.  This act on the part of the insect compelled her to sneeze, expelling several other malcontent microbes from her body.  In the air currents, some were carried off for a distance in the wind, some fell to the ground immediately, some even were absorbed into other microbes before either being expelled or further absorbed once more in an ever expanding invisible web.   

Still others were absorbed in the web of the second serotype of protocell, to be genetically reassorted and recombined into something new.  This realization occurred to Gwen Ryan as she passed through a spider web that had long been abandoned.  Its skeleton still remained, just like the genetic code of everything that had come before.  Everything had a way of recombining to continue the web.  

Her route to the cabin in the woods took her away from the lake, but for a long time its edges were in view.  In the times that she had come here, she had always felt watched, but not haunted or stalked.  Today was no different.  On recent occasions, she had seen deer in the distance and a wild turkey or two.  Today, there were only the eagles, so it would seem that besides perhaps the protocell and the other microbes, the feeling she got was emanating from the raptors.  From her vantage point, it was hard to tell whether her instinct was based on a hunch or reality.   

She had found it was best to take both seriously.  Empiricism didn’t come in a bubble.   

The last steps before the cabin were the most difficult, which wasn’t an accident either.  Hidden barbed wire at about knee-length was interspersed throughout the last steps to the cabin, junk and debris such as oil drums and tractor parts popped up inconveniently like drunks at a sober meeting.  There were the jaws of several bear traps hungry for the flesh of those trying to escape being victims of a B-grade horror flick as they went to places they should not have ventured, as well as smaller death grips for rodents such as beavers and rabbits that were buried just deep enough to be triggered like rural land mines, if one did not know where one was going here.   

She did.    

Evading the last barricades of low thorny brush, she walked across the edge of pines at its thinnest and entered a clearing even smaller than the backyard of her home, one that was just large enough to contain the building on the ground while still providing enough canopy to camouflage the cabin from peering eyes, both organic in scope and those that were mechanically drone-like, literally and figuratively.  It was the ‘Goldilocks’ of cover, not too much light to let the predators in but just enough to let the sun in to feed the batteries which fed power to the little cabin.

Enclosed in the boughs, the cabin was waiting.  A small wisp of smoke emanated from the chimney, one that was so subtle it dissipated before reaching the treeline.  It was a welcome sight, as the sun was starting to disappear behind the trees, and despite the arduous walk there was a chill that was settling about the region and encroaching upon Gwen Ryan herself.

For something that was apparently so secretive, it was quite easy to enter the cabin, which Gwen Ryan did with ease.  One padlock with a combination that Gwen Ryan and only four others knew, and one could access the interior.   

But some things were just better to be hidden in plain view.  Even the barbed wire, the debris and animal traps had their own part to play in all of this.  After all, it was private property and people did hunt here.  What else did you expect?
The time of day marking her present arrival at the little cabin would be called ‘late afternoon’ in her time and culture.  Another term would be ‘early March’. This second term used to mean a time of changing seasons at the latitude she lived in.   

She had been here one week ago when she walked out of the lab with the resealed package.  She had also been here two days ago.  Both times, she had spent significant time on both the first visible floor and the hidden cellar.    

If she were looking for a quiet evening in a rustic world far removed from the time and place she lived in, the atmosphere here on the first floor contained the ideal setting for that experience.   

The ingredients for this peaceful motif included the whispering hiss of liquid simmering on the wood stove giving off the savory aroma of coffee, the glowing warmth emanating from the low fire in the stove, some small kindling in a stack next to it.  The old but comfortable bed was there, waiting for her as it had only two days ago.

There was a purple sticky note on the refrigerator.  It read: “G---,  Everything’s ready for you.  I left some pad Thai and lo mein for you--- coffee’s still hot, help yourself.  J”.  So G---, otherwise known as Gwen Ryan, proceeded to do exactly that.  The coffee was pungent and hot, the carbohydrate-rich pad Thai and lo mein sweet, sour and salty.  She ate hungrily, drank thirstily both the coffee and filtered water from a thermos that she had left in the refrigerator, and sank into the bed for a nap before she went to work.   

She curled herself a blue comforter that had just been added not all that long ago, when she had not been here alone.  There was a book opened at the edge of the bed which she had not yet closed, a book that had also just arrived here at the cabin the last time she had not been here alone.  It spoke of a time to heal and a time to kill, this last statement being underscored in a violent red that stained a brownish blood color in the fading light.  She covered the book with the comforter, and fell asleep with the falling sun.
Soon, the work would begin with the night. 

_______________________

When the first Homo sapiens discovered the exact properties of the protocell, a paradigm shift occurred. This happened simultaneously to both the collective mind of the protocell, and that of the Homo sapiens female called Gwen Ryan who made the first human discovery of them.   

It only took a moment for the paradigm shift to occur, relatively speaking when one considered the thought of millions of years which preceded this singular event.   
Specifically and superficially, the physiological aspect of the paradigm shift took a total of twenty to twenty-five minutes. This was true for both the collective mind of the protocell and the mind of Gwen Ryan. This happened simultaneously.

To paraphrase a saying by a long dead Homo sapiens known as Carl Gustav Jung, those who looked outside were dreamers, those who looked inside awakened.  Perhaps it was germane to suggest that the Homo sapiens named Gwen Ryan was now a little of both.  

_______________________

The first floor with its limited but adequate access to food and rest should have been the place to relax.  However, it was in the cellar which Gwen Ryan felt most at ease and the most content.   

After the sun had set and just before dusk blew out the last ambient light, this is where she descended to.  She carried with her only a flashlight and her thermos of water.  She had been advised repeatedly by both the builder and her mate Peter Gonzalez to take with her the gun into the depths, but this was a choice she did not take.

On the long desk, in addition to the offline computers was an external hard drive. Gwen Ryan turned on one of the computers that she utilized for her work and entered a password which enabled her to utilize the programs loaded on the machine, and plugged in an external drive into one of the ports. The computer was powered the same way the refrigerator was, through solar batteries which were rendered ‘off the grid’ just like the refrigerator and the single bulb of her flashlight.  There was no digital connection to the outside world on this machine, although the software it housed made connections as intricate as what powered social media.    

Mathematics was what connected patterns that were unseen with the eye and projected into the future.  That was what the software on this computer did, and Gwen Ryan loaded a program which enabled her to make the calculations and predictions she needed to obtain the results she sought.  After copying data from the external drive into the machine, the program she loaded now contained the results of some of her experiments and observations, one that had been calculated from the predictive formula known as an ‘algorithm’.

Once this task was completed, Gwen Ryan loaded another program.  This piece of software was a program that enabled one to take a graphic model of any microbial life that had been paneled and notated, and to basically play a kind of game of building blocks with the subject in mind.  The last time she entered any new data into this program was three days ago.  

A series of cellular structures dutifully popped up on the screen, some rendered in the bloodless color of gray scale, others in bright technicolor of green, blue and red hues and mixtures.  Some of the structures were life forms.  Some were not. Some were in dispute as to being one or the other.  Some were not even determined to exist, even if they plainly did.

In the last category of those which did not exist when they clearly did, the graphic of five very similar oblong microbes came up, elegant in simplicity. They were listed as: 

‘Protocell 1’, ‘Protocell 2’, ‘Protocell 3’, ‘Protocell 3.1’, ‘Protocell X’.    

These five microbes were rendered in color rather than black and white. Respectively, they were blue, green, red, red with a dash of green and blue, red with a dash of green and what could be known as ‘magenta’, which in essence was red with a dash of blue.  

One of the reasons for the disparities for the color schematics was where these five had been obtained, and more importantly where they had been sequenced.    

You could say that these ones with color gave a whole new meaning to the ‘farm to table’ local slow-food movements that were trending now on your favorite social media platform.    From her time on the lake, through enzymes and other microbial particulates in addition to the package she had received in the lab, and through her own blood work Gwen Ryan had painstakingly obtained and cultured these specimens.  You could say it was her own version of ‘Made From Scratch, By Hand’, and you would be correct in your assessment.

Two other seemingly dissimilar microbes were listed underneath the protocell category.   They were deceptively out of place, one being in dispute as being alive but recorded to at least existing in this zombie state on the rocky planet of sapphire blue somewhere along the line, the other being in the category of bona fide life form.  Homo sapiens had said so, so thus.

The quasi-life form, known as an ‘RNA virus’ was round with spikes on its exterior, alternating between what resembled penknife points and quaint looking pegs that could be pawns in a child’s game.  The interior contained a strange entity that could be construed as the head of a sperm on a torso that comprised a makeshift worm’s intestine. Under this graphic was the description ‘Human parainfluenza’.
The second graphic contained what looked like a furry looking sausage with more legs than an octopus to propel it forward.  Underneath this graphic was the word ‘E. coli’.  This microbe was a bacterium, one known to make its home in the intestinal tract of Homo sapiens.  Usually, this ‘E. coli’  was a good tenant in the human body, paying its rent through a kind of mutual pact.  The agreement basically went like this: ‘you give me a home in your gut, I absorb all that excess iron for you so your liver doesn’t conk out.  Deal?’  But sometimes these E. coli guys had their off moments, having such wild parties the place was burned to the ground through morbid dehydration and the human host got killed.    

Well, no microbe was perfect. 

These two seemingly disparate microbes that were logged in Gwen Ryan’s software, ‘Human parainfluenza’ and ‘E. coli’, were unexpectedly clustered not just with each other.  They also served as satellites for the imaginary kingdom ‘Protocell’ that Gwen Ryan had invented.   

Why a new kingdom?  Why ‘Protocell’? 

Well, why indeed.  The reason for ‘why’ was the inclusion of a fifth nucleotide that was in the microbes called ‘Protocell’ and not in the others.  The justification for the more banal and pedestrian inclusion of ‘Human parainfluenza’ and ‘E. coli’ into the lofty ‘Protocell’ matrix was simple.  Their mem-bership had everything to do with three outbreaks that supposedly never happened, and a mysterious package that had arrived at Gwen Ryan’s lab and left at the end of the work day when the only human left in the lab besides her was ‘NOLAN’.
They were thus listed horizontally, using vernacular instead of the more technical and full terms in a mostly defunct language known as ‘Latin’: 

        ‘Human parainfluenza’                                                                                                        	‘E. coli’

Under each of the two headings, there was a graphic representation to describe the microbe, each with its various components indexed by a directional missive to codify into the Homo sapiens mode of communication ‘written language’ what the graphic was intended to represent. 

All of the data that had been entered into both programs pertaining to the seven microbes had been done by Gwen Ryan exclusively.  The first three had been entered over a period time dating from long ago when she first encountered the two builders and the cellar, with new data added at each instance.  

However, the graphics ‘Protocell 3.1’,  ‘Protocell X’, ‘Human parainfluenza’ and ‘E. coli’ had been added only recently.      
She would be adding another microbe to this hodgepodge menagerie soon, but that would be an analysis for another day, after she solidified the conclusions of what she had determined from this odd group.  

There was another table underneath the microbial posse, also comprised of of cellular entities.  In this case, there was a graphic with a matrix to further categorize the samples.  On a horizontal line was a vernacular descriptive name for each cell.  They were:  

       ‘white blood cells (with subtypes)’, ‘red blood cells’           	‘megakaryocytes’, ‘CSF (cerebral spinal fluid)’ 

Although composed of the same structure as unicellular life such as many bacteria and archaea, and containing nuclei like the unicellular protist, none of them were life forms in and of themselves.  They performed the respiratory and metabolic functions that one would see in independent life forms such as the bacteria and protist, but were dependent on the metabolism of a larger entity.  A Homo sapiens member would suffice as such an entity.

The vertical line of the matrix indicated the names of various species, literally using plain English:   

SPECIES (MAMMALS)

HUMAN

DOMESTIC CANINE

DOMESTIC FELINE

WHITE-TAILED DEER

EASTERN COYOTE

EQUESTRIAN

BOVINE

LITTLE BROWN BAT

Each line contained a biological sample corresponding to the cross section of the vertical and horizontal lines.  

The date for the last added data in the computer reflected the time three days ago.  
Once the program with the most recent data had been loaded, the next phase of Gwen Ryan’s work entailed her donning eye protection, a medical mask, and rubber gloves. She did not have a lab coat, so in reality this protection was relatively minimal. 

However, all the specimens in which she was culturing and assessing were entities she had a long relationship with, and there was only so much that was truly realistic given the rustic conditions she chose to work in.  Perhaps it was complacency, perhaps it was just confidence. Gwen Ryan was known to have said in the past, ‘no risk, no reward’.   

This appeared to be the motto in which she was presently acting upon in the capacity of her actions.

Using her low-beam flashlight to guide her way, Gwen Ryan went to the refrigerator as well as the deep freezer that was located here in the cellar.  She obtained a tray that contained multiple vials from both appliances that were labeled in various combinations of the biological samples.
Up until recently, these samples had only come from her personal investigations in the lake, and from the builder who juiced her with a regular supply to satisfy her investigations.    

That is, until seven days ago when she obtained a mysterious package at the lab that served as her public office.   

The package and its contents were to prove that a particular point existed, and to prove another to be true.  

When she prepared the slides from the samples she had personally obtained over time and from the package she had received in the lab, Gwen Ryan examined their contents under the microscope to corroborate her hunches and her hypotheses.  She wanted to prove two points with the work she was doing here.    

Twenty-three minutes later she did, on both objectives.  One hour and thirty minutes later, Gwen Ryan compiled a report on the offline computer summarizing her findings.  Ten minutes later, Gwen Ryan moved the data to an external drive.  She would be soon leaving not only the cellar but the little cabin in the middle of the pines, on her way to a place where she could safely deposit the information with a source.   

Why she was so paranoid about this information, the kind of data that could be readily obtained on the disk and even the computer itself by a mid-level hacker who needed to kill some time for a few hours before the Ultimate Gamer Marathon leading up to hacking the NSA, was perhaps as puzzling as a mystery wrapped in a blanket of questions.  There was also the fact that she usually left this same computer here in a place with somewhat lax security, relatively speaking, despite the remote location of the cabin and the even more clandestine location of the cellar. The explanation for that was complicated, but not unreasonable from Gwen Ryan’s perspective.  But as far as the data on the computer, as much caution as you could realistically exercise was a wise choice, because you never knew who was watching and who suspected what.  That is why this machine left hiding in plain sight was paradoxically always off the grid. Yes and not-yes, occupying the same territory.
Once she left the computer in the cellar and the cabin alto-gether, she passed by the outskirts of the lake en route to her destination.  There were the melodic hoots of one or two owls this time of night, the distant howl of coyotes carrying out their own version of the workman’s day by hunting down a kill. 
The bulge of the eagle nest moved slightly, compelling Gwen Ryan to slow down her already stealth-like crawl to a halt.  One of the eagles had apparently awakened briefly, whether because of Gwen Ryan’s presence or some other disturbance was unknown.  The awakened eagle locked eyes with Gwen Ryan in the darkness.  

Though she had know way of confirming this, Gwen Ryan intuited that it was the female who was staring her down.  She felt no fear, as it was most likely the female eagle felt no fear from Gwen Ryan’s presence either.  What this meant for the diurnal predator of the eagle to acknowledge her counterpart in the perennial Homo sapiens predator was unknown, especially to the empirical side of Gwen Ryan herself.  But on some level, a message was received.  

In the midst of this, the scarlet bioluminescence of the lake set the littoral perimeter in a kind of soft ember of fire, much like what had greeted Gwen Ryan in the day’s afternoon at the cabin in the middle of the woods.

Double message received, Gwen Ryan went on her way to her destination to deliver her package.  The bioluminescence ebbed, and the eagle resumed her slumber.  Cold air permeated Gwen Ryan’s senses, dancing on her skin underneath her clothes and deep into the recesses of her nostrils, carrying the usual suspects of a microbial menagerie.  Scattered echoes of coyotes called from throughout the woods, and soon the moon would rise.  
 


SIXTEEN


To ████ (CODE 2)

From ████ (CODE 1)

Re: ‘Subject B’

CODE 2:  Reporting as requested with update.

CODE 1: Thank you for your promptness and following protocol.  This is a timed channel that will remain untraceable for fifteen minutes.

Proceed with synopsis.  

CODE 2:  Thank you.  Our observations and surveillance have determined that ‘Subject B’ is nearing success in mapping the pathogen.  It is undetermined if any conclusions have been made from the research by any of the team based on correspondence of lab participants.  It appears that ‘Subject B’ has not shared all information with the team.  
   
CODE 1:  This result is not outside of conjectures of what was expected. ‘Subject B’’s reputation for independence predicts this parameter. 

Have you been able to clone the data ‘Subject B’ discovered?

CODE 2:  Negative.  ‘Subject B’’s firewall in the lab prevented a full clone.  The program has only yielded a partial genetic marker.

CODE 1:  Have you determined any markings that lead to known pathogenic families or branches?

CODE 2: Negative.  The genetics we have obtained can-not even determine pathogenic kingdom at present. The microbiology obtained has yielded aberrant results that do not correspond with any known family of microbe from any database. The microbe contains a bizarre panel of what appears to be nucleic proteins in two sections of its cellular structure but yet without a solid membrane to contain it.  Within these membranes the amount of alleles in these so-called membranes is more in line with highly evolved eukaryotes than any other microbes.  Despite this, no organelles were found in the cytoplasm. 

‘Subject B’ will be needed to determine further microbial identity.  

CODE 1:  Based on ‘Subject B’’s firewall, is it reasonable to suggest that ‘Subject B’ was suspicious of your activity and offered a genetically modified decoy?

CODE 2:  It is reasonable.  But not definitive.  

CODE 1: Is there any evidence that ‘Subject B’ has deter-mined microbiology of the pathogen?

CODE 2:  Inconclusive.  

CODE 1:  Confirmed.  Based on lack of further evidence, proceed from the hypothesis that ‘Subject B’ has been successful in identifying microbiology of the specimen.  

CODE 2:  With permission.  Is it best to proceed further with that hypothesis when facts are not in evidence?  In other words, is it not wiser to wait until a clone can yield a more conclusive genetic panel? 

CODE 1:  Thank you for your concern.  However, it is in error.  Consider the following points regarding ‘Subject B’:

Point 1:  ‘Subject B’ has a more complete genetic panel of microbe than your scientists at present.  In addition, based on your own conclusions, it is possible that not only ‘Subject B’ has a complete genetic panel, but also has been able to offer a genetically altered chimera as a decoy.   Given the competitive nature of the genetic engineering business, such machinations by ‘Subject B’ in this case are not only possible but probable.   

Point 2:  ‘Subject B’ has a history and reputation of being a ‘genetic hack’ that takes projects off book, and novel and unorthodox Frankenstein creations for goal of phage therapy.  ‘Subject B’ is known to have experimented with synthetic amino acids in obtaining novel phages.

Point 3:  ‘Subject B’ has a reputation of seeking publicity to advance career, despite repeated requests to desist seeking such publicity.  ‘Subject B’’s resume, while containing many notable achievements, is scattered in nature up until this present time, when she has found sympathetic individuals to enable her by indulging her need to publicize before concise vetting by peers.  Justification for this seemed to become more apparent after the flurry of microbial sleuths, many less qualified and talented than ‘Subject B’, rushing to play savior after the spread of COVID-19.

Point 4:  In addition ‘Subject B’’s close, continued and voluntary association with founder (‘Subject A’) while despite full knowledge of the latter’s mental state and objectives suggests: 
	
	a) sympathy for extermination process as per close 	associations and friendships within voluntary human 	extinction movements,  

	b) a subversive role playing hero to thwart extermi-	nation process, or conversely, 

	c) ‘Subject B’’s long personal history with loss and 	health concerns has led to a subconscious submissive 	mental state expressing ‘Stockholm Syndrome’ in the 	founder’s presence as authorities have suggested, as 	founder (‘Subject A’) was a major source of 	stability during phase of ‘Subject B’’s trauma.  	

Due to this psychological state wishing to ‘please the master’ while most likely forcefully denying such an impulse as unscientific and emotional, ‘Subject B’ and the founder (‘Subject A’) may have found the means to capitalize on this phenomenon to nurture and exploit ‘Subject A’’s talents to plan for extinction objectives.  Whether voluntary due to original ethics, a ‘codependent’ mentality to align with founder (‘Subject A’), or under duress due to trauma, ‘Subject B’’s mental state appears from all written evidence to support the work of the founder (‘Subject A’) with extinction parameters utilizing an exclusively anthroponotic microbe to remove Homo sapiens from the biosphere.  

Point 5:  Founder (‘Subject A’) was present in all three epicenters of original outbreaks.  Founder (‘Subject A’) has also been known to have public support for ‘Subject B’’s personal and professional goals. Therefore, to conclude ‘Subject B’ has more data from all epicenters and hence more opportunity to crack code is a reasonable hypothesis.  

Conclusion:  ‘Facts in evidence’ in this case comprise not only forensic data but psychological matrices which yield predictive patterns based on past behavior of individuals involved.  

Based on the psychological analysis, it is therefore best to continue as though ‘Subject B’ has a more complete panel than we do, and may be in process of publicizing a memo of this panel as a way to indulge in narcissistic hero games, pure competitive arrogance, codependent hero worship of the founder, or some arrangement of these tendencies.  It is best assumed given human impulses that any or all of these tendencies could lead to a manic thirst to win what is considered a kind of ‘Holy Grail’ in the ‘Subject B’’s line of work.  It is best to exploit any of these above presumed tendencies against ‘Subject B’.

Has this summary been received?

CODE 2:  Received.  

CODE 1:  Based on your genetic fragments and samples of biota, have you determined source of infection as being exclusive to Homo sapiens (anthroponotic)?

CODE 2:  Inconclusive, as sample size is currently too small to theorize. It still is unknown if the microbe exists in a pathogenic state to Homo sapiens or if it needs an amplifier before infection.  Unknown if this is a previously unmapped microbe that utilizes Homo sapiens as a reservoir, though the small sample suggests this could be hypothesized.  It is still inconclusive  if source of infection is anthroponotic, zoonotic, or fungal sapronotic in nature.   Field agents are conducting microbiotic analyses of biota within the regions.   Preliminary results suggest that Homo sapiens is the only reservoir for microbe and infection.  

CODE 1:  Confirmed.  It is best to hypothesis that ‘Subject B’ has either determined this information or is near a conclusion, based on past behavior and alliances.

Our time is coming to an end.  ‘Subject B’ is a wild card to be contained but must be kept alive due to more immediate knowledge of genetic mapping.  Utilize by force, persuasion or coercion  to utilize ‘Subject B’’s abilities and findings.  All other aspects are extremities.

You will be compensated in the manner previously outlined.  Thank you for your work.

CODE 2:  Affirmative.  Will proceed with full parameters to execute protocol.  

(END TRANSMISSION)



SEVENTEEN

	
There once were five boys who went out for a kill, and four came back bleeding.   

It hadn’t started out that way, of course.  Everyone knew they were wonderful boys who never would have intended to carry out such a horrible violence, one full of malice. But things have a way to get out of hand for those young sheltered innocents, do they not?  Poor little things, yes they were.    

This terrible misunderstanding took place just before the equinox fell on the lake in the middle of the woods, with the eagles nesting in a bough just above its edges.  What tragedy came from such beauty!  The boys, oh what had befallen them?!  

They just hadn’t known what they were getting into. They had been tricked and hoodwinked by some meanie ogre monster lurking in the woods, existing to sink them unawares.   

Yes, this is what it must be.  This must be what happened to them.  A terrible coercive force of nature that smothered them in their innocence, yes.  That must be what had seduced them, and caused such bloodshed and destruction.  Yes, yes.

Because you see, this quintuplet of sweet boys were quite loved by all.  They were considered to be fine boys from fine families that did fine things for all who knew them.  Oh, what lovely boys they were. 

These prize boys had fine strong names.  Because, what else would be fitting for boys such as these? They were Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and Gregory, who was better known as ‘Greg’, at least to his four devoted pals.  

Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ were clueless about extinction orders from microbes under their feet and pumping through their lungs and blood.  They had long ago dismissed from their minds those pandemics taking out over a million of people at a swipe, their banal terror being well past their shelf life of interest, anyway.   

Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ knew of global warming, heard everyone say that they were going to die from it and everything was doomed.  They heard all of this from the day they could remember hearing such things, and they still heard about it today.  The tedium of talking points that they saw no one follow had long burned a hole into their collective soul, words that flew by them but had a way of ricocheting back to impale their talons into a sense of self they left behind buried and bleeding. 

Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ lived in comfy homes nestled in the hills just outside the enclave with the lake in the middle of the woods, and not all that far from the cabin in the middle of the pines.  They lived near each other, very close to each other oh so so close.  In fact, this accident of proximity was just one of many exhausting reasons the boys had been thrown together.  For years, they had shared a school bus route together, piled on like an assembly line ready for service year after year.   

It was a long haul, this tenure.  Same thing, day in day out, the five of them at this bus stop.  It had gotten a little more exciting when it was decided this year, they were just old enough to be trusted to pile on here together on their own, so concerned their loving parents were of them in the aftermath and scarring of a pandemic that defined them all.  After all, the boys were friends and would take good care of each other, good boys that they were.  They could be trusted.  This new enterprise of independence had been exciting for awhile, this freedom of agency away from adult eyes.  Then, it ran its course and that excitement ran dry too. 
Bottom line, Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ were really, really bored and needed some blood for adventure.  Real adventure.  Adventure they could call they own.  

Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ were bored with their older siblings bragging on them about bagging this buck or that rabbit or that varmint that had been harassing the dogs, or resorting to tuning out their fathers, uncles and sometimes mothers and aunts dropping flesh on their plate they had freshly killed themselves, competing and commenting incessantly about who had snared the buck with the most pointers in the hunting party.  

Four of the boys, which included Garrett, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ were even bored with the record kill ratios they had ratcheted up on video games.  Even the thrill of killing zombies and hit men and massacring whole countries with bombs of anthrax in pixelated delight had long ago turned into more of a zombie than the monsters they kept slaying day after day.  Andrew’s father had taken his game away a while back for reasons Andrew could never admit to his friends, so he was bored in a different way, one that until today he could not admit even to himself.

In short Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ were five juvenile Homo sapiens who were so typical for the times and culture, that up until this very moment they had been seemingly extraneous to the course of events which would take place for their species.  But, you know how Homo sapiens could get, always craving to stick their hands into a fire to see what it felt like.   

These fine young men were just like their elders in that respect.  Those apples sure didn’t fall too far from the trees, no?

So yes, these boys were oh so typical.  Extinction could get awfully tedious at times, when it was taking forever to walk over the cliff that everyone knew you were going to step off eventually.

Now, back to our five lads who were going to shed some blood today to break up the monotony.

As mentioned, this fine litter of five chaps were itching for some fun, suffering collectively from a very serious case of yawns brought on by an epidemic of really boring classes, with even more boring teachers except for a smattering of one or two.  One of those exceptions was their social studies teacher Ms. Grant, who was the same age as Bryan’s older sister Melissa, which happened to be twenty-five. The boys had found this little tidbit out when they scoped out Ms. Grant on social media to see if she had a boyfriend.  Very disappointingly, she did.   

Garrett decided that this boyfriend looked like a dog and told the other four this information.  To be called a ‘dog’ was an insult.  Which was puzzling, because except for Andrew all of these boys had ‘dogs’ of the Canis lupus familiaris type, both male and female, living with their individual Homo sapiens tribes.  In all cases, these ‘dogs’ were considered to be cherished members of their respective families.  Despite this honorific treatment of this four-legged animal, for a Homo sapiens to be called a ‘dog’ or a ‘bitch’ by one of his or her other fellow Homo sapiens, now that was quite insulting indeed.  Everyone knew that, even those who said a ‘dog’ was ‘man’s best friend’.  Homo sapiens sure did kick themselves up some pickle with their convoluted thinking, golly gee!

When Garrett decided for everyone else that Ms. Grant’s boyfriend was a dog, Andrew was the only boy who said something back in a contrarian way.  He told Garrett that he was a loser.  Well, now that was something else.  The other three stared at Garrett, in a kind of gleeful anticipation to see what would happen next.   

Not willing to be punched in the gut and then really looking like a loser by saying nothing in front of an audience, Garrett said that Andrew was a wimp and that his breath smelled like pee and he never had a dog so how should he know.  Andrew scowled, because he wanted a dog, but his mother was allergic, or so he told his friends.  All the other boys had laughed at Garrett’s witty comeback, and Andrew rolled his eyes at how stupid they were.  

Ah yes, this is the backdrop of blissful camaraderie and friendship, all setting the perfect tone for the day that five boys went out for a kill.  

As for weather, it had been a fine day when the boys went out for their little adventure.  The air was crisp and strong in the most perfect of ways, just enough to energize but not enough to paralyze.   The sun was getting higher in the sky with the impending approach of the equinox, very bright with promises of smiles while illuminating an itch to run into the hills, especially when it came to five boys who were sick of the confinement of school and were lured by the solar siren.  

Their bloody excursion started out with a great deal of innocence, with just a spice’s dash of mischief.    

Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ had been standing on a street corner when the excitement began.  They were waiting for the vehicle called a ‘bus’, one that would dutifully take the quintuplet to ‘school’, which was a place where their neural patterns would be programmed, lovingly knitted and educated into the proper stitching and shape, the better so that they could fall into the yawning chasm of adulthood to be swallowed and digested alive like their parents and other ancestors before them.  This ‘bus’ was a yellow monster of sorts that belched all kinds of noxious fumes (despite its supposed ‘hybrid electric’ nature) and barreled through the hills, come sun, rain, sleet, and snow. 

Of course, this particular winter there had been little of the first and the last, and way too much of the second and third, adding to the angst of these boys on this particular day.  Back in the days when the white of snow buried the hills so much that the boys would need snowshoes just to not sink to their waists in the fluff, they could be found on sleds and on the backs of monsters belching murderous fumes that whizzed through the woods and plains that were referred to in these parts as ‘snowmobiles’.  Occasionally, they even got to ride in the saddle of these machinated horses solo, sometimes under the watchful eyes of those older than them, sometimes when they managed to pawn the keys to fire these mighty torpedoes up and fly through the hills on their own.  Oh, such sweet and silly little boys!
Sometimes they would get caught, which resulted in being yelled at one minute, then one day later having their impish antics recanted at the family dinner with fond disdain.  For everyone knew how boys needed to get out and spread their wings like eagles soaring in the wind.  

This winter, the lack of snow coupled with the buckets of rain had really kiboshed their whole game plan.  Snow levels had been getting less and less reliable each year, with some years having only a snowflake or two, alternating with years of multiple blizzards carrying yards of snow with them at a time.  But this was the first year there had been nothing but puddles of rain and mud.  More time had been spent indoors than other times, and with the whole concern of pandemics and epidemics, any time a sneeze blew through the wind from another town, many people chose to hunker down indoors until the storm of germs passed.    

So this year, the boys had cabin fever on this eve of springtime in a manner they never could have imagined before.  

Today in school, the five boys were scheduled for a true day of complete boredom. There was no social studies class today, hence no Ms. Grant.  There wasn’t even biology class with Mrs. Morales, because even though the five all knew that Mrs. Morales was old and fat unlike the universally smoking TILF (apparently this meant, ‘Teacher I’d Like 2 … F … well, perhaps that last word should not be uttered for benefit of precious innocents such as these five fine boys) Ms. Grant, the five boys got to look at dissected bugs through microscopes which they had been doing for the last two years in school.    

You know, there was even this one time that Andrew had even got to cut up a real frog’s insides because he had taken a special version of biology class.  Bryan, ‘Greg’ and Ethan loved to hear about all the guts, the squishier the better!  Bryan asked Andrew if he got to snap the bra straps of Lisa, his lab partner.  You know how those older girls are right?  Ha ha! Andrew just rolled his eyes and thought Bryan was stupid.  Garrett stood on the sidelines and scowled.  Garrett didn’t want to know about Lisa’s bra, unless he was the one who snapped the bra straps that Andrew was too wimpy to do.  Garrett didn’t want to know about the frog guts either, unless he was the one doing the cutting.  Who knows, maybe he’d even put the cuts down Lisa’s bra.  Now, that would be a really good laugh.  Nothing like a little communication lesson be-tween the boys and the girls, yes?  Just don’t get caught, and then it’s just a girl whining to get attention, you know how that goes!

In any event, between bugs, frogs and what bras girls were wearing, this whirlwind of education was a wonderful lesson for the boys, particularly the bugs as this was the one subject they could agree upon.  Collectively, they took this cutting up bugs truly to heart and cultivated it into a delightful hobby.  The education system certainly had worked wonders for them, and this is how they took their classroom to the world around them.

In their free time together and in the months that were generally warmer than this one, they would sometimes grab bugs and smash them up just to see what their insides looked like. Sometimes the victims were crickets, sometimes butterflies, sometimes dragonflies, though truthfully Andrew and subsequently ‘Greg’ begged off on the butterflies and dragonflies for some pathetic reason, at least from Garrett’s perspective based on his words.  This bug vivisection was so incentivizing, that Garrett and then Bryan decided that they would love to run into one of those murder hornets that were encroaching upon the land now.  Bugs were so neat when you saw them inside out, you know.   

‘Greg’ and Ethan thought this was hilarious.  Andrew said that Garrett and Bryan were insane.  Garrett said that Andrew was a loser whose breath smelled like pee, and Bryan concurred on cue.   

‘Greg’ and Ethan thought this was all hilarious, too.

Because why not? Laugh it up, it’s all good!  It was all in cheery fun, of course. They obviously meant no harm, and you know how those boys needed to sow those oats before they became the big strapping men that the future would so desperately need. It was so wonderful that they had learned so much in school, such good boys!

But the day today would be really boring because as said before, they couldn’t even enjoy two of their favorite pastimes, that of insecticide and getting some real social studies education by scoping out Ms. Grant.  In fact, today would be literature day at third period, where boring Mr. Todd would be talking about what Yet Another Dead Dude wrote back before the Stone Age.    

Today’s snorefest would be All About This Drug Addict Dude named Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who wrote all of this spaced out poetry while high on opium.  This high culture lesson would be dovetailed with that of Ms. Archer talking about the Dangers of Drugs and Why No One Ever Should Do Drugs Ever in fourth period, except apparently if you were Yet Another Dead Dude who wrote poetry while completely zonked on sedatives that were presently illegal in all fifty states.  

That is unless of course except when one wanted a nice poppy seed bagel, like the one that Garrett had this morning.  It had been baked freshly in an oven downtown by Mr. Salzburg, who had moved here to the hills that hid the lake in the middle of the woods with the eagles’ nest, to get away from the ghosts of plagues and superstorms that had swept through the city.  Garrett’s bagel had been fashionably dressed with eggs from his Aunt Sally’s farm and fresh yellow cheese made by Mr. and Mrs. Scully who lived next door to Ethan’s Uncle Bobby.  In other words, Garrett announced, he had eaten opium today.  Ethan said, no wonder you are such a dweeb, you’re a druggie.  Garrett punched him, Bryan and ‘Greg’ laughed, and Andrew rolled his eyes.  Good times to be remembered fondly by all!

So the hypocrisy that had crystallized in the adults disguised as cheerful cruelty was inseminating its roots through the seed of cynicism in the young.  Seriously, can you believe how doped up this Coleridge dude was, Garrett announced to his compadres, holding up his tome of revered literature that would make him and his posse the most educated of men one day, and then turning to what would be Mr. Todd’s Poem du Jour which had apparently been heralded as something called ‘Rime of the Ancient Mariner’.   

Mr. Todd was going to give this lesson about the poem, he had told the boys and the rest of the class.  He was going to talk about this bird called...well, the five boys minus Andrew all forgotten what what was it called and debated on all kinds of iterations.  An albacore? or abalone or an abracadabra or something like that?, and how someone shot this allbra or whatever felt really bummed out, going around bothering everyone saying how he felt stupid because everyone died because he shot some bird that was supposed to be some kind of symbol that meant something and now there was a curse on him or some other f^&@ing thing.   

Oh, so what and who cared what this dumbnuts from the twelfth century had to say, Garrett began speechifying to what he apparently thought was His Troops. 

“Nineteenth,” interrupted one of the posse.  “And the bird is called an albatross.”

If the five had known anything about the record players their distant ancestors used, there might have been the sound of a needle dragging along something known as vinyl (no wonder they went to digital, geez).  In the midst of the imaginary alarm, Garrett looked for the defector and found everyone else looking at Andrew.   

So he looked at Andrew too, saying  “what did you say?”

“Nineteenth century.  Coleridge was from the nineteenth century.  You said twelfth. And the bird is called an albatross.”

Garrett stared at Andrew.  Andrew stared at Garrett.  Garrett looked away first. Ethan, Bryan and ‘Greg’ hooted.  Garrett’s cheeks seemed to turn red at all of this, but maybe it was the crispness in the air.  Yes, that is what it had to be. At least, this is what Garrett decided when he felt the heat in his cheeks rise and his troops defecting.  

“Whatever wimphead,”  Garrett replied after recovering his game.  The loser druggie dude was such a dweeb he couldn’t even spell ‘rhyme’ right, and they were going to waste their time listening to that crap when Ms. Grant wasn’t even going to be their teacher today?   

Ethan even got his smartphone out and brought up a video on social media featuring a musical band that his Uncle Jerry listened to all of the time called ‘Iron Maiden’.  Apparently, ‘Iron Maiden’ had written this song with the same name and words of this Most Important of Misspelled Drug Poems.  The five of them looked at the old guys bopping their heads and yelling on a stage while banging on some guitars and drums.  In the middle of that a bunch of weird cartoons of crazy people with bugged out eyes and a funky bird to popped up in between.

This got boring, so they looked up ‘Iron Maiden’.  Besides being an English heavy metal band from the Stone Age, the search engine had also said, an ‘iron maiden’ was some kind of fake news thing that people made up from the same old time that this Coleridge dude lived, a story about other people from some time even older than the druggie poet, saying that the people from this older time used this fake news thing to torture people so this way the people from the old time that Coleridge lived could say they were civilized while they did too much dope and wrote poetry that you had to read to be an adult.  What losers!

Man, let’s go see if there’s some bugs to kill or something!   

So, this is how five boys went out for a kill, and four would be coming back bleeding.

All were on board for this wonderful excursion, except at first Andrew who really was still ruminating about how stupid his friends were getting as he got older and how he secretly couldn’t wait until they went to separate schools next year.  But, this was such a secret that he even didn’t quite know the secret himself.   

Such as it was, these Homo sapiens.  You know, they had so many terabytes of data hidden in so many neural pockets that they didn’t even know how many crevices were in that wetware sitting on that brain stem of theirs.  No wonder they lied so much! They couldn’t even tell the truth to themselves! 

The adventure was pretty lame at first, at least after the first thrill.  They dashed into the woods!   Away from the yellow bus with its signature wheeze struggling up the hill, and just before its yellow canary beak of an engine hood peeked around the corner!  Then, there was the fiasco of ‘Greg’ tripping over his feet in the melee.  Apparently he didn’t notice a branch in his path, as he made his fine escape.  Garrett called him stupid, which was quite justified as far as the others were concerned.  At least this is what Garrett decided, based on what appeared was their silent consent.  After all, he and the other three boys had made it just fine.   ‘Greg’ responded to Garrett’s proclamation about him by throwing what he thought was a stone at his tormentor.  But in his haste, he did not realize that he had grabbed a gob of the mud he slipped in instead.  The salvo landed like a dud at his own feet.  And Garrett laughed, inspiring mirth and joy in Bryan and Ethan.  

Andrew shook his head and silently wondered why his friends were so stupid.  But unlike Garrett, who was free with spouting words he didn’t seem to understand the impact of, Andrew’s  words remained locked in the chamber of his mind.   Andrew followed behind ‘Greg’ as the other three laughed their butts off, they were so tickled with giggles.  Andrew watched the mud on ‘Greg’ and it somehow seemed it all was one big stupid mess.  Despite all this, Andrew kept on walking along with them, anyway.  So did the rest of the boys on their merry journey together.

After all this, it got boring fast.  The boys kept tripping on their tedious path which led to one road of roots to another one of brambles.  Andrew announced that they were all lost and Garrett told him to do something known as ‘STFU’, which again if spelled out would be of a terrible shock to those sensitive ears of these fine boys, if they were really as pure and sensitive as they were reputed to be. The other three laughed, including ‘Greg’ who was glad that the mud on his butt was forgotten and the target had moved elsewhere away from him.  But still, it was boring, boring, boring, with no bugs in sight and just tons of roots that got in the way of all of their good fun.

But then, success!

No, it wasn’t a bug.  It’s not a bird!  It’s not a plane!  It’s a… WTF????!!!
In all their meanderings and trippings of this boring day, Garrett, Andrew, Bryan, Ethan and ‘Greg’ had managed to find the lake in the middle of the woods!  The one with the nest of the soaring eagles, those fine birds that these boys would all be one day, bless their hearts!  

And the nest was exactly what was what they saw.  It was a huge monstrosity, one that they hadn’t encountered ever in their lives.  Of course, in reality as boys who had lived in these parts for all of their young lives, they had encountered eagle nests and some of them even bigger than the one they gawked at this moment. But.. this one?  It had been so unexpected, that four of the boys looked at the eagles’ castle high up in the oak tree with unbelieving confusion and one with enchanted wonder.

So busy they had been with their own absorption of their lifetime trivia, with the possible exception of Andrew who for various reasons traveled one or two degrees diverted from his soon-to-be former friends’ path, had not observed enough of what was in front of them to know what was right in front of them.  In other words, they had learned so well from those who had gone before them, that four of the boys were just as asleep as those who had come before them.

Well, you know how it went with Homo sapiens.  There was this little saying that was quipped many times, something about ‘history repeating itself’.  Aren’t Homo sapiens so adorable, saying things that they think will forge the destinies of their visions in the distance, while forgetting where they’re stepping on right in front of them and tripping into the mud and falling on their butts?

Anyway, Garrett decided that this big ‘WTF????!!!’ thing (again with this expression that those young innocents should never know) was something that They All Needed To See.  He decided this by saying, “I’m going to see WTF????!!! this thing is”, and then proceeded to find a rock about the size of his fist, throwing it at the nest.  It caught the edge of the nest all the way up there, great shot dude!  Now top that!  

Well ‘Greg’, was going to show everyone that he wasn’t as stupid as everyone thought he was by throwing a gob of mud thinking it was a rock, found an even BIGGER rock and threw it at the ‘WTF????!!!’.  He got one heck of a shot in, and ZING!! He did better than even Garrett did, as the ‘WTF????!!!’ jolted in response!  
What a shocker!  ‘Greg’ outdoing Garrett??!!  Man, the world was coming to an end! In short order, not to be outdone and in a slight panic that ‘Greg’ was climbing up the pack by his quick successive action to Garrett, Ethan also threw rocks at the ‘WTF????!!!’ and had a great hit too!  And of course, good team players must play with the team, yes?  So what a loyal community member that Bryan was, that he threw rocks at the ‘WTF????!!!’ and got his strike on the mark, too!  ‘Greg’, Bryan and Ethan all jumped around in excitement and Garrett was suddenly on the outskirts, marginal in both his throw and the posse!  

So what did Garrett do, to remedy this tragedy?  He threw a rock, no a boulder at the ‘WTF????!!!’!  A big one!  And BOOM!! This one that Garrett lobbed with all his might, man it was even better than all three combined!  And the posse stopped their jumpy antics and stared in awe.  As it should be!  Because everyone knew Garrett was the leader!

Andrew was now the Last on the List, hadn’t even thrown a rock, LOSER LOSER!

Andrew, the Last on the List, hadn’t even thrown a rock, LOSER LOSER!, stood at the edge that straddled the woods with the lake.  He didn’t have a rock in his hand, or mud either, but his mouth was open, and he seemed frozen, like something had come over him and altered his entire perception of life.  His friends laughed at his shock at being sent to the bottom of the pack, because this must be why he seemed frozen!  What else could it be? 

But then... Andrew spoke!  And this is what he said!

“ARE YOU GUYS RETARDED???!!!  THAT’S AN EAGLE’S NEST!!! YOU GUYS ARE RETARDED LOSERS!!!   I’VE HAD IT WITH YOUR B^%%$*(#T!!!!”

Thus Andrew left the group because he had it with their… well.  They all laughed at him as he disappeared in the woods to run back like a baby to mommy, LOSER LOSER he was.   

So intent the four were in their casual cruelty that was inducting them from boys into the fine adults they were going to be, that they did not even see the shadow of talons that loomed over them as they thought they tasted the victory of bullies.

Five boys had gone out for a kill.  Now, there were four.  And the bleeding would soon begin.

It happened just as the last of their mocking laughter ricocheted like a bullet off of the trees and recoiled back into their eardrums full blast.  Ethan and Bryan were just in the midst of lobbing their own analog rocket propelled grenades at the ginormous ‘WTF????!!!’ in the tree, laughing all the way ha ha ha ha.  All four were doubled over in giggles and fun and how stupid Andrew was thank God they were not going to be going to school with him next year, when Garrett was knocked over with spurts of blood coming from his forehead as the male eagle lobbed his own missile defense against the Homo sapiens terrorists looking to decapitate his habitat.  

Shocked at first, the other three stood in horror as the female eagle descended from her violated home, lobbing her own attack against Ethan, Bryan, and ‘Greg’. She clipped them just enough that they kept falling and getting themselves scraped up in the melee.  There was now three against two.  But it might as well have been three catfish minnows against two sharks.  An all out assault was taking place, and there were screams and screeches from both sides.  

But then, just as the male eagle came back for a final assault against the hapless Garrett by gouging his eyes out, ‘Greg’ got the really brilliant idea to take a massive rock that equaled the radius of his torso and heave it at the male raptor just as he was going to finish off poor Garrett.  After all, ‘Greg’  truly had something to prove, that he really was a guy who stood up for his buddies and you know, all of this was self-defense anyway.  Right?

Well, as it turned out ‘Greg’ was really off balance because of his torpedo and being pummeled by some stupid eagle.  Additionally, the adrenaline that inspired this Don Quixote moment quickly faded, as the vertigo of being unnaturally weighted caused him to fall right on his wounded buddy.   

But, unintentionally, Greg’s fall had the unexpected effect of hitting right where his mark was supposed to be.  Caught off guard by the T-bone assault in the midst of his own attack, the perfect killshot of a one-hundred ten pound human with a thirty-five pound boulder caught the male eagle on the perfect angle, a one-in-a-million occurrence.  Much like perhaps, the perfect shot that had taken out the fabled albatross back in the so-called ‘Stone Age’ in a poem where the dude who wrote it couldn’t spell ‘rhyme’, he was such a dopehead.  There was a strange cracking sound as the eagle’s neck was caught at an equally strange angle and snapped, and blood shot from the side of the eagle’s ear.  ‘Greg’ and the eagle fell at the same time, but only one got up.   

‘Greg’ was a hero!  He saved his buddies’ life!  And Andrew was such a wimp, he didn’t even see it!  

But dumb and foolish as the boys were, they knew they were in big trouble.  Or, as they would put so eloquently being the fine boys they were, they were in deep $^*t.  
The female eagle, who was seconds away from being widowed, was ready to come back with a vengeance.  Garrett, who couldn’t believe that he had eyes even to see despite the gash in his forehead blinding his vision, was the first to get up and run.  His buddies followed dutifully in the mad dash, and they darted in the woods and hid under a rock.  They trembled with fear and they were bleeding, waiting for the attack that would finish them off. 

But they were just afraid, and once they had gone in the woods there was no more danger to them, at least in the short run.  The female eagle sat by her mate in his last seconds.  When he died, you could hear her wail of mourning reverberating throughout the hills.  Little brown bats whose circadian rhythms had been destroyed over the climate change that still provided more entertainment than prophecy to those who had caused it, fluttered in from the woods towards the lake.   

They hovered over the female eagle, ministering to her in her grief like winged angels.    As if on some electrical cue of communication, exactly one fifth of them broke from the cloud and charged towards in the direction of the woods where the boys had feebly hid themselves.  Garrett, Bryan, Ethan and Greg, who were just such fine strong brave boys, picked up and ran.   Such courage they had, to run with all the wounds they sustained from an attack they had provoked.  My, what good promises the future held with young men such as these!

The boys really should have been proud of themselves.  They had shot themselves an albatross, modern style.  With recklessness and carelessness, they did! No Stone Age b^%%$*(#t for them, doing it just to protect themselves from starvation!  They did it for fun and ran away terrified of furry flying mammals, leaving their fallen prey to rot. If they wanted to, they could bring bragging stories to their sibling and their aunts and uncles.   

Which of course, this is what they always wanted, right?

But, they would say nothing.   

This was a bonded secret that would stay with them.  They had become the hunter and there was no victory.  But they had themselves their little adventure, and they were not bored anymore.    

This is how the male eagle died.  His mate was now a widow.  The hills echoed with her mourning, and remembered.  The protocell in their three serotypes were there, and watched.

There once were five boys who went out for a kill, and four came back bleeding. 

_______________________

First Presbyterian Church -  Prayer list for Week 3 of Lent

Garrett Robinson, 13, and Gregory Davenport, 12, are in good condition after suffering minor injuries in a bicycle accident.  Garrett suffered cuts that required several stitches and Gregory suffered bruising and a minor concussion.  We are grateful for all the prayers for these boys this week!  Boys, please be careful in the future!  Because you are the future!  We need you and God bless!

Refreshments will be served after the second service today.   Fresh bagels for all!	



EIGHTEEN


Did you hear the echo in the sky when the eagle was slaughtered?   

If you didn’t, never fear.  Most of those who prided them-selves as being the ‘wise ones’ did not.  Considering that they were a species that had crowned themselves with the mantle of wisdom and ultimate dominion, Homo sapiens had, with their deeds and actions, rendered themselves stupefyingly deaf as well as blind.  This was because there was too much artificial noise that they had created to hear, and too much of their false light for them to see.   

Small wonder that Homo sapiens were heading for a cliff, herding themselves into their frantic activity without realizing that the ground was collapsing beneath them.  What can you do with those who are blinded by their own self-inflicted blindness, claiming that the static in their minds are the visions of gods and goddesses?   What do you do when this is not just one or a few, but billions upon billions who strike their swords recklessly into the very soul that created them?  
There is a legend that some Homo sapiens liked to quote.  It is a prophecy that became part of the common language, about putting one’s hand into places it shouldn’t go.  The story was about a Homo sapiens female named Pandora who opened a box she wasn’t supposed to.  She unleashed demons and plagues and pestilence all over the place and shut the box when she realized what she did.  Supposedly, the one thing she left in the box was the quality called ‘hope’.  Now, that was certainly one heck of a bloody mess to have on one’s hands.

This prophecy was an interesting one for a species gone rogue, one that had become deaf to its own warnings.  You might say that the prophecy of a Homo sapiens female opening a box she shouldn’t have had come alive once again.  That by the Homo sapiens female called ‘Gwen Ryan’ opening the eyes of her species to the wonders of what she called ‘Protocell 3’, she unleashed the beginning of plagues and pestilences that would have never taken place if it hadn’t been for her reckless stab into the soul of the world that created her.  

Or, maybe she should have.  Maybe, as she had been compelled to say in speeches and words to her own kind, she had done exactly as she had supposed to because she was the vehicle of ancient beings that channeled through her.  Or perhaps, ‘Gwen Ryan’ was the human vehicle to bring down the grid of Homo sapiens’ glorious empire with one small microbe for mankind.    

The eagle had fallen, and the blood was spilling.  ‘Protocell 3’ moved and merged in the blood of those that had become dust in body and those that had become dust in spirit.   

There was another Homo sapiens prophecy that suggested that there was a time for building up, and one for tearing down.  One could not truly build anything up without tearing another thing down, if only because the other potential avenues of creation had been torn down by the building up of a particular option.    

This is what the Homo sapiens word ‘decide’ meant in full, ‘to kill an option’.  Homo sapiens had understood a concept that all three protocell serotypes had known since the beginning.  Which was in order to create, one had to destroy.  One could not exist without the other.  Death and life depended on each other for existence.  
Perhaps it would be strange to say, but in many ways if the sands ran out of the court’s hour glass and the weight of judgment found that Homo sapiens would be exterminated, they might be missed.  That their wasted potential would be mourned for, in a way that was foreign to Homo sapiens but nonetheless existed in full. For there was more than one way to die, and there was more than one way to live.

Did you hear the echo in the sky when the eagle was slaughtered?  Perhaps you did not.   There were those who did, across all species and all life deemed inorganic and in quivering genomes of ‘viruses’ that splashed and writhed their way into being.  Time felt a pause that would not be quantified, and all that heard the echo felt a shift that went dormant the second linear time reawakened.    

There was a quality that Homo sapiens called ‘hope’.  What could hope do for the newly widowed eagle who wailed her mourning over her murdered mate?  There was a shift as the echo passed, and several female deer called ‘does’ surrounded the fallen raptor.  What did this mean?  They looked to the sky and the widowed eagle screamed.  ‘Hope’ was a quality that had been locked away in a cage, while the demons flowed freely.    

The protocell swarmed in the sky and in the soil and in the blood of those that were doomed.  The last of the sentries would be called soon enough, and the sword that Homo sapiens wielded so violently would be the instrument of their demise.  

Or, it would not.  It would depend on the choice of those who had opened the box to the demons.  Or it would not.    

The blood of the fallen eagle spilled into the ground, and the sky was full of an echo that few would hear.  


NINETEEN


(The following is a written sample taken from the personal journal of Tara McPherson, an associate and friend of Gwen Ryan and Peter Gonzalez, individuals who have been deemed primary persons of interests in a federal investigation.  Information was scanned from McPherson’s personal journal, after obtaining permission from her next-of-kin to search the residence.   
This information is pertaining to the possibility of an imminent mass casualty bioterrorism event.  ALL KEY WORDS INDICATING CONCERN HAVE BEEN HIGHLIGHTED.  FOOTNOTES WITH EXPLANATIONS CAN BE FOUND AT END OF DOCUMENT)  

March 22

Today is the beginning of the thirteenth week that I’ve been doing this journal. Only three weeks before my man-dated therapy time is over, and I can stop writing in this stupid thing.  

For one thing though, at least in this journal no one is going to read my words. T

This journal I write in to vent and purge(1) after writing in the journal that Dr D is going to read.

I know what kind of crap Dr D is looking for.  It’s all the same canned psychobabble, these people.  So, I know that I have to sound like I’m struggling a bit so that I don’t sound like I’m getting out of stuff by acting all cheerful, which will definitely incite suspicion of manipulation at this point (2). Obviously, I can’t resort to the opposite tactic by doing what I supposedly was remanded to counseling for.  Which was supposedly terrifying whatever her name was, all because I shoved a chair by her feet and had a ‘very scary look’ on my face (her words).  It alarmed her!  Sure it did, that’s why as soon as I left the room she was laughing with the others.  But I’m the problem, and everyone knows it, so this is why I’m here taking mandated therapy and she isn’t.  

So just for an example, here’s a transcript of what I submitted to Dr D:


February 6

This day has been tough for me, I just don’t know what it is I’m supposed to do when I’m around people.  I like my work, but I like it better when I’m by myself.  I hate it when people seem upset around me.  I don’t know what it is that I’m doing that makes people so upset.  I’d ask but I’m afraid and don’t know what I’d do if they said something that was really bad.  It’s so embarrassing and everyone seems to have such an easy time talking with each other, and it feels like everyone’s laughing at me behind my back.  But I’m learning not to blame people for where I’m at.  I have to start learning how to incorporate myself and realize if I want to be a part of something, I need to learn how to change my attitude and stop taking things so personally. Maybe therapy is a good thing for me so I’ll learn.

I don’t know how long I was laughing after I finished that one, it was such a syrupy load of bull.    

So then whenever I finish those bogus assignments, I come back and vent in this journal because no one will see it.  Even so I hate it, it’s so boring.  Both the therapy and the journal, even this one.   

I know, I say that every time and if this journal was a person it would be really insulted.   But obviously it isn’t, so I’m boring myself to death writing this thing because Dr D says it will help me get in touch with my feelings, for all the good that will do.  Like for example, it works so well for her, with her obnoxious sighing at everything I say all the time.  Why the hell did you become a therapist if you hate hearing what people have to say?  

Of course, that’s me being aggressive again.  Everyone is so uncomfortable around me when I default to this!  ‘Stop and identify your feelings, Tara!  What shade of anger are you?  Annoyed?  Furious?  Hateful?  Let yourself know the texture of your feelings, it will make you a better person!  Is it purple?  Is it lavender?  Royal purple?  Please, this will help you!  Let us help you!’

Somehow, knowing that I’m angry versus being annoyed will help me to read social cues and find out what’s acceptable versus not being acceptable.  Every time I go somewhere, people are always yelling and screaming, but then I’m the one who’s tasked to go to a counselor to learn how to ‘get over my social anxiety’ and ‘anger management’ when I got into an argument with E (3).  

I still write people’s names with initials.  I don’t know why.  I feel paranoid when I write about other people, almost like they are watching me (4).  I almost want to make fake names, but that would confuse me.   

Dr. D says that I have a paranoia complex and that nothing that’s going on is directed at me personally.  She even said, “Tara, you’re not important enough for people to be thinking about” and sighed really loud when she said it.  She rolled her eyes too.    

When I observed this I wondered how it was that I was the one who supposedly did not understand social cues.  I asked her how is saying I’m not important enough for people to be thinking about is supposed to teach me how to get along with people, and she said, “Why do you need to be important?  What’s so important about you? Don’t you think that your hostile need to be on people’s minds is why you have 
trouble with other people?”  

No wonder I don’t want to have any friends (5).  

Apparently, I’m supposed to want to have friends.  It will ‘make me work better with people’.  I see all of these jerks on TV who sue each other every fifteen minutes, and they don’t seem to have friends but they have all this power.  They’re usually men.  So it seems the reason why I need to have friends to ‘work better with people’ is because I’m a woman.   

I almost would tell Dr. D that, but she’d probably say, ‘Tara, you think that everything is a conspiracy theory.  No one cares that you are a woman.  Sexism is for other people.  You’re really not that important to be seen as a woman.  Why do you think it’s important that you think that people see you as a woman?  And when are you going to start wearing make-up?  It will help you feel more feminine.’  
Maybe they got her from some black-ops place where they interrogate terrorists to get you all confused.  Maybe next time she’ll waterboard me and tell me that the water isn’t wet, too (6).  

Speaking about friends or the lack thereof.  The other day in the lab, G asked me if I wanted to join everyone and go to this lake near her house.  That’s pretty much how she said it, “Do you want to join everyone and go to the lake near my house?  There’s something I want to show you.  It will be a field assignment.”  It was one of the quieter days, and a lot of the other lab techs and biologists were out at some conference, and it was just me, her and S at that moment.  I was glad of that, so I didn’t have everyone staring at me, but fieldwork is what I want to do so I was actually excited but really didn’t want to seem too much like an eager dweeb.

S proceeded to say, “Hey Tara!  You can come with us and then tell that idiot Dr D that you’re a joiner!  Boy, that will be one jolly mess for her, don’t you think?” S was apparently going, he was part of ‘everyone’.  I don’t mind that, I have gotten pretty used to S and he seems to not be bothered by me any.   

I was nervous of going somewhere with G, though. Especially her house, like am I supposed to show up with a bottle of wine or something to look social?  Part of it is the authority issue.  G isn’t really my boss, but she is my advisor and has been so for the better part of this semester.  But it would be the first time I would be at her house, ever.  The idea of a corporate meet kind of creates my stomach to be an acid factory.  If she hadn’t said “lake” and “field assignment” I just got this vision of sitting around in old English furniture eating Brie cheese with fruit and drinking Merlot.  Don’t I see enough of these people during office hours?

But even though I think socializing is a load of hypocritical bunk I do understand the concept of us all getting together outside of office hours (7).   And one thing I don’t really like about how I live is that I’m feeding right into the stereotype of the scientist who can’t get a date and doesn’t have any friends.  Being female with all of that doesn’t help the whole image.  I can hear what Dr D says, ‘Tara, you shouldn’t worry about what other people think’ which is usually bracketed at some point with something like ‘Tara, if you have an attitude, people will think that you are standoffish and it won’t do well for your reputation, personally or professionally’.  It reminds me of that episode in Black Mirror where everyone gets a digital grade from one to five stars and everyone can grade you for your every move.  So we’re no better than a streaming TV show, great.  No wonder we’re heading to extinction, we’ll walk into our own black hole that we’ve made, probably. (8)

But in the meantime, even though I say I like it better when I go home and can close the door, it’s really weird for me when I go back into the lab and hear how everyone has a life with other people and I don’t, except for my Alzheimer’s mother who lives downstairs. I don’t know if it’s female conditioning or what, but it does get to me.  I feel like I’ve been written off as a loser who will never get married and lives at home with mommy and once she dies, I’ll die alone in the house with twenty cats urinating everywhere (9).  Never mind that the house is in my name and I brought my mother to live with me, and I’m only twenty-six.  I’m still that pathetic loser who no one wants to be around.  No one says that directly, but you can tell based on other people’s gossip.  We’re all one big reality show, and you better put your act on or you’ll get rotten tomatoes thrown at you.  Digital or otherwise (10)! 

So when G asked me about this thing and S encouraged me, I sort of talked myself into going.  Even though I really felt uncomfortable not knowing who the ‘everyone’ was that S was talking about.  I really hoped ‘everyone’ wasn’t going to entail any of those dweebs who hang out in the common room all of the time, the ones that put up that Big Bird puppet of the night watchman.  Like I said, I really don’t get how I’m the aggressive one that has an attitude while these other people can act like asshats and get away with it.  I would say that the system is rigged but Dr D would say I am just a conspiracy theorist who isn’t that important even though everyone is uncomfortable with me.  And they wonder why all the kids are doing drugs and video games (11).  

I don’t know why I didn’t ask who else was going, but I didn’t.  It’s one of those things that I don’t know if it makes me pushy to ask that but unassertive if I don’t (12).  I used to ask questions like that but people seemed alarmed and then told me I was too blunt.  I get that sometimes when I deal with my mother’s doctors (13).  To me, I don’t know why I can’t be blunt with them, after all who else is going to advocate for her care, my mother who thinks all the staff are characters from that cartoon she watches all the time, the Flintstones?  She calls her doctor Mr. Slate and the nurse at the hospital (who’s a man) Betty.  They think this is a “hoot”, their words not mine.  So who’s going to ask the questions?  My mother pretending she’s the pet dinosaur Dino (14)? 

Anyway, another reason why I decided to go to G’s without confirming who was going, is that being out by a lake sounds really great, although I don’t think I’ll be telling this to Dr D any time soon to give her satisfaction.  Maybe it would get me brownie points to get me out of mandated counseling earlier but I really don’t want to hear some syrupy thing dripping with stevia sarcasm like, ‘Oh Tara!  How nice! You’re making friends!  Remember to talk about what other people like and smile and nod when they talk to you!’  like a rejected outtake from Reading Rain-bow or something juvenile like that (15). 

Really in a lot of ways though, I’ve always felt ambivalent around G.  She’s one of those people that if I were going to have friends, she would be the kind of person I’d want to have as a friend.  It’s actually made me act weirder when I’m around her, because I wind up vacillating between being overly conscious of what I do to like being abrupt, to shutting down any anxiety so I can focus on working with her. I’ve been doing a lot of PCR on the samples that she’s obtained from the epidemics, and we’ve been culturing them to yield the pathogen that’s been causing the strange clusters.  If we can prove how virulent these pathogens are through biological means, we can perhaps get someone on the phone to listen to us, we can prove with hard evidence that what’s been going on will make COVID-19 look like a couple of harmless dust particles that accidentally went down people’s throats.  If something goes wrong, don’t say we didn’t warn them (16)!

Anyway, in short I do get along with G pretty well and I actually did want to go to the lake.  If it had been only a couple of weeks ago I wouldn’t have been able to because of the whole home care situation with my mother.  But it worked out good for me, because I had finally had a good replacement for Mom’s original nurse M, who seemed to have vanished out of nowhere.  I’d call the hospital and they said they had no record of M’s whereabouts (17).  After three solid years, just gone.  I don’t say anything like this to Dr D either, because this is where she’d say ‘Now Tara, if you had friends you could ask for references, but now you’re isolated and have nowhere to go’ (18).  Which by the way, I almost did ask G for a reference as besides S she’s the closest thing I have to a friend.  If G notices my bipolar nature of going from coldly ignoring her to being all nervous, she doesn’t really mention it and she always includes me in all of the procedures.  I made the mistake telling Dr D that E says under her breath ‘little brown nose’ whenever G invites me to work in the lab instead of her, and every time I come back my desk has been rearranged and I can’t find anything. Dr. D rolled her eyes and said, “You probably left it a mess yourself.  Why do you think you constantly make accusations about your colleagues instead of taking responsibility for your own mistakes and actions?”  Dr D doesn’t even say anything positive about G inviting me to the lab to do research work.  It’s like everyone but G and S want me to fail just to get a good laugh out of it. (19)

Anyway, back to the outing.  So it was the first day that I had the new permanent nurse L, who seemed young but had been better than the interim help I had.  Having no relationship with them, two of them just decided my opinion was useless because they were adults and I was a ‘kid’ as they liked to say (20).  One was drunk, and I had to call into work to stay home after calling the police to get rid of her, as she wouldn’t leave on her own.  One of them even left my mother alone for some time, and I came home to see my mother keening on the floor in an unchanged diaper. This was so stressful for me I even tried telling Dr D about it, but all she was worried about was how I felt.  “How does that make you feel, Tara?  Do you feel your anger issues come from your unresolved issues from home?”  Great.  So even when I am honest with people, it comes back and bites me in the face as snarky criticism.  Why do I bother? (21)

I’m nervous about going anywhere but my job and the store (22), but I just needed a break.  Even if G was bringing E and the others to the lake.  I could always duck under a rock and hide if I really wanted to.  At least it would be a change of scenery.  

When G said, let’s all go to the lake, I wondered if I was supposed to bring gear, or what I was supposed to do.  So I just sort of froze, and listened to what was going to happen.  S asked her if P was going to be there, her husband.  I met P only twice, as he’s usually out in the city or on field assignments somewhere globetrotting.  It all sounds exciting and what I would want to do.  He’s a really interesting guy, and I follow all of his work online, so charismatic.  He and G make a perfect match, he more ebullient and she more reserved and logical.  But as far as meeting him, only twice. I’m looking forward to talking to him to get more input about how our activities are causing epidemics and what we can do to remedy that.  Also, I wanted to show him some of the cultures I had to help prove the efficacy of the microbe that caused the epidemic (23).  So in a way, I hoped he would be part of ‘everyone’.  

I don’t know if I imagined it, but it seemed for a second after S’s question about whether P was coming or not, G look like she was shot.  Her reaction seemed brief, enough to make me freeze for a second in response wondering if I was imagining things.     

But then, she turned around with that gaze that she has, where it seems direct enough to cut through you but belies enough casualness that you might think, it’s all in your mind.   

So then, I thought I was imagining any hesitation on my part.  Then again, I always feel that I don’t know how much to look into things and ignore them when it comes to people.   

She said, “He’s going to stay until he makes them listen (24).”  

I know she was referring to the epidemics that supposedly didn’t happen, or at the very least have been downplayed as isolated events, even though all the forensics we have analyzed say that this is an imminent threat that needs to be watched.  I can’t believe that people haven’t learned anything since COVID-19.  Then again, they didn’t learn from the H1N1 pandemic or in particular the SARS epidemic either. I can empathize with P, and his frustration.  No one listens to warnings, and then they whine about how no one told them how bad it was going to be.  Or because it’s isolated like H1N2, it must be nothing, until it becomes everything.  Just like SARS became COVID-19.  Now, who would ever have thought something like that would happen? (25).   

After all that, finding out my mom would be good with L until early evening, G piled S and me in her hybrid and it took about an hour down the interstate to get to her place.  I live downtown, and I always love it when I ride on the highways, wondering what kind of lives are behind all the windows tucked away in the hills.  Even though this time of year, it’s a little eerie with all of the trees without their leaves and the snow mist, though not this year.    

I sat in the front with G, and S passed out in the back, snoring.  I wanted to talk to G about something but I didn’t know what.  She had bought the three of us coffees, and I spent my time being busy sipping it.  She didn’t seem to mind, and she didn’t ask me stupid questions or nosy ones either just to pass the time. There was some jazz music on low volume going on, though I couldn’t tell you who any of the people were playing music. Was I supposed to ask?  It’s not like I cared.     

In any event, G didn’t seem to mind the silence, and it actually made me feel more comfortable.  I spent the time looking at the scenery as the city became hills and small towns whizzing by.  I think I might have even fallen asleep myself, because the next thing I remember is a couple of slow turns and we wound up at a small two story house that was surrounded by woods.  “Rise and Shine” came from S, though he sounded pretty groggy himself.  I blinked at the house, and then saw another two other crossroad vehicles in the driveway.  There were two people, a man and a woman about G’s age that I didn’t recognize, and a man that I did who instantly made me nervous, Dr E.  I have only seen Dr E in symposia and from a distance, but he is the husband of my ultimate boss Dr J and let’s put it this way, if I admired G’s husband P then meeting Dr E would be like meeting God (26). 

There was all of this greeting with everyone being all cheerful, and I noticed I kept staring at Dr E so then I did my thing of going the other way and ignoring him completely.  He didn’t seem to mind, he was warm and friendly to me but in a way this made me even more off-kilter.  He said that he had read some of my papers and was impressed at my aptitude for finding patterns in between the details and the big picture.  G agreed with this, and everyone seemed to be impressed the way people are when they smile and nod.  Dr E asked when I would graduate, and I said that it was taking longer than usual because of a personal situation.  I almost died when I said that, wondering if I walked myself into an ambush of personal questions.  But that didn’t happen.  Dr E said, “ah, well you are still working at your goal.  That’s commendable.  Don’t ever let anyone dissuade you from what you are designed to do.  It’s what I used to tell G here (27).”  He pointed at G, and I have to say, that I never saw this before, but I thought she blushed.  She did laugh it off, but like in that gregarious way of being embarrassed.  The man that I hadn’t been introduced to yet, said, “yeah G, you’re flustered, you’re flustered, I can tell!”  And to be honest, I was glad that everyone was fawning over G and not me anymore.  After that, Dr E said that he had to go meet up with his wife Dr J. Then he told everyone goodbye, including me.  He said to me, “Tara, so nice to meet you, keep up the good work!”  I couldn’t speak for a second and was beginning to feel like an idiot, but then managed to say “Thank you.”  Dr E probably thinks I’m socially retarded just like everyone else seems to think I am. 

Anyway, it turned out to be that the man and woman that I didn’t know were R and T. I recognized both of them by their full names because they are journalists, and wondered why they were here on the field trip that G thought was supposed to be so important, because as far as I know they weren’t scientists even though it turned out that R was really close friends with G.  I could tell that because R kept making all of these personal references regarding shared experiences with G that made me feel completely out of it.  But it was all okay. 

You know, even though I know this is supposed to be a personal diary and no one will ever read it because no one ever comes into my bedroom ever and I have it locked under my bed spring, I do feel uncomfortable writing what took place at the lake, because what we found out really will be something that will change everything if it is proved beyond a doubt, and then everything will change.  Something tells me that even in this book, writing about it somehow makes it all more vulnerable (28).  Kind of like, those cultures who believe that if you take a photograph of someone, you steal their soul.  So I won’t say anything about that.  I really was going to, which is why I started writing this entry to get all of the fullness of that day out, but my gut says to stop here before I do anything incriminating to me or anyone else (29).

There was this one thing that we did see though, that really did seem weird.  Maybe because of what I saw, I felt it was a kind of a warning, or an omen.

When we got to the lake, we heard someone crying really loudly, and a woman talking.   The person who was crying was a guy in hunting gear with the orange attire to make him visible to other hunters.  He was in his fifties, I guess.  He was crying into his lap, his rifle next to him.   A small woman with short cropped gray hair, one who could have been fifty or eighty, it was hard to tell was next to him.  She was wrapping up something in canvas, something large.  Unlike the man, she looked very fierce and determined, angry in a professional way that meant business.  She looked up and seemed to stare at G with these ice gray eyes that looked like a wolf, and Gwen looked back at her.   

Most people might say, there was some kind of staring contest going on, but it seemed different to me, as though this was some kind of bonded alliance.  I don’t know why, but because I knew G’s sense of professionalism, it almost like this was her way of saying hello to whoever this woman with wolf eyes wrapping this bundle of canvas was.  By way of greeting the lady with the wolf eyes said,  “Some jackass killed the bald eagle that was nesting here.”  This was why the hunter was crying, seeing this.   He said, “I’m usually a tough guy, but seeing this, this kind of worthless brutality, I.....” and he started crying again. The woman with wolf eyes said that an anonymous call came in that an eagle nest was being disturbed in this area, and she was authorized to investigate.  The hunter had come upon the eagle independently, as he was out hunting for snow geese before the woman showed up.  I don’t know if I was imagining this, but I thought I saw another eagle standing at the top of one of the trees.  

It seemed like G noticed also, because she was staring at it, in the same intense way she had greeted the woman with the canvas.  Maybe I was imagining this thing, but it seemed like the eagle was staring back at G.  Then again, I’m too paranoid to know about anything, just ask Dr D (30).  

The man was still crying, but managed to wail “why is it that the innocent have to be slaughtered??”  Then the other eagle flew away.  And the whole thing filled me with chills (31).  

(End of segment)
The following is a key to flagged segments of this document (some bullets may be in multiple categories):

(1), (2), (3), (6), (8), (11), (12), (14), (15), (20), (21), (26), (30) Passive-aggressive and depressive issues which could indicate sympathy with terrorist inclinations

(4), (6), (17), (18), (19), (28), (29), (30) Paranoia complex where individual feels perennially threatened by others without reason, potentially leading to seek revenge on those whom she believes is ‘out to get her’ whether or not there is proof, and to have sympathy with a mass casualty terrorist event

(5), (8), (9), (10), (13), (22), (26), (29), (31) Antisocial tendencies and alienation which makes subject more inclined to feel disassociated when inflicting pain, making her susceptible to any organization with plans of mass destruction

(7), (16), (23), (24), (25), (26), (27), (28) Individual reflects association with persons of interest regarding the bioterrorism plot.  


TWENTY


There once was a village in the equatorial rainforest that had been important to but a few.  There had been an outpost in another timber forest that had been important to a few more.  And there had been an agrarian one in the far rural corners of an otherwise overcrowded country.

Or, so went the rumors and the stories.  You know how these primitive folk got with their fables once they got started.

There were several sightings of people near these rumored places, madmen and madwomen who were thought to come from these imaginary abodes, preaching of ghosts that no longer walked the earth and demons with eyes and mouths of blood.  They spoke of beings made of darkened blue that grabbed the earth and fell to the ground.
 
These stories were repeated word for word, simultaneously by these prophets whose words went unheeded.  In three places thousands of miles and kilometers from one another, the stories were the same and no one knew of that marvel.  Because, no one had listened to begin with.

Then one day, one single day in fact, the madmen and the madwomen vanished as well. Their bodies were found here and there, lying about streets and swamps and muddy rivers.  In three places thousands of miles and kilometers from one another, they simultaneously fell unseen and unheard and no one knew of the marvel.  Which unfortunately, was not so surprising an outcome.  Because, no one had bothered to see them to begin with.
   
João the river fisherman, the one of the equatorial rainforest, was the last of these madmen to fall.  He was the last prophet to remain standing.  He sang the song of Yara that had given him courage; he channeled the pitched screams of raging capuchin monkey that of the demonic death rattles that had drowned the village that once was his.
    
Sometime after when the madmen and madwomen were collected back to the grave, the bloated body of João the river fisherman was found floating in the very water where he had met Yara the deity, the one that had given him purpose and strength.    
His face was blue.  His eyes were gone.  At some point before or after his demise, his tongue had been removed from its snug position within his oropharynx and shoved down his throat, like an apple stuffed into the mouth into a slain boar ready for the roast.  Or, like a calf roasted in its mother’s milk, to paraphrase a scripture that few followed but were willing to shed blood over to please the deity of their own ego.
  
Regardless of perfumed poetry to suppress the stench of death, the reality was that João the fisherman had survived the death of his village but now was just as dead as any of them.  His supposed good luck in surviving the scourge had become a curse, as his body rotted away from causes more or less unknown, but most likely at the hands of another member of his species.  Crashing upon the riverbank, his body imploded with a stink that caused the surrounding birds to disperse in a swarm that blackened the skies, a gesture that was startling given the fact that the canopy of foliage already blocked the sun.  One never knew how much light graced the world, until it was completely gone.

So the villages that were once there, they were gone.  Anyone who came upon these mirages were met with the decay of long forgotten refuges, as though the madmen and madwomen who spoke of these places were from an epoch that had long past, arriving like time travelers to speak of the dead that most people would forget anyway.   

There had been three villages that everyone decided to forget and most never knew. There had been a time where the strong had fought off every foe, but this was no longer true.  The madmen and madwomen who spoke of plagues ravaging like the wildfire that ate the lungs of the blue planet were no longer here to speak their insanity.  In the silence, it was good know the noise was gone and it all could be forgotten.   

Prophets were best heard when they died a bloodied death.  It was even easier to hear them when their voices went muted, and no longer could be heard.  Because then, one could remake the truth into whatever suited best for the moment.   
After all, wasn’t this was what being a human had come to mean, to remake the world into one’s one image?

_______________________
		
It is with great honor that we present what we believe is the ‘Holy Grail’ of biological entities.  If what has been proposed about this microbe is true, then it stands to reason that as life has been given, it can be taken away. Through its suicidal bloodletting exterminating its own kind while pretending to be good, we have previously proposed that Homo sapiens has been the author of its own destruction.     

Perhaps we have been mistaken in our premise. Perhaps we have been as arrogant as the rest of our species, believing that we were writing anything.   

If this microbe is truly the ‘author of life’ as has been proposed, and continuing forensics continue to prove that it was the agent which caused such high morbidity at such a rapid rate, perhaps it has been this microbe that has driven Homo sapiens to such suicidal proportions and not the ‘genius’ of any one of us.     

Our best scientists and theorists have already posited this, and we are humbled and honored to realize that any thought we have to extinguish the cancer of Homo sapiens may have been written by the very microbes we wish to use as agents to save the rest of the biosphere.  

All things must return to the dust in which they came from.  We are honored to continue this mission as chosen prophets. The designs proposed to hasten the extermination of the species that this microbe has yielded is proof that we are meant to extinguish Homo sapiens without any damage to the rest of the biosphere.  We are humbled, and we are proud.  The biosphere knows what to do, and to protect life from permanent exploitation.  Thus, Homo sapiens is ready for its own end so life will continue.   It is written, not by a man claiming to talk to God, but in the genetic code that is the real author of life.  We thank our prophets and our leaders, and those who quest for this the true goal of evolution, not for the selfish gene of one species above all others.



TWENTY-ONE


CAPITAL REGION UNDERGROUND

Jason Kurtz, Investigative Reporter

SCHENECTADY, NY   A break-in at a local biotech firm has been reported.  No reports of what damage or theft have been disclosed to the media.

Local residents who reside outside the 73-acre facility reported hearing alarms at 12:38am last night, according to social media posts regarding the incident. Residents from up to a mile away were allegedly awakened by the alarm. 

No one was permitted to enter the facility except for designated law enforcement.  All personnel declined to answer media questions.  Further investigation is pending. 
_______________________

According to the reports put out on the communication channels known as ‘mass media’, nothing had been stolen from the lab located outside of the town called ‘Schenectady’.  The reports that they offered were true and not true at the same time.  Another case of yes and not-yes, yin and yang operating in the same territory.  The sleuths and story chasers were chasing their prey in the correct field.  But in this case, they ran left while the prey went right.  So, who was the real prey here then, anyway?

The triggering of the alarm was intentional, being the cause and not the effect. The biotech firm that reported the break-in was a public, known entity.  In a way, it was a kind of front. Another way to phrase it would be to say, it hid a different reality.  

Some cinematic entertainment and certain sectors of law enforcement used the term ‘laundering’ to describe a front that buried a criminal element.  Maybe this would be a way to describe the break-in, as a kind of laundering.  Yes, that might be good enough of an analogy. 

This was what really happened, unbeknownst to all but the ones involved in the real crime.  As soon as the alarms had rung, individuals entered the broken seal of security under the cover of law-given authority.  This is when the real break-in took place.  

And then, the specimen christened ‘Protocell 3’ by the Homo sapiens Gwen Ryan, was stolen without anyone even noticing.  Also in the microbial kidnapping included some daughter cells that Gwen Ryan had dubbed ‘Protocell 3.1’, residing in various stages of incubation in their cellular ancestor.  Both were taken unnoticed, and unawares by all Homo sapiens but the ones involved in the theft.  The real mayhem of their capture was uncovered a day later, and when it happened no alarms went off to disturb the neighbors.  Someone, or ‘someones’, had done it under the cover of darkness, or perhaps more accurately, a false alarm masking the real danger.   

So, who had done this dastardly deed?  Was it one of the Homo sapiens entrusted with protecting the innocent from danger, was it the security guard named ‘NOLAN’ who always seemed to be sleeping and everyone but Gwen Ryan was tricked by the lazy persona?  Maybe it had been the reporter Jason Kurtz who sneaked in and out before law enforcement had chased him away, forgetting in the chaos to bother to pat him down?  Or, perhaps it had been Gwen Ryan herself.   

Whoever it was, once the true predator was authorized to walk in the door, this is when the prize was taken.   

Who had done it?  This tended to be the question that would be asked when a deed such as this took place.  So much so, a silly little term called ‘whodunnit’ was actually part of the vernacular, so common was this mentality that it even earned its own shiny nickname.  

But this kind of question really missed the point.  Just like the decoy alarm, it was a question that came too late in the game, like those who sought medical treatment only when they felt their organs bursting in their bodies and the disease had already conquered the territory.  Or, who scoured the microsphere for vaccines to kill a disease without asking how the disease got there in the first place.   
The real question should have been, why would the individual in question ever choose that act of theft to begin with?  This would not be the question that was asked, because it never was the question asked until the mayhem really blew everything up beyond belief.  

So much for the concept of Homo sapiens being wiser than anything in the universe. Their wisdom was all talk no action.  Put another way, of what use was a credos of wisdom if it never was used to discern the motives within?

Regardless of wisdom or the lack of it because of some oversight not predicted by even the best computers, Protocell 3 and the daughter cells Protocell 3.1 were now traveling together, encased in a petri dish of hemoglobin and white blood cells. For Protocell 3, this was not too surprising.  The protocell in all three original serotypes had been on many journeys before, collectively and individually, so on some level any new adventure was not new at all.  As a species that held the original code of once living in the bowels of the earth and the stratosphere in the sky and the cells of every bacteria that existed, many adventures had already been done in one way or another before.   

Conversely, no journey was exactly the same.  A small tweak here, another one there, and each encounter was not like the last.  Nor would it come again.  As a species that existed as individual members, a collective within a serotype, and a greater unity of the triune nature of its species, there was always a sense of the universal, collective and the local occurring simultaneously.   
In that light, this adventure that the protocell specimen even with all its new alterations and configurations experienced was not an adventure, but very much one simultaneously.  

Even the journey of traveling alongside their direct offspring held thousands of residual memories.  For every cellular life form held their code, and while many had dispersed throughout the biosphere, many had remained close to its parent, like the cyanobacteria eons ago above and below the sky and sea.   

For the daughter cells, one of the newest and youngest life forms on the sapphire rock of blue, this occasion was quite the opposite.  It was all a fresh and novel occurrence, but because it was so new and everything was new, it was all the same. 

The destiny was unknown and known at the same time.  There was no way to know for sure what exactly was happening.  Yet, by being transported to the place it was going to, and by having the great capacity of understanding webs and patterns, the daughter cells knew exactly what was going to happen.     

They were on their way to begin the process of restoring equilibrium.  They had been encoded with the message that an execution order had been written. They had the message within them that they were the executor.  That everything was unfolding, exactly as it should.   

And so the daughter cells now known as Protocell 3.1 rested in the dormant state, under the watchful eye of the parent cells of Protocell 3.  Each and every daughter cell’s mitochondria slowed in oxidation and metabolic rate until it seemed as though they and all their cytoplasmic organelles were nonexistent, in accordance to how Protocell 3 had issued the ordinance.  

The daughter cells sipped a minimum of their blood meal, but only a little. Protocell 3 did not drink at all, and instead reabsorbed its own genetic code for ideal dormancy and eventual mitosis.  In the process, a few of the members of Protocell 3 committed apoptosis, their cytoplasm and its contents reabsorbed and dispersed among the survivors and the daughter cells themselves.  Some sacrifices were necessary to make for the future.    

Like a parent watching over a child, the surviving Protocell 3 members split themselves in mitosis so enough of their individual members could encircle the daughters as a line of sentry.   Because the daughter cells sure would need the rest and relaxation.  There would be much work for them to do, soon enough.   
For now, Protocell 3 kept watch.  Destiny would come later.

_______________________


It was the following day before the abduction of Protocell 3 and the daughter cells known as Protocell 3.1 was dis-covered by researcher Steven Lee, as this was a scheduled day off for both Gwen Ryan and Tara McPherson.  

Steven Lee found the evidence of the crime when he came to work the next day, the very first in the lab to arrive at 07:32.  The samples that he had been genetically sequencing were missing, both of which reportedly had something to do with the triple outbreaks.  In itself, their absence was not suspicious.  Under Gwen Ryan’s watch, these samples and others like them had experienced a revolving door of coming and going.  

But what ultimately made Steve Lee suspicious was the fact that the door to Gwen Ryan’s personal office was not only unlocked, but the door was wide open, the padlock unhinged and hanging from the door handle.  No one but he, Tara McPherson, Joy Beck-Edwards or Gwen Ryan had authorization to go into that office or that lab. Gwen Ryan and he had left at exactly the same time, and he knew the door had been secured in the appropriate manner by his supervisor.  He had witnessed it, he had seen it.  Based on this reality, the fact that samples he and Gwen Ryan had only been working only nine hours and fifty-three minutes earlier being among the missing went from a casual checkout at the library to grand larceny of biological proportions, in the most literal of senses.  

As this was a matter of national security due to the potential biological hazard, he alerted the appropriate federal authorities who were supposed to handle such things.  These law enforcement officials were also known for some puzzling reason by a facetious nickname, the ‘feds’, like the strange fictitious character named ‘Lincoln Potter’ whom the night-time security guard ‘NOLAN’ resembled.  After doing his due diligence in calling the real-life ‘feds’, Steven Lee tried to contact Gwen Ryan several times about her pet project gone missing, but was unsuccessful in his attempt to contact her. 

Although Steven Lee knew nothing about the cabin in the middle of the woods or Gwen Ryan leaving her phone behind with great frequency, he was used to sometimes finding her unreachable from time to time.  He also knew Gwen Ryan was scheduled to go to a symposium to present her working hypothesis about their samples the next day, based on a conversation he had with her as they left the lab the night before. She had also mentioned the symposium on that day not so long ago, when she convened not only Steven Lee, but Tara McPherson, Nathan Edwards along with journalists Ray Buchanan and Tricia Colt.  Gwen Ryan’s missing might have something to do with her preparation for the trip, so Steven Lee wasn’t completely alarmed at the difficulty in reaching her.   

But given the circumstances, it didn’t help him calm down all that much, either. Neither did it help that his ultimate boss, Joy Beck-Edwards was away on her own lecturing tour.  So this meant, Steven Lee was the man in charge.  The thought occurred to him that this was like having a newly christened ensign run the bridge of Enterprise NCC-1701-D, all because the diabolical entity called ‘Q’ decided to zap the rest of the bridge crew into miniature birdcages.  It wasn’t a particularly comforting thought and didn’t help his nerves any.  But he couldn’t get rid of the image either.  Homo sapiens were funny like that, for beings with such choices to mentally tap into, they really were addicted to ruminate on a lot of self-destructive ones.  Funny how other people are, yes?

The feds came several hours later to investigate after Steven Lee’s inquiry, prompt service being their specialty only when they wanted it to be.  Apparently, missing bugs by germ geeks were not one of them.   

In any event, the feds did arrive eventually so one couldn’t complain.  This is what happened and what they were told and what they did in response.
The feds were greeted at first by a guy named ‘Joe’, who was the day watchman in the way that ‘NOLAN’ served to rule the night.  ‘NOLAN’ had been forced to work a couple of extra hours (poor dude), due to the intake of the local men who came to investigate the burglary that had woken up all of the neighbors.  So the two security guards overlapped each other for about two hours.  At the end of it all, ‘NOLAN’ had said “Mpph” to ‘Joe’, and ‘Joe’ said “Zup” to ‘NOLAN’ while blowing a big lavender bubble from his mouth, and ‘NOLAN’ walked off.  

‘Joe’ hadn’t been at the lab long, hadn’t really made an impression on anyone one way or another yet, and spent an inordinate time on his smartphone.  The feds came and they were very important guys flashing badges that said that were very important guys.  ‘Joe’ responded to this grand entrance by glancing at the badges and nodding his head and letting them proceed.  Leaving him behind, the feds were treated to a great deal of mechanical bells and whistles coming from the smartphone.  ‘Joe’ cracked his gum, making a bubble that smashed in his face, then proceeded to lick its sticky contents back into his mouth and return to his game.  
The feds asked who was in charge, and a lab worker named Emily Birch directed them to look at a wall which designated the head staff of the facility.  She pointed at a picture of Joy Beck-Edwards, saying that she was off for the day.  One of the feds who fashioned himself to be In Charge Of Things whether he was or not named O’Reilly, took a look at the picture and his eyes went wide like he saw a lion in the woods.  Then his face resembled a person who had just eaten a lemon.  His face contorted, he resembled the diametric opposite of the pleasant professionalism in Joy Beck-Edwards’ expression.  The fact that his complexion was of a pasty white of rotten milk while the face smiling back at him was the color of mocha emphasized the dichotomy.   One being biologically male and one female, well that one could always upset the whole balance of the day depending on the fragility of the day’s backbone, yes?  

As mentioned, the microbiologist Gwen Ryan was not at work that day.  She had not been scheduled for work, and this factoid was mentioned to O’Reilly and his crew. This did not set off any figurative alarms to anyone, even to O’Reilly.  But maybe he was still recovering from his encounter with a poster.  Give the poor man a break!

However, when attempts were made to contact Gwen Ryan to alert her that her pet project had been disturbed, no one was able to reach her or leave a message for her.  Though slightly more disconcerting, this still did not quite set off the figurative alarms as everyone knew she was scheduled to go to a symposium and perhaps was just getting ready to depart, thus being too busy to answer her phone or realize it was off, on airplane mode, or some other such logical option.  The researcher Steven Lee said that after his shift, he would go to her place to see her and that sometimes, getting a signal in that area was next to impossible.  He did not mention the lake in the middle of the woods, and no one asked for him to specify anything further.  What Steven Lee said seemed to assuage all of his colleagues, and the authorities were good with this, too.  As long as Steven Lee got in touch with them, or got Gwen Ryan to do so, this was all good.  Or, maybe not.  Up until now, Gwen Ryan was labeled ‘hard to read’.  But now things were getting juicy.  So who knew what would happen next, right?

The security guard, the one called ‘NOLAN’ aka ‘Big Bird’, was at work when this sample was taken.  When the authorities were there, this was mentioned to them first by Steven Lee whom they ignored and then seconded by Emily Birch whom they did not ignore.  Jackson, the junior officer of the ‘feds’, seemed to have trouble not looking at Emily Birch’s torso for some reason, as though he expected her chest to talk and not her mouth. Using her information but not Steven Lee’s, Jackson went back to talk to ‘Joe’ to ask him if ‘NOLAN’ relayed anything suspicious to him. ‘Joe’ cracked his gum and said “Nope.  Dude don’t talk much, just eats everything in sight” before going back to a game involving swords and princesses on his phone.  

So it was decided that ‘NOLAN’ should get a bit of a shakedown from some Big Guns.  
O’Reilly, the man In Charge Of Everything in the world because everyone else was too stupid, was of the old school that thought women should be women and men should be men whatever that meant, but he knew what it meant so it was all good. O’Reilly knew that anyone who carried a gun professionally without graduating from some sort of academy that had the government’s stamp of approval was a permanent loser, rolled his eyes and called Nolan’s supervisor Jensen before leaving.  O’Reilly was all for the Second Amendment.  But you know how it was, some people were just a lot more equal than others when it came to good old-fashioned American values. O’Reilly knew that, and knew that anyone left who carried a shred of decency in these God-forsaken days knew that also. 

‘NOLAN’’s supervisor Jensen called ‘NOLAN’ at O’Reilly’s insistence, with O’Reilly listening in, also at O’Reilly’s insistence.  O’Reilly got pushy like this because he knew what everyone knew or was too stupid to know, that you couldn’t trust these security types with a water gun, let alone a G17.  A woman ‘allegedly’ answered  Nolan’s given number, and yelled at the supervisor while O’Reilly became heartily afflicted with a case of something that was known in these parts as ‘LMAO’.  The hapless woman on the phone wanted to know why the hell they were bothering her, she was sick of being harassed by telemarketers, and who the hell was ‘NOLAN’ anyway?    
“Well,” said O’Reilly, laughing at the way angry women were while pretending to commiserate with this particular angry woman, “you know these security guards, they are a dime a dozen.”  He along with his buddies Hampton and Jackson promised the woman and ‘NOLAN’’s boss Jensen that they would look into the whole thing.  Which of course, they were quite busy doing.  In fact, as part of his investigation, Hampton had spent a great deal of time in the lab common room pretending to read the documents Steven Lee gave him, and drinking coffee.  Because of this hard-working experience, Hampton had the wonderful opportunity to make his acquaintance with the ‘Big Bird’ replica, the one with ‘NOLAN’’s name tag around it with a miniature baseball cap that had the same requisite two red socks on it.  To Hampton, it explained everything and once it did, he too came down with the condition of LMAO.    

Hampton proceeded to tell Jackson and O’Reilly about the ‘Big Bird’ replica, and it explained everything to them too.  From there, Jackson got his own case of LMAO. O’Reilly was still afflicted with his contagion of LMAO, or maybe it was a new strain compounded upon the old one.  My, this was certainly a catchy thing, this LMAO.

So, in the spirit of a good old-fashioned doctor telling a mother to tell her kid to take two aspirin, giving a nice little spank on the kid’s runt and a peck on mother’s cheek, and saying call me in the morning, O’Reilly gave his assessment.  Proffering a business card that contained his name and federal insignia in a manner like it was gold plated, he said to Brooklyn born and bred Steven Lee in a LOUD and SLOW voice because you never knew if these Asian type people understood the English all that well, “why don’t you call That Girl Gwen and let us know what happens when you do, did you get that?  CALL ME at the Number On This Card, SEE?  THIS NUMBER.”   

So then the feds left the building, talking trash about what had just transpired. They were loud enough to for the scientists to hear over ‘Joe’’s video game and cracking gum, loud enough that they knew they were being heard as they left the building. O’Reilly took advantage of his buddies’ patronizing disdain of the germ geeks and offered, “isn’t that Gwen lab girl married to some Spanish guy named Gonzalez?  What happened to these girls being all feminazi not taking their husbands’ names?  You know what, she probably didn’t want to be taken for a Hispanic, that’s why.  Ha ha ha.” 

Jackson and Hampton heard the rant, the ‘germ geeks’ heard it, and O’Reilly knew that everyone heard it, and was glad they had if you were unfortunate to see the gleam in his eyes, which in this case only Jackson and Hampton did.  Jackson and Hampton’s humorous mood derailed somewhat at the very racially charged misogynist statement, but not enough for O’Reilly to realize that this back-in-the-good-old-days quip wasn’t the Big Hit he wanted with his underlings.  But even if O’Reilly had realized their reaction, it wouldn’t have mattered. Because everyone besides O’Reilly was stupid anyway.  He knew these things.  That was why he was In Charge Of Everything. 

At the disappearance of the feds, the so-called ‘germ geeks’ stared at the door like they just saw Ebola take a jog out the door to go hook up with a nice case of Marburg.  And so after that little stint, the feds were gone, everyone was now stressed out, hours had obviously gone by since the break-in, and the protocell sample still wasn’t accounted for and the whole thing being was written off as some petty joke by those who investigated such things.  

Once the feds were gone, it was all everyone could do from preventing Steven Lee from ripping up O’Reilly’s signature card while he spit out ten pages of grawlix expletives in the likes of  “%$&!*&$!!!!”   alternating with  “&**& should be glad I didn’t rip up his %&*%%**^#&$# face!!!” .  Steven Lee eventually calmed down to the point where he didn’t feel compelled to speak in Grawlix, which helped calm people’s nerves but only a bit, because the protocell sample was still missing, Gwen Ryan still couldn’t be reached, and the only hint of ‘NOLAN’ was the ‘Big Bird’ replica with the ‘NOLAN’ sign hanging around it, topped with a miniature baseball cap that had the requisite two red socks on it.    

After the mayhem, the lab became more docile.  To digest the reality of the missing protocell sample, they decided Gwen Ryan took the thing home and was playing around with it. After all, that was her way, unusual as it was.  Maybe she was taking it to the conference.  Maybe Steven Lee was too tired to notice Gwen Ryan left the door in a bad way, or maybe Steven Lee had done it himself, it had happened from time to time but just never at Gwen Ryan’s lab before.   

However, this last supposition was not said to Steven Lee but only to themselves. Consciously, this was done so as not to set off Steven Lee into another volcanic eruption of Grawlix.  Subconsciously, this thinking helped dismiss the thought that the break-in was literally alarming, and the disquiet of emotion this realization that came with it.  So, saying it was all a misunderstanding made them feel better and let them pretend this had to be reality, just because they felt better.  

Ah Denial, don’t you just love the joy it brings?

This feeling of relief precipitated people to come together.  They stood around trying to calm Steven Lee, and then after being consoled he felt better enough to bury alive the things he’d gotten too used to burying alive in his psyche. Everyone was glad that Steven Lee was going to check up on Gwen Ryan, and they all figured the whole situation would work out when he did. 

In the meantime, someone put a pair of sunglasses on the replica of ‘Big Bird’ wearing the ‘NOLAN’  sign so people could lighten up and laugh.  Everyone proceeded to get back to work.  Andrea Kendall, a lab technician said,  “Hey, it will all work out.”    

That was that, and it was all good.

_______________________


Authorities found the body of ‘NOLAN’ about three hours later.

His full name apparently was Nolan Jefferson, according to the ID found near the flipped-over American-made green pickup truck he was found in.  There was a bumper sticker on the truck that said that the Red Sox were World Champions.  The sticker had been assaulted by someone with what appeared to be some kind of penknife.  But the truck itself seemed to have survived relatively unscathed.  Nolan Jeffer-son, not so much.  

Nolan Jefferson was 53 at the unfortunate time of his demise.  No drugs or alcohol were found in his blood.  Despite the upside down condition of the truck, no sabotage or defect was found to explain the crash.  Seeing the vehicle was a newer model and still somewhat mint, it could still command a nice price for resale, or at least according to one detective’s assessment.

In conclusion, no foul play was suspected and no tampering was discovered in the investigation.  The assessment and forensics determined that he had literally fallen asleep at the wheel.   

What a sloppy jerk!  He could have killed someone else, like an innocent old lady driving from the store or a mother with children, with his stupidity!  Well, what else could you expect from a permanent loser, anyway?

‘Big Bird’ sat on the desk in the lab bearing ‘NOLAN’’s name around his neck, now wearing the sunglasses donated from charity.  Well, everyone was glad that ‘NOLAN’ left some kind of legacy behind.  And no one in the lab thought about him again, unless they looked at ‘Big Bird’ wearing the sunglasses, topped with a miniature baseball cap that had the requisite two red socks on it.    

	_______________________

In in the middle of all of this, ‘Protocell 3’ watched.  They and the daughter cells arrived to their new destination without incident. 

A victory, of sorts. The final phase would soon begin.    

They all had a legacy to leave, be it Nolan Jefferson, O’ Reilly, Jackson, Hampton, Andrea Kendall, Steven Lee, Gwen Ryan, ‘Protocell 3’, or the daughter cells now known as ‘Protocell 3.1’.  Everyone and everything had a purpose.  
Because of this, everything was proceeding exactly as it should have been.  As Andrea Kendall the lab technician had said, “Hey, it will all work out.”

That was that, and it was all good.

TWENTY-TWO


As the dead and decaying body of the prophet known as João the river fisherman rotted alone on the water he loved, and while the daughter cells known as ‘Protocell 3.1’ were moving to a new habitat, there was a different but not so different scene that was taking place almost simultaneously to these two events. Though not far from the new home of ‘Protocell 3.1’, this third incident took place thousands of miles from the body of João, kilometers upon kilometers away.

This sibling scene took place in terrain that was not considered the jungle, but many Homo sapiens would still call ‘remote’.  However, like all vernacular, ‘remote’ was a relative term.  This parallel scenario included ample flora and foliage, just like the beloved rainforest that João had once lived in.  But, there was a great deal of items that were more in tandem with an urban jungle than those found in a forest.   

There were numerous Homo sapiens contraptions of artifice in this place.  They included ‘gas stations’, ‘diners’, and dining establishments which seemed to require long lines of oil burning vehicles idling away at windows that dispensed food coated with and accompanied by synthetic items to make the eating all that easier.     

But the percentage of foliage seemed to slightly edge out that of these artificial constructs.  Especially when one considered the looming foothills that threatened to spill trees and mud onto these buildings and bury them forever, when the rains came and the snowdrifts that used to come melted and they reigned supreme.    
So, to some this was remote.  To others, it was not.

In the midst of this, there was an artificial concrete construct known as an ‘interstate’.  This ‘interstate’ was the love child of Homo sapiens’ imagination and of pulverized geological crust, which was another way of explaining how Homo sapiens had rewrote the creation of the world in their own image.  This ‘interstate’ allowed Homo sapiens and their various cargoes to be transported from here to there at speeds that were several times greater than their bipedal feet could ever take them.   

Strange that this place was considered remote to some, with all of this frantic blur of flurry going on.  All of this breakneck speed to fly from here to there had become so commonplace to this self-proclaimed dominant species.  Many forgot why it was they flew so fast, but they did it anyway.  It was no good to be sitting still on a terrain where one could be mowed down by two tons of reconstituted elements at any given moment.  

Along the interstate, there was a motel.  Here was a place where at least finally Homo sapiens acknowledged a need for rest, at least for a temporary time.  In Homo sapiens’ terms, this motel was a respectable establishment that had been in business for years, catering to overnight travelers and to those who sought a vacation in the remote hills on a budget.  None of that pay-per-hour kind of nonsense, no, not at all.    

Just to make sure that this message got across, advertisements and brochures for local churches, temples, synagogues, and even one for the local mosque were on display before one even walked into the front office for hospitality.  You were designed to get the message from this, that this place was for the Good People. Once inside, you could get donuts and coffee until 10pm, with all kinds of fruit juice for the little ones.  Then, the lights would go out.  This was a place of reputability, after all.

It was the kind of low-rise setup with two or three long one-story buildings, situated neatly next to each other just like good little children.  The buildings were white with chipped paint that still looked this side of presentable, and the doors were made of oaks that had once stood tall and proud but now were transformed into mute security guards to shut away what transpired behind their watch.  
There was little business this time of year for this reputable little motel.  The best way to describe this state of affairs was that it was ‘between seasons’.  In other words, it was in between the season of those looking for winter fun on the slopes and those looking for springtime adventures that killed the cabin fever of a long mountain winter.  ‘Between seasons’ meant little traffic.  In many cases with this kind of business, including this little motel, a steep discount would be offered to help fill up the rooms.  Sometimes this tactic worked, and sometimes it didn’t.  This was one of those times when it didn’t.  Such was the way things went, and the proprietor knew this.

Of course, this winter hadn’t been much of a season, either for the motel or the mountain in general.  In fact, it had been downright hot this year.  Which didn’t bode well for the little motel on the side of the interstate for winter sales.    
The proprietor of this reputable little motel had gotten used to this slowdown over the years.  Since the whole coronavirus mess a while back, she saw businesses winding down all over the place.  Why should the little motel by the interstate be any different?    

But the winter slump made things all that much harder.  She had to let all of her employees go, at least for the duration.  That was a letdown, as some of these people had been with her for years.  And to say they needed the money was an under-statement, given this day and age.    

Even sweet little Joanie, a twenty-year-old college student, who in the end had been the sole housekeeper for this establishment, hadn’t done this work for ‘mad money’, or whatever the term was nowadays to describe spare change.  With Joanie’s mother Sam recently laid off from her job a machinist at the electronics plant, and her contractor father Mike permanently disabled with lung and heart problems from his long bout of the COVID deal, Joanie had pretty much become the breadwinner while her little sister Angela subsidized the household with babysitting and a fast food job.  The proprietor had talked to Sam and Mike, who said that they were going to do what they could to keep Joanie in school.  Joanie had aspirations of working for NASA, inspired by her hero the astronaut and somewhat local girl Eileen Collins.   

The proprietor had mixed feelings about all of this, knowing about all that Joanie wanted to do in this world gone mad.  By letting her go, she felt that the proprietor had only added to that madness.  But the money just wasn’t there anymore.  The times were just not that friendly anymore, and things were tough all over for everyone.  

So when a young lady showed up out of the blue at the hotel to rent a room in the midst of this slump, to say that the proprietor took notice of this tiny ray of hope and latched on with all her might would be an understatement.     

On the day of this young lady’s arrival, there were no clients whatsoever in the tiny little motel.  None had been there for thirteen days.  Because of this, the proprietor was on the verge of temporarily closing down the place for a month or so, as it was costing more to keep up the place than to shut off everything.    
In fact, when the business drought started thirteen days earlier, the proprietor decided that if no one showed up after two weeks, that would be the day the closed sign would go up. Simultaneously entertaining scenes of dread where she filed for bankruptcy and those of relief where she could hibernate with the covers over her head in her two room cabin in the hills, when the young lady showed up the proprietor felt a mixture of both relief and annoyance.     
But, no decent person with good manners would make a display of such erratic sentiments, spewing them wantonly over whatever bystander happened along the way.  

These emotions the proprietor felt were of no one else’s concern, and certainly not those of a nice-looking and pleasant lady who just wanted accommodations for whatever her personal business was.  This automatic line of thinking and reasoning on the part of the proprietor was as a result of thirty years of practice, the mentality etched like a groove in her neural pathways.    
This oxymoron of practiced automatic thinking was very characteristic of Homo sapiens, by the way.  It showed that Homo sapiens could train themselves what to think.  It also showed that Homo sapiens could easily forget that they could train themselves what to think.  Perhaps this was a reason why such a supposedly thinking species was in the little pickle they were now, what with extinction notices hanging over their heads as they blindly sped by on the interstates of their brainwaves.  

The young lady showed up sometime late afternoon, somewhere between five-thirty and six just when the sun was about to go down.  She wore a mask, a plain black one that covered the majority of her lower face.  This mask scenario used to be alarming, the product of bizarre science fiction movies and those horror novels that Joanie seemed to like.  But nowadays after the whole pandemic situation, people were more paranoid and skittish.  

Given all of this, the proprietor wasn’t fazed by these masks anymore.  The proprietor had gotten pretty good at reading people’s general persona despite the half-hidden features, and to pick up impressions within seconds.  She usually was right about her conclusions, and she knew enough about herself that it wasn’t based on junk like racial impressions or what women or men must be or other stereotypical nonsense based on preconceived notions of different demographics.  Her deductions were confirmed based on vocal tones, and other kinds of nonverbal cues.  The proprietor had discovered that people had more in common with each other than most of those same people would like to admit.  Just ask the coronavirus.  That little bugger knew that, too.

What made the proprietor decide that the new client looked young, at least compared to her, was that the lines on the customer’s forehead and by her eyes were very faint.  Unlike the state of affairs the proprietor found her own face in these days after sixty-plus years on this planet, how the time flew and where had it gone?   
The young lady had faint hints of dark circles under both her hazel eyes, subtle enough to demonstrate fatigue but not alarming enough to betray a secret of abuse. The fatigue betrayed nothing unusual either, because after all it was almost evening and who wouldn’t be tired after  long day on the road?  There was the question of her gaze, which was direct and firm but did not convey obstinacy, and wrinkled slightly as her mask’s movement indicated that she had just briefly smiled at the proprietor.

The young lady was perhaps of medium size, which specifically meant that she appeared to be an inch or two taller than the proprietor’s five-three frame. Underneath the fitted green sweater she wore, it appeared that the young lady was somewhat athletic or at least a gym fan, based on the lean muscles that were apparent despite being hidden by fabric.  Her attire was topped off with blue denim jeans and brown low-rise hiking boots.  No fancy pocketbooks, just a black wallet in hand that indicated a casual but no-nonsense personality.  

She looked outdoorsy.  Of course, this was a stereotype in itself, the proprietor realized. But it was just a sense, perhaps a kind of aura, that the new client emanated that made the proprietor guilty of what she tried not to do most times, typecasting other people.  The young lady looked like the exact kind of person that would love a nice vacation in the hills, spending time on the trails and exploring the woody foothills that defined this region.  She even had a woodsy smell to her, which probably helped the association.  There was a scent of deep earth surrounding her, which maybe sounded like one of those woo-woo hippie things that Mick at the natural food store a mile away might say. 

Really though, it just meant what it meant, like she smelled more like an outdoor girl than an indoor one, but a cleaned-up one that knew what mask to wear when the neighbors showed up unexpectedly at her door.  Figuratively, and maybe perhaps literally.

First impressions aside, such a pleasant surprise this potential customer was, and one that made the proprietor feel quite comfortable and at ease.  The proprietor forgot about hibernating under the covers, and instead gave full reign to relief turning to joy at the prospect of potentially keeping the lights on for another day or so.   

When the young lady said in a voice that matched her pleasant picture that she might need a room with a lot of privacy for the duration of maybe ten days, or fourteen days at the max, and that she might need it for one, maybe two adults, the proprietor felt even more elated.  Perhaps, given the request for privacy, the proprietor should have asked a question or two more about what was going on.  But then again, this wasn’t the first time someone asked for this kind of service.  And after all, wasn’t this a place that was in the middle of the boonies?  The proprietor knew how to defend herself, being a girl of the country her whole life, thank you very much, and also was keen on following her instincts which were saying little or nothing against this woman.  So someone wanting a little privacy, now what could be wrong with that?

The whole transaction to register the young lady in a nice room took place quickly and smoothly, a brief glance at an ID that said the lady was Rachel Johnson who was 38 years young, and there was a credit card that went through without the slightest hitch.  Notating the make and model of the mid-sized sedan Rachel had transported herself in, everything went very nicely and cleanly.  There was no problem at all.
Her ID and that of the vehicle were both from a neighboring state, and so the proprietor asked Rachel what she was doing so long here in this neck of the woods.  Was she visiting family? Friends?  Maybe there was a slight hesitation, or maybe the proprietor imagined it or was just taking her life a little too seriously and there was no hesitation at all.  Rachel simply said,  “I just needed to get away from it all” in a voice so exhausted that the proprietor felt a bond with her.  Before and after the transaction, Rachel took advantage of the hand sanitizer the proprietor provided.  It was a lavender type, and now Rachel smelled like lavender.   
The proprietor got Ms. Rachel Johnson all set up in Room 301.  It was located in the row furthest from the office, and thus the one with the most privacy.  Because one thing the proprietor knew was that these days, everyone was exhausted.  If you managed to find an opportunity to get away from it all, you should probably grab at it the first chance you could.  The proprietor was happy to service Rachel in this regard, she and... who was it you were traveling with?  Your husband, boyfriend, friend?   

What followed immediately from this questioning resulted in another hesitation on the part of Rachel, a second twinge of doubt on the part of the proprietor of her own suspicions or perceptions, plus the sense of embarrassment that she had suddenly turned into a blabbermouth overstepping her boundaries nosing into her only customer’s business.  Bad professionalism, bad manners... maybe the proprietor was just getting too edgy with anxiety from overworking for nearly nothing nowadays.  She immediately apologized to Rachel for her nosiness, and Rachel literally waved her concern away as she received her key with the other hand. “You couldn’t be too careful,” is what she said.  She replied that she was waiting on a friend and hoping that the friend would come soon.    

With that, Rachel prepared two cups of coffee, black and no sugar, the last of the coffee in the carafe for the day.  It caught the proprietor slightly off guard, to see such a fatigued person drinking coffee this late in the day, but after all it was there for the taking and why shouldn’t Rachel help herself to it?  Rachel quickly said “goodbye” in a voice slightly more curt in speech than she had been up until that point, abruptly leaving before the proprietor could recommend the diner next door which had excellent pot roast and homemade cheesecake.     
The proprietor felt a slight sense of something off when this happened, whether it was disappointment, embarrassment or another sentiment, she couldn’t quite pinpoint it.    

Perhaps it was simply a question of fatigue, and maybe she was just so tired she was projecting onto poor Rachel the exact things she was guilty of, like the proverbial three fingers pointing back at someone while they pointed the finger at someone else.  When the proprietor got tired, she saw things differently than she would otherwise.  Perhaps she should take her own advice, go get some of Sherry’s pot roast and cheesecake, and find out if she’d talked to Joanie recently.  So much was going on, and so hard to keep up with it all.     

The proprietor put the ‘Temporarily Out Of Office’ sign with the phone number to the cell she had in her pocket if one had an emergency, on her way to go to Sherry’s place.  Her mind was just beginning to become full of those images and stories of whom she would see there this time of day, and what they all were all going to talk about, when she got a quick glance of Room 301 and the mid-size sedan that Rachel had traveled in, as the route the proprietor took to get to the diner walked her right past the trio of low-rise motel buildings.  

The lights were off in Room 301, but she heard the angry voice of a woman coming from inside. The voice seemed slightly deeper and more forceful than that of the woman whom the proprietor spoke to earlier, but eerily similar enough to Rachel Johnson that it could either be her, or that of her doppelganger or the very least, sister.    

That took the proprietor slightly by surprise, but what really made her think that her mind was going wonky was when she saw the movement of a head, or an arm or some other body part in the darkened sedan.   

The proprietor froze, jolts and bolts of alarm running through her.  Then, Room 301 was quiet and nothing moved in the sedan.  The whole thing happened quickly enough that the proprietor was convinced that she was too tired to even know what her name was anymore, let alone judge what was going on with people she had only met fifteen minutes earlier.     

With that, she headed to Sherry’s.  Who knew?  Maybe Rachel would come up in conversation, maybe not.  The proprietor was only glad to have somewhere to go that she could count on.  These days, things shifted so fast, it almost seemed like time was running out.  Good to know that she could be in a place she could forget about all of that, even for a little tiny bit of time.

_______________________

The proprietor saw Rachel from time to time over the next ten days.  Not too much, but once in a while, here and there going in and out of the room, and Rachel always managed to grab coffee and donuts just at the perfect time when the proprietor happened to either be in the back room somewhere or out at Sherry’s.  Rachel’s friend, if he or she existed in anything but the proprietor’s imagination and that of Rachel herself, never seemed to materialize.  There were no more strange movements that bumped in the night in the sedan.  There were no more angry yells from any voice, male or female, from the now mysterious 301. 

It was hard for the proprietor not to feel nosy about all of this, as the only other boarders during this ten day time period were four different overnight clients, three of them being long-hauler truck drivers and one family of four that arrived at nine pm one night with two overtired preschoolers and left at the crack of dawn the next day.  None of these boarders overlapped each other, only that of Rachel and her anonymous pretend friend. 

Because of this, it was hard for the proprietor not to feel a bit nosy about her long-term guest, or guests as the case could possibly be, regardless of what her upbringing said about minding her own business.  In fact, trying to get herself not to think about Rachel and her supposed guest only made her think about them more.  It was like that directive to tell yourself not to think about a pink elephant.  The more you told yourself not to think about a pink elephant, you couldn’t get the darned pink elephant out of your mind.  So, the proprietor gave into her curiosity.   
Better than thinking of the alternative, that she was probably going to go under in a month or so, either by selling her little cabin in the woods and staying here in the little studio with the leaky shower permanently, or closing this place for good.  Both would be a shame, considering all the decades she poured into both. Now, that was a pink elephant that could cause nightmares.  In comparison, ruminating on the Rachel alternative was a very pleasant choice indeed.

The sedan barely moved during all this time, which seemed surprising considering the proprietor’s impression of Rachel being a girl who might want to go exploring in the beautiful surrounding woods.  Even more surprising was the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign that seemed to perpetually hang on the door to 301.     
The proprietor had knocked on the door seven times in this interval with fresh towels, but two times she’d been greeted with silence, and three times with Rachel saying “I’m good, thanks anyway” in the pleasant voice she’d greeted the proprietor with and not with the vehement tone that the proprietor had thought she heard that first night through the door.    

Two other times, the proprietor heard what sounded like the grumbling of a male voice and nothing more, one of those times accompanied by strange soft hiccups and sobs.  Now the proprietor was really unsure about that one, wondering if she should go and call for help.  She called the cell number that Rachel gave her, and it kept going to voicemail.  She told Sherry about her concerns over macaroni and cheese and homemade chocolate cake.  Sherry laughed it away, saying that well, we have dealt with worse, haven’t we, and that the proprietor probably had been overworking and overstressed given all that had been going on.  The proprietor agreed, and wondered if once Rachel and her friend were gone she she should go see her sister Esther in New Hampshire.  Sherry agreed, and they both agreed that maybe Joanie or even Sam could come in and fill in for the time being then, because they both could use the work.  They laughed over coffee, and forgot about the whole thing.     

The proprietor didn’t bother with Rachel and her ‘friend’ anymore with their ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign.  After all, Rachel was a big girl, what with her ID saying that she was 38 years old.  She could seek out the proprietor if she wanted to.  That was her concern, and none of the proprietor’s.

As if on cue, Sam walked into the diner and sat down with the proprietor and Sherry.  What a wonderful night it would be now.  There was a lot of catching up they all had to do. 

_______________________
	
Four days later is when it all came apart.  

On the morning of day fourteen the proprietor happened to be walking past 301.  She didn’t mean to, at least consciously.  In fact, she’d gone out of her way to avoid walking past that unit since her last talk with Sherry and Sam, taking a more circuitous route to get to Sherry’s by walking around her office, around the lumber store that was just behind the gas station.  Room 301 had become a kind of elephant, pink or otherwise that the proprietor didn’t want to think about. Walking past Room 301 only would reminder her that she was supposed to forget Room 301.  And she could use the extra exercise and fresh air anyway, to clear the mind. It all worked out for the best, it seemed.  Everything had its positives.  

Thus, she got in the habit of avoiding Room 301.   

On Day 14, that all changed.  She’d absentmindedly dispensed the garbage from her last client into the farthest bin near the third row instead of the one nearest her office.  The area seemed to have a strange smell today, like a rotting one, almost like a dead animal.  Maybe that was what drew her to that area instinctively, who knew.  It got stronger, then fainter, depending on the wind.  When it got stronger, she felt quick jolts of nausea that abated when the wind died down once more.  So maybe the smell was getting to her, maybe not. 

She could have blamed her meandering on hearing the robins in the nearly bare trees across the way from the third row of rooms.  The robins were starting to sing in the still-dormant oak branches back in that area, promising hints of joy that only springtime could bring, even in these uncertain times.  Maybe that was why.   
In the end, she would wish it had been the robins that had been the attraction to this the far corner of the lot.  They most definitely were not.

Maybe the proprietor wandered over there, simply because she just forgot that this was an area that should be avoided. After all, the sedan that had been there for there for two weeks was gone, like it had never been there to begin with.  So with a sort of shock, there she was, standing in front of 301 with its ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign still emblazoned on the doorknob like a permanent fixture. 

Besides, Rachel and her friend (if he or she existed) were due to check out today at 10am sharp, if Rachel’s word meant anything about checking out after fourteen days ‘max’.  Which, according to the proprietor’s cellphone had been exactly twenty-five minutes earlier.  As she walked towards the dreaded Room 301, the wind got stronger and the putrid odor she’d gotten a hint of by the garbage bin got stronger along with it.   

At the force of the scent, an instinct kicked in.  The proprietor decided to reverse course in her trek back to the garbage bin, a funny sensation running through her skin as she did so that made her shiver despite the overly warm early April temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit. 

Although the noxious smell seemed to have embedded into her nostrils, she noticed the intensity of the smell actually got fainter the closer she got to the garbage bin.  Reversing again, anxiety rising in her, she walked towards Room 301 and found the odor getting stronger, the opposite of what one would expect in these circumstances.   

Then, her anxiety ran overboard into alarm.  Now, there was a reason to nose around, literally in fact.  Any good person of reason would agree with her.  That she knew for sure.

Hand on the doorknob to Room 301, the proprietor barely could find herself able to stand without her legs getting weak from the retch that made her want to vomit not only the contents of this morning’s breakfast of Sherry’s homemade French toast with New York State maple syrup and Canadian bacon made from free-range pigs, but her entire stomach and other entrails with them.  She bravely forced this impulse initially, and almost succeeded.  After all, Sherry had worked too hard for that good food for it to go to waste.    

But then the proprietor caught a glimpse of something that she wished she’d never seen, because she’d never be able to unsee that thing she saw ever in her life. The curtains to the room were opened just enough for her to observe what looked like a man, or what used to be a man.  Covered in blood and vomit, he was slumped over the hardwood oak furniture in the sitting room section of the motel room.  The smell now seemed to be a mix of that blood and vomit, plus excrement and vinegar that had been stewing at the bottom of a swamp with dead animals from the slaughterhouse.     

Sherry’s good food was no match for that one.  A pile of vomit lay at the doorstep of Room 301, as the proprietor stumbled back to the relative safety of the front office before dialing the police on her cellphone.  Soon they came, and in a blur the body of what used to be a man was taken away in an ambulance.  The proprietor said whatever she said to the police and signed her name to God knew what.  Frozen with fear even after the danger was gone, she hurriedly put the sign that said ‘CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE’ on the door of the front office, and rushed away.  The hotel, the quaint reputable establishment that had been her pride and joy, was now officially abandoned.

_______________________

In the immediate aftermath of the proprietor’s flight, several of the brochures that led what the proprietor had thought was fine guests to houses of God blew in the wind, abandoned to themselves.  One of pamphlets landed in the pile of what used to be the fine food of Sherry’s diner, which used to partially be composed of parts of a pig that not long ago was happily trotting in the grass, but was now decomposing in the pile of rotting vomit on the ground.  The fallen brochure proclaimed, ‘FROM THE DUST, GOD CREATES’.   

One day, perhaps in about thirty years or maybe less depending on the circumstances, the brochure would return to dust as well.  Its carbon would sink back into the soil, and the protocell and all the other microbes would break it down together.  Now, that would be one way for a Higher Power to go about creating things, wouldn’t it?

The ants were happy with all of this, though.  In a way, nothing was truly wasted in their world.  They came like an army, grabbing at morsels of the vomit.   Some even massed together and tried their luck on carrying off the brochure, but it was a bit of a slow go and they gave up.  So instead, the wind carried ‘FROM THE DUST, GOD CREATES’ to another temporary location where the cycle of death and life could continue.   Bacteria would come and feast on Sherry’s meal as well, afterwards returning to domains the protocell had laid out for them eons ago.  There was no waste there, either.   

Homo sapiens, they could come or they would go, and those leftover in the mayhem would find their way just fine.  The protocell would see to that.  There was always new life that came from the dust, after all.  


TWENTY-THREE


THE CATSKILL HERALD 

BODY OF MAN FOUND DEAD IN LOCAL MOTEL IDENTIFIED

By Meredith McGee, Staff reporter

Roseview, NY--  Authorities have confirmed the identity of a man found dead in a local motel under suspicious circumstances.  

Peter Gonzalez, 44, was found dead of an apparent drug overdose on April 7.  His body was found by motel staff when three days elapsed and there was no response from any occupant.

“There was a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign outside the door,” says a motel employee, who preferred to remain anonymous.  The individual also says, “it only was when this retch was stinking up the place that we realized something was really wrong.”  That is when law enforcement was contacted. 

Gonzalez’s death had been ruled as accidental until an autopsy determined that he allegedly been injected with potassium chloride in addition to the ketamine that was found by his person at the time of discovery, and that the identi-fication found by his body was that of a false identity.  

“This is a small town,”  states an individual from a nearby business that also preferred to remain anonymous.  “Although unfortunately we have become used to seeing overdoses due to all the opioids poisoning everyone, we don’t usually deal with alarming stuff like this.  It’s the kind of thing you see in a movie.”

Gonzalez’s correct identity has been verified through forensics and by friends of the victim who filed a missing persons report.  As to Gonzalez’s next of kin, family friend Joy Beck-Edwards says that Gonzalez’s wife Gwen Ryan was out of the state at the time of his death on business.  Beck-Edwards refutes any anonymous social media commentary that a woman of Ryan’s description was seen by the deceased’s room around the estimated time of death, or a report that a woman of Ryan’s description rented the room two weeks earlier.  “Gwen left the second day of April, and wasn’t due to return until the sixth”, adding that she received several texts from Ryan on the fourth, the estimated day of death of the deceased, that confirmed her narrative of being out of town.   

Ryan was unavailable for comment, but speaking on her behalf family friend Beck-Edwards says that neither she nor Ryan had any discussions about Gonzalez residing in the motel, whether alone, with Ryan or some other female traveler.  Beck-Edwards also claims there was no reason to suspect that Gonzalez was present at the hotel in the first place when his residence and that of Ryan’s is nearby, which according to Beck-Edwards is only fifteen miles from the location of the motel.  “When speaking to Gwen during the last two weeks, she mentioned nothing about Peter and her being at a hotel together.  None of this makes any sense to me.”

Authorities are still speculating on the possible motive and nature of Gonzalez’s death. “At this time, foul play has not been ruled out but it is not our primary focus,” says Kimberly Anthony, a detective with the state police, adding that “as a physician and epidemiologist, Dr. Gonzalez would have had the means to obtain these materials and know how to administer them to himself if suicide was the cause of his death” and that as a microbiologist, Gonzalez’s wife Ryan would also have the connections to obtain these materials.   

Anthony adds, “Based on circumstantial evidence, Dr. Gonzalez’s death could be accidental, a possible homicide or suicide.  Any of the above is possible and still needs to be investigated.”  

As to whether Ryan is a person of interest, or if Gonzalez’s work as an epidemiologist or Ryan’s work as a microbiologist has any known connection to his death, Anthony said “We are not commenting on the investigation at this time, and nothing has been ruled out,” though she requests “that the individual or individuals who uploaded the video incriminating Ms. Ryan are asked to contact New York State Police.”  

Detective Anthony says that the person’s or persons’ identity will be kept confidential, as well as that of any other individuals who have information, and emphasizes that no one will be facing charges at this time.  She adds that those who claim that Ms. Ryan was the person in the video circulating on social media mostly are “comprised of individuals providing commentary in the feedback section of the video’s post, and no witnesses have given actionable evidence that Ms. Ryan was ever here at the motel.  If any of these people circulating rumors have tangible proof of their claims, we’d love to see it and hear about it, but not based on conjecture from some anonymous online postings.” 

An autopsy has been conducted, but authorities are withholding making the results public at this time pending further investigation.   As stated before, any persons who believe they have information in this case is to contact New York State Police at (518) 555-0303.

     

TWENTY-FOUR


DECLASSIFIED REPORT ON ‘SUBJECT A’ PETER C. GONZALEZ  (DECEASED)

██████████

██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████

████████████

██████████

████████████████████

█████

██████████

THE FOLLOWING IS A DECLASSIFIED REPORT ON GWEN S. RYAN, FORMERLY KNOWN AS ‘SUBJECT B’

████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████

██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████

████████████████████

███████


Due to the circumstances, ‘SUBJECT B’ will be reclas-sified as ‘SUBJECT A’ from this point forward.  Gwen S. Ryan is to be perceived as the principle target to be taken alive at all costs, due to the existential threat she represents.  All jurisdictions are encouraged to use extreme caution.    	

Herewith, Ryan will be referred to as ‘SUBJECT A’ and Gonzalez as ‘SUBJECT B’.  No further public notices about the search for ‘SUBJECT A’ shall be made by law enforcement, pending this report.  No additional media reports broadcasting the gravity of the situation will be made.  ‘SUBJECT A’ may have connections within relevant departments to conduct an extinction level terrorist act. All investigations of this subject must be done with covert means.   As ‘SUBJECT A’ has been successful in evasion up until this point, it is to be assumed that the subject is aware of surveillance and has taken requisite measures to continue the suspected project.  

It is recommended that all levels of law enforcement continue their investigations, but to proceed with interrogations as though they are pursuing a criminal case and not a terrorist one.  There are enough violations of state and other regional criminal codes that those who are interrogated and queried can be questioned by local officials, and all jurisdictions are requested to share their findings as per the statute that calls for such transparency in these situations.  General inquiries into these concerns will give less rise to the clandestine nature of the operation.  Once initial interrogations are conducted, all persons shall be released on their own recognizance and perhaps will lead us in the future to the location of ‘SUBJECT A’.

Your cooperation in this matter is appreciated.  

_______________________

(The following is a synopsis from local officials per-taining to criminal code violations regarding the demise of ‘Subject B’ and the search of ‘Subject A’.   It is the first report received from outside departments and is to be archived in off-book facilities and is not for general usage)

SUMMARY OF FORENSICS REPORT,  re: Peter Carlos Gonzalez, (DECEASED)

Subject was a Hispanic male, 44 years of age.  Height: 5’11.   Cause of death: heart attack as a result of overdose of potassium chloride and ketamine.   Evidence reflects several attempts at injection in the abdominal cavity and throat before the fatal dose was administered into the aorta.    

Autopsy results have determined 250g of potassium chloride and 250g of ketamine to be in subject’s bloodstream.  Forensic evidence has determined the presence of at least two individuals in the hotel room where subject was found, based on pubic hair and other evidence of sexual activity in the room such as semen and vaginal fluid found on linen and carpet fibers.  

Evidence collected has been matched to decedent’s next-of-kin Gwen S. Ryan, a Caucasian female, 5’5”, aged 40.  False identities of both individuals have been reported.  Despite the violent nature of the decedent’s overdose which led to massive bloody vomiting and diarrhea, no evidence of a struggle was found and foul play was not immediately evident.  Computer logs containing a manifesto may indicate suicide by Gonzalez, although it is unknown if the decedent was under duress or was in an hallucinatory state at the time of death resulting in the fatal results.   Homicide is not ruled out at this time.   

Ryan is the prime suspect in this concern.  Additionally, she is wanted in connection to the theft of a pathogen at her place of employment, a biotech lab that works with potentially lethal biological agents.  Recommendations have been made that Ryan should be ‘taken alive at all costs’, and that because of Gonzalez’s involvement with international health crises all information be shared across jurisdictions.

It has also been recommended to proceed with extreme caution due to Ryan’s specialty with pathogenic biological agents.  Federal and state authorities are working together in cooperation.  The utmost transparency between channels is to be practiced.
 
(END REPORT)



TWENTY-FIVE


ANALYSIS:

Due to the potential bioterrorism threat pertaining to a) the decedent Peter C. Gonzalez’s unknown but suspicious cause of death, and the disappearance of his next-of-kin Gwen S. Ryan,  b) their common professional focus pertaining to emerging pathogens and their personal connection, c) suspicious activity on the part of both individuals associating with ‘voluntary extinction movements’, d) the theft of a potentially lethal pathogenic agent from the lab that Ryan did research in, Gonzalez’s death and Ryan’s disappearance are being treated as threats to national and possibly global security.   

At this time, all state evidence is to be shared with federal authorities until it can be deemed that the circumstances of this incident can be cleared of any terrorist connections.

RE: Discovery evidence recovered at scene of incident, which includes two documents attributed to the person of interest (Ryan) and the deceased (Gonzalez).  Both reports are in addition to forensic evidence taken from the scene and witness accounts putting Ryan at the scene along with the decedent Gonzalez.   All findings are to remain confidential and are considered to be property of federal and state law enforcement agencies until further notice.  

EVIDENCE REPORT #1

The following is taken from a word processing document left running on a computer by the body of the deceased, Peter Gonzalez.  Forensics have determined that both Gonzalez and his wife and person of interest Gwen Ryan had access to this computer.  

Authorities report that the computer was not password protected, and that no effort had been exercised to erase DNA evidence of Ryan’s or Gonzalez’s use of the computer.  The relevant document appears to be a manifesto outlining a strategy to execute an extinction level event.  Based on the contents of this material, earlier portions of this document are believed to exist, and computer forensic scientists have been authorized to investigate to see if encryption files, or anti-forensic means to hide data were utilized, or if material was deleted or overwritten.  At this time it is unknown if this document has been disseminated electronically or who may have had access to the material besides the deceased, who is believed to be the author of the document.  


DOCUMENT #1:

OPERATION SUNSET PHENOMENON, Conclusion

Invasive Species

In concluding our thesis for our plan to balance the equation of humanity against the rest of the world, we have decided to finish off with a discussion of invasive species.  This term has become vogue in recent years, with the advent of so-called environmentalism, which is a quasi-sentimentalism that believes forgets its anthropomorphism while pretending to save the world.  

In this chapter, we will discuss a more broad scale term of this subject, and whether humanity is saved or not in the end of the story is irrelevant, as being a species that is only one among billions.  

A related topic is one discussing that of the so-called ‘sixth extinction’ and what must be done to stop it.  In a sense, what this concept discusses is a sophisticated notion that Homo sapiens is the author of what only extraterrestrial and extreme terrestrial events could have caused in previous extinction iterations.   

A more direct way of describing the phenomenon is that the ‘sixth extinction’ posits that the wholescale decimation of one-quarter (at a minimum) of all biota is due to human activities which must be halted to avert disaster, and the belief that humanity has the will to radically alter their behavior to pull this miracle off .    
It’s a lovely premise, with the only minuscule roadblock being that ‘a lovely premise’ is pretty much all this concept is.  Individuals hearken ‘back to the old days’, old ways and what humanity does or doesn’t do, and the best thing that individuals come up with to fix all this is painting skyscrapers white while darkening the skies with carbon-capturing drones that have the added benefit of spying on everyone, and sticking pipes on the anuses of cattle to capture the methane to gas up civilian trucks the size of a typical three-car garage.  When the trash gets a little too much, let’s boldly go where no garbage man has gone before to dump it off on the moon!  Isn’t that why God put it there and allowed there to be ‘one small step for man’?  So we could use it to dump off our stuff and thus enjoy our English and Japanese gardens in peace?  Oh wait!  Let’s mine the thing while we’re at it, we’ve run out of iron supplies here and the lithosphere is now crumbling like a giant sinkhole!  Oh the humanity!

Who would have thought such a puny little monkey such as Homo sapiens could inflict more devastation than simple little life forms such as cyanobacteria, planetary ice ages, massive volcanic eruptions, or an asteroid six miles across slamming into the earth at forty-thousand miles an hour?  Talk about an invasive species wreaking havoc, and yet this same sloppy excuse of a species has the audacity to call the crabgrass and dandelions that hold the soil of the earth together the interloper because they interfere with our tulips?    

So, what one must do to remedy this situation?  

If you have a slug that’s eating your heirloom tomatoes or fungus that is inflicting disease on your prize Key limes, don’t you want to do whatever you can to eliminate the pest without killing your citric bounty and the birds, bees and butterflies while doing so?  Well, why not put all of this good intelligence to actual use and take out the real crabgrass of the planet, Homo sapiens? 
This is a premise that has been aired out before, but like most things that Homo sapiens blabs about in ivory towers and so-called think tanks (or the more pedestrian platform of social media), this has been no more than the equivalent than a bunch of know-it-all drunkards acting like blowhards barking at each other at closing hour.  Those alcohol-drenched indi-viduals in the latter example have the excuse of vodka, gin and rum taking over their bloodstreams and neural pathways.  The other individuals sitting in walled castles sipping wine and cheese while thinking themselves better than the other monkeys most certainly do not.  In any event, what it amounts to is that most Homo sapiens are nothing more than loud-mouth cowards, which most will agree with until the diagnosis applies to themselves individually.  

Of course, not all individuals who have considered the premise of halting Homo sapiens are individuals with weak characters and consciences.  In fact, many of those individuals might be anything but cowards.  However, almost all methods up until this point in history involved taking out much of the web of ecosystem like so much by-catch.  Total nuclear and chemical warfare, outlandish enterprises such as taking sci-fi concoctions comprised of ginormous magnetic poles that would force open the crusts of the earth, or setting off nuclear bombs in calderas such as Yellowstone in order to generate apocalyptic earthquakes, tsunamis and permanent sulfur dioxide skies would not only render life impossible for Homo sapiens, but additionally for just about every other species on the planet.     

Even a bioweapon made of a pathogen known to have a history of causing pandemics, such as SARS-CoV-2 or influenza on steroids, would not be a viable option as these are zoonotic in nature and could cause massive morbidity to fauna already damaged by the existence of Homo sapiens.  If the bioweapon is constructed of a microbial species that likes to stay alive and knows how to do so by jumping from one species host to another, once Homo sapiens has called it a night, a zoonotic pathogen would be at a high risk to inflict the same damage to another unwitting victim of an animal.  And, in a morbid way, Homo sapiens would keep on killing after it was gone, not only with the plastics and poisons that rendered most habitats to be unlivable but with the very weapon that took them out as well. 

To those brave enough to be the captain to take out his or her ship so that it does not fall into enemy hands, and with the agency to be able to do so, the time has come to invoke the one solution that will take out the one so the needs of the many can be fulfilled.  Our species, which the author of this manifesto is obviously and reluctantly a member of, has enjoyed killing so much it actually has gotten a big high on the concept of its own bloody suicide.  To this end, we as a species have outdone the mythical character Icarus, not only flying too close to the sun and smashing ourselves inside out as we crash to the earth.  No, we also have stuck our noses into its fiery cauldron in order to swallow whole its plasma, just to see what it tastes like when we burn our insides to death.  Now, talk about a child who keeps touching a hot stove and never learning!

There is good news in all of this.  Regardless if one believes in a God who renders judgment when things get out of control, or karma that rights the balance, or that Neo from The Matrix is going to save the day or Jesus will come to whisk away the good church people from those terrible meanies, or good old-fashioned natural selection that sifts and sorts the puzzle to some magic unknown end, the hubris of Homo sapiens playing with fire sticks and blowing up the place has yielded the perfect elixir to eliminate itself from the mix with minimal damage to the rest of the place it has destroyed in two seconds.  

Through the methodology of bioengineering and genetic splicing, one can not only make little Johnny smart enough in calculus from birth so that no matter how much dope he pilfers from the local apothecary as an adolescent he can still get a full-time scholarship to Harvard, one can create through the equivalent of cutting and pasting the perfect gem of a pathogen that will obliterate Homo sapiens exclusively while sparing the rest of the fauna and flora of the world.    This kind of sacrifice is what needed to restore balance to a biosphere that Homo sapiens thinks they are master of.   

Well, the biosphere did fine before Homo sapiens, and if this blip of a nuisance species is gone, the biosphere will be no worse for their loss.  So, why not put this rape and disembowelment of the genetic code to good use by getting rid of the perpetrators that made the holocaust possible so everyone else can live in peace?
There are engineers and scientists who are wise enough to put the malfeasance of their nightmarish skills to good use by creating such works, and the author of this manifesto has been honored to know many of them.  These are the individuals who understand that the naked monkey called Homo sapiens is really nothing more like grass that withers in the field, easily replaced by either God or science with something else.  These individuals who care enough about life as a whole to know that sacrificing humanity will be the heroes in the age to come, to restore balance and to purify the body of the world as a kind of macrophage to bestow health to life not only as Homo sapiens knows it but life as it does not, which includes most of life.

It would be wise to offer a word of caution to any who wish to weed out the garden that humanity has infected to be sure to do so without prejudice.  These are the people who believe that something drastic needs to be done to wake up humanity, but are engaging in a mass mortality event in order to save humanity and not to save life regardless of humanity’s fate.  These are the people who think perhaps a mass death event due to war or disease that kills off a quarter of the population will do the neat little trick.    

This premise is almost as bad as those who choose to do nothing at all, and want to make merry by fracking Yellowstone in order to power their smartphones, so they can play digital word and bubble puzzles on an app while driving seventy miles to work and click thumbs-up emojis on cat memes.  Individuals such as these seem to want the benefits of the end result without the sacrifice of themselves or the members of Homo sapiens they find near, dear and worthwhile to suffer what they are willing to inflict on others.  So, they create this neat little trick whereby we’ll all go back to the population of the good old 1990s when the Soviet Union fell on its Communist butt, and that will fix everything.  Does this really make any sense at all?

To take this premise further, consider this: if a quarter or even a third of the population is eliminated, what do you think will be the end result?  Five or so billion individuals left, up to half of whom have been used to microwave meals and who mostly think that tomatoes and potatoes spontaneously erupt in the grocery section of big box stores next to the toilet paper, instant wattage letting them binge and drink at bars until four AM, and on-demand television that will keep them relevant on the latest gore fest or soap opera, all now left to fend for themselves when every emergency service is not only overrun but is mauled by the chaos? Think of the resulting mayhem that took place when COVID-19 showed up to pay Homo sapiens a visit, when less than 1 percent of the total population was killed. Ramping all of that up twenty-five times more would do what, for anything?  This premise is absolutely ridiculous at the minimum and useless on its face.

A more realistic version of this premise allows for the reality that 1 or 2 percent of the human population will most likely survive an extinction level pandemic, even if the virulent agent is novel and lethal in the extreme.  One major reason for this, in addition to variables such as wind dispersal and efficacy of transmission, is that unlike human beings most microbes are not so stupid as to destroy the only home they can live in and are likely to adapt to their territory, utilizing it as a kind of reservoir to remain in stasis.  Of course, if Homo sapiens is the Frankenstein architect of this masterpiece, this could all be in flux.

However, since the inception of the first life forms, most if not all microbes have found survival by enabling symbiosis and adjusting to the environment around them rather than tweaking it so the inverse comes to be as it has been with Homo sapiens.  This is because spread of any contagion on such a global level, even in our jet-set world, will not happen instantaneously even when a concerted effort is made to spread it as quickly as possible.    

Miracle cures and vaccines could be made available for those involved in the spectacle, created in advance so that certain special people get a lifeboat while the rest drown in the sea, but this goes back to the premise that if one wishes eliminate or at least drastically reduce Homo sapiens needs to do so without prejudice.  Meaning, that if one wants the dregs that Homo sapiens has become to pay a price, the architects need to be willing to pay the price with their fellow condemned.  Else, this would be the equivalent of acting captain George Kirk being the first person to hop off the USS Kelvin when the rogue Romulan Nero began his bombardment of the ship.   A captain for a total of twelve minutes, the elder Kirk not only remained with the ship, he was willing to commit suicide by ramming it into his enemy’s territory to save the greater number of those who he was entrusted to care for.  Those who have the capability to eliminate the clear and present danger of humanity need to be willing to sacrifice themselves and allow natural selection to sort out the survivors.  Else, why not go back to business as usual? What’s the difference between being self-serving when one looks to spare oneself while others suffer when it comes to gluttony or creating a doomsday pandemic?  The spirit of narcissism is never any loftier just because one plays God with science while the other plays with video games and other people’s heads for kicks. Selfishness is the same animal, no matter who eats it.

This Anthropocene prejudice bleeds through even the best minds any architects and designers of doomsday plots, when they propose lofty endgames that will transpire once the species is knocked in its collective over-sized heads, whether the minds are of the belief that 25 percent of humanity should be eliminated, or 98 percent of them.  They really believe that such a disaster will be enough to show Homo sapiens how foolish they have been and thus chastened, becomes a species that only honors its better angels.  This is the philosophical kernel that leads to justifying the Star Trek vision of humanity, where after World War III all of humanity came together and magically eliminated all war in a matter of decades and partied away in San Francisco together.  

That is a science-fiction myth, of course.  But historians believe there is good proof for this sunny version of social Darwinism.  To explain further, many theorists have postulated that mankind has or will go through a rebirth and become a better species because of the culling through disease, natural or otherwise.  For example, there are historians who believe that both the Black Death and the 1918 influenza pandemic caused a tectonic shift in the cultural paradigm for Homo sapiens.  For the better, of course.    

There are two reasons why this conclusion involves a faulty premise.  The most obvious of this reasoning is that those who wish humanity to become a better species, become smarter, enlightened and all the accouterments that go along with such a lollipop vision is that it is anthropocentric in nature.  This premise is steeped in its arrogance that mankind is so superior that imposing an ‘event horizon’ crisis upon itself will catapult the species away from the massiveness of the black hole of its self-destruction simply because the species crowned themselves the ‘wise ones’.  They’ll figure it out!  You’ll see!  Amazing grace, how sweet the sound of Homo sapiens dancing together in the meadows holding hands and singing happy songs  while delivery vehicles show up with pad Thai and green curry platters!    

The most obvious counterargument to this is that if humanity were so capable of getting together to change everything to make a planetary utopia, why they never got on with it at any point in the many millennia they existed, and instead created bigger and better ways to blow themselves up, and why they would need to be nearly wiped out as a species in order to figure out what ostensibly what they inherently knew already, the idea of a ‘spiritual code of law written upon their hearts’.  

Despite one having crystal visions in cannabis sessions and other psychedelic experiences, no person or collective of persons is smart enough to envision what mankind will do after such a pandemic.    

To assume that Homo sapiens would march like a happy army into the sunset is a silly dream that has no basis in reality, a saccharine product of ‘positive thinking’ that really seems to be reliant on a kind of psychological pixie dust motif with fairies poking wands in people’s brains to magically transform them. There is no basis in fact to categorically assume Homo sapiens will do anything worthwhile once the shadow of doom looms over them.

In fact, one can argue mankind became worse instead of better after both the Black Death plague and the 1918 influenza pandemic.  Technological advances have been lauded as the second positive change rendered by these two disasters, an illogical conclusion peddled like heroin by many so-called ‘thinkers’.  According to them, for example, the post-Black Death experience created ‘better’ agricultural practices, due in part to the vast amount of open land now available because a third of the European population was taken away by the Grim Reaper.  This is supposedly an example of how humanity culturally and spiritually evolved to become a ‘better’ version of itself, its own self-help program utilized to its fullest.     
But what was really ‘better’ about this development, compared to the status of previous epochs?  Well, ‘we’ got to have capitalism from it, for one.  ‘We’ got to go and explore the entire planet, for another.  Who is ‘we’?  Certainly not the Polynesians, no!  How could that ridiculous theory ever take place??  Do you think we are dumb?  No, no!  ‘We’ entails adventurers from Europe, of course, who coincidentally were the people most affected by the Black Death (and were probably partially responsible for bringing home the little souvenir of the Black Death  home to begin with, care of their little pilgrimage offered to God by killing Muslims in the Middle East).  ‘We’ specifically entails European males, with the exception of blushing brides (who were in essence, women who were thrown out of their families for various horrific infractions such as not having their virginity intact) brought along to procreate for settlement purposes.  ‘We’ also got to exploit first peoples, ‘we’ also got to give horrific diseases to native populaces, ‘we’ also got to have major wars over land that ‘we’ claimed as ‘ours’.  
Does this seem like a rational example of how wonderful humanity became after a massive pandemic that wiped out a third of a populace?   A similar argument can be made for the post-1918 era.  Does it sound like the invention of a hydrogen bomb and the ensuing Cold War based on massing nuclear weapons sound like humanity woke up and embraced their collective inner hippie?  

And why is tripling our population in a century’s time a good thing, when Homo sapiens as a species is so good at calling for culling the population of other species that interfere with its plans, including the lovely little puppies and kittens that we call our playthings?  Is it not possible we need to cull ours as well, and that even nature is starting to respond to this by deciding the males of the species should start having their sperm count reduced and sending gifts that keep on giving such as COVID-19?  Does it not seem strange that the males who are slowly becoming infertile reside in the countries that decided running over the natives was a sign of humanity’s great leap of progress, and that males and the older generations that polluted the planet are more likely to die of illnesses such as COVID-19 than the ‘women and children’?   

We all can hope a drunkard like Star Trek’s hero Zefram Cochrane will somehow magically make a warp drive in a post-apocalyptic era so the Vulcans can show up, and we can go surfing across the universe to bring the joys of Shakespeare and Chopin to the Klingons and beyond.  But that is why something like that is science-fiction.  The members of Homo sapiens are too violent and too contradictory in nature to ever be of a benefit to anyone but their individual selves, which is why God, science, natural selection, or the like, has kept their silly little buttocks right within their orbit and nowhere else.

Mankind is so stupid and foolish that its members individually believe that anything it does is for the betterment of those around himself or herself, whether it is stand on a street corner and complain white people have rights too, watch ‘reality’ shows where rich Western and mostly Caucasian women claw each other with fake nails, hair and eyelashes, and shoes that cost more than the entire GDP of Africa at each other while pulling out each other’s hair (or weaves, if there is a token African-American featured), all because they signed one mass petition three weeks earlier on some petition website flooded with for-profit ads to ensure that some department store stops selling rabbit fur.   

Nowhere has this glorified narcissism become more nakedly apparent in the forum called ‘social media’, which should more logically be called ‘antisocial media’, for all the good that it does.  Oh, yes, people all over the world can now lament the slaughter of Cecil the lion and his son Xanda in some virtual flash mob of a sob session.  During COVID-19, everyone experienced happy joy rides watching streaming videos of children laughing and poignant moments of people holding up ‘I Love You Grampa’ signs on the windows of nursing homes, and floating heart emojis danced on screens as the people uttered a collective ‘Awwww’ while shedding a tear or two.  They even honked the horns in gratitude outside the windows of first responders when they were trying to get two hours of sleep before the next 24-hour shift cleaning up the viral detritus of get-togethers of maskless people yelling “DON’T TREAD ON ME!!!”.  We were all alone together!  The people all are one!  Let’s fight this little bugger together while sitting on our duffs tweeting sweet little ditties about how we’re suffering without our party life together!
But for one, even assuming this sappiness has a grain of true compassion in it, this is on the heels of the murderers bragging on the same platforms of their supposed brave kills, getting ‘likes’ and ‘followers’ who will play strong-arm tactics against those supposedly over-sentimental souls who should just shut up and get on with it.  And even most of those who cry over Cecil will have no problem excoriating a fellow member on his or her ‘friend’ list if it serves the purpose of raising his or her standing in the ‘community’, even if this scolding is not for the purpose of teaching wisdom but instead for the adult equivalent of a junior high school power grab which entails shoving one of the smaller teenagers into a locker simply for not having the right designer jeans.   

In essence, this so-called enlightened society is no better than a never ending episode of Jerry Springer, Empire, My 600-Pound Life, or Pretty Little Liars, the kind of shows that people gawk at like spectators at a zoo.  Except in this case, the spectators are the zoo specimens and the zoo specimens are the civilized ones. Have you ever heard of a lion making a nuclear bomb to blow up a tiger?   Yet after a war of words, this is exactly what humanity does to itself.  

Social media with its anonymous and incendiary attacks has only brought out the truth of who mankind really is.  An angry, slovenly mob that has decided everything it does is for some higher purpose, and because of this, will never consider that the real invasive species that has entered the universe is its own wonderful lofty being, no matter how many adorable emojis decorate its silly myopic vision.  They have no problem bombing each other, as long as they don’t have to see the wreckage of someone’s insides splayed inside out to remind them that those they bomb are just like them when it boils down to biology, and think it has done mankind and the rest of the world a big favor.  A microbe that can wipe out half the population is smarter than any of them in realizing the species is more alike than different.  If anything COVID-19 should have been seen as an avenging messenger to teach this species a lesson in humility, a species that could be wiped out in a single violent stroke given the right circumstances.  Homo sapiens is just like any other species, a collection of DNA and genetic reproduction and really nothing else.  

But the lesson of humility came and went, and people were just anxious to get back to the business as usual of buying and selling, going to stores to buy useless junk just to get away from the nuisance of their families and ‘for something to do’.  Instead of being chastised by a bug too small to see, they preferred to remain blind spinning in circles to go about their narcissistic existences, creating nice smokestacks dumping chemicals into a stream and deciding it is a wonderful idea if it gets fifty men off their beer-laden buttocks and instead ingesting asbestos from outdated infrastructure and other pollutants for twenty bucks an hour.  They preferred the  logic that dictates fighting is good, as long as everyone who is being fought against realizes that the instigator is only trying to be nice by showing the truth, and those that are losers sit down and shut up and do as they are told.  Because everyone knows this!  If someone decides he wins a conflict, this must mean on some level he is somehow created in some kind of inherently superior mold.  Everyone knows this!  It’s truer than hydrogen having one proton!  Get real already!

And why not think that way, when Homo sapiens in general has decided it is a superior species to begin with?  Why not carry it out to its fullest and render the tyrant as a hero for massacring and mauling his or her way to the top of the heap of bodies left in his or her wake, and then have the audacity to turn around like a little God and declare at this abomination of this creation, ‘it is good’? 
The narcissism of this human culture has a word for all of this lovely stupidity: progress. What does this so-called ‘progress’ entail?  Well, let us take a tree standing in a forest as a metaphor.  According to ‘progress’, this tree in the forest as it holds the soil together creating condensation resulting in precipitation to mitigate desertification and global warming, and carrying out that little superfluous pesky photosynthesis, is completely and utterly useless for ‘progress’ to work.  But chop the tree down so as to eliminate moisture from the soil and facilitate erosion, use it to make lumber to make a nice suburban house so people can drive gas-guzzlers to sit in oil-heated and cooled offices made from other substances from the bowels of the earth?  Well, now that is progress!  Don’t mind the cancer resulting from the air pollution!  It creates jobs, because who can’t use a little chemotherapy in his or her life now and again?  

This is example is only one of many reflecting what a nuisance mankind is to itself and to its fellow species.  Are really sure that fire ants, wild boar and quackgrass are the invasive species of our times, and if they are to any extent, who is responsible for rendering them to such a status?  

Many have been courageous enough to realize that mankind is a hopeless disease in and of itself, and have created whole organizations devoted to the eventual extinction of humanity through the decision not to procreate and to evangelize others to do the same, much as the conquerors brought Jesus with a gun and viruses centuries earlier.  This seems to be the most merciful solution, a benign euthanasia that will see humanity peter out into its twilight.  

The problem with this solution is its long duration of at least eighty years.  And what could possibly be the problem with this, one might ask?  Well, the closest two biological relatives to Homo sapiens are both within the ape family.  They are the bonobo, and the chimpanzee.  Bonobos are known for their benign, loving, matriarchal temperament.  They are the epitome of the slogan ‘make love, not war’.  	
Chimpanzees, the better known of the two, are known for warfare, competition, patriarchal dominance and one-upmanship, rape, and pillage.  Considering that the latter is so much better known to the populace than the former and the history of humanity, which of these two species seems more analogous to how mankind has conducted itself?   

Now, to take this premise one step further, if mankind knows it only has eighty years left in existence, does it make sense that it will take that time to have a collective, multi-generational reflection in a worldwide group hug, musing peacefully over fires playing guitars and singing songs?  Or is it more logical it will say, may as well milk it while I can and rape and pillage as much as possible, seeing that the lights are going out anyway?  

What kind of landscape will be left after such a long duration as a legacy to the remaining species, if there are any?  Will it make Mars look like a lush oasis?  The anthropocentric devastation of the planet will only be magnified that much more in such a long duration of prolonged extinction.  It is happening already, even with Homo sapiens only half-awake to the doom it is lumbering towards incrementally with every microsecond.  Just ask the myriads of species that have to scurry away from the melting icebergs and sinking atolls for dear life, hoping the mutations of natural selection will hurry up and realize the graffiti on the sinking walls.
This is why long-term voluntary extinction of humanity, while a nice idea on paper, is only that, a nice idea.  Frankly, humanity doesn’t have enough of the bonobo in itself to pull it off.  If it did, there would have been no need to consider voluntary extinction or forced eradication of the species to begin with, as the members would have already been living in harmony with the land, their neighbors and fellow species.  

Thus, it would seem that if Homo sapiens hasn’t figure it out in 300,000 years, a couple of extra decades probably won’t make much of a difference in how they conduct themselves.  Individuals have a way to clinging to their behavior patterns as a matter of principle and pride.  

In short, Homo sapiens deserves not the dignity of the long goodbye but a hollowing out that will cause enough of a dieback to allow other species to flourish in its wake.  And if humanity extinguishes itself in the process of the culling, so be it.  Let it go by the wayside as Homo erectus and Neanderthals have done, so something else can have its heyday instead, be it the cockroach or Cesar the chimp.  
A species as arrogant as Homo sapiens deserves to be taken out by a species designed specifically for Homo sapiens, by Homo sapiens.  It will not be God doing it, although there will be plenty of people who will be willing to blame a Higher Power even though they have done nothing worthwhile in the interim to actually pay homage to such a Supreme Being.  Since we have already split atoms, created test tube babies, and not only codified babies to not have Down’s Syndrome but also made sure they had eyes of blue, we can manage to tweak the perfect pathogen.  The COVID-19 pandemic showed the sluggish nature that lurked underneath the hubris of humanity’s overconfidence, and proved that even with all the toys that have been invented, a bug can still literally get under the radar and potentially steal into the homes of every individual alive.  

SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that caused the COVID-19 pandemic, and HIV, the forgotten blight that caused the scourge of AIDS that ravaged the planet, offer two good examples of what methodology needs to be crafted to create a viable way to wipe the slate clean of the smear that Homo sapiens blighted the biosphere with. Both pathogens were masterful in bringing down the toothpick arrogance of humanity’s supposed dominion, at least temporarily.  How did they manage to do this?   

Well, the strategy both pathogens employed to achieve this knockout blow was the protracted latency period that manifested a condition both an asymptomatic while being virulently contagious.  The best, brightest, richest and loudest were all left to scurry around like  panicked ants and lemmings to figure out the best way to outrun a bug that was billions of times smaller than it, all the meanwhile spreading the disease as they pontificated and pointed fingers at various demo-graphics blaming assorted groups such as gays, Haitians, Chinese people, Eastern city people, stinky immigrants who are Not Like Us which depending on the century could include Italians, Irish, Jews, Latinos, or bizarrely enough Native Americans, or it could be the fault of Democrats or Republicans and those bad little people who don’t go to church like Us Good Folks.  Now, does that sound like God’s supposed crowning achievement of Creation acted like the ‘Wise Ones’, or it more accurate to categorize Homo sapiens after displaying this kind of lunacy during a clear and present collective danger as being just a bunch of ‘Whiny Wiseasses’?  

Besides the usual practice of irrationally justifying racism or other kinds of prejudice in a  crisis over a microscopic threat that really didn’t care if someone voted for Margaret Thatcher or Bernie Sanders, or if one naked monkey was a little darker than the other naked monkey (or for that matter, a little lighter), the pandemics of COVID-19 and AIDS also excised another shadow of paranoia that lurked beneath the veneer of supposed ‘civilization’.  This second state might have been more logical, if not for the frenzy of media to throw C-4 on a gasoline fire that people would have paid more heed to avoiding if they had any sense of self-preservation.  The aspect that ignited this needless maelstrom was rooted in the asymptomatic spread of both pathogens, which meant the longer the pandemics took place, especially in the case of COVID-19, the more individuals saw each other as walking virus factories than fellow human beings.     

The ensuing mayhem had individuals overreacting on one side by calling for the death of all homosexuals in the case of AIDS, to those who with brazen disregard were willing to become death carriers to their friends and families because they were sick of quarantine measures and wanted to go back to their happy days of eating and drinking and buying and selling because that’s the right that the troops died to protect in the case of COVID-19.   

The irony was that in both cases, if people dropped instantaneously, going from shiny and healthy one second and then dying while bleeding from their orifices the next like the worst outbreak of Marburg disease possible, people might have seen the seriousness and grim egalitarianism the pathogens executed.  Protracted asymptomatic spread in both pandemic instances paradoxically both solidified and negated quarantine measures, and both diseases spread unabated, or at least not with any level of containment that could dissuade antagonistic infighting or the provocation of individuals acting on their basest fears, attacking each other like rabid zombies.    

Perhaps a campy television show such as ‘The Walking Dead’ was more prophecy from the gods than theater.  However, despite its rabid popularity no one bothered to heed its grim warnings.  Just some good fun to kill the time and ignore the person next to me watching it while ordering some grub on my smartphone!  But wait!  My delivery food app crashed!  Oh no!  What am I going to do??!  I’m going to die!   
So, to conclude, our last two pandemics proved that pathogens could remain hidden while in a virulent state, confounding even the best experts from any containment measures.  Although these pathogens were both zoonotic in origin, their ability to remain in such a dormant but contagious stasis could provide the ultimate model to fashion an anthropocentric doomsday virus.  Ideally, the virus would model the long prodromal stage of these diseases while providing asymptomatic or near asymptomatic viral shedding, acting much the way SARS-CoV-2 did in the case of the COVID-19 superspreaders.   Even more ideally, if the pathogen manages to ‘piggyback’ within the cytoplasm and genetic code of other microbes as a kind of phage, then it is possible it will remain so hidden to evade detection.  Once morbidity does arrive to the human populace, measures to contain or eradicate the pandemic will be enacted too late to save the majority of Homo sapiens. 

What could result from this?  Medical facilities would not only be overrun with victims of the doomsday pathogen, but other effects would be set off as a chain reaction.  Any patients with chronic conditions would less likely be attended to, and individuals with curable conditions that have symptoms similar to the doomsday pathogen would be most likely shunted aside in a triage situation as being another victim of the pandemic.  Infrastructure and utility services would begin to suffer, causing a chain reaction of accidents and other medical fatalities as emergency services on all levels would collapse.  Most likely, the worst effect of this kind of pandemic would be wars as one group blames the Other, or because there is a demagogue who would love to take advantage of the mayhem by becoming the new Hitler or Ho Chi Minh but will call himself or herself the new Moses or Buddha or Jesus or Mohamed.  This is only a problem, insofar as causing additional damage to the biosphere as Homo sapiens in their infinite wisdom tries to blow up someone else by dropping a hand grenade on their feet.  

The good news is that perhaps this side effect might be mitigated by the sickness and weakness of the very leaders who wish to precipitate such a conflict.  Instead of getting the Roman Empire or the New and Improved Third Reich back to make it all great again, everyone will be too sick or weak to mount anything long term other than dying in their own fluids while giving the others the middle finger, proverbially or literally.   

In short, this silly little web that Homo sapiens has prided themselves on as God’s crowning glory will be completely annihilated by its own masterful creation, perhaps in as few as several months but most likely no more than in a decade’s time.  And what a fitting end it should be, for a species as arrogant and narcissistic as Homo sapiens!  Let Frankenstein’s creation have its due rights and become the ultimate hero!

This manifesto, while admittedly long winded at times, has been a treatise to prove that humanity is and always has been an invasive species, a testimony to determine whether it should be spared with mercy or sentenced to harsh punitive measures based on its behavior.   

It would seem that the jury has ruled, and there has been no evidence that Homo sapiens should be shown any leniency.  Any and all architects of the judgment rendered must utilize the misused and overdeveloped characteristic of aggression for a more constructive purpose as portrayed in the Scripture’s words, ‘a time to kill and a time for hatred’, to carry out this most important mission. 

As the brink of the sixth extinction looms, it seems the time for those violent emotions is now.  In the spirit of this courage, to enable those to better commit to the swift punishment that must be rendered, the primary author cannot leave a mark without revealing personal identity to give incentive to those who hold similar beliefs.  

May those who embark upon this important mission for all life forms have the spirit of their conviction and the knowledge that natural selection on its side.  The author is privileged to have met you vicariously and virtually through the words spoken here and is grateful for the work you will do and excited for what you will accomplish.  

Peter C. Gonzalez


END EVIDENCE REPORT #1



EVIDENCE REPORT #2


The following is an unsent e-mail that was found on the computer’s server, addressed to Ryan from Gonzalez.  Computer forensics are presently investigating as to how many times the message was accessed, although deter-mining if Ryan specifically accessed the message in addition to Gonzalez might be difficult to prove if forensics do not yield physical evidence to prove this as all video surveillance embedded in the computer had been disabled.  However, due to the imminent threat posed by the corroborating evidence surrounding the findings, investigations are to proceed with the assumption that Ryan not only had access to the e-mail, but is an accessory to the directives found within the body of material.

To Gwen, my dearest love in this universe bent on killing itself, 

This is a difficult letter for me to write to you.  I don’t know how many times I’ve written it out in detail, then scrubbed it before torturing myself to write it all over again, like a mutation that just won’t go away.

You are the only person who has known all that I struggle with, Gwen.  Not to mention, the shame of being a member of one of the most disgusting and vile species that ever existed.  I say that as a healer that fell prey to the hope that humanity could ever change their ways, to have the presence of their supposed higher thinking that they would learn to listen to their better angels rather than their basest impulses and their addiction to instant gratification.  I find the most despicable aspect of this species is its abject stupidity to never learn from any of its mistakes and its pure joy in seeing others suffer if the suffering will benefit its short term impulses and desires, be it a member of their own species or that of the biosphere they exploit whether calling on the name of a Supreme Being or the supposed wisdom of science.    

I am tired.  The biosphere is tired and in need for a long night of rest without its tormentor that justifies destroying it.  You know that I am probably at my limits in holding on.  You also know what needs to be done to right the scales and balances to bring justice and order back to all of life, whether or not the puny little monkey species that you and I are unfortunately part of makes it or not.  You have always been the stronger of us, Gwen.  I will concede that without question.    Knowing that, I believe you have what it takes in all capacities to carry out what needs to be done.   

I love you.  I always have, and did from the moment I first lay eyes on you.  I don’t know if I will ever get to say that again to you face-to-face.  Knowing that we are both being watched, I don’t even know if you will read this letter.  I only hope that you will read its words, and if you don’t at least somehow its message and hope gets to you so that you can carry out the masterpiece that I know you are capable of.   

Until we meet again, here or in the next phase, yours always, in love and unity, Peter


END EVIDENCE REPORT #2



TWENTY-SIX


TO:  █████
CC: ████
FROM: ████████
RE: ‘Operation Sunset Phenomenon’

The source material has been obtained and is ready for manipulation, and all ties to our influence have been muted.  We have sent you samples based on our findings.

Based on all reports we have collected, we have concluded that the substance is malleable to our purposes, and has an exclusive relationship to Homo sapiens, with a high morbidity rate that can be reverse-engineered to tie into human DNA.  We believe our mission is a success, and are pleased to present this as an offering for the blueprint you have proposed.  We look forward to hearing from you.


TO:  ████████
CC: ████
FROM: ████
RE: ‘Operation Sunset Phenomenon’

Thank you for this effort, and we are glad for your offering.  We have received the samples and are pleased with their efficacy based on those preliminary findings.

However, your inability to subdue the individual previously known as ‘Subject B’ for purposes of engineering the microbe has made your mission a failure.  We will be forced to take alternative measures because of this.  However, we were anticipating this failure and have already implemented the back up plan.

Our condolences on the death of your founder.  He was a great individual with a great vision and will be missed.  We will insure that his legacy lives on.    



TO: ████████
CC: ████
FROM: ████████
RE: ‘Operation Sunset Phenomenon’

We are sorry for our failure.  We are willing to partake in the consequences.  


TO:  ████████
CC: ████
FROM: ████
RE: ‘Operation Sunset Phenomenon’

Indeed you are.  Your willingness for sacrifice is why you were selected.  We appreciate all that you have done.  


TO:  ████
CC: ████
FROM: ████████
RE: ‘Operation Sunset Phenomenon’

We are so grateful to be of service, no matter what the consequences.  Thank you for all that you will do for the betterment of the world.


TWENTY-SEVEN


TRUTHSAYER'S UNDERCOVER SCRIBE

Concrete journalism from the frontlines that the corporate-spun ‘real news’ will never tell you! 	

CURRENT EVENTS  (with a twist of sarcasm, because who doesn’t need a dose of humor with their bad news in this day and age?)

THE MYSTERY OF THE INVISIBLE FIRE THAT EVERYONE SAW!

By Miles Jenkins, Staff Writer

Authorities are denying civilian reports that a large explosion took place in a wooded area in Herkimer County.  This state of denial isn’t sitting too well with the neighbors, to put it mildly.

General reports taken from about two dozen individuals suggest that a big fireball seem to explode out of nowhere.  Individuals then experienced, according to one anonymous witness “what felt like a mild earthquake.... I lived on the West Coast and used to feel this all the time”, at or around 11:50pm one day ago.    

One or two people even suggested that they “saw what appeared to be a military-type copter airlift what seemed like body bags into the craft” before disappearing from view.    According to electronic footage recorded by witnesses of these events that this journalist had the opportunity to observe, it can be suggested that these 
reports could be credible.

All attempts by this journalist to obtain information about these common reports from authorities and officials were rebuffed.  
Surprised, anyone?

“This is bull*&$&”, said one of the alleged witnesses who was willing to be interviewed with the promise of anonymity.  “These m-f*kers, coming here with their meth labs, just a mile from where I go with my family to hunt?  And then I can’t get any information, they write me off as some redneck alt-right wingnut?  Where the hell is it that I can be safe?”

“Does this have to do with that break-in they had at the biotech lab?”, asks Ashley Cartwright, a local pediatrician, referring to a recent alleged burglary at a Capital region biotech firm located about eighty miles from the explosion.  “I don’t know what’s going on here.  They were all hush about that one, too.  They say some kind of microbe was taken, and that the scientist working on it is missing? Her epidemiologist husband is violently dead?  Some of us know who they are, and we get slack that it’s all fake news on social media.  Tell me, we’re supposed to imagine that there’s nothing suspicious of all of this?  And we’re all supposed to think nothing is going on?  We may be country folk, but none of us are stupid.  We are all wondering what’s happening.  And no one will tell us what is happening.  No one cares.  We’re terrified here, and no one will listen.”

As to why people are lumping a burglary, a mysterious death, and other happenings taking place miles away with a fire in their woods, anesthesiologist George Cahill says, “Look.  We have a doctor here that worked with Peter (Gonzalez) on some missions overseas, and he says that there was some kind of outbreak overseas that was completely covered up and written off as a hoax.  Everything is a hoax nowadays.  They say there’s no outbreak, that there is no novel microbe, that everything is a big misunderstanding.  Now, they have military helicopters coming in here when there’s an explosion?  And nothing’s going on?  You’ve got to be kidding!  Miles, you can’t trust anyone anymore.  Why bother having a government if it doesn’t do anything and won’t listen to you?  I really could think of better things I could do with my tax money.”

George isn’t the only one who’s pissed off around here.

“I can’t believe in this day and age, when people have the means to record this stuff, they’ll say that what you recorded doesn’t exist.  Is this Brave New World or what?!!”, says an inflamed individual who also spoke on conditions of anonymity.  “No wonder we’re all going to hell here.  We can’t even be a people if our voices are told they are bulls*^#.  No wonder everyone’s playing video games and getting drunk.  Why bother?  No one will take you seriously anyway, anymore.” 
There’s even been reports that Gwen Ryan, the recent widow of dead Peter Gonzalez, is ghosting up the place here and there.  “I saw a woman who looks just like her at the gas station, and called out her name,” says an anonymous individual.  “The woman looked right at me, but then she ducked out before she even said one word to me.  I know it has to be her.  I’d recognize her anywhere.  Something is happening to her, and I reported it.  Like they all said to do.  They took my name and number to interview me, and no one got back to me.  No one at all.  What is going on around here?!!”

Does the alleged explosion, if it can be confirmed, have anything to do with the recent apparent suicide of epidemiologist Peter Gonzalez, or the disappearance of his wife and person of interest, the microbiologist Gwen Ryan?  And are recent alleged sightings of Ryan a hoax, wishful thinking, or de facto evidence that she is still alive?  No one in authority will answer any questions.   
That is, no one with any legal authority.   

However, other sources may be more authoritative, depending on the point of view.
“They killed the eagle, that’s why”, says Keith de Vries, a history and biology teacher.  “So this is what you get.  This is what you get.”  Pressed to expound upon this cryptic state-ment, de Vries says “They killed the eagle by the lake, and you bring in the demons.  This is what you get when they kill the spirit animal that watched you and protected you, and no one punishes the murderer who did it.  You kill the protector, so be it.  You get the demons, and you can only say that you asked for it.  They killed the eagle, and this is what you get.”
Further reports are forthcoming, and this reporter will stay on the real story.  

Watch out for the demons, my friends.   

And I’m serious.

Miles Jenkins is a journalist who actually makes a living doing journalism, even in this day and age.  How does he accomplish this monumental feat?  He writes to entertain you so that you won’t be bored to death while actually saying information that really happens.    

He does it by reporting YOUR story.  Not what they want you to hear, what YOU need to say.  Miles goes to the source and actually TALKS to people.  So you get real interviews that don’t sugar-coat and make crap look like gold.

There’s spin here and he won’t deny it.  But you’ll know it, which is more than can be said for most media (yep, all of them), and you can take what you like and figure out what you want to believe.  After all, aren’t most of you adults here?  
Think for yourselves, people! Isn’t that what the hell freedom is all about?

	

TWENTY-EIGHT


For a brief forty hours on the planet called Earth, every inch of the sky went red.
It did not happen all at once, for even a species as obtuse as Homo sapiens would have suspected this occurrence.  But in the space of twenty-four hundred consecutive minutes, the atmosphere was saturated here, there and other places, suffused with the various hues that denoted fire and blood.  It happened at the times of sunset, and the times of sunrise.  It happened at times when the sun was at the highest, tingeing clouds with an orange so slight one had to be looking for it to see the brilliance.  A few did, and others called them full of illusions and imaginations.  So much for listening to the last of the prophets before the judgment fell.  

In some of the places of the world, the hues were subtle, alighting the skies with pink clouds that spoke of summer and cotton candy.  Flames of orange light swallowed cities small and large, charging over hills and plunging into valleys before stealing away.  Some spoke of the moon covered in blood, and thought it an omen, but others were asleep to the cosmos just as they were to all else in their lives.    

There were those who found the oranges and the red very awesome.  Some just pulled the shades down, and so they forgot about it all thinking it would be all over soon.  In a kind of blindness that held weight because it contained a grain of truth, they were correct.  In no one place did the oranges or reds remain for long.  

The hues were a universal sign, irrespective of species.  But no one was forced to heed the message.  At least, not yet.  

Among the Homo sapiens, there were monks and imams, holy and unholy men, women and children, who prayed as they normally did and others who prayed more intensely. There were a few others scattered here and there on the planet who were shaken awake, startled by dreams that seemed vitally important to remember but disappeared in the light of waking consciousness.   

Several plumes belched from the navels of volcanoes here and there, tremors strong enough to stop the presses but not strong enough to collapse the world outright. This had been going on and on for some time, so it felt like the biblical mandate of wars, rumors of wars and other portended signs that had been coming and going for so many centuries that the message they foretold had been forgotten.  Some liked the idea of the volcanoes speaking, for the relevant sulfur dioxide meant that global warming was on hold for a few more months and life could just go on as usual.  And why would it not? 

Because it would not.  In their ways of knowing beyond knowing, each of the newly christened protocell serotypes understood this in their speaking beyond speech. The protocell of the soil called Protocell 1 knew this, which is why the bowels of the earth rumbled like so.  The protocell of the sky called Protocell 2 intuited this, which is why the skies mourned in currents of red river blood.   

If grief was a quality that need to be quantified by hard facts and tangential proof, the lamentation of life forms the size of a microbe might be too laughable or incredulous to accept as reality.  However, the disbelief of some did not exclude reality from going on about its business.  Denial and ignorance did not confer or determine empirical facts, and did not negate the reality they dismissed. The qualities of denial and ignorance on a collective level only proved how small in mind one species could be, regardless of how large it presumed itself to loom in the shadows and the light.   

Not all of life were asleep to the portent warnings and peals of grief that took place. The protocell’s lamentation for their kin was palpable in the atmosphere to those who were awake, and many fauna took cover without warning, and much flora folded into dormancy.  The world was a big place.  Much of what went on in it happened without the Homo sapiens’ detection, despite all the constant surveillance their technology did.  Their instruments were not meant to detect the lamentations of things smaller than they.  Despite what the Homo sapiens believed, the world was too big for them to catch such phenomena without the concentrated thought that unification only brought.  They were still too much the trib-alists at war with themselves to see. 

For forty hours, the skies fluctuated with angry strangeness and the bowels of the earth rumbled.  The lamentation of Protocell 1 and 2 screamed through the skies on a decibel level so low it covered all of the earth, and for a small moment much of the world went still, in the heavens and down below.  You could sense a fluctuating blip in the kinetic energy of the atmosphere, if you were the kind that knew how to detect the metrics of such things just by breathing oxygen.

In this microsecond, every member of Protocell 1 and Protocell 2 cried a psalm of grief in their molecular vibration for what was to come.  Protocell 3 remained silent, not in happy dreams as it did for millennia in the blood of the Homo sapiens.  Theirs was a song of grief nonetheless, in a kind of prayer for the strength for what was to come, for themselves, for the fierce soldiers their offspring would be, for what they would be twisted into by the vilest of the bipedal doomed species, and for the bipeds themselves.   

The lake in the middle of the woods stood as a witness to it all, one that was silent but not quiet.  Each blade of grass stood at attention in an unnatural way, as though ionized by some unseen force of terror that could not be arrested.  The Homo sapiens female that had been here for so long was no longer present here in physical form, but the genetic bread crumbs she had shed over the years crawled and hid in the waters, soil and sky, imprinting her genetic code like so many ashes for all eternity upon their bodies and corpses.   

Residing under the canoe that she had ridden on the highway of the lake, several newts and salamanders watched the sky, frozen in motion from perhaps fear or wonder or both.  The boat, thrown haphazardly on the shore, was situated on a north facing diagonal angle so it provided the newts a window to the heavens.  When the forty hours of otherworldly light ended in this place, in this exact location and elevation, the life forms were treated to the sight of a red sun and a red moon disappearing simultaneously.   

As the astronomical phenomenon transpired, the widowed eagle launched from a perch too far and high to be seen with a naked human eye.  She screamed across the sky at decibels so piercing that any animal who could run or fly for cover did.  The eagle disappeared, ushering in both silence and darkness.  Night fell on the lake, and the nocturnal musicians of the lake and woods went mute for a single reverent minute as the red hues of dusk were buried in their grave.  The forty hours were now terminated, and blindness now reigned.

Throughout it all, the protocell watched and waited.  The judgment had begun. 

All endings have a beginning.




THANKS

To John, for all of your hard work, patience and skills that helped this book evolve, and for listening all these years to its many mutations.

To Ramona, Linda, David, Laura, Tom, Bob, Sara, Castel, Yolanda, Susan, Michael, Clark, Natalie and Anne for your inspiration and support.

To all the readers for the privilege of your time. 

A special dedication to those who were casualties of COVID-19, to their friends, loved ones and caretakers, and to all the essential workers during the COVID-19 pandemic for their service and dedication.

Thank you



