

Psi-ghted

Maxine Millar

Copyright © 2018 Maxine Millar
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Introduction
In the late 21st century, once the star drive had been developed, exploration to other planets commenced and by the early 22nd century, travel had become relatively cheap. Then, these habitable planets were seen not only as homes for settlers, the new west, but also as a dumping ground for unwanted people; political refugees, environmental refugees, criminals, those thrown off ancestral lands by oil companies, cattle barons, mining companies, forestry companies and the biggest category of them all, the chronically unemployed. These migrations were often involuntary for the unwanted people.
A two tiered society developed here on Sanctuary of the rich and the poor. The definition of rich was any who had a home and a job for the poor generally had neither.
There were signs there had been a race of creatures here once, possibly sentient, but there was no sign of them now and from space, there was an indicator of why. There was evidence in core samples, taken during the exploration phase, that there had been an extinction level event, an asteroid strike. It looked like there was an ocean where once there had been an island. The huge number of apparent vacancies in the food chain were replaced by Terran imports and all seemed normal but as the years rolled on it became obvious it wasn’t. From some source, and the consensus of opinion now was that it was something in the food chain, a mutation, or enhancement, was occurring in humans.

Contents
Introduction
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty

Chapter One
<Jay, wake up>
<Mmmm?>
<Wake up, I need some help>
<What with?>
<Are you awake love>
<Almost. What’s the problem?>
A page opened in my mind like a computer screen. I scanned it as she scrolled the pages slowly down and had to read several pages twice before I saw the anomaly.
<line 6. It’s a plus and it should be a minus. It’s showing more materials being purchased than goods being produced. Some are being siphoned off or sold on the cheap. Look for the same amount as a minus. Can I go back to sleep?> I smiled as I felt her caress in my mind and her relief. I sensed she’d been trying to find the ‘creative accounting’ she was sure was there.
Siobhan was an accountant and did the books for all sorts of people who had dodgy motives at times. She had an instinct for this but often needed help to confirm it. I was the math genius. Now she was sure what to look for she’d find the rest.
I had first been aware of her not long after I arrived here when she heard me sobbing when I was silent and hiding. I had been hiding from everyone and I had a sickening headache and a broken arm. She convinced me to seek help from another child. That was thirteen years ago. I went back to sleep.
I awoke again, stretched, and looked around. It sounded like Danny was just finishing up the last of the milk. I hoped it wasn’t off yet but Danny could handle it pretty sour. He’d had lots of practice. I dragged myself up and checked the milk container. Empty. That meant coffee without milk. Yuk. I checked. Wrong. No coffee either. The only thing worse than black coffee was no coffee. Then I remembered we were out of gas too so that would have been cold coffee anyway. And we were out of water. All that was left in the food line was concentrate. Dehydrated concentrate. I sighed, not a good morning. I wondered if I could find some clean water somewhere but in the meantime Sharelle was glaring at me. I knew what that meant. It was my turn to work and I wouldn’t be welcome back unless I had some food. I hadn’t found work for several days and we had run out of almost everything. Sharelle would have to find some clean drinking water for Danny and Marcene and hopefully some extra water for washing. We were all smelling a bit rank and I couldn’t remember the last time we’d been able to afford a Cleaner.
Carefully, I unlocked and eased open the metal door of the van; the van that was now joined onto this larger van. I looked around as Danny scooted up to me. Danny was the only one small enough to stand up in this shelter and I smiled as I hugged my little son and crawled out of the shelter, carefully easing my Shield out in front. I could feel no imminent danger, just the usual background mix. It was just before dawn and I could see no one. A rare tree nearby shadowed the door which meant we could sneak a peek out without being seen, to check if it was safe to move but it was early morning and generally Monty’s Mob were late risers. I headed for the docks, thinking, carefully feeling for danger, Shield ranging as far as I could deploy it.
Sharelle had a job but sometimes she hated it and I hated her doing it. But she made such good money when she worked, more from the private stuff generated by her job. With her beautiful face, long black hair, almost black eyes, perfect lithe figure and athletic ability she was a bar dancer in one of the local joints. Popular at the club because of her looks and dancing style, she danced in bare feet. Bare feet were rated as being very sexy. But although it was well paid work it was high maintenance and high risk.
In this rich, snobby planet incongruously named Sanctuary, there were two classes; rich, and us and we were descended from refugees. On this planet, refugees were the poor, the undesirable and the exploited. The rest of the population chose to come here and some were from other planets but mostly Earth. I was probably born here but that didn’t make me a Sanctum. A good job, a black bracelet, an income did. I had none of the above.
• • •
I had to find work not only for food, now but for Sharelle to be able to work. To work, Sharelle needed make-up, a Cleaner and flash clothes and a couple of weeks ago a customer had ripped her outfit. The money tucked into her clothes had mostly fallen out and other customers had grabbed it so she’d come home in ruined clothes with bruises and grazes, and very little money. Her sullen manner indicated that hadn’t been the only injury. I knew not to enquire further and so did her Mum. And it was the only suitable outfit she’d had.
Marcene had tried to fix it but it was too damaged. Sharelle needed a new outfit and they weren’t cheap. And our deal was that I had to match the money she made and it was my turn and I wasn’t doing so well. I had a hard time managing to match her pay unless I did treble her hours…or something illegal. Marcene tried to find work as well but she hadn’t had even a few hours work for weeks. But Marcene looked after Danny and was vital for the rare times we were both working and Danny loved his Grandma. Crucially, Marcene was a peacemaker and I knew that without her Sharelle would kick me out, again. Marcene liked me and vice versa. A pity Sharelle didn’t share that view.
If I didn’t get some work today I’d have to go back into the black. I was known as a drug runner so I couldn’t do that anymore, not without an awful risk and I’d have to either sub-contract out or work for the opposition; both very risky choices. Sub-contracting out meant finding one of Monty’s drug couriers and doing some of the runs for them; very risky if Monty’s Mob found out. The second alternative, the opposition, was risky for the same reason; Monty’s Mob. If they found out I was back in the game they’d be after me to work for them instead since I’d made a great deal of money for them. For them. Not for me.
I sighed, it was a pity because it paid so well although not if you worked for Monty’s Mob as I had had to. The cops still randomly searched me. Although they had never caught me with drugs they knew I had done it because they had known I worked for Monty, plus where I went and because of the times I had done a runner from them. And all the drug lords liked me because I never touched the merchandise (unless I paid for it) and had always managed to deliver it, albeit occasionally late because of occupational hazards such as muggings and broke customers who wanted the merchandise but didn’t want to, or couldn’t pay. Then there were the crazy customers, cops, or rival gang trouble. Little occupational hazards.
If I didn’t get work today it would have to be stealing but getting into any area where I could steal, off those who had anything worth stealing, was a problem. I had only an orange data bracelet (which was virtually only holding my empty bank account) and very little access to anywhere decent. That left pick pocketing which was very risky if I was caught. I didn’t fancy being in prison or slave labor on God knew which planet. And I didn’t fancy never seeing my Danny again. But the main problem was I didn’t like stealing. It played havoc with my nerves and put my conscience into overdrive. And it was so risky with a myriad of surveillance equipment everywhere. But anything was better than working for Monty again despite the steady but pitiful income. My health and nerves were so much better after I had suffered through the ‘resignation beating.’
Quickly but cautiously, Shield on full, I picked my way through the shanty town cum garbage heap we lived in, automatically scanning my surroundings for danger or anything worth picking up or eating. Monty’s mob were late risers so they shouldn’t be up yet but I still needed to be cautious. I could see that now two container ships were nearing the port so I picked up speed hopefully. An advantage of being under a flight path was that I was close to them. A disadvantage was that the flight path was overhead which was why no one with a choice chose to live here. A ship falling on top of me would be a problem. More so was the constant threat of it. I couldn’t help the feeling of unease every time one of those monstrous masses passed over me.
It was twenty-two years since the last one had crashed, about two years before my birth. Civil Defense were hazy as to the casualties but estimated 5,000 had been injured and around 10,000 incinerated. The area had burned for days and city officials had noted that it had been one way to clean up the neighborhood and most of the casualties had been trash so we were no loss. Very few on the cargo ship had been killed because most had escaped through the escape pods. Five courageous crew had stayed on board to try to get the stricken ship out to sea and they had almost made it but the A grav had failed so fast and with so little warning and the engines just couldn’t cope with that weight on their own.
Reaching the casual recruitment gate in the perimeter fence, I moved into the permitted enclosed space and stood in line. With the second container ship now passing overhead there might be some work at least for a few hours. I watched as it slowly went towards the port. Idly I wondered which planet it had come from but in the dim light I couldn’t see the markings.
I looked up as some people came down the line. Along with several others, I was abruptly gestured out of the line. Hope flared within me but then I looked at the seven other boys the woman had picked out. We were all about the same age, all blond and slim. This was starting to look suspiciously like a sex job and I didn’t do those any more. Was I that desperate yet?
The woman who seemed to be hiring looked at all the boys. She tried not to get too close to us, probably not too keen on how we smelt.
As she walked near me, not coming too close I noticed, she said, “Take your glasses off.”
Reluctantly, I removed my sun glasses and felt the flare of her sudden interest.
• • •
Sanila, felt her attention sharpen. The age was right, the eyes were right, the blonde hair and light skin coloring also and she’d had that tip off. That very expensive tip off. He was worth checking out but she noted the wariness in his rare emerald colored eyes. He probably smelt a rat (as well as smelling like a rat), and he was right. Orange bracelet, so minimal or no data history on it. That wouldn’t help.
She decided on partial truth and thought quickly. “I am recruiting staff for a fussy client. I get paid for ones he likes. No, it’s not a sex job,” she added, correctly interpreting the rejection in those weird but strangely beautiful eyes.
• • •
I was unconvinced but decided to play along for a while. There was a little truth in what she was saying but mostly lies. She wanted something from me but not sex, I thought. I was surprised as she said,
“What is your planet of origin?”
“I don’t know. Here I suppose.”
“What do you mean you don’t know?!”
“I don’t know.”
“Well what do your parents say?”
“I don’t have any.”
“What do you remember about them.”
“Nothing.” I wasn’t about to give her any weird details!
“So you just woke up one day and here you were.”
“Yes.” That’s all I told anyone. Only Siobhan knew the rest. I noted her excitement. Now she was really interested but I wasn’t. She hadn’t offered me anything. My attention was suddenly grabbed by the sight of dock recruiters and I turned towards them but she moved in front of me and said,
“Three hours work minimum, basic wage, Cleaner, food and water.”
“Accepted.” I held out my hand.
I watched as she transferred the contract into my orange bracelet. Three hours work at basic wage would feed us all for a week with care and there were over a hundred workers here for maybe a handful of jobs and I was small in height and weight. I thought I was strong but I knew I didn’t look it. I had learnt early to take what I could get and that was the best offer I had had all day. And was likely to get. Add to that I was hungry and thirsty. With this, until she cancelled it, I could use a toilet, get clean water, go outside the stinking environment I lived in, use public transport which was free for the day for those with an activated orange bracelet (which she had just done) and I could take clean water home if she would extend the bracelet’s time. Most employers were decent enough to do that and I could fill all our water containers up before the bracelet cut out. With uncontaminated water! Mentally, I was compiling a grocery list starting with coffee, milk, all the concentrate I could afford and tinned food. I might be able to get some concentrate with all the precious vitamins we all needed.
I followed as the woman motioned me into a Cleaner Plus, activated it and said, “Ten minutes.”
“Two pushes?”
“Two,” she confirmed.
We all travelled down past the desperate waiting for work until we reached one of the Cleaners by the Shantytown security gate. I entered the small, clean room and stripped all my clothes off, spreading them onto the hooks. Quickly I used water and the little gel towels to get what Cleaners couldn’t, lifted my arms up and pushed once, turned my clothes inside out and pushed it again. I luxuriated in the tingling as the Cleaner cleaned me all over, hair and all. Clean, at last! Moving to the spigot I switched to ‘tepid’ and drank as much of the clean, filtered water as I could force in. Then in bliss I used the toilet and luxuriated in a rare opportunity to empty everything in privacy, peace, safety and comfort. And I could flush it all away rather than have the smell and the container to deal with afterwards. Six minutes left. I redressed, drank more and again used the toilet getting rid of everything I possibly could. I checked myself over, did my hair, cleaned my teeth, exited and looked at my escorts.
The woman who was clearly the boss, was small around five foot nine but looked tough and in her thirties. The other woman looked a right heavy, taller and was a bit younger. The man was also a heavyweight. At least six foot six and solid with it. They were all dark haired, dark eyed and brown skinned. They didn’t look impressed with me. I didn’t care. If things turned to custard and looked risky I could reject the work and forfeit the payment but I would still be clean and full of clean water.
I followed them, my enthusiasm increasing they passed me through Security and then to my delight we got on an express bus and headed into the City. Half an hour later, (transport and ‘cleaning’ regretfully not counted in my three hours ‘work time’), we took another bus on a side route. I revealed in the cleanliness, the fresh air, the skyscrapers overhead, the colors, the myriad of different, tantalizing smells and I loved buses and travelling. I envied the people. Almost all were well dressed and moving like they had somewhere to go and something to do which I so seldom had. Because I was under temporary contract, my bracelet gave me free public transport for a set time and I could go home via one of the cheaper, budget supermarkets selling recently expired products. That would be at least a fifth of the exorbitant prices we had to pay for shops in and near Shantytown. Often, for the same expired cheap goods.
I looked up as we all got off in front of a skyscraper. The Bantalmid Complex. I’d heard of it. A city in a building with stores, factories, luxury apartments and I wondered what else as they moved too fast for me to access the Directory. We entered the elevator, walked along corridors and entered a sickbay? Hospital? I looked around, puzzled as they ushered me into a room and the little boss woman left. The younger woman roughly pushed me into a seat and I looked around, my unease rising.
“What’s going on? Why am I here? This isn’t work, I don’t like this.”
“Shut up,” the woman said roughly, “you’re going to have a blood test.”
I looked up as another woman came in, old and wearing a white coat and she started to organize things I didn’t like the look of. They had sharp points. She looked directly at me and stopped. I felt sharp interest, suspiciousness and unease emanating from her.
“What’s the matter?” She said to me. She looked at my escorts. “I don’t do any tests without consent. His consent,” she added indicating me.
I looked at her and grinned. Nice lady. On my side. That made a change.
“Shut up and get the test done,” the man said to me and he and woman held me down in the chair and grabbed my arms. I felt the anger, contempt, disgust, frustration and greed; why the greed?
I flexed my muscles then relaxed and abruptly slid down onto the floor between them catching them by surprise. I twisted and leapt away but the woman still had my wrist and twisted it. I had no option but to move with her or let my arm get broken. I vaguely heard an alarm going as the man got hold of me and the woman forced me onto the floor. The man landed on top of me and something sharp pierced my thigh. I panicked and struggled violently, shaking the man off me and managed to get partly to my feet, sure this thug was trying to drug me but the woman still had my arm and she flipped me back onto my stomach. Damn she was good at this. Bitch!! The male thug leapt back onto me and sat on my shoulders and I couldn’t move. Hell, I could hardly breathe!
“What’s going on here?!”
I looked up with difficulty. It was the boss lady.
“He won’t co-operate!” The female thug answered radiating aggression and disgust.
“Idiot!! Just offer him more money. His type will do anything for money!” She looked down at me in frustration as the building security staff entered at a run.
Two minutes later I was on my feet, sore, a cut on my lip bleeding profusely as was one on my forehead and several parts of my anatomy were complaining in a painful chorus. My pants were ripped where the thug had stuck me with something and I listened as several people talked at once and the thugs explained they hadn’t meant to hurt me. Like Hell they hadn’t! But I grinned again as I saw the nice lady in white was sticking up for me and saying,
“It wasn’t his fault and these thugs held him down and even I didn’t know what tests were wanted and the boy obviously has not given his consent.”
Everyone looked at me.
“I don’t have a clue what’s going on,” I said. “These nutters offered me a few hours work and we ended up here. I don’t know why. No one’s told me nothing.”
All eyes went on the boss lady who looked very uncomfortable. I thought this would have been comical if I didn’t hurt so much but it was nothing compared to what Monty’s Mob could do; I was unbroken, vertical and conscious. But my pants were ripped and that did matter. That left me with one pair unless Marcene could fix them and I doubted that; they’d been far gone since before they were ripped and the material had had it. The nice lady in white dabbed my face where it was bleeding. She radiated anger, sympathy and concern. Whatever she used stung briefly but then it mostly stopped hurting and stopped bleeding. I wondered what the stuff was.
The boss lady said, “We’re just after the reward. He looks right and gives the right history. I offered him three hours work to get him here for a blood test.”
“And you told him none of that,” said the nice old lady in white, the contempt almost dripping off her. Contempt aimed at someone else for a change I noted with pleasure.
One of the security staff looked again at me. “Where did you find him?” He asked.
“Shantytown,” the boss lady answered.
“Michel was taken off planet.”
“Yes, but what if the sensors were wrong or altered. What if he never left the planet? What if he was smuggled back?”
“Too many sensors showed he did leave and none showed him coming back.”
I hadn’t a clue what they were on about but then the lady in white looked at me and said, “Would you have a blood test if we order this lady to replace your trousers and pay you double the wages agreed to, to compensate you for your injuries?”
“Yes.” Six hours pay and new trousers to replace those fifteenth hand ones I thought? Deal! I sat back in the chair. I could tell the boss lady was feeling like she was having a bad day and had wasted her time and money and my day was getting better and better. Although I had the right to prosecute them, or try to, I knew how like that was to work and I’d rather have the money and I’d bet the nice lady in white had figured that out.
I wasn’t quite so keen when she started cleaning up my face and sealed my lip and my eyebrow but she was fast so it didn’t hurt for long and she’d done an expensive sealing job. The scars I already had didn’t need extra company and they wouldn’t get any from such a classy repair job.
A few minutes later the blood test was done too and we were heading up to the clothes section of one of the shops. One having a sale I noted dryly. Quickly the boss lady picked out some cheap fawn trousers and handed them over. I decided to push my luck,
“Those are flimsy and summer weight. They won’t last. These are better,” and I picked out a nice pair, dark blue, wouldn’t show the dirt so much, six pockets, working trousers, good material, warm and three times the price.
“No. These,” the boss lady argued as one of the security men that had been following us said, “Good choice kid,” and grinned at me. He took the blue ones over to the counter, I followed, and we both stared back at her.
The boss lady glared at both of us, stalked over and pressed her bracelet to the scanner and then to the trousers and handed them to me. The agreeable security guard pointed to a changing area and I changed. I looked at myself. Swollen lip, sutures, bruises, badly bruised wrist where that bitch had twisted it and one going-to-be-a black eye. And that was just what was visible. Worse, I didn’t think the thugs had a scratch on them and I normally did a lot better than that. My leg hurt too and I wondered what that bastard had stuck me with. I wondered if I should have told the nice old lady about that but I felt ok and it hadn’t bled much. I emerged from the changing room in the first new clothing I’d had in years. My new best trousers. Best of two. I dumped my old trousers in a rubbish chute where they should have gone years before.
“You promised me some food,” I reminded the boss lady.
“We’re all going up to a restaurant to wait for the test results,” she told me grumpily. I was enjoying this. I was surrounded by security guards and by their demeanour they were making it subtly obvious that I was the victim here. What a change from normal encounters with their species. People were looking at me with curiosity not contempt.
My stomach rumbled in anticipation. Or maybe it was just grumbling. It had been a while since it had been full except for that water and my bladder was reminding me I’d better find a toilet fast. My kidneys seemed to have taken the hint and gone into overdrive with some decent water to flush with. But first things first.
We entered a large restaurant with multiple aisles. I looked around. Meals there, snacks there, salads, fruit. I quickly realized it was dietary choices and types of meals but we were all sticking together and I had to stay with them as they were going to pay for me. That was part of the contract. In satisfaction, I saw they were heading for meals and I was assailed by such delicious smells. From ads, I knew what the meals were called but not what they tasted like as most of these foods were native Terran and I wondered why. Some I knew. I waited until we were at the meat counter and quickly filled my tray with several spoon fills of different meat meals all together in the same partition so it would count as one. I chose bread rolls, butter and salad. Salad was a treat. Normally it was risky as where I came from it was liable to have been washed in water that could be contaminated but not here, I thought. Ditto the fruit so I chose that. Fresh fruit. And coffee. Oh bliss!
I ate quickly but took the time to savor the flavors; satay, curry, another type of curry I thought and some weird stuff, but nice tasting but I couldn’t remember what the label had said. Some type of local stuff. I then headed for the toilet as one severely stressed sphincter was threatening to fail and I couldn’t have that; my trousers were new. I returned to finish off the fruit and coffee.
I looked up as the boss lady said, “The coffee is free refill. You can go back for another.”
The security guards were eating as well and one would take turns following me around but real casual like and not making it obvious. I appreciated their discreetness. I downed the last of my coffee and headed off where she had indicated wondering if she was being nice but then realized as I looked back that she was talking quickly to the thugs. I wondered what she was plotting now. She was too far away to feel.
I refilled my coffee cup and dawdled back, looking outside at the view. I hadn’t realized how high up we were. It had to be over twenty stories. I stared out the window for several minutes. You couldn’t see Shantytown from here but you could see a lot of the city and the ocean as it curved around the bay. I meandered around the restaurant, which was more of a food court I realized and I found whole new sections. One was devoted just to fancy coffees and varieties I had never tasted. Two sections were straight modern food which was an expensive excuse for food and I could seldom afford even that muck. It looked like paste with sauces and was all reconstituted, fancy colors and shapes and over processed junk. But at least it was better than the concentrate we usually ate, which was by far the cheapest food.
Concentrate, originally developed for spaceships, had morphed into a way of factories using leftover and excess food to vary and bulk out a standard recipe that provided a very cheap, basic, dehydrated food with a shelf life of decades. One section was selling what looked to me like totally foreign food and I wasn’t sure I’d want to try it. I noticed no one was near it. Some Alien stuff? But why no takers? Who or what ate it? But almost half of the food was Terran, imported and I wondered why. Mostly, the food available here was locally produced except for the concentrate which came from Earth. Was imported Terran food finally coming into fashion or was it Terran week or something? I was puzzled; not many outlets sold Terran food except for a few things like coffee, tea, sugar and chocolate which all Humans loved. And wherever Terrans lived there was milk. On other planets, I’d heard tastes and fashions in food varied which was weird. How could there be fashion in food? Crazy.
I was on my fourth coffee and had slowed down a bit when I saw a woman came in and speak to the boss woman. She and the two thugs got up and the boss lady came over to me and said,
“We’re to go back to the medical centre.”
“Why.”
“I don’t know.”
She didn’t either but she was nervously hopeful and I wondered what all this was leading to, “Not more blood tests?”
“I don’t know.”
Apprehensively, I followed reluctantly back to the Medical Centre where we were shown into a different room. Several people were there and most were security guards. I stopped abruptly. This looked bad.

Chapter Two
Jed watched as the bounty hunters walked in with his son. The son he had searched for for thirteen years. His coloring was still the same as Miranda’s; his hair still blonde. He was slight, like her, but taller, wary and not happy. Why had he never thought to look in Shantytown? But how had Michel gotten there? And why hadn’t he tried to come home? He had known his name, who he was and where he lived. Had he been smuggled back recently? Had he forgotten? What kind of a life had his child had, he thought in agony?
“The test results are clear. He is Michel.”
I heard someone say those words but they meant nothing to me. But there was a commotion from the boss lady and the thugs and a joyous surge in their emotions. I looked over. They were dancing around like they’d hit the jackpot. The boss lady and the thugs came over all grinning and thumping each other on the back and the boss lady said to me,
“It’s our lucky day kid. You’re just worth a million to us.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re the kid we were looking for,” she pointed, “his son and we’re now in for the reward.”
I felt the truth and wondered what she meant. No one was looking for me. Not for a good reason. Uneasily I wondered who was looking for me and why. They all looked around as several people came over to us by the door.
The older man she had pointed at was looking at me like he’d seen a ghost but the emotions pouring out of him were guilt, anguish and something that felt like horror. As he got closer to me the man’s emotions abruptly turned to anger.
“What happened to his face? Who did this?!”
I felt the fear/guilt from the thugs and the boss woman as they all started talking at once but I was left thoroughly confused.
“Look, my staff were rough but he attacked them.”
“He did not! You’re lying. He co-operated once I told him what you wanted!”
I looked around. It was the nice lady in white again. Definitely a good sort. But I had had enough. Whatever this was I was outa here. If there was a reward going, one thing I was sure of was that I wasn’t getting it. And I’ve got a family, I thought. Last thing I want is one that already chucked me out once.
“So you’re supposed to be my father?” I asked the old man.
“Yes.”
“So why did you abandon my mother? Or did you throw her out? She died! Is that what you wanted?”
“No! I never abandoned her. I loved her.”
I was even more confused. Still the guilt and anguish but that latter was true.
“Well I want nothing to do with you,” I declared and was out the door before anyone could stop me. A bit disoriented because I hadn’t really been concentrating, I wasn’t certain of the way out but it was down. I moved swiftly along the corridor till I found a lift and got in.
I finally found the exit after a good deal of searching. I must have been confused and somewhat lacking in concentration because once I calmed down and used my head, the one that maybe wasn’t working so well because it was aching due to various thumps, bumps, bruises and gashes. The signs, when I finally found them, were discreet but clear. I headed for the exit belatedly realizing I had no permission to leave the building. With an orange bracelet I needed someone else to authorize me to enter and exit posh buildings like this one. Like my ex employer who was now upstairs and probably wanted to stop me.
I wound up, very reluctantly, at the security booth beside the exit. I got to the front of the queue and apprehensively scanned my bracelet but instead of alarms going off the security guard just said politely, “Just a minute sir while we check,” and he indicated to me to step aside while the people behind me started to go past me, looking at me as if I was in trouble which didn’t do a lot for my nerves which had already had enough stimulation for one week.
Looking around uneasily, I saw in the security booth one of the security staff that had been in the Medical Centre with the other guards. She was working flat out at a counter. I had noticed her; the young, pretty lady with coloring similar to mine. Several more minutes passed and then she came out and over to me, a fancy dressed man with her.
“I want to get out of here,” I told her.
“Sure, but for access you need one of these,” she said indicating the black bracelet in the hand of the man beside her and I watched, frozen in shock as he sealed a black bracelet onto my wrist! What was happening here?! Who the heck authorized her to do this and what was she?!
“This gives you access to this building, to the restaurant which is free with this bracelet, and the medical centre. That’s free too for you.”
But only one thing was on my mind, “I can go?”
“You can go. And you can come back here whenever you want to.”
Not quite understanding what was going on I left. I shook my head, wondering if this was for real. I looked at the black bracelet which was supposed to mean an income. From somewhere. Which I didn’t have. It also meant full citizen status which I also didn’t have. I climbed onto a bus and the scanner didn’t alarm. It let me on. So which bracelet was working? The boss lady could have cancelled the orange one by now but not the money on it. And the law entitled me to free transport home unless I had committed a crime. Which she then had to declare. I just didn’t know what was going on. I sat down, Shield shrunk to contain just me and my shattered nerves. After a few minutes I looked up trying to read the route map. ‘Focus!’ I ordered my aching mind to which the shock had been added. I needed groceries. I wanted a discount store.
Tentatively, I switched on and accessed the brand new black bracelet. It was a good one and I ran through the menu, shocked at how extensive it was and how much it could access. It had to have an expensive processor. It was faster than the Shantytown library computers and it was tiny in comparison! I accessed ‘account balance’ when I saw a bank icon and looked at an account I had never had in a bank that would never deal with the likes of me. It was flashing for me to input new passwords and pass codes.
What it didn’t ask for was far more revealing. It didn’t ask for my name, my identity code or any other entrance criteria. I was already in the client base. It was direct linked. This bracelet thought it knew who I was and so did the bank which appeared to know more than I knew. It was linked to my body, my DNA. I knew this was normal but it wasn’t normal for me. This stunned me more than the balance which was enough to keep us for three months. Trying to act casual and hide what I was doing, I transferred the balance in from my orange bracelet (the boss lady had paid me, I noted) and it inactivated as it reached zero. This also meant it wouldn’t alarm and then I realized the black one over-rode it anyway. I had forgotten that. My mind was reeling as I tried to take all this in and I wished the headache would go away. My head was still pounding and hadn’t been eased much by the painkillers the nice lady had given me. From an 8 to a 5 on the Richter scale. I carefully slid the orange bracelet out of sight.
Two stops later I entered the food shop. Cheap, budget, second hand, charity and dispensers were all I had previously been permitted to access or enter into. Shops like this one. I quickly bought what we needed adding some painkillers, loading it into the back pack I always carried in my pocket plus two store carrier bags. And that was less than half my former ‘orange’ balance.
Nearly three quarters of an hour later I reached the shelter risking going straight in. Walking around with groceries could be risky anyway but most thieves knew they were too easily identified by the cameras and scanners and the cameras worked better in the daytime. My Shield extended again; aware of something, but that hurt my still aching head and I had already exceeded the dose of painkillers.
Danny squealed in joy as I crawled in and gasped as he saw the groceries.
“Here, this is for you,” and I fished in a bag and handed him a flavored milk.
“How did you get all this?” Sharelle asked suspiciously.
“Discount store in the City. I got paid on the spot. Help yourselves. The job came with lunch.”
“But what paid this well? You’ve only been gone a few hours. Was it rough sex?” She asked looking at my face.
“You could say a weird medical experiment. They took blood off me and stuff,” I replied with economical truth. I felt Sharelle’s disbelief but I wasn’t about to tell her the truth. She’d call me a liar. I wondered what the truth was. I wasn’t sure. Nothing of this morning felt real and all I wanted to do was lie down which I couldn’t as there was no room with all three of them investigating the goodies, sampling, putting away and exuding an air of cheerfulness that I did not share. I squeezed into a corner, scrunched up and rested my aching head on my knees.
• • •
Back in the Medical Centre of the Bantalmid Building Jed was sitting in despair and disbelief. His son was alive but he wanted nothing to do with him. He had spent millions trying to find him and never thought to look in his own backyard. But the scanners and sensors said he’d been taken off world. Had the scanners been tampered with or had Michel been smuggled somehow back in and if so why hadn’t he come home? He was vaguely aware of his staff around him as he sat in shock with his head in his hands. Several minutes passed and then Duke, his Chief Security man said, “Jed, we’ve got a tracker on him.”
Well at least someone’s brain is working Jed thought with enormous relief. But it was many more minutes later that Cam came in somewhat out of breath and said,
“Sir, we can trace him. I contacted the Registrar, explained the problem and the urgency and he came and put a black bracelet with a tracer on him and I reminded him twice that he can come in and out as he pleases. I told him he can get free food and free medical care here. He’s sharp, I know he understood, I saw it in his eyes. He’s probably in shock Sir,” she added thinking Michel was in much less shock than his father was.
Jed’s despairing brain started to work. A tracer in a bracelet. Of course! “But what if he takes it off?”
“Not likely sir, he won’t do that, the bracelet makes him legal. He won’t take it off. He can look for legal work now. I’ll load the tracer program into your computer,” she added.
They walked up to Jed’s palatial office, a corner office on the twenty-third floor with panoramic views of the sea and the port. Cam logged onto the Security site and found the tracer program. She lifted out Michel’s details and pasted them into his father’s computer then activated the program. She keyed in the City map and looked.
“Michel is on a bus Sir. That’s another reason he won’t take the bracelet off, it gives him free public transport. He will come back here Sir, I’m sure of it. Once he gets over the shock he’ll be curious and I’d bet on it that he will experiment to see what he can do with the bracelet.”
“How much money should I put in it?”
Cam paused to think. “I just put the equivalent of a weekly student allowance in it and that’s the fastest I’ve ever set up a personal account! It’s incomplete. I didn’t have the time or the information I needed to put more than a bank account onto a standard bracelet, but your bank and the Registrar helped and so did the Medical Centre. You need to set up it up for him. I used my own money to start it.” She paused, unwilling to ask him for the money back. “We don’t know his personality. It’s hard to say how he would react. A student allowance amount should be acceptable. It’s basic but he could live on it.”
“Yes, you could be right. As a little child he was stubbornly independent. I don’t want to alienate him and I don’t want him to think I’m trying to buy him.”
“Sir, I don’t know what to suggest. Maybe wait a week or so and see if he comes back or how fast he spends it and on what. Or throw caution to the wind and give him a decent weekly allowance rather than a student one. You can now update it and add in identity data and background.” She quietly left. At the door she turned but her boss was riveted to his screen. So rich she thought and so alone and lonely and now his only child had rejected him. Or maybe not. She thought about what her boss had just said; that he had been very independent.
She thought of the rich kids some of her colleagues had body guarded. Some had been decent but many had a reputation for being spoilt, obnoxious brats who treated security personnel like idiot servants to be abused and insulted and given the slip at every opportunity. They never considered the consequences for the security staff which could be loss of their job and possibly their career for failing in their appointed task.
• • •
Over the next two hours Jed watched as the personal trace showed where Michel went and the financial trace revealed what he spent his money on. Groceries first and at a cut price outfit buying different flavors of cheap concentrate that was probably not good quality and well past it’s use by date. His heart felt heavy that his child had to live like this. Michel next took a bus ride to Shantytown. Jed watched, mystified, watching Michel coming in and out of Shantytown. What was he doing? Delivering groceries to others? And then he bought gas. Bottled gas. What did he want that for? Jed puzzled and then realized with distress what conditions his son was probably living under. He remembered that very few people had electricity in Shantytown. Did his son? And why so many groceries?
Looking at the list he realized it was possible his son had no refrigeration available which would explain the amount of cheap dehydrated concentrate, cans of food and dried and long life milk. So much milk. Did he inherit Miranda’s anxiety and did he have a stomach ulcer? Then for the first time he looked more carefully at the grocery list. How many people is he buying for he wondered? Has someone adopted him? Is that why he didn’t want me? If that’s true, if he has another father, where does that leave me? Again he felt despair wash over him. This was not what he had imagined a reunion would be like! He had never entirely given up hope of finding Michel but he had felt like a bomb had gone off in his chest when his friend Doctor Liam Jackson had rung him to tell him that Michel had been found and he was in the building and then to hear the blood test was a match from his file records.
• • •
I watched as Danny drank his milk and Marcene and Sharelle hid most of the groceries, each taking some to eat. Finally, it seemed the pain killers were working and the throbbing was down another notch.
“When you’ve put it away I’ve got bracelet time to get water and enough money to buy some gas.” I carefully hid the black bracelet from Sharelle sliding the orange one back down.
Sharelle and I took all the water containers in two loads and filled them up using the public tap outside the Shantytown gate that I now had access to with a black bracelet. Clean, treated, City water. Back inside the gate, Sharelle waited with the full containers, guarding them while I filled the empties. Then we took turns, one of us lugging them to the shelter while the other guarded them.
Several hours and more painkillers later, the headache just a dull ache, I reached for my blanket, thinking. It was worth a try.
“Haven’t I deserved a little reward?”
Sharelle looked at me speculatively, “Got any money left?”
I smiled at her, “Yeees.”
“Enough to buy me a new outfit?”
“Yes.”
“Yes?”
“Yes.”
“So, you’ll buy me one tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
Sharelle looked at me. “You’ll buy my outfit before you buy anything else?”
“I promise.”
Oh good, she thought. Jay tends to keep his promises. “Going to tell me how you got roughed up?”
“This billionaire got these Bounty Hunters to look for his long lost son. I’m him. But they had to do these blood tests to prove it and I didn’t like the look of the needles so I struggled a bit and we…”
“Sorry I asked,” she said, and pulled her blanket onto the foam chair that I had adjusted flat so it now served as my bed. I eased my sleeping son off the bed and onto Marcene’s bed and I grinned as I reached for her and Marcene turned away. There was no way I would Sharelle know about the black bracelet or my real balance. I had learned the hard way that that was unwise.

Chapter Three
I woke the next morning to find Sharelle cuddled up beside me and Danny making inroads into the milk and concentrate supervised by Marcene.
I stretched and held back the yelp with an effort. I hurt in so many places, mainly my face and leg and the headache was back with a vengeance. I wondered again what the thug had stuck me with. Or had that been an accident? Yet I had thought at the time that it had been deliberate and I was probably right.
“Daddy want breakfast?” Danny asked looking up at my movement.
“No poppet. I have to buy something for Mummy, I promised her,” and I felt nauseous at the thought of food.
“OK.” And Danny returned to his flavored concentrate and long life milk with enthusiasm.
I took some more pain killers and waited for about half an hour before moving but they weren’t working well this morning. I was puzzled about that. Why was I hurting more now than just after the beating?
I downed some of the anti-inflammatory tablets the nice old lady in white had given me and checked my face in the tiny mirror Sharelle used. My sun glasses covered up most of the damage. Only the sealing on my lip was visible, the swelling had reduced and it didn’t look too bad. The suturing job was beautiful with lots of tiny little stitches and I thought she had probably used the ones that dissolve in five or six days and leave not a mark. I scrambled out and walked through the trash to the security gate, breathing a sigh of relief as I safely passed through. I breathed another sigh of relief as I boarded a bus, unchallenged. I was safe in here and could shrink my Shield which reduced the headache. The anti-inflammatories seemed to have had a little effect, I was feeling marginally better. I took another dose of painkillers figuring they shouldn’t kill me.
Almost without planning it, I ended up outside the Bantalmid Building. I slipped in trying to look casual. No alarm sounded. I headed straight for the restaurant to check out what that cute chick had said. Free meals, she’d said. Even in that awful uniform, I had noticed what was under it. She had all the right bulges in all the right places. The headache had reduced a bit more as had the nausea and I was now hungry. I’d had nothing to eat since my meal here yesterday.
I spent a little time finding the restaurant. I didn’t want to attract any attention to myself by asking anyone anything but after a while I noticed the signs and they were color coded so I could follow them without looking like I didn’t know where I was going. Again, I was annoyed that my brain wasn’t its’ normal sharp self. I seemed to be thinking through a fog and I wondered if it was the head injury or too many pills; maybe both.
I walked into the restaurant and went straight to the ‘meals’ section. A snack, I was not after. I looked in delight at the choices available and picked out a meal of foods most of which I’d only seen in ads. Apprehensively I moved down the line but walked off with my food after passing my bracelet over the scanner. Again, not challenged and I hadn’t paid for it. Awesome! Very hopefully, I went over and poured myself a coffee.
I sat in gastronomic luxury, reveling in the taste, variety and quantity of food that I had gotten away with. The fresh crusty bread, hot meat (I wasn’t quite sure what it was) and fresh eggs were wonderful. I next found the bathroom and sat in bliss doing my business in clean, nice smelling surroundings; nice smelling even given my contribution. There was efficient ventilation. I wondered if the fan starting up was a coincidence or if it could detect the odors. I languished where the hand basins were until I was alone and then quickly lathered myself up in warm water with a very pleasant smelling soap. I whipped out my toothbrush and used it. Clean and dried with warm air, I left. Ten minutes later, I exited the building with the conviction that I had got in and out unseen.
• • •
The Security alarms went off in the Security office as Michel entered the building and a plain clothes security man casually tailed him as per his father’s orders. He later reported to Jed, “He wore the same clothes per yesterday’s image, ate a substantial breakfast and was very wary. He twice went back for more and walked out with fruit in his pockets and a third coffee. He tried to act casual but he was nervous as, especially when going back for more. It was quite funny. He couldn’t believe he had gotten away with it. He stopped and downloaded the Directory on the way out, but I don’t know what he was looking for.”
• • •
I got though the front door with vast relief and a sense of unreality. I did not understand what was happening here or why but who cared? I had been told I could do this. Was the man who was supposed to be my father paying? If so, by God, I thought, he owed me! If he was my father. Pity I couldn’t bring the others in for a meal but no one could enter any upmarket commercial premise without a citizen bracelet or a valid reason such as an employment contract. Not even Danny could enter but I had some fruit for him. Fresh fruit, top quality. I rethought that. I wondered if I now could authorize access for others since I did have a black bracelet but then I realized I’d be an idiot to bring Danny here because he might let it slip and I’d be smart to never let Sharelle know any of this.
I got onto a bus. At least I knew where I was going. While travelling, I accessed ‘my’ bracelet and stared, shocked, at the information now on it. Someone had filled in a lot of the blanks overnight. It listed my name as Michel Joseph Bannerman, my parents as Jed and Miranda Bannerman, my birthplace as here and then I looked at my birth date. It was wrong. It had me two to three years younger than I was. I wasn’t sure how old I was but I sure as Hell wasn’t seventeen. I wondered how many other mistakes there were. I accessed ‘Medical’ and saw I had had all the childhood inoculations. I guessed that explained why I had survived all the outbreaks and plagues. Pity I hadn’t known that before. I would have had a few better night’s sleep. It would have been nice to have known that! I vaguely realized that I thought what was on it was mostly true but was it for the right person? The age was wrong! I wondered how long it would be before they realized they had the wrong kid but their mistake wasn’t my fault. I could still use this bracelet; his bracelet? Whose bracelet? But whatever, it wasn’t my fault. I hadn’t made the mistake; they had.
I wondered if I was a ‘wrong side of the sheets’ relative. But the genetic tests were supposed to be 100% accurate. I thought hard although the headache made concentration difficult. Anything could be altered. The gene tests were supposed to be foolproof but the data could have been put in under the wrong name. “Human error” it was called but it could be deliberate. Someone could have hacked into the data base and altered my blood tests and DNA results to match this kid’s records in order to collect the reward. That would make sense but whatever. I hadn’t done that so it wasn’t my fault. I had money and I’d use it until someone figured out the fraud and the money stopped.
I saw a flaw in my reasoning; how could my previously uncollected DNA get substituted? I thought through the pain haze. It would have needed someone ready at the DNA data bank or whatever it was called. Elaborate, well planned, expensive operation for only a million? Carefully I studied all angles, I could not see how I could be considered an accessory and my bank account would back that up as would the beating as would the fact that I had walked out and not taken advantage of the situation. I wondered if I should spend all the money in a hurry before I lost it and then thought I would be best to just play the bewildered innocent with concussion and a brain that hurt to even think about it. Which was mostly true. I relaxed, my decision made and wondered how long I would get away with it for. I was a bit sorry for the man, whoever he was, that had obviously lost his son but at least I hadn’t added to his anguish by going with him and pretending to be his son. I couldn’t imagine the agony in losing a child once let alone twice. I would not do that to him. No one deserved that. I had a daily reminder in Marcene of the consequences of unresolved loss; her husband had been missing for years and the grief never goes.
• • •
I stopped at one shop that sold exotic outfits. I walked in. No alarm sounded. Normally, I would have only been able to press the button at the dispenser window and either ask for what I wanted or be escorted in after proving I could pay. If they could be bothered to deal with me. Big if. The store would have to be virtually empty before they would bother. I looked around. Full price. I looked around for several minutes but there were no exceptions.
I moved on to the second shop and after a careful check I found several outfits I could afford but although very pretty, they were flimsy and fragile. Some had damage. Made to be worn once and so hardly suitable for the workout Sharelle would put them through let alone the manhandling they would have to endure. I hid them at the bottom of the sale bin.
I arrived several minutes later at the third shop. No outfits I could afford. I returned to the second shop thinking hard. I picked up several of the outfits and checked them carefully. These were the right size or could be taken in. With them in my hand, I wandered around the store. I spotted some bikinis and looked at them thoughtfully. Marcene could sew the fancy outfits onto the bikinis to give a tough but good looking outfit. Perfect! And all were on sale, summer, what there had been of it, was some distance in the past.
I finally chose the two red outfits and a red bikini to go under one and a black one to go under the second, identical outfit. That would give her two, different outfits since they were both see through but they wouldn’t be with a bikini lining them. She would be very pleased and that should get me very lucky. I cheerfully went up to the counter and smiled at the suspicious retailer who had been watching me; well let’s face it, mostly perverts would shop here. I paid for the outfits and left the shop.
Now what? I had a little of the original money left, the money I had earned, but I would keep that for food. I had learnt long ago never to give money to Sharelle. Her financial judgement was abysmal and she’d spend the money on the first thing that struck her fancy rather than what she was supposed to spend it on like groceries! I often wondered why since Marcene had ensured she was well educated and she had done well at school. Marcene, her mother, was thrifty and smart with good judgment and excellent impulse control.
I didn’t know what I should do about ‘my’ new bank account and the money in it. I suddenly wondered if that had reduced when I’d eaten there. I checked. It hadn’t. I could account for it all. So who had paid, or was going to pay, for my meal?
Figuring I could spare the money I dropped into a pharmacy, explained about the injury and the persistent headache and paid good money for some better painkillers and got the free advice to go to a doctor to get checked out for concussion. Yeah right. I didn’t need a doctor to diagnose that. I could count to four and that was how many bumps, bruises and suture lines were on my head and face. Concussion, I had had several times previously and I was very familiar with the symptoms!
Arriving back at Shantytown I handed over the bikinis, both sets and explained my design to Marcene and Sharelle wondering why Sharelle was emanating nothing of her feelings but then she was one of several people in Shantytown that I couldn’t always read. Her mother was another that often felt blank. I liked that because it made them peaceful to live with.
“Perfect,” said Sharelle handing them to her mother, “Now you need to leave. Permanently.”
“What? Why?” I asked knowing the answer.
“I’ve got someone else.”
“This is my shanty not yours!”
“I need a home for Danny,” she said sweetly, “or shall I dump him and Mum on the streets?”
I glared at her, this was so unfair. “This someone who doesn’t want you unless you work?” I asked knowing I was being mean but I was angry at her rejection just after I’d been so bloody good to her.
“Get out of here!” Sharelle yelled as Danny started to cry and my headache objected strenuously to the combined volume.
“What about Danny? What if I pick him up on weekends so you can sleep?”
“We’ll sort that out later. Now go.”
“Can I at least stay the night? I’ve got no money left since I spent it all on you!” I lied.
“No! He doesn’t want another man around. Shut up Danny!!”
<Hush poppet. Daddy will find you. Hush or she’ll smack you.>
I packed my few possessions in my backpack and left, Danny’s wailing down to a miserable whimper as I left. I would try to get back later. It was my shanty. I had had it for years and historically she always moved to someone else’s place and I got back in. Eventually.
Dismayed, I wandered around Shantytown and decided to leave. Because I could and I could reduce my Shield outside Shantytown which would reduce the headache. I was getting heartily sick of this headache and the associated nausea and foggy feeling, but where could I go? I wondered what to do as I rode around in the buses and decided to sneak back late as I assumed Sharelle would go to work tonight. I speculated as to who her new boyfriend was and hoped he would be good to Danny. Or leave Danny with Marcene. Would she leave Marcene behind again? Marcene would give me access or give him back to me. Would I ever learn? This kept happening but I just kept letting her back in, every time her previous boyfriends booted her out. I let her back because of Danny. I knew I was an idiot. I knew she only tolerated me and used me and I knew I only really cared about Danny. The problem was, she knew that too which meant it was so easy for her to manipulate me.
• • •
Idly I looked about to see where I was and recognized a park. I wished I could bring Danny here to play but Danny couldn’t leave Shantytown without a bracelet. I sat down and decided to wait for a few hours until Sharelle left for work. She did her make-up and dressing at the club so adding in transport, she would be away about six hours. I presumed either her new boyfriend or her boss would activate her bracelet.
I contemplated my future and my unknown past. My ancestors had either been refugees or settlers but more likely the former and now we were the underclass, millions still leaving Terra every year. To come to places like Sanctuary to be the cheap labor force with virtually no rights. Our ancestors were shipped off an overcrowded planet, the planet eager to be rid of us and us sometimes I supposed the refugees would be wanting to go and hoping for a better life and jobs but too often, I was thinking, with no resources to make it on our own.
The talk was that it was Government policy here that it was considered good business to have a pool of unemployed. It kept the employed workforce looking over their shoulders and aware things could be worse. It weakened the unions and reduced worker’s rights. Refugee immigrants weren’t the only unemployed but as a group, we were by far the greater number and when we did get jobs our wages were generally less and often much less. And temporary labor came with no benefits making it even cheaper for the employer and riskier for the employee with no sick pay and no accident insurance because temporary work wasn’t counted. Literally not counted; it was untaxed and ‘off the books.’ Huge hole there in workers’ right or lack thereof making accidents at work a risk carried by the employee. I had no insurance. Yesterday, I had been lucky to be treated for free, paid and to have had my ruined clothing replaced. I had had jobs where all of that would was absent and I had gone home underpaid or unpaid and injured and with no way to pay for medical help. But in Shantytown we did have a clinic with hours long queues and we also had Old Sal who made house calls if you couldn’t get to the clinic.
• • •
I did wonder about my past. I had always assumed I was born here but it would be nice to know. I didn’t remember my father and I wondered if that man really was a relative. He had darker coloring than me. I could remember my mother. She looked like me and I still woke up sometimes thinking I had heard her voice in my head as I had every day until she died. Or left me. I didn’t know which. But I thought she had died. I knew she had loved me and I hung on to that memory. The dreams helped.
• • •
Several hours later I snuck back into the shelter and Marcene said, “I promised her I wouldn’t let you in. I’m sorry. Danny’s asleep.”
“Gee thanks.”
“Jay, I have no choice. I can’t get work now and I can’t risk her kicking me out too.”
I winced, Sharelle had, once before, threatened to move a thug in and both of us out but the thug had fallen out with her or vice versa. Danny hadn’t been mentioned and both Marcene and I had been frightened that the thug wanted him.
“You look like shit.”
“Gee thanks.”
“Well you do. Where are you going to go?”
“I don’t know. Got an idea but not for tonight.”
“You have to go. I’ll let you know when she’s gone. I’ll leave word with the old man.”
“OK.” I knew she meant the old man, Thayne, with the eidetic memory who would remember messages for specific people and he knew everyone. He could be trusted and he would work for food or five units. And you could owe him. He never forgot a debt but he also never forgot a kindness and both Marcene and I had given him food when he had none.
I went back to the Bantalmid Building because I had nowhere left to go and I was getting seriously more sore. I had taken twice the prescribed dose of the new painkillers and the anti-inflammatories and thought some of my muzzy headedness might be due to that. The cold weather and the damp threat of rain didn’t help. My leg throbbed and was competing with the headache for top ache but the nausea wasn’t as bad. I remembered the food and the promise of free medical care but priorities. I used the bathroom and then made for the restaurant.
I sat eating, without my usual enthusiasm for proper food and wondering what to do but I was out of options until she left. She knew I would never hit her but she had no such restraints so forcing her out was not possible. But if I could find work I could pay for a room. With a black bracelet, that was a possibility but old habits are hard to break. I didn’t want to waste money on a room tonight, or ever. I had never done so but with a black bracelet I could pay. But how long would it take before this fraud was discovered and my money stopped? I hoped they wouldn’t ask for it back but whatever this fraud was, I was the victim too. Oh, I hurt so much and my headache had now lost the competition with my leg. Rarely for me, I didn’t want to work. I wanted to go back to sleep. I found an alcove and settled into a corner pretending to watch the newscasts which was something I had learned never to do and the media sound icon on my bracelet was permanently off so I could sleep in quiet. I took some more tablets. They were wearing off before they were supposed to.

Chapter Four
Several hours later I awoke feeling a little better. I was warmer but I still hurt. I returned to the restaurant and ate again choosing a mix of Terran food and the cheap, concentrate food I was used to. I languished over the meal wondering what to do and where I could go. I was not going to pay for accommodation. And I had accommodation; temporarily stolen from me yet again!
I could go to one of the shelters for the destitute but they were very risky. I could end up getting arrested or transported and then I would have no rights. Or I could get away with it and get a bed, a Cleaner and a meal. The chances were pretty good I would get away with it as I always had before but the chance of never seeing Danny again stopped me. Despite the advertisements, I doubted my life would be better on another world. And it was now raining. Great! Of course I could always pay for overnight accommodation but that would be costly and why should I pay when I had a home!?
As the evening wore on and the customers left I was uneasy to see I was almost the last one here and there was an old man cleaning the place with a mobile Cleaner while another man cleaned, reset and covered the tables.
Several minutes later as the old man went routinely around the room with his Cleaner he stopped near me to adjust a chair. He looked over at me.
“You don’t look so good. Why don’t you go to the Medical Centre?”
I looked up but I felt only concern coming from him. Not suspicion. “Maybe tomorrow.”
The man looked at me, his concern now visible. “Got nowhere to go?” He guessed.
“Maybe.”
“I know where you can sleep the night for free. Small, but a nice little hidey hole, here in the building.”
I looked up. “I wouldn’t get into trouble? And you wouldn’t?”
The old man sat down nearby. “I’ve got a confession to make kid,” he said, “one of my friends is a security guard and he told me who you are. The hidey hole is in your Dad’s office and he won’t be back till morning. He had a tiny bedroom built for when he pulls overnighters. That was for when he lived in a fancy house. Since he lost you and your mother, he moved into an apartment here in this building so he doesn’t use it now. It’s tiny as an economy cabin but with everything you’ll need for a good night’s sleep. And I’d think again about the Medical Centre in the morning. I’m a cleaner and I’ve got access. Come to think of it, you might too. Why don’t you come and have a look.”
I wondered if I could trust him but his feelings were genuine, he thought he was right and he was concerned about me and he wanted to help me and I couldn’t stay here. Someone was going to take notice and then I’d be in trouble. I felt a bit of a fraud but I reminded myself I was innocent and so I trudged painfully after the old man and we went up and along corridors for some distance. We stopped at a door.
“See if it opens for you.”
Reluctantly, I passed my bracelet in front of the pad and it opened. Just like that. For me.
The old man confidently walked in saying, “Don’t touch anything, here. Follow me.”
I did. The office was dark, lit only by the outside lights but it was huge. I could see four desks, the biggest over by the window by itself. The huge windows were in front of me and to the left. It was a corner office. I looked up, puzzled. The ceiling was much higher than it should be. I was trying to work that out but sleep was foremost. The old man opened a door midway down the right hand wall and stepped aside. I looked in. The room did look like a cabin. It was only a bit bigger than the size of a single bed, about nine feet long and narrow and just enough room to walk beside the bed. Made for one. My dirty mind had had suspicions but this evaporated them.
I watched as the old man opened folding doors beside the bed revealing shelves of clothes and toiletries and another door behind which was a Cleaner! It was the smallest one I’d ever seen. But then the man who said he was my father wasn’t much bigger than me.
I followed the old man as he beckoned me out of the cabin and went further down the wall towards the corridor. The paneled wall concealed another set of folding doors and behind it was a tiny kitchen! He opened yet another set of paneled doors right up against the corridor and inside was a bathroom. He closed the door. We walked back to the kitchen and he closed those doors too saying,
“Your father is very single minded when he gets busy and likes to do things for himself. His staff say he thinks better when he’s doing something. He makes his own coffee and often everyone else’s. He also does a lot of the cleaning. I’m instructed only to clean the floors and bathroom and empty the rubbish bins. He keeps this kitchen and his desk spotless. It’s so nice to come into an office where they know what rubbish bins are for and no smoking is allowed in this office! You should see some of the offices I have to clean. Filthy! And they get that way in just one day. This office is huge and I’m done in minutes.” He grinned at me, “and I’m paid per office space. This is the size of six offices and the work of one.”
I tried to nod and be polite but all I wanted was to sleep and get off this aching leg. And the Cleaner. I felt hot and sweaty.
“If you want to leave before your father gets here you’ll need to be out before seven. Your Dad is seldom here before then but he often works into the night. It varies.”
I nodded and thankfully he left. I wandered over to look out the windows. Later. I was totally confused. Why did everyone think this man was my father and how could that be? I didn’t look anything like him. Had my mother been a girlfriend, but no, I remembered, my bracelet, this other boy’s bracelet, indicated his parents were married. I was so confused. I wondered if it could be true but sternly told myself to stop day dreaming and not to hurt this man by pretending. The age was wrong. I knew that but they didn’t. I went to the bathroom then used the Cleaner then stripped and gratefully got into the bed. Sheets! The bed had sheets and it smelt clean and fresh. The room was warm and cozy and I felt safe. I accessed the alarm on my new bracelet and set it for 06.15. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d been in a real bed or had sheets. Years. But I tossed and turned. I couldn’t sleep, my leg throbbed. I got up and took some more painkillers. I thought drowsily about what the old man had told me. I was a neat freak too. Untidiness was hard for me to tolerate and I was always cleaning and tidying behind Sharelle. She thought I was an idiot. Marcene was untidy too but she made an effort to be tidy when I was there. Danny was like me.
The old man had made me think. He obviously had a lot of respect for the owner of this office and appreciated the work he didn’t have to do. I realized he must be very trusted to have access here. I hoped he wouldn’t get into trouble but he definitely felt at no risk and he had felt like he had done a good thing.
What I was deliberately not thinking were the questions I didn’t want answered like who really was my father and was he related to the Bannerman’s that were part owners of this building and I was wondering if I could be a relative. I didn’t know enough about genetics. Was I illegitimate and formerly not acknowledged? Had he kicked my mother and me out? Had she run away or was I right about my suspicion that someone had altered the DNA records to match his son’s; falsified them to get the reward? That explanation made more sense to me. Still thinking, I slowly drifted off.
• • •
The next morning I was awake before the alarm, took another load of pills and had everything spotless and neat well before seven. I put myself and my clothes through the Cleaner and checked the room. There was no sign I’d been there. I didn’t want to make any work for the old man and I didn’t want to let the owner know I’d been there. I limped up to the restaurant for breakfast but I wasn’t hungry. I was hot and felt awful and my leg was worse and now I had a boomer of a headache back in competition with my leg as well. I’d rate them first equal. I made do with coffees. I was very thirsty.
Reluctantly, I trudged off to the Medical Centre following the color coded direction signs. I sat waiting in the queue. Finally it was my turn.
“I injured my leg,” I explained to the old lady at the counter, “and it’s getting worse.”
“What type of injury?”
“Penetration wound. I think it’s infected but I can’t see it, it’s at the back of my thigh.”
“Identify yourself and come into the cubicle.”
I passed my bracelet under the reader and the lady printed a readout and passed it to another lady, a young and pretty one, who indicated I should follow her. No alarms had sounded. The cute chick was right. I still hadn’t been kicked out so the fraud was still undiscovered and it looked like I would get this fixed for nothing.
“Remove your trousers, lie down on your stomach and cover yourself with this blanket.”
I complied thinking I could cheerfully go to sleep again. I re thought that. I get to take my pants off in front of a lady and I want to go to sleep? Must be real sick, I thought.
Another nurse, at least I thought she was a nurse, came back with a trolley and lifted the blanket. I felt her alarm.
“How long ago did you do this?”
“Two days.”
“Two days? Are you sure?”
“Very! Why?”
She responded by taking a full set of observations and frowning even more. “This is nasty. I’ll get a Doctor.”
I wasn’t happy and made to protest but she’d left. I prayed I didn’t have to pay for a doctor! A few minutes later I looked up as the nice old lady in white was led in.
“Oh, hullo Michel.” She looked down, “Oh dear. This is a mess. Anything to do with that beating two days ago?”
“Yes. That thug stabbed me with something. What’s wrong?”
“The inflammatory response is much more advanced than it should be on this wound, your temperature, heart rate and breathing rate are raised and your blood pressure might be raised although I don’t know what your normal pressure is. Below this I would surmise. Blood tests please Ischi. Please sit up Michel.”
Again I noticed the peculiar pronunciation of Michel she used. It sounded like ‘me shill.’ I turned over and sat up, cautiously putting my weight awkwardly on my unpainful thigh. I looked at her, “are you a Doctor?”
“Yes. I work part time now so I just do what is needed.”
“Oh. So are you saying this is serious?”
“Yes. At the very least, this is a very nasty bug or there is something wrong with your immune system. Or you have this infection plus another illness.”
“What could be wrong with my immune system?”
“It might not know how to work properly and be quickly overwhelmed or it could be over-reacting like what happens with asthma. Your mother’s immune system was very poor and she was sick a lot. Do you get a lot of illnesses?”
“No.”
“Do you have asthma, psoriasis, boils, eczema, skin rashes, hay fever, allergies?” As she said this she was feeling around my neck and armpits and every where she touched it hurt!
“No.”
“Nausea, headaches, arthritis, diarrhea, vomiting, urine infections, skin infections, any infections?”
“No.”
“Diabetes…”
“Nothing doctor. I’m almost never sick.”
“And how long have you lived…where you live now.”
“All my life. That I know of. Are you thinking that thug…”
“Bounty Hunter.”
“Injected me with a disease?”
“Injected?” She said sharply. “You never mentioned an injection!”
“I thought it was at the time. Could an injection have caused this?”
“It’s possible. It felt like a needle? Or a knife? A needle wouldn’t have ripped your pants.”
“A big needle. My pants had had it.” I sat quietly as the nurse (Ischi, according to her name tag), slipped a thin needle into my arm and started to fill tiny tubes with my blood. There were an awful lot of them! Then she asked me to roll over and I felt her doing something with the wound on my leg that I still hadn’t seen. It hurt. I shut up. She was cute in a cuddly fashion. A bit old for me but most girls I fancied were. Not the best looker I’ve seen I thought but easy on the eyes, bra being overworked, lots of curves, real pale skin, curly auburn hair, green eyes with gold flecks in them.
As she was doing this, the male Doctor came in with the name tag Dr. Liam Jackson. I looked in the same place and the nice old lady was today wearing an identical name tag that said Dr. Janie Jackson. Terran names, I thought. A weird fashion had developed for second (and occasionally first) generation of those who left Terra, to change their surnames to real foreign sounding ones and then it became a fashion statement, political statement, snobbery, exclusivity whatever. I felt safer with people who were not pretentious and not ashamed of their origins. Both doctors were silently studying my observations and my leg.
“So, what do we do?” I prompted, getting increasingly alarmed with the silence and their increasing unease and fear. Both of them were thinking at a prodigious speed and I regretted not being able to read their thoughts. Their fear was scaring the Hell out of me.
“You can have two options,” answered the lady doctor. “Assume the worst and we treat you very aggressively which will make you not sick but you’ll feel very sick, or treat this conservatively, just treat what we see not what we fear and alter treatment as needed.”
That did not sound good! “What do you fear?”
“That that injection was intended to kill you. And if so it likely will if we don’t move fast.”
I felt like someone had just kicked me in the guts. “Then treat what you fear. I don’t want to die. I’m not scared of being sick,” but I am scared of this talk, I thought, this sounds bad. These doctors are seriously concerned, I realized. I decided not to ask them why; what it was that had spooked them. My scare volume was already on full.
Dr. Janie, went away while the other doctor, Dr. Liam, started feeling me in my groin (I didn’t like that), my stomach, armpits and neck and where he pressed it hurt. “What are you checking for?”
“Your immune system. Do you notice all these lumps?”
“No. Too much else hurt especially my head and leg. Why? What are the lumps?”
“They’re called lymph nodes and every one of them is activated, all over your body. That means your immune system is probably on full power because this illness is all over your body and, I’m thinking, in your bloodstream.”
At that point Dr. Janie came back and started to put together a whole lot of equipment, little plastic bags and big plastic bags and labels and other stuff. Dr. Liam and the nurse helped. It looked like a big complicated mess to me but the speed with which they were organizing it hinted of familiarity and urgency. Dr. Janie sat down beside me and lined up my arm with a needle in her hand. I shuddered and looked away. I felt a prick then when I finally looked back it was to see I was hooked up to a lot of equipment and all sorts of stuff was going into a central bag which was pouring into my arm.
“I suggest we add this,” and she held up an ampoule.
“What is it?”
“A heavy sedative to put you to sleep while the worst of this lot goes through. You’ll dodge most of the nasty side effects like vomiting because it’s effect includes a powerful anti nausea drug. It’s going straight into your vein so it will work in seconds.”
Seconds. Like a hit. I liked the sound of that. “Do it. I feel weird.” I HATE vomiting. Double hate. Waste of food.
“Eyesight messed up?”
“Yes and all dizzy.”
She drew up the ampoule in the inevitable syringe and I braced myself for another hole to be dug into me but to my relief she emptied it into a little tube that was off the main line of tubing. Pleased, I watched as it all went from there into the main line and then I gradually started to feel dizzier and slowly my vision turned black.

Chapter Five
In Jed Bannerman’s office, an alarm sounded on his phone. He glanced down to see the red light flashing behind the picture of his friend Liam. Puzzled, he said ‘answer’ and the picture lit up while the audio switched on.
“Jed. Are you sitting down?”
“No.”
“Then sit!”
Alarmed, he replied, “Sitting,” as he sat on a nearby chair. His secretary and his Personal Assistant looked up, concerned at the tone of his voice. Jed flicked the audio onto ‘personal’ as Liam said through his implant,
“Michel is here. He’s critical. I suspect he’s either been infected with something or poisoned by those bloody Bounty Hunters. I suggest you get here now. There’s some decisions to be made.”
For the second time in three days, Jed felt like someone had kicked him in the chest and he stumbled to his feet, swaying in shock. He didn’t notice as his secretary and his P.A. both hit their alarm buttons. On his way to the Medical Centre, trying to run, he was joined by three of his security staff who, apparently appraised of the problem, assisted him to the Medical Centre.
Ischi was waiting for him and guided him to Michel. Jed looked in horror at his son, unconscious, with oxygen on, tubes everywhere and red labels all over the tubes. “What’s happening?” He asked Janie.
“We’re not sure but all my alarm bells are ringing. The symptoms and the history don’t make sense. This should be a local infection and it has had a systemic effect. It’s also apparently going very fast from contact to now but the picture is confused due to his concussion and he told me he has over-used painkillers. Necrotizing fasciitis is a possibility but the area seems too small and the pain level and inflammation level isn’t as high as we would expect were that the case and the incubation time is wrong. Septicemia is more common and more likely yet it doesn’t look like just septicemia.”
“What’s septicemia?”
“It’s common name is sepsis or blood poisoning. It has all of the symptoms for that but other symptoms are present and they shouldn’t be. Nothing’s making sense.”
“What do you think is wrong?”
“Given his symptoms, I think this is poisoning or maybe two infections, one via the needle from that Bounty Hunter. Of course the Bounty Hunter thing could be unrelated but I don’t think so.”
“What needle? What are you talking about?”
“He thinks a Bounty Hunter injected him with something. We’ve loaded him up on anti biotics, anti fungals, anti ruals and anti virals but first we took multiple wound swabs and drew a lot of blood and sent it all off for testing; one batch for viruses, one for bacteria, one for ruals, one for fungi, one for poisons and one for other general toxic substances with a full list of symptoms to give the lab techs a clue. I told them to ignore normal incubation rates as there is a possibility, given it was injected, that it got straight into the bloodstream. I assumed you’ll pay for the extra tests. I told them, ‘No parameter.’ Test for everything that you can think of that can cause any of these symptoms.”
“What are ruals?”
“They’re sort of like a virus. A present from this planet that has crossed the species barrier.”
“What can I do?”
“Nothing I can think of.”
“Um, Sir? I can think of a couple of things,” Ischi said hesitantly.
Jed turned to look enquiringly at the nurse.
“Put a guard here and try and find those Bounty Hunters. For the tests, give a reward for anyone finding something that could explain these symptoms. If you make it a big reward, they’ll work a lot of overtime and think outside the box. If I was going to kill someone, I wouldn’t use something that was easy to test for or usually tested for. And a reward and no parameters means they can get very creative and use any resources they want.”
Jed smiled, “Good thinking. Phone. Call the lab. Urgent. This is Jed Bannerman. There is now a 100,000 unit reward for the person or group that identifies the cause of my son Michel Bannerman’s illness. A separate reward for each cause if there is more than one. It is possible the cause is not something that is normally tested for and the symptoms indicate there is more than one cause. Ends. Phone. Call Duke. Urgent. Duke, I need a security guard around the clock for my son and find those bloody Bounty Hunters. Ends.” Jed sat down and tentatively reached for his son’s hand.
• • •
Three hours later Dr. Liam came in and reported, “We found Streptococcus Aureus from the wound swab. We’re already giving him an antibiotic that should fix that but I’ll add the best narrow spectrum antibiotic we have for that strain.”
“So, will that fix him?”
“No. That caused some of the symptoms but I think there’s something else. It’s possible it caused all these symptoms with the beating added to the mix but I doubt it. Not according to the history he gave me. This bug was probably on his skin and hitched a ride in on the needle. It’s endemic in Shantytown.”
“So you think the something else was in the syringe?”
“I do.”
Three more hours passed with Jed watching as the medical staff came and went and the security guards changed shifts at midday. He passed on offers of food, his stomach knotted with fear.
• • •
I looked up and my eyes took awhile to focus. The cuddly nurse was busy with something and the man who allegedly sired me was sitting in a chair looking at the equipment surrounding me. I closed my eyes and drifted off. I woke up hearing, “Don’t panic Jed. He doesn’t have her constitution he’s got yours. These test results show an immune system that is stressed severely but responding superbly. He’s fighting hard and effectively and we can do a lot to support him.” It was Dr. Janie my nice old lady in white.
“But you still don’t know what’s wrong!!”
“No, but best case scenario, we might already be treating it.”
“Unless it’s a poison!”
“I don’t think it is. My gut says it’s a biological agent and so does his immune response. It’s like his body knows what to do. His temperature is way up, his body is flooded with white blood cells. I could tell you other stuff but I’d just confuse you. But my point is that this is a typical response to a biological agent not to a poison. The body mostly doesn’t know what to do about a poison, not in the early stages. It tends to react after organs are damaged not before because usually it can’t detect a poison. It can only detect the damage done. There’s no organ damage obvious yet. There’s no functional damage either that we can see, everything is working. Don’t despair.”
Don’t despair, I thought. I was in good hands. If anyone could save me they could. And she was hopeful. She thought I had a good chance. And then I thought, Danny! I have to stay alive for him! Especially now. And this guy really does care about me. I could feel his anguish and his love. I could finally admit it. He loves me too. I’d been too angry before. I always assumed my father had kicked my mother out because that’s what happened in Shantytown. Men were pretty good at bailing out. I must not do that to Danny. I didn’t trust Sharelle. She put herself before anyone. She’d used her beauty and her pregnancy to get support and sympathy from various males in various agencies. She’d left it too late to get an abortion because she hadn’t realized she was pregnant and then when she did she couldn’t afford something more expensive than the various pills which wouldn’t work in the second trimester. She’d told various sympathetic males that her man had left her. Bullshit! She had had no idea who had fathered Danny. I hadn’t even made the short list until he was born.
But the moment I’d seen Danny I was sure he was mine. So was Sharelle, once she saw his eyes go from the initial blue to green she thought of me. A dominant green. When she and her parents had brown eyes. And the clincher. When he was two weeks old, which was the day I had first seen him, it was obvious he could hear me. Like I heard my mother. In his head. And I could always soothe him. He didn’t keep crying with me. He told me what was wrong in emotions and symbols, pre speech language, so I always knew what was wrong and what he wanted fixed. I drifted off again.
• • •
I woke again a little later and stirred. He’d been holding my hand. He dropped it guiltily and I pretended I hadn’t noticed. I looked at him. My father? He couldn’t be and even if he was I didn’t want him. I couldn’t stop the rejection even though I had meant to. He wasn’t my father and I had to stop thinking that he might be; that way would lead to an awful lot of pain for both of us when it all came crashing down. But this was so hard to deal with when everyone else assumed he was my father. This mess was all doing my head in! It was day time again. How long had I slept?
“How are you feeling?”
“What’s the time?”
“Nine am.”
“Next day?”
“Yes.”
Good, I thought. I haven’t lost track of time. The cuddly nurse, Ischi, came over and looked down at me. Nice view. Definitely her best side. She noticed where my eyes went and her eyes narrowed. It wasn’t my fault she was well endowed. She could hide them…no she couldn’t.
“How are you feeling? I want you to note how your heart is beating, how your lungs feel, is anything feeling wrong and in what way, are you able to think clearly?”
Whew she didn’t want much. I thought. Details. I’ll go top to bottom. “I’m clear headed except for the sedative. And a headache.”
“How bad?”
“A real boomer.”
“Worse you’ve ever had?”
“Worse than my worst hangover. My throat’s sore, my eyes hurt, my mouth tastes yuk, neck hurts, back hurts, joints hurt. Those lymph node things REALLY hurt. All of them. Heart beat is fast.”
“Your breathing is too. Do you feel chesty.”
I coughed experimentally. “Yes.”
“Is your leg less painful, more painful or the same?”
I paused, thinking, “about the same.”
As she spoke she was checking my chest with a stethoscope, looking at my skin, shining a light in my eyes, looking in my mouth, checking my fingernails. What was she looking for? I glanced up as Dr. Liam came in.
Ischi turned around and said, “No new bruising, no rashes, no wound expansion, productive cough, tongue coated, no thought disorder, very bad headache, sore throat, wound still very sore despite the analgesics but not worse than before, alert, oriented and logical, no confusion, urine still clear.”
Urine?? I put my hand down wondering if I had wet myself and realized to my horror that I was catheterized! A tube was right up my…you can work that out for yourself. Heck I thought, I’d better control my thoughts. What would happen if… I felt myself blushing and saw the twitch in her cute lips as Ischi noticed what I’d noticed. How was I going to control my thoughts? I could do myself some serious damage here!! Forget my lungs! What about my, well, you know. What would happen if got horny ideas? Would I damage it? Would it still work later?
“Are you hungry?”
“No,” I said, somewhat distracted. I reconsidered. I had just refused food? I rethought that. No, I was not hungry. This was turning into a bad day. No sex, not even daring to think about it and I had to turn down food. I sighed and then yawned. Ischi redirected the oxygen back onto me.
“Do I need that?”
“Yes. You’re yawning. Often means not enough oxygen.”
“Oh. I thought I yawn when I’m tired.”
“It’s day time and the tranquillizer should have worn off.”
We all looked up as Dr. Janie ran into the room. “Get out!! Now!! All of you!! He’s not the target Jed, you are. Get out!!”
I watched, puzzled and frightened as she yelled at all of them until they moved out. Cripes could that woman yell! I lay there, apprehensive and catastrophising until at last the door opened. I felt again like someone had kicked me in the guts. I had thought I was as frightened as I could be. I wasn’t. It just went up another notch or two. Coming in, were two people in Hazmat suits with a load of equipment. For the first time, I seriously wondered if I was going to survive this.
Through a visor, I could see one was Dr. Janie.
“OK, Michel. Here’s what I think happened. The others are hearing this too. I think the needle held the infection that was intended to kill you and your father. It’s a weird local bacteria that jumped the species barrier and infected Humans but it’s rare and not very infectious. It has to get right into the body and in quantity to infect another. But it migrates to the finger and toe nails cells in quantity.
“Your mother got sick a lot because her immune system was very poor. Your father always stayed with her and your father is tactile. He used to hold her hand. He did the same with you when you were unconscious. Ischi thinks the people behind these Bounty Hunters were very smart and they knew your father well. You can spread this bacterium from the skin and nail cells but it needs a lot of contact.
Your leg wound is sealed and has a detector on it. We had a permanent detector on your blood, breath and urine because we thought any communicable infection would most likely be detected first there and nothing was. So there was no indication that you were infective to others.”
She paused. “Whoever masterminded this, I think, expected you to go home with your father as soon as you were found and live in close proximity with him, touching what he touched. This infection has an average incubation period of forty-two days. It’s slow. But some bugs hitched a ride in on the needle and gave you a local bacterial infection and a systemic infection called septicemia so you have three separate bacterial infections.
Your immune system went into action but I wonder if it somehow detected this local bacterium as well. Your immune system response was fast and appropriately extreme. Left to itself, alone, this K fever has almost no symptoms until it is infectious and well established. It then causes a wasting type illness and it is fatal. If it hadn’t been for these other two infections, by the time symptoms began and we found this K fever, you would have been very infectious and terminal. Not this time though. From the time you came here, we pumped the anti bacterials and anti-virals into you and one of them will delay this bacterium, another will upset it and make it less effective and the others may have upset it in combination. There is a cure. We have sent for it. It is only effective if given early, before symptoms are apparent. Like now. Within thirty-six hours of targeted treatment this bacteria will be dead and you will be safe and not infectious. And we can now stop all the anti virals and anti ruals and anti fungals because we are only dealing with different strains of bacteria. We are in Hazmat suits because regulations insist we have to be not because you are infectious yet. We have to use level three containment which is overkill in these circumstances. My apologies.”
She was telling me the truth as she knew it and I hoped she was right but she had the manner of a very smart, knowledgeable person and my gut feeling was that she was right. There was no arrogance in her.
As she spoke, she was removing most of the plastic bags. The other person (I couldn’t see her/his face) was putting some type of a plastic frame around my bed and hooking it up to power. My mind was reeling. That thug had intended to kill me. Had known who I was. Had left me in that stinking garbage heap. Well the mastermind behind him had. He wasn’t old enough my common sense commented. I heard the sound of a switch and wondered what was happening as I had a vague sensation of moving air. I was enclosed in something like a plastic tent and someone else in a Hazmat suit was spraying a mist all around the room. I wondered if everyone who had come into contact with me was likewise going through a decontamination process.
“Where are the Bounty Hunters?”
“Your father’s staff are looking. Lots of them are looking; electronically, literally, via surveillance cameras etc. A warrant is out for their arrest.”
“They might be dead,” I hoped so.
“They thought of that too but I hope not. Questioning a corpse has limitations in what you can ask.”
I grunted, “True. But I still hope they’re dead.”
“You realize they might not have known anything? They are an established firm. They could have been set up. The police raided their office and they reckon someone got there first. Their files are destroyed.”
I thought this through, “But why was this delayed till now, this attack on me? It’s been years.”
“I don’t know. We may never know. But it was detected in time.”
I hesitated to ask but, “Could there be anything else? Any more bugs?”
“The lab staff are still looking. Three happy people already have a big payout.”
“Three?”
“Staphylococcus Aureus, Septicemia, and the other one, the bacterium is unpronounceable but we call it K fever. The staph is a native Terran bug with a local variant, the septicemia is a local variety but the K fever was a shock. The Lab bill for this is going to be astronomical. The Lab staff had a lot of fun and most of them pulled an overnighter. Ischi was right. They got very creative and thought well outside the box to catch that one and more to the point they caught it very fast. It was Ischi who figured out that the target might be your father and added that suggestion for the lab staff. She’s a medical thriller fan and a science fiction nut so her brain thinks that way.”
I watched as she and the other people sprayed each other. By this time, I was in a sealed unit and the room had to be sterile and she was exiting. I looked up as the cause of all this came in; the man who was supposed to be my father. The true target of my little mishap. I was the middleman, the vector, the collateral damage. But I was going to live she said and she was sure of that.
I lay there trying to work this whole mess out. With the Bounty Hunters fleeing and their files destroyed there might be no way left for this fraud to be discovered. I could pretend to be his son but no, that was mean. But what should I do? I was highly confused. And they were so sure I was this Michel. But as soon as I was safe I could go and check up on Danny.
As the man who was supposed to be my father sat down, I could feel the guilt pouring from him. Good. I could use that, I was thinking. How could I make things better for Danny? I didn’t know this man; not how he thought, what his beliefs were how he would react. I could trust nothing. Should I tell him about Danny? How would he react? I had no idea. Would he take Danny off me or have him adopted ‘because Danny would do better with someone else.’ I’d heard that before and it always worried me that Sharelle might be tempted. More than one person had tried to buy Danny which was why we normally kept him hidden. Danny was very good looking and I had learned to my cost how bad it was to be good looking when you were poor and in my case abandoned. So that basically answered my own question because I didn’t know how he would react so I couldn’t tell him.
Danny’s looks, like mine and Sharelle’s, were a curse. And Danny’s eyes were a problem. People saw green eyes and expected the gifts to go with them but that was a myth. People with any eye color could have the gifts. And most green eyed people had nothing. But when whatever was on this planet acted to augment or stimulate or alter the genes that conferred Telepathy and occasionally the rarer Telekinesis and Teleportation, somehow some people came out with dominant green eyes. A striking, clear, dark emerald green. Like mine, like Danny’s, like my mother’s.
I had something, but none of the usual gifts. I could only talk to Telepaths like Danny and my mother but I could feel emotions. No, I thought, remembering, I did have some Telepathy. I could receive but not send, except to someone I knew, someone who was a powerful Telepath and they had to be close by. I could receive from a Telepath but generally I couldn’t send back. Someone had checked me once, when I was a child. They had intended to check me again at fourteen to see if puberty had resulted in latent development but they hadn’t. And every time I started to think of what else I could do I stopped the thought in shame. That particular Talent I felt so guilty about yet it had kept me safe. Nobody knew. Nobody would ever know. I hadn’t realized what I was doing but employed it in desperate self defense. But I so burned with embarrassment when I thought of it. Best not to think about it. I yawned and drifted off again.

Chapter Six
I awoke, thick headed, hot, thirsty, with the now familiar boomer of a headache and an annoyingly over stimulated neurological system reporting significant levels of pain in multiple areas. I wished it would all shut up. The cause of all this mayhem was asleep beside me. I looked around. I suddenly noted the tent was gone! I wondered how much time had passed and realized it must be days. Oh my God, Danny! I had never left him for more than a day or so. It was dark outside and another nurse was there. Too old even for me but man could she fill a bra. I waited impatiently and silently, pretending to be asleep again, until she finally left.
“Hey. Where do you think you’re going?”
I dropped my shoes, startled and turned around. A nurse I didn’t know was coming in the door and I glared at him as I heard several people converging on me.
“Get back into bed!” Growled Dr. Liam.
“I have to go somewhere!”
“Why?” Came from behind me.
I turned and looked at ‘the cause of all my problems.’ “I have to go somewhere.”
“Can’t it wait?” He replied calmly.
“No.”
“You do realize you’re still very sick, likely to feel rotten, run out of energy, collapse, little things like that?”
I turned and stared stubbornly at Dr. Liam. He was right but I had to check on Danny. “I must have been here for days. The tent’s gone so I’m not infectious. I have to go.”
“Why?” My sperm donor asked.
I glared at him.
“How about I send some of my Security staff with you?”
“They’d stick out like a beacon.”
“They could wear civvies.”
I looked at him, considering, wishing I was a Telepath. Why was he being so reasonable? I could feel intrigue, curiosity, a genuine desire to help and that ever present guilt. He reeked of it. How could he live with it? What was he after?
“They couldn’t go all the way with me.”
“OK. But I suggest we put a locator with a transmitter on you so you can call for help. It can be silent. Or very noisy.”
“Are you mad?” Dr. Liam was rather agitated I noted wondering what his blood pressure was at. Maximum, I wondered?
I sat on the bed and slowly thought it through, my brain protesting at the effort and refusing to go faster than a crawl. I kept losing the direction my thoughts were trying to head for and could hardly think for the pounding in my head. “I can go by bus. Your cars are too conspicuous. The locator must be off unless I call for help.”
“All right. But you have to return here once you’ve done what you need to.”
“Agreed. And I need a painkiller; a good one.”
“You could keep the smart phone option on. It has a function where it responds only to your voice or to separate command words. It will transmit only when you say certain words.”
I nearly laughed. Boy had that facility caused huge problems for many people! Phones transmitting conversations people would rather they didn’t. Trouble was, you needed to be alert to use that facility and I was anything but. Alcohol, inattention and drugs had resulted in some hilarious ‘mistakes’ by VIP’s and others, well reported.
I dragged my tired and wandering thoughts back. Even getting dressed had tired me. Hell trying to think tired me! But I had to see if Danny was alright. I waited, impatiently, until someone came to escort me. I gratefully noticed the painkillers still added to the bucketful of pills that today’s nurse handed me.
<Jay>
<Wait. Company>
I looked up as the cute chick walked in, wearing surprisingly inconspicuous casuals, and looked at her boss.
“You know what to do. Stay with him, help him, carry him if you must. A team will be within seconds of you. Bonus for getting him in and out.”
She grinned, “Yes sir.”
The trip was a nightmare and to my embarrassment she did have to help me as I could hardly walk without puffing like an unfit ninety-nine year old. We both pretended I was under the influence of something as she shoved me on and off the buses somehow never managing to hurt me despite looking as if she was and ticking me off a treat. I realized her boss hadn’t hired her for her looks, she damn near convinced me. I couldn’t see the others but if they blended in as well as she did they could be any of the other people on the bus.
She woke me as we stopped outside the entrance to Shantytown and half carried me in through the gates. I kept my head down, hoping no one recognized me as she helped me to the pub where Thayne would be, the old man with the photographic memory. Getting in, I eased away from the cute chick whose name I hadn’t thought to find out. I asked around and located Thayne.
“Did Marcene leave a message for me?”
“Same place. Just her and the kid.”
I leaned over and transferred five units to him. “Thanks. If I don’t find her there, let her know I’ve been sick but I have money for her. Tell her that.”
“I will Jay. Ta lad.”
I watched as Thayne headed back to the bar to buy a tenth of the leaf he craved and couldn’t cope without. He had once been a teacher. His daughter paid his accommodation and food now. His photographic memory paid for the drug in bits like this; not enough to satisfy him but not enough to kill him. I usually paid him in food.
<Jay? What’s going on?>
<Very sick. Trouble. I’ll get back to you. Do you need help?>
<No, I just wanted to talk to you and I couldn’t reach you for days! You felt like you were asleep but I couldn’t wake you up. I panicked. You said you weren’t going to touch drugs again>
<Didn’t. Sick.>
<Have you been fighting again?>
<No. Sick. Truly.>
I felt her disbelief and her suspicion it was self inflicted but I didn’t have time to talk to her. I sat down, my worry urging me to go home but my body was not being cooperative. The cute chick would have to help me part of the way home. I should have waited till tomorrow but I was so frightened. It had been five days and I’d never been away from Danny this long. I instructed my reluctant body to move and it responded with the headache going to an 8 on the Richter scale as I stood up, my vision blacked out and I damn near fell over with dizziness. And I wasn’t even counting all the pain alerts south of my head. I felt like I’d had no food for a week and a severe beating. My eyesight came back on and I moved going over to the cute chick.
“What’s your name?” I said softly.
“Esmeralda. You can call me Cam.”
“Cam?”
“Short for Cameron. My surname.”
I grunted. Like most, people from this planet were addicted to shortening names. Esmeralda was a pretty name but her parents should have known better.
“Where to now? Back to the Medical Centre?”
“No. I have to see if someone is alright. And give her some money.”
“Your girl?”
“Sort of.”
I let her help me almost to the shelter as I was getting worse, not better.
“Wait here. Keep sharp.”
I eased off, running on empty as I neared the shelter, opened it with the key that was still around my neck and crawled in. They were asleep. Just the two of them. I carefully transferred some money into Marcene’s bracelet but not enough to make Sharelle suspicious if she found out. Too much would be as bad as too little. I leaned over my little son and woke him up.
“Daddy!”
“Hush. Nana’s asleep. Daddy’s been sick but Daddy has some money and can get more. Tell Marcene it’s in her bracelet. Go back to sleep now. Daddy has to work. Have you still got food?”
“Yes. Mummy took some but there’s a little left.”
“Has Mummy been back to see you yet?”
I felt the answer before he said, “No.”
How could she neglect him like that? How could she take food from him? “Poppet, I have to go. I’ll be back soon.”
I held him as he trustingly lay back down then sneaked out once he was asleep. Standing up was a mission. I staggered through the rubbish fighting to stay conscious until I saw Cam. The next thing I knew I was slung between two men being assisted onto another bus. I stopped struggling when Cam swore at me and told me what she was going to do to me once I was capable of independent movement. Her exact words were unprintable. They weren’t very polite either. I had been so out of it I hadn’t realized the guys propping me up were with us and helping me. As I was deposited onto a seat, she told me if I threw up I was paying the fine not her. Those nearest us hastily moved away and she laid me down across several suddenly vacated seats. That was one smart lady and it felt so good to get my head down.
I woke up sometime later, being helped inside and saw I was going back into the Bantalmid building and a few seconds later I was on a gurney.
• • •
I woke up again and looked around. It was daytime and I was back in the Medical Centre. The man who said he was my father was absent but a guard was there. I moved experimentally. Various parts of my body protested in a way intended to stop me moving. I did. But my waste tank needed emptying. For that, I had to move. Maybe later. But the hydraulic pressure continued to increase. Damn!
“I have to move” I said.
The male guard looked at me enquiringly.
“Need help to walk and I nodded towards the little room. The guard, muttering about idiots who didn’t take doctor’s advice, helped me up as I struggled not to lean against him and give him the wrong idea about my preferences. Why couldn’t they give me Cam? I’d be happy to snuggle up next to her! I’d taken two steps and I wondered if I could put this off awhile but my bladder was threatening dire consequences. At last I was sitting on the throne and contemplating some painful movements as I adjusted clothing or a severely stressed Cleaner if I didn’t get a move on. I got a move on and sat in pain and bliss, intermingled, as sphincters opened and deposited their previous contents in the appropriate place rather than where they had been in danger of ending up.
The trip back to bed was a little less painful to my surprise but I was so grateful to lie down. I shut my eyes and drifted off, awakening to a familiar voice as Cam and her boss sat down on either side of the bed.
“Was it worth going out?” He asked.
“Yes.”
“Would you admit it if it wasn’t?”
“I might.”
“Did you get done what you needed to?”
“Yes.”
“You supporting a girl?”
“Sort of,” he’d obviously been talking to Cam.
He grunted and left me alone as lunch got delivered. Once again, I couldn’t finish it. I lay down again. Exhausted from eating a snack? And I was so unsteady on my feet it was easier just to pee sitting down, like a girl. I was dizzy just standing. This was appalling. I wanted to chat up Cam who was obviously on guard duty. One thing was puzzling me.
“People call me Michel. I’ve never heard that name before. Is it a variant of Michael?”
“Yes, it’s French, I think. Your mother had a brother with the same name.”
That was interesting. I’d be thumping anyone who called me Michelle which it sounded very like.
• • •
<Siobhan?>
<Oh, you finally have time for me?>
<I’ve been sick. Really>
<You never get sick unless it’s self inflicted>
<This isn’t. I’ve been very sick but I’m getting better>
<Give Jay. Danny says he doesn’t know where you are. He hasn’t seen you for several days and he can’t hear you>
Oh dear. She had been checking up on me. <I’ve just seen him>
<Oh, that’s a relief>
<He doesn’t know how sick I’ve been. Life has been a little interesting lately. Are you sure you don’t want to know?>
<You know the rules. You’re tired.>
<Shattered>
<Go to sleep, my love>
I smiled as I felt her mental caress as she left. One day I would find her and deal with this. I was narrowing the search and my apprentice was helping. I knew she was older than me but I didn’t care. We had shared the worst times of our lives and the best yet she refused to meet me. We had known each other since I was six or seven and I didn’t who she was. She had set the rules that we never exchanged identifying information. She knew I lived in Shantytown and I knew she lived outside it and that was all. Except I knew she was chronically ill. I didn’t care, she was still my girl and I called her that. She called me her invisible friend.

Chapter Seven
Over the next two days, I improved to the point where I could walk a short distance and talk without puffing. Cam and I were chatting one day when Ischi came in with coffee and said to me,
“The vacancies are out if you’re interested.”
“Vacancies?”
“Jobs. Work. What keeps us alive and out of trouble. Ever think of applying for one of the jobs here? Or are you going to study?”
I couldn’t study. I’d had only two years schooling because I couldn’t pay but I wasn’t going to tell Ischi and Cam that. That was the charity basic but Marcene said that was poor economy because the more educated a population was, the more money they could make and the more taxes they paid. I had been taught reading, writing, basic keyboard skills and basic arithmetic but nothing else except the reading I’d done at the charity library in Shantytown where the rejected books went from the local libraries and bookstores. Most were free eBooks but some were real paper or fiber books, tatty or damaged.
“I’d like a job, but I’m not qualified in anything.” I sipped the coffee. Ischi had a good memory and always made it the way I liked it.
Ischi sat down, “Any experience?”
“Nothing except some dock work.” I omitted to tell her about all the other jobs I’d had; none of them legal.
“Can you use a loader?”
“Yes, but not legally. Again, no qualifications.”
“Have a look,” she said handing me a pad. I scrolled through as I got more and more depressed.
“The only jobs I’m qualified for are the ones requiring no qualifications. The very low pay jobs. But they are legal. Trouble is, I’m totally unfit at the moment and can only handle a desk job. No way could I handle manual labor.”
“Got any other abilities,” Ischi asked? “Such as Telepathy?”
I smiled, “No.” I’d been asked that one all my life!
“Pity,” she said. “That would qualify you for several here, like a job interviewer.”
I stopped scrolling and stared, ‘Complaints Officer.’ I looked at the job description the qualification requirement and the pay. More than three times that of a loader, racker, packer or stacker and ‘overtime available.’ I knew I could do that one and I knew why.
Seeing my attention, Ischi leaned over. She smelled nice; a soft floral perfume. She read the add. “You can do something, can’t you? Can you Truth Seek?”
“What’s that?’
“Tell if someone’s lying. Or telling the truth?”
I paused. Ischi was too smart by half. “I like the pay. And the hours. Overtime available. Why is it called Truth Seeking?”
“Well Truth Telling isn’t right. I don’t know how they came up with that. It’s better than ‘looking for truth,’ that would be weird.”
“I wonder why it pays so well.”
“It’s an unpopular job. High turnover. That’s partly why the good pay with fewer qualifications. People yell, complain, threaten to have you sacked. I know. I’ve stood in line and watched the poor bastards get abused. There’s never enough staff and the waiting time is ridiculous and I suspect it’s deliberate to discourage returns. By the time they get served they’re right cranky. You’d need a thick skin.”
“Got one. I could do that.”
I distracted them onto other subjects, exercised, took all my medication like a good boy, so grateful it was oral now and I generally behaved.
The next morning, I was up and when my mother’s husband came in I looked at him, measuring him up and asked, “Can I borrow some good clothes?”
“Where are you going this time?”
“Just inside the building.”
“You could buy some clothes you know.”
“Oh.” I hadn’t thought of that. I’d earmarked all the money he’d put in my account for Danny and Marcene but using some to get a job sounded like a good investment. I realized I didn’t know what to buy but I’d bet Ischi did and when I asked she agreed to come and help. Very enthusiastically, I noted.
“I love spending other people’s money,” she explained, “and you only have one outfit I understand?”
I noted the implied criticism of my dress sense and current wardrobe. “About three,” I told her without adding that they were all suitable only for dock work…barely. “What stores have sales?”
She accessed the store directory on her bracelet. I kept forgetting I could do that now! “Three menswear stores. One I’d recommend as having better quality and more conservative styles. You’re going for that Complaints Officer job?”
“Yes.”
“You can get away with a couple of pairs of good trousers and several good shirts,” she said on the way and soon we were there.
Between us, we quickly picked out trousers at a good price, one pair grey and one dark blue. Cheap, because the colors in fashion were brown, black and fawn. Shirts, also in blues, white and one in iridescent blues and greens.
Ischi grabbed that one off me, “It’s pretty but it’s damaged. Look,” she said showing me a rip in the seam.”
“I can fix that and it’s heavily discounted.”
“You don’t want to spend much do you?”
“As little as possible.”
I watched as Ischi headed off to a bin, returning with another three shirts, all damaged. I quickly sorted through which were fixable and chose two. “That’s enough.”
“You’ve only got two pairs of trousers and five shirts.”
“It’s enough.” I didn’t tell her that was more than I’d ever had, especially new and besides I might not get that job or any job. I really liked the iridescent one. The fasteners were hidden in the swirly pattern and it was V necked which I like. I hate things tight around my neck; some people find nasty things to do with tight necklines as I’d found out a few times.
“Thank you,” I said gratefully, “that was a big help.”
“You could buy me a meal,” she replied impishly.
“That’s a great idea,” I lied and we headed up to the restaurant area, her enthusiastically and me trying to hide my complete exhaustion. This was getting ridiculous. A pretty girl beside me, free food, and all I wanted to do was go back to bed by myself! I belatedly realized my so called father was paying for this food and he owed her too. Big time!
After she collected some sweet stuff and I chose some savories, we sat and dealt to them, with the inevitable coffees but my mind, once calories and rest overcame the exhaustion, was in overdrive.
“Can I ask you some stuff?”
“Sure. Want to know how to apply for a job?”
“You a Telepath?”
“No,” she smiled sweetly, “but it’s obviously on your mind. Your basic CV is usually on your Data bracelet so we’d better construct one. Have you not had much education?”
I sighed. She was too quick on the uptake and since I needed help I’d better start telling the truth. “Two years.”
“Oh dear. Can you read and write?”
“Yes.”
“To what level?”
“I don’t know.”
Ischi’s eyes narrowed. “I know you’re tired but first, you need to put in Education. If you have no qualifications, then you need to take a test to determine the equivalent standard you have reached in Reading, Comprehension, Writing, Keyboard, Problem Solving, and Math. That may be sufficient for that job.”
“What’s Problem Solving?”
“Sort of like a mini aptitude test. Gives you some problems and tests out your reasoning, logic, flexibility, understanding and appropriate response. These are normally used for Aliens but they will suffice in your case. Would you like me to organize that?”
“Yes please.” This was hopeless. I didn’t have the heart to tell her though. I hoped I had enough of the basics for cleaning toilets. “What’s the pay like for cleaning toilets?”
“Not as good as Complaints Officer.”
“At least I’d qualify for that! I hope.”
By the time we got back to the Medical Centre I was exhausted and depressed and we hadn’t even talked about job experience. What could I say about that? I was sure Sex Worker, Cop Lookout, Pick Pocket, Message Runner, Casual Dock Laborer, Drug Courier and Thief would look real good on my resume.
• • •
The next morning, after breakfast, Ischi came in with a man, a bit younger than my father but a bigger build, and he shook my hand Terran style.
“This is Mr. Patel. He’s an Educational Assessor,” and she left with a smile.
I looked at him apprehensively as he got out iPads saying, “I gather you’ve not much formal education?” He looked down at his pad, “How do I pronounce your name?”
“Me shill.”
“Have you had very little education?”
I nodded miserably.
“OK, we’ll start with English because that’s the language you need here. Is that your main language?”
“My only language.”
He sat down beside me, the pads stacked on another chair beside him. “I understand you’ve been very ill so you probably have not much energy. This will interfere with your concentration and processing speed.”
“Noticed that.”
For the next hour, he read out statements and sentences and asked me what they meant, then handed the iPad to me and I continued on my own as they got more and more difficult and confusing. He watched my progress on another pad. I completely flunked some things like ‘sentence formation,’ and did dismally on ‘general knowledge’ and ‘political reasoning.’ What did I know of how a society worked? I was brought up in one that didn’t! Containing rejects like me!
Astonishingly, I did catch on to ‘Philosophy’ but only at the beginner’s level. And he dictated while I typed but the bastard switched off the spellchecker which had me struggling. He grinned as he switched it back on and it lit up like an add board.
“Not bad,” he said, “many people do worse. Spellcheckers make people lazy and some don’t bother to learn. You’d think they’d get sick of having to fix it but laziness is endemic and across all societal levels and the computer fixes most of it.
He had me pegged right at the bottom level! I looked up, startled as I saw he was packing up.
“What? Have I failed?”
“No, why?”
“Where are you going? We’ve hardly started.”
“You’re exhausted and your accuracy and response time have declined significantly. I’ll come back tomorrow.”
“No! I can’t even apply for a job until I get this done. Isn’t that right?”
“Yes, but if I continue the results won’t be accurate. This test is official. It’s going on your C.V. It has to be accurate.”
I stared at him. “Can you come back later? After lunch?”
“Well, yes, I suppose so.” He paused then said slowly, “We could just go through it fairly fast then repeat parts where you’ve had trouble. At a later date.”
“Please yes. I have to get this done.”
“True. But done well is better than done fast and with bad results. Alright, I’ll come back after lunch. But I don’t want to input any results that I think are far below your ability.”
As he walked out I was overcome by despair and only too well aware I was not doing well. There were holes in my education you could fly a spaceship through. A giant economy sized spaceship! Miserable and exhausted, I cuddled down into the bed for a rest.
• • •
Mr. Patel stopped outside Jed’s office and was quickly cleared through. As he walked in Jed said, “Right everyone. Take a coffee break.” When his staff had left he motioned Mr Patel to a chair and said, “Go ahead.”
“You understand this is very early days yet. He’s not doing as well as he would if he were well but it’s not nearly as bad as I had feared. He tells me he has had two years of formal schooling which in Shantytown could be anything from babysitting to very good. There is no quality control and no testing there. He can read to about an eleven year old level and writing is more like eight. His keyboard skills are better, more like twelve which I found surprising given he’s never had one of his own that can go online.”
“He had one as a child. Up to age four.”
“Oh. Then he had learned the basics but he knew how to search and did it well and fast. His comprehension is fairly good, you realize I am taking his best performances only. He quickly tires. According to the news casts he nearly died. Is that true? How sick is he?”
“He’s lucky to be alive because the treatment made him sicker than the diseases had. According to the doctors he should recover completely but his recovery will take weeks.”
Mr. Patel nodded wishing he could ask more. Rumors were flying about this boy and the claim of ‘Attempted Murder’ had been confirmed by the Police. He refocused, “We had only just started on ‘Problem Solving’ but he can reason, think logically, learn quickly, his memory I would guess is at least average and his IQ the same although I suspect it could be quite a bit higher given what aptitude he has shown already and given his poor health.
He is certainly teachable and so far appears highly willing to learn, independent, determined, stubborn and self motivated. I think he is also competitive. He does not like to fail. But Sir, he is sick and exhausted. After thirty minutes, his performance was substantially impaired, in some bits, but he doesn’t give up easily. He kept going at what he could do but for new learning, forget it. He couldn’t. That, however, indicated what came easily to him and I kept altering where I would usually go in the curriculum. Where he failed, I stopped. Where he succeeded, I kept going. There are whole areas not properly tested yet. I am going back, at his demand, this afternoon and it would not surprise me if he wants me to go back after tea. Do you want me to let him set the pace?”
“Yes, but within reason.”
Mr. Patel nodded, “I’ll tell him when he can’t function any more. He doesn’t seem to know that!”
“Yes, I know the type.”
I’ll bet you do, thought Mr. Patel, every time you look in the mirror.
“Come back tonight or whenever he admits defeat for the day.”
“I will. Thank you. This is interesting and I am enjoying working with him. There are excellent self study sources. He could catch up in a few years, depending on what he wants. Ischi told me he wants a job first.”
“Yes.”
As Mr. Patel left the office he started to re-arrange his day and clear his schedule for the next few days. He paused, then altered it just for two more days. At the rate Michel was going, that would probably be right.
• • •
“This afternoon we’ll carry on with Problem Solving, then onto Moral Reasoning.”
Mr. Patel watched on his own iPad noting Michel knew the correct answers but he would be prepared to bet there were discrepancies between what Michel answered and what he did given where he had lived, in both categories but especially the last. This time, it was forty minutes before he noticed a serious decline in Michel’s performance.
“Let’s go back to keyboard skills. Do you know anything about programming?”
“I don’t think so.”
Michel was getting tired again, he noticed after a few minutes so he decided to change track again. “Can you find me some games?”
“Which ones.”
“Some math games.”
“Mixed or specific?”
Mr. Patel was startled, “Start with simple arithmetic,” he said and watched in shock as Michel loaded and started to play an addition game, at a ‘master’ level.
“OK. You can do that,” he heard himself say with a calmness he didn’t feel, “try division.”
Again, he watched in awe as Michel played, almost automatically, at a genius level.
“Multiplication,” After a few stunned minutes he said, “Subtraction.” A few minutes later he said, “Mixed.” And watched as Michel demonstrated all of the above plus geometry, algebra, trigonometry, and the flexibility to shift quickly between them and combine them.
“You little bastard,” he said softly as Michel laughed.
“Got you there. You didn’t see that coming did you? Not so retarded after all am I?”
“Uneducated is one thing. Retarded is something else entirely. Do you have any idea how good you are?”
“The computer says genius level. I do better usually than this.”
“Do you realize what percentage of the population is at this level?”
“No.”
“Less than two percent.”
Michel looked startled, “Yes, but these are only games.”
“Do you understand some of the mathematical theories? Quantum physics for instance?
“I’m not sure. Some of it. Parts of it I’m not certain I get.”
“I don’t get any of it but math is not my strongpoint. Did you learn all this from computers?”
“No. A teacher started me off and gave me a whole lot of courses and each one led to the next. Where I got stuck she’d help. They were all on program, not on line and the educational games are all free so if I could get to a computer I could learn. People throw good computers out but finding a power source was the problem. I could use the library at night so it was OK for a while but then pretty soon I needed the on line capability and I couldn’t pay for it. The loaded program’s are too basic. I tried to learn some of the other stuff too but this is much more fun.”
“Why don’t you look for a job using this ability?”
“Like what?” Michel said bitterly, “With no money, no education, no recognized training, no job experience and no bloody qualifications!”
“So go to school!”
“I can’t!”
“Why not?”
“It’s too late.”
“Rubbish!” Mr. Patel could see the anguish. Something was very wrong here. “You can study and work. You can study and marry. You can study and raise a child. You can study when you’re sick. You have all your life to study. If you have a love of learning, which I think you have, study can be like a leisure activity, like mental exercise or like scratching an itch!” He saw the flicker of a smile but something was very wrong in this kid’s life.
“Michel you could use these games as a reference but I get your point. How about I give you a comprehensive study program? You can learn at your own speed. In a few years you could catch up.”
“I need to work. I need to support myself.” How could I explain I needed to be in legal, permanent employment before all this came crashing down? I had a black bracelet. If I got a job I could keep it. If I got found out before I got a job I’d be back to an orange bracelet again with all the restrictions and assumptions and prejudice and suspicious looks that came with it.
Mr Patel saw the stubborn look and altered his stance. “OK. You find a job. But part time, you could start to educate yourself, officially, getting qualifications, free, at your own speed. Learning aimed at adults but getting you the correct qualifications. You have some gaps but you could work at that. As you learn it, I or someone like me, can keep updating your CV.”
“What do you mean free?”
“Any citizen can get free education as a right. Unlimited if it is on line. Possibly restricted if it is covered by Intellectual Property laws or Professional laws but most Math isn’t.”
“What do you mean by Intellectual Property and Professional laws?”
“Some learning you have to pay for like if it is job training or for a career or new theories. Most learning you will need is free,” he repeated. “And with an ability like yours you can get scholarships or sponsorships.” Mr. Patel wanted to shake him and tell him his father would pay for anything educational he could ever want. Even without this stupendous ability. But something cautioned him not to say that. Ischi had warned him and he had listened.
“I’m tired,” Michel said handing back the iPad. “You’ll come back tomorrow?”
“Straight after breakfast.”
I lay there in despair. I had to get a job, they didn’t understand. If this fraud was discovered when I was studying, I’d be kicked off the course. But if I had a job, I might be able to keep it. If I had a job I could support myself and Danny and possibly Marcene too. I had to get a job. I had no idea how long all this would last before I was caught.
• • •
That evening, at his meeting with Jed Mr. Patel said, “He’s a math genius. Self taught, on line and via programs, I don’t know how good. I need to wait and retest him when he’s well and alert. But I’ve updated his Education. He’s passed basic literacy with Math at a high level. You don’t look surprised.”
“No. I saw the ability he had as a little child. He was intuitive. He could calculate at three. His tutor said he was an emerging lightening calculator. I’m good but I thought he could be better. I am relieved though that he had the chance to develop it. I didn’t want to tell you in case he had never done anything with it.”
“He plays genius level math games for fun. Those mixed ones I can only do at the lower levels and at a fraction of the speed he does them at. I wonder if he does them because it is an area where he can feel superior. Growing up in that dump must have been appalling. But what got me was that he was doing them when he was tired. After the other tests. I want to see what he can do when he’s well and alert.”
“So what else did you find?”
“He’s functioning at very mixed scales. Math is off the chart. English is about age eleven, Comprehension is about fourteen, Problem Solving is more like sixteen taking only the best scores but General Knowledge is poor as is Societal and Political Studies, very poor. I suspect he will catch up very fast but he’s determined to do it by himself. With no help. He wants a job.”
Jed sighed, “I think he’s supporting someone. He won’t tell me, he doesn’t trust me. I think someone might have adopted him and maybe that someone now needs his help and I think he has a girl and he might be supporting her.”
Mr. Patel nodded slowly, “That might explain a lot like why he won’t go to school. Oh and he’s a book worm and he’s read widely; a lot of biographies and autobiographies. Specifically, about gifted people from poor beginnings but others too, all over the spectrum and not just from this planet.”
• • •
The next morning the tests continued. Math, looking at the senior year curriculum and I was startled to hear Mr. Patel casually tell me my father was a math genius too and I had shown huge promise as a little child. I felt so confused; who was I?
Mr. Patel grunted as he watched Michel go through a two hour math exam in an hour. “That’s a pass. A ‘B-’ because there was some you hadn’t learnt. But it’s your first pass and at school graduation level. My advice would be not to input this. I’ll leave you some homework and retest you with another exam next week. I’m sure you can learn this in a week.”
“But what about my other tests? What level are they at?”
“They vary. None anywhere near graduation level.”
“You said something about Literacy Level.”
“You passed. Check your bracelet,” and he smiled as he watched Michel check and see that his Education had been entered.
• • •
Delighted, I saw he had entered Literacy level for all subjects. I wondered how low that was but Mr. Patel was saying,
“That’s enough for unqualified work. It’s enough to train and enough to apply to get a driver’s license. Ground car and flitter only.”
Now that hadn’t occurred to me! I looked up at Mr. Patel, “But is it enough education for this?” And I showed him the ad for Complaints Officer. I watched as he read through it. He looked up at me and said,
“It asks for Basic Education, which is not what you have. Basic Education is graduation level for a minimum of six compulsory subjects and you have only one that you could put here. You have only Literacy Level in the others but what can you add to that?”
“I don’t have any job experience…”
“You’re not expected to have job experience at your age. What ability can you add to that?”
I kept forgetting that in this society I was supposed to be at school until late teens. My sire had told me I was seventeen. So did my bracelet. I found that hard to believe and I still kept forgetting it. I still wondered when I would be exposed as a fraud. I refocused; I wasn’t expected to have job experience? What had he said? Ability? I wasn’t about to tell him that.
Mr. Patel watched the kid clam up and figured he needed a different type of education.
“You want this job?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“It pays well.”
“What makes you think you can do it? What can you tell a recruiting officer that will convince him or her to give you the job? That’s what you need to do. Convince them you can do it. Don’t mention the pay. Tell them what you can do for them! How good you could be at it. What ability do you have Michel? I know what your mother could do. Well some of it. What can you do? Are you a Telepath?”
“No!” I knew he thought I was lying but what could I do? Tell the truth? I’d be hated!
“Can you Truth Seek?” Mr. Patel could see, in Michel’s flinch and reluctance to answer, that he had hit the bull’s-eye. He said slowly, “if you tell them that, you will get that job. That is an ability that is highly relevant to the job and very few have it. It is as rare as Telepathy, in fact I think it’s rarer. It is a marketable ability. Do you understand me? Do you know what a marketable ability means?”
“But I’ll be hated.”
“Probably but by liars not by the truthful. Not by your boss or your workmates. If you have this ability, then you know I’m speaking the truth.”
“I know you think that. But how can I prove it? They’re not going to take my word for it. Others will hate me for it. Others will call me a freak!”
“Been called that a lot?”
“Yes.”
“Grow a thick skin and get used to it. I’ve taught several Telepaths. They tell me they rarely snoop. There is too much going on and it’s too distracting and disjointed. They say they Shield if they can and tune it out if they can’t Shield. And most are just not interested in the lives of others. Most have a set moral code, as much for their own protection from accusations from others as from a moral standpoint. I’ll see you next week,” and he handed me an appointment time.
“Oh and I wouldn’t worry about proving Truth Seeking especially given who your mother was. If you say you have that ability you’ll get the job. If it’s obvious later that you’re lying you’ll be sacked and that will go on your work record along with the reason. Simple.”
I was thinking hard as he left. I’d felt no fear or disgust or condemnation from him and I knew he meant what he said. He didn’t hate me but I felt he thought I was a Telepath. He thought I could probably do a lot more than I was telling. I sighed; he was partly right.
I didn’t understand what was going on and I felt continually anxious and I was waiting to be found out. They all thought I was this Michel guy but how could I be? Yet there kept being these confusing parallels to this Michel kid who was three years younger than me. And then my mother had my coloring and so did the mother of this other kid. And his mother was a strong Telepath and so was mine. I sighed and again shelved the problem since there was nothing I could do about it.

Chapter Eight
The next morning, Ischi helped me to dress neatly and schooled me up in how to present myself and what I should expect. She went with me to ensure I got to the correct place, and given the state of my nerves that was a very good idea. She left and I sat in misery, more frightened than I’d been in a long time apart from when I thought I was dying. This was a different type of fear. I was terrified I’d be left with the embarrassment of failure and only boring, mindless, low paid jobs and the way I was getting better I despaired that it would be weeks before I could handle manual labor. I had gotten breathless just walking here! I had almost no energy. Eating made me tired, talking made me tired, listening made me tired!
It was nearly an hour before I got to the head of the queue and my nerves were getting worse not better. Finally, it was my turn.
I walked in and sat where the man indicated, remembering at the last minute that Ischi had told me to scan my bracelet. He sat and read it from its’ screen. It didn’t take him long! I read his name plate, Demjee Jikuio, Staff Recruitment Officer. He had a job!
“Well Michel, your education is a bit scanty. Tell me more about yourself. Why did you chose to apply for this job?”
“Because I can do it,” I blurted out and blushed.
“What makes you think you can do it?”
He was unconvinced, but interested. Not very impressed with me at this stage, but listening but I had so little to say. I couldn’t think of anything! I sat getting more and more desperate and finally blurted out, “Because I can Truth Seek.”
I felt his interest shoot up and he smiled. “Excellent! I wondered if you had some ability. How accurate are you?”
“Very…but…sometimes people lie about some things and tell the truth about others and it can all be mixed up.”
“So you’d ask questions to determine which was which.”
“Yes.” I hadn’t thought of that!
“Well that is an ability we can use. Are you also a Telepath?”
“No.” Why did everyone assume that?!
“Well that doesn’t matter. I find that Truth Seekers do better than Telepaths in this job. I see you have a partial medical. Two to four hours a day. You don’t have to tell me but how will this affect your work performance?”
I squirmed, “I’ve been sick and I tire easily. I’m improving every day. I should be up to full time soon. I’m usually a very hard worker.”
“Your CV says ‘No work Experience.’
Oops. “I’ve done casual work. Manual labor like dock work, cash on the day. It doesn’t count.”
“When would you like to start?”
“Tomorrow?” I had it?! I couldn’t hold back the smile and I was sure I looked like an idiot. My smile must have split my face as he indicated to me to put my bracelet against the scanner and I saw him add ‘Complaints Officer’ to my ‘Occupation’ section. I had a job!! A real job! Legal! My first ever real proper job!
“Nine am to eleven. Then a two hour or so break. Go back for up to another two hours if you think you can. No more than four hours total per day or Dr. Janie will blast my ear drums. And yours.”
“Yes I found that out. She sure can yell!”
“You upset her?”
“I was infectious. She cleared the room. I’m OK now. She said I’ll recover completely.”
I left the Employment Office on cloud nine. I went to the restaurant first for a meal. I needed some time to get to terms with this. The area was safe so I shrank my Shield down to contain just me and sat in a corner against the wall and near an exit. I kept checking to be sure the job was still there, on my data base. I wanted to tell the world but I was embarrassed that it was my first job that counted. No big deal. Just a job. Yeah right! I knew who I wanted to tell first.
<Siobhan>
<Mmmm?>
<I’ve got a job. A real job. It’s legal and full time and permanent> I felt her slowly waking up.
<What? What’s the job?>
<If I tell you you’ll know who I am>
<Congratulations. Good night>
I smiled, I nearly got her then. I could feel the curiosity but also the fear. She thought I was an invisible friend hence the rules. But I knew more than she thought. I knew she was rich. I knew she was ill. I knew she was in some type of therapy. I knew she was fragile but all through my life she had helped and supported me and I was determined, one day, to show her I wasn’t a delusion. I didn’t know if the love we had would survive that but I thought it worth the risk. She didn’t.
I was hungry. I ate with huge enthusiasm. I was hungry and Ischi had told me I would improve faster once I got my appetite back. I had a job and I was getting better.
• • •
At the Complaints Office, the Complaints Office Manager, Vince Griffin answered his phone as he refunded a customer and heard, “It’s Demjee Jikuio here, Recruitment. You have a new staff member starting tomorrow, Michel Bannerman.”
“What’s he want to work here for? He could have any job he wants, including mine! For that matter, why does he need to work?”
“I’m not sure that’s true. Either statement. I don’t think his father would condone anything he shouldn’t qualify for. I’d guess he has a good work ethic. He really wanted this job and he has only Literacy Level education which excludes him from most jobs, especially a first job. The point though, why I recruited him, he says he’s a Truth Seeker.”
The Manager sucked in his breath saying, “that will be useful but I thought the kid was very sick.”
“He is. He has a two to four hour a day medical. I gather he is determined to start work regardless. I told him nine am to eleven am, take at least a two hour break and try another two hours. No more. That’s for the rest of this week.”
“We don’t have part timers.”
Demjee held back the sigh of exasperation. The guy was a pedantic idiot. And they did hire part timers! They hired whoever they could get in unpopular jobs like this and a Truth Seeker was a gift from Heaven.
“Vince, the job is full time. Give the kid a break! He will be incredibly useful if this is true and it probably is. He didn’t want to tell me that but I guess he thought he wouldn’t get the job otherwise. He doesn’t have the education to get any decent job apart from something like this where he has a special aptitude. And he certainly wasn’t trying for any special treatment.”
“I’ll give him a try.”
Demjee hung up with a smile thinking it would take a very brave man to do otherwise. Even if Michel wasn’t a Truth Seeker, no one would dare to sack him but Demjee thought that was a remote possibility. His judgment was that this was the truth and that Michel would turn out to be an excellent worker. For this and other matters. He would like to hire the kid in Recruitment. He’d make a terrific job interviewer once he had more education and even without it. This Complaints job would try him out.
He thought further. Michel would also be a gift for Security. There was always the problem of theft and fraud. There was that problem in the Men’s Retail. Now which store was it? Still thinking, he went back to the next interviewee.
• • •
“Well, did you get it?” Ischi asked me as I walked through the door.
I smiled at her, “Yes. I start tomorrow.” Exhausted, I headed for my room via the bathroom and the Cleaner and several minutes later I was in bed, clean, my ex sweaty-with-fright clothes cleaned and hanging up. Ready for work. Tomorrow.
Lying there, drowsily, for the first time I realized something else. Every time I needed someone to help me or go with me like Ischi today they ‘found time.’ She was a nurse not a shopping assistant. I suspected he who was called my father had stretched the job descriptions of his staff because, bottom line, he was Ischi’s employer. I suspected she got excused from work and paid for helping the boss’s sick son get a job but I was still very very grateful. If I could make it in this job I would be safe. If I was safe then so was Danny and Marcene. Sharelle, I was planning to dump.
• • •
The next morning, having spent most of the previous day resting or sleeping, I passed on my usual morning walk (exercise, I told Dr. Janie), to the restaurant. Too nervous for more than a coffee, I made my way to the Complaint’s Office and walked inside. I felt like I’d hit a wall. The atmosphere was awful, full of frustration and anger and impatience and I immediately realized I’d made a very big mistake as my headache abruptly worsened and I felt the familiar anxiety symptoms. I should have anticipated this! I started the relaxation breathing, trying to ease the adrenaline rush down. I had learnt the hard way that there were places I couldn’t or shouldn’t go. I hadn’t thought that my job would be one of them!
Trying to get control of myself, I concentrated on reading the notices that were everywhere citing conditions of refunds and warnings. Goods to be refunded had to be returned promptly, undamaged, unused, clean, in their original containers where appropriate and refunds would only be given to the person who purchased the goods unless there was an exchange or transfer option.
My heart rate and breathing slowed and the headache and nausea eased to a level I could think through. I had shielded as much as I could as I stood, looking around and worked at not running for it. I desperately needed this job! I would have to find a way to cope!
I eased myself through the long queues (getting glares from customers) and up to the counter of six stressed and unhappy staff saying, “I’m starting work here today. My name’s Michel,” to the harassed and pretty young lady dealing with a disgruntled customer (who had been telling the truth). Quickly she finished the check and refund and turned to me indicating a side door I hadn’t seen. She opened it from the inside and motioned me through to another room, her annoyed and complaining ex customers shuffling off to other queues. As we walked along I could feel her relief, rapidly reducing stress levels and interest. We reached what I recognized from Media as being a staff room with a tiny kitchen, standard food and drink dispenser, signs for toilet and Cleaner, a large table, lots of comfortable shabby chairs and a Media outlet which she muted to my relief. She got herself a drink motioning me to do the same and sat down. She smiled up at me.
“I’m Jenaya and you’re nuts wanting to work in this Hell hole. I’m only here for a few more months to get some money. We’re told you’re a Truth Seeker. I don’t know how that will work out because nobody can remember one working here before although we had one Telepath. She didn’t last a day. But what we do here is listen to their story and check that the sale was legal. Most customers buy too fast and don’t check out that they bought the right item, color, size, shape, product etc. Of course stores encourage them to do exactly that and then blame the customer when they get it wrong.” She sipped her drink.
“What they bought doesn’t suit the décor, doesn’t fit, isn’t suitable, isn’t what they thought they bought, wasn’t as described which meant someone put it in the wrong place or they didn’t read the instructions or description. Estimates are that eighty to ninety percent of people don’t bother to get a refund on low to medium priced items and some even don’t bother if it’s a high priced item. They accept that they made a mistake but often the store makes a deliberate one.”
“What do you mean a deliberate one?”
“Stores advertise an item at one price and put a more expensive similar item under the sign or in front of the discounted items. Done all the time. Or advertise at one price and sell at a higher one. Most people don’t check. Computer error it’s called. It’s mostly deliberate policy although some of it would be accidental. Working here has changed the way I shop. I check now and it’s amazing what I find. Stores alter sizes and models or put the wrong size where another size is indicated to fool the customer into thinking the store has a full size range where they don’t and that’s why they are selling out the range and they mislabel things, sometimes even mislabel things because they don’t have the popular range or it’s an older model. Especially done with latest model electronic items.”
“Isn’t that illegal?”
“The store says it was a mistake, human error.” She looked at me speculating and said slowly, “You could tell different?”
“Yes.”
“Also clothes are a minefield. During sales when all the average sizes have sold out, they put clothes in the wrong size area hoping you won’t check or won’t notice till next season when it’s too late to get a refund. Very few people try anything on, especially during sales and most buy on-line anyway. Many never check the size on the actual article and you can’t check if it’s on-line. People also have to take the item back or pay to send it back which uses up their own money or time.
Many stores put fancy packaging on faulty products hoping you won’t unwrap it for a while or will give it away. The recipient is reluctant to take it back to the giver. Of course the store is stuffed if there’s an exchange deal with it but since that adds to the price most customers don’t bother.” She paused to think.
“Then there are the thieves. They use tiny electronic chips attached to their bracelets to over-ride their account details and substitute another account. A stolen one. A program on the chip fools the scanner that should be able to tell it’s an over-ride. The brazen ones come back for a refund. Usually they get it because the store can’t detect the program if it’s a new one. Takes us about a week on average to detect the latest scam but some have run for far longer than that. Customers also want refunds because they can’t work something. It’s about a fifty/fifty mix of defective products or defective owners.”
“Owners who don’t know how to use it?”
“You catch on quick. Mostly men. Women tend to read instructions or ask someone to help.” She rolled her eyes, “And the men are adamant it couldn’t possibly be their fault and they did read the instructions. You wouldn’t believe how often I’ve found the instructions, still in the sealed packet. Never read. And they deny it. Say they folded it back neatly and resealed it. Huh!”
“What were you saying about programs to buy using stolen accounts,” I said confused. “How does that work? I thought the electronic transactions were foolproof.”
“They’d like you to think that! There are also scammers that take money out of the balance of nearby people and programs that bypass the personal account data with special codes and take the money directly from specific huge funds. Those are rare luckily. Modern day bank robbers. Those are the ones we deal with mostly because they’re the real professionals and because most of those try to get a refund. The goods are usually small and valuable.”
I thought that through, “But the refund would go back into the account it was stolen from.”
“No, it doesn’t because they have a divert over-ride on or attached to their bracelet or they want an exchange voucher and store rules say they are entitled to it. In fact stores encourage it. The exchange voucher can be a generic one for anything in this building, including services. Stores don’t like refunds. They want to keep your money! That works in the thief’s favor.”
I thought through this while she got a snack from the dispenser.
“These are free,” she indicated the snacks and drinks so, startled, I followed suit. This job came with free food? Distracted, I realized she was talking again,
“They can exchange their vouchers to get medical services or dentist or groceries.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Yes. Those tend to be the poorer thieves. Most are after expensive stuff.”
“But how would these thieves get these programs?”
“Some programs are bought. Some thieves are part of theft rings. Some make them up themselves.”
“They’d have to be geniuses.” I wondered if I’d missed my calling but remembered my problem with nerves. Belatedly I remembered I did have a conscience and a keen knowledge of consequences.
I idly wondered when I would be starting work as she put a florescent blue work bracelet on me and showed me on a (?) practice machine and sample receipts how to check that the purchase was legal and made from the customer in front of me and how to refund.
“Do you have a high staff turnover?”
“Most don’t last six months, some much less. Most of us are here because of debt, or are students or saving up for something. Only the Manager has been here for years but he can take off when he’s had enough and hide in here. We can’t. We’re allowed a one hour break in the whole shift and you can take it in little bits or all at once. You see, I believe the strategy here is to keep the staff numbers down and the queues huge to encourage people to go away and forfeit their refund. The waiting time is too long for many people and if you are not fit enough to stand in line you’re screwed. That eliminates a surprising amount of people. Of course the general public don’t know that a planned strategy and it’s always denied and the customers are in a bad temper when they get here and see the queues and in a decidedly worse one once they get to us and we’re the targets of their anger, not the Store Manager who deliberately makes getting a refund difficult and time consuming. It’s much cheaper to pay us well to do the job than it is to employ enough staff and refund much more innocent purchasers.”
“Hmm, I thought, Ischi was right and it was deliberate policy. And Poquell’s math was right; it was cheaper to limit staff numbers and to pay staff well and discourage the buyers from getting a refund. Once the job got bad they would be continually advertising and saying they were trying whilst well aware many staff wouldn’t stay. A perpetuating problem.
Half an hour later following training in the conditions for a refund or voucher, use of the equipment and methods she said, “You’ve got it. Your work bracelet is automatically logged onto every item you refund or tag as stolen or questionable. So we can quality check. Now it’s just about putting it all into practice so are you ready to start? You can work with me, or just observe, or you do it and I’ll check. But you have to leave in an hour because the boss said you’re on a two hour shift. He said you’d been sick and were still recovering and we were not to stress you. This job does nothing but stress you!”
“What do you mean I have to leave in an hour? I haven’t started work yet.”
Jenaya looked at me in surprise. “Training is part of the job. You started at nine. Before, really.”
I looked at her in relief. I had one hour to go in this maelstrom of deafening, negative emotions and I could escape. She was on. I would. We walked out and as I braced myself I said, “I learn by doing. How about you watch and I’ll do it?”
I could feel her relief as she agreed and I felt her tension rapidly increase as we walked into the room. I settled onto the chair as she stood beside me and I looked up at the first customer.
“I bought this and it’s incomplete,” he said showing me an electronic item I’d never seen before. I checked the purchase details and had started the refund process when Jenaya said softly, “You have to go through the packaging and check.”
“Why? He’s right.” The man poured out honesty, competence, annoyance and anxiety.
She looked at me, unsure what to do as I put the product on the conveyer belt labeled, ‘incomplete.’ I didn’t see the point in wasting time, especially given the long queues of disgruntled people.
“Refund or voucher?”
“Refund.” He beamed with relief as I processed it and as he left I looked up at the next customer. Wrong sized shoes and mail order so not his fault. Several easy cases later I turned to the young man on my other side reeling from a belligerent customer and said, “Look for impact damage.”
“What the &%#^ is it to do with you, you piece of trash?!!” He roared and I replied softly,
“You’re lying, I can tell. Don’t refund,” I said to the man beside me, “he threw it.”
“It didn’t work!” He yelled.
“You don’t get a refund if you damage goods. Next time read the instructions,” I said, “you don’t know how to use it.” He didn’t. The item was way above his intelligence level and I thought he knew that too.
I looked up as a Security man came in and wondered who had called for him and how he had got here so fast. The nearby customers all edged away from the angry man and looked like they were waiting to be entertained. The room was quiet except for the man and all work had stopped. The atmosphere in the room had completely changed to a mix of interest, impatience, amusement, anticipation and alarm. Alarm, and not from him?
“What is it this time?” The Security man asked in a resigned tone of voice as the customer said pointing to me, “This piece of trash says I’m lying. I’m suing him!!!”
“Good luck with that sir,” the Security man said with a grin. “Hullo Michel,” he said, “what’s the real story here?”
“He didn’t understand how to use it and smashed it.”
“Let’s have a look then. Checker?” And one of the other staff handed him something. The guard and the other staff member ran the little device around the electronic gizmo checking for something and the guard grunted, “glue and a fracture line. Impact damage. Repaired to cover up the damage. Attempted fraud by you sir and that is a crime. Are you coming quietly or do I stun you?”
I stared, fascinated as they eyeballed each other. The customer was bigger but the guard looked as if he would love a fight and was wearing a hopeful and confident smile. The room was silent as the other customers watched, well back.
The customer’s fists were balled but I could feel the humiliation, anger, frustration, guilt, increasing alarm bridging on fear and I knew he was going to back down. Pity. The security guy wasn’t the only one who would like to see him dealt to. Half the room would.
The now-under-custody customer stalked out followed by the guard and I watched as his purchase was labeled for evidence and went onto another conveyer belt. Now I knew how to do that too.
“How did security get here so fast?” I whispered to Jenaya.
“They’re in the next room. They get a lot of business from us,” she added wryly. She pointed to a red button under the counter. I nodded. Handy. “What was that gadget he used?”
“It checks for repairs, water damage, impact damage etc. A lot of people break things and try to cover that up and claim defective goods.”
“What will happen to him?”
“He will be charged on site with attempted fraud will probably accept a hefty fine to avoid a legal prosecution and a criminal record and will probably pay up and go quietly. He may be banned from the store and he made that more likely by threatening you, which he will also be charged for.”
Nice! I smiled as I realized I probably didn’t have to even participate in the charges as it was all on camera. I watched, learning, then went to serve the next customer. Wrongly colored item. The box said one color and the item was another. The customer wanted his money back. No problem. The following few customers had similar problems but the next one raised all my hackles. He oozed dishonesty and deceit as he began his story and I pressed the ‘security’ button. I didn’t believe a word and started to question him.
“Why is the account this item was charged to, not your account?” I guessed.
“It is my account!”
That was a lie and I felt his increasing fear. He was shocked and probably wondering how I detected that. Given that I hadn’t, and couldn’t, that was almost funny. I was enjoying this.
“This account is not on your data link. Why?”
“It is. That’s my account. I only have one and it’s mine!” He insisted as I felt the increasing alarm and fear from him. He looked behind and saw the approaching security guard; a different one. I felt his panic and watched as he made a run for it. He got out the door but he was on camera and wouldn’t get outside the building. The scanners had all his bracelet details. I’d just logged them and tagged him a probable thief. The guard didn’t even bother to chase him but came over to me.
“Hullo Michel. What did he do?”
Did all the security staff recognize me on sight I wondered?! “Stolen account I think.” I logged the information along with a rather valuable piece of technology and onto the evidence belt it went. According to what Jenaya had told me, he would be charged with theft if he couldn’t prove legal access to the account he had charged the goods to and I knew he couldn’t. He wouldn’t get out of that one with a fine.
The hour went fast and I was getting the hang of it but I was exhausted. I was always a fast learner but the headache didn’t help and the need to Shield was a problem. I couldn’t ‘read’ a client without including the client within the Shield and I wasn’t good at shielding anyway. I’d always chosen to leave a distressing situation.
I’d been taught to Shield by a Telepath, I guessed, and I’d always wondered if it had been my mother who originally taught me. But the problem was that if the Shield was tight around me I couldn’t ‘read’ anything. Not danger, intent, or emotion of any kind. Mine blocked both ways but I wondered if some shields blocked one way only. Now that would be handy. So I had to extend my Shield but that was a problem. Extending it was like keeping a ball bouncing. It took concentration and it exposed me to all the emotions of the people within it. It was hard to keep it small; it kept extending as I sensed something nagging me beyond it. I wondered if my usual senses picked up agitated body language from someone beyond my Shield and my Shield automatically extended. And then subjected me to all the emotions within. But I was blind without it. If there was only one or two people around there wasn’t a problem but this small room contained about fifty stressed people. It was one of the reasons why I’d lived alone so much of my life or with only a small group.
• • •
When I was about eight, I’d met an old woman who had tried to help me but she said I was lazy and stupid. She said I really needed to learn this but it hurt! It caused a headache and dizziness and nausea. But not for her and when I’d told her she didn’t believe me. I’d known four Telepaths so far in my life and all seemed to be very different. I realized that so why couldn’t she?
“It’s eleven am,” Jenaya prompted and I thankfully finished up this next client. Wrongly labeled goods and I didn’t bother to check. She’d checked thoroughly and was certain so why should I waste my time? I labeled them as such and put them on the conveyer after refunding her. I noticed I was much faster than the other staff and processed many times more people because I took so many shortcuts and I vaguely wondered if I was doing things right but it felt like I was and Jenaya felt like she also thought the shortcuts I was taking were right. The customer left with her refund; she was happy.
I left with relief and went up to the restaurant, got a coffee and sat in a corner, my Shield tight and protective around me but after a while I relaxed and dropped it. Until today, I’d had to make very little use of it for quite a while. After I felt better I went and got a meal and sat thinking about the morning. My headache was a dull throb, the nausea and dizziness had gone and my appetite had returned. I now had the choice of going back or not. I watched the time, sighed, and decided to return. I needed this job so badly.
The afternoon was fairly uneventful apart from the return of the headache but my practice of shielding was getting better and it wasn’t as bad. The nausea and dizziness weren’t as bad either. Maybe I could cope after all. Then I got to a customer who was terrified. So I wondered why and probed.
“There’s something wrong with these account details. One account seems superimposed,” I guessed.
“Oh, my husband might have bought it. I’ll ask him,” and she was off leaving the goods behind. I had her data bracelet details and tagged her a probable thief with a stolen account. The goods and details went on the other conveyer belt.
The afternoon wore on. Some people didn’t get refunds for various reasons but one woman was very annoyed.
“I bought this pump and it is defective. You can clearly see it couldn’t work. The outlet is blocked solid.”
“Yes madam you are right. I can see that. But it has been over six months since you bought it and it is too late. I am sorry but I can’t refund.”
“That’s not good enough.”
“Madam I’m sorry. You are right but I can’t refund and I agree it isn’t fair. You could go back to the store you bought it from and try to get a refund or exchange from them direct. I am really sorry but I can’t help you.”
She wandered away, annoyed and upset as Jenaya said, “Nicely handled. You defused her well and I like the way you sympathized with her and validated her feelings. You seem to be a natural at this. That’s another retail tactic; encourage people to buy a spare while they’re cheap. Good special in this case because of a manufacturing defect which I’d bet they knew about,” she added sarcastically, “and by the time the customer needs it, it’s out of refund time and guarantee.”
As I went to deal with the next customer/client, which should they be called I wondered? I glanced at the time. Another fifteen minutes of Hell to go.
I finally finished up and left. As I left, I passed a man and knew he had a stolen account. I turned and stared back at the man serving that queue. He finally looked up and I stared at the man and back at him. He nodded and I went on my way. I’d had enough.

Chapter Nine
As I got back to the Medical Centre, exhausted, I wondered how long they would let me stay here even though I was in a convalescent bed now and out of Critical Care. I was getting very fond of the luxuries like toilets that flushed, Cleaners, food I had only dreamed about, a bed with sheets and it was just for me and a room of my own. But I missed Danny. I lay on my bed.
After sleeping and eating, I logged onto the education icon and struggled through some of the lessons and whizzed through the math, learning stuff I didn’t know. I got to the end of it and realized two things; it was late and I had to work tomorrow and I had finished the curriculum for math at graduation level. I sent off the ‘finish’ message and asked for a booking to do my math exam. This would give me my first ‘graduation level’ pass. As I drifted off, I thought, then sent him another message asking what my next best subject was. I would go for that next. Then that would be ‘two down and four to go.’ Unfortunately, the next subject would be neither quick nor easy.
• • •
The next day I started at nine am again to find that the man I had tagged as a thief yesterday had been watched not apprehended, and they were watching for anyone else using those account details. This time I did better again at shielding but after two hours I’d had it. Wanting to ask some questions, I followed another staff member into the staff room. I felt that he had some sympathy for me and I wanted to ask some more questions but bother someone else this time. He was a bit older than me but friendly and laid back.
“Hi, I’m Michel,” I said.
“Warren. Thanks for the tip off yesterday. I’ll split the reward with you…if you last.”
“What reward?”
“One of the little perks of this job is you get a one percent reward for detecting fraud. That’s one percent of the money recovered. The catch is, you have to stay in the job for six months.”
“What about the stolen goods?”
“That’s different. For all returned goods, not just stolen goods, that you process, the goods go to the basement and you get first dibs of what you processed and we get second unless the store takes it back which they mostly don’t. If no one wants it, it’s destroyed.”
He grinned as I stood there with my mouth open. “Yeah it’s wasteful but usually the shops don’t want the bother and time taken to take stuff back and generally they don’t want it anyway. They can’t sell it as new. It’s mostly sale stuff they were clearing out. They don’t claim back any defective stuff. For that man yesterday we get fifty/fifty because I processed him but for the fraud and anything else we recover from that account in the future, it’s yours. But only if you stay six months. That’s why so many quit at six months. They stay just long enough to cash in. Others stay till they’ve set up their apartment with all free stuff or got out of debt.”
“So is that like a permanent six month delay?”
“No. You quit after six months and you get everything you recovered up to your last day. It’s a ploy to get us to stay six months.”
“It’ll work. How long have you been here?”
“Nine months. I’m saving for study.”
I sat down. “What do you want to study?”
“Oh I don’t know. My parents are always on my case. They say I have no ambition and I guess they’re right. My mother despairs; no wife, no kids, no ‘decent’ qualification. They booted me out of home once I reached 30, set me up in an apartment and I lost everything because I got robbed and I had no insurance. So I got a job here to get money and to get my apartment refurnished for nothing. The money’s so good I think I’ll stay but I dare not tell my parents that. This is a dead end job but it isn’t a bad job and I can take being yelled at and griped at.”
He could too. I’d noticed he never got upset; well not very. A very laid back type and older than he looked. Not very responsible, I’d judge and what an idiot not to have insurance. The no wife bit was a more understandable given that on all frontier worlds, men outnumbered women and this world was no exception. Women could afford to be fussy and take their time; they had plenty of choice.
“Where’s the Manager?”
“Off on a different shift again. We think he’s scared you’re after his job.”
“He’s got to be kidding. On second thoughts.” I said slowly, “Seriously, I could organize this lot better. A lot less stressful for everyone else.”
“Yeah? How?”
“It’s processing that takes the time. Checking the truth is the fast part. For me. If I did all the initial checks and then passed the refunds over to the rest of you… it’d be faster.”
“That would mean you got all the rewards.”
“Oh, I hadn’t thought about that.” I hadn’t either. “How about if we split the rewards evenly across the shift working at the time it was detected?” I had noticed the staff worked split shifts, left when they’d had enough, etc. I was still thinking, “I reckon I’d detect much more than you guys do. I’ve been noticing other fraudsters but it’s difficult for me to deal with more than one person at a time. How come staff walk out at different times? Are we just paid for when we’re working, or what we do?”
“Both. We are allowed to walk out but our hourly rate stops as we leave or if we spend more than one hour a shift hiding in here. When we are busy we can just decide to work extra, we don’t need any authorization and we’re always busy. It’s mayhem after major sales and we can work all the hours we want to so long as there are at least four of us here. We are allowed to work short shifts but we are supposed to complete a minimum of thirty hours a week unless we have a medical certificate, like you. We can work a maximum of seventy-five hours a week.”
“Who does that?”
“Gamblers. And people in lots of debt. Or cleaned out like me. You really can tell if people are lying?”
“Yes. The problem is in figuring what they are lying about. I’m not a Telepath so I have to ask questions.”
“And then you can sort out what they’re lying about. How accurate are you?”
“I can always tell if they’re lying about something. The problem is when truth and lies are mixed up.”
“What about little white lies?”
I sat and thought about how to answer that. “It’s like whispering or yelling. White lies are like whispers. They are often meant to avoid giving offence. The intent is often kind,” and then I realized what I’d said and added, thinking, “I think it’s the intent. That man yesterday it’s like he was yelling. His intent was to steal.” There was more than that. Some people felt evil but I wasn’t going to go into what else I could do.
“How long have you been able to do this?”
“I don’t know. All my life, I think. As long as I can remember.”
I watched as Warren got up and walked out and I heard some discussion. He walked back in.
“Stick around,” he said. “We’ve shut the doors. Staff meeting as soon as that lot are processed.”
I looked up, alarmed, “Who’s in charge with the manager gone?”
“Ivan has seniority but he won’t do it. But he wants the money for doing the job. So either I or Jenaya take over unofficially like. She’s a very bright kid and a quick decision maker while I calm people down. Paddy is the one who has been here much longer than any of us but no one likes him and we refused to accept him as shift leader. He’s here because no other job will have him. I heard he’s been ‘let go’ from an awful lot of jobs and been unemployed a lot.” Warren chuckled.
“One of my friends worked in a restaurant and he was a manager there but so many people left because of him that they encouraged him to leave due to ‘an inability to perform his job in a socially acceptable fashion.’ They held a celebration when he quit before he was fired. There’s no real harm in him but he’s sullen and can’t get on with people. He’s a brilliant chef, apparently, but unworkable with. He cooked what he wanted to and wouldn’t cook it the way diners wanted. And his sous-chefs had to do only what he said. They left in droves.”
I sat and snacked from the dispenser, thinking, the inevitable coffee in my hand; one of Terra’s best exports, coffee.
Finally, they were all there. I felt a mix of wariness, interest, hope, derision but they were all keen to hear what I had to say and take a break; about in equal portions. I wondered if ‘staff meetings’ were ‘work time.’
I noticed nobody bothered with introductions.
I outlined my idea and felt the shift of emotions to more positive but the sceptical one was unmoved. Probably the one no one could get on with.
“This is going to mean much more money for you and much less for us,” said an older man. Now I knew who the sceptic was. He did seem to lack people skills.
“It’s also going to take the worst part of the job away from us and we get the easy part,” cut in Jenaya. Her relief was obvious. She loved it. “I can think how to organize the office,” she added, “a central queue winding through the room to Michel in front and then splitting off to each of us through another queue. Like the ones we use when we have hardly any staff working. Let’s try it.”
“Do we need the Manager’s approval first?” I asked. “I don’t want to get sacked on his return.”
“He wouldn’t dare sack you,” said the derisive one.
“All the same. Can we do this without anyone getting anyone into trouble?” I asked, “Like me?”
“We’ve re-organized things before,” said Jenaya. He won’t mind if it makes no difference and he will love it if we detect more fraud. It won’t hurt to try. But you’re over your two hour limit Michel. Take a two hour break and we’ll be all ready to try it.”
“I suggest we don’t collar the thieves but tag them instead. They’ll lead us to others and maybe back to the ring leaders,” said the derisive one.
I looked at him, thinking. “Then we should tip off security now.”
“I’ll do that.” I felt his eagerness to get some credit here but who cared? Not me.
“You all know me, what are your names?”
“Paddy,” the derisive older man with a bad attitude and a love of the job because he liked refusing people. The abuse sometimes amused him if it wasn’t too bad but he got stressed too. I wondered how long he had been here. Perfect personality for the job sometimes but I wondered how many complaints got made about him.
“I’m Ivan.” A gambler, I knew. Middle aged, smaller than me, nervous, hated conflict, hated his job but I presumed he did it because of the money that he could then gamble? I wondered about debt. He was still gambling, I could feel the craving.
“Poquell.” She was the cute little black skinned one with a mischievous smile. “I’m a student, working part time on holidays, weekends, all the unsocial times.” She wasn’t keen on the abuse but managed it well I’d noticed.
“What are you studying?”
Mainly math, physics. Boring stuff like that.”
“Math is one of my leisure activities.”
She looked at me with sharp interest, initially thinking I was being sarcastic but then she said, “You play those Math games?”
“Yes.”
“Which ones?”
“The mixed ones mainly.”
“I play the standard ones.”
I nodded. Conventional math. I preferred the ones that switched between different types of math as well and tested how fast you reacted to the changes. Cool fun.
• • •
After a two hour break in my usual haunt of the restaurant, I braced myself and returned to work. Paddy was out in front with a single queue winding through the room to him but he was clearly stressed and as much as I knew he didn’t like me, the relief on his face was obvious as were his feelings. He made way for me and I included just my current customer in my Shield. I passed most of them on within seconds, sometimes so fast that the queue was continually in forward motion and I noticed that the mood of the room was better. They were happy to be moving, I surmised.
The shift went smoothly as most of the customers had a genuine complaint (as Jenaya had explained) and had fallen prey to sales ploys. But spread throughout were others, those who had changed their minds, bought the wrong thing, spent too much and wanted their money back, broken things, couldn’t use it etc and I tagged the ones I thought had stolen accounts. All of those ones wanted vouchers and all went away thinking they had got away with it. They were in for a change of job, scenery and career prospects. Whether or not their guilt was proven, and I thought it would be, it would be interesting to see who spent the vouchers. Was their job to get vouchers for themselves or for a ringleader? Two hours later Jenaya said, “That’s your time up,” and started dismantling the front queue. I looked at her in consternation as she gestured me into the staff room. Warren joined us.
“I thought that was going well,” I said, dismayed.
“It did but no one can do it when you’re gone. Paddy hated the pressure. He’s used to working at his own speed and he was way too slow to keep the rest of us going. You process them so fast it’s not possible for the rest of us to keep up with you!”
“Oh,” I said, embarrassed. I hadn’t thought of that!
“Do you want to know how that went?” Jenaya asked.
Seeing me nod she said, “We processed nearly four times as many customers and fifteen thieves, you thought, of whom eight have already been confirmed as having ‘suspicious’ accounts. Security are loving this! Suspicious meaning that they were business, not private accounts and all these people bought what looked like private goods. Did you realize you were passing on a customer, on average, every nine seconds and then we were taking less than fifty seconds to process their refunds. That’s for the honest ones. On average because some were slow to move on, slow to decide whether they wanted a credit or refund and some wanted to chat!”
“How long does it usually take?”
“Often minutes for each customer. And one of the staff in the basement did a quality check and found a one hundred percent accuracy of your work, so far, of what we were able to check.”
I looked at her shocked and hurt, “You’re checking up on me? Why?”
She looked at me in surprise, “They check all of us. Sorry, I should have told you. I thought I did. A percentage of our work is checked. All of yours since you are new. All of it will be checked now since we are using a new method and anything new has to be checked. They also randomly check to ensure we’re not in the pay of the gangs and letting illegal stuff through. That’s why we get a percentage of the fraud we discover; to encourage us not to be tempted. It’s also why we need a clean criminal record to be able to work here.”
I tried to let my expression stay neutral. With great difficulty! I had spent my life engaged in criminal behavior! It was how I lived! It was legal jobs that were a rarity! I hadn’t thought of that. But I’d had no convictions. However what I couldn’t show was ‘a visible means of support.’ Which was why most people from Shantytown had no show of a legal job. The recruiting Officer hadn’t asked me that. For the first time I wondered why. Were they setting me up? Was it because of who I was? Would anyone else have had to have shown a means of support? But I’d had the black bracelet which showed an allowance was coming in. Was it that or who I was? But Warren was talking.
“We are delighted and happy. It has gone better than all of us anticipated and it is so much easier to just refund. You’ve taken all the stress out of the job for us and now we just do the easy bit while you deal with all the rejected claims. I’ve never enjoyed such a stress free two hours. I’m very glad you’re here and I hope you’ll stay. For my part, you’ll earn every bit of your bonuses.” Warren was beaming and he meant all of that. “And if you are of a mind to scrounge, I’ll take you downstairs.”
I was tired but I wanted to see. “OK. I would like that.”
He lead me down to the basement and then we used our bracelets to get the rest of the way through six scan pads. I still was not used to them opening for me! We walked out into a warehouse of robots, sorting the goods as they came down the chutes. I wandered around, stunned at the quantity of rejected goods that were going to be destroyed. Warren picked up some bags and said, “you can tag goods you want as you go. Not sure how that will work with our new system since normally one person does the whole transaction” He thought. “I’ll get Poquell to work out a tag for you. She’s good at the technical stuff and works the same shift as you.”
“Ah. Which shift is that?”
“The manager put you on the shift that starts midweek and goes through the weekend. Every new person starts on that. It is higher pay. If you don’t like it, just wait till some new staff start and when several do you can swap to whichever shift you want. For some unfathomable reason, everyone wants to work with you and those of us that are already on this shift get priority.”
I smiled; nice to be popular. I wandered around and realized I could get a flat and set it up virtually from here. There was also furniture here. “How does furniture get refunded?”
“Large items that can’t be carried are picked up at the person’s home and brought in another way. There aren’t all that many since the customer has to pay a fee. It’s usually change of mind. The shops have to process that while we do all the stuff that can be carried. Most people don’t bother. The exception is when the shop delivers the wrong item.”
“But can’t the shop just take it back and swap it?”
“Yes, but if it’s a sale item and the shop is clearing out stock they don’t want it back. And some of this stuff is swaps. New furniture is delivered and most of this stuff is the old stuff the shops take away for free.”
I looked around, stunned. Most of it looked new but as I looked closer I could see small stains and other signs of use on some of it but most of it looked new to me. A problem with Cleaners was that while they could clean, they couldn’t remove some stains and of course they couldn’t fix damage. As I moved into the sector for larger items, Warren was watching my face.
“I see a fellow scrounger. It’s one of the things I love about this job. I’m a bit of a hoarder myself. I keep telling myself when I get something new I have to chuck out the old one but I don’t.”
I would. This was like being in a treasure cave but I had nowhere to put anything I scrounged.
“Anything you need?”
“Everything!” I noticed Warren was enjoying this.
“Priorities?”
“Clothes.”
“Over here.”
We walked over to another section. It was full of men’s clothes and sorted into types of clothing, colors and sizes! “Why is it sorted if it’s going to be thrown out?”
“Someone programmed that in. A fellow scrounger probably. It’s no bother to a robot and there’s plenty of room here.”
He wandered off as I started going through the clothes, all sorted into sizes and types. I found everything I needed in a matter of minutes (except for shoes because I hadn’t the energy to try anything on). I turned around to see Warren with a carrier. I carefully folded everything into it.
“Easier than shopping isn’t it?” he said. “Like having a shop that just caters to your size. Of course some of the staff wouldn’t be seen dead down here. Or they sneak down. Me, it’s fun and so easy on the bank balance. And I never see the point of paying for it if I can get it free. But why do you need to shop here? For that matter, why do you need a job?”
I looked at him in puzzlement. “I need to support myself and if I didn’t have a job what would I do?” I was wondering why he was so flabbergasted at that. It was partly true but I couldn’t tell him the real reason.
As we left, he picked up another carrier filled with snack food and said, “This is why the food in the dispenser is free. It comes from here. Most of it is out of date, some is returns, some is overstocking. Check the expiry date of everything before you eat it and bin it if it tastes funny or off. Other than that have fun. I eat breakfast and lunch on the job. No one minds me eating so much because I’m the main supplier.”
I shook my head in wonder. Now I could snack on the job with a clear conscience and I put a note in my memory to assist him with provisioning the snack bar since I would probably exceed his consumption. I noticed he had added beverages too and some was coffee. I knew some people were very fussy about their coffee and I knew it had an expiry date and the tasts deteriorated with age and/or poor storage. I had never cared. Coffee was coffee to me and the occasional fresh cup, like I was getting now was nectar of the Gods. My opinion of Warren’s adaptiveness continued to rise. I had never thought to look for food here. This would be useful and save my pay packet but I was too tired to look now and I didn’t want to hold him up.
• • •
Back in my room, I lay down pooped as usual. How long would this debilitating fatigue last for? I was heartily sick of it! But another side of me was elated. I could do the job, it was becoming easier to do, I was faster and much more efficient than the others. Surely, when all this collapsed, they would let me keep this job and if they did I would promise to stay. The scrounging would be worth more than the pay. I could keep my family and furnish a flat and eat from the basement.
I slept, waking with a little energy. A little guilty at the energy cost, I put all my new (recycled) clothes through the cleaner and repacked them. I now had three pairs of underpants, ten shirts, three jerseys, a decent jacket, a dress jacket, three more pairs of sox, a very nice belt, three more pairs of trousers, four undershirts, and a pair of slippers to wear here in the hospital. More clothes than I had ever had in my life! Tomorrow I would have to go back for some shoes. Mine had had it some time ago. Just as well I wasn’t outside. They leaked. But the splits in the sole weren’t visible and so long as I kept them clean, no one noticed what a state of decrepitude they were in.
I logged on to my education icon and started again. Mr. Patel had recommended ‘keyboard’ as my next subject to concentrate on and he had reluctantly agreed when I sent the message that I wanted just to do one subject at a time, pass it, then move onto the next. My progress was jerky as some things I caught onto quickly and some things I got bogged down in. I was able to do extra study in some aspects but I tried to do only what I had to do at this stage. As he had recommended, I flagged things I was interested in learning more of with all the links and saved them under ‘when time permits.’ I wondered when that would be. I was scheduled to take my math exam on the afternoon of my second day off.
I sat there thinking guilty thoughts and then reluctantly got up and went looking for the staffroom and the nurse in charge. I waited patiently while he finished talking to another nurse and as he turned to me I said, “how long am I allowed to stay here? Shouldn’t I be discharged or something?”
“Well,” he said with an equal mix of truth and white lies, “by our discharge standards you can stay a bit longer because you have been very sick and…” he floundered.
“I have no place safe to go? Is my father’s address on my records?”
“Yes,” he said reluctantly.
“Well I won’t be going there.”
“Yeah, we’d kind of got that impression. Where were you thinking of going? You do know you will either have to live somewhere…well guarded, or…”
I looked at him, appalled as the implications of who I was now supposed to be rammed home and the dangers implicit in that felt crushing. I had never thought of that. Now, until this fraud was discovered, I would have all the disadvantages of being super rich with few of the advantages; like actually being rich! I needed to think this through, I was too tired for this. I turned away as he said,
“Your Dad owns this hospital and you’re just in a convalescent bed now. It’s not a problem, you can stay as long as you need to and the doctors are real keen to study this K fever you’ve had and keep checking for any complications. Unpleasant consequences,” he added as I must have looked as confused as I felt. I went to bed.
<Jay. Got a minute?>
<Yes love>
The computer screen opened in my mind and I read through as she scrolled it down for me. This didn’t make sense and I read through it again and again before I spotted it. <They’re claiming too much. The figures don’t fit. Third page line 5 doesn’t match with fifth page line 3>
<Thanks. I couldn’t find it>
<The property value doesn’t look right either>
<Ta, I thought so too>
I felt her zone out. Why did she always leave things to the last minute? She got these books done just before the deadlines and she did it all the time. Although she never told me exactly what she did it hadn’t taken me long to figure it out. I reckoned, probably along with other work, she checked the books for people who were looking to buy businesses. And thanks to both of us a lot of grateful people weren’t duped into buying a ‘drowning concern’ advertised as a ‘going concern.’ But there was another bit to this too. She paid me! Every month, always something was deposited into my account but the account it came in from a was a dummy so I couldn’t find her that way. That was where most of our food concentrates came from. And sometimes, I knew I was only confirming what she had already found, or I was sharpening up the math. I thought she ensured she had an excuse to pay me every month but it had been a life saver so often when I went days and days with no work. Sharelle often thought I was working when instead, I was luxuriating with a coffee in the library, reading and relaxing and then coming home a few days later with money. Everyone was happy.
• • •
The next day went well but I was preoccupied. Tomorrow I would go to see if Sharelle had left ‘my’ home and see Danny. I suddenly realized I could get things for him too. For nothing! So long as no one saw me. Warren said he usually took a carrier down with him and I now had the one he had scrounged for me so no one would see. I could tuck Danny’s stuff underneath so no one would know about him.
That night I was handed a letter when I got back to the hospital. It was addressed to me at my father’s address! I opened it and read it, delighted. It was my work contract, conditions of work, wages etc. I read in delight of the wages again, real focused on that and read through quickly till I finally found the wonderful words, “Your first pay is on.” It was nearly four weeks away and my pay was monthly. Again I shelved the thoughts of a flat. A bond on a small flat would be nearly a month’s pay.
And that made me consider something else. Regularly, every week, an allowance was being deposited into my account by my father and I wanted it to stop! I had faced the fact that he was paying for all my medical expenses, my daily visits to the restaurants etc. I did not want to be beholden to this man who was not my father but I knew I was being childish too. I seemed to have few options here. I didn’t know what to do. I was a prime candidate for kidnappers, assassins and the media. The latter had been having a great time with me and that was with heavily restricted access because I was a minor. Another thing I had a problem with. Again I shelved it. I had a place to stay and I would stay here until I thought of something. Could I flat with some of his security guards? I liked some of them. It was a thought, quite a good thought actually.

Chapter Ten
The next morning I left, reveling in the free transport. Off to see Danny. Off to what used to be my home, but my standards were now different. I was earning enough money to get an apartment but I had planned to start with a room and on line, had found a cheap one nearby. Not knowing what to do about the security problem, I had decided to ignore it and file it as ‘his problem, not mine.’ Soon, I would be earning enough money to pay a weeks rent and I could save up for a bond on an apartment. In two pays I could move in to an apartment of my own and then furnish it for nothing. I was scheming as to how I could get Marcene and Danny out of Shantytown so they could move in with me but without giving Sharelle access. I thought Marcene would agree to that but convincing Danny would be a problem. He adored his beautiful mother. But she would rob me blind and no way did I want her boyfriends there. I was heartily sick of her kicking me out of what was my home not hers.
I entered Shantytown and went directly home to find Marcene there, alone and broadcasting fear.
“Where’s Danny?”
“Sharelle took him. Jay I’m frightened. She wouldn’t tell me where she was going and Danny was scared. He didn’t want to go with her.”
My spine felt like icy water had been poured over it and I shuddered. <Danny!!> I screamed. No answer.
I started to leave, feeling the fear and apprehension of Marcene fuelling my own fears.
“Check the orphanages. She might have sold him.”
“When did this happen?”
“Last night. I had no money on my bracelet.”
Which meant she couldn’t use her phone and she didn’t know my new number. Later. I ran, but quickly had to stop from exhaustion. I leaned on a shanty and tried to think. Sharelle knew she could just leave him with Marcene and me and we would care for him so this was sinister. Something bad had happened and she hadn’t been able to completely Shield her intentions. The fact that Danny hadn’t wanted to go with her was the most frightening aspect. Wherever she was taking him, my little Danny didn’t want to go. So why?
Worst case scenario was selling him. She could have sold him to anyone. The highest bidder probably. I leaned on another building, panting, and tried to use my brain. Where would she get the best price for Danny? She’d come and collected him so it hadn’t been an impulse offer from someone who had seen him around. Sex traders? I shuddered that my little son might get worse than I had because he couldn’t defend himself the way I could. But surely not even Sharelle would do that. If she had, I had no chance of finding him.
Adoption to a rich family? Who would offer that? I started to move. There was a lot of talk in Shantytown. I would go to the orphanages which handled the sale of incubator babies. I would take a taxi it would save time. It would soon empty my balance but if I didn’t find Danny fast I never would. Belatedly, I realized I could afford it, I had money in my account. I kept forgetting little things like that I now had money in a bank account and a job and would soon get one of those wonderful monthly happenings called a pay day. And that bloody unwanted-but-needed allowance kept going in weekly.
Frustrated that I couldn’t run, I called the first cab I had ever called in my life and caught it outside the gates. Taxi drivers were a wealth of information I’d heard and were rumoured to know where everything in a city was, legal or otherwise.
“Where to sir?”
“I’m looking for a child, a toddler (well Danny was small), whose mother might have put him up for adoption or sold him. He was taken last night.
He obviously caught the panic and anguish I was feeling and looked at me sharply, “A pretty child? A girl?”
“A boy but yes, very good looking.”
“Intelligent? Smart?”
“Yes.”
He started to drive, “there’s several possibilities sir, depending whether the mother was after money or a good life for her child. Or both. We’ll try the nearest first,” he said.
I noticed he was driving just within the speed limit but wasting no time. A few minutes later he pulled up outside a building and I saw ‘Second Chance Orphanage, General. I ran in and quickly roamed through the small building yelling <Danny!!> Not here. I ran back to the taxi puffing.
“He’s not there.” He was driving as I closed the door,
“The next one is mostly incubator babies.”
“What was that last one?”
“General. Means babies and children, mainly orphan or abandoned, some confiscated by Child Services and put up for adoption.”
“Oh.” We were now travelling into the better parts of town and he pulled up at another Orphanage. “This is the other one. There are only two. Most of these are incubator babies or very young children given up for adoption or removed by “Child Services.”
I ran in but again I quickly determined he wasn’t here. Horrified, I ran back to the taxi in agony. If he had already been adopted privately, I would never find him.
“Are you Michel Bannerman?”
Shit! How come everyone knew who I was? “Yes.” He was already driving.
“Does he have any special abilities? Like Telepathy? See, I noticed sir that you were awfully fast and you didn’t ask any questions. I know where the offices are and you didn’t go there. I’m thinking you’re both Telepaths maybe?”
I was too desperate to lie and he was too smart to be fooled if I tried to. “He is, I’m not. He can hear me calling him but I have to be close by.”
“Well sir I know another place that’s not so well known. A bit shady like at times I’ve heard. Kind of medical and psychological studies. Supposed to be legit but I’ve heard some of it is not. I’ve heard they buy ‘orphans.’ The right type of orphans for a lot of medical and psychological experiments and for adoption. Psi is a particular favorite especially because no one knows much about it, how it is inherited, if it is, what causes it etc.”
I felt that icy cold river down my spine again. Sharelle knew he was a Telepath. She knew we ‘talked’ to each other and the giveaway had been that when he was a baby I had always known why he was crying and Danny always knew when I was coming home. I knew she didn’t like it. Nor did she like that I could always soothe him when he was a baby and he totally trusted me but not her.
“Could she have sold him there?”
“Yes, she could have.” Of course she could have and she’d fling it in my face. She had never loved Danny like I did. Her strange son, she called him. But mostly he wasn’t. That wasn’t fair.
We pulled up outside, ‘Children’s Medical Centre’ and I ran in. This place was much bigger. <Danny!!> I yelled as I ran through the corridors and heard <Daddy!!> I swerved around a corner as I sensed he was near and he popped into the corridor and then jumped straight into my arms from at least twenty feet away. Oh my God he could Teleport! And into the corridor were coming a lot of people. I felt his fear and relief but I was quickly being approached from both sides as an alarm went off.
Panicking, I looked around and ran into a toilet. I sat down and braced my legs against the toilet to stop the door opening. It opened inwards, luckily. Now what? I didn’t know what to do as I heard them call for police and accuse me of kidnapping. They were ordering me to come out or else. My phone sounded. It was the taxi icon.
“Are you in trouble sir? Have you found him?”
“Yes to both. What can I do?”
“Call your father sir. Now!”
Jed looked down as his phone alarm went. The red light was flashing under the picture of the son who had never called him despite being pointedly shown how now his bracelet was continually in credit. Several times pointedly shown how.
“What’s wrong?”
“Dad I need help. Now. Please help me. Please.”
Jed winced at the fear and agony he heard in his child’s voice and he was moving, yelling at his staff to, “find Michel, get the nearest man there and hold the situation till I get there. Move!!” His staff moved at the urgency expressed in somewhat higher volume than was customary. It was the first time his son had ever called him ‘Dad’ he realized sadly as he ran.
• • •
Only a few minutes passed before I heard the pounding of boots and someone knocked on the door. I heard other voices apparently telling the newcomer to get me out of there. Fat chance.
“You in there Michel?” He puffed. “I’m one of your father’s Security people.”
“Yes.”
“Good move kid. Stay there. Don’t open the door till your father gets here. He’s on the way. Won’t be long. I’ll stop them getting to you.”
I grinned as I heard the indignant voices. Of all the things I had expected to happen in the next few minutes that wasn’t it. But there were now going to be some serious repercussions.
Danny was quiet, his eyes round in fright and his arms tightly around my neck. He clung.
“It’s OK Danny,” I tried to reassure him. “I called for help and it’s coming.”
“He said ‘your father.’ Whose father?”
“Mine.”
“You told me you didn’t have one.”
“I didn’t know he was alive. I got lost when I was about your age.”
“What’s he like?”
“Don’t know him very well. But he said he’d help if I needed help and it looks like he’s coming.”
“Will he be mad at you?”
“Oh you have no idea. I’m for it. You’re about to see your Daddy ticked off by his Daddy.” I smiled down at Danny who was obviously struggling with that concept.
Several minutes passed before I heard the man who said he was my father saying, “You can come out now, Michel.”
His expression turned from stern to puzzled as I walked out, Danny clinging to me. My father was there, four of his security guards but not Cam; all men. Plus another man in fine clothes.
“They say you’re trying to kidnap this child. What’s going on?” Asked my father.
“He’s my son! He’s mine! They’re the kidnappers!”
“Your son?” Asked my father sounding shocked. Not surprising.
“Can you prove it?” Asked the man in the rich clothes.
“No.”
I looked around. All of them were looking at me in astonishment.
“Who are you?” I asked him.
“One of your father’s lawyers.”
“When you said you were in trouble, I assumed you needed a lawyer,” my father commented dryly.
“The boy’s mother signed him over to us,” one of the men in the medical centre protested. “She said he didn’t have a father.”
Danny turned around and looked up at the man, “I told you I do have a Daddy!”
There was a gasp and I looked around. My father had moved forward and was staring at Danny. Danny noticed and stared back. The two were only inches apart. Slowly, a smile grew on Danny’s face. I felt awe, shock and wonder coming from my father, and pain. Why the pain?
“What’s your name poppet?”
“I’m Danny.”
“And how old are you?”
“I’m nearly four.”
My father looked at me accusingly and said, “And how old are you?”
I looked back in astonishment at such a stupid and irrelevant question. “I didn’t know that! I thought I was nineteen or twenty.”
“You’re seventeen! Just turned seventeen!” He reminded me.
I heard helpless splutters behind me and turned back to see the security guards, three of them, laughing. The two that looked like brothers were laughing so hard they couldn’t stand up straight. What was so funny? I was baffled.
Jed glared at his security staff then at Duke, his Chief of Security, a man he knew to have a deficient sense of humor and who was trying very hard to control his laughter. He was failing. And his lawyer was spluttering with laughter too. Jed shook his head in disgust. “Let’s go,” he said and led the way.
At the door, some of the medical centre staff looked as if they were going to do something but my father barged straight through them and I followed, surrounded by the still laughing security men, heading into a huge car. I belatedly looked for the taxi driver and he waved as he drove off. I checked my balance. Somewhat depleted but my Danny was worth a lot more than that and I was very grateful for his quick thinking especially given I had been in such a panic I couldn’t think.
Danny looked around in awe. He’d never been in a car before.
“Why is your Daddy mad at you?” Danny whispered.
“Because I got into trouble and I interrupted his work,” I said and then looked around as that seemed to set the guards off again. I heard my father sigh,
“Michel,” he said, “what is the age of consent?”
“Ah, yeah, varies I’ve heard. Sixteen or eighteen, sixteen here.
“How good is your math?”
“Oh yeah. I guess we were a bit quick off the mark. They don’t worry about things like that where I come from.”
“So where is his mother? And how old is she? What’s her name?”
“Sharelle. She’s twenty. I don’t know where she is. She kicked me out again.”
Danny decided to join the conversation, “She went to live with Steven. Nana doesn’t like him. He didn’t want me. Nana was crying and I was crying and Mummy got mad at us. Mummy said she was taking me somewhere I would have a better life but I didn’t like it there,” <and she was lying>.
“You belong with me,” I said softly, “and my father will ensure I keep you.” I looked at my father and saw and felt his concurrence as our eyes met. Whatever he disagreed with I knew he would do that. I knew it. He was determined to help me but there was something else. He was determined to show me that I could trust him and I could feel his yearning for Danny.
I looked around. Danny was clinging to me and shivering. “Can I borrow a jacket?” I asked. “Danny’s shivering.”
“Here,” my father said and handed over his jacket. I wrapped Danny up in it and cradled him in my arms.
<What’s wrong?>
<Why does he call you Michel?>
<It’s my real name; the name I have now>
<Where are we going?>
<I don’t know.>
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“To the Registry Office to get Danny registered and get him a bracelet.”
Danny peeped out from under the jacket, “I get a bracelet?”
“Yes,” my father replied.
“But I can’t prove he’s mine.”
“It doesn’t matter,” the lawyer said. “We’ll get him an interim registration and then use genetic testing to prove it. If his mother has signed him over you have the right to reclaim him and ninety days grace to prove your claim. The ninety days starts from today. You didn’t really have the right to take him but all charges will be dropped if the claim is proved to be true and any money paid for him is refunded.” The lawyer glanced at my father. “I suggest we achieve all that with great haste. If his mother finds out who Michel is…”
“Yes, I’m ahead of you there. We will.”
<What’s happening?>
<I’m not sure love but this lawyer seems to know what to do so you can stay with me.>
“Michel,” my father said, “you are going to have to trust me and my lawyer, do as we say and agree to what we tell you to do and say.”
“I’ll do anything you say. I’ll agree to anything. Just help me keep my son.”
We drove in silence for several minutes coming to a building that ominously said ‘Supreme Court.’ My heart beat must have tripled as we came to a halt, my mouth went dry and I felt sick and dizzy.
<What’s wrong?>
<I really don’t like where we’re going but we have to trust my father.>
Frightened, Danny started to cry and I tried to soothe him somewhat unsuccessfully as he rightly didn’t believe a word I said. I was aware my father and his lawyer were rapidly conferring but I kept out of it figuring I was way out of my depth here and I was otherwise occupied with both me and Danny having a duet of panic attacks.
We got out. Danny peeped out from under the jacket and his fright increased as he saw Police and upped a few more notches as he felt the sheer terror from me as I found myself blindly walking into a building I had been avoiding and fearing all my life. I had never expected to walk in here voluntarily but I had thought I would probably end up here one day. The alarms sounded as we passed them and the guards here reacted with impressive speed, surrounding us. Wryly, I wondered why, given we were walking in. I wondered if the alarm was because Danny didn’t have a bracelet or because mine had already been tagged. Probably both. We were directed into a room and it was all I could do to handle myself and Danny as my father’s lawyer explained the situation, the claim, and a request for an interim registration for Danny.
The man who seemed to be in charge said to me, “The orphanage has made a very generous offer. They have agreed to drop all charges if you hand Danny over now.”
“No. Never!” I said as Danny wailed in fright and clung to me.
Dimly, I heard my father’s lawyer claim I was employed in a full time, permanent job, was well able to support Danny, had a permanent address (news to me!) and that my father supported me and went guarantor for me. I wasn’t sure what that latter meant.
I zoned in and out as the man in charge read me the charges against me, told me the penalty (slave labor for life wherever the court decided) and read me a spiel of rights, obligations and restrictions. I heard that both Danny and I were confined to the Bantalmid building until this was proved one way or another and that all charges would probably be dropped if my paternity claim was proven. Probably?? My fear reaction was at the top of the meter so I couldn’t be more frightened than I was already was. I tried to concentrate on what was going on with a brain so panicked I kept losing the plot.
Danny and I were directed over to another desk where my father and his lawyer were. I wondered what all this would cost if I was paying (was I paying?) as I watched them making decisions for Danny and me.
“Last chance to get out of this,” my father said, “are you certain he’s yours?”
“Yes.”
“What color eyes has his mother got?”
“Brown.” What did that have to do with it?
“Do you know what color eyes her parents had?”
I was totally confused, “Brown, both of them, why?”
“Look up Mendel, genetics, one day.” My father grunted as he directed me to look at the screen. “Check it carefully. Add his date and place of birth. You’re liable if anything is wrong. Take your time. Trust me for the historical stuff, the genealogy.”
I read through the information that was going into the microchip on my son’s bracelet. Immediately, I saw an error. “You’ve put my surname not Sharelle’s.”
The lawyer answered, “She relinquished custody. It’s not only your choice now but the first person to register a child can also choose. The mother may contest later but she can’t contest under these circumstances.”
“Oh.” I could understand this. I knew my mother would have had to agree to my surname being my father’s. That custom was Terran but on other planets, anything could happen. Often the most important or influential surname was taken and children could decide for themselves at varying ages on different planets.
I read to the end and read back again, checking it carefully. Trying, to check it carefully. My concentration was abysmal due to my panicked state and I had to continually re-read something. I added in details then reread it again carefully. I concentrated on the facts I knew. ‘Medical’ was blank and flashing red. The alert stated he hadn’t had any inoculations. ‘Dental’ was also blank. More I would have to think about later. I declared it as correct and watched as the information was transferred. They handed me a black bracelet for my son! Danny was watching, not sure what was going on. I turned to him and said, “Which hand Danny?”
With an ear to ear smile, Danny shot up his left hand and I fastened the bracelet onto my little lefty. I was left handed too. I would explain later that he needed to switch it over to use it…
Danny and I stared at it, transfixed with delight. He knew exactly the significance of this. He knew he was now legal. A citizen. Entitled to free education, free medical care, free transport and he also knew he now had rights. The reverse of what he had had before. Whatever happened now, Danny’s life would be better. Once registered, the State was responsible for him if this all went pear shaped and no way would he ever be sold or given back to those freak scientists. I wasn’t too sure about my future but my son’s was assured.
“I can go to school now?”
“Yes Danny. You can go to school now.” I watched as Danny delightedly waved his hand around, showing everyone his bracelet.
• • •
“Hey! You said Michel was arrested for kidnapping a kid? He’s got the kid! Look!”
The security guards looked in amazement and amusement as they watched the monitors and saw Michel, his father and the others get out of the car in the basement, Michel clearly cradling a child in his arms.
“The kid’s wrapped up in the boss’s jacket,” chortled one.
“The kid’s got a kid?” Chuckled another, “Does this mean we get more overtime? My husband’s getting all these expensive ideas as to how WE can spend all MY money on what HE wants!
• • •
We entered the Security office and I sat down in a corner. I shrank my Shield down to contain just us two. I shook and shook. I was vaguely aware of people talking around me and Danny trying to comfort me but I had reached my limit. I felt Danny ease away, upset, as I tried to control myself.
• • •
Jed looked down at a tug on his trousers and into the worried face of his grandson. His grandson!
“Daddy’s crying,” whispered Danny his eyes large with fright and concern.
Jed looked down at his son whose head was down but he could see his shoulders shaking. He walked over and put his hand on Michel’s shoulder but felt his son jerk away from him. He handed him a tissue and watched, helpless as his son refused any comfort from him. What could he do?
“You’ll have to move into my place. I’ll get your gear sent up from the medical Centre.” Jed watched as his son wordlessly gathered up Danny and they started up to the penthouses.
Jed watched his son, worrying, wondering. Why didn’t Michel remember him or any part of his early life? As they walked into the opulent apartment, Michel’s expression didn’t change. Jed steered them into a room that Michel recognized from adds as a bedroom.
“This was your room. Well, you’ve never seen the room because we didn’t live here then but it has all your stuff in it. I thought you might like this to be Danny’s bedroom.”
I put Danny down and he clung to me looking around, puzzled.
<What does he mean? My bedroom.>
<Rich people have a room each. Just to sleep in.>
<I don’t wanna be alone>
“Danny’s never had a room of his own. He’s only known a one room home. I’ll stay here with him.” I felt Danny’s relief and my father’s protest, silenced, but he was perturbed and puzzled.
“Alright. I’ll get the men to move another bed in.”
“This one’s big enough for both of us.” I felt Danny’s protest die with relief. His relief and mine. I didn’t want to be alone either. I wanted Danny with me, just like usual. Danny had always slept with me or, if I was having fun with Sharelle, with Marcene. That meant he almost always slept with me!
“But this is just a kid’s bed. How about I move a bigger bed in?”
“This will do.” What was he on about? This bed was about three feet by six feet and a lot bigger than what I was used to.
Jed walked over and opened a door, “This is your bathroom.”
I looked at it in consternation. I had hoped we would be undisturbed and now people would be coming through our room to the bathroom. Why would the bathroom be accessed via a bedroom? And then I registered what he’d said. ‘Your bathroom’ not ‘the bathroom.’ Was it an ensuite?
“Is this an ensuite?”
“Yes.”
“Just for Danny and me?”
“Yes.”
I could feel the understanding in my father’s mind. And the sadness.
“You’ve had an ensuite before you know.”
“I don’t remember.”
“Are you hungry.”
“No.”
“Yes!” Piped up a little voice beside me.
I smiled. Danny never turned down food and usually neither did I. My guts were still tied up in a painful knot but it appeared Danny’s had disentangled.
My father smiled at Danny’s enthusiasm and said, “I’ll get lunch organized,” as he walked off.
Danny started to look around the room. “Can I play with these?” he whispered pointing to some toys.
I got them down for him and he looked in awe and I looked in puzzlement. I knew how to use them although they were old. I switched the pad on and got it working for Danny realizing that although it was only a toy, it could still get on the net. I loaded a math game, which I had taught Danny, and watched as he enthusiastically started to play.
With a small child’s concentration, he soon switched focus and I started to show him how to load other games but he brushed me off with his usual,
“I do it!”
I looked around the room, recognizing nothing but it all was familiar. Weird! Yet when he had told me this was all mine he had been telling the truth and I knew how to use these toys. I shrugged it off. For most people, around four was when the memories began or slightly before so I guessed I was normal but I should recognize his face and voice. I wondered if he had pictures and looked around spotting a hologram. I switched it on and the images scrolled through, my mother and me and a younger him.
My mother. I sat in shock, tears streaming down my face as I looked at my mother; the face I remember the face I dream about, whose voice I still hear in my dreams. My mother. My loving, delicate, pretty and protective mother who adored me and who looked so much like me. The anchor of my life.
I was aware Danny had picked up on my emotions that I had insufficiently shielded and left the room and he came back, frightened, with my father and Duke.
They saw what I was looking at and sat, quietly, in the chairs that were in this huge bedroom while I cried and cried and Danny tried to comfort me.
Finally I gulped and said, “This is my mother, and me…” how could I explain? “I didn’t believe the tests, I didn’t think any of this was true, I thought the Bounty Hunters or someone else had hacked in and doctored the records to get the reward. I thought I would be found out although I had nothing to do with this. So that was why I had to get a job and maybe be able to hang onto it, the job, when all of this collapsed. But this is my mother and I know that. I can remember her so well. I still hear her voice in my dreams and I still dream about her and she loved me…” I dissolved into tears again as I hugged Danny, “She loved me like I love you,” I told him, “but she died. I don’t understand,” I said looking up at my father. “How can I be this boy who is three years younger than I am?”
“You were big for your age and strong. You had your mother’s looks but not her delicacy. She was also home educating you so you were functioning well above your age. Why is it so surprising to you that you were assumed to be older? I’m not surprised,” he replied softly, “at times it was like I was talking to a little adult when you got protective around your mother or when you were trying to explain your motives for doing something wrong.”
I sat, trying to understand, trying to absorb all this. This man was my father. This was all true. I could feel that they understood but why couldn’t I remember my father? What awful thing had happened between us and why couldn’t I get through it?
I looked down at the hologram again and scrolled through, hearing and feeling the understanding silence in the room and more, like a whole lot of questions had just been answered. That’s not exactly right but there isn’t an accurate description and I was still scrolling through as my father and Duke got silently up and left.
• • •
There were some other people and I suddenly started recognizing some of them as well. Exasperated, I didn’t know who they were but I knew I had seen a lot of these people before. I watched, absorbed and jumped as Danny touched me and said, pointing,
“Who’s that?”
“Me, when I was your age.”
There was a pause as I imagined Danny trying to comprehend that I had once been a child like him.
“Is that your Mummy?”
“Yes, your other Nana.”
“I have two Nanas?”
“Yes darling but she’s dead,” I repeated. She died when I was a little bit older than you.”
“What happened?”
“I don’t know. I was listening to her voice and it faded then stopped. I never heard her again except in my dreams.”
<She was far away?>
<Yes darling, very far away.>
<You heard her like you hear me?>
<Yes.>
<Like Siobhan?>
<Yes>
<She was like Siobhan and me?>
<Yes darling, very powerful.>
<But she had to hide it?>
<She mostly did.>
<Did your father know?>
I looked at him, “I don’t know.”
<Does he know about you?>
<I don’t know.> I thought about it. <He knows some of what I can do. I don’t know what he knows of before. I don’t have enough education for a proper job so I told some people I can Truth Seek and I got a job doing that.>
<Does he know what else?>
<I don’t know.>
“And you can’t ask!”
It was an old joke but so true. Psi’s found each other by accident. Siobhan had heard me sobbing in my mind when I hadn’t known I was broadcasting. That was just after I had arrived in Shantytown when she had been nearby and I had been injured, lost and terrified and my mother had just been murdered. I hadn’t known I was broadcasting. I think I was frantically trying to re-establish the Link with my mother but Linked into Siobhan instead.
Years later, Sandra, the old lady, had found me and tried to help me but she’d been old and in pain and sick. She slept a lot. I stole food for us and got her medicine for her and she taught me some things but we were quite different in what we could do. She could Path and Port and I couldn’t Port and was a very weak Path and although she understood what I could do, she didn’t know how to do it, so couldn’t teach me. Luckily, it was a passive, defensive-type ability and as I needed to use it, it got stronger and I got better at it.
<I’m hungry>
Reluctantly I took him by the hand and walked out into the apartment wondering where lunch was. As we passed the hallway and entered the lounge, I saw what I hadn’t noticed before. The room was huge and had a panoramic view of the city. Danny ran over to the window to look out as I entered the room and saw there were four security guards there. One was working on an iPad, one was staring into space, two were quietly playing something together on another iPad. My father was nowhere to be seen. Turning to my left, I thought I heard his voice beyond a partly open door. To my right was what looked like a restaurant and it certainly smelt like one. A restaurant in a private home? Lunch was being home made? Then I remembered that some rich people had kitchens. A man started to put all sorts of utensils and plates on a table and then another man started to bring covered plates full of nice smelling food and put it down the centre of the table on the heaters.
I looked up as my father came out of his room and picked up a child’s high chair, bringing it over to the table. He smiled at Danny, who said,
“For me?” Danny struggled up onto the chair and smiled delightedly up at my father. Those two definitely liked each other. Reality hit again. This rich and powerful man was my son’s grandfather.
“This used to be your Daddy’s chair. I never could bear to throw it out. I never threw any of your stuff out,” he said to me, “I could not accept that you might be dead and I kept searching.”
Danny snuggled up beside me as I sat next to him, uncomfortable. I knew my father was telling the truth and I began to suspect where all the guilt was coming from.
<Is this lunch?> and I thought my little son was adapting to this situation far quicker than I was. But then he hadn’t thought it was all a fraud and that one day it would come to a nasty end. That was another reason why I had tried to take no money or favors from this man; so I wouldn’t get stuck with having to give anything back. I felt shattered, confused, disorientated as I tried to take in my new reality. And my son’s new reality.
<Is this lunch?> He repeated and I tried to pull my shattered mind together.
<I think so. Probably.>
And we both looked at a table set for eight.
<When do we eat?>
<Probably soon. How about we get you a game to play?>
I watched as Danny scrambled down out of his chair, ran back to the huge window and looked out. Noticing more food being put on the table he ran back and scrambled back onto his chair. Righting himself, he looked at the now uncovered food in shock and dismay.
<What’s this?>
<Terran food. It looks funny but it tastes good>
<Any concentrate?>
<That’s unlikely. Concentrate is for poor people and your grandad isn’t poor. This is real food and real expensive. It has more color, better taste, more texture and there’s much more variety. Try it.>
Danny continued to look dismayed and unconvinced but he was curious and I sensed he was going to try some. It did smell good and maybe that was why.
“What would you like to drink Danny?”
Danny looked hopefully up at his grandfather and said, “Milk?” He then looked with puzzlement as a glass of milk was put in front of him.
<What’s this?>
<Milk in a different container.>
Oh dear. My Danny had never seen a glass, probably never seen a plate. At least he knew what a spoon was. Hmm, cutlery and crockery was another problem and how was I going to solve that without embarrassing him? We just ate out of the food containers. We had no way to wash dishes except public bathrooms. Considering what went into the hand basins like clothes, babies and God knew what else, we wouldn’t wash anything in them that we ate with. Utensils got washed under the public taps with a prayer to the immune system to counter the unsafe water.
My father handed me a dish of food and I dished a little up for Danny and said, “just use the spoon. You’re a child and you’re not expected to know which utensil goes with which.” I didn’t either but I had a plan.
As the dishes were handed around, I spooned a tiny bit of everything onto Danny’s plate. I wanted to do the same for me too but restrained myself and limited my choices. I tried to act casual and like I was used to this but I was blown away by the choices and the incredible expense this meal must have cost yet all here were acting as if this was normal.
The security guards, the cook and the man who had been doing household chores had all joined us at the table. All men. Such a change for me. Belatedly, I tuned into what they were talking about and realized it was sporting comments interspersed with comments about influential people and politics. I couldn’t join in. My knowledge here was miniscule and I had no intention of letting them all know how ignorant I was.
I sampled the food I had picked out. I had mimicked the choices of one of the guards as I hadn’t a clue what some of this was in spite of the fun I had been having at the restaurant. That meant I could also mimic the utensils he was using. The choice of food was mind boggling. I did know what bread was and snagged some for Danny telling him, <this is fresh bread. It’s what bread should taste like.>
<so what is this?>
<I think it’s a vegetable. I don’t know>
<Is that fruit?>
I knew that one, <yes, it’s a banana. They’re grown here in heated sheds>
He munched on the piece of the banana I gave him, <I like it.>
• • •
After lunch, I fetched the hologram and hesitantly approached my father followed by Danny who knew what I was going to ask. “Who is this?”
“Your brother.”
“I have a brother!?”
“He died. Not long before you were kidnapped.”
Oh, damn, that was a bummer. “What happened?”
“We thought it was a motor vehicle accident but Duke always suspected the accident had been arranged.”
“So he was probably murdered? How old was he?”
“Nineteen. He had a different mother to yours.”
I pondered that as I wandered off, the inevitable coffee in my hand. Ischi said I drank way too much of it but I noted so did she. For that matter I noticed almost all the medical and security staff drank mainly coffee rather than the huge choice of hot and cold drinks but I was after coffee. Was there a correlation between coffee drinkers and high stress jobs?
That lead my thoughts back to the hospital. I had noted it was divided into four; accident/emergency and maternity, intensive care, day clinics which included minor surgery and two wards one for medical and one for surgical. It was busy with a lot of patients and a high turnover and I had noticed a lot of orange bracelets on the patients there. I wondered how they got into the building. I had been told most of them got free treatment and that my father paid. I hadn’t known that I could have brought Danny here and got free inoculations for him. But then we had often hidden him and since he had never been sick he had never gone to the clinic. That was probably why we had never found that out.
That afternoon, I dedicated to Danny and we played in the park on the rooftop, and I read him story after story off the iPad I had taken with us. He would only play briefly then he want a story, then play. When he finally went down for a nap I went over my study for my math exam tomorrow.

Chapter Eleven
The next day, my second day off, I said to Danny,
“Today I’m going to enroll you in a crèche.”
“What’s a crèche?”
“It’s like a school only it’s for kids who’re not quite old enough for school but still want to go to school.”
Danny bounced around so much it was impossible to get him moving but I couldn’t help smiling.
“OK we’ll go tomorrow.”
“I’ll behave! I wanna go now!”
I wanted to go as we were but Danny had other ideas.
“I want to try on some of these clothes.” Danny had been exploring and had found clothes his size in the drawers. I gave in. He thought it was cool fun to wear my clothes. They fitted well enough although they were all loose on him. We had a look through the drawers, me feeling like a thief but Danny excited and reveling in the choices he now had. Finally I had him dressed and we headed out via the kitchen for a snack. We thought. The cook had other ideas.
“What would you like for breakfast?”
“Coffee.”
“Milk.”
I could feel his disappointment but he acquiesced and scant minutes later, we were on our way. I had noticed the signs for the crèche; part of my preparations for my future life, so we headed off, with me ignoring the inevitable guard following but Danny soon got puffed so I carried him. That meant I soon got puffed.
Finally reaching the crèche, we went in and Danny tried to look everywhere at the same time,
“Can I play?!”
“You have to be enrolled first Danny and I don’t know when you could start coming. There may be a waiting list,” <or they might refuse the likes of us.> I’d taken two steps before I realized that ‘us’ was now the descendants of one of the major shareholders of this building. This was going to take a bit of getting used to. For the first time, I wondered just how much my father was worth. Danny struggled to get down and went to run into the room where he could see children playing when an alarm sounded as he reached the door.
I turned to tell him to stop as he skidded to a halt. I held out my hand and he reluctantly returned to me looking in puzzlement at his bracelet.
“I thought this meant I can go anywhere,” and he looked up at me with such a mournful expression I started to laugh.
“That lets you into a great deal of places but it also stops you going where you aren’t allowed to go or where you aren’t allowed to go until you join, or pay up. I told you we need to join you up first,” and I pointed to the scanner. As he passed his arm over it another alarm sounded; a soft beeping. Now he looked indignant and my Danny did indignant very well. I laughed again.
The receptionist had been chuckling but he abruptly stopped laughing and I felt the rush of anger/outrage coming from him which then muted into understanding/annoyance/impatience.
“He has to have all his inoculations and a medical clearance before he can be enrolled.”
“Oh. I didn’t think of that, I’ll get that done now.” Wearily, I picked Danny up and headed for the Medical Centre. At least I knew where that was. Back the way we had come!
Puffing, tired and sore, I wearily trudged on and down in the lift and finally reached the Medical Centre. It felt like it was miles although it was only probably the equivalent of a city block. Or two. I ran Danny’s hand through the scanner and explained, “He needs his inoculations and a medical to get enrolled in the crèche.”
She nodded and said, “About a half hour wait.”
Mercifully, there was a coffee machine and I got a coffee for me and a flavored milk drink for Danny. We sat rehydrating ourselves until finally it was our turn.
As we entered his office I saw the doctor, a man I knew I had seen before and his nametag read Dr. Hillary. He looked down and said, “Hullo Danny, nice to see you. We’ll do the Medical first and then the blood work and inoculations. And there’s a questionnaire for your Daddy,” and he handed me an iPad. I sat trying to remember all the details of Danny’s health. There wasn’t much to input; no breakages, no serious illnesses but at least I didn’t need to transfer my medical history and my parents,’ for the family history bit. My father had done that when Danny got his bracelet. I had been shocked when I read my mother’s medical history and seen just how often she had been ill. But Sharelle’s medical history was a problem as I didn’t know that but Marcene would so I could get her to tell me.
The doctor scanned through the information I had added and turned to Danny. What followed was as thorough a medical as I’d ever seen and I watched as he and Danny and I watched a screen and saw all Danny’s organs going about their daily business.
His only comment was, “He’s under weight and under height for age and under muscled. More food and more exercise and more protein. Otherwise, he seems healthy.”
After the inoculations, which he wasn’t too keen on, plus the inevitable blood tests, we returned home and I handed him over to Duke to assign to someone else while I headed off for my math exam. I did not feel like sitting an exam and I was glad it was math.
I wasn’t the only one there in the room but I soon realized we were all doing different subjects. We were thoroughly searched and scanned and placed in separate tiny rooms. The person assigned to me said, “Your electronics won’t work in here and if I see any form of cheating you will be disqualified and banned from further exams for a minimum of five years and you’re under full surveillance.” I wondered what they thought they could do with a Telepath. I didn’t ask.
The exam was straight forward and contained no surprises. It was easy and I was finished an hour early and left to the disapproval of the woman assigned to me. I wondered wryly if that meant less work and therefore less pay for her? I felt a bit mean but I was tired and wanted to lie down.
• • •
I kept on at work for the next week, now allowed to increase my hours to six hours a day and taking Danny to crèche each day after his compulsory two day stand down while his blood tests were completed and his infective state confirmed as negative. He couldn’t get enough of it and so looked forward to ‘going to school’ as he insisted on calling it.
On the day before my next weekend, I went down into the dumping area and searched through. I picked up a few things for me and for Danny and remembered snacks and drinks for the staff dispensers but mostly I was looking to get clothes and electronics for Marcene. She loved the internet and I found her an iPad and had, yesterday, bought her a flash drive and a big data stream. I also looked for, and found, food for her too.
And I finally took the time to get shoes. I found shoes and boots for me and dumped my decrepit shoes in the trash. They were the first new pairs of shoes I had ever owned. Hmmm. Bought. I must have had new shoes as a child and these weren’t new. Never mind, they were intact which my other shoes hadn’t been. They would also be waterproof which I would appreciate.
• • •
The next morning at breakfast I said to my father, “Can I have an escort to go back to Shantytown please? There’s someone there I need to help. Family. Your lawyer said I could go outside this building under escort and under certain conditions if I had a good reason and surely that qualifies. She has no income. I’m taking her money, food and clothes.”
“Is this Sharelle you mean?”
I looked at him in silence. “No.” I finally said. “Sharelle kicked me out,” I reminded him and I blushed as I felt the amusement from the inevitable guard or two in the vicinity.
<Hush!> I said as Danny went to speak and he subsided, uncomfortable. Danny clearly didn’t like being in the middle. My father noticed.
“Do you know who he means?”
Danny nodded.
“Why aren’t I allowed to know?”
Danny looked at me and didn’t answer.
<That’s my well trained son> I felt the discomfort, annoyance, regret and puzzlement from Danny. He did not like this and he broadcast his disapproval straight back at me. Ouch.
My father stared at both of us and then gave up saying, “The court will need to know where you are going, to whom, why, and they will need to check what you are taking. Then those escorting you need to guarantee that you will not break the law and that you will return as soon as you have finished. And I am your guarantor. Do you know what that means?”
“No.”
“It means I am responsible for your behavior until this is solved.”
“Until the genetic results are in?”
“Yes.”
“How long is that?”
“I expected them back by now. I don’t know.”
“But the original test done on me took only hours.”
“That was different. Your data was on file. For this, someone needed to get Danny’s DNA which they did when he was in the crèche, then someone had to get Sharelle’s which they did when she was at work. Then they start the tests and there will have been a backlog in both labs. There is nothing I can do to speed up the process. The result has to be checked by two labs since the penalty is dire for you.”
“You mean I’ll be sent off world?”
“Not if I can help it! If you are not his genetic parent you clearly have a relationship with him and you consider yourselves father and son. I can tie the courts up for years with expert testimony and Danny’s testimony. I’ll not allow you to go off world. I’ve repaid the money they say they paid Sharelle so they cannot claim a loss. I will do my best to prevent you two being separated. I can fight this on many fronts; abandonment by his mother being one, the relationship you both believe you have, your relationship with his mother being another, and his advantage in being my grandson being yet another. Remember one function of the court is ‘the good of the child’ and we have a clear home advantage here.”
Sneaky. And used to getting his own way. Although I did not want to be beholden to this man, I wanted to stay with Danny. I didn’t really want a relationship with my father at all but Danny clearly did and he could obviously help Danny in numerous ways. He also had felt a relationship with Danny since he first saw him and I wondered if the results would be true. Would he fudge them? Just how powerful was he? And how much did I owe him for Danny’s ransom; that was my debt. Well Sharelle’s really.
• • •
I watched as he called his lawyer, explained that I was requesting to leave the building, and in short order we were at the courthouse explaining again. Danny was not pleased at being left behind but had been bribed with a trip to the park and the crèche if he wanted to go there. He was being looked after by another guard he clearly liked but then Danny tended to like everyone and he was reveling in his new freedoms. Danny had had such a restricted life that this felt free. I realized he would grow up in this world not feeling imprisoned which I did. This would be his normal as once it was mine.
• • •
At the courthouse, they grilled me on where I was going, to whom and why and checked all that I was taking and I had added more groceries to the pile which was all now in backpacks. I was feeling highly impatient at the delay. After all, I was being escorted by security guards; three of them! However soon we were on our way with a backpack each. It was now after lunch but I was too keyed up to eat. Guts in a knot again. Being in the courthouse had terrified me. My favorite place; not!
We were going by bus and all the guards were in civvies. My father had sent with me the brothers with the over developed sense of humor and Duke. Then there were five of us because Cam joined us at the gate. I hadn’t seen her for a while and as always, she was worth seeing.
I went via the hotel and Thayne. I figured there were still grounds for some caution as I didn’t know if Sharelle was back or where Marcene was. Sharelle could have her latest man there for all I knew. Marcene could have got a job. I knew she was always looking for work. Her favorite job was as a care giver and if she was lucky, she got live-in jobs. The pay was terrible and the work could be too but she got keep and was partially qualified and was experienced.
We hit trouble immediately as Thayne said, “Jay lad, I’m sorry but some men beat her up and took over your shanty.”
“When?”
“This morning. I just heard.”
“Where is she?”
“I don’t know Jay. Last I heard they chucked her on the rubbish heap. I don’t know if she’s dead or alive. It was Monty’s Mob so no one dared to intervene.”
I left at a dead run and sprinted for the rubbish heap, the guards, who had overheard, in hot pursuit but I was gratified to see they all followed me onto the stinking pile and we spread out, searching. If took Cam only a few seconds to find her and call me over.
“Leave it to me Michel, she’s alive, let me work. We all have medic training.”
I looked on in horror. Marcene looked terrible. She had a black eye and cuts to her head, arms and hands and her fetal position cued me to internal injuries. She was filthy, pale, shivering, and her whimpering broke my heart. Her clothing was nearly ripped off her and she was trying to cover herself. My opinion of my father’s guards rocketed up as Duke called for medical assistance and the brothers took off their jackets and one laid her head on his jacket while the other carefully and gently wrapped her up in his jacket. Cam was gently talking to her while I was shaking with a fifty/fifty mix of anguish and fury. Cam had produced a mini first aid kit from somewhere and was dabbing coagulant and anti biotics on the bloody bits. I watched as she injected something into Marcene’s arm and wrote something on her forehead.
Within minutes, an ambulance was hovering overhead and lowering a stretcher. Cam and the brothers eased her onto it, Cam zipped her into the jacket and we watched as they left. By now I was seething, my fists balled. Marcene was a gentle person who wouldn’t hurt anyone and couldn’t fight. It was Sharelle and I who were the scrapers.
“Who’s up for a fight?”
“You can’t Michel. You’re on a good behavior bond,” cautioned Duke.
“They beat her up and stole my home and all my possessions. Isn’t that grounds for some payback?!”
“We could nicely ask them to leave,” said one of the brothers, “and if they attack us we have the right to defend ourselves.”
I grinned at him. He was in the mood for a fight and so was his brother and Cam. All of them had been horrified at Marcene’s plight. We all exchanged quick glances and I felt Duke’s objections wavering. He was angry too. “I have a key,” I explained.
“Lead on,” motioned Duke.
I lead them all up around the rubbish heap to the side of the shanty which was sited up wind of the awful smell explaining, “it’s only five feet high so watch your heads. I’m used to the height so I’ll chuck ’em out and you deal to them. We’re going to the side that has no windows. The shanty is two vans joined together. The entrance is via the little van and it has the toilet in it. The larger van is the living and sleeping area and they should be there.”
We dropped all our packs off and positioned ourselves by the door. Silently, I opened the door and eased it open. All clear. I snuck in and passed out the toilet to give us more room to maneuver. I slowly eased open the inner door and grabbed, flinging the first one out and he banged his head on the door sill on the way out. What a shame. The other two were still trying to work out what was happening. One dropped the food he had been eating. My food! I grabbed the next one but he was struggling and fighting. I dropped to my back, put my foot in his chest as he lunged towards me and he sailed out the door over the top of me. He hit the sides of both doors on the way out. Oh dear. That left one. And I was in a very bad mood. I made as if to grab him and predictably he pulled back giving me room to move in that tiny space. I landed a side kick on him narrowly missing his solar plexus but he obligingly doubled over. I hit his head with my right elbow and then gave him an uppercut him with my left fist.
I was about to really pummel him when Cam grabbed me around the waist, pinning my arms and yelled, “Stop! That’s enough.”
I pulled back so as not to hurt her and she grabbed him and pushed as one of the brothers pulled.
• • •
Cam looked around at the space about eight feet by ten that Michel called home. A home for four people. It had a piece of carpet on the floor and raw insulation on the walls and ceiling. She saw cloth cupboards hung from the ceiling in the corners and the type of chair that unfolded to form a small, narrow, single bed for children. There were only two. There was only room for two. She had seen containers for liquid (?water) beside where the toilet had been and there was a tiny gas stove near her feet. No fridge, nowhere to wash dishes or themselves, no privacy, one window and one tiny vent for air above the stove. Clearly, the men had been searching the place and scoffing the food they had found.
Looking up, Cam saw small hammock type things in two corners which looked to contain bedding or linen of some type. Now she understood why Danny didn’t intend to sleep alone and she would bet that Michel didn’t either since this was what he was used to. The boss would understand better once she told him the conditions his son had been living in. And he would also understand, she hoped, why his son didn’t bother about niceties like pyjamas. She had heard the boss griping about that too. He should have seen this for himself. Belatedly she wondered if this was why he had sent her with Michel.
• • •
I walked out and stood there puffing, my heart pounding and I leaned on the door to stop me falling over. In addition to the protest my lungs and heart were making, my knuckles hurt and my right hand was particularly lodging a stern protest. The brief exertion had left me dizzy and I wanted to throw up. I surveyed the scene. The first two were on the ground, one looked fairly undamaged and one had a bruised and bloody head where he had kissed the sill. The last one to exit looked considerably worse for wear I noted with satisfaction. He was doubled up, vomiting, had a bloody mouth, hopefully a few teeth missing and I hoped he had a concussion and a whiplash as well. Duke was just finishing putting hand and ankle cuffs on him and he cheerfully pushed him over.
The first guy out started mouthing obscenities as Duke pulled him upright. He looked at Cam and made a few comments that riled up all of us but I was the one that moved first, took three quick steps and punched his filthy mouth. He went down like a stone and I let out an anguished yelp, holding my left hand.
I doubled over with the pain and gritted my teeth so as not to swear in front of a lady as Duke said, “you don’t pull your punches, do you kid?” He was examining the guy I’d just hit then turned to look at my hand. By this time my outraged nerves were infuriated and giving me heaps.
“Forget it,” I muttered and moved away trying unsuccessfully to keep the tears from my eyes. At least I’d kept my mouth civil. I looked around but two guys were now out cold and the third one had enough sense to keep his mouth shut.
“Phone,” I heard Duke say, “Police. Not urgent, scene secured, pick-up for three. Major crime, suspects injured, two victims injured, one serious and en route to hospital.”
“Where is Marcene going?” I asked him.
“To your Dad’s hospital.”
“Who’s paying for this?”
“He will. It’s a hospital for the employees of the building and their families and a charity hospital for others.”
“So he paid for my care?”
“Of course and boy did that cost!”
I winced. More I owed him and then I paused. No, that wasn’t my fault; he had been the target and I was the collateral damage.
I stood there for a few minutes then went back inside as Cam walked out. Right handed, I went through what was left. They’d had great fun going through all our carefully stowed stuff and had airmailed most of it out except the food which they had been eating. I looked at what was left. Not much. We hadn’t much of any value and most of it was clothes and stuff of little resale value. I figured it didn’t really matter now but that wasn’t the point. This had been my home since I was four or five, well the little van had been. The bigger van was added later. I looked around and picked up a few things. They’d smashed my computer. I then looked in the hidey-holes concealed in the insulation for my most precious possessions. They hadn’t found any of them and I retrieved all the flash drives and data. That included all my images, mostly of Danny. I tucked them in my pocket. Not much to show for thirteen years.
I went back out and picked up one of the packs and brought it in. Belatedly, I realized the fresh food would go off and I took that back out. I decided just to leave it here. Someone would find it and put it to good use. I was too tired to carry it back even though I had paid for it. I turned at a movement and saw Old Sal with her first aid kit over her shoulder. Trust her to defy Monty’s Mob.
“She’s gone to hospital,” I said. “Thanks. There’s some food here, it’s yours. I’m leaving the shanty for Sharelle. Danny and Marcene will live with me now.”
“Ta, thanks Jay.”
I watched as Old Sal picked up the food and shuffled off. She was our resident ‘doctor and midwife,’ as was her mother before her. She would give most of the food away and it would go where it was needed most. I looked up as Cam said,
“What do you want to do now?”
“Secure this place and re-stock it for Sharelle. She’ll be back. She has a key. We need to refill the water containers, empty the toilet cassettes and leave this long life food for her. What?” I said as Cam looked at me funny.
“She kicked you out of your home and you’re leaving it to her and re-stocking it?”
“Yes.”
“After all she’s done to you and Danny?”
“Yes.”
“Why? You’re more forgiving that I would be.”
“I’ve had a lot of practice. She’s Danny’s mother. This way I can tell Danny what I did and he will be happy knowing she can crawl back in here and sulk when her next man kicks her out. She’ll have bedding, food, water, a weather proof shelter, a door she can securely lock and a toilet. Pity about her clothes. There’s even a first aid kit they didn’t throw away so she can patch herself up if need be. That’s a lot better than most of those in Shantytown have. It’s small but it’s secure and very difficult to break into. I don’t know how they got in but I’ll bet they jumped her as she was entering. Look here. The lock is not this obvious one it’s here on the other side, this bit that looks like a dent and a rusty hole. Deception beats good locks every time. It’s amazing how many scratches I find on this big dummy lock.”
Cam chuckled and said, “Oh very good. That would have fooled me. Did you do this?”
“No, someone did it for me. The vans and the locks. I did most of the inside over the years.”
“A very nice someone to do this for you.”
“No he wasn’t but he owed me big time. This salved his conscience.”
Cam looked at me sharply but didn’t say any more. I passed out the water containers, the ones that needed filling and checked the spare toilet cassette. Empty. Oh good. Of all the jobs I hated, emptying and cleaning the toilet was at the top of the list and Sharelle had always refused to do it which was ironic as she used it more than anyone. If at all possible we went elsewhere but Sharelle was selfish, egocentric and had a sense of entitlement that was bigger than her. Which was why I regretted so often that I had ever touched her. Yet that had resulted in Danny and he was the best thing that had ever happened to me. I was also relieved because emptying the toilet required both hands and I now had one that was very reluctant to work.
I had started to trudge off with the first water container when Duke slapped a mini A grav on it and one of the brothers followed me with the other half full one and the way he was guiding it indicated it had an A grav on it too. That would make for a very easy journey back with the full ones. I wondered why they hadn’t used those for the food packs we had carried in but then realized their weight would be insignificant to them. It was me that was the struggling and unfit one. And of course water was so much heavier than dehydrated food. I still hadn’t got used to having people around that helped me. I was very appreciative.
After stowing the now full water containers, which we had filled with clean water outside of Shantytown, I emptied the toilet cassette in a nearby public toilet and put the toilet back together and back into the entrance. For once, I didn’t clean it. Sharelle could do that. I didn’t bother to tidy up either as Sharelle was disgustingly messy and untidy so why should I bother? I wouldn’t tell Danny that either.
By now the Police had turned up and Duke had made a statement that skipped a few details and rearranged a few that hadn’t happened exactly as he’d said. He told the cops that they had attacked and badly injured Marcene and taken over her (and my) home. I had turned up to see her and found her missing and them there. I had asked them politely for an explanation and they had attacked me. We had then found Marcene tossed on the rubbish heap. The cops obligingly didn’t enquire too closely. It turned out these three were ‘known to Police,’ as being part of Monty’s Mob but there hadn’t been anyone who would dare to make a statement. Like Duke was now obligingly doing. And the Hospital would corroborate part of his statement and the situation they had been found in, my shanty, backed up his story. We all agreed and all our statements went on record. It was all basically true apart from the ‘asked them to leave’ bit and finding Marcene last instead of first and they were unlikely to check the time difference. We hoped. And I was the one with some injuries and the one who had ‘asked them to leave’ and the legal owner of the shanty according to all of us. The story stacked up.
The policeman who seemed to be in charge was saying to me, “So the charge is assault and battery, possibly to be upgraded to grievous bodily harm once the medical report comes in, assault males versus one female, theft, destruction of property, squatting, assault on a minor, is that all sir?”
I looked at Duke who turned to the police and said, “We’ll let you know if there are any other charges but sexual assault is likely judging by her clothing. It was ripped in the front and virtually ripped off her. Cam, was she still wearing underwear? Did you ask her about rape?”
“No I didn’t. She was wearing underwear but I think they did try at least. There is bruising to her thighs and scratches and bruising all around her abdomen. There was a lot I didn’t see or examine.”
All three of the policemen were looking grimly at the three men who were not looking very pleased with themselves now. The one who seemed to be in charge said, “This equals transportation if you are lucky and possibly execution if her injuries are very serious, if she dies, or if there was sexual assault.”
I felt very gratified at that. Due to the fact that there were more men on this planet than women, the laws here were biased in favor of women, not men, so they were in more trouble for hitting her than for hitting me, quite apart from the gravity of her injuries. And sexual assault on a woman often merited deportation and sometimes the death penalty. Once again, I was startled that the Police apparently knew me and even knew my age and that legally I was a minor. I just could not get used to being seventeen. It didn’t feel right but it did increase the penalty for them and that I could live with! But the system was weird. How could I legally be a minor and the father of a child? How did that work?
• • •
I made my weary and painful way to the now very familiar hospital and endured Dr. Janie tsk tsking as she pronounced my left hand as being only bruised and the nurse with her, whom I didn’t know, lathered my hand with an anti-bruising cream with which I was now quite familiar. Old Sal used it and Sharelle and I had been her frequent visitors while going through a rough patch with some other people who had wanted my shanty. They gave up.
“So what happened to the other guy?” Asked the nurse with an innocent looking face which fooled no one. Dr. Janie glared at him.
“Two went to sleep and the other had sore bits and pieces. They all had insufficient flying lessons. Bad landings.” The nurse chuckled and I gathered I’d gone up in his estimation. He was being very gentle as he bandaged up my aching left hand, to my relief, and the pain killer he’d sprayed on my abused hand first was working well. Down from excruciating to merely aching.
“Try not to use your left hand for a day or two and reapply the cream after showering. And stay out of fights.” He handed me two tubes of cream which I gratefully accepted. It was good stuff.
“I will.” My left hand was still sore and the skin was missing from most of my knuckles making it rather too painful to use. So I intended to follow his advice. Problem was the other hand was still complaining as well and I only had two.
As I eased wearily off the bed I asked Dr. Janie, “Can I see Marcene yet?”
“She’s still being treated.”
“How bad is she?”
“I think at this stage it looks worse than it is. Physically that is. What her emotional state will be I don’t know.”
“Did they rape her?”
“No, but they tried to. She persuaded them otherwise.”
I’d noticed the latter. Marcene had always told Sharelle that a full bladder and bowel was good self defense and a major deterrent but Sharelle used her fists. She was messy and untidy but always clean and well turned out. Soiling herself would be Sharelle’s last line of defence not her first.
I hung around until finally I was allowed to see Marcene but they’d sedated her and she was out cold. I gathered the police were not amused about this but Dr Janie told me,
“I was more worried about her emotional state and she didn’t need to be awake for all of the photographic evidence. We’d cleaned her up before we photographed her and there are lurid evidential photos of her face and arms. Many defensive injuries. She has two broken arms, several broken fingers and bruised ribs plus multiple bruises elsewhere. The bruising pattern indicates that they probably kicked her too. I don’t know why they had to be so vicious. There’s no evidence that she tried to fight back.”
“She couldn’t fight. I tried to teach her but she just wasn’t a fighter. Will she be left with any permanent damage?”
“I don’t think so, at least not physically. If she had somewhere to go and someone to look after her she could go home tomorrow but not back to Shantytown. Is there anywhere she could go and anyone who could look after her?”
“Just me. I’ll work something out.”
I left and wandered back to my Dad’s place, thinking hard but until the gene tests cleared me, I was stuck in this building where I would never be able to afford the rents. Would my father let her stay with us? I knew Marcene and she had a fear of hospitals and strangers. In her experience, hospitals were where you went to die and for us in Shantytown we usually had to be terminal to stand a chance of getting in so that was generally correct. I wondered how I hadn’t known about my father’s free hospital but given the size of Shantytown and the poverty problem, I guessed there was some sort of entrance criteria or restriction. Then again, maybe the clinic? Thinking back, I didn’t think I had ever been very ill. I’d had the minor viruses and stuff but never been really ill. And the injuries, they generally fixed on the spot. Now I had had my fair share of those but none requiring a hospital stay. But Marcene’s injuries were different. What was I going to do about her? I didn’t see my father letting her stay.
• • •
I walked inside to be greeted with, “Your Dad wants to see you,” and Duke pointed to the office. I walked in apprehensively and my father looked up.
“Sit down,” he said. “How’s the hand?
“It’s OK. Still hurts though. Why don’t pain killers take all the pain away?”
“So imbeciles like you stop using injured bits and let them heal. Duke filled me in with the sanitized version and the true version. You’re all idiots. We have cops for that. Duke said you hit very hard. He says you’ve had training, that you hit too hard for your size, weight and state of health or lack thereof in your case. Care to explain?”
I shrugged, “you live in Shantytown you need to be able to fight or you need someone to look after you. The latter comes with a cost. I prefer to fight my own battles. I never had any formal training but I studied on line and practiced. I’ve also been in a few scrapes. Sharelle and I had an ongoing problem with those three and others like them. They wanted my shanty to sell to someone else, I think, it’s too small for them and they already have a much bigger one.”
My father grunted then said, “Well I have some good news for you,” and he handed me a printout.
I looked at the top and saw it was from a lab and looked straight to the bottom. A match. I was confirmed as Danny’s father. I breathed a sigh of relief. I had been fairly sure but by no means certain. Others had the green eyes and Psi abilities but I so badly wanted him to be legally mine. He was. I smiled in relief.
“Happy now granddad?”
“I’m delighted although I was going to put up a fight for him anyway. Do you want to tell him? He’s on his way back. I told them to bring him back when you left the hospital.”
I looked at him sharply, “You’ve got a tracker on me!”
“Cam put it into the bracelet she gave you. Smart girl, that one. Do you really mind? You can turn it off but it’s a good safety feature.”
I did mind. “Who has access?”
“Me, and some of my security staff. Not many and only those I trust.”
I nodded and walked out and headed for the kitchen and the coffee which I struggled to make one handed because the cook wasn’t there. I returned to the lounge and sat sipping and thinking. I could leave home now and take Danny and Marcene with me, I earned enough to support them both. I could leave the building. I was free. I could take Danny to the park to play. His crèche teachers told me he was unfit and poorly muscled for his age and I knew that to be true. The Dr. who examined him had mentioned it too. He had seldom got to go outside because it wasn’t safe. But he was well ahead in other areas; he could read and write, had keyboard and search skills and boy could he count. I looked up as my father sat down beside me.
“My lawyer has applied to the court to get all charges dropped. In the meantime you will still have to stay here.”
“What? How long will that take?!”
“About a week, maybe more.”
I looked at him in despair. What could I do about Marcene? She couldn’t go to the shanty alone in her condition and now I couldn’t go with her!
“What’s wrong?”
“Marcene. She can’t look after herself. I was going to help her.”
“Can’t her daughter do that?”
“Sharelle’s far too self absorbed to care for anyone else and tends to have like-minded boyfriends. She’s totally unreliable.”
“How did you ever get mixed up with her?”
I shrugged, “I turned up at her place and she was wearing a big smile and no clothes. I was thirteen at the time it now appears which goes a long way to excuse my lapse of judgement.”
“What were you doing at her place?”
“I had a delivery for her. She thought of an alternate way of paying for it. It worked.”
“Drugs?”
I looked at him and didn’t answer, which gave him the answer. He shuddered.
We looked up as Danny came bouncing into the room and came to an abrupt stop as he saw my bandaged hands. “Who did you fight this time?” He asked sounding like my father.
I laughed as I picked him up one handed and said, “Some bad men hurt Nana so I dealt to them. They are going to be transported so they won’t do it again and Nana’s in hospital.”
Danny went white, “Is she dying?”
Abruptly I remembered the Shantytown view of hospitals as where you went to die. “No poppet, she’ll be ok. You can go and see her tomorrow, she’s too sore today, they had to stitch her up. And she has a black eye so she’ll be embarrassed. Danny the genetic results came back and proved I am your father which makes my father your grandfather. It’s a big deal. I get to keep you.”
“You mean I could have been taken back to that place?” He demanded of his grandfather.
“Not to that place. I would have fought very hard to keep you and I have very good and very expensive lawyers.”
Danny stared at his grandfather who stared back. Danny relaxed and ran off to the kitchen.
“Well I passed that test,” I heard my father mutter. He turned to me, “That was just like you used to do. When did you develop Truth Seeking?”
“I don’t know but I think as long as I can remember.”
“So would you know if someone was lying and didn’t know they were lying?”
“I don’t know!” I snapped in exasperation, “I’m the only person I knew who can do this. I just don’t know!”
Danny came out of the kitchen with a piece of fruit in one hand and the inevitable glass of milk in the other and I didn’t Shield fast enough.
“Why can’t Nana come here? She can share our bed.”
I blushed as I looked guiltily at my father.
Danny put his drink and fruit down as he ran to his grandfather and said, “Please can Nana come here. Daddy thinks she’s very sore and she can help look after me when she gets better and she’s a really nice person. She loves me. She’s nothing like Mummy.”
I winced at this truth and looked at my father.
Jed looked at two sets of imploring green eyes, one set starting to tear up and gave in. He watched as two faces lit up with joy before he spoke.
I breathed a sigh of relief and then caught a glimpse of a movement behind my father. Duke was making a curious motion of twirling his index finger around his opposite little finger.

Chapter Twelve
The detective walked into the opulent apartment of one of the richest and most powerful men in the city and couldn’t help feeling awed, to her annoyance. In the oversized and richly furnished bedroom she was shown to, she saw Michel and Danny, sitting on the huge bed in which a woman lay. There was a drip going into her arm which probably held a painkiller pump and a nurse sat in a chair near the head of the bed. The woman looked far too young to have an adult daughter and a grandson. She had long black hair, brown bloodshot eyes and both eyes were blackened. Her face had lurid bruises and cuts and numerous fine suture lines. The bruising pattern on her nose, to Malina’s accumulated knowledge, indicated a nose that had been broken and reset. Her mouth also showed signs of careful suturing. It was impossible to tell what her looks had been like with this amount of damage. Her cut, sutured, swollen and bruised arms were on the top of the blankets. Both lower arms were in casts and some fingers on both hands were splinted. The orange bracelet was totally incongruent in this setting in a bedroom about the size of Malina’s whole apartment.
The woman looked up, managing to look fearful, vulnerable and guilty all at once. Her white bed jacket was costly, embroidered and of a rich fabric she recognized.
“I’m detective Nixon. This won’t be an arduous interview. We have good photographic and written evidence from reliable witnesses and photographic evidence from the medical photographer. The suspects were apprehended near you, found in your home and with what we assume were your possessions. We have DNA evidence linking them with you. Would you like this interview to be in private?”
“Yes please,”
Marcene looked over gratefully as Michel left carrying a reluctant Danny out as he explained, “Some things you don’t need to hear and neither do I. She needs her privacy and I’ll take you to play ball in the park outside.” The nurse followed.
Marcene looked back at Malina who said, “How about I ask you questions?” Marcene nodded in relief.
“What were you doing before you were attacked?”
“I was at the library and went back for lunch. Michel always told me to walk around the shanty to ensure it was safe but I was in a hurry because someone was following me. They jumped me as I entered.”
“All three of them?”
“Two of them. The one who was following me joined in.”
Malina continued with the interview noting the attack had been well planned and well executed but with far too much violence. Marcene was able to identify her attackers both by name and by photos and her identification was corroborated by Michel, police and the other four witnesses.
All had tried to sexually assault her but had been put off by Marcene emptying her bladder and bowels. Marcene was very embarrassed at this but Malina commented, “Well done and I wish more women did that. You’ve saved yourself a lot of nightmares and more damage both physical and emotional. Good move.”
“Will they be transported?”
“Probably so. You’ll never have to face them again.”
Malina didn’t tell her that execution was possible although transportation was more likely as all three were fit and young and could be used for hard labor. She suspected Marcene would have been killed if they had raped her and her attackers would have relied on any possible witnesses being too afraid to testify. These three thugs were part of Monty’s Mob and he was the worst of all the organized crime bosses on this planet. Not the largest nor the richest but the worst given his impact on others. Most of his men were known to police but police cannot act if people are too afraid to testify. She sighed, Shantytown was a blot on the landscape that shouldn’t be there.
Malina left after getting Marcene’s statement sent, thinking as she went. It was difficult to advise people as to what to do when they were attacked. While some criminals accelerated the violence only if the person fought back these ones seemed to have increased the violence because their victim was helpless. Most men who attack women, are put off when their victim fights back and many run away. The ones, like these, who increase their level of violence are the really dangerous ones; the rapists and killers. Malina shuddered; of all the ways to die she could think of few that were worse.
She had no sympathy for these men who would now probably be sent, with others of their ilk, to the worst planet or part of a planet on the transport list. They would be sent where there were no females. The death rate on these prison planets or asteroids was high and they were brutal. If you didn’t work, you got no food. Most of the work was mining with some breaking in of planets. Any work that no one wanted to do. They would have few rights which was fair. They had contravened all Marcene’s rights, and Michel’s.
• • •
Over the next week, I watched Marcene gather up her courage and slowly venture out of her room and into the lounge, usually dragged out by Danny. She took up her duties as Danny’s chief babysitter, story teller and teacher and it was so nice to see the black bracelets on all our wrists. She had been difficult about getting paid to mind Danny but I had insisted on paying her. It would give her dignity and self esteem apart from all the other rights that came with legal employment and I could well afford it. She was upset about Sharelle but not really surprised saying sadly to my father one night (after Danny was safely in bed),
“I always thought she would get into trouble and I’m surprised it took so long. She was trouble with men when she got to twelve and realized that sleeping with men would get her money. From then on, there was nothing I could do to stop her. She attracted all the wrong kinds of men, not you Michel, you were the best of the lot. I tried everything I knew but she was just bad. I think she was a psychopath. She had no conscience, took no responsibility for her actions and thought it was smart of her if she so engineered things so that someone else took the blame. The only reason she didn’t go into prostitution was that she knew they often ended up dead in Shantytown; drugs, beatings, pimps, police and disease. It wasn’t morals, it was self interest; she saw the cost. She did have some sense and avoided all the bad drugs and the really bad men. She looked after herself but no one else. Even Danny came second place or third if she had a new man.” She paused, her distress deluging me.
“Every time I got a job and had some money she would create some emergency to get it off me. Everything I had, she thought was hers. She had the same attitude to others which is why I believe no relationship lasted. Even bad men learnt she was trouble and every one she went with ditched her once they realized what a parasite she was. There were only two decent blokes she ever got involved with. Lionel loved her but she just cost him too much and cheated on him too often. Michel stayed with her only because of Danny and I suspect he was on the verge of ditching her too.”
“Yeah, I was but only if I could figure out a way to get Danny off her. I was always scared she’d end up selling him although she knew that if she did both Marcene and I would have nothing to do with her again and she would lose all support from us. Danny was her only tie to me.”
“What about her father?” Asked Duke innocently.
Marcene said sadly, “Nathaniel is a lovely guy. Nothing like her, calm, a good provider, a good man.”
“Where is he now?” Asked Duke.
“He went out on a contract one night and I never heard from him again. Sharelle was three at the time. He would never have left us. I believe he died or was unable to get back to us.”
“Who was he contracted to?”
“One of those contracts I was telling you about Duke,” I said, “where they disappear in the night. Accommodation and the basics provided, often they don’t know where they’re going or where they’ve been, pay is pitiful but the hours are long so they come home with something. Those who are desperate will try anything. It’s all off the books and they are airlifted out of Shantytown at night with no trace.”
I looked at the sadness in Marcene’s eyes. Sixteen years and she still missed him. I knew she still looked for him too and that was the saddest thing about disappearances; no resolution, no body, no explanation, no closure and even now, she still hoped he would return one day. She still hoped he had been taken off planet. I wondered about slavery or prostitution which was why I had never taken the risk of these contracts and Nathaniel, she said, had been a good looking man and young when he had disappeared. I shuddered, no one should have to take those risks just to live.
Eager to change the subject I said, “I’ve seen a flat I can afford on line. It’s big enough for us and available next week.”
“Ah, I had an idea on that. Given that it’s going to be very costly in terms of labor to keep you safe I was about to offer you an alternative. Of course you can stay here…”
“I’ve been independent since I was a child,” I reminded my father.
“It’s virtually next door, will cost me nothing extra to guard you all, remember salaries cost more than the rent would and I own it anyway. You can pay me rent if you want to but I have a better idea.”
“What?” I asked suspiciously.
“Rather than pay rent you can buy it off me. Rent to buy or just pay me out. You could leave it to Danny.”
I sat and thought it through. He was right about the salaries costing more than rent and although I wasn’t overly concerned about my own safety, I had to stay alive to raise Danny and he did need protection. I was not convinced that Sharelle had organized to sell Danny. I was sure she had been a pawn and Duke had been unable to find out who was behind that. Her latest boyfriend? Had she recognized me from media outlets? I was told that the only shot allowed of me was one in which I was a right mess and had an oxygen mask on. Photos of children are illegal on media without parent’s permission. I sighed, I’d have to give in on this one for now. I didn’t like it but it did make sense and it would ensure Danny’s safety which was my priority and because I now had Danny and Marcene I couldn’t flat with his security guards. A pity, I’d thought that was a brilliant plan.
“Where?”
“Next door.”
I scowled, I really didn’t like that. “I suppose there’s a connecting door,’ I said sarcastically.
“Ah, yes, but you could lock it from your end.”
I glared at him. I knew who would open the locks and I’d just bet he’d thought of that. One small boy. Still, it would give us a bit more privacy. And I was itching to move into my own place and furnish it! Free!
“When?”
“It’ll be free in about two weeks.”
• • •
The following week I walked into the lounge and left, annoyed, to be immediately recalled by my father. He’d switched the media off so I sat down as the well trained cook lifted his eyebrows and I nodded.
“Why do you leave the lounge every time the news is on?”
“I hate it.”
“Why?”
“It’s full of lies.” I felt the shock/puzzlement mix and said, “the people they interview, most are lying through their teeth. And those gossip ones are the worst, the society ones and some of them, most of them, make up what they say or know damn well their ‘sources’ are liars.”
“You know that for a fact?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“I don’t know. I just do. Most of it they make up or get from someone with equal veracity but every now and again they find out something that’s true and they delight in it. Even when it is none of their business and they hurt people and their children. And they just have no right to publish nasty photos of people. Mostly people aren’t so bad, they just have a lapse of judgment. Like I did. But it turned out ok in my case.” I nodded my thanks as the cook handed me my coffee.
“Is this why you rarely watch the media?”
“Yes.”
I felt Marcene’s amusement beside me. She’d heard my tirades on this before.
“So is this why your knowledge of politics, sports, social events and general news is so poor?”
“Well I guess so.” How did he know that? “Have you been talking to that education guy?” I asked indignantly.
“Of course. The same way you can talk to the crèche leaders. You’re my son and still a minor. That’s going to change next year when you turn eighteen. The media will be able to get after you, follow you, photograph you and generally make your life Hell unless you let my security help.”
“I know that. Poquell warned me. She also told me my picture had been all over the news which was why so many people recognized me even though it wasn’t much of a likeness. I hate that. Some of the reporters tried to interview me at work by pretending to be customers and the other staff had them ‘removed’ by security. Poquell recognized one of them and she hated him. She said some of them have been trespassed so the others gave up.”
“Back to the media,” cut in Duke, “is this Truth Seeking in some form I’ve never heard of or is this just your opinion? Or is it Emote ability…no it can’t be you’re too far away.”
I looked at him, thinking, “I don’t know but I’m sure I’m right and it feels like when I’m Truth Seeking. And don’t worry about the media getting after or harassing me. I’ve been discussing it with some of my co-conspirators and we’ve hatched a plan of action.”
“Who?”
“The usual, Ischi, Cam and Poquell and another couple of guys at work that heard Poquell and I planning our attack.”
“What are you going to do?” Asked Duke, delighted.
“Give them back their own medicine. Ask them some questions, remember they don’t have to reply, they’ll automatically think the reply, they wont be able to avoid doing so, the thought will stimulate the appropriate emotion and I’ll know the truth. Simple. Poquell and Cam both know girls who follow the gossip and they’ll feed me the questions. Then every one of those gutter reporters will know what will happen to them if they get after me…or anyone I care about which includes any girl I like.”
The crucial one for me, the reason I had come up with this was Siobhan who would be helpless in front of the media. Her privacy was my priority. “The girls all think it’s cool fun and the combination of Cam and Ischi is liable to be devastating. Ischi is just plain smart and highly educated and Cam is sneaky, sort of street smart and thinks very fast on her feet. We have a strategy plan with her and Danny in the background, her feeding Danny live information so to speak and Danny passing it on to me.” Both Duke and my father were looking at me in astonished delight.
“Yes I’d noticed those two, Cam and Ischi, hit it off. I’m so glad we got you back Michel. My job is so much more interesting since you arrived on the scene. You are so different to your brother I’m amazed you two were related.”
“What was he like?” I looked at Duke eagerly. I’d noticed no one talked about my brother Steven.
“About the opposite of you,” said Duke with a wary glance at my father, “no financial judgment, no sense of responsibility, a party animal, no judgment really at all, not academic, messy and disorganized, no good at math, a bit of an opportunistic womanizer and not business oriented in the least. But there was no real harm in him and we all hoped he would one day grow up. He needed round the clock security to keep him out of trouble and was forever trying to give my guys the slip. Your Danny has more common sense than he had.”
“Mmm. My Danny has a lot of common sense and has had to grow up fast. Hopefully it will do him no lasting harm.” I watched as my father and Duke nonchalantly wandered into my father’s office. I’d bet they were wondering how to use that information I’d just given them about my ability to Truth Seek media. I knew it wasn’t supposed to be possible. I hadn’t meant to tell them, I’d just blurted it out because I was tired and not thinking. Only the old lady had known about that but we’d put it to good use. We’d made some money out of that. I wondered if my father and Duke would think of the gambling and investment potential…

Chapter Thirteen
I was nearly four hours into my shift when it happened. One minute I was sorting out a (truthful) customer and the next minute I appeared in a corridor, somewhere.
My terrified Danny was struggling in Sharelle’s arms crying, “Daddy, help!” And he was in tears, distraught, bewildered, shocked and horrified.
There were two men with Sharelle. Their emotions were mercenary, nasty, and brutal, neither liked children and they were going to hurt my Danny. They were triumphant, until they saw me appear in front of them. I hit my alarm as I flashed towards the first one and hit him with a haymaker as hard as I could. He went down but his buddy raised his fists with murderous intentions and then slammed backwards into the corridor wall. While he was still winded I punched him in his solar plexus then in the jaw as he slumped down. I looked at Danny. I hadn’t slammed him into the wall. Danny was slumped in exhaustion in Sharelle’s arms. As I stalked towards her, furious, she reluctantly let me take Danny. She was tightly shielding but her Shield leaked like a sieve and I picked up fear, regret, fury and loss.
I slid to the ground against the wall, shocked, as a now sleeping Danny slumped in my arms. I glared at Sharelle, “You idiot! You’ve ruined your life and for what? Money? You’ve just lost your child not to mention your freedom!”
“He was never mine, he was always yours. He didn’t love me he loved you and your father’s worth billions!”
So she had recognized me. I noted remorse was not present anywhere in her toxic emotional soup, she was only sorry for herself now she’d been caught. “You have to give love to get it. He did love you in spite of realizing you put yourself before everyone, before your mother, before him. I’ll be so pleased when you’re off this planet and on your way to a nicer one,” I said sarcastically. We glared at one another.
“I’ll be pleased to see the last of you, you freak. And your freak son!”
At that point, security finally arrived and I watched as they secured my ex-lover, ex housemate and the mother of my child, and led her away along with her accomplices. Why hadn’t she asked nicely for money? Why this? My father would probably have paid her willingly for custody of Danny to go to me. Wearily, I stood up, still cradling my exhausted, sleeping son. I was so glad he hadn’t seen that little exchange. Despite my feelings towards Sharelle, I’d always tried to be civil to her in front of him.
It had taken a split second to arrive, thanks to Danny, but it was a long trudge back to work after figuring out where I was and I was exhausted. Although the guards, who had now arrived, would have carried Danny for me, I was unsure what would happen if Danny woke up in someone else’s arms even though I would be next to him.
I finally reached work and walked in, “Sorry about that,” I said embarrassed and relieved a harassed Poquell behind the front counter. I took my jacket off and tucked Danny into it and onto the floor where he was safe and out of sight and started to attend to the customers who were radiating a mix of curious, scandalized and puzzled, a bit like my work mates behind me. My fists hurt; again!
I had been mindlessly and mechanically processing them through when my father turned up and strode towards me, Duke behind him. I picked Danny up and handed him over as my father said,
“What are you doing here? You should be home. You’re in no fit state to work.”
“I can’t just walk out.”
“Yes you can it’s called sick leave. You’re coming home, now, with me,” he demanded.
I looked apologetically at Poquell but she said, “I think he’s right. You look shattered.”
She’d got that right. I meekly followed my father and Duke and wearily made it home trying to Shield against my father’s fury. I put Danny to bed. He had briefly and sleepily awoken when I laid him down but had quickly gone back to sleep when I lay down with him.
Having finally settled Danny, I dragged myself out into the lounge heading for the kitchen. I was hungry and thirsty but I was immediately hit with fury/suspicion/determination from my father.
“Sit down!” He ordered. “You and I need to talk.” Silently and singly, the other guards left but I noticed he signaled Duke to stay and Marcene stayed sitting like a shadow in the corner.
Now what, I thought?
“I want the truth out of you for a change! Stop bloody well lying to me!! You say you aren’t a Telepath when you clearly are and now it’s clear you can Teleport as well. Why do you keep lying to me!? I can cope with what you are; I lived with your mother. I lived with you and saw what was emerging. What I can’t handle is all the lying!”
There was a prolonged and uncomfortable silence. Finally I said, “I am such a weak Telepath that I have only ever communicated with four people; my mother, a friend, Danny and someone else that I never identified. And sometimes I do hear, sort of overhear, conversations between Telepaths. I can receive, from fairly short distances I think, but I can’t send except for when I’m within feet of someone or unless I’m sending to an extremely powerful receiver. I can only receive from a Telepath and I can only get received from another Telepath. That doesn’t qualify, I don’t think, for what people think a Telepath is. And I can’t Teleport.”
I waited for the explosion I could feel coming. My father’s mind filled with outrage and as he drew in a deep breath and I cringed Duke said simply,
“Then how did you get to Danny? And how did you know he was in trouble?”
There was another long silence until I finally said, “I don’t know and I didn’t know he was in trouble. I think he reached for me and pulled me. My mother did the opposite; she pushed me. If that isn’t what happened then I don’t know what did. I couldn’t hear Danny from that distance and I didn’t hear him, so I don’t think it was anything I did. I didn’t know anything was wrong until I appeared in front of him. I think he just pulled me in panic. He doesn’t know what happened either.”
“What do you mean your mother pushed you?” Asked my father.
“She pushed me to the ground. Out of the spaceship, or a plane, I’m not sure.”
“When?”
“That’s as far back as I can remember. To that day. I remember floating down. I remember her talking to me and keeping me calm, I guess. Until I almost reached the ground and then I fell the last bit and I never heard her again except in my dreams. I think she died. She might have moved out of range but I think she died. I think someone killed her. Or maybe the effort of throwing me killed her. I don’t know.”
At least that took some heat off me for a few seconds as I felt my father’s sorrow and a yearning (to know?) but then he started in on me again.
“I gather you can, really, Truth Seek?”
“Yes.”
“And what else?”
There was another long uncomfortable silence and I finally said, “I can read people’s emotions. Not their thoughts but their feelings. I don’t know how, I don’t know if it’s Psi, I’ve just always been able to.”
“So you’re an Emote,” commented Duke.
“What’s that?”
“What you just described, reading emotions not thoughts. Your mother noticed but wasn’t sure what you were doing.”
I looked at Duke in surprise, “You knew my mother?”
“Yes, very well and Miranda noticed you could do something different but she hadn’t figured out what. Emotes are rarer than Telepaths.”
“She knew.”
They both looked at me in surprise, my father somewhat hurt, because she hadn’t told him, I wondered?
“Is it a Psi ability?”
“Yes,” they both answered.
“What can Danny do?”
I sighed at the determination in my father’s voice. “He’s still learning. Port, Path obviously but nothing else apparent yet.”
“So how are you going to handle that as a parent?” Wondered Duke, amused.
“Sometimes I Shield, sometimes I real…now what have I done wrong!?!” I winced at the fury emanating from my father.
“You didn’t tell me you could Shield!” Yelled my father, his disgust/suspicion rising yet again.”
“Well how the Hell do you think I handle working in a Complaints Job!?”
“We didn’t know you were an Emote,” answered Duke sweetly, “someone who was just a Truth Seeker wouldn’t have a problem.”
“Oh.” He was right, I realized sheepishly. I hadn’t thought of it that way.
“So how well can you Shield?” Duke remained annoyingly amused. This man who was reputed to have a deficient sense of humor was enjoying himself. He felt a mix of amused, interested and sympathetic.
“I’m on a steep learning curve but I’m getting better!”
“Yes I’ll just bet you are. So how did Danny get such extraordinary abilities? Does his mother have some gifts?” Asked my father his anger reducing.
“I would have said no until now,” I said slowly, thinking. “But if Shielding is a Psi ability, she has that. I think. She could hide things from me.” I remembered how she managed to hide it each time she had another man and was planning to kick me out of my own home again or leave. She must have been able to Shield. That would explain it. “There was a leakage if it was a strong emotion and she could generally Shield from Danny but not always.” I paused, wondering. “I think Marcene can Shield as well. They were very peaceful to live with because I wasn’t deluged with their emotions all the time and I did sometimes wonder why.”
I looked over at Marcene as she said, “both Nathaniel and I can Shield and he has a little Telepathy but Sharelle could only Shield.”
Again, I sadly noticed that she spoke of Nathaniel as if he was still alive. “I don’t know much about Psi. If there was a school for that I’d go!”
“There is.”
I looked at my father in shock. I’d been kidding but he wasn’t. “That would be a problem with hiding what we can do.”
“I think it’s a little late for that. As far as the general news following public is concerned, you are as Talented as your mother was and your little stunt today was well witnessed at both ends of the jump and everyone thinks that was your doing,” my father wryly commented. “And if Danny pulled you, that’s Telekinesis, another Psi ability, not Teleportation which is moving yourself. ”
I’d been slowly working through what he’d been saying, “So Danny seems to have inherited my abilities and my mother’s, augmented by Sharelle’s. Yes? What could my mother do?”
Path, Port and Telekinesis. Nothing else. Your Shielding ability comes from me. I think my mother could Shield and so can I when I chose to. I’ve no idea where the Emote and Truth Seeking abilities came from. And you both need to learn what you have and how to use it. In my opinion, that takes precedence over working. Since I am your father and you are still a minor, my opinion carries considerable weight. You both are going to be enrolled in Psi School. On second thought I think you should go too Marcene because it may help you keep Danny safe. And since you can Shield you’re qualified to attend. Any comments?”
“No,” I sighed, “I agree.”
“Well that makes a nice change,” he said sarcastically.
Marcene was silent but I felt her interest. She would go too.
• • •
There was another long pause but not as uncomfortable a pause. I looked up at my father, “I wasn’t intentionally lying to you. I didn’t understand most of this myself and I’ve had a lifetime of being called a freak and of people being frightened of me or angry at me and wildly over estimating what I can do. I cannot read normal minds! I didn’t know how you would react. I didn’t know what you would think of me and Danny. I’m sorry.”
“You don’t trust me, that’s clear. You don’t remember me and I find that difficult to understand, especially since you remember your mother so well.”
I felt the hurt along with the puzzlement, “Well how much did I see of you?”
“You saw me every day. Your mother lived a fairly isolated life because she couldn’t Shield. She was subject to the fear and anger you can Shield from as well as people’s thoughts. It was overwhelming for her. She brought you to my office almost every day, mostly for lunch. Every night I read to you. Sometimes, when your mother was ill, I stayed home and cared for you both. Sometimes you came to work with me. Sometimes I took over your care once I had finished work. I took you to the park several times a week, sometimes to let your mother rest. You and I had a lot of daily contact. I’m telling you the truth!”
I winced as I felt the hurt, the truth and the frustration pouring from him. “I know that now. I don’t know why I don’t remember. I just always thought you’d abandoned us or kicked us out. Knowing the truth isn’t feeling it.” I stopped, realizing that sounded stupid but surprisingly I felt he did understand that. “How did she cope with not being able to Shield?”
“By being surrounded by people who accepted what she was. Sometimes she jumped into my office rather than risk people’s reactions to her in the corridor. That was another reason I had the tiny bedroom in my office built. She jumped there, in safety.”
“You knew I stayed there,” I guessed.
“I arranged for you to be told about it. It was Duke’s idea. He thought you would remember it.”
“I didn’t but…maybe I did. I did feel safe there.”
“You sometimes slept there as a child. When your mother was sick or in hospital and I had to work.”
I nodded, that would explain how I had felt it was a safe place. I wandered off to check on Danny and heard Marcene behind me going to her room. I’d bet she was thinking about what Sharelle had done. I felt the distress and the misplaced guilt pouring out of her despite her Shield which gave me a fair idea as to how distraught she was. After checking on Danny I tapped lightly on her door. Receiving no answer but being deluged by her distress, I entered. Marcene was racked by sobs. For nearly an hour I held her while she poured out her distress.
“I don’t understand her, I never could. I loved her unconditionally until she sold Danny. I had a lot to say about that and I made her listen. She promised me never to do anything like that again. She promised me, Jay.”
“Marcene she made other promises and I doubt she kept many of those. She’s no good Marcene. She never was. It’s not your fault, I know you loved her. She had something missing.”
“But she was my child and I loved her. Now I can’t bear to even visit her, I haven’t returned her calls and I don’t want to. Soon she’ll leave this planet and I’ll never see her again and what kind of a life will she have? What will happen to her?”
“I can’t answer that, I don’t know.”
“My baby and my husband. I’ve lost them both. I’m all alone,” she sobbed.
“You have me and you have Danny. You’re not alone.”
“What can I do, Jay?”
“Nothing. In fact that’s what I’m going to do. I’m not going to see her and I’m going to encourage Danny not to also. If she faces some consequences she might re think her future strategy. She might understand it’s not ok and that she crossed the line.”
“She’s my baby.”
“She’s a psychopath who needs to learn there are some rules you shouldn’t break. She knows you love her. She will get the point if you ignore her. It’s the best lesson you can now give her. She will get that. She might reason better in future and she might do better as a result.”
I wasn’t sure if that was right and I was scared it would make Sharelle bitter. I just didn’t know. My strategy was to protect Danny and I was primarily worried that she would call Danny a freak to his face. I finally persuaded Marcene to at least think about it. Sharelle being poor, having no money for a lawyer and having been caught red handed so to speak, she had no defense and justice would be short unless I asked my father to help and I wasn’t planning on doing that. The further away she was, the safer my custody of Danny would be and the less risk she would be to him. I thought it through. In that order.

Chapter Fourteen
The days went by with Marcene slowly improving and looking less like an actor in a horror movie but her emotions were taking longer to heal. She was still spooked if anyone came up behind her but mainly the sadness of her emotions indicated to me that she was thinking about Sharelle.
Danny was getting used to crèche and now had two guards since one had been injured when the men had jumped the guard to kidnap Danny. And I was increasing my hours to full time which left me exhausted by the end of the work day. It had taken two weeks for the courts to reverse my restriction from ‘building arrest’ and tomorrow I could officially leave the building. My father was furious at the delay but his lawyer told us that,
“Release is only instant when it has been planned in advance like a sentence. That is done by computer at a set time. This has to be done individually via an over-ride on the original restraining order. It is slow, complicated to avoid misuse and bribery and involves multiple checks and we will just have to wait. Two weeks is about average.”
Marcene and I were going to take Danny to the park outside and we were going to travel by bus which Danny had never done before. I trudged home, tired and wanting only to sleep. I’d taken to having a nap before dinner to Danny’s disgust. He wanted a story the minute I got home which was our usual, before my father had caused such a massive disruption in my life. Before him, I had struggled to get work. Now, I had more work than I wanted and a lack of health and general energy with which to perform it.
And that wasn’t the only problem. There were generally at least two girls a day trying pick up lines on me. There was nothing I could do about it. I had no energy by the end of the day. Dating was for the remote future although I would find Siobhan and check out that possibility first. Most of the girls thought I just didn’t like them or thought I thought I was too good for them and nothing was further from the truth. I was getting a reputation for being standoffish. Only Ischi and Cam were understanding of the real problem. Although I hadn’t confirmed it, they’d both concluded I was after someone and I hadn’t denied it. Both of them were smart, independent, gutsy and adorable each in their own ways. Both had a somewhat overactive sense of humour where I was concerned and both teased me, realizing there was nothing I could do about the girl problem. I noted what good friends they were now too, especially when they ganged up on me.
But they both helped me as well. Cam had told one overly persistent girl that her duties included repelling hopefuls and Ischi told another girl to “line up and the queue’s around the corner,” indicating out the window. We were twenty floors up. And they were the polite rebuttals. Ischi’s recounting of this to Duke was the only time I saw Marcene smile in days. Cam often ‘walked me home’ while Ischi had the job of doing daily medical checks on me after tea. It had been years since anyone had had this K fever and Dr. Janie was worried about complications. I’d found out she hated it when faced with something new. When I had protested these daily medicals Ischi had responded,
“Dr. Janie will pull your medical if I don’t do these. She thinks you’re not recovering fast enough and I’m telling her you’re tired but managing. I’m not telling her you have no energy left by the end of the work day.”
Today the guard escorting me was one I didn’t know and I was too tired even to ask his name. This escorting nonsense had started as soon as I had started work and possibly before; probably before. Originally I had got annoyed but I gradually got used to it and now they walked openly with me rather than practicing their surveillance skills. I was late today as well because the office had been so crowded today after big sales last week and the others had begged me to stay an extra hour because I made it so easy for them. As I walked through the apartment door and headed for my bedroom, too tired even to eat, I was aware my father was in the lounge reading a story to Danny which was my job. Strangely jealous, I turned to listen.
As I stood there my head spun and I collapsed on the floor. My head felt like it had exploded and I gasped as I struggled to THINK with a brain that wouldn’t. I was dimly aware of others around me and someone was screaming. It was a while before I realized it was me. I looked up into Danny’s panicked face and realized I couldn’t hear him either in my mind or audibly. No, that wasn’t exactly true; I could hear sounds but I couldn’t understand them.
Terrified, I firmly shut my mouth and curled up into a ball on the floor slamming my Shield on full. At least that worked and I could protect Danny from me. Time passed. I was vaguely aware of something pricking my arm and a mild calm sensation went through me. It didn’t all last but enough remnants of it did to drop the panic level from terrified to just shattered. My guts relaxed a little from the tight, painful, entangled, knotted mess that was worse than usual.
After a while I looked up. Ischi was there and had moved everyone else back except Danny, of course; he was in Mama Bear mode. She had the contents of her medical bag on the floor. I reassessed myself. My mind felt like it was in low/low gear but at last it was at least considering working.
“What’s wrong?” Ischi asked and I realized she’d been using variations of those words. Now what did that mean? I forced my brain to think and I was finally able to understand what I thought those words meant. That helped but could I reply? I struggled to find the words I wanted to say and finally found some that I thought were correct.
“Something’s happened to my brain.”
“Are you in pain?”
Carefully, I analyzed these words until I was fairly sure I understood what she meant. “No, no pain. It won’t go.”
“Is someone attacking you?”
I hadn’t thought of that. Slowly and with difficulty I tried to assess myself. “I don’t know. I don’t understand. I think it’s me.”
“Describe what’s happening. Duke says it happened in a flash; he was looking at you when it happened. There’s no increase in temperature or pressure and no bleeding so it is unlikely to be organic in origin. I take it it’s emotional?”
I was flummoxed. What did those words mean? I couldn’t answer that. “I can’t think properly.”
“Why?”
I struggled to work out what was happening when Danny said, “there’s lots of things in there I haven’t seen before, but nobody else.”
So much for my shielding! Everyone looked at Danny and I saw his face was losing its panicked expression. Relief flooded through me, I must be getting better. He cocked his head to one side and I saw his eyes narrow as they did when he was thinking hard. We looked at each other.
<Can you hear me now?>
<Yes. Don’t yell.> I felt Danny’s relief and my relief. This, I could do. I understood him without struggling! I could understand him and reply immediately!
<I’m not yelling>
<Whisper>
<I am. Can you hear me?>
<Yes>
“Can someone else join in this conversation?” Asked Ischi sarcastically.
“Sorry,” we both said.
“Danny, what did you mean, ‘things you haven’t seen before,’” I heard Ischi say.
Slowly I sat up. I felt sore and stiff and moving took an awful amount of effort; working out how to do it. I felt like I was trying to move through treacle. Thick treacle. I looked at Danny who was still looking at me.
<Don’t know>
<Never mind love, I don’t either>
“What’s happening?”
I looked up, recognizing that voice and saw Daddy. He looked older. I looked around and where was I? Oh God, my Daddy! I struggled towards him and threw my arms around him sobbing, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” I said automatically because everyone was looking at me which usually meant I’d done something wrong.
I clung to him. He was here, he would fix it he always did but part of my mind was still reeling. Why was he so small? He wasn’t much bigger than me. I felt the familiar love flowing from him but also bewilderment and fright. Why was he frightened? He was supposed to calm me.
“He’s all confused,” I heard Danny say.
Confused. He’d got that right! But that was a big word for Danny. Who was Danny?
“Michel,” my father said softly and I looked up at his beautiful brown eyes. We looked at each other for a few seconds? Minutes?
“Do you remember me?”
“Of course,” why was he asking me that? I looked around wondering again where I was and who were these people? This wasn’t home/yes it was.
“Where are we?” I sighed and snuggled into my Daddy again. Behind me, around me, I heard people talking and Danny’s little voice but I tuned them all out and clung to Daddy. He would fix it, whatever was wrong. I heard a voice close beside me as I felt another prick in my arm.
“Go to sleep Michel. Your brain will fix itself while you’re asleep.”
Bloody Ischi and her needles.
• • •
I awoke, sleepy, and looked at Danny who was lying beside me and looking at me. He was dressed and I could smell milk on his breath which went with the tide mark around his lips.
<Who dressed you?>
<Me and Nana. She said it’s her job now>
I shut my eyes as the confusion re-started in my brain. It wasn’t as bad and I could tell I was still sedated and that suited me fine. Ischi was right. I wove my sleepy way to the bathroom then headed for a coffee to wake myself up, Danny trotting after me. I looked in surprise as the cook put a coffee in my hand. Normally, I made this first one on my own. I looked at Danny and wondered if he’d ordered it when I started to stir. As I went to sit down, my father appeared and I felt the longing/love/query/apprehension. I put my coffee down, walked over and hugged him.
“I’ve got my memory back.” I felt the flood of love and relief.
“That’s what Ischi thought. At first she thought it was physical and then she wondered if someone was attacking you through Psi but Danny was adamant there was no one else there. She sort of examined you using Danny. She’s a very smart girl that one. She thought of things I’d never have thought of; possibilities I’d never have considered like a Psi attack and using Danny to help examine you. We talked a lot after she put you to sleep. Danny and Ischi reckon the story I was reading Danny could have been the trigger that dissolved the block in your memory. It was your favorite, I remember and Danny said he hasn’t heard that one before. Do you know why she blocked your memory?”
“My mother did this to me? No,” said the child memory within me as ‘yes’ said the adult. “She stopped me remembering that last day,” I said slowly, working it through. I shut up as I became aware that Danny was here, listening and reading my thoughts as I thought them. Reluctantly, I shielded and said to him, “Poppet there are some things I know now that are too dangerous for you to know. And I have to tell my father.”
Danny’s gaze sharpened, “You’ve remembered who kidnapped you.”
Oh, why did I have such a smart kid and he wasn’t even four yet? “Yes and it’s a huge secret. You can’t tell anyone. You can’t be overheard talking about it.” He knew immediately what I meant,
<Shield when you even think about it>
<No, Shield before you think about it>
<Ok.>
Marcene picked up Danny and left. I put as strong a Shield around us that I could manage and I quickly spoke with my father and Duke starting at the beginning.
“We were going to the park on the roof and had got there when Mummy gasped and fainted. I whirled around to see one of the security guards had something over her mouth and I felt another heading for me and I knew he was bad. They weren’t the guards that had come with us cos they’d been nice. They must have changed shifts. Their Shields were leaking. That happens when you do bad things. I ran away but they just looked at me and eventually I had to come back. I couldn’t leave her.” I paused remembering the agony I had been in and the look of amused contempt on the faces of the men, “both of the men were your security guards,” I repeated noting the sorrow/betrayal/anger from my father and the ‘not surprised’ feeling from Duke. He’d suspected that?
“We were picked up from the roof and taken up to a ship and locked in a sort of hold. Mummy woke up after a while and asked me to tell her what the men wanted and I told they were bad and they wanted her to do something for them but I didn’t know what and it was bad and they were going to kill us. Our bracelets were gone and Mummy was really upset about that. Both men were shielding their thoughts so Mummy couldn’t read them.” I paused and felt the shock hit me. “I could feel them through their shielding,” I gasped, “I don’t know how I did that. Oh, yes I do.” I felt something like a flood of knowledge, almost like a computer screen opening in my mind when I remembered reading their feelings through their shields. I knew how to do it; how to read through other’s shields, how to Shield myself and still read through it. This was going to make my job a breeze! No more head aches, no more nausea and I could keep an ear on the whole room not just my customer. I could walk home and feel out for danger while protecting myself from people’s emotions, I could filter!! I suddenly realized that’s what I could do!!
I looked up at my father, “You taught me! You taught me to Shield. You taught me to filter but I forgot how.”
“I tried to teach you but you didn’t seem to be able to filter. I can’t do it of course but my mother could and that’s how she tried to teach me. Oh,” he said and I guess we both realized the implications of that; if his mother had needed to filter then she must have had some Psi ability she needed to filter from. So she was the origin of the Emote or truth Seeking or both!
“Looks like I’m not the only one with secrets.” I grinned as I saw and felt his discomfort, bewilderment and then embarrassment.
“I must have learnt, practiced, I don’t know but I knew how to do it that day. The next thing I knew I was floating down, outside the ship and she was talking to me while I floated. You know the rest,” and I closed off my thoughts from the horrors that followed.
“Why did she put a block on your memory?” My dad wondered. He looked at me but I shook my head. “I don’t know,” I lied. I would ensure he never found out. Intellectually, I knew what they’d done, to me and probably to her. Emotionally, she’d protected me by blanking out the memory. There were still huge gaps in that day and I was grateful for the gaps because I knew what had happened in the gaps. It had been years before I had realized what the significance of the soreness and bleeding had meant; what they’d done to me. To a four year old. How could they?
But Duke was pondering something else, “I’ve thought about where she threw him and why. The only theory I’ve got that makes any sense is that she missed. If you look at where he ended up Jed, there’s a police station just outside the fence. Could she have been throwing him there but she missed and he landed short?”
I shook my head. I didn’t know but I looked at the map he brought up on screen. I looked at my dad and shrugged. “That makes sense. She wouldn’t have intended me to land where I did. But why didn’t she throw me home?”
We all looked at each other but none of us had any answers.
“Maybe she simply threw me onto the planet and towards a city or maybe she…” I stopped. We would never know. “Maybe she was dying and simply getting me out of there and hoping I would be safer or die quicker.”
“Did you see the ship from the outside?” Asked my dad softly.
“Yes, it was one of the Jepson Fleet. And the men were thinking of the money they would get from Jules. He was involved.” I knew I was right. One of my father’s rivals.
“Were you in competition over something?”
“Yes, I won a huge amalgamated contract just after your kidnapping. She was my main contender.”
“She? Jules is a woman? A woman ordered our kidnapping and murdered my mother?”
“Women can be evil too,” murmured Duke, “and she is right up there, utterly ruthless. She’d be capable of this.”
I was gob smacked. Up until now I’d thought women were mostly ok and it was men who were evil, except Sharelle of course, but that’s how it tended to be in Shantytown. I wondered how ruthless my dad was and before I thought I said, “have you ever done stuff like that? Kidnap or murder?”
“No!” He replied, indignant, and then smiled at my embarrassment. “I will modify that,” he said thoughtfully, “my lot have defended themselves but I’ve never knowingly stooped to murder.”
I looked at Duke, who looked me straight in the eye and said, “No!”
“Sorry,” I muttered.
There was a long silence, then I felt the feelings change and looked up to see the faint amusement as my dad and Duke looked at each other. I’d noted before that those two communicated very well without words and without Telepathy. They both looked at me.
“I want revenge for myself and my mother,” I said softly, “and I can see how to do it.”
“No, I forbid you, don’t even think about it!”
“What were you thinking of?” Duke enquired as we both ignored my dad.
“When you are a very little fish in a big bad pond, you find ways to survive. Hide, is the most common, especially for children. You see things when you’re hidden, things others don’t want seen, things people would kill to cover up. I’ve spent a lot of my life hiding and seen a lot others would rather I hadn’t. And I have a very good memory.” I shuddered, remembering, “I’ve also spent a large portion of my life being very angry with much bigger fish and plotting revenge. Revenge I now have the opportunity to take.” I said thinking of Monty and his Mob as well. I could practice on them.
“Now stop right there! My security are not your private army!”
“No, they’re yours and I presume you would like revenge too? Did you know that Jules recruits labor from Shantytown and that he, she, is very careless about such niceties as Health and Safety of employees, contracts, rights etc? Remember she recruits and bypasses the scanners, so there is no record of who works for her and so if they die or for some other reason never return then she is never held accountable? That’s who Nathaniel was working for Marcene believes. Not only did he not come back, they denied he went with them and said he must have taken another contract. Since there is no proof, no contract, no insignia on the aircraft, no one has any proof. No badly injured employees have ever returned and I don’t need an explanation there either. She isn’t the only clandestine employer but she is by far the worst.”
“So that’s how she managed to undercut me on quotes. How could that be kept quiet?”
“Who would listen? For that matter who cares?” I answered bitterly, “They’re only Shantytowners. I have no proof but I believe she works alongside Monty’s Mob.”
“I know of him. Fingers in a lot of pies. What’s your plan?”
Duke was definitely interested and we both ignored my scowling father. “Exposure, but with evidence. And I know who has the evidence. Care to expand our little family with one more?”
My father sighed deeply, “Another waif or stray?”
I grinned at him, “Someone who will help you, a stray, another who will need medical help. Another who will be immensely valuable to you,” and I explained how. My father winced but nodded and Duke looked like he was in deep thought plotting the tactics and strategy for a war, which he probably was. At least I hoped he was. It was how he thought according to Cam.
Cam told me my father recruited his security forces from the military and from law enforcement where he could and Duke was from the former. Cam said he’d resigned ahead of a dishonorable discharge, as so often happens. According to Cam, the rumor was he’d belted a senior officer for incompetence. A senior officer who was from a powerful local Sanctuary military family while Duke was Terran immigrant stock. So Duke jumped before he was pushed and was allowed to presumably because the officer did not want the details of his incompetence known. Duke had risen through the ranks to sergeant in ten years which was fast going for a Terran immigrant. Within another ten years, he became head of my father’s personal security, soon after my mother and I were taken. That would make him in his early fifties now; a bit younger than my father.
I had to wait till Danny was asleep before I thought through what I could remember of that last day. I shuddered as I remembered how bewildered I had been to land, in the dark, somewhere I didn’t know and with a mind blanked out, sore, with injuries both from the landing and from before. I grieved for the life begun that day. For the loss of childhood and innocence. Had a woman ordered that to be done to us? How could she have? Or had those men decided to abuse us before killing us? But she was guilty too whether she had ordered that or not and I vowed I would make her pay for that. I wondered why I could not remember the horrors of that day even now. It was only on an intellectual level that I knew I had been raped by the injuries I had been left with.

Chapter Fifteen
We had to wait seven weeks for the next Psi class to start and I put the time to good use. We got the keys to the next door apartment which was not as large as my father’s and was three bed roomed not four. I enthusiastically started to fill it from the freebies in the basement to the disgust and embarrassment of my father and the understanding amusement of Duke, Cam, and Ischi and of course Warren who helped me. My father sarcastically suggested I keep his mobile Cleaner permanently at my apartment and I took up his suggestion. It got a real workout. Marcene and Danny picked through the choices I brought and we took the leftovers to Shantytown and gave them to the church to be distributed fairly. I enjoyed that part as much as I enjoyed watching Marcene and Danny pick out what they wanted. Many times I had enjoyed the nicest of meals at the church both instant and sit down but by far the former.
I told Warren and Poquell, “Every second day from morning tea time till lunchtime, when stocks permitted, the church gave out concentrate made into a porridge and mixed in giant cauldrons that were bigger than I was when I first started going here and they have a strict policy; women and children first, the old, sick and injured next, and the fit young men last. The porridge is the cheapest form of concentrate by far, and we all got to eat the plate when it was finished and as a kid I liked that the best. The plates were all different flavours as was the concentrate. The plates were flash baked from concentrate. They also made concentrate into flavored bars and baked them and these were given out to every child as we entered school for the day which encouraged virtually every child to attend school. The teachers insisted we started school with food and drink because they said hungry kids didn’t learn much.” I smiled, school days were the best of my memories before Danny.
“There was concentrate for lunch and it was usually the best quality that could be obtained with added minerals and vitamins needed for us. We kids got the best along with the medical centre. Sometimes there were other types of food but there was always something to eat. We were allowed two years of schooling and I got a bit more because I was good at math and because I was thought to be an orphan and, as they categorized me, ‘an unsupported minor.’ That gave me more in the way of handouts because they sometimes gave out clothes and blankets and other useful things. I got a solar computer from them once but it was a bit of a liability.”
“How can a computer be a liability?” Poquell asked, puzzled.
“Solar. Had to be outside in daylight to use it. Prime target for thieves,” I added as she still hadn’t got it. I watched the sadness and horror as the penny dropped.
“So did someone steal it from you?”
“Eventually.” Someone from Monty’s Mob; of course.
“I’m puzzled,” said Poquell, “why do the people in Shantytown have no income? What do they live on?”
“They live off charity, illegal income and the occasional legal work. They are a pool of casual labor with no rights, no minimum wages, well ‘minimum wage’ so called is ten units an hour although some do work for less. Children work too and for less wage than that even.”
“But the minimum wage is twenty units an hour!”
“That’s why employers recruit from there.”
“But how do people end up in Shantytown?”
“They’re born there, lose their job, have criminal convictions, are unregistered, illegals, there’s a lot of drug and alcohol addicts, gambling addicts, people evicted from their homes or from mortgagee sales, refugees of all kinds. Some just can’t handle money and shanties are home made.”
“But surely some people are citizens?”
“Yes some are but they have to live there or they choose to.”
“Who would choose to live there?!”
“Criminals do. People who for various reasons can’t afford housing. Or want it free. The predator and the preyed on. It’s a Police ‘no go’ area except in force. Every now and then they do a raid but there is an informant or two in the Police force and the gangs are usually tipped off,” I said not adding that that was the chief reason I didn’t have a criminal record. Their surveillance cameras had caught me numerous times but no one could prove what I was carrying. Detecting video cameras was extremely difficult given their tiny size but I had found several by watching as the cops planted them and since they were worth a packet this had been a nice little earner for me and since Monty wasn’t the only customer I got paid well too. One of the jobs I learned to do whilst hiding from whomever.
• • •
With the help of all my assistants, I was now collecting food every week and delivering it to the church, medical centre or the school, different times and days every week to limit the security risk. My father went along with this which was just as well as he had to provide the ‘escort’ and Cam, Ischi, Poquell, Jenaya and Warren helped. Warren always turned up with a variety of other stuff from the basement as well and often with one of the others with him. To everyone’s surprise, Ivan came with Warren on occasions and proved to be a good scrounger also. But Warren was my main helper and it wasn’t hard to see why.
As he told me, “Well I was bored, I’m an excellent scrounger and I love it and this gives me a reason, an excuse, a mission and even my parents are pleased with me. They’re a bit shocked that I picked Shantytown to help but they approve mostly. They’re not so horrified at the scrounging now either since I’ve put it to good use.”
That wasn’t all though and I suspected an ulterior motive that was a wee incentive. Warren had an eye for the ladies but women were a lot less interested in him and I could see why. He had no ambition, only basic education, no real training and outside Shantytown, ladies were choosey. Inside Shantytown though, he was a big fish in a little pond. He was legally employed, had a flat, was being a philanthropist and he was very polite and respectful to everyone but especially to the ladies. They noticed. I suspected they would be even more interested if they knew what kind of money he was making. I didn’t think he’d stay single for long now and that would please his parents too even if she was from Shantytown. They wanted grandchildren as he’d so often been told by them.
• • •
I returned to work one morning having been thinking and planning. We were now living sort of all together and I no longer found that such a problem. I had noticed some changes in me. I was more relaxed, less anxious, sleeping a lot better, happier, easy now with my father and my sense of humour was greatly increased. I hadn’t had an anxiety attack since the block had come off and I was hoping that would be permanent. I could eat when I wanted to instead of having the nausea and ‘entangled intestines’ feeling which was so common with me plus the diarrhoea that usually went with it. I might even put on some weight; the doctors kept telling me I was underweight. Also I was starting to be able to trust which was making my ‘volunteer’ job easier. We lived in my Dad’s apartment, moving next door to sleep. Dad loved it and I had been overruled on independence by Ischi, Danny and Marcene.
Mainly by Ischi who told me, “Marcene is in no fit state to be a housekeeper, cook, and babysitter and you can only handle work; nothing else. She can only handle Danny. Marcene is emotionally shattered; she has PTSD.”
“What’s that?”
“Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The chief way you can help her to recover is to reduce stress, reduce expectations on her, reduce her workload and make her feel safe. I’m giving her tranquillizers and sleeping tablets so that’s keeping her anxiety down and helping her rest and sleep. The attack was the main stressor, I think, with Sharelle’s stupidity and probable sentencing next week coming in a strong second. The problem with Sharelle is not only what she did but that she betrayed all of you.”
“Yes I know that.”
“But I doubt you realize how significant it is for Marcene. Has Marcene only got one child?”
“Yes. I think she is still waiting for her husband to return.”
“Where is he?”
“He went out from Shantytown on a contract about sixteen years ago and nothing has been heard from him since.”
“Did others go with him?”
“Yes. None came back from the group he went with though seven came back from another group of eight. They say one of their group died. They know nothing about the other group.”
“What was the job?”
“I don’t know and neither does Marcene. She says Nathan was told three months work for six months pay, one month’s pay in advance, given to his family as he got into the aircraft. Marcene made that pay last a year and then had to find a job.”
“Didn’t she enquire?”
“To who? It was all ‘off the record,’ no contract, no boss, no acknowledged job. She took a risk and reported it to police but there was no proof of anything.”
Ischi sighed, “Anything could be true. It may be true he has another family but that may be because they won’t let him return.”
I nodded, “But still, whatever, Marcene had no closure and couldn’t move on. I remember what an old lady cop once told me. Death, you get over quickest with instant closure, heaps of support usually and quick recovery, relatively speaking. Divorce takes at least twice as long to get over with slow closure or only partial closure and little support. Disappearance is the worst with no closure, varied support and sometimes no recovery. That’s where Marcene is, she told me, with her life on hold.”
“And now we add attempted rape and a severe beating to the mix plus Sharelle. Easy to see why Marcene spends her time now sitting beside security guards in an armed encampment.”
“Surrounded by luxury and all the food she can eat and she has no appetite. She has a huge luxurious bed and she either can’t sleep or has nightmares and is the most unhappy I’ve ever seen her,” I added. “But Danny is her saving grace and he is the most well behaved he’s ever been. He’s so protective of her.”
I worried what to do about Marcene with my Dad insistent that she attend School too and I worried that she wouldn’t cope. She refused to go anywhere unescorted. She had money to shop and for the first time in her life had access to shops and was terrified in crowds and wouldn’t go outside the apartment except for crèche where she was escorted by two daily security guards who now stayed with her and Danny. I had had to get all her clothes for her and everything else she needed except for some on-line shopping she did. She still kept looking over her shoulder all the time. She jumped at noises, she was hyper alert, she panicked at a change in routine, she burst into tears frequently, kept forgetting things and losing things and I wondered how much worse she would have been without the medication Ischi got for her. It had me so upset I didn’t know what to do. My serene, resilient, unflappable, smart, problem solving, peacemaking mother-in-law was now a nervous wreck.

Chapter Sixteen
Six weeks after Sharelle’s arrest one of Dad’s lawyers got us all together in the lounge. He tried to arrange it after Danny had gone to bed but with Danny’s abilities that proved impossible and the meeting convened with Danny sitting determinedly beside me.
“Your father asked me to advise and guide Sharelle,” he began, “not an easy task. It took some time for her to accept that I was not there to get her off and she was going to have to get the best sentence she could. Finally, with a lot of encouragement and straight talking from me, Sharelle pled guilty and accepted forced labor with a Terraforming and home steading group that I found for her. They accepted her because your Dad increased their budget if they did and, I suspect, because some of them thought they could reform her. I doubt that. It also helped that she’s young and female and has a child with powerful Psi abilities. She’s plaguing me with messages for you all mostly begging for things to make her life more comfortable and with a lot of manipulative and self pity statements thrown in.” He paused, looking around at us all.
“I agree with Michel. I think silence from you all and no help or support is the best lesson she will ever learn about her conduct and its’ consequences. I told her your father paid for her to go for Danny’s sake, that Michel won’t let Danny see her because he won’t take the chance she’ll just use that visit for begging and guilt tripping Danny and that Marcene has wiped her.”
I looked at Marcene in surprise but she just looked rigidly ahead. I looked at my father wondering what that had cost him. I knew Danny had been at him to help her and I knew that for every item added, the fuel costs went up so he probably had to pay for that too so they could take it.
“When does she leave?” Danny asked in a little voice.
“I don’t know. In the next transport available for…suitable for her. The group will pick her up from the space station.”
There were no questions anyone wanted to ask so he left soon after and I put a strangely quiet Danny to bed. He didn’t ask for a story and his little head was full of worry.
“It will be better than Shantytown for her,” I said, “they won’t let her starve but she will have to work and she won’t like that. It’ll do her good. It’s a lot better than what could have happened, where she could have ended up. The penal colonies for women aren’t as bad as for men but they’re rumored to be pretty bad. Most penal colonies are hard labor and that’s not so bad it’s what happens after work that can be bad and that’s not so bad in the women’s camps but that depends on who is there and if someone takes a dislike to someone. Where she’s going now will be civilized and will have rules. That means she will have to obey them but so will all the others. Are you sure you don’t want a story?”
“No.”
I cuddled in behind Danny, tired out myself and tried, unsuccessfully to soothe him. He blocked me.
• • •
The next day I plucked up my courage while at work and phoned my boss who persisted in never being at work when I was. I had never seen him. The others were highly amused at this but I wondered what he was hiding. But more important was that I needed time off to go to school and I had a plan.
“Mr Griffin,” I said, “my father has ordered me to go to school for a six week course but I want to keep my job. Could I still work full time but work a double shift in the weekends and work after school in the evenings? The course may be shorter. It depends on how well I do but it should be only a few weeks. I promise to work thirty hours or more a week.”
“This will be highly disruptive,” he answered.
“I realize that, but I would hate to have to leave now. It would not look good on my C.V. Will you let me try it?”
“I’ll let you try it but I want minimal disruption in the workplace.”
“Thank you Mr. Griffin, I’ll ensure you don’t regret it.”
• • •
I told the others at work that I had to work different hours and why.
“He wouldn’t dare fire you and especially not without a good reason. We’ve told him how fast work is with you here,” declared Poquell.
Privately, I wondered what his problem was, both with me and with what he was hiding. I was now working nine to ten hour days by working straight through and taking no breaks. Warren had told me breaks of less than five minutes weren’t counted so I’d dash into the staff room to grab a drink and something to eat from the dispenser and drink and nibble while working. No official breaks. My snacking like this didn’t bother the customers and the staff loved it because it made their day easier.

Chapter Seventeen
The day for Psi School finally arrived. As Marcene, Danny and I entered the school, and scanned in our bracelets we were directed to the class room for new entrants and picked up name tags to wear around our necks. We sat there, me feeling uncomfortable and Danny excited at his first day of ‘school.’
<Stop bouncing!> I said and was startled to hear two kids chuckling at that and see three adults smiling at us. Oops. I kept a tight Shield, feeling a mix of uneasy and vulnerable but also almost as excited as Danny as I looked around a motley collection of individuals, from a wide age range from old to Danny being the youngest but with Danny being one of three children. As we sat there, two more children came in aged about eight and ten with another adult. A screen was scrolling through ‘rules of this class’ and I picked up the audio and made Danny listen to it while we waited because although he could read, I knew he would just pretend and nothing would get in. Unless it was a story, forget it.
• • •
Finally the teacher entered saying, “Good morning class. Whatever you expect from school, toss it out. This one runs differently. We use Psi in a total immersion way; in every way we can think of except for where it is impractical, like now when I am speaking aloud. We’ll start now.”
There was an uncomfortable silence as the teacher looked around the room and then an old looking woman started hesitantly to speak,
“The teacher has asked that I introduce him. His name is Riley Symonds and he has a thorough knowledge of Psi Talents plus three Psi abilities; Telepath, Teleport and Telekinesis which is why he is a teacher. He says he can teach you to use, develop and increase what you can do and usually he finds you have other Talents you don’t know about. He says none of his Talents are strong. He says he is now going to go around the room and divide the room up, splitting the class into two at this stage.”
The teacher walked around the room and slowly seven of the students stood up and moved to the other side of the classroom.
“Can anyone tell the class what I’ve done?” He asked.
<They can’t Shield>
“Danny says they can’t Shield,” I said prompted by my excited son. The teacher looked at Danny and Danny said,
“He says those that can’t Shield need to be taught another way while us lot get thrown into the fire.”
“That’s not exactly what I said,” commented the teacher looking sharply at my son. “Are you a Truth Seeker?”
“No but that’s what you were thinking, sort of behind thinks. I can Path and Port but Daddy can’t but he’s a Truth Seeker and an Emote.”
<Shut up!>
“Daddy if we want to learn he has to know!”
I subsided in shock, wondering how Danny knew that and in embarrassment. I had spent a lifetime hiding what I was and what I could do and now I had to spill the beans? This was going to take some getting used to! I didn’t like it! I watched as about half the class left. For another room? Why did they have to be taught separately?
“Daddy can…”
Horrified I yelled, <Shut up!!> as Danny had been about to tell them about my ability to tell if people were lying on the Media and I absolutely wanted that one secret.
“He says he has to know!!”
<Not that one! It’s a secret!>
Two thirds of the class that were left had erupted into laughter which gave away the Paths and I scowled as Danny looked indignant.
<You’re not so lousy at Path>
<I told him he’s getting better,> chirped Danny.
I looked around, wondering where that other comment had come from. It sounded adult. And where was Danny getting this information from as I’d heard nothing?
<You’re not so bad, but Danny is powerful and your mother was reputed to be too so you look weak in contrast.>
I looked around, same ‘voice’ but faint.
<over here,> the older woman smiled at me and nodded. <How much practise with Telepaths have you had?>
<Not much until Danny started to talk. Every day since then> I added wryly.
She then looked at me hard and said, “Why is your ‘sending’ and ‘receiving’ at such different strengths?” She looked at the teacher, “Is that usual? I have a thought…” she subsided thinking as another child said,
“The teacher says we need to concentrate on one person at a time and who wants…”
My predictable son shot to his feet, <Me, me, me!> He wasn’t going to have any problems spilling the beans.
I sighed and braced myself, holding back the comments I would usually make since they would be overheard. On second thoughts, <tone it down and stop deafening people>
<Yes!>
I looked up in shock as the old lady leapt to her feet and came over to me. She looked at the teacher, “Could he be muted? By his mother maybe? Because he was too noisy?”
“You’re another teacher.”
“Half the class are teachers young man, and learners at the same time. We teach each other which is another thing we were about to tell you all. Partly it’s to get free tuition and partly it’s to give back and it’s for safety. Also we learn by teaching.”
Her feelings were clearer and I understood what she meant. It was much more of a reciprocal process than ordinary teaching. She made a gesture to the class and next minute, to my intense embarrassment, I was surrounded and felt like a lab rat. Danny snuggled into me protectively. I looked up as another three people came into the room and my hackles went straight up as a man I took an instant dislike to presumed to try to touch me on the head.
He backed off saying, “Oh dear. A little homophobic are we?”
I caught the mix of emotions, was vaguely aware of something I was missing in the fringes of my consciousness from somewhere near us as I cringed with the horror/pity/anger he was now deluging me with.
I recoiled as he knelt in front of me and said, “I would NEVER harm anyone, especially a child.”
He was telling the truth. The thought repulsed him and how did he know what had happened to me? But even knowing that he would never abuse anyone, and I definitely knew it, I still wanted him nowhere near me.
The old lady sighed and said, “well I can think of another way,” and she grabbed my son and walked off with him.
They went out the door and as I leapt to my feet Mr. Symonds stood in front of me and said, “You need an incentive to try very hard to increase your sending volume. She will have told Danny not to reply unless he hears you.”
<Don’t listen to her!!>
<She’s wanting to help you. She says you can do it, Daddy. She says I need to help you like this and she’s so sure she’s right. She thinks your Mummy muted you and she’s also thinking you might have been muted on Porting to keep you safe. >
I felt his excitement but I hated this not being able to hear what other people were saying to my child. His voice grew softer, rapidly, and I felt sure she’d jumped with him! “He’s not safe with her! He’s a target for kidnappers!”
“So follow his thoughts!”
I glared at the teacher as I tried desperately to reach my child.
“I could help you with that,” suggested the man who somehow was still close to me. I wanted him to leave but Danny was out of range with a stranger and I was so frightened and so angry and starting to panic. He radiated sympathy/frustration and an almost compulsion to help me. I realized he was a Healer but was he a Psi Healer or something? Reluctantly I let him touch me, trying to hold back the repulsion I felt. I braced myself for an explosion like what happened when the previous block came down. I felt suddenly dizzy and there was a sort of clarity in my Path ability.
<DANNY!!> I yelled and barely noticed as most of the class reacted with some degree of pain.
Danny popped back into the room and skipped laughing with delight into my arms but I’d had enough and I was furious and very frightened. I was dimly aware of the old student/teacher popping back into the room saying,
“I had his hand! He shouldn’t have been able to do that!”
<Home, Danny. Now> and we popped into our bedroom. I flopped onto the bed as Danny said in puzzlement,
<I didn’t do that. You did.>
I looked at him disinterestedly and felt the shock hit me as I realized he wasn’t exhausted, I was. I shook my head, it was just all too much too fast. I heard knocking at the door and the teacher barged into my room followed by one of the security guards and the old lady. Both teachers were livid.
“Don’t you ever do that again!” He roared at Danny and me. “You never jump unsupervised until we clear you to! Get back to the class now!”
Before I fully realized what was happening, he had jerked me to my feet, grabbed Danny’s hand, the old lady Linked up and we reappeared in the class. I staggered as I went to sit down and cringed from the telling off we were still getting. He was impolite and loud and I sat, sullen, while he lectured me and the class in Path, Port and Kinetic rules and etiquette. Which we should already have read. The Port of which I had skipped over because I wasn’t one. Etiquette? Of the accepted practices and rules I was becoming aware I had just broken a few. So had Danny. My tearful little son was being told off too for jumping away from his teacher. I picked him up and put him on my lap and cuddled him.
“Daddy says I have to obey him!” My mutinous son replied.
“We know much more than your father!” Replied the teacher and I ruefully had to concede that point.
Correctly figuring Danny and I wanted to take a back seat now, the class continued and I switched off, resting my shocked emotions as the class refocused on another student and started to teach her how to lift objects. Danny cuddled in but looked at them, his usual curiosity replacing his discomfort. A few minutes later he went over to see and I could feel his concentration flitting in and out as he unintentionally shared with me what he was learning. He realized he could do this but hadn’t known how to control it. Automatically Linking in with him as I did so often, I saw how to do it too. Making an effort, I found I could do it in reality as I lifted an empty chair an inch off the floor. I quickly blocked Danny as I felt him note that and reach out to lift an occupied chair… He subsided as I reminded him, <I think we’ve broken enough rules for today.> Trust him to want to go one better than his old man.
Next, a cart with food and drink was brought in but as we all started to get up we were told,
“Sit down. Anything you want you get by any type of Psi. What I want you to do is to get someone else to get it for you and serve other people not yourself.”
While the others were still pondering this my favorite savories appeared in front of me followed later by a plate and a giggled <sorry>.
In my mind appeared a sharp, clear picture of several things my greedy son wanted and without comment I raised a plate, fitted most of what he wanted on it and gestured it over to him followed by a glass I painstakingly filled with milk and delivered. I’d noticed he didn’t need to gesture; so, smugly, did he.
In amusement, I watched food and drink wobbling through the air to various destinations until most seemed to be served. Carefully, I loaded a plate and lifted it over to Marcene and she smiled, looking from Danny to me until I nodded. I followed that up with a drink for her. Feeling distress, I noticed two students had no food. Danny noticed a split second later and I watched as two serving plates wobbled in front of one of them and one in front of the other student and I sighed as I gestured lunch plates to follow. Danny then carefully switched the plates as I helped him. I also noticed that Danny was doing this while balancing his plate in the air in front of himself, cramming his mouth with one hand, holding his milk in the other and swinging both legs in the air as he did when excited. Given his short concentration span, I was waiting for a spill.
<Show off> I whispered and was startled when that came out quite loudly. No wonder my poor mother, who couldn’t Shield, had muted me. Experimentally, I dropped my Shield and slammed it up again as I seemed to be deluged with thoughts and that was only from those who were communicating. I realized I was now a full Telepath and could hear what sounded like multiple comments around me but their thoughts were so disjointed and fractured and why weren’t they shielding their thoughts? What would it be like in a class where the students couldn’t Shield? Now I saw why the class was split. Were we learning much faster here than in that other class?
The teaching went on as I watched all the things I didn’t know, demonstrated. Every time I struggled to understand something, I Linked in with Danny seeing it through his mind. I caught on to all of it by this route. Was there anything my little son couldn’t do? And why couldn’t I do it without going through his childish understanding? I was baffled. Yet I could understand it through him. This wasn’t making any sense! But something else was beginning to be much more confusing; I could only lift things when Linked to Danny. Unable to wait and half afraid of what I would find, I went to the toilet and tried several things in private. I was right. Unless I was Linked to Danny, I had no ability in Port. I couldn’t move myself an inch and nor could I lift anything. So I wasn’t able to Teleport and I couldn’t do Telekinesis either. At least, not by myself. Sobered, I returned to the class, wondering what to do and what to say. The trouble was, the general public already thought I was a Teleport and if I said I wasn’t and then they saw me do it again, everyone would think I was lying. And if the general public thought I could, it would make kidnappers pause a bit. And everything that was going on in this class would become public knowledge. Someone would spill the beans. So I had to think very carefully here. I continued to think about what I should reveal and what should be kept secret. Danny was good at keeping secrets so long as I could convince him as to why it was necessary.
“Remember the rules,” the teacher kept repeating, “don’t touch or move anyone without permission and warning. Don’t spill anything on anyone. Don’t eavesdrop, don’t Teleport at all without a guide” he added glaring at me, “I don’t care how good you think you are. There are multiple dangers in Teleporting. Teleporting will be the last thing we teach you. Danny, how often have you jumped? How did you choose where to go?”
“I don’t know.”
The teacher winced.
“Daddy taught me though.”
“What did he teach you when he couldn’t do it himself?”
“He taught me to go to and from fixed points and to jump to a safe place when he told me to jump. It’s secret. We practiced with Nana. He told me I needed to know where to go,” Danny remembered, “we practiced a lot.”
The teacher looked at me, “that is the correct way although done first with a guide.”
“Marcene and I taught him to go from one of us to the other in different rooms and he has been taught to go back from the crèche to our home. In case of danger.” I didn’t tell him that all this training had been done only over the last few weeks since he had been kidnapped, to ensure it never happened again and it was one way I had kept Marcene occupied and feeling better about her role. He was taught that in any situation where he thought he was in danger, he was to jump into the little bedroom in my father’s office and stay there until fetched by specific people only. All this training also helped Marcene who was still an emotional mess, even though much of the bruising was only a faint shadow but getting her to go with Danny to the crèche had worked out well.
“I didn’t know he could jump until he did.”
“What happened?”
“He’d been sold to some scientists by his mother and I was trying to find him. I was searching a building and yelling and he heard me. He jumped into the corridor and then into my arms.”
“How old is he?”
“I’m nearly four.”
“He’s been nearly four since he turned three but he is four later this month.”
“I’ve never heard of a child that young jumping and surviving,” muttered the old lady. “Was any one near you when you jumped, holding you?” She asked Danny.
“Yes a nasty man grabbed me.”
She shuddered, “That isn’t supposed to be possible and you don’t know how many die on their first jump. It was so lucky you knew where you wanted to go.”
“He missed by about twenty feet,” I said, “but he jumped into a corridor where he heard me. I was running,” I remembered, “maybe he jumped to where he thought he heard me. Why can’t you jump if someone is holding you?”
“I don’t know but it is supposed to be impossible.”
The old lady was still very shocked and shaken. I surmised she had been confident Danny was safe with her until he did that which did a bit to dissipate my previous anger at her.
After four hours, the class was over with the teacher saying, “that’s it for today. Practice only what we told you is safe, practice in groups if you can. Now, we need to summarise.” He went around the class checking on what each student could and couldn’t understand, do, learn etc and I noticed the old lady was taking notes. He reached Danny. “What did you not understand and what couldn’t you do?”
Danny looked at me, puzzled, “I got it.”
“What did you get?”
Puzzled, he looked back at the teacher, “All of it.”
“You can lift stuff up and move it around?”
“Yes. I didn’t know I could do that.”
I sighed at the thought of how that ability would impact on our lives added to all the other problems we were having parenting him.
“Did you send that food to your father?”
“I did but I forgot the plate. Plates. Then I lifted the plates to the others but three plates wouldn’t go right.”
“You lifted three plates of food at the same time?”
“Yes. I forgot the little plates.”
“I don’t understand how you still have energy after all that and jumping your father back home.”
“I didn’t do that, he did.”
Everyone gasped. Oops. Two unsupervised jumps by two students in one day. By this time everyone was staring in shock at Danny and me and the old lady was muttering again. I decided to tell the truth that I can’t, not by myself, I need to go through Danny but the old lady was talking again and the moment passed. I didn’t know how to handle this. Although it was incredibly rare to have more than three abilities, including Shield as one, my supposed list blew all accepted knowledge out of the water. But my real list was still four. Five if you counted Linking. Well, six but then that was maybe an extension.
The teacher shook his head, “now you can see why the class is so small and there are so many teachers. Michel, what can you do now?”
The day had so shaken me I decided I’d better do some tactical manipulation of the facts, “All of it,” I lied strategically.
“All what?”
“All you taught today.” I looked in a quandary as the teacher looked shocked and the old lady, I could feel, was in despair. What was wrong? They were teaching us this stuff.
“I thought you couldn’t Port or lift things.”
“I didn’t mean to Port away. I told Danny to but I thought it at him as I usually do, where to go I mean, and it just happened.”
“And you can lift things too?”
“Yes, I lifted things, just a bit, as you were teaching it and then food and drink.”
“So do you mean you couldn’t lift before? Nothing?”
“Nothing.”
“And you’re telling me you went from nothing to pouring a glass of milk which is a very complicated maneuver. Not for beginners.”
“I said I couldn’t do it at the beginning.”
“No you didn’t. You didn’t say anything,” he reminded me, “Danny spoke for you and you told him to shut up. Then when I asked you outright, as I did the others, you were evasive. You only admitted to Emote and Truth Seeking and that was because Danny had already told us. When we found out you could Shield as well that made the usual maximum of three abilities. So was lifting blocked too?”
“I don’t know, I don’t think so, I didn’t know how to do it until you taught Danny and even then I couldn’t see how to do it but Danny could and when I Linked with him…” Oops.
The teacher groaned, “You didn’t tell us you could Link. What do you mean by Link? What do you do?”
I thought hard and then said, “We do what I heard someone else says is possible. Like join up mentally. She called it Linking. I joined up with Danny trying to understand lifting and sort of understood it through his understanding but I couldn’t do it by myself. So what is that called?”
“It’s called Linking. It’s an extremely rare ability. Linking seems to be time limited in its’ acquisition. If you don’t learn to Link when you’re a child you never learn it and the same usually goes for lifting. The other abilities normally are learnt (or discovered) early but can be taught later. Only Linking is time crucial so it’s generally passed on from parent to child or between siblings but must be both an inherited ability and taught very early so maybe others have the ability but never develop it soon enough. There’s just so much we are guessing but don’t really know. So yes, you must have been taught it.”
I thought back to the last day I had contact with my mother and was now certain that that was how she had remained in contact with me. I hadn’t connected it with what I could do with Danny but I now realized it felt the same. And I had taught it to Danny without knowing what I could do. Whatever one of us could learn could probably be learnt by the other. Awesome. And then I realized what I felt with Siobhan was the same which I guess, explained how I could see what she saw. So she and Danny and I were all Linking. I sat in thought. That was why she insisted I wasn’t real; because we could do things by Psi, like see through each other’s eyes and it wasn’t supposed to be possible but it was it you knew about Linking. So she thought I wasn’t real because of what we could do. And then I remembered she was deeply ashamed of her Psi abilities and had kept them secret so she knew none of this.
“So Linking is a Psi ability?”
“And then some. Michel, that’s so rare. I’ve only ever heard of this before and never seen anyone who could do it.”
“My mother and I did it the day”…I stopped, “one day.” I needed to keep a tighter rein on my tongue. One never knew who would say what to whom. This class had been a mistake I realized; a big mistake. But how was I to know what would happen today? I looked over at Marcene sitting, silent, as usual. I yawned, suddenly realizing how tired I was. I was so sorry I now had to work this evening having never realized how tiring it was to use Psi like this.
As we left the class I made an executive decision, “I’ve called a cab. I don’t know about you two but I feel as if I’ve put in a double shift.”
“Me tired too.”
“I’m ok. I didn’t have much to do,” Marcene replied listlessly.”
The cab saved us a walk, two bus trips and about twenty minutes and the security guard who’d waited outside the class was very happy as he piled into the cab with us. My father had been furious that I’d refused to go via one of his security cars but it was embarrassing for me. For me, being in a security car meant I’d been arrested because that was my experience but I was going to have to rethink that one, I could see.
As soon as we got home, Danny and I went to see my father, who was waiting for us, and we explained what had happened and what we had learned. (I had already explained to Danny on the way home but he was having trouble understanding).
“You don’t feel surprised,” I said. “You knew. How much did you know?”
“I didn’t know about the Linking. Miranda told me she was noticing what could be other abilities but she was someone who loved both to surprise me and to withhold information until she was sure. I knew you could do all the others as a child and I knew she had to block your ability to port for your safety and she muted your Path because you were so loud and didn’t seem able to be quiet. Before she blocked you I was afraid you’d give her a heart attack. She only meant it to be temporary. The porting was a huge problem. You were somewhat lacking in obedience and very willful. Your mother jumped into my office one day, with you, and she didn’t do the porting, you did. You didn’t realize what had happened, why you were suddenly so tired but she realized immediately what had happened and that night you were muted. We couldn’t risk it. So little is known about all this and every time they think they have an answer, along comes an exception or a right whammy like Danny Teleporting when someone was holding him.”
“Yes but I can’t Port and I can’t Lift. I must have Linked with my mother and done it that way and she didn’t realize I was doing it through her.”
I felt he didn’t understand and explained again, what I could do and what Danny could do and that we could work together to do just about anything.
“What’s blocking? Why?” I felt the worry in his little thoughts.
“Means I did something I shouldn’t have. When I was your age and I wasn’t as well behaved as you. Also means that’s the second time I Ported when I didn’t mean to. But Dad I didn’t Port, I can’t. I sort of do it through Danny but we have to Link to do it and with him I can and without him I can’t. So what I did that day was Link into my mother and Teleport through her like I did today through Danny.” I felt him get it, at last.
But Danny looked at me, he was still worrying, “So your Mummy had to block you?”
“Yes poppet.”
“So,” I said slowly, thinking, “you sent me to Psi School to relearn what you knew I could do as a child and what you thought I could do?”
“Yes. Once I realized you seemed not to be able to do what you did as a child. I was confused. Your mother thought the block would wear off but you kept telling me you couldn’t do things and yet you seemed to be doing them. I thought you were lying. Duke thought you were lying to protect yourself and then he started wondering if you were telling the truth.”
“Will you or Granddad block me?” Danny was showing rather good concentration here, I noticed and I could feel the fear.
“No poppet. We’ll cope somehow. I don’t think there were any schools for Psi in those days and you’re more obedient than I was at your age.”
“Yes there were schools and you were going to go when you were old enough but now they recognize that for safety’s sake, you need to go to school when the abilities first become apparent. Not after you’ve become part of a wall.”
“Can that really happen?”
“I don’t honestly know, Michel but you can certainly drown, get lost and fall from buildings. I know that does happen. I know even adults die so don’t get cocky. And there’s another thing. We also had to mute you because you were a bit of a blabbermouth and gave away a commercial secret to a spy Path.”
“What’s a spy Path?”
“A Path who is sent to spy, Danny. Industrial spying it’s called in this case. One focused on you Michel and that was another reason we had to mute you. We could control who you met but not whom you Pathed with.”
“Why couldn’t my mother stop that?” I wondered aloud.
“Because sometimes she was asleep, sometimes I was caring for you so she wasn’t with you and because it turned out your hearing was better than hers. Once we muted your Path and Port, no one could get to you and therefore to me.”
But I was thinking of something else, “So is my Path uneven? Can I receive better than send?”
“Yes. But when you were muted, for some reason the muting concentrated more on the sending and increased the difference. Your mother didn’t know why.”
“So did she do the muting?”
“No, she got a specialist in to do it. Did that make your life worse in Shantytown?” He asked guiltily.”
“It probably made me safer,” I said thoughtfully, “Emote and Truth Seeking are more defensive skills and hard to detect I think, especially if you don’t tell anyone.”
“And your mother said they are rarer and no one checks for them. I don’t know where that ability came from. Oh,” he said remembering, “maybe my mother.”
I nodded, “Anyway, Danny needs to practice what he learnt today and I need to get to work.” I was not looking forward to it. I had done only four hours at school and I was tired! I now saw the value of sending Marcene to school. She knew the homework!
• • •
I had chosen to work three hours an evening each alternate evening for three evenings, two evenings ‘off’ and no day off. My father told me I was an idiot but I now had a full medical so it was my decision. I had split the evenings off so I should be able to cope, I had thought. Now, I was wondering.
When I returned from work, I was too tired to sleep so I went to talk to my father. I had a few more questions for him. “Where did you meet my mother?”
“Her father was one of my rivals and he sent her along to spy on me. She was furious and didn’t want to do it. She was a direct person with a strong moral sense and didn’t like being sneaky or devious. He was livid with her. He felt she had this enormous Talent and was refusing to use it to spite him. He could see how to use it! Your mother came in to her Talents at puberty, so much later than you. She was the youngest of several children, the only girl and frail. I gather her father didn’t pay much attention to her until he found out about this Talent and then he insisted she use it for him.”
“So what happened?”
“She stormed up to me and told me what she had been sent there for.”
I laughed, “You’re kidding me!”
“No. I was smitten with her on the spot. She was much younger than me, pretty in a fragile way and so direct. I found her fascinating, so different to other women her age and I loved her honesty. My first wife had left years before and taken Steven with her so I was very lonely. That was before I got Steven back. He came back to me as a teenager because she couldn’t handle him.”
“So what happened?”
“She went back to her father and told him I had a tight natural Shield and she couldn’t read through it. She also said I knew who she was and I seemed to know she was trying to get information out of me. I’d thought it was funny and encouraged her to try. All that was true but with a few bits missed out. She said her father’s mind was dirty and ruthless and he told her to get close to me, so she did. Last time she obeyed him.”
“So what happened when he found out you two were getting married?”
“He kicked up a fuss and then some. She got so mad at him she changed her name to mine and cut him off. Of her brothers, she only stayed close to one, Michel, the one you’re named after. The others had done the same as her and taken off except for the eldest who had always been groomed to be the father’s successor which was quite funny because, lets say, he was most unsuited to the job. He wasn’t an idiot but he just didn’t have a good business mind. When you and she went missing, I first suspected her father and wasted time investigating him,” he said sadly.
“So, do you want me to eventually take over the family business? What do you want from me?”
“That’s up to you. To both what your other abilities are and what you want to do. It’s your choice and mine. I won’t let you take over unless you prove capable. You look good so far but it also has to be what you want. And you’re going to face an unhappy Danny tomorrow. He and we have realized the Linking does a lot more than we thought and you must have been doing a lot more than you thought. He gets really exhausted, really fast when he does it on his own and Marcene reckons you must have doing the multitasking because he can’t do it by himself and he got really upset. He thought he was a superman and then he realized he couldn’t now do, all the stuff he was doing earlier today. Marcene says it has to be the Linking. He can only do one thing at a time apart from Shield. So, two things at a time if one is Shield.”
• • •
It was a long time before I got to sleep that night, I had so much to think about and Danny and I were going to have to do a lot of work together to work out what we could do together and what we could do alone. I wondered what to do with my life, how to use this Talent but I was more and more convinced I knew the answer to that one. My father had already made it clear that my choices in life were mine. I knew he would love it if I eventually took over ‘the family business’ but that was up to me and also my abilities and maybe Danny would do it instead. He would be brought up in the correct social circles and I hadn’t been and anyway I would have to prove myself capable of the task. Since I had only the vaguest idea as to what he actually did, that was a problem but of one thing I was certain; I could do the books. Math didn’t lie. Those that interpreted it might but the math didn’t and no one would be able to fool me with it. I had once or twice done the books for various people and had also checked them for others. I could spot ‘creative accounting’ very quickly. I could also do it, of course, which was another reason I had gotten some of those jobs…”
<Siobhan?> I whispered
<Yes?>
I winced. How could I tell her to lower the volume? What could I say?
<Any problems you need help with?>
<This?>
The page flashed into my mind and I tried not to wince. She was so loud and it was so clear, so easy to read, so bright and dazzling. I suspected we had equal power. What was I going to tell her?
<Can’t see anything wrong. Why?>
<Usually cheats. Maybe he’s learnt. You’re loud tonight. Are you close by?>
<Now that is an intriguing thought. I wish> I whispered. I heard her laughter as she slipped through my mind like water through my fingers; and was gone. I smiled and went to sleep with her on my mind.

Chapter Eighteen
Next morning, the three of us spent breakfast working out what Danny could do alone and what he needed help with and Marcene was right; he couldn’t multitask. Danny was so upset. Everything he thought he could do was so diminished.
“Danny you’re a child,” I reminded him, “I’ve spent years learning.”
“But everyone thought I could do all that stuff no one else could do all at once and I thought I was better than you!”
I’d noticed that, “Danny you can do it, just not by yourself, not yet. But if I can use three at once I’m sure you’ll have the ability when you’re older. All the scientists are finding the majority of these abilities are growing in strength and quantity with each generation. You’re three years old! You need to practice!”
“I’m almost four!”
And as soon as his fourth birthday he would be nearly five. Danny was determined that others not know what he couldn’t do alone but I disagreed. I thought they could probably teach him better than me but I said, “Alright! I’ll leave it up to you to tell or not but Danny they probably already knew.”
We headed back to school, in a car and this time I intended to set a good example for Danny and follow the rules.
The day started with a recap of the previous day and checking what ‘homework’ had been done. Danny and I hadn’t been given any except a vague ‘practice’ but I now heard Danny had ‘served’ everyone tea. He had been so miffed that my brand new unpracticed abilities had so outstripped his. He could now pour a drink. He hadn’t told me that! He’d been so upset at what he couldn’t do he’d neglected to mention that and pouring a drink was no mean feat. It took skill and concentration. He demonstrated, passing Marcene, then me, a cold drink and delivering it from the trolley that had been brought into the room as we started the class. No one was allowed to go near the trolley apart from with Psi. And today there were some truly delectable items on it. Talk about incentive!
We watched while others practiced with the food trolley and Danny again balanced a plate in the air as he ate from it and poured and delivered a glass of milk to himself before he realized he’d broken the rules again; serve others not yourself. I didn’t tell. Without really thinking about it, he delivered my requests to me and then realized how many things he was doing at the same time whilst the teacher was again telling us to do one thing at a time. Oops. He suddenly noticed we were Linked and I noticed the mix of relief and annoyance. Relief because he knew if I was there he wouldn’t muck it up like he had last night. The annoyance because he suddenly realized I could Link in and he didn’t know when I did. I refrained from telling him I could do the same with Siobhan and she hadn’t realized either. At least I thought she hadn’t. But my motives were my own as well.
What I craftily hid from Danny had been my true intent and I now knew how to send something somewhere without gesturing! Awesome. I could get up to stuff and people wouldn’t know it was me! So long as I was Linked, of course.
At morning tea time, the official one, we were told by Mr. Symonds,
“This time, you can serve yourself, carefully, one at a time, and doing something as complicated as you can manage.”
I sighed as Danny again managed to be first but he served Marcene first, then himself. I told him <I’ll get my own, I want to try something>.
When it finally came to my turn, last, I carefully started to make a cup of coffee, delighted as I first served Marcene and then myself. Cool! Note to self; warn the cook. Could I do this from another room? I wasn’t working tonight so homework was going to be fun!
“I do it!”
“Try at lunchtime. Don’t hold the class up.”
“It’s OK Michel, this is the lesson. Have a go Danny.”
Danny deliberately Unlinked. Several messes later, silently cleaned up by Marcene, Danny was in tears.
<I can help you. Asking someone else to help like this is a pass, we could Link.>
<I do it!>
I sighed as I anticipated the mess at home with tonight’s homework. He puzzled me with his need to learn it himself when it was so much easier to Link and learn. If I could do it; he could. I sighed, he was as independent as his old man and I only had my own genes to blame. The afternoon was more interesting and as it got to be our turn and the teacher turned to Danny.
“Right Danny, yes we’ll start with you. I am going to throw a ball at you and I want you to use only Psi to stop it but you are not allowed to Teleport. You have to use shielding or Telekinesis only. Yes you can use shielding to stop objects as well as thoughts. Ok? I’ll start just throwing it softly.”
<Daddy help me Shield. I can’t do this>
<We’ll Link>
<No!!>
<We can’t do it any other way, not properly, I have to teach you and do it at the same time and I only just learnt this too!>
“Ready?”
Danny nodded but refused to Link. The teacher threw the ball and I concentrated hard to stop it. I had no idea how to Shield another person. I didn’t do it on purpose but the Link snapped in. The ball bounced back before hitting Danny. The teacher continued, throwing the ball harder and harder
Danny finally, reluctantly, agreed we should stay Linked after some furious comments went between us and the shielding slipped on our Telepathy and half the class were laughing at the comments and the others, I guess, at our expressions as I struggled to Shield him against the ball. When he gave up fighting me and cooperated, between us it was blissfully easy as he worked out one part and I worked out the rest and then it became simple.
Danny giggled and his giggle was so infectious most of the class was laughing again. He blocked no matter from where Frank sent the ball. Experimentally, I started using my Psi on the ball and hitting the ball back with an increasing amount of force. Danny finally couldn’t resist and decided to try that as well. He watched and when he thought he’d figured it out the familiar,
<I do it> came. Seamlessly he took over. He was now multi-tasking!
Finally, Frank retrieved the ball and set it on the ground. “Michel, how much of this are you doing?”
“The oomph is all his now. He’s returning it but I’m helping him Shield and keeping him focused. He’s not too good at multi-tasking yet.”
“He was both shielding and hitting the ball back?”
“Yes but only sometimes. Mostly I shielded him. He kept forgetting to Shield although since he hit it back ok he maybe thought it didn’t matter.”
“How did you focus him to hit the ball back, and how was he hitting the ball back while holding a Shield?”
“I don’t know.”
“It isn’t supposed to be possible at his age. It is very difficult to use two Psi Talents at the same time. It’s not so difficult to use one Talent in two different ways as Danny was doing. Think about how you are doing it and Danny; can you follow how your Dad is doing it?”
“No, I just do it.”
Frank sighed. “Danny, do you think before you talk?”
“Not often,” I replied, “He’s a ‘talk now oops later type,’ and that’s how he seems to do this. I have succeeded where shielding is concerned, he can think it and do it. Everything else seems related to adrenaline.”
“Returning this ball isn’t. He’s laughing, he’s not frightened.”
I hadn’t realized that but he was right. “Start again and I’ll try to work out what I’m doing then what he’s doing. Slowly and gently please.”
• • •
It was only later in bed as I was thinking through the day that what he had said about most being able to use only one Talent at a time came back to me. I used three Talents together, much of the time and all day at work; Shield, Emote and Truth Seeking. In fact all three were in use, together, most of the time and to that had been added the Telepathy as well now and without the drain on my energy. No, maybe that wasn’t true. Maybe that’s why I was still so tired all the time. I thought it all through slowly. I thought concentrating took energy, for the new stuff, and Porting definitely but not the others; or not much. So was this usual or not? I made a note to myself to watch Danny tomorrow but he seemed to be the same as me. He was full of energy after school and keen to practice. I suspected the energy source he used was his old man but his old man was getting his batteries drained.
• • •
The next night when I got home from work I was shocked to see Riley Symonds there with my father. He was emitting a mix of emotions when he saw me and I was puzzled to note he didn’t Shield. He came straight to the point, “Michel I want you to stop coming to the classes. We want to teach Danny without you. He is very competitive and given his age and his abilities it isn’t safe. We want just him and Marcene. He keeps trying to beat you when he sees how much faster you learn and that your abilities now outstrip his. If he is the best in the room he will stop stretching his abilities. He needs to learn first, to be safe. And he needs, most of all, to learn to do things himself without relying on you. He needs to learn it himself.”
I was both relieved and frustrated. I wanted to learn yet wanted to hide what I could do but Danny was my priority. “OK. Do you want me to stop from now?”
“No, we need to be sneaky here to partially hide what we are doing from Danny. Tomorrow, we change the curriculum and go back to safety and the basics. The curriculum is flexible anyway because it has to be to adjust to the students we have. We will spend a day on safety and techniques then “graduate” some of the class, keeping some for more teaching and some for one to one teaching which is the best way we can teach you while Danny is safer in a group. Danny also can start to teach which will do him good and slow him down. We will simply tell him you need to go back to work, you’ve learnt most of what we can teach you and that you will learn on a part time basis while he can help us. All of that is true.
And Danny would be delighted. I smiled, “we will tell Danny he has a job. He will be safer with others than with himself and Marcene can tell his emotions pretty well. I turned to where she was in her usual corner, “Ok with you?”
“Yes. I think it’s a good idea.”
And work was impatient to have me back. I would simply start to reveal that more tomorrow and tell him I felt guilty about being at class when I should be at work. And I would let him overhear me worry about not earning money while I was here with him and Marcene to support.
• • •
Back at work that evening I reluctantly said to the others, “we need to have a meeting after closing. Just a short one. I have some things I have to tell you.” Inwardly I cringed as I felt their curiosity. Would they hate me? The evening went too fast and finally we were all in the staff room.
“You all know I’ve been in Psi School. Well I learned a lot more than I anticipated and I have to tell you all what I can now do. I’m now a Telepath. I didn’t know it but my mother had me muted when I was a child because I was a blabbermouth and let out some of the details of a contract my father was bidding on. I was willful and often disobedient. My mother had to do something to keep me safe and she had my Telepath ability blocked. In the school, they removed the block.
I also am an Emote so I can’t help feeling your emotions. If you come to work upset I can’t help but know but I don’t pry. I can read your minds but I don’t. I have a very good Shield and it’s always on when I’m here. Leaving it off is like being deluged by a crowd all talking at once and all talking in disjointed, disorganized bits. I assure you it’s almost impossible to sort out. But I needed to tell you and also to tell you that the Emote and Truth Seeking are very difficult to block or I’m bad at it. I don’t know which and I don’t know why because blocking the Telepathing is easy. So I just needed to let you know. Sorry.”
No one said a word but oh the emotions which varied from curiosity to anger to envy. Then I remembered and said, “Ivan, can you stay a minute?”
When the others had gone I said, “I learned an interesting thing at school. We had a Psi Healer there. He said that gambling addiction, like many other addictions, is something called a disorder of volition. It’s not necessarily a mental disorder it’s more like susceptibility when it comes to addictions. Like a disease you don’t have a normal resistance to. He said it’s often treatable and sometimes fixable. When he found out I know how to recognize it, he insisted I pick out people that want healing. You can’t be healed or treated against your will. Incredibly, a lot of people don’t want healing. If you do, here’s his number,” and I handed him Paul’s details. “You can pay him by scrounging,” I added. “Won’t cost you anything except time.”
I quietly left, sending Ivan’s details to Paul and adding my suggestions re getting Ivan to scrounge for him. I knew Ivan hated his addiction as well as craved it and I knew he despaired that it would continue to ruin his life. He had nothing; all his wages went on gambling and he knew what he was losing and that he wasn’t getting any younger. The prompt to pay was because Paul Girdler was notorious for not charging. Since his skill could beat a Clinical Psychologist at the starting block; this was ridiculous. It was also ridiculous because like all the ‘active’ Psi (Shield, Teleport, Telepath and Telekinesis), it took energy. In contrast, Emote didn’t and neither did Truth Seeking. At least not for me. The teachers still insisted that wasn’t normal but it was for me. And it was for Danny too and he was a lot less tired than they thought he should be for what he was doing. And now he was doing it all himself. He had forbidden me to Link with him at class and I had obeyed. I wanted him to learn too.
But we now had another enormous problem; the media. We had been seen going to Psi School, all three of us. As far as the rumor mill went I had been labeled fully Talented since the day I had found Danny being kidnapped by Sharelle and about sixty people thought they had seen me jump (either leaving or arriving) and, of course, going to Psi School had labeled us all as Talented. The media were going nuts demanding statements which, of course, they were not entitled to since Danny and I were minors. And The Privacy Act meant Marcene was not obliged to tell them anything either and she told them nothing as the speculations about her abilities grew. The media had found out about the attack on her (but only about the beating) and concluded she was going to Psi School to learn how to defend herself.
However this Linking and learning ability had me thinking so on my next days off I pulled the curtains and started. The most difficult part had been convincing Danny to take a day off school.
“Right Danny,” I said taking his hand and Marcene’s, “we are first going to concentrate on the ability we know Nana has and try to teach her how to use her Shield ability to push people away.” For this day I had chosen Cam and I had done this deliberately; after clearing it through my father and ensuring it was a normal days paid ‘work’ for her. Although adrenaline augments Psi hugely, I did not want anyone to get hurt and I reasoned that no ‘accidents’ would happen with Cam. As a female, she would not be threatening to Marcene and the most important factor here was that I didn’t want anyone hurt and not for the obvious reason; I didn’t want Marcene holding back on her ability to learn. If she could. I wanted this controlled. And Cam was game for anything but she was fearless not reckless and there is a big difference.
“Cam, stand in front of the sofa. Danny and I will push you into it and we will see if the two of us can Link into Marcene and show her how.”
“But how can you Link in when I’m using my Shield?”
“Don’t use it. Switch it off and observe what we do.”
That was more easier said than done and it was minutes before we succeeded with Danny getting very impatient and frustrated because it would be so much easier to use kinesis but he had to use shielding instead and it was more difficult.
Three times we gently pushed Cam into the sofa, trying to show Marcene how to turn her Shield into a weapon. Sadly, we couldn’t Link with her so that wiped out the easy way.
“Now you try.”
“I can’t,” she snapped, several minutes later, “I can’t see how.”
Again Danny and I repeated pushing Cam into the sofa and again Marcene couldn’t but it was Cam who suddenly said, “Shouldn’t you start with something small and light. Why not try this?” And she held up a cushion. Danny sent it flying and giggled.
Again we Linked up and again we several times moved the cushion across the floor with me insisting we only nudge it to Danny’s disgust.
Finally, “I can’t do it! Leave me alone!” Marcene yelled in frustration as she turned to leave the room.
“Nana!” Danny yelled.
As Marcene turned back she saw Danny and Cam and me pointing to the cushion which had jerked several feet and smashed into the wall.
“I didn’t do that,” Danny said with a huge smile.
“Neither did I.”
“Don’t look at me,” added Cam.
Marcene looked from the cushion to the three of us and back to the cushion. After several minutes of obvious serious effort she walked over to the cushion, annoyed and gestured. The cushion smacked into the wall.
“Daddy has to gesture, I don’t,” commented my smug son.
I should have thought to tell her to try gesturing.
Marcene looked from me to the cushion and sat down, stunned.
“I told you this should be possible. Now you can protect yourself but you need to practice, every day, until it becomes an automatic reaction. You can also use this to help others like Danny,” I said knowing that should double her incentive. At least.

Chapter Nineteen
Quitting Psi School and returning to work was a huge relief since it so reduced my hours. I made an arrangement with the school and snuck in some hours here and there with the promised private tuition. A lot of this was with the old lady and we concentrated first on Teleporting because she was convinced I would practice with Danny on our own and might muck it up. She was partly right. Marcene and I had been practicing…
Once she was satisfied with my progress, it made it much easier to get the tuition as I could put Danny to bed, and then sneak off once he was asleep. I didn’t have to keep being “late home from work.” In addition to this, the school wanted me to get Danny to teach us to Teleport in order that this would reinforce the safety protocol to Danny. He was delighted to be designated to teach his old man and I was able to ensure he did it correctly and safely which he did since he had his old man’s brains. The school reported he was learning well, teaching well and much more aware of safely, parroting off the rules to me. It was all working well. And I persuaded him to Link with me and teach me to move things without gesturing but he got mad because I learnt it in seconds and he felt cheated of ‘teaching his old man’ time. I never told him I’d already learnt it from him…But I would have liked to be able to do it on my own.
• • •
I ensured I had every second evening off because I was supposed to still be doing my academic schoolwork as well as my Psi Schoolwork. There were not enough hours in the day. So I decided to hand my next priority over to Duke to do and he was most enthusiastic once I had explained and I was so relieved. The prospect of walking in to the Police station was something that I had dreaded. Delegation was the way to go and they would be much happier dealing with Duke, I thought.
• • •
Duke reported back to me and my father, “I walked into the Police station and had a profitable conversation with a detective I’ve dealt with before. I knew he would be receptive once I explained Michel’s insistence on protecting the true informers and ensuring the Police take the credit. He really liked that bit. Apparently they’ve always had a contingency plan for a Terrorist Event or a Mass Casualty Event and the planning is all in place. They decided to move tomorrow and they are adamant they can be ready on time. They are convinced if this isn’t done fast someone will tip Monty off. The teams only know it’s a full Event and they are to be ammunition hot. They’re ready for Michel’s tip off.”
“Ok” I said. Tomorrow it’s on.” They were wrong though. Only the cop, Duke and I knew and we wouldn’t tell. The problem would be at the cop’s end and I wondered how he was going to ensure secrecy once the identity of the target was out.
• • •
After a fairly sleepless night, the day finally dawned. I wasn’t happy with this big a group going into Shantytown and tensed up as we passed through the checkpoint. Cam and Ischi I was fine with; they could take care of themselves but Paul was insisting on coming today and I was very unhappy about that but how could I say no without revealing that I knew something was up? That was Paul from Psi School, the compulsive Healer who had removed my block and had no idea how he did it. The big galoot was wide open, in full rescuer/healing mode and bloody helpless and I knew I had to guard him in ways my father’s security couldn’t. We had the brothers as guards again today, Kelley and Jeremy (Kel and Jem), the ones with the overdeveloped sense of humor. They seemed casual and laid back and sloppy at their job but they weren’t and everyone underestimated them including me until I learnt better. There was no point in trying to hide who we were as we were well known by this point; all except Paul. Paul Girdler was a huge problem for me in so many ways and I was getting no sympathy from Cam and Ischi. Worse, Kel and Jem thought it was funny; they would. Jem unsympathetically told me to ‘build a bridge and get over’ my homophobia. They all liked Paul.
• • •
I cast out my Emote and was deluged. I had to concentrate hard and block out most of it to focus on what we were after today; any Psi. My head almost turned of its’ own volition as I focused on a smattering of Psi. She had Telepathy and I got the misery/hurt/pain along with a running commentary which I promptly blocked out; well taught by school. Picking up emotions was ok, I couldn’t stop that but the ‘why’ was private. Now where was she, which one was she and I continued to walk, heading for a group of women. Ah, she was the injured one, injured physically as well. The trouble with Emote was that it didn’t distinguish between physical and mental pain. Pain was pain.
The women looked up as I approached and I caught a smattering of hostility/curiosity/anger which turned to mostly perplexity as I focused on the woman emitting the Psi and gently touched my target on the arm. She looked up at me, recognized me and recoiled. I tried not to. She was old, at least fifty, dirty, bloody, battered and bruised.
“I’m no freak!” She burst out, frightened her friends would find…have their suspicions confirmed, I realized as I picked up their feelings.
I smiled, “You’ve got some Psi. I don’t know how much,” I lied, covering up for her, “but it might be enough for you to work with it. How would you like a possible new job? We can teach you and maybe you can teach others in turn?”
“No,” she said. <Yes! Get me out of here!> and I felt the hope flare in her and I accidentally heard her thoughts as she thought that she could get out of here, ditch her useless mate, ditch his abusive friends and live. I felt the yearning in her for a better life and the drive to succeed even if she had to admit to Psi. Motivation? In this old wreck?
“How about you come and look. Free bed and board while you look it over and free medical care. If nothing else you can take us for all you can get and then dump us. Does that appeal?”
<Yes!> “I could do with some new clothes and some patching up.”
“Deal.”
Ischi was behind me, of course, and busy assessing the woman’s injuries. As I moved away she moved in and I heard her say, “How about I start the patching up? That’s what they hire me for.”
“Have you got Psi?”
“Nope, deaf as a post. You can swear at me with any Psi you like. Now, what hurts the most?”
With that settled I wandered on feeling out for more Talent. The teachers had said to bring in five to six at a time, assimilate them over a few weeks and then come back for more. I was told to avoid criminals and avoid any that seemed too damaged. They hadn’t specified what constituted damaged but criminal had been in their thoughts. How did they think we survived here? I would definitely qualify as damaged and criminal and so would Marcene but as long as I felt good in them I would be bringing them in. It was all very well for them but they had choices and we didn’t; oops, I now did have choices. But people just did not take choices into account and that so angered me. What kind of a choice was steal or die of starvation? Their choices were extra goodies or money while ours was live or die. Big difference.
As I wandered around I felt people withdrawing and hiding but today I was heading for the school and those classified as unsupported minors. Like me. Like I was. I reached the school and went in. Half an hour later I emerged with six children ranging in age from five to nine, all showing Talent with various Psi abilities and all but one with shielding ability. They all looked promising. But my main mission for the day was also progressing well as I casually noted the comings and goings of a group of people I had spent my life reluctantly working for and then avoiding, refusing to work for again, suffering from and subtly working against. Today was going to be far from subtle as I sent a prearranged signal to Danny, who passed it on by Dad’s phone to Duke who passed it on to Police. A certain group of people had drifted towards the pub for their daily “staff meeting.”
The Police were quick off the mark and I watched, pretending interest/alarm etc and carefully mirroring the reactions of those around me as I saw the Police and army enter the pub, in force, and remove all the people within which included most of the hierarchy of Murphy’s Mob. I couldn’t wait to get home and get Duke’s report. I hadn’t known the Army would be involved.
• • •
Jayla winced as Ischi gently felt around, checking for broken bones. Beside her, her friends were plotting.
“Tell him you’ve got a job, it’s in the city and it’s live-in. Tell him you don’t know for how long. You pack up your stuff and we’ll sneak it out when he’s not looking.”
“He won’t let me take any stuff except overnight stuff. He’ll belt you if he sees you.”
Ischi decided to intervene, reluctant to see either of these brave women hurt, “Jayla, see that nice looking guy over there? He’s with us, he’s a security guard, he’s a lot tougher than he looks and he really doesn’t like men who beat women up. He’s got a brother just like him who went with Michel. And Michel’s supposed to be pretty good in a scrap too. So am I. Nurses know what shouldn’t bend which way and what hurts. I fight dirty, I break fingers and I’m very good at it. I know all the nerve points too. If I get hold of him he’ll be sorry.” Ischi stopped her inspection and looked at Jayla. “The vibes I’m getting from your friends is that this man of yours is no good. If you want to leave him, now’s a perfect time.”
Jayla sighed, “He wasn’t like that when I met him but he’s weak. We were ok until we had the kids. He just never grew up but I did. I changed, he didn’t.”
“You have to grow up when you have kids. Your childhood is over.”
“I learnt that, he didn’t. We did ok at first because I worked and he had a job he took pride in and was good at but he lost that job and has never had a permanent one since. He resented living off my earnings and kept working at everything he could but his drinking cost him job after job and he couldn’t stop. Eventually, he stopped trying to work but took everything he could off me and the kids. He just gradually got worse and the crowd he was in was half the problem. Without his friends and without the booze we would have been fine.”
“Where are the kids?”
“Left home as soon as they could. The child allowance was a third of our income and when the kids left home we lost the accommodation allowance too, couldn’t pay the rent and ended up here. Life’s just been downhill since and once bosses realize you live in Shantytown your pay goes down at the least. I’m lucky I didn’t lose my job until recently. These last few months have been Hell, we’ve been living on charity and if I earn anything he belts it off me and drinks it.”
“So you are going to leave him, today?”
Jayla looked up at Ischi, “Yes.”
“Good. What was your job?”
“I worked in the records department at the council office. I filed and catalogued permits, plans, records, regulations etc.”
“Ah, so you have a tidy, organized mind? Goes with that type of job,” Ischi added quickly as she saw the suspicious look.
• • •
It seemed to take all day to get this large a crowd processed but that was the whole idea; to ensure I was not thought to be involved in any way in my next project. We had to wait for Danny to go to sleep before getting Duke’s report which he gave with relish.
“The Police moved in once Michel signaled. Apparently the meeting time is varied and sometimes the location so this was vital. Everyone in the pub was taken to police cells, processed via a one way mirror they all had to walk past, turning as instructed. All were then put in cells and were taken out one by one and queried, deliberately slowly, as to who they were and what they were doing there and what did they have for ID? About the same amount of time for every person.
When it came to Thayne’s time, he spent his time going through the camera footage and he identified everyone. So simple. After everyone was questioned, the Police released all who were innocent along with Thayne. As they left in a group, Thayne started to mimic withdrawal symptoms and the police argued, in front of the innocent people, deciding they’d better admit him to hospital or face possible charges of ‘harm by denying treatment’ given the policy of ‘maintenance drug use’ due to no vacancies in drug treatment centers for those who couldn’t pay. And they made sure they were heard to say they didn’t want any suggestion of abuse of or neglect of prisoners to jeopardize the operation.” Duke smiled at me at that one which been his idea, “It will work. There should be no suspicion on him and no suspiciousness about him being slipped into a vacancy in your Dad’s hospital. There is a tiny drug treatment centre, normally used for pregnant women so he will love the company he’s in.”
Duke sipped his drink and continued, “Thayne talked for hours in the safety of the hospital giving chapter and verse of so many operations done by Monty’s Mob, murders, abduction, theft, rape, drugs, smuggling, arms dealing, vehicle theft, beatings, blackmail, he seemed to know it all and he sorted it into stuff the nasty three should have known and what they didn’t. And yes Michel, I warned him to omit the stuff about the contracts. Now the Police are going to keep Marcene’s attackers for another three days and then transport them whilst leaking a rumor through an informer in the police, yes, he even knew that. The cop confessed and is now going to be a very cooperative double agent. Monty threatened the cop’s family. The rumor will be that of those three, one or more, did a deal for a cushier sentence and squealed long and loud. So, as Michel insisted, giving credit for the information to those three stooges and to a long standing police informer and an ongoing police operation. The Police get the credit and Michel and Thayne are not implicated. Marcene’s attackers are implicated and sent off planet to a prison planet. The Police take full credit for the whole operation and for the informers and say these latest informers filled in some large gaps in their ongoing operation.”
“And Thayne’s being treated?”
“The hospital brought in a specialist, the Police are paying for his treatment not you Jed, he’s got the best and will go through withdrawal under full medical supervision, tranquillized to the hilt, also supervised by Paul Girdler as he starts to wake up and Paul is delighted to stay virtually on call as needed. It all went without a hitch Michel, your planning was faultless how did you know about the escape doors and my contribution too of course.”
“Thayne knew about the escape doors and what was your contribution?” I asked dryly.
“More smokescreen. I told the cops to treat any injured or sick people, and there were three, which further normalized the treatment of Thayne. And I also encouraged them to apologise to the innocent, apologize for holding them so long, explain that there were informers on the other side of the glass identifying the felons and that was why they all had to go through; to be identified. And the Police further buttered them all up by providing a buffet meal back at the pub along with the apology speech. The Police told them this had been a long and involved operation to get Monty’s Mob and it had taken so long because they had had difficulty finding people who would inform until they recently had a stroke of good luck and a whole lot of crimes were solved all at once with enough verifiable information to get convictions. The Police think once the charges are leveled and Monty’s Mob is encouraged to squeal to get reduced sentences, there will be a flurry of verifying. All good information.”
Duke was clearly having a very good time here. “And the Police also expect that other victims will come forward now that it’s known that Monty is going to be transported or executed. To add to all the fun, Marcene’s attackers are now marked men and they will be unlikely to see out the month. What a loss they will be.”
“What about judges and prosecutors being got to? Rumors are that this is why he has had so few convictions. Didn’t he get suspected on several occasions of having a prosecutor killed and getting to judges?” Queried my father.
“They’re invoking the “Organized Crime’s Act.”
I smiled and noted other smiles around the room and a rare slight smile on Marcene’s face and I wondered if her attackers leaving the planet and all these arrests and hopefully convictions would make her feel more secure. Sharelle had left Sanctuary, been picked up at the prison base on the satellite and was on her way with her homesteading group and I sincerely hoped she had learned the error of her ways and would look at consequences before doing such anti-social behavior again. I thought it unlikely. She was a bright lady but a slow learner.
As I went to cuddle up with my sleeping son that night I reflected that Phase one was well underway and we hopefully had got away with it. Phase two was going to be a lot more dangerous and while I was sure of my intent and my goal, I was going to have to work on the strategy, in particular the exit strategy or how I was going to get away with murder. I wondered how Monty was feeling.
• • •
Monty was feeling shattered as he looked at his disabled bracelet with everything blocked except a spreadsheet showing the charges against him; dates, crimes, victims, damage done/consequences, medical expenses, perpetrators, evidence, whether verified by more than one person (and most were) and many other pertinent details. It updated continuously. The cops were being very busy and no doubt would be charging for overtime. Where had all this evidence come from? Who had informed on him? How had they informed on him? Who had collected and collated all this evidence? How had they done this without him knowing?
• • •
The day had started as usual with breakfast at home with his Kamina and the kids. He had talked with the kids, done the usual puzzles, watched the news, drunk his tea, had a few fags, gone through his planner, checked his bank balances, done a bit of a think and then sent out the group message to meet at the ‘office.’
Monty timed the meeting to suit himself and ensured they never met at the same time. For those of his mob in favor, he would give an approximate time. The others were to wait, patiently or otherwise.
He drove passing from his luxury real estate and through budget housing to Shantytown, parking outside and walked through the gates. He ambled over to The White Horse a few minutes after eleven am. All the mob organizers were there. No business was conducted on a dry throat so he generally had a couple before calling the meeting to order in the corner table no one else dared to go near. He had only just started to update their pads when an alarm on his bracelet went off. At a signal from him all the pads were switched off and pocketed and some of the mob went to the bar while others distributed themselves among the other patrons. Monty headed for the loo and it’s convenient escape door but as he went to go through the door he found it was stuck. Disconcerted, he went into a stall, dropped his daks and thought it would be a brave cop who tried to get him out of there.
Several minutes later his stall door was opened and a cop he didn’t recognize ordered him out.
“I haven’t finished, get out!” And he tried to close the door.
A size eleven boot slammed it back open as its owner said, “Out! Now!”
Monty glared at the cop who glared back but he couldn’t argue with the stunner. The cop looked like he’d like to try it out but Monty wasn’t keen. He’d been stunned before and he didn’t appreciate the feeling or the injuries from the inevitable fall. Monty stood, fully exposed, wiped his (clean) bum in a leisurely fashion and slowly pulled his pants up disgusted to see that the cop wasn’t even embarrassed. Brazen bastard. He looked pointedly at the cop’s nametag which was, of course, blanked out and the cop had the nerve to smile at him. Cheeky bastard, he’d get his. What would it cost him this time to make it all go away?
Monty and his escort walked into the bar and Monty couldn’t contain his shock as he looked at armed cops outnumbering the patrons who were already being lined up. Three of his mob were on the floor, stunned, in the recovery position and not groaning because they were out cold. That was bad. It meant the stunners were on full. One of the idiots was Sheila and that figured. He noted no blood on her. Unlike him, Sheila always managed to go down in a graceful crumble while on his one and only stunning he had landed nose first resulting in a broken nose and two black eyes. The cop concerned that time had been eviscerated and dumped in the ocean, alive.
This was well organized, he realized, and with military precision. Three cops were watching the room and they had disrupters which he loathed. They should be illegal in the hands of the law and only available to the likes of him. The others had stunners and one cop was guarding each patron as another searched and disarmed them and all this was being recorded. This was beginning to look serious. This was going to be very costly. And then he looked up and saw the six cops upstairs guarding the room and they had those disrupters with the spray pattern that marked, disrupted nerve and muscle function and left one a gibbering wreck for a day or so and sometimes longer. He looked again and recognized the insignia of a military unit and that these were military not cops and that several of these soldiers were women. This was serious. This was intended to put him out of business. He could see each cop who was searching his men (of both sexes), was equipped with a camera. Damn.
The weapons were being taken out of the room by still others he recognized as military and then he heard vehicles approaching and could only watch as all the people in the bar were loaded onto prisoner transports. The cop watching him never seemed to blink and the red dot on his chest was unnerving to say the least.
When it came to his turn to be searched they used three soldiers to search him and the sods found all he carried including hidden knives that had never been found before due to their being made of bone and their tiny size and location. Despite his constant surveillance, he saw no hope of escape. He boarded the bus with the rest, directed on with the others, kept waiting while the previous one was immobilized into place. Someone was going to pay for this; for the humiliation, for the lack of warning, for the effrontery to think they could do this to him. He wouldn’t rest until he’d got the organizers of this, their families, the unit chiefs and as many of these bastards as he could find. He would fix it so they never dared to touch him again. He would crush them.
They would find very little. He had resources, plans, contingencies they had no idea of and even now his wife would be destroying all the files in the house. She could do it in six minutes and that action would trigger an alert to his lawyers who had their own instructions. Within minutes, ninety-five percent of his assets would be hidden; misfiled, renamed, deleted and however else his devious well paid lawyers had devised to foil detection. Most of his assets were already in the names of others; his children, his siblings, his cousins, fake and real organizations and dead or non-existent people. Of course none of them knew that.
Contenting himself with his clever preparations helped his temper as he arrived at the Police holding cells but his unease increased as he was kept waiting and then made to walk, by himself, past a newly constructed one way mirror, forced to walk slowly, turn around, and read a sentence for voice recognition and he spotted several cameras. He wondered who was hidden behind the glass. His mathematical mind added up the time this took by those few who had gone before him and he suspected that they all were put through the same procedure. The timing was right.
Alone in a cell several minutes later he checked the time in a clock he could see outside and calculated the time to process all in the pub. Then he noticed that one by one all the people were now being taken, presumably, for questioning. This was going to take more hours. Within minutes of his next estimate he watched as the last people were escorted past his cell into their own luxury accommodation and the cops and soldiers filed cheerfully past, relaxed and no doubt heading for a cuppa.
Fifteen minutes later he looked in puzzlement as all those not connected with his mob seemed to be released and everything quietened down. Still, no one had come near him, the corridor was empty.
Monty looked around at his new apartment. It held a loo and water spigot, no cup, a meal pack and a plank bed with a mattress he wouldn’t give his dog. It was stained with urine, vomit and blood and although he knew it would have been through a Cleaner it looked ghastly and he shuddered to think of going anywhere near it. There was a small shelf attached up on the wall, a steel mirror which was part of the wall, and transparent bricks which showed a courtyard filled with cops and vehicles and the whole room was about eight feet by six feet. His feet were aching and he couldn’t remain standing at the door forever. He closed his eyes and sat on the bed in disgust and discovered his bracelet was still jammed except for a spreadsheet format. Where were his rights? Why couldn’t he use his phone? He and his family and mob had code words all prepared which would get those of his Mob still at large out on jobs, focusing on getting to the cops, getting to the judge, getting to the prosecutor and organizing bail so he could get out of here and compromise all those attempting to charge him. But much of this was designated to be initiated by him and him only. He turned it off in disgust and lay down.
Sometime later he looked up as a middle aged woman in ugly clothes came to outside his cell window and said, “I’m your new lawyer. Switch on your bracelet, the charges are being processed. I’ll come back tomorrow to discuss your options.”
He leapt up, “I want my own lawyers!”
“You’ve got only me. The Organized Crime’s Act has been invoked for you and all your Mob. Those not arrested yet are being sought. The standard conditions are now in force. No contact for you with anyone except me, all your usual rights to company and communication are denied including any communication with your family and especially with your lawyers and accountants. Your home was searched at the same time as the operation at The White Horse and your files have been seized intact and Kamina arrested charged at this stage with being an accomplice and no you are forbidden any communication with her. All your assets have been seized that are known of and the rest are being sought. Your lawyers and accountants have all been arrested also at the same time and all their files were seized intact. After the charges have been officially read to you in court, probably tomorrow afternoon, you will be transported to the Maximum Security Centre and held there in isolation. Your children have been picked up from school and are with Children’s Services.”
“Get back here bitch!” He yelled to her retreating back. He switched on his bracelet and looked in horror at the charges which were being added to and augmented as he watched. How had all this information been collected? They only used their pads now to communicate and it was all on a closed system. His latest instruction was that there were to be no auditory details of the jobs themselves for anyone to overhear. As each job was finished, the details were erased. And then he realized that geeks can access deleted files. He had never factored in the iPads being seized. He felt sick as he realized that the cops were getting all the recent job information and this alone would be enough to hang him. He replaced the iPads every year and then destroyed the old ones and the iPads were due to be destroyed later this month. So that was an unlikely co-incidence. Whoever was after him knew that too. This had been nicely timed but not for his benefit.
His files were backed up at his lawyers and his accountants and if those files had been seized under the Act then they really had him. His files at home were the ones with the fancy delete system that destroyed the hard drive. Normally, backups with lawyers and accountants were safe under “The Privacy Act,” but “The Organized Crime’s Act” over rode it to the delight of the tax collectors as well as the cops and justice system.
He stood, stunned as he watched a shutter go across his window to the corridor and the one on the outside window and his room was plunged into darkness. His cell then lit up with bright lights and he realized from all the movies he had seen that he was now under constant surveillance and on suicide watch. As reality hit home he started to shake. He stumbled to the filthy mattress and lay down. They had him. His life was over. Would they seize the trust funds for his children? He could ask and it would have to be politely. His new lawyer had been unable to keep the contempt off her face and he suspected she would hard to frighten. Those ugly, out of fashion clothes indicated she was someone who did not care about appearances and her demeanor gave him the impression there was nothing wrong with her ego. She was probably very dedicated, impossible to bribe, undoubtedly she had volunteered for this and of a certainty was very good which was very bad for him. Worst of all she was clearly approachable, not arrogant or posh looking which meant his victims would be more likely to trust her and talk to her.
Of course most concerning was the prosecutor attitude on a lawyer who said she was his lawyer. That was because the Organized Crime’s Act could be invoked when a judge deemed the Police had the evidence to make conviction fairly certain, the charges were of a sufficient nature to merit the Act (he conceded his crimes would well qualify) and the perpetrator was suspected of having perverted the course of justice in previous trials. He guessed he could see where they were going with that one. The Act did away with adversarial law and she was indeed prosecuting him as well as advising him of his options. There was only one lawyer under this Act, she was it, he would have a hard time convincing her of his innocence and it was her job to both convict and advise him.
He hated that Act, it wasn’t fair to him. Instead of being judged innocent until proven guilty he was already judged guilty by the evidence and worse still he had provided the court with much of the evidence via the iPads. That hurt!
He lay there, thinking through his options and coming up blank. He had counted up seventeen murder charges so far and the running total of all serious charges was over three thousand already. He was looking at execution or a prison planet if the ‘do-gooders’ responded to the publicity. The latter would be preferable as he could start again especially if his Mob went with him. And then he realized that Sheila wouldn’t be able to come with him. Prison planets were single sex, including the escorting guards and all the staff if there were staff. Buggar! No sex, no women, this was not funny and Sheila was one of the best mistresses he’d had as well as being his very efficient and innovative accountant! With a chilling feeling he then realized he couldn’t get to the media because he was incommunicado. He couldn’t present his case to them.
• • •
I got up the next morning and for once watched the news, Marcene silent beside me. Monty was the lead story and the newsreader was echoing Duke’s statement about cracking an organized crime network that stretched well beyond Shantytown and even the planet. I hadn’t known about that, not that extensive. I wondered if they’d ever find out how far his tentacles stretched but I doubted they’d find it all. I was amused to hear about the “Organized Crime’s Act” being invoked.
Duke chortled, “They used that Act to save their own necks. He’s got to too many of them, he’s a vicious little bastard and goes after the family, the women and girls mostly.”
• • •
<Jay, are you watching this?>
<Yeah. Been too long coming> I longed to tell her it was all me! I couldn’t. I could never; she didn’t think I was real. She might say something to the wrong person.
<I remember how much he hurt you and how much you hated him. And they’re saying the crucial information came from Shantytown.>
<I didn’t know he’d spread his tentacles off the planet. I wonder how much will never be recovered. How many there are who will be rubbing their hands with glee and pocketing assets and accounts>
<And how many will no longer go to bed in fear? Many will sleep easy tonight>
I felt her slip away. I felt she was at work, overnight as usual. So she didn’t have to face anyone. So she could be alone. The dark and the silence comforted her. How could I bring her into the light? Was it the right thing to do? I didn’t know, I could be wrong. I drifted off to sleep.
• • •
Monty had a mostly sleepless night and was awake when he heard another meal pack come through the chute. It could keep the other one company. He wanted a cup of tea and a whisky. In either order. But in police cells there were no hot drinks and no alcohol. In prison he would get both though the whisky would cost and could be doubtful quality as in home made. He wondered if he would stay here long enough to go through alcohol withdrawal. He was well aware of his various health problems, the alcoholism being probably top of a long list. He had intended to put himself, Sheila and Kamina through some expensive preventative medical treatments in a few years so his health had been of no concern to him but what would happen now?
He checked his bracelet again seeing there were now over four thousand charges and they were up to twenty-four murder charges. This was getting a little excessive and could he claim harassment and exaggeration and falsification of charges? He looked through the charges seeing several he hadn’t authorized but he couldn’t complain as he did encourage initiative in his men. Men of both sexes. Mind you he wouldn’t tell his new lawyer that, he’d plead innocence.
Checking the more serious charges he noted that this information was shockingly accurate down to dates, approximate times and the men involved for information over a year old which meant someone had been keeping book on him but there were few that had been with him for the seventeen year time span this involved. Had someone infiltrated him or were there multiple stooges involved he wondered; probably the latter. Then he noticed that some of the charges recorded involved ones committed before he took over the Mob. This was definitely multiple informers. No one person could know all this including himself as he’d forgotten most of this but not the murders and not the big heists. He winced as he noted a series of just added charges of “Perverting the Course of Justice” including deaths of prosecutors, the kidnap of a judge’s child and two charges of threats to two different judges.
He remembered the kid; they’d snatched her from her fancy boarding school. That brought her father to heel and he and his family left the city soon after but that had been six years ago. Looked like the bastard had seen his chance and squealed. He thought hard, but someone must have squealed up front. The justice system needed a lot of evidence to invoke the Organized Crime’s Act and they needed it presented to the Justice Minister before the Act could be used.
He lay, wondering how this had happened with no warning which seemed impossible since he had so many spies; within the police, within the court system, in the media, all bought and paid for or swapping information for a promise of protection from his Mob. He loved that last one. But he had no spies within the military, he’d never thought of that. So had the military pulled this off and if so how could he get to them when he was allowed no contact? Who should he threaten? He didn’t recognize the military unit’s insignia so he didn’t know which one to target. And how could he threaten anyone when he couldn’t communicate?
• • •
Finally a guard arrived and instructed him to put his hands through the slot. The cuffs were put on and the cell door finally opened. The guard had a stunner…of course. Gesturing him from his cell, through a Cleaner and to a small room, the guard followed a respectable distance behind him. Entering, Monty saw a very small room with a chair, a desk and a mirror. Throughout that trip, the corridors had been empty and the cells empty or the shutters across. He saw no one. The room on the other side was empty but contained much the same furniture only the room was bigger and the furniture much nicer while his furniture was definitely charity bargain bin.
After several minutes his lawyer entered holding an iPad and a file and sat down, spending a few minutes organizing herself. Monty stayed quiet. She finally looked at him and something of what he was feeling must have shown as she asked, “Would you like something to drink?”
“Tea, please.”
“Tea for Monty and coffee for me please.”
Monty realized someone was listening and this must all be being recorded. So much for lawyer/client privilege! While she was busy printing some files out, the tea arrived and to his surprise through the slot came a tray with a big squat teapot, a very large squat insulated mug, milk, sugar and some savories that smelt hot. Wryly he wondered if he was being rewarded for not opening with threats, denials and bluster. He had intended to but after seeing all the charges this morning he had decided not to bother and to see if he could get any type of deal. He drank his tea gratefully and munched away quietening his stomach which had started rumbling for contributions as soon as it smelt the food. At least his stomach was happy.
Her coffee arrived, including a fancy wooden tray, fabric liner, a pretty ceramic mug, nicely presented, with savories and little cakes and with a napkin and hand cleaner. His was minus all the frills and his containers were all made of tin. A paper file in spreadsheet form came through another slot in the wall he hadn’t noticed, which immediately closed, and he started reading noting that at the right side of the sheet the verdict of ‘guilty’ had already been entered citing various types of evidence; iPad and files and witness statements. It started with jobs planned and continued, recent jobs first. He quickly glanced through to the end noting convictions in his youth going back thirty-seven years. Oh well, he’d started young.
“You realize we’ve got you and it’s the death penalty and seizure and disposal of all your assets?”
“Yes.”
“However we are prepared to offer you a deal in the interests of speedily solving all these crimes including the ones we have scanty evidence for. That includes your choice as to the manner of execution.”
“No chance of a prison planet?”
“Not a chance and no superintendent would accept someone with your record anyway.”
Well that was hardly surprising, “So what’s the deal if I’m already going to die. Can my kids keep their trust accounts?”
“Of course not! Don’t be ridiculous. What we are prepared to offer you is immunity from prosecution for Kamina and release of your children into her care.”
“Under what conditions?”
“You save the court time, plead guilty to all charges and get to choose the method of your execution and privacy from your side.”
“They see me, I don’t see them?”
“Correct.”
“Which properties can she keep?”
“None of them as all were bought with the proceeds of crime.”
“She owned a property when I met her.”
“She owed money on it.”
Shit, she had done her homework, “I inherited my parent’s property.”
“Only one quarter of it. You bought your surviving siblings out.”
“Couldn’t the equity I did own and Kamina’s equity in her house be combined to give her and the kids a house to live in?”
“I thought of that and the judge did agree to take this into account and providing her with a house to live in in a location of her choice, rent free.”
“But that means she won’t own it.”
“No, but she can go to work and might be able to arrange to pay it off. It gives her and your children somewhere to live. I was going to suggest one of your holiday homes because they will be presumably furnished. All of the contents of all of your houses have been seized. If you agree to the deal, your Kamina will get to pack a carrier to take with her so long as she agrees to supervised packing which will allow her only basic clothing and items of minimal commercial value. However the children will be allowed to take extra items and more clothing and personal items. No communication is permitted between your children and Kamina until all the packing is done so she cannot prompt them to claim valuable items or items which may be used in further crimes. Kamina is, of course, on probation and surveillance for life.
“That isn’t much of a deal.”
“It gives your three children a parent and a home to live in which might even be furnished if the court feels generous. The court takes into account that you have never held down a job, never paid tax and you have lived a lavish lifestyle off the proceeds of crime. You have committed multiple murders, stolen vast amounts of goods costing billions to the insurance industry, trafficked in drugs which has cost society millions if not billions in health and related crime costs, committed…”
“Alright I get it. Deal, so long as she gets custody, somewhere to live, furniture, groceries and the cats. She will get a job, she’s a hard worker,” he paused, thinking fast, “can she be exempted from having to declare a police record if she has no actual conviction?”
“Sounds reasonable. I will ask for that for the sake of the children. It should be allowed for their sake.”
“You get that added and I’ll sign it. Can I ask for two more things?”
“What?”
“Immunity from prosecution for Sheila?”
“Sign it and I’ll ask.”
He nodded, “And can I say goodbye to my family?”
“I did try to get that on humanitarian grounds and for the sake of the children but it was denied on the basis that you could use that visit to pass on instructions to commit further crimes such as killing informants or otherwise trying to pervert the course of justice or to inform your family of any assets we haven’t yet found.”
Well that scotched his chances of doing precisely that. No revenge and Kamina wouldn’t even know which lawyer or informant to target or where the off world accounts and assets were. He sighed, he should have told her but he was afraid she’d snatch the kids and leave him and grab some of them. She’d had no idea of the extent of his operations when she met him and he knew she didn’t like the crime but he also knew she would be almost relieved to do an honest job and she would do it. She would support and care for the kids. He had chosen well there, one reason, probably the main reason she’d never left him had been her devotion to the kids plus that fact that he was supporting her parents and one of her brothers who was disabled. She would do anything for them and the kids including stay with him when she’d found out about the extent of his crimes and about the other women. At least his kids would avoid being brought up in institutions like some of his Mob were and they had nightmare tales of those places. Put bad and not so bad kids together and they tended to sink to the lowest common denominator. And then when he thought again, he realized she wouldn’t go along with killing anyone. She might have been impoverished when he met her but she was no fool and unlike him she had morals. Which was why he had fallen for her apart from her spectacular looks. Kamina and her family came from Zaire and she was black; black eyes, hair and skin and the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
His lawyer finished up her paperwork and left with no further ado. He wondered who this woman was since she hadn’t introduced herself and she wasn’t wearing the name tag anywhere he could see it. She was probably brought in from another area just for this job. It shouldn’t be legal that he didn’t even know her name. He had no way to get even with her. He wondered what was going to happen now when again he was told to put his hands through the slot and the trudge back to his cell, totally private, duplicated the outward bound one. There were now three meal packs cuddling up to each other. He ignored them on his hasty trip to the loo where he relieved the hydraulic pressure caused by all the tea.
He lay down on the disgustingly stained mattress and wondered what was happening with the kids, where were they and were they OK? If he’d had any idea all this was going to happen he’d have got off the planet with the kids and Sheila. He had enough on other planets to live a comfortable life and had false documentation and aliases for them all and even for Kamina if Sheila and he had broken up. To get around the usual little problem of identity he had a spaceship he could call and could live permanently on that because once the alarm was raised his new identities wouldn’t stand scrutiny on planet but one could live on a space ship. But that wasn’t a life. He enjoyed his power over people. He loved his life and the way people leapt to it when he gave orders. He would miss the fawning restaurateurs, the tables on permanent reserve for him, the meals cooked just for him, the servants, the women, the top class booze but mostly the power. The way people looked at him and got out of his way. He liked knowing he could crush anyone who annoyed him and he liked doing it.
• • •
Time passed. Every now and again he accessed his bracelet which was still having charges added. He wondered when withdrawal would start and what would be done about that. It took about three days to start and that meant he had two more days to go before the shakes started. Thank heavens he’d had time to have a whisky before he’d been arrested. He had a strict policy of no drinking until his morning meeting and no drinking at home until the evening but he knew this wasn’t fooling his wife; she knew.
Another meal pack was delivered as he sat thinking over his life and he realized it must be evening so that meant no court today. He discovered he could add a comment to the spreadsheet on his bracelet and on principal, he spent some time going through his charges and denying some he knew he hadn’t authorized but there were just so many crimes and so many he couldn’t remember but counting them up, he thought that would be about right. He added up how many crimes his mob committed in a typical week and figured the total would be about right.
His stomach by this time was outraged and he got up and went to look at the meal packs. His lunch pack was savories and some he recognized. He opened the pack and munched finding it was edible but pretty tasteless and not what he was used to; it was healthy. Finally, he had to go to the water spigot and drink some water which was appalling and tasted awful. He never drank water. He wondered if they had noticed he had not touched the water yesterday and if that was another reason why he got the tea. That and the fact that he had decided it wasn’t worth trying to get off. He was guilty and everyone knew it and the “Organized Crimes Act” meant he couldn’t use his usual methods to get the charges dropped. He wished they would just hurry up and get it over with, preferably before he went into withdrawal.
• • •
By the afternoon of the third day, the shakes had started. Soon after, he was again led into the little room with the glass wall. He sat, miserable, sick and rather apprehensive waiting to see what his lawyer wanted now. But to his surprise a man walked in whom he recognized; the Police doctor.
“Are you going through some kind of withdrawal or are you sick?”
“Probably withdrawal.”
“From what?”
“Probably alcohol. I’m not into the really bad drugs, not the ones you get addicted to.”
“What are your symptoms?”
“Shakes, feel sick, a bit nauseous.”
“Any hallucinations, vomiting, diarrhea, thirst, headache, bellyache?”
Monty thought, “belly ache, very bad headache, bit nauseous, thirsty, no diarrhoea or vomiting and no hallucinations.”
“How long have you been drinking heavily and how much do you habitually drink?”
“Started drinking when I was a kid, about twenty-seven years heavily in total. I drink about half a bottle of whisky or the equivalent a day.”
“A five hundred ml or seven hundred and fifty ml bottle?”
“Usually a seven hundred ml bottle.”
“Ever drink a full bottle in a day?”
“Sometimes.”
“You smoke don’t you?”
“Yes.”
“What about diet? What would you eat in a normal day?”
“My wife sees to it that I eat properly at breakfast and dinner. Fruit and cereal for breakfast, normal dinner with a protein source and fruit and veg for tea. Pub lunch.”
“What other health problems do you have?”
“Gall bladder removed, bit of emphysema, part of both lungs replaced, had my pancreas replaced to fix diabetes, relined stomach to treat ulcers, some of my heart arteries replaced, had gout treated, I had a mild stroke and that was treated, usual seasonal illnesses, no cancers; I’ve had all the inoculants for that.”
“What medications are you on?”
“My wife sees to all that but preventative stuff mainly. And she feeds me vitamins and stuff to offset the drinking.”
“Were the replacement parts donated or grown?”
“Grown, I’m not on anti rejection medication.”
The prison doctor noted his pallor and sweating, the shakes the guards had alerted him to, signs of dehydration and the fact that the water was disappearing fast but the savouries were still sitting there. The guards had counted up three meals eaten in three days and the rest ignored plus that Monty was drinking increasing amounts of water but the amount was hard to calculate given there were no cups. He typed out a note to the guards to put a cup in his room so fluid intake could be calculated.
“I’ll give you some medication to help with the withdrawal. It’s a strong tranquillizer which will help with anxiety and settle your stomach. It also contains an anti-convulsant, painkiller and has an anti-nausea added. It’ll be added with your next meal. Let me know if hallucinations start. Anything else wrong?”
“No. Thanks doc. I didn’t think they’d bother to treat me.”
“I won’t tolerate that. All get treated unless they refuse treatment.”
“I won’t be doing that, I’m not that stupid.”
When Monty got back to his cell he found the pills and immediately took them and lay down. He awoke, startled to find he had slept the whole night through but the headache and nausea restarted as he sat up. He looked around for the pills, found more, swallowed them with two cups of water and lay down again. He awoke again to find more meal packs and realized some time had passed. There was a note hanging down across the latest meal pack to say that court would be tomorrow afternoon; delayed due to the number of crimes involved and extra witnesses coming forward with verification of previous charges and adding extra charges. He didn’t bother to check his bracelet. He’d been here four days and tomorrow would be five. Or was it six? Somebody had been moving very fast and he wondered how many people were involved in this operation and where all his money was going to go. He seemed to recall the Tax Department, Justice Department, Insurance Industry, Health Department ‘and other interested parties whose claims were accepted’ would put claims in to an adjudicator when the majority of his assets were judged to have been seized and auctioned off. It was ironic to realize that his assets would pay for the Police and Justice systems’ costs. The Tax Department would be celebrating too. He assumed the army would get paid too.
• • •
Two days later, his day in court was, in fact, four hours long as he sat in a drugged daze, heard the sentences read and pleaded guilty. The worst of the withdrawal was through but Monty had given up and just wanted it all over. He chose pills to die as he hated injections and didn’t want to know he was dying. The pills were an overdose of a sedative which depressed the breathing and everyone knows what happens when you stop breathing. He had never been a martyr type and this way it would go easy on him and disappoint the public especially the ghouls. It would be boring and that would give him something to smile about instead of them.

Chapter Twenty
As we watched the report of Monty’s demise I felt glee, relief, surprise that it had all gone so smoothly to plan and astonishment that we had gotten away with it. Not only one dead Monty but so many of his gang headed for a similar fate and the rest to different areas on the prison planet. The best part was that all those convicted would be kept incommunicado under ‘The Organized Crime’s Act’ which reduced the chances of tip-offs, revenge hits etc. And I was off Scott free; there was no connection to me. Duke and Thayne were the only contacts known to the Police and Duke’s identity known to only one Policeman. Thayne was being well looked after, still in rehab and according to whoever checked, if anyone ever did, his daughter was paying his rehab fees now, for rehab past the immediate withdrawal stage. She was paying too. Duke had found out that the Police chief’s daughter had delivered a large package of cash to her with the advice that her father was being paid in a roundabout way for cooperating with the Police and she had best forget she ever heard that as it would be extremely detrimental to her health and her father’s health if the wrong people ever found out. Duke gathered it was many times the amount needed for the Rehab, presumably as a ‘reward’ for Thayne and for his daughter, whose generosity had kept him alive.
• • •
We were alone late one night as I was about to go to bed when my father asked, “Are you going to tell me why you were so set on getting Monty?”
“He deserved it.”
“I’ve no argument there but it is very obvious to me and Duke that it was personal with you and not just due to Marcene.”
I noticed Marcene was looking up at me. She so often just sat in the corner like a shadow that I often forgot she was there. I sighed and sat back down.
“I went to work for Monty when I was ten. Make that seven or eight, this age thing is confusing. I first started running messages and packages between Mob members, I was a lookout and I was good at spotting cops, especially undercover ones. I was also good at finding the cop’s cameras and other surveillance equipment. Later, aged ten, I started delivering to customers. Courier is a dangerous job in Shantytown. I got cheated, beaten up, threatened, robbed and on one occasion very badly hurt despite my Psi abilities because sometimes attacks are impulsive and unplanned and I could only detect the planned ones.
The main point though is that I was paid a pittance for a dangerous job that made a huge amount of money for Monty. I estimate I earned $850,000 plus for Monty, an estimate as the cost of the drugs varied. I was paid $5,890 over an eight year period. When I was beaten, robbed or not paid, Monty and his Mob told me it was my fault despite them being very well aware of the dangers of the job. They also knew the dangerous customers and on at least one occasion they had bets on as to whether I would survive the delivery. That’s the type of person Monty was and so were the type of men he recruited. That’s why I wanted so much to get him. I knew a lot of kids, some young, who were killed, became addicted, suffered permanent injury, rape, and other abuse. Monty didn’t give a shit. I couldn’t get free of him until two years ago when I was old enough to get dock work and the like and resigning was a problem. I finally told his men I couldn’t do the deliveries anymore because of anxiety attacks. I told them I was a wreck and put on a good performance for them. They only let me go when I managed to convince them I was no good to them anymore and I had to endure another beating and grovel like I was a total wreck in order to get free of him. I swore to get him for that, on that day.
Thayne, wasn’t the only one who collected information on Monty, I did too. I had written down a whole lot of stuff and gave it to Thayne who memorized it. We destroyed my notes. Thayne and I, together, collated as much information as we could. I found out about Monty’s pub escape routes form a delirious drug addict. I got a lot of information through a variety of routes. Questioning some of Monty’s men while they were drugged was one method. Did you know one drug makes a great interrogation tool and they remember nothing afterwards?” I felt a little guilty at the expression on his face and his fear for me.
• • •
“Getting his Mob as well is a bonus. I know some other Mob will go in to fill the vacuum but I hope they will be more cautious and somewhat better employers,” I said wryly. “Also, the newcomers will be more aware that too much abuse will encourage victims and their families to contact Police and lay charges.
“The next Mob will be less sure that they are above the law and less likely to think that no one will dare to complain. The fact that the Police are saying most of their information came from within Shantytown and inferring multiple informants coming forward, will help protect the Shantytowners and I do think they themselves will be much more likely to lay complaints with the Police in the future and very likely to threaten the next Mob that they could do so. The point is that the Shantytowners are giving themselves a lot of the credit for getting Monty and that makes them feel powerful. I know that to be true because I can feel it.”
“Did you have no other choices Michel?”
I winced at the anguish in his voice, “No Dad. None that was acceptable to me. At first I worked only part time because I was at school for two years and they fed us there but after that I had to increase my hours to make enough money to live. I did get some of the bad customers back though. I did a bit of chemistry research and after a while I learnt to doctor the drugs with sedatives and go back later and get my money back for past robberies and non payments. And I learnt to hide money so if I didn’t get paid or I got robbed, I had some savings to make it up. Going back to Monty’s Mob with no money to give them was rather inadvisable.
After a few bad experiences I started getting smarter. I had not only spare cash but spare drugs stolen a tiny bit at a time until I had spare drugs and spare heavy tranquillizers which I carried on me and could add to the drugs. I practiced and practiced until I could do the doctoring without looking and while getting the drugs out of a special carrier I made for them. The tranquillizer was highly concentrated and I did that myself. Often I didn’t know who was going to be at the delivery address and many Shantytowners were very mobile. Bad customers also could ask for delivery at a good customer’s house with or without the homeowner’s permission; usually without. Those ones, the non-payers, got the doctored drugs, and then I would carefully follow them to their real home and rob them later. Don’t look at me like that Duke I was just getting my own money back!”
“And no extra?”
“Well I figured they owed me interest and danger money. Many of them collapsed in the street because getting the dose right was difficult since I often didn’t know their size. I also didn’t know if they’d down it all at once or go home first. However most of them wasted no time using it so if they went down in the street I either robbed them of everything they had to make it look like a standard robbery or I scarpered and someone else robbed them because I had to make sure no one saw me. Strange how most of the dodgiest customers wanted night time deliveries but that was so useful to me and I got most of them that way, eventually. I made more money robbing thieving customers than the pay I got from Monty.”
By this time my Dad was sitting with his head in his hands and Duke was looking stupefied. Marcene was smiling because, of course, she knew all about my various methods and paybacks and she seemed amused at Duke’s reaction but sad at my Dad’s I noticed.
“How did you manage to avoid a Police record?” Asked Duke.
“I could detect cops. I could feel their lack of craving, a different sort of anticipation, their excitement sort of, I don’t know exactly how to put it but there was a different feel to them than to normal customers, so I simply didn’t deliver to them. Customers felt like a craving, a need or a different type of anticipation but not quite the same type of excitement.”
“Did you have to do that?”
“Dad, I had to live. Stealing was bad for my nerves and I hated to steal off people who generally had only a little more than me. I hated begging, I can’t play an instrument and I can’t carry a tune in a bucket so busking was out. I did spend a lot of time dumpster diving but the bigger kids would often bully and rob the little kids so that was only a reasonable option when I was older except for the dumpsters outside Klaxon’s store which was on Shantytown land. His security guards were apparently told to look after the little kids. One or two of the guards would keep better quality food aside for the little kids. That kept me going for the first few months I was there and intermittently after that. Another little kid took me there and to another church. This church was always good for a lunch time meal if they had food which they did several times a week. I got priority when I was little because I was little and I was classified as an unsupported minor. So if there was any food at all I was one of those that got it.”
“What happened when you first arrived in Shantytown?”
“I fell the last few feet or so and I was knocked out. I woke up with a headache and a few injuries but the first person that came near me I ran from. A kid took me to Old Sal and she patched me up. She later told me I had a broken arm and a concussion and she thought that was what had caused my amnesia. She thought I was about six and I didn’t know so I accepted that. I guess I was big for my age, compared with Shantytown kids. She took me to the Church, the main one which kept records of missing kids but I wasn’t on their data base; no one had reported me missing. The woman who tried to interview me kept asking me about my mother but every time she did that I said she had gone and I started to cry. She told Old Sal (who had taken me there), that I seemed to know my mother was dead and she concluded my mother had been killed so that left me an orphan.”
“Didn’t she ask you about your father?” My father asked.
“I think so but I don’t remember what I said. I guess I couldn’t remember.”
“So what did they do with you?”
“They treated my injuries, put my arm in a cast, fed me and let me go.”
“What!?” My father was outraged.
“Dad there were just so many unsupported kids, some younger than me and the church had nowhere to put them.”
“What about Social Services? What about Child Services?”
“There aren’t any in Shantytown Duke. People who adopt kids don’t want damaged ones where there are alternatives. A very few were adopted from Shantytown but they were babies generally. Remember you can get an undamaged, healthy baby from the incubators so why choose a damaged kid?”
“So what happened then?”
“You don’t want to know Dad,” and I turned and left.
• • •
Jed looked at Marcene who shrugged, “He doesn’t like to talk about what happened when he first arrived there. Life improved when he started working for Monty.”
“Was my son abused?”
“Yes he was but not after he started working for Monty, not that way. Sharelle thought he took sex jobs occasionally but I don’t know about that. He was getting extra money from somewhere but I wouldn’t assume it was sex jobs, it could have been anything and he had to hide extra income from Sharelle because she would just spend any money she saw and on anything. If he did sex jobs it wouldn’t have been with men and woman generally don’t pay well so I doubt it. I think Sharelle just assumed he did that because it was the easiest job for her and since Sharelle would go with men or women for money she assumes others are like her. In Michel’s case I doubt it but I don’t ask.”
“What work did you do did you do and how did you end up in Shantytown?”
“I was born there Duke, I never knew anything else. I didn’t have a father and there was me and my older sister. She died in one of the plagues, I forget which one. I survived. I was about four, I think. My mother survived too. It was one of those plagues where if you survived it then the next time you got it you got a much milder version. I remember there was a lot of bitterness because there was a vaccine for that one but it didn’t reach us. It wasn’t expensive but you only got it if you could afford to buy it which we couldn’t. Jed, you do know that the vaccines available now are often donated but sometimes are then sold by unscrupulous people, some of whom work for the various charities? Even though they are past their expiry dates by the time we get them? The church doesn’t sell them but others do.”
Marcene smiled, “Danny is here because of one of those cheapies. Sharelle had a new contraceptive implant put in but there were rumors that the cheap implants we got were ones that had been removed from rich women who wanted to get pregnant. More likely they were old ones being replaced which meant they might be nearing their ‘use-by’ date. They were guaranteed for five years and usually worked for eight so us smarter ladies generally calculated on them working for three years and then we got another.”
Jed looked at her, shocked, “You used second hand implants?! Isn’t that an infection risk?”
“Heck yes, it breaks all the rules but they were easy to sell and a clinic is often replacing twenty to thirty a day. That’s a nice little earner for someone with no scruples. No outlay, all profit and no one is in a position to complain.”
Duke shuddered, “Were they sterilized first?”
“They couldn’t be or they wouldn’t work. They were just wrapped and dunked in water if you were unlucky and in watered down alcohol (which apparently was best) if you were lucky. Often the applicators were reused multiple times so they got pretty blunt but at the clinic they had ten applicators on a carousel and they got soaked in disinfectant in turn so at least they were clean.”
“Aren’t they supposed to be single use?”
“Yes Jed but they were also sold second hand and at a tenth of the new price so the church and the clinics in Shantytown really didn’t have a choice. Ten applicators for the price of one and used for a whole day for many women, or untreated women and children born that the women couldn’t afford.”
“That sounds like a risky version of Russian roulette. What about the male contraceptive implant. It’s much cheaper, easy to reverse and has less side effects.”
“Yes, and any woman would be an idiot to take a man’s word on that one even if they were partnered! It’s not the men who get burdened with an unwanted pregnancy it’s the women and it’s known in Shantytown as ‘The Payback.’”
“What is?” Asked Duke.
“Getting a woman pregnant just before you dump her. Done all the time. To men, pregnancy is regarded as proving prowess, pay back, ‘still got it’ but to women a pregnancy is a fifteen to eighteen year commitment added to whatever and whoever else she has.”
Duke looked at Marcene in a different light. He had never seen her so passionate, outspoken and adamant. He had become used to her being just a scared shadow in the corner but now he was beginning to see the Marcene that Michel had described to them and he liked it. This looked like a woman with spunk and he was beginning to see why Michel liked her so much.
“So,” said Duke with caution, “was Sharelle an accident?”
“No, she was planned. We were both working and we had bought a good shanty, well, good by Shantytown standards.”
“So what were your jobs?”
“Nathaniel was an apprentice computer technician, third year so he was getting some pay and I was a student nurse, second year, and I worked part time as a carer to pay my student fees. But we decided to stop my training and he would go full time and finish his training and get qualified and support me for a change while I had a baby. Then I’d get my mother to care for the baby until I finished my training and at that stage we were hoping to be able to move out of Shantytown. Once out of Shantytown and both working, we would qualify for free crèche and then free school so we could both work.”
“Wouldn’t it have been better to wait till you were both qualified?”
“Yes Duke but I had a problem, a condition called endometriosis. It caused crippling pain every month and I couldn’t afford the time off work or off study that it caused and neither could I afford the treatment or the cure. It was getting worse and to the stage where I needed sick days every month. But old wisdom is that pregnancy sometimes fixes it so we decided to try that option. It didn’t cure me but the pain is no longer crippling and it’s been a lot less severe as I’ve gotten older. Also if you have endometriosis and delay pregnancy it often results in being unable to have children even in your twenties. We looked at my options and decided to go for it. Pregnancy was bliss, no pain.”
“So what went wrong?”
“My mother got ill when Sharelle was eighteen months old or rather got diagnosed then. It was a bad heart valve caused probably by a prior illness and of course she couldn’t afford the treatment which was an expensive operation and as she got increasingly breathless she had to stop working. However she could look after Sharelle which saved me the crèche fees and made her feel useful. Nathaniel took the space job to earn money to pay for my mother’s treatment and pay the last of his qualification and registration fees so he could start working for good money. When he didn’t come back, my mother said I had to keep the money for myself and Sharelle and my mother eventually died. I don’t know where Sharelle got her selfishness from but it certainly wasn’t from my selfless mother!
I was only partly qualified so I could only work as an aide or carer but with a nursing background and references, I was in a better position than most of the unqualified. I got a live-in job in the city where the lady let me take Sharelle with me. She was five by this stage and so pretty. I stayed there for six years but couldn’t return to my studies because the lady needed full time care and I wasn’t paid much but I stayed there because Sharelle got to go to school and she did well. But the Lady died and I had no choice but to return to Shantytown and just take whatever jobs I could. The lady was very wealthy and I’d hoped she would leave me some money but she didn’t. Her family that couldn’t be bothered with her when she was sick were the ones that got her money and promptly kicked me out. They also wouldn’t let me take some of my things claiming they were hers but they knew otherwise. Often when she bought something new she would give me the old one; especially technical things. I had so little and they had so much and the stuff wasn’t worth much anyway. I’ve never understood how people can be that greedy.
When she died I was very upset because I was fond of her but her family just wanted her money and things and started taking stuff immediately including the things she’d given me but of course I couldn’t prove ownership and it was my word against theirs. Because the things were old and second hand they had very little resale value anyway so they were of little value to them but a lot to me and I lost a lot of photos of Sharelle, study notes and other personal data. I never understood how people could do things like that. I was paid to work fifty hours a week and I worked more like seventy because I had to get up in the night to her and her family knew that too but their attitude to me was that they were doing me a favour employing me for a pittance. They even couldn’t be bothered to give me a reference.”
Duke thought that was so sad but he knew the type of people she was talking about; those who never considered the needs of others.
• • •
“Some of the jobs I had were for keep only, because of Sharelle. She was a bit of a liability especially when I found out she was stealing off my employers. Then when she was twelve, I found out she was doing a strip tease dance for one of them. She told me he was teaching her to dance and that he thought she was very good and would be able to make a good living from dancing. Initially they both concealed from me what they were really doing and then acted the innocent when I found out but I later found out he was paying her more than he was paying me. She threw that in my face months later; that he paid her and how much and for what! Oh God I felt so sick! We left there immediately to Sharelle’s disgust but again I left without a reference so life was just downhill after that.
Once she turned sixteen, Sharelle started work in bars, dancing, but she spent all she earned. It was then that I again restarted my nursing training even though I had to start from the beginning again. You have a maximum of five years to get your degree and I think this is done to restrict professional jobs to the rich and make it much harder for the poor to get qualifications part time.
Once or twice I would get a better job and I was doing well despite working to pay the fees but again I had to stop because Sharelle kept getting into trouble and into financial messes and I had to keep bailing her out so I repeatedly had to put my training on hold. I would have to repeat the whole course now yet again,” she said mournfully, “and I was good at it. I passed all my exams and I loved the job.”
“Would you like to restart now?” Jed asked. “Danny is at crèche and you have the time and the money.”
“But I’m forty-three. I’d be forty-seven before I qualified.”
“So? You can keep working after age sixty at a physically easier job like clinic work. You can do what you did before only now you have better wages and much nicer employers. You could get a job in one of my clinics. Or I could set you up in a charity clinic in Shantytown.”
“Oh I’d love that!”
“That makes a change! I have to pay my other nurses extra pay to go there and they only do one day a week. Would they let you restart your training?”
“They’ll take anyone’s money and train anyone, they’re quite unscrupulous. They continue to train people who clearly won’t pass and also those who are not fit people to do the job. All they want is the money. Amazing how many fail only right at finals! And how many get no references and soon can’t work because it becomes so obvious they are no good at the job or not trustworthy.”
Duke nodded, “I’d heard that. Not the nursing bit but other professions and types of training. It’s clearly biased against the poor. But I agree with Jed; I think you should restart your training.”
• • •
When Marcene left to fetch Danny, Jed put a call in to the Head of the Education Institute, and said, “Jed Bannerman here Daudler and I’m asking for a favor.” He explained the situation adding, “she tells me she has completed and passed year one three times and year two twice but has never been able to start year three. What can you do?”
“Well since it’s you Jed, we could just grant her year one as being a current pass and let her redo the second year course and she could start third year at the same time. That’s if she’s got current work.”
“She’s working full time for my son, as a carer, looking after my grandson and she’s starting work in my Shantytown clinic in the weekends.”
“Well that satisfies the work requirement, so long as she passes the year two exams we can move her up to year three or as I said she could study both years at the same time if she is confident she can pass. The classes have started but if you pay the non-refundable deposits for both years I’m sure she can catch up. Most of it is on-line and she can do it at her own pace or attend for lessons once she’s made up the time and passed the exams.”
“Send me the details and I’ll pay now,” Jed said realizing nothing was really being made easy for her but that if he had read her right, paying for her would be a huge incentive to her to up her performance and pass. And he was mindful that Ischi said Marcene needed distraction from her trauma. This should do it. Nothing like an incentive and a reward. She should be able to cope given second year was relearning what she already knew. Doing second year and third year studies at the same time could be called a distraction…
• • •
I was highly amused when I found out what my father had done. Talk about influence; by the authority of his name and, probably, owing a favor, he had given Marcene the special dispensation of being granted her first year as being ‘within the allowable time period,’ which it wasn’t, and also the choice of doing two years study at the same time. Amazing.
After her initial panic, Marcene had remembered there were two intakes a year so she could whiz through the whole year two program and sit it in five months and then concentrate on year three. Qualifying in just over a year, or eighteen months if she took the two separately. That was instead of three years. And as I reminded her it was all paid for and she had an income and a nice place to live while she studied and a computer. Simple.
Of course there was the little initial problem of two sets of assignments and two sets of exams but my father would ensure she got credits for babysitting and the Shantytown work she had yet to start and she could do all the year two hospital work squashed into the second half of the year. And Dad insisted she just work at her study until she passed year two exams and he would organize me to cook the books (I didn’t tell him I already had a lot of experience at that), to credit her for the babysitting she had already done as if she was doing it now but she would have to do one day a week at the Shantytown clinic for the compulsory work experience. Simple, like Dad said.
Duke and I sat there laughing at the gob smacked expression on her face as Dad explained to her, “The clinic will substitute for hospital work for year two especially given it is in Shantytown and includes Medical, Surgical, Maternity, Accident and Emergency and for the year three work experience, you can work in my hospital which has all of those plus Orthopedic and more complicated Medical and Surgical plus more clinics and Psychiatric. For the second part of year three, you will have to work in one of the big city hospitals but your place there is guaranteed; pick one and I will fix it.”
I was beginning to see how the other half lived and my attitude to her was take-all-you-can-get which amused most people and frustrated my father because I adamantly refused any advantage. I had never had aspirations to be a doctor or any other profession because I thought it would be impossible for me. Planning and goals are for those with some chance of achieving them and I had never been a day dreamer except for things like revenge which I never expected would ever be reality.
• • •
While Marcene was up to her ears in study and Danny was at Psi School, I was struggling with my second best subject which had turned out to be Computer Studies and Keyboard. It was going to take me a whole year, at the rate I was going, to pass this one but I was sure my method of one-at-a-time was the best one as it forced me to pass the difficult bits to keep going rather than switch subjects at every road block which was my favourite study routine.
Sometimes I’d ask Siobhan to help. There was a temptation, I’ll admit, to ask her to help at exam time but I never did. If we ever met up, she’d think poorly of me for it. And I continued, carefully, to sleuth out who she was. She had never let slip her surname. I knew she was an accountant and her father was a lawyer which was how we had met. She had gone to work with him late one night because he was called urgently into work at the police station and had no babysitter and she was happy to go with him and wait. She was just through a wall and a fence from me which was how she heard my pathetically weak and unintentional sending. She must have reached out to me as I tried to Link back with my mother and she and I Linked instead. We had so much in common. We were both hiding our Psi and had both lost our mothers recently. Mine to murder, that day, and hers to another man with whom her mother had run away with a month ago leaving Siobhan feeling unwanted and abandoned and with a bitter father who didn’t know what to do with her and who frequently forgot her, immersed in his work and left her alone. She was ten and should never have been left alone at that age, even I knew that. She never objected, terrified of being sent away from him and losing him too. She behaved perfectly, always afraid he would reject her too, followed him around, stayed in the car, in the police station, outside the prison or quietly at his office while he was working. She learnt to carry an iPad with her at all times so she had something to do or read and she also learnt to be aware of where he was so he wouldn’t forget her again and leave without her. Both of us were so unhappy and felt our lives were in peril for different reasons. And both of us loved reading.
My sojourn at Psi School had taught me that what we were doing was Linking. She didn’t know that. She had never been to Psi School, no one except me and Danny knew of her Psi abilities and it appeared she was completely self trained but I had an idea and that idea was called private tuition. She was a recluse, lonely, unhappy and tortured and those walls were going to come down.
• • •
I dragged my mind back on task. Next year, I was going to pick two subjects, Language (English) and Science. For the latter, I could pick Physics and Biology as my majors; Biology to help Marcene (so I could help test her) and Physics because it should be easy for me. Chemistry, I was rotten at because I’d never even learnt the basics. The Robotics and Synthetics sections I was actually looking forward to though as they were the type of subjects I would have liked to learn if I had had the chance. But I would have to pass each section which meant passing the Chemistry too and I’d never learnt any of that except to learn how to doctor drugs and that had been a very specific and somewhat limited field of study.
My little son was due to start real school next week allowed to start before aged five if kindergarten recommended him as being ready which they did. So just after my eighteenth birthday I would have a school age child. There had to be an oops in there somewhere but I failed to feel guilty. Stuff happens. So we were all pretty busy.
• • •
Psi School continued with me butting out and Danny learning to use his abilities without my help. Almost all the strength he had formerly used was mine and Danny was deflated and frustrated when our Unlinking left him exposed on his own. When I came home from work one day and found him tearful and still upset, Marcene explained that Unlinking had revealed the separation in our abilities and it was confirmed that I was the focus, the concentration, the amplifier, the organizer and the battery.
I went over and picked him up to cuddle him as usual and then had an idea. I put him down then picked him up very pointedly. Danny looked at me, puzzled. I put him down again and said “Your turn.”
“What?”
“You pick me up. No Psi.”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“Your…” he paused and I watched as the light switched on and he made the connection. A bright boy my Danny.
I nodded, “I’m much bigger, much stronger and much heavier than you. Add years of training to that. You will probably catch up and pass me. Your granddad says you can do more than I could at your age. I was four when I first Teleported using my mother as the focus and you did it, by yourself, aged three. Or maybe we were Linked, I can’t remember. But my point is you should eventually be better than me. But what does ‘eventually’ mean Danny?”
“In a while.”
“In a long while. Years, get it?” He did, finally and I could feel he got it. He still thought he could catch up ‘soon’ but he did finally feel to me like he understood that ‘soon’ was a while away. I felt the frustration and distress easing and I hoped he would apply himself to his Psi lessons with a more realistic attitude and set of expectations.
• • •
The next evening Marcene let me know he’d got the point and the last two weeks of Psi School had him coming home eager to try out his homework, not tearful and I practiced with him as he taught me what he’d learnt. He loved that bit and so did I. I even called him ‘teacher.’
So by the time the six weeks training was over, Marcene, Danny and I had graduated from Psi School, the real reason because they had nothing else to teach us and we just needed to practice. Practice! I used three Psi abilities together to do my job and we had come up with a neat plan to get me to work quickly when Danny was awake. We would Link up and I would Teleport. Interestingly, it took the same amount of energy to jump as it would take to walk it but it saved my father a security guard and it sure saved on time! It also maintained the illusion that I could Teleport which did, I thought and so did my father and Duke, make me less at risk from kidnappers.
At work, one of the chairs was mine and only mine when I was due to arrive and the staff got used to the whoosh of displaced air as I materialized sitting in the chair. It was cool fun and they were mostly amused. Of course I had had to ask their permission first. They often had fun with it like Warren or Poquell would make a drink for me and have it exactly where my hand was supposed to be on arrival. I would casually take it and lean back like a king. Warren threatened to have a bucket of water ready or, worse, a puddle in the chair but I knew he wasn’t that irresponsible. Of course I had to walk home because Danny was asleep sometimes but mainly because I needed exercise because Danny wasn’t the only one who needed some building up of muscles; my illness had seriously depleted my level of fitness and I had to rebuild it.
• • •
By now I’d been at work a nearly six months and I said to my father one night, “how much were my legal fees to get Danny put into my custody and prove parentage and how much did it cost to pay out the orphanage?”
“Why?”
“Because I insist on starting to pay it back.”
“Are you serious? That’s ridiculous! It’s a drop in the ocean compared with what I spent trying to find you and I don’t care anyway. You and Danny are priceless despite all the trouble you cause me.”
“What trouble?”
“Stupid conversations like this one.”
I frowned as Duke and Marcene laughed then started in on him again, “I’m going to pay you back whether you like it or not and then start to pay for the apartment.”
“That’ll take you a hundred and fifty years at your present income and outgoings. What’s your next trick?”
“I’ll set up an automatic payment and you can lump it. Regarding income, I was also thinking about other ways to make a lot of money and I was thinking I could start up a consultancy where I could investigate fraud, conduct job interviews and contract myself out to organizations like the Police. At first, I could do this on my days off, part time.”
“I’ve got a better idea. Why don’t I organize that for you and I’ll hire you. Duke and I could work you full time and earning maybe three times what you’re making now, maybe more. You probably don’t remember but your mother used to do that for me and I so miss having someone like her around.”
“Why didn’t you suggest that before I got the Complaint’s Officer Job?”
“You didn’t trust me then remember? And you didn’t tell me what job you were going for. From memory, I’m not even sure you told me you were looking for a job at all but just that you needed to borrow some good clothes.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
“So can I set that up? Full time?”
“Ah, yes but not for another five weeks.”
“OK, but why? I thought you only had to give a week’s notice?”
“I’ve got a lot of bonuses coming but only if I complete six months work.”
“You’ve been there six months.”
“They told me they don’t count part time so it’s only from when I started full time.”
“Tricky bastards.”
“Mmm,” I agreed, “that was really annoying. I’d been waiting on that accumulated bonus but since it took me five weeks to get up to full time, it was another five weeks for my bonus,” and I thought to myself that I would have to get scrounging more as that would stop once I quit. Not that I was going to mention that to my father. I would miss that, and the people I worked with.
“The bonus works out as a considerable sum for me and it’s tax free because it is a ‘reward’ as far as the Tax Department is concerned given it comes from the Justice System or the store or the various insurance companies. I will miss some of the job too, in particular giving refunds to those who deserved it which is the majority of people and catching the bad guys gave me satisfaction too. Mostly though, it has been a huge Psi learning curve, necessity forcing me to stay there and figure out how to cope, how to Shield properly and how to develop my abilities. I learnt more in those six months than in my previous thirteen years and most of the learning was on my three core abilities; Shield, Emote and Truth Seeking.” I noticed my father’s eyes were unfocused and his mind was busy and I suspected he was thinking how best to put my abilities to use.
I suddenly realized that in a few weeks, Danny would start school, Marcene was passing her assignments and the anxiety was easing. She was by no means back to her normal placid self but her concentration had improved and she was enjoying both her job at my father’s clinic and her training. In a year or so she would be earning and in a few weeks I would be earning three or more times what I was now. I wondered what effect that combination would have on our lives.
• • •
I explained my probable departure to my workmates after work one day and they were not pleased. Thinking aloud as Poquell mourned my imminent departure I said, “I wonder if I would be able to stay on part time. That would keep my scrounging privileges and keep the criminal element guessing.”
“Yes!” Said Poquell, “And it should be on a haphazard basis so no one knows when you are coming given that we suspect the thieves are choosing when you’re working. A lot of people walk in the door, look around, see you, and walk out.”
“That’s interesting. I didn’t know that. That would even be a justification for me continuing to work but at irregular intervals. Good suggestion Poquell.”
“Could we lock the doors and process the whole room?” Warren suggested.
“I could just walk up and down the aisles,” I said, thinking, “and process through the truthful ones while pointing out the criminals to Security.”
• • •
After work, I headed off home, on foot, the inevitable guard with me. It had been a relaxing shift despite processing a huge number of customers through; sales again. I marveled at the changes in me since I began a job that I had originally hated as soon as I started it. How much it had changed me, my abilities and my attitude and how much had my life changed. I felt unrecognizable. And Ivan had obviously been to see Paul Girdler and the change in him was profound. It had taken a while and there had been some lapses but the craving was gone. Although I never discussed it with him, I was guessing he was no longer gambling and he had reduced his work hours a bit. I liked Ivan and his ‘cure’ gave me a warm glow. I’d made a difference there. I wondered if he able to save some money but I couldn’t exactly quiz him. And I had still never seen my boss and I wasn’t the only one who wondered what he was hiding. We communicated only by phone.
• • •
I wondered again what to do about Jules. I had a lot to lose if things went wrong but I burned for revenge; for my mother, for my father, for me, for Marcene, for Nathaniel and for so many others. It would have to be carefully planned and even more carefully carried out and the risks were frightening. I didn’t know if I could get her, let alone if I should. I would have to think about it very carefully. And then there was Siobhan. What was the right thing to do about her? She had always implied that nothing was possible between us and told me to live my life. So I had, but things were different now. We were now more equal in Psi, equal in social standing, equal economically and I didn’t give a damn about the difference in our ages.
But how fragile was she? I didn’t know what was the best thing for her was although I knew what I wanted and Danny and Marcene agreed with me.
In the meantime, I had increasing energy which was almost back to normal; I had an increased appetite unhindered by knotted guts so I was putting on weight. I had grown an inch taller, I hadn’t had an anxiety attack since the block came off my memory and I just had to learn to juggle work, fatherhood and being a son. They sometimes became conflicted. But soon, very soon I would be eighteen. It was going to be the Media versus me, Danny, Ischi, Poquell, Warren and Ivan. The media wouldn’t know what had hit them. I was almost looking forward to it. Almost.
THE END

