Quantum Troopers Return
Episode 8: Twist Pirates
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2020 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
A few words about this series….

Quantum Troopers Return is a series of 25,000-30,000-word episodes detailing the adventures of Johnny Winger and his experiences as a quantum trooper with the United Nations Quantum Corps.  This series continues the original serial stories of Quantum Troopers, Episodes 1-22 (formerly Nanotroopers).
Each episode will be about 40-60 pages, approximately 30,000 words in length.
A new episode will be available and uploaded every 4 weeks.
There will be 10 episodes.  The story will be completely serialized in about 12 months.
Each episode is a stand-alone story but will advance the greater theme and plot of the story arc.  
The main plotline: U.N. Quantum Corps must defeat the criminal cartel Red Harmony’s efforts to use their nanorobotic ANAD systems for the cartel’s own nefarious and illegal purposes. 
Uploads will be made to www.smashwords.com on approximately the schedule below:

Episode # (*)	Title					Approximate Upload Date
1 (23)		‘Fab Lords’					2-7-20
2 (24) 		“Free Fall’					3-6-20
3 (25)		“Forbidden City”				4-3-20
4 (26)		“Deep Encounter”				5-8-20
5 (27)		“HAVOC”					6-12-20
6 (28)		“The Empty Quarter”				7-10-20
7 (29)		“The Hellas Paradox”				8-14-20
8 (30)		“Twist Pirates”				9-11-20
9 (31)		“The Better Angels”				10-9-20
10 (32)		“The Ship of Theseus”			11-13-20

(Note *: Episode numbers start with Episode 1 in this new series but the continuation of episode numbers from Quantum Troopers is also provided)


Chapter 1: “Shiva”

New York City
June 20, 2067 (EUT)

The back alley off East 20th was dimly lit, rat-infested and filled with trash and puddles of oily water from the night's drizzle.  The night was hot and sultry, sticky and sweltering.  Into the alley, a car pulled up, crunching over broken glass and gravel.  Four men got out.
Three of the men were armed with black-muzzled magpulse guns.  The fourth was bound at the wrists with polycuffs.  His name was Moto.  He was an addict.
Moto was thrown roughly to the ground, writhing in pain.  One of the men, short and stocky with a black beard and a black beret, stood over Moto with a sneer, a palm-sized control pad in his hand.  The driver, Leo, and Farouk, the enforcer, hung back, while Kent did the job.
Kent swore at Moto for a few minutes.  "You scamming us, tryin' to vulture us out, huh?  Think we have no brains, is that it?"
"No…man--" Moto forced out.  "--I mean…look, man, give me a--"  Suddenly, he convulsed, rolling up into a fetal position, writhing in pain, while Leo and Farouk looked on sourly.  
Kent was both judge and jury.  "Too late for excuses, pal."  He flicked a switch on the pad and small eye-viewer swung out.  A red button was thumbed.  Moto convulsed like a fish, flopping and rolling across the broken glass of the pavement.  He landed at Farouk's feet, got a boot in the gut for the effort.  "You shoulda taken out a loan--"
Moto groaned, crying, whimpering, struggling with the polycuffs.  Farouk used his boot to kick the poor sap over on his side.  "I…I ain't….I can get… get it--"
Kent wasn't through.  "A man's gotta keep his word, ain't that right, boys?"
"Mm-hmmm," said Leo.
Kent did the red button again.  Moto screamed, bit through his tongue and blood poured from both sides of his mouth.  Farouk took the moment to find a rag and stuffed it in his mouth, earning another scream, this one muffled.  Leo scanned the alley uneasily.  A cat screeched in the distance.
"A man don't pay for his hits--" Kent was saying, circling the prostrate form on the ground, "--a man's not good for his word…well, we can't have that, can we?  Sets a bad example and all.  Trust is so important in this business.  Can't ever get something for nothing…didn't your momma ever tell you that?  Gonna have to terminate this contract for good."  For emphasis, he stabbed the red button again.  
Moto jerked into uncontrollable convulsions, back-snapping contortions.  Leo winced at the sight.  Serengeti was bad shit, no two ways about that.  Get that bugger in your skull and sometimes, you weren't even yourself, more like a robot or a lab rat.
Kent motioned to the two.  "Stand him up.  Prop him up--over there."  He indicated a dingy wall, by a fire escape ladder.
Moto was hoisted up, and held, then tied by the neck to the ladder.  The next convulsion would probably strangle the poor slob.
"Let's see what we can see now…" Kent worked the pad, dialing up a view on the tiny screen.  "Well, well…what have we got here?"  Leo and Farouk leaned a little closer.  
The image fizzled, then settled down.  It was an acoustic view, a snapshot of Moto's brain, the limbic system to be specific.  Ventral tegmentum, just above the brain stem.  As Kent fiddled with the gain, the image sharpened to a dense, hazy forest of neural tissue.  Uncountable millions of neurons throbbed with pulses, while the Shiva nanomechs pumped the gaps with dopamine, and sucked them dry just as fast.  Each cycle sent Moto into shudders and spasms.
Kent snickered.  "Looks like the Indians have taken over the fort, boys.  Take a peek."  He showed them the image, as the Shiva master replicant cruised through thickening dendrites, sounding ahead, and sending the pulses back to the imager.  Moto was a twist addict, pure and simple.  His brain was infested with uncountable gazillions of mechs, all working in unison, all stimulating and massaging the neural pleasure circuits, pretty much on command.  Farouk chuckled at the sight.
"Pusher's dream, huh?"
Kent laughed.  "Right.  Addiction on demand.  Pay as you go."  His laugh melted into a scowl.  "Or not--"  He pressed the red button.  
Moto jerked as if stung, pulled at the cord, nearly throttled himself.  He hung limp for a few seconds, until Leo stood him up again.  On the viewer, a froth churned in dopamine soup, as the mechs plied their trade, working the synaptic gaps like a musical instrument.  A symphony of agony played out on Moto's contorted face.
"See--" Kent bent down to come face to face with Moto.  The addict's breath was sour, bloody.  "See--when you don't make a payment, the bosses get nervous.  You know?  They got bills to pay.  You miss a payment and we gotta come collect."  Kent stood up.  "You don't want us to do that, do you?"
"Nuunnnhhh--" was all Moto could force out.  "I don't--"
"I mean…it ain't like we can just pull the buggers out, now is it.  We got an investment in you…you're kinda like stock.  That means you gotta pay off.  And when you can't pay anymore, well--" Kent half shrugged.  "Just like a stock--"
Moto twisted at the end of his cord, banging his head on the bottom of the ladder.  Kent fiddled with a few buttons, sending the mech fleet back in, stoking the dopamine, lighting a fire in the man's head.  The back of his skull was bruised and bleeding, the new cranial port a gaping wound, half-finished now that Kent had interrupted the mech program.  
All he had to do now was change the program running the Shiva swarm.  Instead of exciting waves of neural ecstasy and pleasure, the mechs would put the bite on Moto, slurping up enough dopamine to send the sucker into paroxysms of excruciating, unending pain.
"Sorry, man, but a deal's a deal."  Kent watched the mech frenzy feeding on Moto's synapses, pressed a few buttons to make it even more exquisite.
From somewhere in the distance, the cat's screech was drowned out by a siren.  Tires squealed.
Leo ran back to the car to get it started.  Farouk fidgeted.  "Kent--come on, man--"
Kent waited until Moto's seizure had subsided.  "Sayonara, my friend--"
He dialed in a new program, upping the output of the Shiva swarm inside Moto's head to its theoretical maximum.  
The jerk of his head snapped the rope, nearly decapitating the twist addict.  Moto flopped on the ground like a dying fish, thrashing and banging his head repeatedly against the wall, screaming through bloody rags at the top of his lungs.  As he died an agonizing, gruesome death, crawling through broken glass, rat shit and trash, Kent and his boys climbed quickly back into their car.
Leo gunned the engine and the car sped off into the drizzling, sultry New York night.  

"And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God and from His power, and no one could enter the temple until the seven plagues of the seven angels were completed."

Revelations, 15:8

Basel, Switzerland
Vivonex Corporation, Central Laboratory
July 1, 2067
Noon

Theo Souvranamh watched the snow-capped mountains of the Alps growing larger by the minute as the hyperjet from Beijing descended through light chop toward the airport at Basel.   It was a bright, sunny day in the foothills of the Neuer-alpen and the Red Harmony Ruling Council member was restless, anxious to get going.  A lot of questions had nagged at the back of his mind on the flight.  With any luck, Vivonex would be the start of getting some answers.
A little foggier and rockier, Souvranamh thought, and it could pass for the Trans-Himalayas.  He spied a few lakes, nestled in the brow of craggy ridges overlooking the silvery gleam of the Rhine River.  And that could be Nam Tso, with the Paryang Valley right next to it.
But those days were gone for Quantum Corps assaults from below ground years ago had turned the monastery that had once been Red Harmony headquarters into smoking rubble.
The jet kissed the tarmac and roared to a stop.  Before they had even finished rolling, Souvranamh was already in motion, getting ready for the big day.  They were making a surprise inspection visit to Vivonex today and the sooner they got underway, the better.  If all went well and the demos looked promising enough, Souvranamh had authority to complete the purchase.  Guang had come along too, and Souvranamh found the Chinese virologist still strapped in his seat, snoring loudly.  
"Come on, Major."  Souvranamh was halfway down the ramp before Guang knew what had awakened him.  He unstrapped and hustled after the convoy of trucks assembling on the ramp.
They sped along the outer ring road of the Grossbasel, passing the swarms of tourists thronging the Fastnachtplatz before turning onto the Rhine River bridge at Rheinfelderstrasse.  Minutes later, the highway emerged past the ruins of the old Roman walls and switched back and forth through high meadowy passes splashed with open fields of yellow and red flowers.  The road forked several kilometers east, and the convoy bore left, onto the Hohenkonig Road, climbing all the way through tunnels and narrow defiles, before topping out on a broad plateau fronting the snow-capped peaks of the Vogelhard Mountains.
A steel and glass complex lay nestled in the foreground of the rugged slopes, laid out in a rough quadrangle of buildings connected by glassed-in tube walkways.  The Vivonex compound was home to one of Switzerland's largest pharmaceutical companies.
Now, Red Harmony and the Peoples Liberation Army had come to pay a little visit, and get a few questions answered.
Inside the tile and flowerpot lobby of Building One, Souvranamh, Guang, Dmitri Kulagin and Colonel Hu ran into a small circle of grim, tight-lipped company officers.  
The shorter man was nearly bald, a fringe of sparse black hair forming a halo around the back of his head.  Dr. Alton Klegg smiled faintly, recognizing Guang.
"Guang--" he extended a hand, feigned warmth and shook the Major’s hands.  "An unexpected surprise.  What brings you--and your colleagues--" he eyed the others with thinly disguised irritation --"to Basel?"
Guang was noncommittal.  "Official business, Dr. Klegg.  This is a formal inspection, prior to completing our little transaction.  You were notified this morning?"
Klegg nodded.  "When I came in.  You didn't give us much time to prepare for your visit…by the way, this is Hammond Steejn.  Hammond's director of security for Vivonex."
Steejn was tall and lean, steel-eyed, with a gray crew-cut.  He glared with contempt at the visitors filing into the lobby.
"An unseemly show of force, don't you think, Doctor?"
Guang smiled faintly.  "Not at all."  He served the official notice papers on Steejn.  "We just want to inspect your facilities…before we buy.  You can understand that.”
"I want to see the code itself," Colonel Hu told them.  "And the design history…from the beginning."
Steejn and Klegg looked sourly at each other.
"Very well," Klegg muttered.  "Let's get you scanned and suited up.  What you want is in Building Six…Test and Containment."
An hour later, all had gone through Vivonex's bio-security process, been scanned and blown and vacuumed and irradiated for micro-organisms, and re-suited to enter the Level Four Lab and the containment complex.  Building Six was a small oblong structure attached by tube walkway to the rest of the compound, but surrounded by a shimmering microgel mesh. The bio-shield pulsated in the noonday sun like a faint whisper of fog backlit with strobes of colored light.  
Steejn and Klegg led them inside.
"We were concerned from the beginning--" Klegg was narrating, "--about the speed at which Shiva mutated.  Our first thoughts were that the genome couldn't survive…be viable, you understand, with that kind of mutability.  Evolution is conservative…not too many changes all at once.  But Shiva was different somehow.  Of course, it was designed to be different.  You remember the early analysis, don't you, Major?"
"Indeed I do," Guang said.  "Some of my colleagues at the Beijing lab were sure that Shiva had to be man-made, an engineered virus, souped up to run like a hot rod."
Klegg chuckled.  "Yet all the time, the answer was staring us right in the face…ah, here we are."  He led them through a maze of corridors, through several sets of heavy doors, hissing as air pressure equalized on both sides and through two more shimmering nets of bioshield.  Finally, they arrived at a heavy, cast chamber built like a submarine hull, with portholes and hatch doors.  "--Test and Containment.  Birthplace of Shiva."  
"Why the name?" Dmitri Kulagin asked.  "What's with 'Shiva?'"
Klegg was warming to the subject.  "Part science, part marketing, I'm afraid.  The Shiva virus, you know, actually came from east Africa."
"Ancient viral genome," Guang acknowledged.  "Pair of australopithecine children, wasn't it?"
"Exactly.  The fossilized remains still had trace quantities of DNA.  The sequence was extracted, hybridized and scanned.  That's when we found out about Shiva."
Theo Souvranamh had heard the story many times.  Practically the entire dig site team had died horrible deaths within days of the excavation and sequencing of the fossil DNA.  An ancient viral plague had killed the children.  Traces of its genome were extracted and sequenced too.  The virus had become active in the process, then exceedingly virulent.  In less than a week, Shiva had become airborne and infected dozens of people around the site.  Most had died.
Klegg powered up an interface control panel outside the containment chamber.  "We didn't know if we could beat it…the damn thing mutated faster than any known virus.   It was unheard of, speeds like that.  One of the nastiest strains we'd ever seen. Then Mueller and I had an idea--"
"Antidote assembler," Guang said.  "Brilliant idea.  But risky--"
"What choice did we have?  Only a programmable antidote like Shiva--we named it that because it came from a north Indian reservoir…mostly likely the Hindu Kush--could keep up with that kind of mutability.  Sure, there was a risk.  But we got it to work."
"Until now," Guang muttered.  He watched as Klegg and Steejn played with the imager, zeroing in on the Shiva master, securely confined inside the tank.  Klegg tweaked the sensitivity controls of the quantum flux imager.  In focus in the center of the screen was a rectangular grid, wavering in the aqueous solution in which the grid was submerged.  In the exact center of the grid, a mass of dark spherical shapes pulsated with some inner rhythm.  The mass looked like a bunch of grapes, hanging on a trellis.  
Klegg stiffened at the accusation.  "That's completely uncalled for and you know it.  You of all people should know what we were up against here.  The basic Shiva works by attacking the cells that make up the synaptic vesicles of the nervous system.  The virus punctures cells full of chemicals - serotonin, dopamine, epinephrine.  The stuff leaks out and there goes your nervous system control.  The result is vomiting, seizures, paralysis, death in minutes.  Gruesome way to go, if you ask me."
"So you built a machine," Souvranamh said.  "To fight the virus."
"Not unlike Quantum Corps’ ANAD.  We learned from Irwin Frost at Northgate University in the States.  And from our own experience with nanoscale assemblers.  It seemed like a good prospect.  Shiva’s not so different.  It's a device, basically a few billionths of a meter in size.  Part mechanism, part organism.  A programmable virus itself, if you will.  Man-made with an embedded nanoprocessor chip…we did improve a bit on poor ANAD's design, I'll have to admit.  But just like ANAD, Shiva can replicate itself or disassemble structures at the scale of single atoms.  It can do this under complete human control or by stored program.  It can build any structure you want.  It can disassemble any structure too, atom by atom.  Including viruses."
"But now it's running wild," Souvranamh said.  
Steejn looked sour.  "Isolated malfunctions.  Simple matter of quality control."
"I'd like to see the original code."
"We can do better than that," Klegg offered, glaring at Guang.  "Since you're determined to stick your nose into everything…why not 'test-drive' the original Shiva, right here.  As you can see, I've got him powered up and initialized.  We've even got all safety systems armed.  We're not exactly neophytes at this, you know."
Guang wandered around the containment chamber, studying its features.  Vivonex seemed to have spared no expense, unless this was all some kind of dog and pony show.  Poised around the periphery of the insulated sphere in which the grid was suspended, were three rows of six electron beam injectors each.  At the slightest hint of trouble during replication, an operator could quickly toggle the firing switch on the control panel. Several million electron volts of energy would flood the tank, stripping atoms from molecules, electrons from atoms.  Only nucleus fragments would remain.
"Nobody's accusing you of anything," Guang said, though he knew that was a lie.  He sat down where Klegg indicated, flexing his fingers.  He was practically licking his lips at the prospect.  My fingers are just itching to grab a few atoms with this joker.  "We just want to make sure of what we’re buying.  You said you've improved a few things…taken Shiva further than ANAD.  What do you mean?"
Klegg pointed to fuzzy projections on the screen.  "Along with a new processor, Shiva has stiffer diamondoid effectors.  More reactive or 'stickier' covalent bond ends too, basically carbenes and hydrogen radicals.  That lets him grab atoms and move molecules more securely."
"How'd you soup up the speed?  Your processor only controls and directs."
Klegg smiled proudly.  "A little technique we've patented.  You're right, as far as it goes.  But Shiva's got new carbon group fold lines.  Basically, a new type of architecture more easily cleaved and collapsed.  He could run circles around ANAD…I'm sure of it."
Guang tried out the control sticks on the panel.  We’ll see about that. 
Klegg continued.  "Makes for faster folding and unfolding.  A very ingenious design…based on ribosomal proteins…nature's own assemblers of proteins from DNA instruction.  Shiva can break bonds much more rapidly, under quantum-scale control.  Orders of magnitude faster than ANAD, I'm certain.  And he's got new fullerene 'hooks' for more secure grasping and attaching, which makes for better accuracy."
Guang was growing annoyed with this officious prick.  He'd lived and breathed nanoscale the last few years.  It was a safe bet, if you'd asked Major Guang Guilin, that there wasn't a code and stick man anywhere in the Peoples Liberation Army, even in Quantum Corps, maybe the world, who could make the little critters sing and dance the way he could.  He hadn't lost a sim or exercise to an opfor platoon in over a year.
He was anxious to get started, get a feel for this wonderbread assembler Klegg was so proud of.
"Am I powered up?"
"Fully.  Just select a mode--here--" Klegg fingered a side panel.
Guang settled into his seat, let his reflexes take over.  It was a basic axiom in nanoscale work that you didn't so much 'fly' the buggers as 'feel' them.  To a rookie, dodging molecules and groping van der Waals forces was like playing dodge ball with a sleet of sticky balls.  It took timing and finesse, something that could only come with time.
"Layout's not so different from your devices," Klegg said.  Like any good biowar specialist, Guang couldn't wait to drive the thing.  "Operation controls you have your hands on are for the propulsors.  Shiva's beefed up to sixty picowatts power.  Six degrees of freedom in attitude…that's your left hand plus translation control in your right."
"Feels jumpier," Guang reported.  He twisted both sticks and the imager scene careened crazily.  "The slightest touch and he's out of trim."
"I'm sure you'll get the hang of it, Major.  I've got the gain boosted up high.  Imager is acoustic feedback.  You can overlay heading, attitude and state data on the image."  Even as he spoke, Guang had the imager screen tiled with shifting mosaics of information.
"Let's try to dock with something," he suggested, spying a few molecules drifting by.  He tickled the imager for better resolution and clucked at the view.  "Why that looks like an old friend of ours, Dr. Klegg.  Mr. Acetylcholine Molecule.  What say we scope him out for a parking place?"
"Suit yourself, Major."  Since you're already practically there anyway.  "That's a covalent bond, by the way--"
"Oh--!"  Guang grunted sheepishly.  The acetylcholine's carbon 'fingers' flicked Shiva away.  He'd approached on a poor vector and gotten bounced by the stiff bond forces.  "I'll just--" Guang grimaced, trying to regain control of the device.  "That's weird--molecule just up and spun me around…what gives?  Usually, you can just barrel on in and squat between electrons."
Klegg sniffed.  "That's something I'm sure you're not familiar with."  He pressed a few buttons on the keyboard.  "AUTO-RESET.  Shiva's different.  With something like acetylcholine…dopamine--complicated structures like that--it's best to let Shiva do the piloting.  With ANAD-style systems, at least early ANAD, you could just fly right in close and probe bonds for a soft spot.  Not anymore.  Shiva's fly-by-stick, electronically controlled.  It seeks equilibrium and calculates resistance instantaneously.  Let the computer and auto-maneuver system do the work now.  Shiva knows what to look for."
Guang frowned.  "Hell, Klegg…that takes all the fun out of it."
"Maybe so, but it also saves molecules from being smashed to bits by hotshot pilots.  In any case, Shiva's more sophisticated.  Forget your smash and grab techniques.  Now, with Shiva, docking with a molecule is essentially automated."
"What other wonders are you going to show me?"
Klegg pressed a few more buttons to inject additional molecules into the solution.  "You're in an alien medium.  Parameters unknown.  Try a basic replication cycle."
Guang scoped out the medium with Shiva's sensors: pH, concentration gradient, pressure.  He toggled the 'rep' pickle on the left stick, one cycle.  In the blink of an eye, the imager screen jostled slightly.
"I'm waiting."
Klegg smiled.  "You missed it, Major."
"What?"
"Shiva's already replicated.  Check your state vector…here--" he pointed to a screen of dials and columns on the left.  "See what I mean?"
Guang was dumb-founded.  "I'll be damned--this baby's a real hot rod.  It feels a hell of a lot like early ANAD."
"I'll take that as a compliment.  We based our original design on Quantum Corps’ ANAD.  Only we improved it…tinkered under the hood, as you would say."
"As I said," Klegg went on, "Vivonex is fully aware of all the reported Shiva malfunctions.  We're working very hard with other…er, ‘buyers’ to either recall all the defective devices or locate affected people and administer an override treatment, a patch if you will, that renders the malfunctioning swarms ineffective.  I'd be happy to show you the override."
"We ought to take a look," Guang told the others.  He saw Steejn suddenly turn and leave the containment facility in a hurry, a worried look on his face.
"Simple technique, really.  When inserted into the patient, it seeks out Shiva mechs and disassembles them into harmless molecular fragments.  We've been testing it thoroughly the last two days, right here."  Klegg was at pains to convince all of them that Vivonex was doing everything it could to deal with the growing problem of Shiva failures.  The company couldn’t afford to lose this sale.
Guang stood up and huddled in a corner with Colonel Hu and the two Red Harmony agents.
“What do you think, gentlemen?”
Souvranamh had been a Thai neurotraficante for years.  Shiva was a whole new world for the cartel.  If it worked as advertised, Red Harmony could practically mint money.  If it worked.  He nodded at Kulagin who seemed of like mind.  “Is the PLA satisfied with what Vivonex has shown us?”
Guang and Hu conferred in Chinese for a moment, aware of Klegg’s anxious face studying them from across the chamber.
Guang said, “They’ve radically improved on anything we have.  Marrying a virus genome with a molecule-sized assembler…we know Quantum Corps has ANAD, but this beats anything I’ve ever encountered.”
Colonel Hu Ling Shen agreed.  “The cartel gets a new way to make addicts of everyone.  And we get the ultimate biowar weapon, a new addition to our force of xiao zhanshi…our little warriors.  The Army will be pleased with this technology.”
Guang then turned to the Red Harmony men.  “We’re agreed this is a good buy.  We should go ahead and conclude the transaction today…in fact, now.”
Steen had returned and the visitors motioned he and Klegg outside the containment chamber.
Guang spoke for all.  “We’re ready to conclude a deal.  The Peoples’ Liberation Army wishes to purchase your existing inventory and all rights to the latest Shiva design.  Concluding this deal today will make this a great day for the people of China.”
“And all our customers,” Souvranamh added.  
With that, the Vivonex men ushered their visitors into a nearby office and the details of the transaction were worked out.

UN Quantum Corps
Western Command Headquarters
Mesa de Oro, Mexico
July 5, 2067
1200 hours (local)

General Wolfus Linx was grim as he surveyed the assembled officers and staff.  This wasn't going to be easy.  CINCQUANT had contacted him at 0830 hours with a directive: "get a briefing together, fast.  UNIFORCE's taking on a new enemy.  We just got tasking from Paris."  
Linx didn't have to ask who the enemy was.  It was the plague, the pandemic that had been sweeping the world the last two years.  Shiva…aka HNRIV, Human Neuro-Receptor Inhibiting Virus, or a variant of it.  The commanding officer, 1st Nanospace Battalion, had hastily put out the word: command briefing at 1200 hours…all senior staff bring your tablets.   Quantum Corps had just been assigned a new mission.
The briefing got underway promptly at twelve.  Colonel Johnny Winger, of 1st Nano Battalion was there. Major General Galland, Commander in Chief of Quantum Corps (CINCQUANT) sat in the back, a scowl on his face.  Galland was in charge of Quantum Corps operations worldwide.
The tele-walls were live with virtual attendees.  One was Dr. Kip Keino, Director General of the World Health Organization.  Keino had patched in from Geneva.  Next to Keino's electronic image was Dr. Stuart Macalvey, from World Centers for Disease Control, on the Atlanta uplink.  
"Gentlemen," Linx ran the briefing from his podium, letting SOFIE handle the visuals and support, "let's get started.  At 0830 hours this morning, Quantum Corps got official tasking from UNIFORCE Paris.  You all know that WHO, WCDC and other public health authorities have been fighting this Shiva virus for the better part of two years.  I've asked Drs. Keino and Macalvey to be with us today…they've been on the front lines of the campaign to eradicate the virus.  For awhile, the eradication and vaccination program seemed to be working pretty well.  But something's happened…something unexpected.  Dr. Keino--?"
Keino's face was creased with worry.   The Geneva link was good, good enough to see the throbbing vein above Keino's left eye.  His high forehead crinkled, shone with perspiration.  
"The recent Shiva epidemic has shaken the world's public health system.  Fatalities at one point exceeded two million, mostly concentrated in Africa and south Asia, but with significant effects on every continent.  We have a vaccine now, as most of you know, developed by Vivonex and other drug companies that seemed to be working, at least up until about a month ago."
"S-Factor?" said General Galland.
"That's correct, General.  S Factor was developed by Vivonex to combat the most virulent, fastest-mutating strain of this virus the world had ever seen.  Indeed, so mutable was Shiva that Vivonex had to attack the virus an entirely different way, with nanoscale, programmable devices, nano-robots, if you will, inserted into the infected victims."
"Ay, and that's the problem," piped up Dr. Macalvey, from WCDC.  The Scottish virologist had a full red beard and piercing green eyes.  "The cure…Vivonex's nanobotic antidote, seems worse than the disease."
Linx waited a moment while SOFIE managed the data squirt from Atlanta.  In seconds, the walls were covered with graphs, charts and maps, data overlaid with tiles of more data. As the squirt ended, splotches of red and green swept over the maps like a spreading stain. "This background's going to need interpretation, gentlemen."
Macalvey obliged.  "What you're looking at is the epidemiology of Shiva--that's the red areas--over the last two years.  I've overlaid this with the results of administering S Factor--that's the green."
Linx and the assembled staff studied the animation for a few moments.  At first, the red stain spread unopposed, covering wide swathes of Africa and the Indian Ocean littoral, spreading even north to Europe and beyond.  Then, green splotches appeared and began to oppose the red, swelling and retreating like weather fronts.  After a few moments, the red seemed to gain the upper hand.  Renewing its advance, red completely pushed green out of east Africa and began advancing like a juggernaut eastward toward the Orient.  
"I don't get it," Linx admitted.  "I thought the antidote was working."
"It is," Macalvey said.  "Only too well, it seems.  The colors are based on morbidity and mortality data.  Red is Shiva, green is S Factor.  What's happened now is that instead of millions of people dying from Shiva, they seem to be dying or suffering permanent neural/brain impairment from the antidote itself.  The red you see now, the latest wave spreading around the world, isn't Shiva at all.  It's the computer's projection of the spread of S Factor.  The antidote is actually an upgraded form of the original virus, with nanobotic elements thrown in."
Keino added, "It seems that the original Shiva, the viral epidemic that began two years ago, is under control, burning itself out, helped along - we believe -  by the antidote.  But now, according to the mortality data, we've got a new pandemic"
Galland stood up and came closer to study the advancing wave of red.  "You're saying the S Factor—the Vivonex antidote--is doing this?  Killing all these people?"
Macalvey stroked his beard, chewed thoughtfully on a pipe.  "We're not sure what's causing the increased mortality.  Could be post-viral stress…the infected all suffer from weakened immune systems.  Could be secondary infection, although S Factor should be able to fight that with its current programming.  Could be--" he shrugged--"any number of things.  We just don't know."
Keino said, "Known symptoms are pretty consistent, from what we've seen: odd and accelerating episodes of neural impairment.  Actually, overstimulation of certain critical neural pathways in the brain stem and limbic system.  We think it's a malfunction of the S Factor nanobot."
“Vivonex knows about this?"
Keino nodded.  "Officially, they've taken the antidote off the market.  Instituted a recall of affected batches.  Problem is a black market has developed.  A new epidemic is developing quickly, explosively.  More and more addicts are turning up--Hong Kong, Tokyo, Nairobi, New York, London, all major cities, many in the East.  And they're turning up dead."
"Addicts?"
Macalvey shifted uneasily on the screen, while Keino looked down at some notes.  
Keino spoke first. "There's some controversy about this--"
"Horse malarkey." Macalvey blurted out.  "It's clear enough, Dr. Keino, if you use your eyes."
"What's going on here?" Linx was intrigued.  Even as he spoke, SOFIE was putting up epidemiology projections.  In less than a month, from small patches of red on the coasts, all of North America would be covered in a sea of red.  
Macalvey snorted.  "Keino's too much a diplomat.  There's plenty of evidence, anecdotal some of it, but some is hard pathology data--that the S Factor device isn’t any longer what it was originally designed to be.  Somehow, the device's programming has changed.  The question is: has it changed by accident--some kind of unforeseen glitch.  Or has it been altered intentionally, to assume this more virulent form after being administered.  It’s increasingly evident that, whatever else it is, S Factor is actually a souped-up form of Shiva.”
"The evidence is fragmentary--" Keino tried to say, but Macalvey cut him off.
"--the evidence shows what it shows," the Scot was firm.  "We've taken cultures from dozens of deceased addicts.  Done path and other analyses on the nanobotic remnants.  Something's fishy."
"How so?" Galland cut in.
"Just this--" Macalvey squirted a new report, with text and graphics onto the uplink.  Seconds later, SOFIE refreshed the walls and imagery from Atlanta bloomed into view.  "See…I don't quite agree with Dr. Keino on this.  WHO's in Geneva.  They've got a lot of UN types breathing down their necks.  They have to be careful what they say, don't offend anybody.  Plus, Vivonex is figuratively right next door.  The main lab's a hundred kilometers north, in Basel.  Me…I look at what the data says."
"And what is that?" asked General Galland, strolling along the walls full of new charts and graphs.  
"The path reports say that this new epidemic, is not entirely natural or accidental in origin."
"You mentioned addicts.  You're saying S Factor's addictive?"
"I'm saying the mech's got capabilities I can't account for.  And neither can Vivonex.  Look…I've spent most of the last week studying S Factor's structure.  Mighty weird, if you ask me.  All kinds of latent capabilities: odd looking effector mounts, odd looking molecule groupings…things that can't possibly be for binding to the Shiva virus."
Linx, Galland and the rest of the battalion staff congregated around imagery of the S Factor mech taken from different addicts.  
"These views are from our Quantum Flux Imager.  Look at the before and after," Macalvey said.  "After injection, somehow, the mech grows a whole armory of effectors it doesn't need.  Defeating Shiva requires certain molecule groups to be able to bind to its active sites, disable it, render it harmless, incapable of penetrating nerve cells."
Colonel Johnny Winger pointed to some effectors on the before image.  "This mech appears to have the kind of grapplers I would expect to defeat a virus."
"That one does," Macalvey said.  "But look at the after image…imagery taken from addicts."  The virologist used SOFIE to highlight some suspect regions on the mech's surface. "What on God's green earth are these doodads?"  Macalvey's virtual pointer circled some polyhedral structures just visible above the base of the mechanism.
"Weird," admitted Johnny Winger.  
"You done any tests?" Linx asked.
Macalvey smirked.  "Almost nonstop."
Keino cut in.  "These tests are inconclusive--"
"--and mighty damn suggestive," Macalvey wasn't going to be denied.  "You know what those doodads seem to be for…and it’s consistent with the path reports and observational evidence too?"
"I have no idea," Linx squinted, measuring a fuzzy protuberance on the image using his fingers as a caliper.  
"They inhibit dopamine re-uptake in nerve cells, nerve cells in the limbic cortex and the mesoencephalic brain stem, specifically the ventral tegmentum."
"In English, if you don't mind, doc," Linx said.
"That's the area of the brain that generates pleasurable stimuli…the same area that addictive substances work on.  Cocaine, jazz, twist, whatever…they all work the same way.  Keep neurochemicals like dopamine from being re-used after every nerve impulse and you flood the nerve tissue with good times.  Keep the nerve cells stoked with dopamine and pretty soon you got one hell of a lot of happy customers."   On the screen, Macalvey bent to his pipe, fussing to get the tobacco lit properly.  He went on.
"For my money, S Factor's got extra tools that go way beyond bottling up Shiva virus.  It looks to me like this little bugger's got a snazzy way of supplementing your brain's monoamine supply.  Probably can go both ways, if I'm reading the structures right.  Pleasure or pain, whatever turns you on."
Linx looked at Galland and frowned.  "You put this before the Vivonex people, I presume."
Keino cleared his throat.  "Several times, General.  They've been fairly evasive with their answers.  Lately, they won't even let WHO into their Basel labs."
"So you contacted UNIFORCE?"
"Frankly," Keino added, "we need your help.  We need an outside agent to investigate the entire matter.  Determine if Vivonex is dealing straight with us."
Linx and his staff discussed the possibilities.  
Colonel Winger had a thought.  "General, there is one scenario that we ought to consider."
"Explain."
"Vivonex may be working with an outside power here.  An outside organization that's financing them to extend the reach of this technology.  In public, they work with and cooperate with WHO and WCDC to fight off Shiva.  Behind their backs, they put out this nanobotic antidote with extremely powerful and programmable addictive qualities.  Hell of a campaign, if you ask me.  Cure the world of Shiva virus and gain a few hundred million addicts in the process."
Linx nodded.  "Like a license to print money.  And I can think of some likely suspects too."
The briefing went on for another half an hour, as the battalion staff examined Macalvey and Keino's data more closely.  General Linx decided they had enough to get going.
"We've got tasking and authority from UNIFORCE, so this mission's on," he explained.  He turned to his platoon leaders.  "Options, gentlemen?"
"Maybe we ought to start at the beginning," Colonel Winger suggested.  
Linx asked, “What are you suggesting, Colonel?”
“Just this, sir.  The biggest questions seem to be centered in this Vivonex compound in Basel.  We have ANAD.  We have the tactics and techniques for a covert penetration of that compound.  In and out fast, snoop around, gather what data we can.  We’d learn a lot from a covert penetration.  We could even do this from belowground.”
Linx mulled that over.  “Work up a mission plan, Colonel.  The works.  I’ll squirt if off to UNSAC and get approval.”
With that, the briefing ended.  Winger and Linx discussed details for a few minutes, then Linx dismissed the atomgrabber.
“Another briefing,” he said sourly.  “It’s the Secretary-General this time.”
“Ouch.  Well, good luck anyway, sir,” Winger left the Ops center and headed across a grassy quadrangle to the Containment building at the south end of the Mesa.  Gray storm clouds were building from the west, over the lush green canopy of la selva, the tropical rain forest.  Through the mist, he could just make out the tops of the Kokul-gol temple complex several kilometers distant.  Shadowy jaguar faces loomed out of the murk from the temple top, lending an ominous air to their surroundings.
An underground assault of a well-fortified research lab…the mission and tactical possibilities kept bubbling over and over in his mind.  Winger figured he’d have to have a little ‘talk’ with ANAD to sound out the unit’s tiniest atomgrabber about what might work best.  
One thing was for sure: if Red Harmony was involved in distributing some whizbang version of Shiva masquerading as the antidote S Factor, the sooner the Corps got actionable intel on Vivonex and its connections, the better.  
Dr. Macalvey’s map projections showed one detail quite clearly: S Factor and the problems it was creating was now spreading at an exponential rate across the globe.

Vivonex Labs
Basel, Switzerland
July 12, 2067
2045 hours

Three panel trucks pulled over the ornate wrought-iron Konig's Bridge and crossed the Rhine River into the Rheinfelder district of Basel.  A few hundred meters beyond the end of the bridge, the trucks pulled off into a turnout on the Hohenkonig Road and stopped.  Several men got out and opened the engine hood of the lead truck, gesturing and pointing at some problem inside.
For the light early evening traffic along the Hohenkonig, the trucks seemed nothing more than a small convoy of delivery vans, whose drivers were engaged in animated conversation, doubtless troubleshooting some mechanical problem along the side of the road.  No one paid any attention to the incident.  High above the road, in the craggy ramparts of the Vogelhard Mountains, several offices could be seen, tucked into the folds and crevices of the ancient hills.  One of them was Vivonex, the Central Laboratory.  Lights shone inside the complex through early evening mists rising off the Rhine.  Intense, feverish work was going on inside.
Two hours later, no one noticed the trio of vans was still parked near the bridge below.
"I’m launching now," Johnny Winger commanded.  1st Nano's TinyTown was secreted inside the middle of the three vans.  A launch tube extended from the containment pod through the floor of the van into a small six-inch hole that had been drilled into the hard limestone cliff alongside the road.  The leading and trailing vans made up the rest of the Detachment.  
There was an audible swoosh as Winger deconstructed himself into individual swarm elements, which then pulsed and discharged itself though the launch tube outside the van.  The drone-snap of the discharge was followed by a momentary rumble as the horde that had been Johnny Winger transited the surface of the cliff and flew down the borehole they had drilled shortly before.
Sherm Cuddy softly muttered a hex on their enemies as he secured the van’s containment chamber for Winger's return.  "Master away, Lieutenant."
"Colonel reports transiting…ready in all respects, sir," said Sergeant Voit, almost at the same time.
Al Glance studied the IC panel.  "Very well…this is going to be ticklish for awhile.  Time to reach the end of the borehole?"
Voit checked the Winger swarm's progress, a few other gauges.  "About twenty minutes, Lieutenant.  After that, he's on his own."
Glance knew that.  They were making a huge gamble, but it seemed the only way.  The plan was to insert a small reconswarm inside the Vivonex compound, and do a little snooping.  They had to find out how the Shiva airborne swarms were being controlled.  They had to find a way to break that control link.  The evidence pointed to Vivonex Central Lab as a key node, if not the control center.  Until 1st Nano could locate and take on Red Harmony directly, Vivonex would have to be the soft underbelly.
"If I can get inside and find out how they run those swarms, how they program and control the bastards," Winger had told them at the briefing not twelve hours before, "we can put 'em out of business.  Or at least, shut down operations from here.  If we don't find those links, millions of more people are going to become addicts.  We've got to get in there, somehow, and pull the plug."
The trick was, Winger had told them, getting inside the Vivonex compound.  It was a cinch, even though no outward evidence existed, that the place was crawling with nano--barriers and screens and filters and hunter-killer swarms, ready to make quick work of any intruders.  Vivonex was a long-time player in nanomech development, and the pace of their work had picked up when Shiva had burst on the scene.  Vivonex had been part of the WHO/WCDC effort to develop a treatment.  The fact that their proprietary treatment involved programmable nanobotic assemblers and no other company's did, spoke volumes about where their expertise lay.
Now, 1st Nano had come calling without an invitation and the real target was intelligence: just what level of collaboration existed between Vivonex and Red Harmony?  Had S Factor been intentionally designed to create remote-controlled addictions in its patients?  Who or what was in control of this man-made plague?
Johnny Winger had worked out a penetration strategy with Glance and the rest of the battalion and wargamed it with SOFIE.  It might just work.  They hoped it would work.
It had to work.
"More than likely," Stella D’Garza had offered, "the compound is secured floor to ceiling with nanomech screens.  Like that bioweb Glance and I saw.  If I were designing a security system, I'd tune my mechs to blanket the seals and locks, the doors and windows, and set up an airborne barrier overhead, just in case any intruders tried to slip in that way."
"What about coming in from below?" Glance had asked.
"Below--how do you mean?"
Glance stood next to D’Garza and Winger at the sim tank, watching simulated hordes of mechs flow over the diorama of the Vivonex compound.  "I mean from underground.  Look, sir, we know the place is tight from all angles up top.  But there's a chance Vivo's got little or no nanomech barrier protecting an underground approach."
"You're talking…through the mountain?" Winger had asked.
Glance ran his fist through the hologram of the sim tank.  "Right through the rock, sir.  You could probably do this yourself.  We assemble a small group of your replicants outside, bore a hole, and let 'em filter into the rock of the mountainside.  Make your way toward the complex.  At the right time, you rep a larger swarm and start filtering in from below…I'll bet you good money they're not configged to detect or react from an underground penetration.  Maybe we can 'stream' in a few mechs at a time--and not even be noticed.  Config ourselves as dust motes, or gnats or something innocent like that.  Once you're in, you form up into reconswarms and go about your business."
Winger shook his head.  It was a truly crackpot idea.  "It might just work.  I’ll have to have the right configs for moving through rock, through solid-phase stuff.”
D’Garza was skeptical.  "It's a tactical nightmare.  How the hell do we communicate with the Colonel--through solid rock?  How does he navigate?  We're talking big density problems here…pressure and temperature alone might even keep him from replicating.  Nobody's ever tried to run an assembler underground, not at a depth like this."
Glance smiled his best little maverick smile.  "Exactly, sir.  I know that.  You know that.  Probably Vivo knows that.  Nobody will expect it.  Nobody'll be looking for a nano breach from below ground."
Winger had gotten a warm, cuddly feeling about the idea.  "It'll take some work.  But I like it."
"Get to work, Al.  Let's do a run…we'll let SOFIE tell us what's possible and what's not.  We don't have a lot of time.  The General wants us on that hyperjet in eight hours."
The sims had been tweaked and new configs added to Winger’s controller and re-programmed and it looked like it might work.  General Linx reviewed the results of the wargame and gave his okay.  
Then Winger had ordered muster for boarding the hyperjet Apollo in less than two hours.  The trip to Basel would take two hours, as they skimmed across the top of the Earth’s atmosphere.  
“Launching now…” Johnny Winger had shadowed out, moment by moment, until he was little more than a faint mist inside the van.  He made his way into the launch tube and was quickly discharged into the air outside.  Moments later, the swarm that had been Winger disappeared down the borehole they had already drilled into the side of Vogelhard Mountain. 
Al Glance studied the imager screen on his interface control panel, silently willing an image, something, to show up.  SOFIE had predicted intermittent comms.  The limestone cliff they had bored into was dense rock, structurally tight crystalline lattices of silicon and calcium and iron and half a dozen over things, with little room even for nanoscale bots to maneuver.  Getting through the rock plates, let alone sending an acoustic or EM signal back, was dicey, and there were even bets around the Detachment on when comms would drop out altogether.
When it did, if it did, Winger would be completely on his own, until he breached the floor seals of the Vivonex compound.  
"Getting something--" Glance announced.  He tweaked a dial, boosted the gain, and waved his hands around the imager, imploring a signal to come back--"--come on, Skipper…come on…give me a peek, just one little peek--"
Gradually, the imager settled down to a dark, staticky, grainy picture--of what?  Glance squinted, leaned forward.  The view slowly materialized--a dense, regular lattice of throbbing, quivering spheres.
"Crystalline structures," Glance reported.  "Looks like calcium.  Maybe carbons—
At the control station in the back of the van, Sherm Cuddy was mesmerized by the perfect geometry.  "Oxygens too, Sergeant."  He pointed to long rows of tiny darkened blobs, marching off into the distance like a fence.  "A cubical lattice, just like the micrographs.  A crystalline solid--"
"Limestone's mostly calcium anyway, with some oxygens and carbons mixed in.  Interlocking crystals--it's beautiful."
"And damned hard to navigate.  Like a jungle…this stuff's so dense, Skipper’s speed is way down.  Enable the voice link--"
Glance tapped a few keys.  "--to Hub…Winger to Hub…I’m inside now, pushing through some zone of crystalline cubes--"  the voice was almost a whine, like an impatient six-year old.  "--very thick structure…getting jostled a bit…the atoms here are highly charged--probably covalent bonds…lots of electrons being swapped around--"
Glance opened the voice link.  "Skipper, this is Hub…can you go any faster?  We're behind the mission timeline."
There was a pause and the imager view jostled a bit.  "Negative, Hub.   I’m now at twenty percent propulsor…packing too tight here…high specific gravity…got many walls of lattice ahead…have to navigate each one…van der Waals forces are tricky--"
"How deep is he?" D’Garza asked.  
Glance checked the sounding return from the borehole.  "Forty feet now…we should level off and turn northeast.  The Vivonex compound's on a bearing of 072 degrees."
Glance studied the grid layout of the mountain, a 3-D projection of the limestone cliffs of Vogelhard Mountain, with the Vivonex lab sited in.  Winger’s projected path was also laid in, a dotted line to the subsurface foundations of Building 5, the Level 4 lab.
"I agree.  Skipper…steer right to heading 072 degrees.   Maintain depth if you can.  And increase propulsor power to forty percent."
Sounding showed the swarm had complied.  The child's voice crackled over the speaker.  "Steering right to 072…sedimentary layers getting smaller…almost no voids now…pressure rising, temperature too…I’m safing outer effectors…can't squeeze between calciums otherwise…commands sent to all daughters--"
"Good idea," Glance muttered.  He hadn't thought of that.  Winger had retracted his outer layer of effectors, stowing them for the journey.  That should reduce interference with the ionic forces buffeting the tiny swarm.  "He's learning, Al…"
"Learning fast, sir.  Like a precocious child--"
"--propulsor power increased to forty percent…I’m recommending safing effectors to stage one--density increases ahead--"
"He's right," Glance saw.  "Must be a concentration of heavier rock."  
The Winger swarm master bot had decided to retract all effectors inside his body, leaving only its structural shell exposed.  
Glance studied the soundings, following the progress of the Winger swarm as it wound its way laboriously through denser rock, climbing slightly to negotiate a nearly impenetrable outcropping of black-streaked breccia.  On the imager, the acoustic return revealed a solid wall of atoms, pressed together like layers of a pie.  The image buffeted and quivered in a maelstrom of atomic forces and Brownian motion.
"Like swimming in molasses," said Jake Voit.  He was behind the IC panel, biting his fingernails.
"Just squeezing through--" added Sherm Cuddy.  
"--but I’m picking up some speed," Winger told them.  "I’ve pulled in all my effectors.  Lattice forces were dragging on my pyridines and fullerenes.  I’m just a big ball of carbons now, the whole swarm.  I should be able to get back on track."
"Distance to the compound?" Winger asked.
Glance did some quick checking.  "About a hundred meters now, Skipper.  Turn to an east by northeast tangent, skirting that dense outcrop.  You’re in some kind of clastic rock now…zone of sandstone and shale, mostly.  Easier going."
Winger understood.  He had made the maneuver on his own, determining from onboard sounding the density ahead, and made an adjustment.  
"Skipper, this is Hub…report status--"
There was a slight delay, then the Winger's voice came back, muffled and scratchy, sounding tinny through the speaker.  "I’m at forty percent propulsor…density dropped off a third…cruising through brecciated shale…larger lattice, atom forces reduced--"
And it was true.  The imager view had lightened considerably.  Dimly seen in the murk, the acoustic image vibrated with row upon row of tangled, irregular dark blobs, undulating and weaving back and forth in unseen currents of electron force.  The shale was an amorphous solid, a loose agglomeration of atoms rather than a regimented crystalline structure.  Johnny Winger had probed and found an easier route up to the Vivonex complex.
The traverse through the innards of Vogelhard Mountain took another hour.  Winger rose closer to the surface, and eventually located a loose sandy stratum of rock and soil where he could navigate even faster.  Comm was getting difficult, as had been expected.  Propulsor power was raised to fifty percent.  Just shy of 2200 hours, he reported his position.
"Winger to Hub…I’m detecting foundation materials ahead…distance 7 x 10 exp 12 micrometers…slowing to twenty percent…daughter swarm re-grouping for penetration--"
Glance had already seen the acoustic image darken again, indicating denser material ahead.  
"Colonel…all stop…" Glance said.  "Hold your position--"
"What's up, Al?" Cuddy looked up from his IC panel, puzzled.
Glance pursed his lips.  "Just thinking, that's all."  He studied the grid view of the complex, fingering several approaches into Building 5.  “Skipper needs to look for a seam in the foundation.  And he'd better probe for any guards too.  I don't expect a barrier of nano, but we'd better be sure.  No sense waking everybody up if we don't have to."  
Winger was already tuning his acoustic sounder, sampling reflected echoes from the subsurface structures a mile above the convoy of vans.  "Mmmm…don't see any breaks in the thing…nothing like a seam, Al.  If I have to filter myself through the foundation--"
"--I know, I know.  It'll take forever. He'll have to get real small to squeeze through this," Glance reported.  "Look--" he pointed to a pattern of echoes on the screen.  "Sounder says minimum lattice size is around seventy nanometers.  That's about the size of his outer shell."
"Pulling in effectors may not be enough," Winger understood the dilemma.  "I hate to do a quantum collapse now…it's risky and I might not get all my structure back…before we're detected.  I could traverse even that solid a material if I chopped off all effectors and folded in to my processor dot."
"But would he be able to find enough atoms of the right type, fast enough, on the other side?" asked D’Garza.  "It's dicey."
"And all the atom-grabbing would surely get somebody's attention," Angel Barnes added.
Winger had made up his mind.  "I’m going in like I am, even if it slows me down.”
Deep inside the heart of Vogelhard Mountain, the Johnny Winger master had managed to overcome several annoying faults.  Executing a quantum collapse command, he rapidly folded his own outer shell inward, imploding in a puff of atom fragments.  Base lattice, effectors, probes and grapplers, even the core shell surrounding its nanoprocessor, went hurtling off into the minute voids of the dense shale layers below the foundation, ricocheting like bullets from one atom cluster to another, a spreading big bang of spinning atom parts.
Instantly, the Winger master disappeared.  To intents and purposes, he had effectively vanished in a cloud of blurry quantum waves.  Only the singular dot of his nanoprocessor, the kernel of the assembler, remained.  The dot was the heart and mind of the assembler.
Less than an hour later, making its way on quantum wave propulsors, Winger traversed the foundation structure like a fly in a forest.  Silently, with the barest ripple of probability waves, the kernel of the Winger master emerged into darkened storage vault in the basement of the Vivonex lab, its nanoprocessor still dogging electron states to bring the nearly invisible device through.
Unknown to anyone, he had made it.
For another few minutes, Winger ran his internal program, replicating structure, grabbing atoms left and right like some frantic brickmason, rebuilding himself from the inside out.  Base, core shell, working grapplers, probes and hooks, atom by atom, cluster by cluster, the master replicant fashioned a new body for itself and, following its stored survival program, finally enabled a commlink and called out for its human comrades.
The speaker erupted with a staticky crackle.  "--ger to Hub, Winger to Hub…I’m through the foundation…I’ve replicated to Level 1, standing by inside the target...now sensing inert structures nearby...replicating swarm now...replicating swarm to Level 1...detecting no disturbance in range--"
A great cheer erupted through the van.  Al Glance sprang to his feet and enabled voicelink.
"Skipper, you old goat…good work!  Good work!  Hub to Colonel Winger, where are you?  Can you broadcast a signal we can fix?"
Moments later, the acoustic return materialized on the display.  "Bingo!" cried Glance.  D’Garza slapped him on the back so hard, he nearly choked.  "Just inside the basement of the Level Four Lab.  Good old Skipper--"
Glance waved everyone quiet.  "We're inside and replicating…let's get that layout of the target up.  I want to see what's what.  Robbie?"
Robbie Acuna fingered the map Winger had just called up.  "According to intel from Q2, there’s supposed to be a drug lab control center back here--" he indicated a facility in the rear of the building.  "There was a security web around the place.  I'm sure Skipper won't be able to breach that."
"We'll see," Winger said.  "Let me finish replicating my swarm, Al, and form up.  Make a formation to penetrate the floors underneath that secure room.  It's a cinch the doors and seals are protected.  Maybe I can filter through the floor and catch 'em looking elsewhere."
"Got it, Colonel."  Glance plotted the projected course on a tracker.  
A short time later, the Winger swarm was fully formed and in position.  
"I’m reporting position…sixty-two micrometers below first atom planes of target…barrier ahead…detecting barrier ahead--"
Glance shot to the controls.  "Colonel, start filtering through the floors now!  Penetrate the floor before the mechs engage!"
Winger worked to get inside the solid lattices of the floor, hoping the enemy mechs of the security barrier could never find him in such a tangle.  Even if they do, he reasoned to himself, engaging another swarm wouldn't be easy in close confines like that.  Like trying to turn a horse around in his stall--
The enemy mechs closed and pressed through the floor tiles of the control room, but Winger had already dispersed and spread out.  Deep inside the atomic structure of the floor, two armies of nanomechs stalked each other, sliding through tight corridors of crystalline lattices, probing and sounding and listening in the echo chamber for any hint of the other.
Winger held his breath.
After a few minutes, he began to relax.  The enemy mechs couldn't detect him.  The assemblers were dispersed too widely.  
Glance studied the nav display.  "He’s approaching the upper floor plane…outer lattice."
Winger was already thinking ahead.  "Once I reach the floor surface, I want to split the formation.  Two reconswarms, me controlling both.  I’m configuring for all-scan…EM, acoustic, the works.  I want to see what's going on in that room.”  
"Hub to Colonel," Al Glance bent to the voice pickup, "Get ready to replicate and divide.  Reconswarm template.  Configure for max bandwidth…send everything back as fast as you get it!"
The delay was only a few seconds now…"Winger to Hub, acknowledging formation command…still detecting slight disturbances in lattice…maneuvering to avoid…that was quite a ride through the mountain--"
Deep inside the Vivonex compound, an invisible mist of nanoscale mechs rose silently from the floor tiles into the Pharmex control room.
Seconds later, the first visual image, grainy and patchy, jerking with interference, but discernible filled the imager screen.
"I’m in," Winger breathed.  He hardly dared believe his luck.  
Now Winger steered his own horde through the door seals, briefly pausing at the inner boundary of the security web.  "Hub to Skipper, disperse and re-enter the floor structure.  Filter along the upper plane until this security web is bypassed."  
"Winger…acknowledging…dispersing for solid entry now…I get claustrophobia down there, you know…it's awfully crowded inside those lattices…Brownian motion's a bitch…entering floor upper plane now--" the signal sputtered and died off as the second reconswarm distributed itself inside the floor and laboriously filtered its way forward, bypassing the security web that made a barrier around the control room.  Glance kept his eyes glued to the return…any disturbance in the signal could mean trouble.  
They didn't want to stir up the hornet's nest just yet.
"DPS1," Glance shouted out, "get Superfly up and running.  I want some kind of perimeter around these vans.  Now that we're inside the beehive, I want protection for the convoy.  Vivonex may send someone snooping down here."
Angel Barnes was in the trailing van, with the rest of the defense and countermeasures gear.  Her voice came back over the commlink.
"Right away, Sarge.  Superfly's already powered up, ready to rock and roll.  You want bots and HERF ready too?"
"Do it.  But make it quiet.  Let's don't disturb the neighborhood any more than necessary."
Voit was keeping an eye on the imager.  "Al, look…it’s focusing--"
The screen was settling down as the nanoscale swarm shaped itself for a few moments into a virtual camera lens, grabbing enough photons to form up a visual image.  Shadowy forms moved about the room, now filled with consoles and flickering video feeds.  A featureless head drifted across the view--someone moving in front of the nearly invisible swarm--and they caught a glimpse of a name patch on a lab coat.
It read Souvranamh.
Souvranamh was bending over a console, peering at something.  Video screens flashed beyond them, changing displays.  Winger tiled the image, splitting the take into visual, acoustic, EM and other inputs, gulping data from patterns made out of the photons he was grabbing.
"Winger to Hub…are you receiving?…are you getting any of this?”
"Hub to Skipper…focus in on that video feed to the right…swing bore sight right to bearing zero six zero degrees and hold--" Winger worked the gain, trying to get a clearer picture.
"See something, Skipper?"
"Maybe--just, maybe--" Glance waited a second, then settled back as the image focused on the video screen.  The flickering images came into sharper resolution.  
"What the hell--look, Al, is that what I think it is?"
The video screen bore a clear resemblance to their own IC panel.  As the gain was further boosted--Winger changing the shape of his virtual lens on the fly--individual graphics on the screen became barely legible--
Pharmex Video Feed - Comm/Swarm Interface - 
Glance squinted, mouthing the words.  "Skipper, that's an interface control setup.  Just like this one--"
“I know it.  And see that--" he swept his imager to the far left side of the view.  "A map…grid coordinates…what are those lights on the map?"
Now Voit came closer.  "Positions, Colonel.  You can see the outline of Africa…there's the Red Sea…there, that's India, isn't it?  Australia, the Persian Gulf--" his finger traced north, then back and forth.  "All Asia, even some of Europe."
"We're getting audio feed," D’Garza told them.  "Listen--"
Scratchy voices issued from the speaker.
"--second colony almost on target, Dmitri…Sicily's clear--we should have--XXXXXXXXX-- to lower them into position--"
"Very well."  It was Souvranamh speaking.  His mouth moved in time with the audio.  "Change format now…send the safing command…and bring them to a stop, right over the middle of the island."
"Let 'em drift down?"
Souvranamh's head made a jerky sort of nod.  "More natural that way…mimics real airborne particles…they'll be dispersed…look like a viral infection from natural contaminants."
The other voice belonged a stocky, bearded man in the foreground.  "Pharmex…you have control.  Here's the starting vector."  
On the video screen over their heads, a face floated into view.  The face was speaking.  Winger re-tuned and compensated to pick up the pressure waves of the new voice…it came from the speaker on the screen.
"Got it.  I'm ready to re-format the swarm.  Soon as I've got detectable entries on the ground, I'll format for seizures--good old neurobuzz--then dig in and set up shop.  By tonight, we'll have some new customers--"
Souvranamh seemed satisfied.  "Go easy at first, Dmitri.  A few tickles, give 'em the jazz and make 'em happy.  We'll hose 'em with dopamine tomorrow."
"Understood.  Salerno will be one hopping town by the end of the week--"
A faint smile crossed Souvranamh's face.  "Yeah…that puts another node in Uncle's hands.  We should be about due for another payment too."
Winger fiddled with the take from his lens, re-shaping the virtual lens into infrared, acoustic, EM, and other detectors, studying the results as they came in.  A mile away, inside the Level 4 Lab, his reconswarm complied, re-forming the swarm of nanomechs into different instruments, grabbing photons, pressure waves, anything "Hub" wanted.  
"Colonel," D’Garza said.  "We’ve been triangulating the signals…it sure looks like Vivo's controlling an airborne swarm through some kind of lab in western China, Sinkiang province. Coming from there to Vivonex in Basel."
"Pretty damning," Winger agreed.  "We've got audio, video and EM intelligence all on tape.  That ought to give UNIFORCE enough to make a case, shut this place down.  But we still have to stop those links.  We've still got to contain and defeat those swarms."
"That map seems to be the key," Jake Voit observed.  "Maybe the colonies' positions are monitored there.  If we can get coordinates and config status--"
"--we'll know where to strike."  Winger liked the idea.  "I’m re-forming for extreme close-up.  Detaching a small force…I'm going inside that computer and grab the data right off the drive--"
"Isn't that risky?" Glance asked.  "You start mucking around with molecule-sized bits and somebody'll notice for sure."
"We've got no choice," Winger said.  "This is our best chance to get exact information on the locations of those superswarms."
Unseen by Johnny Winger, Vivo defensive mechs had emerged from the floor of the lab and dispersed themselves, flitting about the room as so many loose molecules, hiding behind dust motes, errant carbon radicals, anything they could find.  Controlled remotely by Hammond Steejn, who ran the horde from an interface controller in his office in Building 1 at the front of the compound, the mechs stalked Winger relentlessly, tasting a trail of stray photons that the Quantum Corps nanowarrior left each time it signaled back to the vans.  
For several minutes, as Johnny Winger insinuated a tiny element of his replicant swarm inside the hard drives of the computer, the Vivonex mechs closed on their target, an infinitesimal predator seeking infinitesimal prey.  Souvranamh and the rest of the crew in the Pharmex room seemed completely unaware of the battle about to be joined.
So was Johnny Winger.
But the battle never came.  Instead of engaging Winger, the Vivo mechs cruised in hiding on stray air molecules, right to the source of the stray photons and held off at a distance of several billion microns, like a squad of lions waiting to pounce.  Silently, stealthily, one at a time, the mechs seized single assemblers on the edge of the Winger swarm and throttled them, ripping atoms from atoms, until the assemblers had been dismembered into atomic fluff and set adrift.  Then, with no further command, the mechs re-configured themselves into replicas of the dismembered ANADs and drifted forward, a squadron of Trojan Horses the size of carbon atoms, filling in and reacting as its fellow assemblers did when commanded from the Hub.
By the time Winger had finished reading the molecular dots of data on the computer drive, the Vivo mechs had thoroughly infiltrated the swarm and insinuated themselves deep and undetected into the very heart of the formation.  
A mile below, completely unaware of what had just happened, Johnny Winger breathed a sigh of relief.  
"Looks like we're done.  Al, you got all that?"
Glance had been running the recorders.  "Every single nanobit of it, Skipper."
"Very well.  I'm exfiltrating now.  Let's get the hell out of here."
The exfiltration process lasted several hours.  Winger didn't want to leave any atomic trails for the enemy to follow, so he re-configured for transit back through the mountain again.
"Sergeant Glance--" the voice was Barnes', from the rear van, on the tactical circuit.  "--we may have already triggered something--I'm porting it to your eyepiece on the crewnet--"  She was already tuning the Superfly seeker to a new band.  Static fuzzed the eyepiece and Glance momentarily shutdown the link.  "--I'm reading acoustic disturbance…ground level or a few meters overhead, under ten decibels, but something's definitely there."
"EM, Sergeant?  Thermal?"
"Just tickling Superfly's seeker.  First it's there…then it isn't--"
Glance had a bad feeling.  His neck hairs were standing up.  And he had just heard Colonel Winger’s words that he was returning through Vogelhard Mountain.
"Hub to Skipper!  Hub to Skipper…belay that last transmission!  Get the hell out of that building, anyway you can.  Get going right now!"
Voit was uneasy, studying the IC.  "What is it, Al?"
"Just a gut feeling…somehow…I don't know how--we've been discovered.  Somebody--or some thing's tipped Vivo off--"
The IC2 was monitoring the Winger swarm on his panel.  "—he’s away, sir…just regrouped and exited Building 5…airborne and en route bearing zero eight five.  ETA…" he did some quick calculating…"--nine minutes."
"Max rep," Glance ordered.  "I've got a bad feeling--" He moved over to Voit's station.
"Sergeant Glance--" It was Barnes again.  Her voice was thick.  "--whatever they are--here they come!"
It was too late to get into their hypersuits.  And there wasn't enough room.  "DPS, bring Superfly in tighter.  Make a screen…head 'em off.  Colonel's still eight minutes away, replicating like crazy.  Maybe we can hold 'em off long enough--" He looked around the van.  "Everybody get down and cover yourself with something NOW!  We may get a breach--"
Voit worked with Glance, massaging controls, tapping keys, managing Winger's approach, making the assembler swarm ready to confront the enemy nano.
"Come on…come on…come on!--" Glance breathed, willing the swarm to close the distance.  It was a race now: Vivo mechs swooping down off the mountain, flowing around the convoy of vans still parked on the side of the road and the Winger swarm streaking from the Vivonex compound as fast as his picowatt propulsors could move them.
"--getting confirmation now!" Voit yelled.  "Skipper's blowing up--template T-1--coming in hot and hard…less than fifty meters.  Must've picked up a tailwind."  Twenty feet over their heads, drifting in like dust in a faint mountain breeze, the Winger swarm was multiplying, bagging atoms and making replicas, accelerating mass at an exponential rate.
Glance was already crouching down in his seat.  "This one's gonna be close--"
Voit was already helping D’Garza grab some protection, a seat cover, a cushion, cargo webbing--anything.  "Make yourselves small.  Small as you can."
From below a console, D’Garza's black eyes narrowed.  "Just let me at 'em…let me kick some nano ass, sir--"
"Later---DPS, what's up?"
Barnes was already tracking the swarm filling in around the convoy.  "Enemy nano, sir!  I was tracking with Superfly, engaging, but they got him.  Shredded the whole force--just like that.  I'm reading about a hundred meters north, toward that cliff we saw driving up, bearing two-five-oh degrees, tight formation, closing at about a meter per second.  Can't tell what config yet--"
Glance did another quick mental calculation…at a meter per second, they had about six minutes to intercept with Winger.  And hunker down for the assault.
"DPS," he called out over the circuit.  "Are we probing?  I need some idea of what we're dealing with here."
Corporal Barnes no longer had aerial imagery from Superfly.  The microflyer swarm had already been shredded by the oncoming enemy force.  Instead, she used the steerable sideband pulser, sweeping electromagnetic fingers around the convoy.  The pulser swept through the cloud of Vivonex nanomechs and returned a rough structural outline of the devices.
"Coming in, now, sir.  I'll patch it through to the IC…."  She touched a few icons on her wristpad and the data was squirted over to the lead van.
Glance studied the signal.  The pulse had come back with a rough image of the enemy force disposition, as well as a few details.   Could be Shiva…maybe even a clone…he fed the details to the config and started tapping out commands to fill in some gaps in Winger's structure, modifying his own config on the fly.  Inside of a minute, he'd hacked out a design that would do.  It would have to do.  Once the enemy closed on their position, the Colonel wouldn't get a second chance.
"Change config," he told Voit.  "Do it now!"
Voit sent the command.  Twenty feet over their heads, trillions of replicants received the same instructions: alter configuration to this design…grab atoms…cleave this group…fold here…build lattice there…the air churned with furious activity.
Winger knew it was time to ring the bell.  "I’m dispersing my swarm.  Prepare to engage," he said quietly.
Less than fifty yards away, directly over a moss-draped cliff on the front slopes of Vogelhard Mountain, the hillside was suddenly bathed in an unearthly pale blue light as vast but unseen armies clashed.  The gotterdammerung pulsed like a flickering aurora as the swarms collided head-on.
The entire battle lasted four minutes.
From the beginning, Glance and Voit saw that the Winger swarm had been weakened somehow.  Perhaps it was the trip through the solid rock of the mountain.  Perhaps it was the config Winger had hurriedly hacked out.  Perhaps it was something else.
Glance was the first to report enemy mechs inside their defensive perimeter.
A small segment of the Vivonex force had detached and surrounded the lead van, almost as if the mechs were under remote human control.  Glance and D’Garza both felt the air crackle like a million stinging needles had fallen on them.
"Here they come!" Glance yelled.
"Fold up!" D’Garza ordered to everyone in the van.  "Make yourself as small as possible!"
It was a self-defense tactic they had tried with ANAD but it seldom worked.  Vivonex had found them, caught them unprepared, trying to recover the reconswarm.  Glance squeezed as tightly into the space below the IC panel as he could.  It had been his decision to recover Colonel Winger back through the mountain.  Maintain operational security--that was the rationale.  Now it looked like a terrifically bad decision.  
Vivonex had been waiting in the folds and crags of the mountaintop all the time.  He could easily lose the whole unit if Winger couldn't fight them off.
Icy Nakasuni’s voice did the trick.  He screamed in agony as enemy mechs filtered inside the van and fell on his position, forward at the mobile TinyTown bay.
"arrrggghhh!…HELP--HELP ME!!…THEY'RE BURNING--!"  Nakasuni couldn't take it any longer; he clawed at his face and arms, then burst out of the van, and tore off down Hohenkonig Road toward the bridge, arms flailing at invisible tormentors.  He didn't even make it to the other side.  In the mist and the shadows, they heard him stumble…the splash came ten seconds later.  He'd dived from the bridge headfirst, sixty feet, into the swirling waters of the Rhine River.
 Glance had had enough.  This was his fault.  He was damned if he'd let the Detachment be chewed up on his watch….
"DPS!  Sergeant Ebolowa…get your HERF guns set up!  Full power…all azimuth…blanket this whole area!"
"Inside the vans, sir?"  She was already hustling to get the radio-frequency weapon ready.  "Sir, we don't have protective gear…HERF'll fry every living thing to ashes…inside these vans--"
"Do it!"  Glance knew full well the weapon could permanently damage their hearing, even collapse a man's central nervous system at full power.  But he had no choice.  HERF would shatter the Vivo formation too.  They needed some kind of shield and fast.
Once HERF was up, they could re-capture Colonel Winger, if he was still there, and get the hell out of Dodge.
Seconds later, Ebolowa had the HERF gun powered up.  "Weapon is enabled, sir!"
"Fire!" Glance yelled.  Already, he was feeling tongues of invisible fire, lapping at his neck and head.  "Fire all around!  Full bore!  Let 'em have it!"
The entire van shook like a giant hand had slapped it, vibrating as the first pulse shot out, squeezing the air with a thunderclap of heat.  A searing wave washed through the interior, as the bubble of radio waves expanded outward, frying and pulverizing everything in its path.
The first pulse was quickly followed by several more, each discharge hammering the convoy of vans with an invisible fist of energy.  Al Glance screamed at the top of his lungs, trying to equalize pressure inside his head.  His eyes and lungs burned.  His skin crawled with fire, then tingled and crackled….
At best, he figured the HERF gun had bought them a few minutes.
"Detachment--!" he croaked out.  "Secure the convoy!  Find the Skipper and get him back into containment…Let's get the hell out of here!"
Even as Jake Voit was guiding what was left of the Winger swarm back toward the van, Cuddy was prepping TinyTown for capture.  He initialized the cylinder, moved the vacuum tube into position by the rear door, while Glance readied the master assembler for its harrowing trip off the mountain.  Winger had already sent commands for all the remaining replicants to stay engaged with the Vivo force, sacrificing themselves so the humans could get away.  Once the battle was over, hardcoding inside their quantum dot brains would send a final order to commit seppuku, and the remains of the force would quickly disassemble themselves into atomic fluff.
Glance looked a little pale and wobbly as he crawled to open the doors, hand motioning Cuddy to get ready for a combat insertion.
"Soon as I yank this door open, you snatch the master, Sherm!  Got that!"  He shook his head…something was wrong…his vision was blurring…his hands twitched uncontrollably--
Cuddy acknowledged.  "TinyTown's ready, Sergeant."
Glance checked his watch, kept an eye on Cuddy at the panel, as he monitored Winger's progress.  The assembler was fighting its way through a horde of Vivo mechs, steadily closing on the convoy from above, hugging its precious intel data close, as war raged outside and above the trucks.  The signal they were receiving was weak and growing weaker.  If the swarm that was Johnny Winger had been corrupted….
Glance followed Cuddy's hand motions, mouthing the countdown--
Three….two….one…"NOW!"
Glance fought through dimming vision and willed his arms to obey, throwing open the rear doors of the van.  Speeding down from a rocky escarpment, a faint green phosphorescent glow filled the air outside the door.  The green light, partially ionized plasma from the HERF impulse, intensified to a white glow as the Winger swarm battled the last few meters.  The pressure pulse snapped the vacuum tube right out of Cuddy's hands.
In an instant, the Para-Human Swarm Entity known to all of them as Colonel Johnny Winger had transited the tube and plunged into the soothing homewaters of the TinyTown cylinder.
Cuddy grabbed the end of the vacuum tube out of the air and stabbed a button, sealing the tank.  "Got him, Sergeant!  Skipper's sealed in and safe."
With his last ounce of strength, Al Glance slammed the doors shut.  "Grab your gear--" he croaked out.  "Get going…exfiltrate like hell!  Get us out of here NOW!"
Colonel Johnny Winger knew, even before he found himself stuffed into containment, rapidly losing consciousness, that he'd been swarmed and contaminated.  As he withdrew from the Lab, Vivo mechs had found their way into his own swarm and more Vivo mechs had now breached the van seals, breached the ANAD barrier Barnes had put up around the convoy, somehow survived the HERF blast, and filtered inside the command vehicle.  
Nakasuni was already gone, and Robbie Acuna lay twitching like a puppet in the front corner.  Now, Glance slumped down beside Cuddy's feet.  His nerves had been fried, knives sliced through his head, as the mechs infiltrated his brain, replicating madly, seizing neural circuits in a silent blitzkrieg, stoking dopamine, lighting a fire in the back of his head.
"Sergeant—Sergeant Glance--" the voice was muffled…it sounded like D’Garza, could have been Barnes--
Glance bit right through his tongue and his head banged with violent spasms and contortions, as his body clenched and relaxed.  The seizure grew more violent with each wave of pain.  Blood poured out of his mouth and his back arched as the mechs burrowed deeper into his limbic tissue, grabbing axons, an occupying army terrorizing every nerve ending it could find.
"Sergeant's been hit!" 
 It was Stella D’Garza, scrambling over still-smoking equipment that had been fried by HERF.  "Sergeant's been swarmed--!"  She straddled his chest, held his arms back and reached, grabbed, for something, anything, to stuff into his mouth, to keep him from biting through his own tongue.  Finally, her fingers clawed at and found a twisted piece of bracket. 
Cuddy added even worse news. “Colonel’s fading, Stella!  He’s in containment but I think there are Vivo mechs mixed in with his bots…I’m losing him!”
"We got more trouble--" Barnes' voice crackled over the crewnet.  "Vehicles approaching, a whole platoon of 'em, from the east.  My scan's cutting out--but it looks like bad guys!"
D’Garza took charge of the situation, the tough-talking, loud-mouthed human dynamo snapping off orders left and right.
"Jake…get us out of here!"  Voit squeezed by the fallen Sergeant and made his way to the cockpit.  "We're falling back…fall back to the city.  We got to lose these bastards for good.  Angel--?"
"I'm on it--" In the van behind, DPS Angel Barnes had already powered up a covey of coilgun bots.  She armed the microflyers and, one by one, discharged them from the rooftop port.  "Coilguns enabled and up…I'm setting up a spread shot.  Give me some room, will you?"
"You got it!" Voit called back.  He gunned the engine and the van moved smartly out onto the road, sliding on gravel and dust, as they accelerated through the pale yellow glare of the streetlamps fronting the Rheinfelder Bridge.  In seconds, the entire convoy was at full speed, clattering across the iron bridge, then descending through a series of harrowing switchbacks into the twisting, cobblestoned streets of Grossbasel.  
As the trailing truck approached the bridge, Barnes triggered her coilgun bots.  Fifty feet over the bridge, an arc of fire flashed out of the night sky as the bots discharged their pulses.  Lightning ripped the air as millions of volts incinerated the edge of the cliff and the lead vehicles of the attackers.  Rubble streamed onto the road.  The lead vehicle swerved back and forth, erupted into a ball of orange and black flame, and flipped onto its side.  It skidded toward the bridge abutment, flinging wreckage and fuel everywhere, caromed off the tower, and pitched over the cliff into the dark waters of the Rhine River itself.  
Behind the inferno, the following vehicles slammed to a halt.
Just for good measure, Barnes triggered her bots one more time, this time at the side of Vogelhard Mountain.  A geyser of rock and debris rained down on the hapless pursuers as the discharge ate jagged chunks out of the cliff.  
Barnes grinned at the viewer image of the carnage she had created.
"Not bad for a night's work, if I do say so myself."  
Inside the command vehicle, D’Garza told Voit to head for the airport.  She bent down with a worried frown to look at Al Glance's contorted face.
"How's he doing?"
Ebolowa held a cold compress to the sweating forehead of the Sergeant.  "Not good.  But he's better off than Ju--" She nodded in the direction of the prostrate form of Sergeant Juse Rinne, crumpled in a heap by the rear door.  Stella D’Garza was alongside the CEC2, checking vital signs.  There weren't any.
"Maybe…maybe not," she muttered.  "Anything else we can do here?"
Glance took a deep breath.  "Colonel's been swarmed.  Vivo mechs are inside containment with him, crawling all over what’s left of him.  I don't have the gear--I'd like to-- but we don't--"
"--don't what?"
Glance swallowed hard.  "I want to go inside, try to engage those damn mechs…before it's too late."
"Inside…you mean with ANAD?"
Glance nodded, feeling the flash of heat now emanating from the TinyTown cylinder.    
"I don't know exactly what we're dealing with here…but with most swarms, most mechs, there's a period of time, an hour…maybe more, maybe less.  In that time, with what we know about Shiva--if that's what this is--the mechs are still moving in, still consolidating, still positioning themselves.  I want to do an insert…right now.  Send ANAD in and root 'em out before they replicate too far, before they get established, before we lose Colonel Winger completely."
Barnes shrugged.  "So why don't you?"
"I'm not sure it'll work.  It could kill the Colonel.  There might not be enough to regenerate him."  He looked around at a circle of anxious faces: Barnes, D’Garza, Sherm Cuddy.  "And we don't have the right equipment…not here.  Back at the jet, we do.  And there isn’t much time.”
That was all Jake Voit needed.  He gunned the engine and the van lurched into motion, speeding off through the outskirts of Grossbasel toward the airport.

Chapter 2: “Mirror, Mirror”

UN Quantum Corps
Western Command Headquarters
Mesa de Oro, Mexico
July 20, 2067
0800 hours (local)

General Wolfus Linx stared down at the regeneration chamber and rubbed his beard uneasily.  The damned thing bore an uncomfortable resemblance to a coffin, a glass-fronted coffin, yet he knew that somewhere in there, the molecular remains of Johnny Winger were slowly but surely being reconstituted into something resembling a human being.
“How much longer?” Linx asked.
The technician wore a protective suit with a nameplate reading Collins.  He tweaked some dials on a nearby control panel, re-positioned some tubing and cables and shrugged.  “Hard to say, sir.  We’re through Phase I…the core’s there.  We’ve got a platform and actuator mast, propulsors, sensors, actuators.  We just started learning-in the comm centers this morning… acoustics, EM, ELF, quantum coupler.”
“Can he respond?  Can I talk to him?”
Collins gave that some thought, rubbed his eyes, which were blood-shot from lack of sleep.  “Probably, sir.  The processor’s there.  I’m not sure he can hear you.  We haven’t tried voice yet, since there are still growth triggers to lay in and base rep—”
Linx waved a hand.  “Okay, okay, I get it, Corporal.  I get it.  Colonel Winger…Colonel John Winger…do you copy?  Para-Human Swarm Entity 45517—” he rattled off the Winger swarm’s official Corps ID—“this is Linx.  Respond at once.”
Speakers over the chamber buzzed and chirped for a few seconds.  Then:
“…ssshhhkkkqqq….Linx…r you…You….ear me?  Kkkkllqqqsshhzzhh…-ying to…orm word….”
Linx glared at Collins, who hurriedly made some adjustments on his panel, trying to clean up the audio stream.  “Maybe—”
Linx bent closer to the face of the chamber.  Inside was nothing resembling a human being, or even an angel.  Merely a faint smoky haze, popping with intermittent flashes of light.
“Colonel Winger, if you can hear me, welcome back.  We’re putting you back together.  You got swarmed, dispersed at the Vivonex compound.  Vivo bots got mixed in and you did a quantum collapse.  We’re trying to regenerate you now.”
The voice seemed a bit stronger. “---eneral…kkklllqqqzzhh…how…long…zzhhqqkkll…full….”
Linx looked at Collins, who mouthed a week at least.
Linx frowned, made up his mind it wasn’t going to be any week.  “A few days, Colonel.  You did good work at Basel, by the way.  You and your team brought back one hell of a lot of intel.  I’m putting together an op right now.  UNSAC’s already given us tasking.”
Now the haze inside seemed thicker, the lights flashing more insistently, as if something had stirred the cloud and roiled it into commotion.
“…kind of op, sir?  --am… Shiva…qqllqqll…ed Harm—”
Linx stood up straight.  “Just be quiet, Winger.  Rest up and get yourself back together.  I’ll fill you in.”  The commanding officer of the Mesa facility chopped his hand through the air, indicating that Collins should kill the audio.  “Just listen to me, Winger.  Don’t try to talk.”
Collins had shut down the audio stream.  “Go ahead, General.  He should still be able to hear you.”
Linx went down the details of the intelligence take from the Vivonex operation.
“Vivonex is tight with Red Harmony, as we suspected.  UNIFORCE has already occupied the Basel lab and shut it down.  But Shiva is still spreading and the evidence you and your team collected indicates the cartel is working hard on improving Shiva and making it even more deadly, more addictive.  Now we know there’s another facility the cartel operates, previously unknown to us, where this work is going on.  It’s in the mountains of the Kongur Shan, near the Chinese border with Tajikistan.  We’re calling it Pamirsha.”
Linx stopped momentarily as Stella D’Garza came into the lab.  She quickly saluted and Linx snapped off a perfunctory return.
“I’m sorry, sir…I didn’t know—”
“Come on in, Sergeant.  This involves you too.”  Linx went on, following some notes on his wristpad.
“UNSAC’s already approved an op we’re calling Operation Quantum Shadow.  Once you’re back whole and hearty, you and Sergeant D’Garza here will be given a special assignment.  The two of you will undergo some changes…nanoderm for D’Garza and special configs for you, Colonel…that will render you both as angels that can pass for certain Peoples’ Liberation Army officers.  We’ll make the swap in Hong Kong.”
D’Garza was immediately intrigued.  She’d already heard scuttlebutt around the base about a new mission.  “Exactly what is our mission, sir?”
“Just this.  Disguised as PLA officers attached to a special forces biowar unit, you will covertly penetrate and recon this Pamirsha facility and try to determine what the cartel is up to and especially try to determine if there are any effective countermeasures to Shiva.   Once your mission is done, we’ll extract you at a designated point some distance away from the facility.”
D'Garza looked puzzled.  “We couldn’t try the same tactics we used at Vivonex?
Linx shook his head.  “Negative.  Too risky.  We think Pamirsha is a fully Chinese facility and Beijing is allowing Red Harmony to use it in exchange for the technology the cartel has developed.  Reconsats show that the PLA has first-class air defense at Pamirsha, plus counter-nano and even geoplane defense against subterranean approach and assault.  You’ll have to get inside covertly, disguised as officers that won’t trigger any alarms.”
“Will we get a full briefing on this, General?”
Linx nodded.  “Three days from now.  Collins here assures me he’ll have Colonel Winger whole and hearty by then.”
Collins raised a hand to object, but Linx didn’t give him a chance.  The C/O turned about on his heels and left the Lab.  The technician swallowed audibly.  
“Guess I’d better get myself back to work,” he muttered to himself.
“Can you turn the audio back on?”
Collins did that, then bustled about the regen chamber with other duties.
D’Garza leaned over the glass top of the chamber.  “Colonel, if you can hear me, you look like methane gas over top of a landfill, if you don’t mind me saying so.”
Winger’s voice squeaked out.  “Ssszzhhkklllqq…Stella…what brings…here?”
D’Garza pulled up a stool.  “Just wanted to see how you were doing.  The whole Detachment’s kind of anxious, you know.  They nominated me to come by.”
The mist churned and, for a moment, D’Garza thought she saw a hint of a face, maybe a chin, as the bots struggled to slam atoms and re-form something recognizable, guided by the templates and triggers Collins was feeding in.
“…uky you.  I can barely see…you….”
D’Garza shrugged.  “That’s just as well.  I’ve still got some scars from that swarm we took at Basel…but at least I look better than Barnes…or Cuddy.”
Something like a hoarse laugh erupted from the speaker.  “I hate to…what I look….”
D’Garza waved that off.  “That’s the nice thing about being an angel.  You never grow old.  You get damaged, you just regenerate.  I don’t know about this nanoderm that General Linx is talking about.  If I’m to pass as a PLA officer, I’m going to have to look Chinese.”  She studied her own face in the reflection off the glass top.  “Although these lips could use a little improving.”
More guttural static, then, “…they look fine to me.”
D’Garza smiled back at the gathering, flickering fog.  Was that a shoulder forming?  “You’re too kind, Colonel.  Tell me more.”
Now the swarm began to take on the shadowy outlines of a human body, dimly lit but faintly visible in the lab’s overhead light tubes.  
“I will…when I get myself back…to…gether.”
“We’re hoping that happens soon, sir.  Guess I’d better bug out now.   Linx wants to see me this afternoon alone.  Something to do with the mission.”
The swarm was definitely beginning to acquire shape and substance, as if Johnny Winger was forming out a fog.  “Fill me in, Stella…when…you can.”
“Will do, sir.”  She cycled her way out of the containment lab with the most curious feeling, a feeling that, somehow, in some way she couldn’t quite put into words, Colonel Winger was trying to say something to her, something personal.
No way that could be true.  I imagined it, she told herself, as she exited the building into smothering late afternoon heat and humidity across the Mesa.
Colonel John Winger and Master Quantum Sergeant Stella D’Garza paired on a covert mission into a secret Chinese/Red Harmony base.  Yes, indeed, Operation Quantum Shadow was shaping up to be a most interesting mission.

Ten days later, Collins and the techs pronounced Johnny Winger fit and able to be released from regen.  After a short period of physical rehab, Winger left Containment and proceeded a bit unsteadily across the front ‘lawn’ of the barracks and the PX to the Mission Ops building and bunker at the north end of the Mesa.  Purple storm clouds were building over the tops of the rain forest and he could already smell the pungent odor of ozone as lightning crackled between clouds scudding by. 
  Winger knew that today was the day his mission partner Stella D’Garza would be coming out of her last nanoderm treatment.
He found D’Garza in the Detachment ready room, taking no end of knocks and kidding from the others.  
Angel Barnes was at a table, field-stripping a magpulser carbine.  “Jeez, Stella, those lips make you look like a squirrel with nuts in his mouth.”
Not to be outdone, Sherm Cuddy added, “Her whole face reminds me of chipmunk’s ass.”
“Not to mention that plastic hair,” teased Robbie Acuna.  “What’s up with that?”
“She’s supposed to look Chinese, you knuckleheads,” said Jake Voit.
Winger moved into the ready room and all the chatter suddenly stopped.  “Okay, troops, that is enough of that.  Sergeant D’Garza has been tapped to accompany me on a special assignment.  Her new look is part of it.”
Nobody said a word.  Nobody even breathed.  Heads were averted. 
D’Garza was at a desk, filling out some paperwork on a tablet.  “Just good-natured kidding, sir.”
“Right.  You remember we have an intelligence briefing with Q2 in fifteen minutes.  Lofton’s office.”
D’Garza’s face lit up.  It was clear she was more than ready for a change of scenery.  “Ah, yes, sir.  I had forgotten.”
Winger let her pass by into the corridor.  To the Detachment, he growled, “Okay, carry on.”
They made the walk in less than five minutes.
D’Garza was puzzled at Winger’s appearance.  “Sir, you look the same.  Haven’t you had the treatment yet?”
Winger ushered her into the glass cube of the Ops building, just as the skies opened up and torrents of rain lashed the ground outside.  
“I don’t need nanoderm, Sergeant.  Just new configs.  They’re up here—” he fingered his head.  “The latest stuff too…HDND-5.  High definition nanoderm.  Makes me skin look and feel just like yours.  But I won’t make the change until right before we leave…which is, by the way, at 0600 hours tomorrow morning.”
Major James Lofton was head of Quantum Corps’ intelligence shop at the Mesa.  General Linx was also on hand.  They sat in a briefing theater, while Lofton went over what Q2 knew about the Pamirsha facility.
“It’s run by Unit 445,” Lofton told them.  He called up sat images of the compound, nestled in the brow of snow-covered mountain passes.  “Peoples’ Liberation Army biowar unit.  That’s who you’re with, according to the cover story.  Your credentials and bona fides are on those disks.  Memorize it.  The disks can’t leave the Mesa; you’ll have to turn those in before you leave.”
Linx cut in, idly rubbing his white moustache.  “Your training has gone pretty well, from what I hear.”
Winger acknowledged that.   “Yes, sir, I believe it has.  We’ve studied the command structure of this Unit 445.  Practiced controlling reconswarms and counter-swarm tactics, too.”
“You understand fully the Rules of Engagement on this mission?  And the timeline for extraction?”
D’Garza replied, “Yes, sir.  We have only the gear a PLA officer would carry.  No extra weapons.  We extract at Point Hercules, five days from insertion…2330 hours local.  Geoplane extraction.”
“Precisely,” Linx agreed.  “How about your counter-Shiva swarms?”
Winger said, “We learned our way around the details of that, sir.  Containment lab set us up with Shiva analogs to simulate with.  Sergeant D’Garza and I made twenty sims over the last few days.  We both think we’re ready.”
“We can kick Shiva’s ass…sir,” D’Garza added.  
Linx waved Lofton to continue.
“Your disks have the proper comm protocols and coupler settings.  Memorize those too.”
Winger had a question.  “What about the cartel?  This is a PLA base.  How does Red Harmony fit in?”
Lofton called up more displays.  A world map showed lines of influence and information flow crisscrossing the continents like a spider web. 
“The cartel is on site, though in what capacity we don’t know.  Finding that out is one of your objectives.  We think the Chinese let Red Harmony use the facility in exchange for their technology…we have plenty of indicators that the cartel has access to some pretty incredible tricks and technology.”
“The aliens again?” Winger asked.  It was clear he didn’t put much stock in that story.
Lofton nodded, “Possibly…if you believe in that sort of thing.  One scenario is that the cartel is in contact with the archives of some long-dead…or maybe not so dead…alien race.  Or even that their top dog is some kind of alien emissary.  We don’t put a lot of stock in that, but it’s a theory.  In any case, one of your objectives is to find out just what the cartel is doing there.”
“And if Shiva really came from there,” added Linx.  “Your ROE gives you the authority to make meatloaf out of their Shiva work if you can.  Use your counter-Shiva bots to the fullest.”
Winger had another question.  “The extraction…you’re sure they can make it to Point Hercules.  That is below ground, underneath the city of Samarkand, isn’t it?”
Linx took that one.  “Task Force Hercules…the extraction and support force…is a joint op between Boundary Patrol and UNIFORCE.  The exfil point was chosen for several reasons: it’s beyond Chinese territory, in an isolated area between Dushanbe and Samarkand.  It’s relatively lightly defended, since we don’t think the Tajikis or Kazakhs have geoplanes.  The subterranean approach is pretty straightforward, according to Boundary Patrol…relatively easy to negotiate.  Just make sure you’re there at the right time.  If you can’t get there—” he indicated the disks Winger and D’Garza were holding, “you have the comm signals and protocols for every eventuality right there.”
Winger and D’Garza looked at each other.  “I believe we’re ready, sir.”
Lofton explained, “You’re leaving tomorrow at 0600 hours.  Direct hyperjet to Hong Kong.  We’ve already made the snatch, at the Hotel Mandarin Intercontinental.  You two will be replacing a Major Lihua Guo Feng and a Colonel Jiang Hu Ling.  Study up on their backgrounds.  We’ll put you on the ground at Chek Lap Kok and you’ll take a taxi to the hotel.  After that—”
“You’re on your own.  Questions?”  Linx’s eyes bored into them with Teutonic intensity.  
“None, sir.”  Winger said.
“Okay, then…dismissed,” Linx ordered.  “Go get some rest and get your gear packed.  Those disks are to be turned over to Lofton before you board Charioteer tomorrow.”
Winger and D’Garza saluted and left the briefing theater.  Outside in the lobby, Winger eyed the driving rainstorm pelting the Mesa.
“Sergeant, I don’t know about you but I’m thinking some pie and coffee would hit the spot about now.”
D’Garza agreed, but added, “We’re gonna get pretty wet, sir.  The commissary’s on the other side of the PX.”
“Not necessarily.  Follow me—” He cycled through the doors and they both stood beneath an overhang, while Winger decomposed a small swarm of bots from his hand.  To D’Garza’s amazement, the bots swirled and popped and flashed, as they formed a small umbrella-like shroud over both their heads.  The process took less than a minute.  
Winger smiled at her look.  “One of the benefits of being an angel.  Come on!”
The two of them plunged into the storm, slipping, skidding and slopping through standing water across the grassy quadrangle and made it to the commissary in record time.  They entered the cafeteria completely dry.  After a short wait in line, they found a table in the corner and dove into their pies.
D'Garza wiped apple chunks from her lips.  “Sir, if you don’t mind me asking…what’s it really like being an angel?”
Winger thought a long moment, then wolfed down the last of his dessert and slurped coffee.
 “It’s hard to put into words, Stella.  I feel like me.  I feel like you but there’s so much more.  I guess I can’t really feel things physically, the way you do.  Like this coffee cup.  I detect its hardness, the molecular structure of the porcelain and that registers in my process…that is, my brain.  I’m not supposed to say processor.”
“But do you really taste the coffee?”
Winger shrugged.  “Not the same way you do. I detect a liquid at a certain temperature.  Brewed from beans, with some particulate matter embedded in it.   Of course, when I drink it, I’m not really drinking it.  My bots are disassembling the molecules as fast as I pour it down my ‘throat,’ and making so much atom fluff of it.   We angels learn early on how to simulate eating and drinking…it doesn’t show, does it?”
“Not at all, sir.  Anyone would be fooled, I’m sure.  And when you use that HDND-5, the look will be even better.  I’m just wondering…what it really feels like…you know, as an angel?”
Winger said, “When I was inside that mountain in Basel…Vogelhard Mountain…I was feeling a little claustrophobic.  Solid structures like that have really tight atomic lattices.  It was like trying to run through water, through an ocean.  I was a little anxious, wondering if I’d ever make it out.”
“Do you feel pain?  Pleasure?  Love, worry, fear, surprise, loneliness…those sorts of things?”
Winger shook his head.  “My process…uh, my brain…is programmed to create those sensations and simulate them as best it can.  I guess I’d have to say no…not like before.  I have a faint memory of what it was like to be a Normal, to be John Winger in the flesh, so to speak.  So, no, I don’t have those feelings anymore.  But the simulations and analogs are pretty damned good now.  And I can do things like walk through walls…and make umbrellas in less than a minute.  When I got swarmed in that cave on Europa and they reconstructed me as an angel, I lost some things. But I gained some things too.  It was a trade-off…and it wasn’t like I really had much choice.”
D'Garza said, “No, I guess not.”  She studied Winger a moment, then an odd look came over her face and she flushed red, slightly embarrassed, trying to cover a sly smile with her hands.  
“What is it, Sergeant?  You look like you just saw a ghost.”
“Sir,” she snickered slightly, “it’s just that…I…well, I was wondering.  About…uh, something personal.  About how you—” she made a rubbing motion with her two hands together.  “You know—”
Winger smiled back.  “You’re wondering about sex.  Can angels do it?”
D’Garza looked down.  “Sir, I’m sorry—”
“No, no…it’s okay.  Here’s what I would say about that.  Let’s put it like this: I have many configurations I can assume.  Any angel with any kind of processor has the capability to be, shall we say, fully functional.  In a variety of ways.”
“Fully functional?”
“Fully.”
Now, D’Garza quickly changed the subject.  “I’ve heard and read that angels are often pretty lonely.”
Winger poked at pie crumbs on his plate.  “There is some truth to that.  Normals and angels…it can be a pretty big divide.  Sometimes, when I go into a restaurant or a shop, I can feel all the eyes on me, following me.  It’s creepy, kind of uncomfortable, like I have two heads or something.  Or course, with the right template, I could grow two heads, but still—I don’t know.”  He looked up.  “Some days, I just want to be treated like a Normal.  Other days, I’m proud to be an angel.  Angels can really be a lot of things that Normals can’t be.  Like Chinese biowar researchers, for instance.  But there is a price we pay and it can be pretty steep for some.”
D'Garza seemed to understand.  “Maybe it’s good we have our missions.  The Corps has worked pretty hard to integrate angels and ANAD systems into our operations.”
Winger seemed lost in thought, staring off through the windows at the driving rain, at things only he could see.
“This reminds me of the day after they re-constructed me.  The day I first looked in a mirror.”
“What happened?”
“I saw my appearance had changed, in subtle ways.  I raised a hand to what looked like a bruise on my temple, only to find that my hand was smeared out, like a bad photo.  What the hell?  Then I waved my hands around.  No, I hadn’t imagined it.  Then I looked at my hands directly.”
“You were different.”
“Well, it was a hand, five fingers and a palm, but it appeared blurred, out of contrast.  Yet when I held my hand still, it solidified and seemed real enough.  But when I moved my hand or any of my fingers, the blurring came back.  Same thing with my other hand.  I kept thinking…what on earth—
“My hand looked like a horde of bees or flies, sparkling in the light.  Both hands did.  And as I looked closer in the mirror, I saw my face had the same look.”
“That must have been a shock.”
“That’s an understatement.  Somehow, my skin was malleable, like dough, soft, kneaded, flashing with little pinpricks of light.  Then it came to me, clear as the winter night sky.  I had been deconstructed.  I had been rebuilt as something else.  I really was an angel.  A swarm of nanobotic entities.”
“So what happened?  You grew used to the change?”
“I found that by playing with my skin configuration, by concentrating just so, I could change my face, my shoulders, my legs, anything I wanted.  I could make myself into a comic-book stick figure.  I even tried it.  I could make myself Mr. Potato Head.  I could make myself an ogre.  I could make myself a vid star.  I could flatten my head, elongate it, distort it.  Anything I wanted.”
“I can’t imagine…that must have been scary.”
“Cool.  And a bit scary.  I could shape myself into just about any form I wanted, just by thinking of it in a certain way, a way given to me by the technicians who’d programmed me.  I was scared and exhilarated at the same time.  Still am, I guess.”
D’Garza studied the storm sweeping across the Mesa just outside.  “You think we can make this mission work, sir?  Is it doable?”
“Sure it is,” he replied, with a little more emphasis than he intended.  “Small is all.   We’ve got everything in our favor.  Red Harmony will be looking for some kind of assault from outside.  We do our jobs right, they won’t be expecting an inside job.”
“Colonel, looks like the rain’s letting up.”
Winger agreed.  “Let’s get back to the ready room and finish getting our gear together.  Charioteer is wheels-up at 0600 tomorrow morning.  We’ve got a big day ahead of us.”
Winger formed up another makeshift umbrella and the two of them humped their way back to the Mission Prep building, splashing through ankle-deep puddles on the way.
And there’s only about a million things that can go wrong with the stunt, Winger thought to himself.
But he didn’t say that.

Chapter 3: “Pamirsha”

Kongur Shan Mountains
Sinkiang Province
July 30, 2067
1830 hours (local)

On approach to a narrow airstrip hacked out of a plateau between towering snow-capped peaks, the Pamirsha Valley looked like a toy landscape assembled by kids, sitting among the broad shoulders of the mountains surrounding it.  Through the windows of the PLA military jet, Johnny Winger spied the craggy slopes of Kongur Tagh itself…elevation 7649 meters…his processor reported.  The jet steepened its descent, kissed the tarmac touching down and roared down to taxi speed.  Ahead, a circle of lights identified the surface levels of the Unit 445 complex, home to hundreds of researchers, home to the Shiva device and now host to the Red Harmony cartel itself.
If there were any answers to the pandemic of Shiva addiction sweeping the world, those answers were here.
At the terminal, Winger and D’Garza, now ID’ed and posing as Colonel Jiang Hu Ling and Major Lihua Guo Feng, were met by a small party of officials, some civilian and some in the dark green of the Peoples’ Liberation Army.
Winger recognized one from the Vivonex mission.  Short, stocky, with a graying hair and a winning smile, was Major Guang Guilin, biowar specialist from Unit 445.
Guang extended hands to shake both of theirs.  “You had a pleasant ride from Hong Kong?  The General’s anxious to hear your briefing.”
Briefing?  Winger looked at D’Garza.  What briefing?  A jolt of momentary panic slithered down his spine. 
“Uh, good evening Major,” Winger said.  “We’ll…Major Lihua here and I…will need some time to get our briefing together.  The General, you said?”
“Yes, of course.  The General…and our guests…want to hear all about your Australia trip.”
“Ah, yes…certainly.  Give us half an hour to get ready.”
Back in their quarters, D’Garza seemed in a panic.  “We didn’t know about any briefing.  What are you going to do, Colonel?”
Winger smiled enigmatically.  “Don’t blow a top, Sergeant.  I’ve got a crazy idea.”

The briefing theater was small but well appointed, with display screens and 3-d pedestals everywhere.  Presiding over the affair was General Xi Duanting, commanding officer of Unit 445.  Xi was short, stocky, a bullet head with faint tufts of red hair and he had a pig’s nose.  He had a small tablet in front of him, detailing the contents of the briefing.
“Proceed,” Xi growled.
The first briefer was Major Guang.  While Guang was droning on about the Unit’s current projects, D’Garza saw Colonel Winger surreptitiously spall off a small puff of bots from his hand.  Unknown to her or anyone else, Winger was already directing the bots toward Xi’s tablet, all the while listening ‘intently’ to Guang’s words.  
The invisible swirl of bots penetrated Xi’s tablet and descended to the memory cards, whereupon they proceeded to ‘read’ the cards directly, sending the details back to Winger by encrypted coupler.  D’Garza sat amazed.  No one had any idea of what was going on, yet the Colonel was studying and formulating what he would soon be saying, taking his words directly from the contents of Xi’s tablet.
She smiled faintly and covered her mouth to hide her reactions.  No briefing will ever be the same after this.
After Guang, a scientist named Nigel Skinner gave a short lecture on the current status of a planned upgrade to the Shiva device, something he called Shiva B.  When he was done, it was Winger’s turn.
Xi sat up and nodded appreciatively at Winger.  “Colonel Jiang, I want to hear how your Australia trip went.”
Winger stood up, making up words directly from the details his own bots had supplied from reading Xi’s tablet.  He nodded in the General’s direction.
“Comrade General, the Australia market has been experiencing exponential growth.  It’s primed and ready for Shiva B.  All we have to do is discharge a few superswarm clouds over that nation and the devices will drift down into the towns and cities.  In a few days, a week at most, thousands will already be letting these devices into their heads, sniffing them up into their noses, promising even greater levels of extreme pleasure.  Thousands of new customers await us.  Might I humbly propose Indonesia, specifically the islands of Java and Sumatra, as our next market.”
“Excellent,” declared Xi.  “And our counter-Shiva measures, how are they coming along?”
Skinner took that question.  “We just completed double-blind tests on X-Shiva two days ago.  The results are very promising.  With a few more tweaks and adjustments, X-Shiva can be declared as a most capable antidote to any Shiva infection.  It blocks uptake of Shiva by disabling the device’s propulsors and some of its effectors…most effectively, I might add.”
Xi seemed pleased.  The briefing went on but Winger didn’t pay that much attention.  The existence of an antidote had seized his thoughts.  
That’s what we have to grab, he told himself.  A furtive glance at D’Garza confirmed his thinking.  She was having the same thoughts.
Once the briefers were dismissed, Winger cornered Skinner and Guang out in the hall.
“You know, it would help my efforts in Indonesia if I and my assistant could see just how powerful Shiva B really is.  And X-Shiva too.  It would help us tailor our campaign in Jakarta.”
Guang agreed and told Skinner to arrange a demonstration.  The test began an hour later, in a subterranean containment lab several levels down.  D’Garza took special note of the added security measures around the lab, from electron injectors around the ceiling to stern-faced guards at every entrance and cameras everywhere.  Two additional visitors had also arrived, Souvranamh and Kulagin, both cartel big shots.  Winger eyed the Red Harmony scumbags warily.
A small booth had been set up in the center of the lab.  A test subject sat near naked inside, holding a small control pad in his hands.  He seemed drugged and compliant, his eyes vacant and his head lolling about his shoulders.  
Skinner explained.  “Subject is one of our ‘volunteers,’ straight from a small Uighur village nearby.  Shiva B’s already been injected.  All he has to do is press a few buttons on that pad and the bots will be lighting a big fire in his head.”  Skinner pressed a button on a nearby panel and a red light came on inside the booth.
Automatically, the subject pressed a button on his pad.  His torso and legs were strapped down to his seat.  The instant he stabbed the button, a back-snapping convulsion erupted, coursing the length of his body.  His face contorted into a carnival mask and he vomited explosively, flinging matter against the windows.  Again and again, he stabbed at the button, each time sending exquisitely powerful spasms of pleasure through his body.  With each pulse, he shivered and shuddered and clenched and unclenched his fists.  His feet and legs strained against the straps so hard D’Garza put a hand to her mouth….an edge of bone had begun to protrude from his ankle.   
Skinner looked on dispassionately.  “Shiva B has enhanced effectors and a new processor.  It works, just like Shiva, by blocking the re-uptake of serotonin and dopamine at the synaptic junctions inside the ventral tegmentum.  Same as Shiva, only faster and more completely.”
Theo Souvranamh seemed impressed as well.  He smiled like a proud father.  “The most exquisite pleasure you can imagine.  And pain as well.   Once a ‘customer’ has sniffed this up, he’ll be ours for life.  In fact, General Xi has even approved modifying Shiva B for upgraded halos for all of us, everyone inside the Red Harmony.  Better control of our employees would result.  In time, everyone with a halo will have this…millions of customers.  And, of course, we’ll up the price accordingly.”
The very idea made Skinner shudder involuntarily but he said nothing.  Winger looked at D’Garza.  They both had the same idea.
We’ve got to grab that X-Shiva device and get the hell out of here.
The demonstration went on for awhile longer, with the poor test ‘volunteer’ subjected to ever more intense pulses of Shiva B’s capabilities.  In time, the volunteer passed out and slumped unconscious in his seat, held upright by only his restraints.  Major Guang snapped his fingers and several guards opened the booth and bodily removed the subject…” for final analysis and disposal,” the Major explained.
“Perhaps a little night cap?” Kulagin offered.  “Pamirsha has an excellent club topside, great views of the Kongur Shan.  And—” he winked at D’Garza, “the best vodka this side of Moscow.”
Winger demurred.  “Thank you, sir, but Major Lihua and I are little tired from our trip to Australia.  We should retire to quarters.  Perhaps another time?”
Kulagin didn’t bother to disguise his interest in D’Garza’s anatomy.  “Pity.  But I understand.  Until tomorrow then…dasvidaniya.”
Winger and D’Garza took a nearby lift down several levels to their assigned quarters.  Inside, before a word could be spoken, Winger held up a finger, urging quiet.
“I’m sure we’re bugged and under surveillance.”
D’Garza asked, “What do you suggest?”
Winger thought.  There was one place where he figured surveillance would be difficult, if not impossible.  “Take off your clothes.”
“I’m sorry, sir?”
“Strip and climb under the covers.  I’ll do the same.”
A bit suspicious, D’Garza did as she was commanded.  Winger did the same and climbed under the covers with her.
“We’ll make them think we’re making love…move around a bit.”
Over the next few minutes, with some strategic shifting, moaning and tussling, the two of them worked out their next steps, whispering in each other’s ear beneath the sheets.
“Sir, we’ve got to get our hands on that counter-Shiva device…X-Shiva.”
Winger agreed.  “That Skinner guy said there would be some atmospheric tests soon. In the mountains around here…tests of both Shiva B and X-Shiva.  Maybe we can wrangle an invite to the tests.”
“Tests like that could be dangerous.  What if something escapes?”
“Something tells me the cartel and the Chinese aren’t overly concerned about that.  But you’re right.  I need to contact Hercules—” Winger used the code name for operations control.  “Get some assets into the area to contain and maybe sample the test results.  BioShield could study anything they grab.”
D’Garza’s breath was warm on Winger’s face.  She cuddled a little closer.  “How are we going to grab X-Shiva, sir?”
“Leave that to me, Sergeant.  Just hold still there, while I open a coupler channel to Hercules.  They need to know what’s coming.”
For the next few minutes, as Winger whispered into her face, he was in reality subvocalizing a quick squirt of details and plans on the quantum coupler circuit back to Hercules control, the Operation Quantum Shadow ops control center situated on the island of Diego Garcia in the mid Indian Ocean.
As he talked, D’Garza shut her eyes and tried to imagine what the next few days would bring.  But one thought kept intruding, made stronger by the Colonel’s breath flowing across her face.  She tried to put that thought away in some dark corner of her mind…not now, not here, this is an op and we’ve got a job…but the thought was like a cat, with a mind of its own.  Images of that poor slob in the test booth…what a kick to be able have that kind of power.   It kept peeking out unbidden from that dark corner….

Major Guang sliced and segmented his breakfast egg with the precision of someone accustomed to skilled knife work.  
“A very good idea, Colonel Jiang.  I’ll arrange it at once with the General.  Observing our atmosphere release tests of Shiva B would certainly give you a good insight into how to plan ‘operations’ for the Indonesian market.”
Jiang, aka Winger, polished off his own meal of noodles, pudding and dough sticks.  D’Garza did the same, keeping a wary eye on the two cartel officials sitting across from them. Dmitri Kulagin and Theo Souvranamh were buried in the details of their own breakfast plates and didn’t notice.   
“When does the test begin?”
Guang consulted his wristpad.  “The lifter squad departs Pamirsha at dawn tomorrow morning.  Two ships, one carrying the test samples, and one carrying observers.  I’m sure General Xi will approve both of you observing our work.  We’re quite proud of what’s been accomplished so far.”
Kulagin dribbled egg yolk out of the corner of his mouth, wiped it with some dark brown bread.  “It’s like I’ve been saying.  Shiva gives us an unbeatable product.  Addiction on demand.  Steady revenue stream.  Millions of satisfied customers…soon to be billions.  And we hold the only workable countermeasures.”
Guang nodded.  “Under lock and key and well secured, I might add.”  He hoisted a tea cup for an impromptu toast.  “Unit 445 and Red Harmony…a new world is coming and we write the rules.”

Back at their quarters, Stella D’Garza drank and rinsed her mouth out with cup after cup of water.  “Just trying to get the taste out of my mouth, Colonel.  Sitting that close to Souvranamh and that dog Kulagin…ugh…gives me the creeps.”
“Slimeballs both of them,” Winger agreed.  He was checking something on his wristpad.
“You said you had a plan for grabbing X-Shiva.”
“Later tonight, I’m going to discharge a subset of my config, maybe a few million bots, and send them off on a little errand.”
“An errand?”
“A little bag job.  Skinner was kind enough to show us where X-Shiva is being kept, the master device.  It’s supposedly in a small containment chamber in a room off that test lab.  If can hack out the right configs, my little bandits should be able to penetrate that chamber and grab X-Shiva…I’ve got a special config that should enable me…and them…to hold the damn thing secure until my guys get back.  But I’ve got to make this heist tonight, so when we board that observation lifter tomorrow, we’ll have the goods.”
D'Garza nodded, though she wasn’t sure about any of this.  “It’s a solid bet the cartel and the Chinese have strong A-1 security around that containment cell.  Are you sure you can break in…without setting off some alarm?”
Winger had a mischievous leer on his face.  “Maskirovka, my dear Sergeant D’Garza.  As a card-carrying member of the angels’ union, I’m a master at being something I’m not.  It’s all about deception and disguise.  Hallmark of this whole operation, wouldn’t you say?”
D’Garza still seemed unconvinced.  “If you say so, sir.”
Both atomgrabbers then adjourned to their quarters and tried to get some sleep.  Just after midnight, Winger rose from his bed and began to put his little scheme into motion. 
His original plan had been to spall off a few million bots from his arm, but Winger changed his mind and decided to do a full disassemble.  
That way I don’t have to worry about comms or trying to control a scout force remotely.  He went into a nearby closet and started the process.  Inside of five minutes, all that was left of Johnny Winger ‘in the flesh’ was a small cloud of dust motes drifting across the room.  He forced the door seals, exited into an empty corridor—it was early morning hours in the compound—and from memory made his way to the lift.  Nothing detected the presence of a few sparkling dust motes as they filled into the lift and made their way down several floors.
He found the Lab secured, as expected, but there were no human guards in sight.  
Forcing the Lab doors took about five minutes.  The Winger swarm found the door system a dense configuration of mostly titanium and tantalum alloy, not easy to force, but doable if you had the right configs for solid-phase.  Winger never went on a mission without a full load of every configuration template in the Corps’ archives.
Inside the Lab, he drifted unseen and unheard toward the small containment cell that Guang had pointed out.  Its outer hatch was massive and, upon close inspection, seemed to be made of a special alloy he hadn’t encountered before, perhaps something similar to submarine hull material.  He probed the molecular arrangement for a few minutes, noting the especially dense packing of the lattice molecules and decided on Config 28…one he hadn’t used before.  It took a few minutes to alter his own config to that template.  
When he was ready, he sifted and slid into the molecular lattice of the hatch, sliding and squeezing through fierce Brownian motion, buffeted as if on a windblown lake, caroming at times like a billiard ball.  In all, the transit took about twenty minutes and then he was in.
As expected, the X-Shiva device was held inside a small suitcase-sized container.  The proven antidote to the Shiva swarms now infecting so many millions around the world was right in front of him.  But the flicker of a web of barrier bots surrounded the container.  
These guys would require some studying.
Fighting bots in the land of atoms was all about leverage.  Kind of like ballroom dancing, with fists, Winger had once remarked to Stella D’Garza.  
He tried out several different configs, settled on one, made the change and began to close on the barrier.
The first bot came up and Winger gave it a taste of his bond disrupters.  The electron discharge snapped off a few effectors and sent the thing spinning off into the distance.  But no sooner had he done that than a squadron of them fell on him and he found himself engulfed in  no time.
Winger had learned a thing or two about his newest effectors in the weeks since his last encounter with bad bots.  The secret was to keep your propulsors churning, keeping driving forward, keep your energy up.  If he did that, he found he could slip out of almost any grapple and brain a bot with whatever effector was free.  He particularly liked his carbene grabbers and he had developed a dance step he liked to call the kiss and clobber…he’d let himself be grappled, momentarily shut off his propulsors and almost relax.  When the bad guy had retracted and moved in for the kill, he did a quick left-right spin, fired up his propulsors and slashed right across the bot’s mid-section—where most of them had fewer effectors—knocking the bejeezus out of the thing and pulling free to pinch and slash some more.
It worked every time.  Winger had in the meantime gone to max replication and the melee was underway.  All up and down the lattice of molecules, like a collision of bird flocks, the swarms engaged…twisting, slashing, grabbing, zapping.  Slowly, using his new maneuvers, Winger was able to push back and contain the barrier swarms.
“It’s working!” he exulted.  “It’s working!  These bozos are getting smacked and spanked like you wouldn’t believe!  Maybe an enzymatic knife right here….”
So he tried the knife.  Everything he tried worked.  Maybe the enemy bots were slow.  Maybe their configs were all wrong.  Whatever it was, Johnny Winger found he was winning a battle against bots he’d never encountered before.  This wasn’t half bad, this living like an atom.  You had to watch your momentum and things stuck to each other like glue.  Van der Waals and Brownian motions were a bitch, but it was the same for the enemy.  
Leverage and momentum, that was the key.
Inside of half an hour, the battle seemed to be won.  The barrier that had surrounded the X-Shiva container seemed to be lifting as the last few bots were swept up.  The way in was almost clear.  Somehow, with a little luck and lot of smack, he’d been able to disperse the enemy bots and quarantine and isolate any stragglers.  
He forced the container, closed on the X-Shiva master, now pinned to a scaffold and corralled the thing without incident.  He had already formed a special quarantine pocket from his own bots that he hoped would hold and isolate X-Shiva while it was transported.  Carefully, he speared the thing and dumped it into the pocket, where it wriggled and squirmed, but seemed unable to get loose.  He watched the device gyrate and twist but the master bot didn’t have the right effectors to push its way out.  He hoped the thing didn’t have quantum collapse ability; no pocket could contain a nanobot that could do that.
Cautiously, he flowed out of the container and back out into the Lab.  He checked the time.  0315 hours local.  He had already arranged with D’Garza to meet in the Lab’s lobby two floors up at 0600 hours.  A pair of lifters would be ready to take them and the test crew out to some nearby mountains, where an experimental version of Shiva B would be released on the edge of an approaching snow storm.  Unit 445 and Red Harmony wanted to test the effectiveness of Shiva B on unsuspecting populations across Sinkiang and Tibet, before going into full production.
But Winger already had a plan to stop that too.

As arranged, Major Guang was waiting for them in the lobby.  
“You’ve had breakfast, I hope,” he beamed at them.  “The lifters are already ready.”  In his hand, Guang held up a small jar-sized cylinder with external cabling and sensor arrays attached.  “We must board now and be on our way.  The test requires us to be in a certain position—near the Tajik border, before the storm arrives.”
Guang led the way outside to the lifter pad.  Two black lifters, with no identifying markings, sat ready to go.  One would carry Guang, Winger and D’Garza, with a pilot.  The second would carry technicians from the Lab, plus Souvranamh and Kulagin from the cartel.
The trip would take about half an hour.
The lifters departed and Winger looked down on the stark early-morning shadows flowing across the crumpled and rugged terrain of the Kongur Shan.  Backlit from a rising sun behind them, the peaks loomed dark and menacing, poking their snowy summits through low cloud banks.  The lifters cruised west at an altitude of three thousand meters, weaving in and out of the mountain valleys.  Winger checked on his unwilling guest; the X-Shiva master was still well-contained in the ‘pocket’ he had created, deep inside his own outer shell, unable to escape.  As yet, no alarms had sounded inside Pamirsha but Winger figured that would come in time. With any luck, they would be several hundred kilometers away when the inevitable happened.  
The plan had been worked out in excruciating detail back at the Mesa and, so far, amazingly few hitches had interfered with the mission of Operation Quantum Shadow.  Winger wasn’t particularly optimistic that their luck would hold, but there was little they could do now but proceed on the original plan.
His eyes met D’Garza, which went to her wristpad to check the time.  The moment was coming up.  It had been calculated to occur when the lifters were at their closest approach to the Tajik border.  At a silent signal from Winger, D’Garza tensed her body, ready to move on Guang when the time came.
The signal came with a faint, barely detectable blurring of Colonel Winger’s face.  At first, Guang noticed nothing, engrossed as he was with his containment cylinder, cycling through the release protocols before situating the thing in its release port in the floor.  Winger continued to de-materialize until there was little left but a thick fog, sparkling and fluorescing in the early light of dawn.  When Guang looked up, startled at what was happening, D’Garza was on him in a second.
At the same moment, the Winger swarm flowed forward and enveloped the pilot, who swatted and flailed at the swarm, unsuccessfully, before Winger could consume the poor man in a dense cloud of disassemblers.  The cloud brightened as the big bang proceeded, the Winger bots stripping atoms from molecules and eventually making so much atom fluff and gray ash of what had once been a Chinese pilot.
The lifter swerved and buffeted in wind gusts and Winger quickly re-assembled himself as fast as he could, slamming his still-forming butt down in the seat and assuming control of the ship. 
For her part, D’Garza had made quick work of Major Guang, who lay sprawled and lifeless on the cabin floor, his neck broken, eyes wide open, and mouth agape.  Blood streamed out of the corner of his mouth.
D’Garza picked up the cylinder of Shiva B and safed the release mechanism.  She strapped herself into the seat next to Winger, who was trying to bring the lifter under control.  The second lifter was lost to view, buried in thickening clouds.
“I don’t like the looks of that,” Winger indicated the approaching storm front.  Clouds boiled and heaved right in front of them.  “I’m going a little lower…see if we can duck under this soup.”
“Not too low,” D’Garza warned.  Involuntarily, she tensed her legs, as glimpses of sheer mountain cliffs and slopes raced by.  
“The plan is to set down inside Tajikistan, near that village Khorog, then call for Hercules,” he reminded her.  “I just hope we’re heading in the right direction…maybe just a little lower….”
The slope, when it materialized, came up out of nowhere.  Winger barely had time to react, even as proximity warnings blared throughout the cabin.  Frantic Chinese recordings hammered their ears, klaxons and a female voice shouting, “Jinggao…Jinggao!  Zhuangji Jinggao!”  Impact warning!”
The lifter was somehow in a flat spin, caught on the outer bands of the storm front, and losing altitude fast.  Winger fought the controls, pulsed jets left and right, applied max power to the engines, but they were hopelessly caught, being dragged down and down by forces they couldn’t overcome.  
Outside the windows, D’Garza saw mountain slopes and snowdrifts and rugged boulder-strewn inclines and deep shadowed crevices whirling by in a dizzying procession.  
“Colonel…I…it’s—”
“I’ve got it!  I’ve got it!”
The spin was slowing and the shuddering vibration began to fall off but it was too late.  A final blast of the proximity klaxon gave them only a few seconds’ warning of the impact.  The lifter tried to autoflare to ease the force of the impact, but the crash came inexorably as the laws of physics dictated.
The lifter’s nose plowed into a snow bank, lifted briefly back into the air, and pancaked onto a steep slope, then began sliding backwards down and down, spinning slightly though her outer hull was already smashed and holed.  After a few moments, the descent stopped and the hull creaked and groaned as the ship came to a precarious rest on a barren ledge in the midst of a driving snow fall, several thousand meters above a rubbly plain and the frozen ribbon of a tiny river below them.
The impact slammed D’Garza’s head sideways into a stanchion and she quickly lost consciousness.  Winger was more fortunate.  As an angel, his body had more ‘give’ and the force of the impact merely distended his outer config a little.  When the lifter came to a final rest, perched on a narrow promontory several thousand meters up the steep sides of the mountain, he gathered himself together, assumed a more or less human form and surveyed the scene around him.
D’Garza was out and a thin stream of blood issued from the side of her face.  Guang was dead, neck broken, on the cabin floor.  The pilot was a sheen of disassembled atom ash on the floor.  And there was no sign of the other lifter.
Had they come down outside Chinese territory, inside Tajikistan?
And could he get himself and D’Garza safely out of the lifter and on to the extraction point, before the Chinese arrived, for he was sure others were coming?
The first step was to see to Stella and get her bandaged and upright.

Chapter 4: “Point Hercules”

Kongur Shan Mountains
Tajikistan
August 10, 2067
1630 hours (local)

Just getting down the icy slope of the mountain proved to be a nearly impossible challenge.  After reviving and bandaging D’Garza, Winger rummaged around in the cabin and its lockers before finding little they could use.  As he did so, D’Garza worked on forcing the hatch open, only to find snow drifts piling up outside.  The hatch would barely open wide enough to let her out.  It was going to be a tight squeeze and the ground was icy and steep outside.
She sat back on the floor, shivering as another blast of cold air came in and regarded Winger, now sitting cross-wise in the pilot’s sheet, tapping on his wristpad.
“Any bright ideas, Colonel?  We seem to be stuck here.”
“Oh, not for long, Sergeant.  I have a wacky idea that might just work.  At least, if it works, we’ll be down there in that valley on more or less level ground.,”
“I can’t wait to hear it.”
“I’ve been trying to find a certain config template and I may have just found it.”
“Don’t tell me, sir, let me guess…you can build us another lifter.”
Winger made a face. “Not quite.  That would take too long and I don’t have the config for it.  But this is almost as good.  I do have a config for a sort of parachute-style glider.”
“A what?”
Winger explained, even as he had already started discharging bots from his arm, a process that never failed to unnerve D’Garza.  
“If I can make this thing, you could hold on to me and we could descend down to that valley more or less under control.”
D’Garza seemed skeptical.  “What about the winds and the snow?”
“We’ll just have to take that chance.”
D’Garza sniffed.  “I guess this is why I joined the Corps.   Let’s get to it.  I’m freezing my ass off over here.”
For the next fifteen minutes, D’Garza watched in amazement as Winger discharged bots off himself, slowly forming up an odd-looking gossamer contraption, with huge wings, a harness and a skeletal frame.  When he pronounced the job done, she asked, “We’re taking off in that?”
“It may not look like much, but it’s strong and light, since I optimized the atomic bonds of the material.  Hop in.”
Reluctant, but thirsty and shivering from cold, D’Garza positioned herself in the harness and held on tight.  Winger squeezed onto a seat above her and waddled in the contraption toward the lifter hatch.  With a shove, he pushed and kicked his way to the edge, peered through swirling snow and leaped out into space.
They were soon enveloped in crosscurrents and gusts, fully embedded in driving snow.  D’Garza’s stomach leaped into her mouth.  They were falling fast, descending way too fast, and Winger was struggling to turn them into the windstream.  They bounced and corkscrewed for a few moments, before the Colonel managed to bring the makeshift glider into some semblance of control.  Still descending fast, they spiraled down, once brushing against the side of the mountain, once soaring like an eagle over a vast sloping outcrop of rock and snow, before plummeting down and further down.
They plowed into a huge snow bank and the glider collapsed around them.  But as D’Garza looked up, she realized they had landed more or less on level ground, at the base of the Kongur Tagh mountain, alive and mostly intact.
“Come on!” Winger yelled, pulling her to her feet.  The wind was screaming through the valley and driving snow and sleet in stinging sheets into their faces.  They bent into the wind and clawed their way through knee-deep snow, across icy patches, down rubbly defiles, across nearly invisible crevices, until they came at last to a boulder field, at the far end of the valley.
Here Winger spun out more bots from his arms and fashioned a crude overhang of a shelter, against a large boulder.  They crawled under, wrapping themselves in each other’s arms, and shivered while the winds moaned and tore at the shelter for hours on end.  Night came, the storm began to abate, and Winger showed her how to melt snow to slake their worsening thirst.  They had nothing to eat, but at least they were alive…for the moment.
The sun came up hard and bright when morning arrived.  The storm was over and the sky was a hard, cerulean blue, flaked with wisps of high-altitude clouds.  Occasional aircraft contrails spiderwebbed the sky and Winger thought he heard the distant roar of lifters.
“They’re looking for us,” he announced.  “They have a general idea where we are.”
“Maybe they found the lifter wreckage.”  D’Garza felt her stomach growling, wishing she had a stack of pancakes with a side of bacon and eggs around.  “Do you still have our little friend?”
Winger nodded, sucking at some snow from a finger.  “X-Shiva still contained…in his little pocket.”
“What now?  We can’t stay here.  And where the hell are we anyway?”
Winger checked his wristpad.  “I finally got a fix from a navsat last night.  We’re in Tajikistan, by several kilometers.  From my wristpad map, I think there’s desert a few dozen kilometers that way—” he pointed west.  “We should probably get going…Point Hercules is that way.”
“Can you contact them?”
Winger said, “I’ve been trying my coupler, but the thing must have been damaged.  Just static and deco wave crap…no signal I can see.  If we head out now, right at dawn, we can get deeper into Tajikistan before it’s fully light.  With any luck, the extraction team or maybe UNIFORCE is trying to track us.  They can detect us better once we get out of these mountains.”
“Yes, sir…and so can Red Harmony.”
“On your feet, Sergeant,” Winger said.  “We’ve got a rendezvous to make.”

Two hours march later, they found themselves on the edge of a vast plateau, a cold, windswept desert hardpan, with dunes and small hills marching to the horizon.  D’Garza spotted black dots moving along the horizon.
“Sheep,” she surmised.  “Or yak or something.  Could be a camp nearby.”
“Let’s find out.  I’m starved.”
The camel and yak herd was half a kilometer north, hovering over a mostly dry streambed and a small patch of bridlegrass.  Half a dozen herders glared back at them.
They reached the herd.  Two-humped Bactrian camels formed a loose outer perimeter.  Wooly yaks foraged inside the circle.  Several sturdy horses plodded and grazed among the herd.
Winger went to the tallest, oldest herder, figuring him to be the leader of the group.  He wore a dark blue jacket, a traditional Tajik deel, with a conical hat dangling red tassels.  His own sensors scanned and labelled the hat toortsog, in the local dialect.  Winger activated the translation and language module in his processor and spoke slowly.
“Bidend tuslamj kheregtei baina.  We need help.  We’re lost.”
The herder squinted through tiny eyes from a face burnished tan by the desert sun.  He seemed surprised to hear such words from these strangers.
He replied, “Chi khen be? Who are you?  Where from?”
Winger, haltingly and using his language module carefully, tried to explain.  He described the lifter they’d come in, how they were fleeing Chinese oppression and needed shelter.  Many airplanes were coming and they were all in danger.
This alarmed the herders and they gathered together, jabbering quickly in their native tongue.  Watching them in their tunics, their felt upturned boots and caps, Winger had an idea.  He approached the leader again, while behind him, he heard D’Garza’s strained voice whispering.
“On my wristpad…detecting what looks like enemy formation ETA now nine minutes, sir.”
Winger asked if he could feel the herder’s coat.  Blinking hard, the herder reluctantly doffed his jacket and handed it to Winger.  
Winger felt the cotton and wool threads of the fabric, all the while smiling back.  As he did this, the scan-feel module in his processor analyzed atom geometry and bond energies of the garment’s outer molecules.  In a minute, he had a complete molecular composition file in his memory.  He handed the deel back.
Now Winger moved off to the opposite bank of the stream and waved everyone to stay back.  He lowered both arms and let bots flow off his fingers toward the ground, quickly discharging a small cloud of bots now sparkling and twinkling in the hard desert air.
The herders grew alarmed and stepped back abruptly, again chattering among themselves.  As they looked on, first alarmed, then with growing curiosity, the small fog bank swelled and covered much of the far bank of the stream.  Winger was still visible standing in the middle of the swirling mist.  After a few minutes, with D’Garza announcing, “Formation ETA now three minutes, sir,” the mist shrouding Winger began to dissipate.
Soon, the mist had been blown away by wind gusts and the herders were visibly startled to see Winger standing alone amid a pile of loose jackets and hats.  
The herders were amazed and started gesturing vigorously.  The chief jumped the stream and came over.  
“Ene id shid uu?  Is this magic we see?”
Winger wanted to explain the fabrication process but there was no time.  With the enemy formation drawing nearer, he motioned for D’Garza to come near.
“Put these on, quick.  We’ll try to blend in with the herd.  It’s either the cartel or the Chinese…or both.  They’re not even respecting Tajik territory.”
As fast as she could, D’Garza did as he commanded. 
When both were dressed, and the herders still muttering and staring at their amazing visitors, the flock of yaks and camels bayed and snorted and slowly drifted under sharp voice commands of the herders, heading further north along the streambed.  They had put nearly a kilometer between themselves and the streambed, when D’Garza cried out, pointing to the southeastern horizon.
“Look!  There they are!”
Materializing over the snow-capped peaks of the Kongur Shan Mountains, a line of black dots moved toward them at high speed.  The force was circling overhead in less than twenty seconds.
Winger craned up to study the attackers, trying to hide most of his face behind the tassels of his toortsog cap.
“Stella those are DX-5s.  Dragon hyperdrones, I’ll bet.”
D’Garza looked up too.  “Scores of them.  Let’s don’t look up.  Keep your eyes on the herd.  Try to mix in.”
The drones swooped and circled above them like vultures and a few unleashed beams which lanced out and scorched, then blasted nearby sand and dirt mounds into smoldering rubble.
Thankful that the drones seemed to be ignoring the herd, Winger urged the herders and their four-legged neighbors along the streambed. 
Maybe, just maybe, we’ll get out of this, he told himself.  But we’ve got to get comms working, let Ops know what’s happened, where we are.
It was a shrill voice that interrupted his thoughts.  The cry came from D’Garza.
“Colonel, look!  Look there on the horizon.  Infantry…coming this way.”
And as Winger swung around to look, his mouth went dry.  A dark line of men and bots and vehicles was churning up rooster tails of dust, and headed in their direction.
Not just infantry, Winger realized.  Mantracs too.  Robotic warriors, flanking us on both sides.  
“They’re trying to surround us,” Winger muttered.  
D’Garza could see that.  She watched as Winger hustled after the chief herdsman, who was ahead of them and prodding a reluctant yak with a stick, and asked a question.
“Tosgon bii yuu? Is there a camp or a village near here?”
The herdsman rubbed a stubbly chin and squinted.  Then he pointed to his right, over a ridge of sand dunes.  
“Khorog.”
“Lead us,” Winger pleaded.
The herdsman seemed to understand the urgency of the situation, for he also had seen the line of advancing troops.
They moved smartly over the ridges and soon came to a crude gathering of gers, round tents made of felt and stretched over circular wooden frames.  The sight of the simple huts gave Winger an idea.
D’Garza had seen that look on Winger’s face before.  It usually meant some wacky notion was coming.  
“I just hope we have enough time,” he said.
“Whatever it is, Skipper, just do it!”
They had come into Khorog at a somber time of camel coaxing.  A pair of camels lay in the sand, mother and child, both tied together.  The mother had consistently rejected her offspring, much to the annoyance of the herders.  Now in the half-light of dusk, a musician wielded a strange instrument, a horsehead fiddle known as morin khuur.  He played a mournful tune on the fiddle while all around the camels, villagers chanted “Khuus, khuus, khuus,” trying to break the spell that separated mother and child.
As the ceremony proceeded, Winger felt-scanned a nearby ger and then moved off to a position just outside the village circle.  There, he discharged clouds of his own bots, building up a swelling cloud of flashing lights around them, a phosphorescent dust storm backlit purple and red from the setting sun. Most of the villagers ignored them, choosing to focus on the ceremony with the mother camel and her child.  Two village boys, however, stood hand in mouth and gawked at the apparition of nanobotic fabrication.  Their eyes widened when the dust began to clear and three additional tents had been added to the village, their felt covering still steaming from the fires of atomic assembly.
Winger went looking for Stella D’Garza.  He found her standing hands on hips behind the fiddle player, swaying softly to the hypnotic tune.
“Over here—” Winger motioned.  D’Garza shook her head out of the spell cast by the music and came over.
“Sir?”
“You still have that coupler set from our own gear?”
“Yes, sir. I grabbed it when we abandoned the lifter.  Right here—” She patted a small pouch on her web belt.
“I want you to try an encoded burst transmission, max entanglement, to Ops.”
D’Garza looked concerned.  “Won’t that give us away, sir?  With that ground force so near, and the drones—”
“Do it.  We’ve got to take the chance.  We’ve achieved our objective and grabbed X-Shiva but we’re off course and stuck in the middle of nowhere.  Try to get a coupler link going, one burst at a time.  Use one of those fabbed tents.”
“Yes, sir.”  D’Garza trotted to a ger that had just been created.  It was still smoldering faintly.
Winger took a look skyward.  The oncoming Chinese force had boosted into the sky—a mix of human jetroops and robotic mantrac fliers—and the sight made him think of a flock of armored vultures.  They would be on top of Khorog in a few minutes.  
Just before the Chinese jetroops landed, D’Garza slipped out of her tent and sidled up next to Winger.  In a low voice, she went over the results of her comm session.
“I finally managed to raise Singapore Base, Colonel.  It was intermittent.  But they know where we are.  They’ve pinpointed us from satlink.  We’re advised to stay put.  Stay at this location, if possible.  One of the Hercules geoplanes is coming here to pick us up.”
Winger saw the first Chinese troops alighting scant meters away.  “ETA?”
“About ten hours, sir.”
“Swell.  Get lost, Stella. Go blend in.”
A short, pudgy officer-type emerged from the unit, strutting like a peacock through the villagers.  His voice was sharp, guttural.
“Silence!   Pai cheng yixing!  Form a line!”
Grumbling and scuffing through the sand, the villagers of Khorog assembled themselves into crude ranks, Winger and D’Garza mingled in with them.
The officer had a pig’s face.  His up-turned snout bristled with authority and a faint smudge of a moustache twitched.  “Show your faces to the recognizers!”
One after another, a Chinese soldier bearing a small fist-sized device walked the line, with two mantracs trundling along after him, roughly positioning villagers when they didn’t cooperate quickly enough.  There were scattered grunts and curses.  
Winger wedged himself between a herdsman and his daughter.  When the recognizer was shone into his own face, analyzing hundreds of points of skin texture and skeletal arrangement, he held his breath, as any Normal might do. Would the bots forming his face hold up to recognizer scrutiny? Was the recognizer checking faces against some kind of database?  Angels often exhibited edge effects, where their bots didn’t quite track accurately.  Winger half expected the thing to beep or chime or flash red or sound off loud sirens but none of that happened.  He prayed that D’Garza’s nanoderm would work.  To keep steady, he concentrated on the blank mechano-skin ‘face’ of the mantrac, wondering what model they were using now.
After what seemed like an eternity, the soldier and his bot friend moved on.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw other recognizers scanning other faces.  Nothing bad had happened yet, but one alarm and the game would be up.  
Five minutes of this and Pig-Face seemed to relax slightly.  His voice had changed and the timbre of authority had lessened.  
“Comrades…thank you for your cooperation.  We see no traitors or capitalist roaders here.  Report any Western spies to the authorities.  Dongshi zhang de rongyao!  Glory to the Chairman! Long live the Revolution!”
With that, and a sharp hand signal, the Chinese troops as one lit off their suit boost and leaped back into the sky.  The mantracs followed, a rippling sortie into the air, laying down a martial blast of “The East is Red”, to cover their departure.
Once the flock had wheeled about to locate the next village, Winger heard loud sighs and gasps of relief.
Winger considered what D’Garza had found during her brief comm session.  “So, Boundary Patrol is sending one of their ships our way.  They know where we are and they’re en route now. We just have to stay here and stay out of sight.  We should make ourselves useful to the villagers.  If your contact was right, ETD should be around 0600 hours tomorrow morning.”  
D’Garza watched the herders rounding up their beasts for the night.  “Seems like a long time.  A lot could go wrong before then.”
“Go find us some food, Sergeant.  I’m hungry enough to eat one of these camels.”
D’Garza ambled off toward the chief’s ger.
Winger took a long look at the desert sky.  The sun was down and stars were popping out from one horizon to another.  He decided to take the first watch and bunked down beside a small campfire crackling nearby.  A family of herders offered him a tin of yak milk to drink but he politely declined and closed his eyes.  
How many hours he had lain awake staring at stars, aircraft, satellites and the occasional meteor flash, he couldn’t say.  Perhaps he had drifted off into a sort of half-sleep.  Intermittent but persistent tremors in the ground gradually brought him back to full consciousness.
Intrigued, he lay his cheeks flat on the dirt.  No doubt, something was rumbling below ground and nearby.  He wondered and sat up abruptly.
The fire was low and guttering, smoking.  The yak herders—he thought they had said their name was Batzorig or something—were all asleep, nestled against their two yaks, themselves wheezing and snoring loudly.
There.  Again.  A definite rumble.  A series of tremors.  Was it a quake?  A fault slipping hundreds of kilometers below them?
He was just about to get up, when a great roar enveloped the camp and all the sleepers stirred and startled themselves awake.  Yaks and camels brayed and stomped hooves.
The roar was coming from beyond the camp.
Just then, Winger stood up abruptly, seeing the ground rise if it were swelling upward and about to burst.  A hill was forming, an instantaneous sand dune rising, and seconds later, the top of the dune exploded outward.
Embedded in the midst of the dune, shedding sand and dirt in sheets, was the bulbous nose of a Boundary Patrol geoplane, her tracks spinning down and her borer globe collapsing in a spray of light.
Winger swallowed hard.  A cheer erupted from behind him.  Boundary Patrol had made good on their word.
She was called Ferret.  From an open hatch, several crewmen dropped down to the ground, yelling the BP rally cry like schoolchildren at recess.  
“Subterraneans strike hard!”
After Ferret had settled back to the ground, and the herdsmen had restrained their squawking animals, a side hatch popped open.
Johnny Winger was heartened to see a familiar face emerge in the early morning dawnlight.
“John Jellicoe, you old goat!”  He raced up and embraced Ferret’s captain in a bear hug.
Jellicoe beamed, amazed at their surroundings.  “John Winger, you look like hell.  What happened to your face?  You guys need a lift?”
  The next few minutes were given over to greetings, back slaps, weird handshakes, name calling and a hell of a lot of jostling, shoving, pushing and shouldering.  To the amazement of the villagers of Khorog, the crewmen and troopers mingled like long lost friends.
Jellicoe finally turned serious, eyeing the purplish skies around them.  “I’m not sure how safe we are exposed like this.  Get your gear aboard.  I’d like to get underway as soon as possible.  We’ve been tracking another geoplane on our way in.  Probably Chinese.”
“Or Red Harmony,” said Winger.  “How close?”
“Maybe ten kilometers dead astern, last we pinged them.  I think the bad guys know we’re here and what we’re up to.”
Just before boarding Ferret, Winger met up with the family he had bedded down with.  
“Mr. Batzorig, I can’t thank you enough.  Khorog hospitality was over the top.  We leave now.”  He triggered his translator module for a final greeting.  “Bayartai!”
The beefy father seemed sad and hugged Winger, kissing him on both cheeks.  His face wrinkled at the odd texture of an angel’s outer config, then he shrugged and clapped Winger on  both shoulders. “Ayuulgui ayalal, naiz mini.  Safe journeys, friend.”
They waved and Winger was quickly aboard the geoplane.
Moments later, Ferret’s borer burst into a blinding blue-white glow as her uncountable trillions of bots formed up and settled into a fiery, seething globe of light.
The geoplane lowered her nose to the ground and her treads clanked to a jerky start, flinging grass and soil everywhere.
In less than two minutes, she had burrowed her way back into her element, disappearing below the sand and dirt like a furious prairie dog itself. 
As Ferret was descending, Jellicoe motioned Winger up to the command deck.  He met the atomgrabber just outside in the gangway.
“I thought I should be the one to tell you, Colonel.”
Winger was curious.  Jellicoe handed him a tablet, with a message on the screen.  
“This came in just before we surfaced.  From General Linx.”
Winger read the message, his face clouding and darkening as he did.  It was a simple message, hastily sent from the Mesa…
…Your father…Jamison Winger…stricken with Shiva…come at once, Denver MetroMed…he’s in ICU…speed essential…expediting return….
Winger looked up at Jellicoe, his face ashen.  “John, how fast can we get to Diego Garcia?”
Jellicoe had already seen Linx’s message.  “Colonel, I’m so sorry for you…we’re pushing Ferret to the limit now.  We’ll be surfacing in two days…I can’t do any better than that.”
Winger was already heading aft.  “I need to contact the General.”
Jellicoe was sympathetic.  “Use my quarters.  It’s more private.”

Chapter 5: “Antidote”

Denver MetroMed Hospital
Denver, Colorado
August 14, 2067
2010 hours (local)

The good news was that WHO was now overseeing large-scale production of the X-Shiva antidote.  But to be fully effective, X-Shiva required help from Quantum Corps, who would have to assemble vast nanobotic swarms to engage the airborne supercolonies of Shiva circulating around the world.  Millions of infected twist patients would have to undergo ANAD-style inserts to help X-Shiva combat the infection inside their bodies.  
The bad news was that somehow Jamison Winger, his own father, had been infected with Shiva B, the more aggressive version of Shiva and the X-Shiva antidote was not effective in combatting that.
Johnny Winger was still reading the latest update from MetroMed when his jet touched down at Denver International….
Jamison Winger was admitted to the Critical Care Unit yesterday at 1730 hours, with uncontrollable seizures and convulsions.  Neurospasms continued overnight.  Preliminary diagnosis is massive Shiva infection or S-Factor cytotosis…full envelopment.  Mr. Winger has been moved to the Active Care Unit of CCU for probable neurocytic therapy, as soon as he can be stabilized.  Prognosis is guarded.
All family members are advised to come immediately to the hospital.  Notify MetroMed CCU Nurse Admin at mmccunurse.med/active as soon as possible.  
It was a long jetcab ride into town.  

Johnny Winger arrived at the hospital shortly after sunset.  The Critical Care Unit was on the fifth floor, north wing.  The waiting area was half full, with small knots of people engaged in whispered conversation, two children joysticking remote action bots along the wall, and a wraparound active display showing live scenes from Vail and Aspen and Steamboat Springs.  The admin nurse showed Winger down a hall to the Active Care Unit.  Through the bioshield, a sort of containment zone inside of which active nanodevices were at work, Johnny came up to the bed where Jamison Winger lay enveloped in thick ganglia of wires and hoses.  
A faint coruscating blue glow surrounded the bed, the inner containment field pulsating with active nano to protect the patient from further infection.
A swarthy Egyptian doctor, Sethi Hassan, attended a small display, with imaging views that looked familiar to Winger.  Two nurses also attended.
Dr. Hassan sensed the presence of someone new, but did not at first look away from the screen.  His right hand manipulated a tiny trackball and the view on the screen changed with each manipulation.  
“Colonel John Winger,” the nanotrooper announced himself.  “This is my father—“
Dr. Hassan stole a quick peak at Winger’s black and gold Quantum Corps uniform.  “I imagine you’ve seen this kind of gear before, Colonel.”
Winger bent over the bed, pressing lightly against the field.  A keening buzz changed pitch and invisible forces pressed back against his fingers, forcing his hand away.  Standard mobility barrier, he told himself, almost without thinking.
“How is he, Doc?”
Hassan sighed, flexed his fingers around the trackball and did some more manipulations, delicately driving the medbots under his command.  
“Stable…for the moment.  Two hours ago, we perfused his brain with a small formation of neurocytes…you’re no doubt familiar with the technique?”
Winger nodded.  “Quite familiar.  Is it Shiva?”
Hassan took a moment to tap out a few commands on a nearby keyboard.  Probably changing config, Winger noted from behind his back.
“Seems to be.  Whatever it is, his brain’s infested with active nanodevices, viral programming from the looks of it.  These neurocytes are hunting now.  I detached a small element just an hour ago, got them into position to block a serotonin avalanche that was firing off inside his limbic system…nasty buggers, they were.  We got the convulsions mostly stopped…although there’s been some leakage into the hippocampal regions.”
Winger studied his father’s face.  His eyes were screwed shut, tension lines all converging along his forehead.  He was clearly still in pain.  His lips trembled and a rhythmic twitch made his fingers and feet move in fits of shaking.  
Dad…Dad, I’m so sorry.  This shouldn’t be happening to you…to anyone.  You don’t deserve this—
“You’ll have to engage them close up, Doc.  I’ve battled them myself.  These neurocytes…what’s the core version?”
Hassan shrugged.  “Our unit grew them from a config we got from Northgate University, about six months ago.  Mainly they’re antivirals…you know: Alzheimers, meningitis, that sort of thing.  Fellow from Northgate came by a few weeks ago, when we started to get a lot of cases like this.  He tweaked the program.”  Hassan seemed at a loss.  “All I can do so far is keep them from spreading.  The ‘cytes can find them, and I engage when they do.  But…well, you know how Shiva is, how S Factor is.”
Winger wanted so badly to touch his father’s face.  The shield wouldn’t let him.  It was the only thing keeping the enemy mechs contained.  
“My guess is the neurocytes don’t have the programming to deal with Shiva.  You don’t have bond disrupters, enzymatic knives…that sort of thing.”
“I don’t have military nano here at all, Colonel.  I’m trying to save lives.”
“That’s what it takes to deal with Shiva, Doc.  You’ve got to be nimble and ruthless.  You’ve to be able to close on them quick and sling atoms like a banshee.  And it doesn’t hurt to be kind of sneaky too.  Shiva’s program seems able to counter pretty much any kind of normal assault you’d make.  It seems to know what to expect from garden-variety bots.”
“So how do you fight it?”
“You do the unexpected.”
Jamison Winger stirred slightly.  His eyes fluttered half open.  They focused on Johnny’s face for a moment, then recognition sank in.  His trembling hand lifted, bumped against the inner barrier and quickly dropped, as the shield bots buzzed back.
“Dad…Dad, can you see me?  Can you hear me?”
Jamison Winger smiled weakly.  “Is that you…Johnny—“
“Dad—“ Winger bent as close as he dared to the barrier.  He could feel the sting of the mechs tickling his chin.  “Dad—I—how do you feel now?”
Mr. Winger summoned his strength and replied.  “Like I’ve just been to about a hundred New Year’s Eve parties—“
“Dad…it’s S Factor…they’re inside you…inside your head.”
“I know—I hear ‘em.  There’s a lot of horns going off all the time.  And my arms—“
“—you’ve got neurocytes inside you, too.  Dr. Hassan’s driving.  He’s hunting down the mechs, rooting them out.”
“—making a hell of a racket doing it…if you ask me—“
“Dad…you’ve got to hang in there—remember when you got the patch…remember what the doctors told you?”
Mr. Winger started to convulse—his arms and hands went rigid, then spasmed fluttering off into the air, brushing against the barrier.  The mechs buzzed back.   Beside the bed, Hassan busied himself driving the herd of neurocytes onward, tracking down the errant discharges.  Seconds later, as he swarmed the ‘cytes into a herd of Shiva mechs, the spasm gradually died off.  Mr. Winger’s arms dropped, his fists unclenched.  The doctor looked up; his eyes saying that was too close.
“The patch…that was different…just chemicals—“
“I know…but you had to go through hell while they went to work.  Remember what Doc Givens told you?  ‘Imagine climbing a mountain…that’s how the dopamine sponge works.  It’s easy at first, then the hill’s steeper and you think you’ll never make it, you think you’re going to slip back, maybe even fall off.  Then, all of a sudden, if you can just hold on, you’re there.  You’re at the top.  And that’s when the view is so great.  You’ve finally made it.  You just have to have faith, faith that there is a top up there somewhere…”
“You always had…a better memory…than me, son.”
Johnny gritted his teeth.  If only I could go inside…I could smash those bastards for good…yank the lot of ‘em out of Dad and give him his mind back.  He knew what his father was feeling, what it was like to have a billion needles jabbing into the back of your head, what it was like to have a puppet’s arms and legs, jerking out of control so hard you were lucky you didn’t break a bone.  
The truth was he’d done a hell of a lot of growing up, after his mom had died.  That had been 2047, just a few days after he’d graduated from Pueblo Netschool, two days after his Worldnet wizard Katie Gomez had awarded him a citation for excellent work.  Mr. and Mrs. Winger had been so proud of their son.  Then Ellen Winger had driven to Colorado Springs, just visiting friends, bragging about her boy.  On the drive back late at night, her car had been sideswiped by a truck and she’d lost control.  The police had estimated the ravine was about seven hundred feet deep…there hadn’t been much left of the car when it stopped rolling.
Those four years from ’47 to ’51, had been hell for Johnny, for the whole family.  Mr. Winger had been devastated by the loss; in some ways, you never got over something like that…you just wore the pain like an old shirt, eventually, even deriving a bit of comfort from the hurt, like a scab that wouldn’t go away.  Each of them—Mr. Winger, Johnny, his brother Bradley, his sister Joanna, dealt with grief in their own way. 
For Mr. Winger, that meant long hours alone in his barn, behind the house.  He’d always been a tinkerer, and the barn had long been his lab and shop.  Now, without his wife, he just tinkered with a ferocity they’d never seen before, seldom coming out except for dinners and essential matters.  Jamison Winger had made a lifetime of working on inventions and gizmos and gadgets that never had any future and he did so with a single-minded determination now that was at times a little scary.  
For most of that four-year period, at least until Jamison Winger had gotten the patch treatment for depression, Johnny and Brad and Joanna had pretty much run the ranch business.  Johnny had put off any further thoughts of more school and settled in with grim determination to learn the business of ranching through and through.
The most difficult time of all came in midsummer of ’50, when drought and low beef prices caused the Winger kids to have to sell off more than half of the North Bar Pass Ranch to a resort developer.  The developer then proceeded to put in place a faux ‘dude’ ranch-Wild West showplace called Highhorn, catering to rich city people.  Johnny had hated himself for agreeing to that decision ever since.  Just seeing the stylized Highhorn signs and billboards and all the para-sailors wafting overhead on mountain thermals near the ranch perimeter made him sick.
“Dad—“ he called through the flickering bioshield.  “I’ve got to go on another mission…we’re fighting Shiva, same as you are.  I wish I could stay—we’ve got equipment that would help…but—“
Jamison Winger smiled up gamely at his son.  “A lot of people…a lot…are depending on you, son.”
“You depend on me, too, sir.”
Mr. Winger nodded.  “I always have…since your mother died.  Come closer—did I ever tell you—“
Johnny bent down as close as the shield bots would let him.
“—tell you…” he stopped, shuddered for a moment, then squeezed his lips into a tight line and fought back against the wave of pain—“did I ever…tell you I know…what you did…what you did with old Bailey--?”
Bailey?  He hadn’t thought of the old flyer for several years.  Bailey had been his favorite pet, a constant companion out on the ranch, helping him herd the cattle to and from their grazing fields.  
“Dad…where is old Bailey…what’s he doing?”
Mr. Winger shook his head, or was it a shudder?  It was hard to tell.  “Bailey’s crapped out…just sitting in the corner of the barn.  Needs a new motor…fandrive gave out, son.  When I opened…him up, I saw what you’d done—the new sensors and stuff…really souped him up, you did—“
“—I loved old Bailey, Dad…we were close, like brothers.”
“I know…” Something pained Jamison Winger.  His lips twitched, words ready to spill out, but held back somehow.  Another spasm?  He looked over at Dr. Hassan.  “—I know, son.  Come…” his hands beckoned Johnny closer.  But the bioshield buzzed, keeping them apart.  “—I wasn’t very good, son…I’m sorry…I wasn’t a very good father—“
“What are you saying?  You taught me a lot…you were—“
“—always in the shop…always in the barn, wasn’t I?”  His father tried to force a brave smile, but gave up.  “Kind of like Bailey…I just… sort of crapped out.  Gave up the ghost.”
“Don’t say that, Dad—“ he looked at Hassan again.  Was it the ‘cytes?  Was it Shiva, squeezing some circuit, making him say things?  Maybe the patch was wearing off.  “Don’t be silly…you taught me how to work on things.  That’s how I got Bailey all fancied up.  He could fly circles around any other bot out there.”
Mr. Winger closed his eyes, sighed, his forehead wrinkles finally relaxing.  “I love you, son.  I’m…very proud…very proud of you.”
Dr. Hassan had been driving a flock of neurocytes through Jamison Winger’s limbic system the whole time.  He didn’t like what he was seeing.
“I’m sorry…I think it’s best if you leave now, Colonel.  I’m going to have to replicate more, expand my zone of operation a bit.  The infestation’s spreading—see for yourself.  I’m afraid the buggers are into the limbic striatum…volition and intentionality circuits.  He may not—“ Hassan stopped, waggled his hand, not quite willing to go on.  
Johnny Winger swallowed hard, watched his father lying inside the bubble, seemingly at peace.  But a war was raging inside his skull and the outcome was in doubt.  Winger wiped away a tear.  Instinctively, he touched the shield, until the bots pressed back.  He knew he couldn’t touch his father.  That made it worse.
“I’ve got to go, Dad.  Got a mission.  Fight ‘em…fight the buggers hard.  I’ll be fighting ‘em too.  At least, we can be together that way.”  He turned to leave.  “I want to be kept up to date on his progress, Doc—“
Hassan gave him the net address.  “I’ll post anything new.  Any changes, I promise you’ll know.”
That was good enough.  Johnny Winger took a last, tearful look at Jamison Winger.  His arms were shriveled like old tree branches.  Every few seconds, as the S Factor bots steadily took over, he shuddered and a low moan escaped his lips.
Johnny Winger couldn’t watch any longer.  He screwed his eyes tightly shut to choke off more tears and left the room.  
One way or another, I’ll lick this bastard menace, if it’s the last thing I do.  

He flew back to Mesa de Oro to give General Linx a full debriefing on Operation Quantum Shadow, not knowing that in a few months he and 1st Nano would be deeply engaged in a desperate struggle for survival against the Better Angels that were even now being grown in a distant Red Harmony lab.
After the debriefing, Winger went looking for Stella D’Garza, who had left hurriedly after their meeting with Linx.  He found Angel Barnes in the detachment ready room fixing an actuator on her hypersuit.
“She said she was headed into town, Colonel…that’s all I know.  Probably that bar at Obrador Inn.  Every atomgrabber hangs out there from time to time.”
Winger gave that some thought.  “I’ll catch up with her later.  The General gave me some disturbing news from Q2.  Lofton just put out an advisory about some new angels sighted in several cities in east Asia…angels like no has ever seen before.”

"So where are you going…all dressed up like a preacher?" asked Angel Barnes.  
D’Garza was acutely aware the Detachment figured an IC's place was with her unit.  But it couldn't be helped--she had to be on time.
"Merida, if you must know.  Got an appointment."  She winked and headed for the door.
"She's getting drunk and then getting laid…that's the real story," Sherm Cuddy figured.  “Got her old face back and wants to show it off.”  They ribbed her some more until she waved and ducked out into the humid early fall night.  If they want to think that, so much the better.  
Stella D’Garza had another mission altogether.
The small town of Merida was a short ride from Mesa de Oro and D’Garza would have enjoyed the early evening jaunt on the turboscooter--the air was fresh with the scent of jacaranda and a steady breeze was flowing through the tapang and screwpine trees of Yucatan’s la selva forest--but the truth was she was nervous, even anxious about the meeting.  
She hadn't done exactly as the agreement called for and she knew there would be questions.  She just hoped the inquiry stopped with questions.  She figured she'd use the ride down to the town to come up with some answers.
Merida was a thirty-minute ride, out the main gate at Kraft Field—the Mesa's parade ground and drill field--down a winding road through the forest to Highway 7.  Merida Road itself ran a serpentine course, switching back and forth along the crest of the ridge overlooking the treetops to the north, a narrow two-lane blacktop dark as a black bear, until it peeled off south toward the town itself.  The north fork went up Gallegos Road, through a valley and tunnel complex the nogs had long ago called The Notch, to the Test and Wargaming Range several kilometers away, atop a bare mesa lost in wispy wreaths of cloud and mist.  
D’Garza enjoyed the early evening cruise as best she could, cranking the scooter up to nearly a hundred and twenty, leaning left and right as she steered on through the humid air toward the outskirts of town, and the rustic hotel known as Obrador Inn, where her appointment was undoubtedly waiting impatiently.  She was already late—that damned briefing for Linx-- and it was dark, save for the bowl of stars overhead, and the faint glow of the base behind her.  She was glad the road was mostly deserted.
She didn't want to answer any more questions than necessary.
Obrador Inn was a faintly shabby, plaster and stucco lodge of a hotel, nestled in the woody brow of a small valley off the main road, a mile or so before Highway 7 broadened into Main Street, which was lined with gift shops, bait and tackle joints and boating and scuba suppliers.  The pale blue glow of a parasailing shop, closed for the evening, threw enough light across the road, so she found the turnoff readily enough.  She tried not to let the hologram windsailers circling over the intersection distract her.
She sped down the decline toward a parking lot, parked the scooter in the shadows, somehow feeling comfort in a cloak of anonymity and walked from the autocab stand where she had left the bike, toward a narrow trash-filled street behind, lined with small shops in stucco and peeling plaster.  Broken down bots and pieces of bots lined the gutters.  Rusting drone carcasses were scattered about.  Cats screeched and dogs barked.  Puddles of rain water attracted hordes of flies and mosquitos.
Senor Obrador’s hotel and tienda was at the end of the street.  The place was a fleabag tourist trap, a waypoint for clueless tourists on their way up to the Kokul-gol Mayan ruins.
Shelves of canned goods and sacks of corn meal and flour lined the walls.  The cash register was brass, a relic of the mid-20th century.  Senor Obrador was inside, short, squat, pallid with a black moustache and a sun hat, which he kept on even inside.  The stump of a well-chewed cigar angled from the corner of his mouth, along with a few dribbles of spit.
“Ah, Yanqui, no?  Norteno?  Como puedo ayurdarle?  How can I help you?”
Through the windows inside, the bar and restaurant shone with boozy conviviality, laughter and cantina music spilling out through the front doors.  
As instructed, as she had several times before, she went to Registration and secured a room for the rest of the night.  Number 127, the Juarez wing and would she be needing any help with her luggage, senora, we do have bellhop service--
D’Garza ignored the offer and went looking for the room.  She turned up and down several corridors, crossed a breezeway to another building and eventually stumbled upon Room 127.  She unlocked it and went inside.
She waited, uneasily, for about half an hour.
As before, the knock, when it came, was soft, almost inaudible.
"Housekeeping--" purred an accented voice.
D’Garza let the woman in, shutting the door quickly behind her.  The lights were low in the room, only a single lamp over the bed lit.  The staff woman was Oriental.  Chinese, perhaps, from the look of her.
D’Garza hadn't seen her before.  She was short, petite, straight black hair tied in a severe bun.  Her maid's outfit was impeccable: white skirt and apron, white shoes, black and white blouse and latex gloves.
She glared coldly at D’Garza.  "You're late."
The Sergeant attempted a shrug, but realized it wasn't visible in the shadows.  "Couldn't be helped…the unit’s getting ready to deploy again…to Paris.  Colonel cancelled all liberty…I had to beg and lie for this.”
Her real name was Wei Ming, but D’Garza didn't know this.  Nor did she ask.  It was understood that identities weren't important.  Only results were important.  That much was understood quite well.
Wei Ming pursed her lips, paced deeper into the black of the room.  She drew the shades aside, scanned outside, satisfied, she came back, partially into the light.  Her face was a half moon, pale and unblemished as a ceramic figurine.  "We know all this. Why?"
D’Garza watched her, hoping to detect something, some inkling of where she stood with them.  Maybe a twitch, a clench of her fist, but there was nothing.  "It's a penetration mission, this time.  Fully covert.  We’ve got recon assets scouring several places.  Once we know where the--" she hesitated, hunting for the right words, “—where Symborg is located—the master at least-- we engage.  Quantum Corps is in charge.”
"Mmm."  A question or a statement?  She wasn't sure. 
D’Garza found the silences uncomfortable.  "They don't have a firm connection yet.  Just suspicions."
"That is enough."  Wei Ming's face hardened.  "What happened at Pamirsha?  You were supposed to have stopped them--"
D’Garza knew that was coming.  She'd spent hours, trying out different answers, none of them any good.  Quietly, resigned, she explained the Quantum Shadow mission inside the base, what had happened at Parmisha, how Colonel Winger--damnable Winger--had managed somehow to grab the X-Shiva master bot before it could be activated.  She tried to put a spin on the story, a certain inevitability, factors beyond my control, I wasn't prepared for--but Wei Ming brushed her off and went pacing again, this time more abruptly.
When she came back into the light, her face was no longer a half moon.  It had morphed into a hard, impassive mask, a carnival mask, an angry clown.  Was it the light…maybe nanoderm patches changing with her mood?  She'd heard of the trick--
"This is no good," she said.  The undulations on her cheeks and forehead seemed to settle down, take on a firmness.  "If Quantum Corps' got one of our mechs, that's no good at all."  She frowned.  It was almost a relief to see a normal gesture, something she understood.  "With one of our mechs, they'll surely develop countermeasures."
"It will take some time--"
Now she was visibly angry.  The skin kneaded itself into a hard fist, making her cheeks bulge slightly like a lioness with fresh kill in her mouth.  "They're not stupid, D’Garza.  Don't make that mistake.  You've made enough already."  She was thinking, her cheeks returning to normal planes, sleek and alabaster.  "The cover story, the maskirovka, must be allowed to play out.  The Project depends on it."
D’Garza had heard of The Project before.  She wanted to ask, but she decided against it.  But she was curious.
"Maybe if I knew more about--"
But Wei Ming wasn't listening.  She had new instructions from Red Harmony.  "You're being paid well for your services, Sergeant.  Yet you continue to fail us."
"I can't work miracles."
"Leave the miracles to us.  Just do your part."  There was an unmistakable menace--had her voice changed timbre?  An echo, a frequency shift, multiple tones superimposed.  She shook her head.  Had Red Harmony mastered that too?
Wei Ming went on.  "You must sabotage any more efforts against Symborg.  Winger and ANAD must not be allowed to interfere with the Project.  This is a critical time now."
D’Garza's throat constricted.  No…it was a normal reflex.  She told herself that, reassured herself she still controlled her own throat muscles.  "That's not the agreement.  I agreed only to provide intelligence, not perform sabotage.  It's too dangerous."
Wei Ming was stern.  Nanoderm rolled across her face, an earthquake of skin, reflecting her emotions.  "Your mission is changed.  You'll be paid well for your work…if it is successful.  We've always paid well, have we not?"
D’Garza nodded glumly.
She reached into her apron, withdrew a tiny wafer.  She placed it in D’Garza's hand.  She willed her palm to remain still.
"It is a small bug.  Load it into Winger’s kernel, in his processor.  It will weaken him, subtly, a little at a time. This will make it harder for Quantum Corps to counter us.  Install this at the right time--you will be signaled when.  And keep sending intelligence back…the usual way."
She vanished from the room almost before D’Garza realized she was gone, blending into the shadows.  She stayed a few minutes more, breathing rhythmically, testing arms, legs, facial muscles.  Making sure she still had control of herself.  Red Harmony did that to people.
Then she left the Obrador Inn and sped back to Mesa de Oro.  
It was near midnight when she parked the turbo outside Mission Prep.  She walked through stiff breezes across the quadrangle to the Barracks, right in the center of the base.  Outside her quarters, she ran into Angel Barnes and Sherm Cuddy, having a smoke, huddled together to shield themselves from the wind, beneath the overhang.
Barnes was contemptuous.  "What happened, D’Garza?  Bastard wouldn't put out for you?"
The hard drive along Highway 7 had helped D’Garza clear her mind.  She snorted.  "I left him panting…for more.  He couldn't get enough of what I have."
"Right," said Barnes.  Whatever the hell that is.
D’Garza went inside the Barracks.  Time was short.  The liftjets for Paris would be leaving tomorrow.

END










About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  He recently retired but worked for nearly 25 years for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 29 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 kilometers a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one terribly spoiled Pekingese dog named Chance. 
     For technical and background details on his series Time Jumpers, Tales of the Quantum Corps and Quantum Troopers, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
     To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how his many series were created, recent reviews, excerpts from upcoming books and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
      Download the next exciting episode of Quantum Troopers Return from Smashwords.com and other fine ebook retailers.  It’s called ‘The Better Angels.’  Available on October 9, 2020.






 

