Quantum Troopers Return
Episode 9: The Better Angels
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2020 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

A few words about this series….

Quantum Troopers Return is a series of 25,000-30,000-word episodes detailing the adventures of Johnny Winger and his experiences as a quantum trooper with the United Nations Quantum Corps.  This series continues the original serial stories of Quantum Troopers, Episodes 1-22 (formerly Nanotroopers).
Each episode will be about 40-60 pages, approximately 30,000 words in length.
A new episode will be available and uploaded every 4 weeks.
There will be 10 episodes.  The story will be completely serialized in about 12 months.
Each episode is a stand-alone story but will advance the greater theme and plot of the story arc.  
The main plotline: U.N. Quantum Corps must defeat the criminal cartel Red Harmony’s efforts to use their nanorobotic ANAD systems for the cartel’s own nefarious and illegal purposes. 
Uploads will be made to www.smashwords.com on approximately the schedule below:

Episode # (*)	Title					Approximate Upload Date
1 (23)		‘Fab Lords’					2-7-20
2 (24) 		“Free Fall’					3-6-20
3 (25)		“Forbidden City”				4-3-20
4 (26)		“Deep Encounter”				5-8-20
5 (27)		“HAVOC”					6-12-20
6 (28)		“The Empty Quarter”				7-10-20
7 (29)		“The Hellas Paradox”				8-14-20
8 (30)		“Twist Pirates”				9-11-20
9 (31)		“The Better Angels”				10-9-20
10 (32)		“The Ship of Theseus”			11-13-20

(Note *: Episode numbers start with Episode 1 in this new series but the continuation of episode numbers from Quantum Troopers is also provided)


Chapter 1: “A Robotic Messiah”

“The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.”

									Abraham Lincoln
									March 4, 1861

Nairobi, Kenya
Campaign Rally at Kibera Fields
September 10, 2067
1900 hours

	For Evelyn Ndinka, the rally for candidate Julius Akamba was the biggest thing she had ever seen in Kibera.  The Solnet reporter hoisted herself up on a pile of trash, balancing herself precariously, as she steered the fleet of dronecams about Kibera Fields, gathering footage for her report.
	“Cam Three and Four, come left and drop down to ten meters…get me some footage of the stage and the podium…it really stands out.”  Several hundred meters above, the twin ornithopters wheeled about and took up their new headings.  Ndinka watched the image on her wristpad.  “That’s good…that’s good, right there.  Edit can add sound and graphics later…Jesus, Mary and Joseph, what a shot.  The stage and lights, right in the middle of a sea of tin-roof shacks.  There must be half a million people here.”
	Indeed, the vast slumland of southwest Nairobi, hadn’t hosted a gathering this large in decades.  Julius Akamba, the Assimilationist candidate, would be there, just days before the big election.  But Ndinka knew it wasn’t Akamba that was the real draw.   It was the candidate’s front man and staff aide…Symborg.  People shrieked and fainted for Symborg.  That’s why they had come. 
	The Solnet reporter steered dronecam four closer to the stage.  “Hover and zoom in…I want to get those assimilator booths…there’s already a queue outside.”   The ‘copter obeyed and took up a tight hovering orbit some ten meters over a line of coffin-shaped booths along one side of the stage.  The booths were already working, already taking in volunteers.  People were pushing and shoving in a ragged line just beyond some barriers, barely contained by a platoon of khaki-clad Kenya Police.  One man, Inspector Shadrick Nziri, barked out commands to his force on a megaphone.
	The rally was set to begin at 7 pm, according to the flyers and brochures that had littered Nairobi for days.  But already the assimilators were at work, manned by volunteers.  Ndinka manipulated her wristpad controls and Cam Four zoomed in tight, picking up the sweaty, ecstatic faces in the queue.  The first in line was a heavy-set woman.  Ndinka fiddled with the audio, caught snatches of words over the roar of the crowd.
	“…name is, ma’am?”   The assimilator tech wore a light blue uniform.  His nameplate read Gavin.
Her name was Anna Ngombe.  She was tall, maybe with a bit of Masai in her, proud, a bit fluttery and nervous.  She grinned sheepishly as one of Gavin’s men helped her into the assimilator booth.
“A great day,” she muttered.  “Great day...so proud.”
Gavin sat at a console just outside the booth, while another tech helped Anna inside and made her comfortable on the seat.  The tech shut and latched the door, pressing a button to begin the seal and containment process.  In seconds, a tight bot-proof seal had been formed around the interior of the booth, a barrier formed of electron injectors and a dedicated botscreen.
“Let’s do it,” the tech told Gavin.  Gavin pressed buttons.
 Inside the booth, a fog had formed…that was the first layer of nanobots released into the compartment.  Anna disappeared into the fog, only a leg and a shoulder could be seen.
	The fog thickened.  A faint buzz could be heard from inside the booth.  Evelyn Ndinka steered the dronecam in closer, hovering only a few meters over the scene, like a giant gnat, watching as the cloud of bots inside the booth thickened.  More and more bots were released and replicated, swelling to fill every cubic millimeter of the booth. 
	Anna didn’t move.  Ndinka zoomed in through the front porthole on her right leg.  At first, it was unchanged, a smooth black leg with a section of her print dress showing, hitched up just above her knee.  But even as she watched, the black of her skin had begun to fade.  In moments, it was almost gray, like the fog itself, oscillating between darker and lighter, but still gray.  Then the gray became a translucent shimmer, almost like a ghost, flickering slightly, but growing ever dimmer.  Her shoulder was the same.  
	Anna Ngombe was slowly but steadily being disassembled.   She was being steadily broken down into a pattern, a pattern of atoms and molecules.
The end came softly, almost as if the woman were walking away in a light rain.  Her body, the physical Anna Ngombe, began to fade inside the booth.  At first, it had been barely perceptible, just a faint blurring of her skin, her extremities, a smearing of her legs and shoulder, as if a photo had lost contrast.  
	In time, and the time was less than five minutes, Anna Ngombe had devolved—that was the commonly accepted word now—into a nearly translucent shadow, still recognizable in form, but without substance.  You could see right through the form and the shadow to the other side of the booth.
And then she was gone.  Enveloped and enmeshed and at one with the greater swarm of nanobotic mechs that Symborg would soon be calling forth.
 Evelyn Ndinka swallowed hard… steering DroneCam Four away from the booth.  She muttered into her lip mike: Rotate and hold…I want shots of the faces in the queue…”  The cam obeyed and soon her wristpad screen was filled with joy, ecstasy, laughter, joking…whatever you wanted to call it.
The woman known as Anna Ngombe had just let herself be disassembled into atom fluff.  And behind her, people were jostling in line to be next.
Involuntarily, Evelyn Ndinka shuddered.  She would never understand Assimilationists.
Something was happening.  The crowd was stirring.  Ndinka craned her head, trying to see over the mass of humanity.  It looked like a wave surging and sloshing back and forth between islands of tin-roof shacks and rubbish piles.  Imagery flickered on her wristpad.  Men were mounting the stage.  Serious men in dark suits and white open-neck shirts. 
That’s when she saw him.  
Of course, Ndinka knew all the stories about Symborg: that he wasn’t human, just an angel, a para-human swarm of nanobots, a cloud of bugs.  Still, she found herself shoved and jostled as the crowd surged forward.  She steered the dronecams closer for a tight shot, muttering “In tight, on his face, hover at twenty--“  She checked the shot on her wristpad, found it good.
Julius Akamba was hard to miss.  Wide as he was tall, blacker than coal, he strode up onto the stage and raised both hands in a victory salute, beaming at the crowd that now lapped against the stage and the police cordon like ocean waves in a storm.  Beside him were more staff people.  Symborg was to his right, there to lead the introductions to the candidate, to whip the crowd into furious adulation.
Ndinka found herself shoved forward like a raft adrift, until she was nearly impaled on the baton of a policeman at the stage.  Quickly, she flashed her press pass and was shoveled off to the side.  Her arms were pinned by the crush and she couldn’t reach her wristpad controls.  The story would have to go with the shots the dronecams were getting now.
Symborg acknowledged the crowds with a wave and moved to the center microphone.  The angel was good, Ndinka could see that.  Very few edge effects…often, angels fuzzed out at their extremities, where the swarm didn’t have good config control.  This one was tight and dense over its entire surface…only an occasional pop or flash in the torso area, one or two in the face, gave away the fact that the angel was a para-human, a swarm of nanobots configged to look human.  In stature, he was a smallish man, dark of color but that could be easily enough changed.  His height contrasted with Akamba’s beefy frame, and his face was dominated by a black moustache.
“PEOPLE OF KIBERA…THE TIME HAS COME FOR A CHANGE….”  His voice boomed out across the rally ground and the crowd grew more and more frenzied, pressing ever tighter against the police cordon.  
“AND THIS MAN…THIS JULIUS AKAMBA…WILL BRING THAT CHANGE…THIS MAN, PEOPLE OF KIBERA…THIS MAN IS YOUR MAN, THIS MAN IS YOUR CANDIDATE….”
Now, as if by unspoken agreement, Akamba and his staff receded into the background and Symborg dominated the stage.  The angel worked the crowd like a practiced stage actor.  
“PEOPLE OF KIBERA…WHAT IS IT THAT ASSIMILATION BRINGS?”
The response roared up out of the crowd like a thing alive.
“PEJERU…PEJERU…PEJERU!!”
A radiant smile came to Symborg’s face, beamed by cameras to screens throughout the rally ground. 
“Peace.  Ecstasy.  Joy.  Enlightenment.  Rapture.  Unity with the Mother Swarm.  You are right!”
The crowd roiled and throbbed like a frenetic horde, as one, surging again and again against the stage and the police barricade.  Beside the stage, Kenya Police Inspector Shadrick Nziri barked more commands into a wristphone, re-deploying his men to tighten the barrier.
Symborg went on.  “This man--“ he swept his arm toward Julius Akamba, who stepped forward to the microphone, a well-scripted and rehearsed bit of choreography “--this man will bring all that Assimilation can offer to you.”  He wrapped his arms around Akamba’s shoulders and drew him closer and it was only a few moments later that Evelyn Ndinka realized that subtle changes had come over Symborg’s face.  The morphing was so well done that no one detected it, but by the time the angel had embraced the beaming candidate, the face of Symborg was gone and the man now hugging the candidate was Jomo Kenyatta himself, or least a passable config of the father of modern Kenya.  
Stage cameras zoomed in to capture the moment.  Ndinka wrestled an arm free to make sure her own dronecams did the same.  
Symborg, now morphed and configged to resemble the great Kenyatta, beamed and vigorously hugged Akamba, the Founder himself endorsing this candidate as “the best man for the future of Kenya.”
Ndinka couldn’t help but be impressed.  Akamba’s handlers had perfected the stage show to use Symborg’s talents, linking Kenya’s past, the beloved Kenyatta himself with the new candidate.  It was a symbolic point lost on no one.
Symborg went on, now releasing Akamba, who retreated to a position on the side of the stage.  The angel went to a bag held by one of Akamba’s aides and withdrew a handful of dirt, which he raised for all to see.  By the time he had done this, the Kenyatta morph was gone, and his face subtly altered back to its original config.  Or was it the original?  Ndinka couldn’t be sure.  She suspected the crowd didn’t care.  They were mesmerized, enthralled.  And they wanted more.
“The soil of Kenya!” Symborg announced.  “This is what Assimilation brings…this is what Julius Akamba brings!”  Even as he spoke and the cameras zoomed in, Symborg’s right hand morphed from a palm with five fingers into a fuzzy, swarming cloud of bots.  The bots swelled and enveloped the dirt in his hand.  Unseen by the crowd, the bots slammed atoms and formed a faint but rapidly filling apparition that grew like a plant in fast-motion out of Symborg’s hand.
In moments, the apparition had solidified enough to be visible…and recognizable.  It was Kenyatta again, this time ‘in the flesh.’  The bots that Symborg spalled off from his hand grabbed atoms from nearby and assembled a reasonable facsimile of the ‘father of modern Kenya.’
The crowd roared its approval.
Symborg approached the mike again and told them how Julius Akamba loved Kenya, no less than Kenyatta.  How he loved his family and tribe, how he lived and breathed Kenya and always would.  From down in front of the stage, Evelyn Ndinka wriggled an arm free and pressed a few buttons on her wristpad, zooming in for an extreme closeup on the faux-Kenyatta, then on Symborg himself.  
Is that sweat on his forehead? She wondered if angels could even do that, then decided it was like everything else at the rally…part of the show.  What she didn’t see was the faint trail of bots that drifted off Symborg’s hand and down into the crowd itself.
Symborg continued his magic, his blurry hand by turns a cloud of bots, a magic wand, a djinn granting wishes, mesmerizing the crowd, plucking their emotions like a mandolin, first rising, then falling, cresting and receding.  He was a master showman…Ndinka had to admit. 
What Ndinka didn’t know was how well Symborg knew his crowd.  The bots he had loosed into the crowd, unseen, were now embedded in the heads of scores of nearby faithful.  
	Even as he dazzled the crowd, Symborg was receiving feeds from the bots that many of them had already ingested.  A faint pall of fog wafted off the stage, sending more and more bots into recon mode among the rally.    Processor module ANALYZE GLUTAMATE PATTERN MATCHING received results from the nanobotic sleuths even now burrowing into their brains, sniffing along highways of equal glutamate concentration, rebuilding memories from their chemical residues. 
	Algorithms ran and massaged the data from the bots.  The crowd was hooked, in synch with Symborg.  Patterns were matched with high confidence.  Symborg saw snatches of memory, fragments of images…large crowds, banners and dancers, a train creeping into a station, belching smoke, brakes squealing.  Some kind of rally, somewhere else.  
	All this the crowd gave up to the bots in their brains, and to Symborg, who smiled back and went on with the rally.  Behind him, the candidate Julius Akamba beamed, and scanned the surging crowd uneasily.  
	Now Symborg made config changes and the Kenyatta ‘angel’ began morphing once again.  The din began to subside.  Heads craned forward.  People jostled and shoved to see better.  Inspector Shadrick Nziri spoke into a lapel mike, calling up reinforcements for the police cordon.
	In moments, the Kenyatta angel had changed into something formless, a blazing, pulsating spherical ‘sun-like’ orb of nanobots.  It shone with the brilliance of a miniature star, throbbing in time with music issuing from speakers nearby.
	“This is what Julius Akamba means for Kenya…he is like Ngai, the Giver of All Things, an earthly reflection of the Mother Swarm.”
Then the orb evolved again, this time growing, swelling, taking on structure.  It became a small shelter, a composite shanty like the thousands that dotted Kibera.
“This--” he roared to the crowd, “this is what Julius Akamba and the Assimilationists can bring…this is what the Central Entity brings…shelter for all, food and life for all, embedded in the Great Mother Swarm.”  
And, as if to emphasize the point, the queues at the assimilator booths surrounding the stage grew and became gridlocked with even more people shoving and jostling to be next into the booths.
Evelyn Ndinka found herself shoved almost right onto the stage, pressed hard against the barriers, nearly face to face with a row of Kenya Police officers.  The officers were shoving back just as hard at the crowd, batons and shockwands flailing.  She wrestled her arm free and checked out the view from the dronecams on her wristpad.
The crowd was surging forward, frenetic, screaming and fainting, pressing against the stage like ocean waves battering a beach.  She was startled to see some of them climbing on the shoulders of others, launching themselves through the air.
This is mad, this is insane, she told herself.  Instinctively, she ducked down and started wriggling through tiny spaces and niches, close to the ground, worming her way away from the stage.  Self-preservation took over.  After a few moments, she found a void and surfaced, standing up between two obese women who were swaying and chanting as they gazed up at Symborg.
She steered Dronecam Four as close as she dared to the stage.  Symborg was performing more tricks, conjuring fantastic things from his bot-cloud hands like a true djinn.  In the background, the candidate himself had left his seat and squatted down at the edge of the stage to have words with Inspector Nziri.  Evelyn maneuvered the dronecam to catch what she could of the conversation.
It was clear Akamba was spooked by the intensity of the crowd.  Inspector Nziri had a warning for him.  The dronecam picked up snatches.
“…can’t hold this….-rimeter long…your people…the barrier won’t…could be a stampede--“
Akamba shook his head emphatically.  “No…no…no…this is for me.  These are my people--“
That’s when Shadrick Nziri shrugged, threw up his hands.  He got on his lapel mike, screamed commands to his force.  Evelyn could see what was happening around the stage.  The men of the Kenya Police were being crushed, swallowed by the great beast.  Nziri was pulling his men out.
Bit by bit, the police cordon shrank and contracted.  Now Symborg had finished and with a flourish, waved his arms toward Julius Akamba, who stood and beamed in the glow of the moment.  Akamba came to the mike, where Symborg embraced him.  The crowd roared.  The stage began to shake and the men stumbled momentarily.  Symborg retreated behind, toward a row of seats on the edge of the stage.  Akamba seized the mike. 
His amplified voice screeched with feedback and was drowned in the deafening roar of the crowd, which surged forward with renewed fury.  It was like a rock concert mixed with religious revival, amplified a thousand-fold.  The dronecams captured everything: people wailing, fainting, shrieking, even dying in the crush.  The crowd became a crazed, mindless thing.
And no one was paying any attention to Akamba.
Finally, in order to save the situation for the candidate, Symborg was forced to leave the platform, under escort.  As he did so, the crowd broke through the last barriers and pressed forward to try and touch the angel.  Just when it appeared Symborg and his police protective detail, led by Inspector Nziri, were about to be crushed to death in the surging crowd, Symborg did what angels can do…he dematerialized into a loose, amorphous swarm and disappeared in a faint puff, dissipating into the air above the stage.
Evelyn Ndinka captured the whole thing on dronecam video.
And the rest of the police detail was left to fight their way out of the crowd, who become even more agitated at the disappearance of their hero Symborg.  Soon, the stage collapsed completely and a full-scale riot had developed.

Beijing, China
Red Harmony headquarters (near the Ming Tombs)
September 15, 2067 (EUT)
0930 hours local

Stella D’Garza blinked her eyes awake and saw a fuzzy face hovering over her head.  As it became clearer, she saw the face was a male, olive-complexioned, with a thick black moustache.  She knew that face.
It was Theo Sovranamh.  Ruling Council of Red Harmony.
The Thai neurotraficante beamed down at her like a loving father.   “How do you feel now?”
D’Garza thought about that for a moment.  She had made the trip of her own volition, seeking…what, exactly?   This was Red Harmony and she had come into the belly of the beast of her own free will.  Maybe it was boredom?  A need for new adventures?  Surely not.  If you wanted adventures and a chance to make a difference, you couldn’t do better than Quantum Corps.
Recognition, perhaps?  Curiosity?  A deeply held desire to do something memorable, to stand out, to be remembered?
Maybe all that.  And things she couldn’t yet verbalize.  
“I have a headache.  Kind of achy all over.”
Souvranamh patted her forehead, which was slick with sweat.  “That’s normal.  Your body’s reacting to the halo in the usual way.  Trust me, it’ll pass.”
D’Garza blinked up at him.  “So that’s it?  I’m really in?”
“Not quite.  Nobody just joins the organization.   Once you signed the contract, certain…er, steps had to be completed.  The halo is just the first step.”
“I didn’t know there was more.”
Souvranamh smiled an unfriendly smile.  “After you recover, there’ll be more…treatments.”
“Treatments.”
“Nanoderm, to change your appearance.  Then there’s a test.  Sort of a final exam.”
“What kind of exam?”
“I don’t suppose it’ll hurt to fill you in on a few details.  Truth is, you’re valuable to us, but we don’t quite trust you.   You could be a Quantum Corps, plant, a double agent.  We have to be sure.” 
D’Garza thought about that for a moment.  Her head felt like it was full of cotton.  “So what do I have to do?”
Souvranamh said, “You know of Symborg?”
D’Garza squinted up at him.  “Symborg?  The pop star?”
“The one.  Pop star.  Evangelist.  Robotic messiah.  Choose your title.  The organization has had a sort of agreement with Symborg for quite some time.  He…or maybe I should it, since he’s just an angel…attracts hundreds of thousands to his rallies.  Assimilation and all that crap.  Some of his fans want to be deconstructed.  But some don’t quite want to take that step.  Symborg’s allowed us to set up our own booths next to his Assimilation booths.  We get thousands of new halo customers that way.  They sign up, make the payment and we put a halo in their heads.  Addiction by subscription.  A perfect business model, wouldn’t you say?”
“I suppose.  How do I fit in?”
Souvranamh cleared his throat, let a technician come into the room and fuss over a few measurements and scans, then leave.  He went on.
“We have sources inside Quantum Corps.  Surely you know this.  Our sources tell us that your atomgrabbers are planning a little operation soon.  UNIFORCE is scared of Symborg.  Some national governments don’t particularly like all their citizens being deconstructed by a cloud of bugs spewing some wacko philosophy.  There’s a price on Symborg now and your Quantum Corps is planning a little mission to corrupt the angel and make him look foolish, even ridiculous in front of his adoring millions.  Embarrass the bastard.  That’s where you come in.  Once we’re through with you here, you’re headed back to Quantum Corps.  You’ll be our inside source.  You have the disrupter?”
“The what?”
“The little device you got from your handler in Meridina.”
D’Garza remembered…the Obrador Inn…the housekeeping maid with the nanodermed face…the tiny wafer she had given D’Garza.  "It is a small bug.  Load it into Winger’s kernel, in his processor.  It will weaken him, subtly, a little at a time. This will make it harder for Quantum Corps to counter us.  Install this at the right time--you will be signaled when.  And keep sending intelligence back…the usual way."
“I think it’s in my bag.”
“Use this disrupter on Johnny Winger at the right moment.  It’ll corrupt his processor.  The disrupter emits random decoherence waves…messes up any quantum device in range.  He won’t be able to corrupt Symborg if he’s fighting off his own bots.”
Now D’Garza decided to sit up.  Souvranamh helped her, fluffed up some pillows to make her comfortable.  “But I don’t know about any mission.”
“You will.  The halo in your head is also a communication device.  Your handler—your contact—is someone you will know as Dragonfly.  They will give you all you need to know to do what must be done.”
D’Garza saw Souvranamh had withdrawn a small control pad in his right hand and was subtly working some buttons.  She did feel much better.  There came a delicious tingling in the back of her skull and she shivered with delight.  The Thai fab boss smiled back at her.
“Better?”
D’Garza nodded.  “Much better.”
“It’s your halo, stoking dopamine cascades inside your ventral tegmentum.  Just remember this…your halo delivers pain as well as pleasure.  It sniffs out glutamate concentrations in your memory areas, let’s us know what’d going on inside that pretty little head of yours.  Once you’re an associate, you’re one of us, every cell in your body and mind has to be devoted to the organization’s business.  You’ll stay here another day to recuperate.  Then you’ll be on your way back to your Quantum Corps.  Remember, it’s final exam time.  Don’t mess it up.”
With that, Theo Souvranamh left the room and D’Garza was alone.  She didn’t bother checking the door; she could already see the biobarrier bots forming around the exit.  
She sat back against the pillows and closed her eyes.  Well, girl, I guess you’ve gone and done it now.  A double agent.  A mole inside Quantum Corps.  Not quite what I had in mind when I lost my virginity to Ryan O’Keefe that hot, sweltering night.  Wonder what the Rye-guy’s doing now?  Probably not shilling for a band of crooks with whizbang technology and a blitzed-out customer base of millions.
What was it her mother had once told her…good girls always know the right thing to do?
D’Garza smiled at that memory, wondering just what her Mom would think of her choices now.

Stella D’Garza made the two-hour hyperjet flight from Beijing to LA in good order, then caught a local jet down to Benito Juarez Airport in Mexico City.  The lifter ride east to the Yucatan and the base at Mesa de Oro just about finished out her allotted two-week liberty time.
Striding across the open grounds past the PX and commissary, she was hailed by several troopers she knew.  
“Hope he was a hunk, Stella!” one yelled over some manicured hedges.  Snarky laughs and chuckles followed.
“I was expecting to see some kind of satisfied glow,” yelled another.  “You don’t even have a tan, girl.”
D’Garza just waved back.  “We never got outside!” she yelled.  That earned even more knowing looks and nods and some giggles.
She couldn’t linger around to bullshit with the others for her wristpad had chirped the moment the lifter had set down on the Mesa.  It was a summons…from Colonel Winger himself.
Briefing at 1400 hours…General Linx’s office…new tasking from UNSAC….
 She found Winger already there, with Lofton from Q2, the intel shop.  Linx was already running down specifics of a new mission.  The Teutonic lion waved her to a seat.
“Ah, Sergeant, glad you could finally make it,” he growled.  “Be seated.”  He pointed to some 3-D charts and tables dancing across his desk.  “It’s called Operation Quantum Crusader.”
For the next hour, with Linx running the show and even UNSAC—the Security Affairs Commissioner--vidconned in—the details of a new mission were carefully and meticulously laid out.
“The op comes right from the Secretary-General,” UNSAC was saying.  “Over two-thirds of the member states want something done about Symborg.  Every month, they’re losing millions to this menace.  Mass suicide by disassembly.  Twisted up with inserted halos.  It’s a public health crisis like no one has ever seen before.”  Evelyn Lumumba fiddled with her bone and ivory hairpiece.  UNSAC was an ebony-black Cameroonian woman of striking beauty, with fierce warrior eyes and bristly conical hair, adorned by an ivory and bone hairpiece that rattled when she turned her head.  She had conned in from UNSAC’s offices at the Quartier-General in Paris.  “The S-G wants something done…now.”
Linx picked up her cue.  “Both of you did yeoman work on that last op…Quantum Shadow.  That’s why I’ve paired you two again.  Here’s the gist: Symborg’s got a big rally coming up soon in Paris.  The gendarmerie estimate it could draw two million.  What with the Assimilation booths and other hangers-on, several hundred thousand people could be lost, deconstructed, twisted or halo’ed, whatever.  The Quantum Crusader mission will put you two in close proximity to Symborg at his hotel…the Louis XIV near the rally site…Place de la Concorde, I believe it is.  Colonel Winger will effect penetration of the Symborg angel and successfully insert a corrupted file into his main processor.  Sergeant D’Garza, your job is backup and protective screening.  While Winger’s running the penetration, inserting the malware, you’ll provide top cover, local surveillance and gather whatever intel you can on the inside works of Symborg’s organization, his security details, his contacts, anything you can grab.”
UNSAC cut in.  “We want this malware to so corrupt Symborg’s processor that he can’t function effectively.  If the General can bring this off, Symborg—the so-called robotic messiah—will turn out to have clay feet.  Either he won’t be able to go through with the rally…or he’ll so stumble and embarrass himself that the whole Assimilationist movement will be discredited.  Or ideally both.”
Linx added, “One of Symborg’s closest associates is a Kenyan woman named Roberta Ngombe.  Does advance work for his rallies.  Thanks to some friends of ours inside Kenya National Police, we snatched Ngombe right off the streets of Nairobi and tried to scan her well enough to develop a damn good angel likeness.  But she had some kind of protective screen, maybe a halo.  The scan’s not so good.  Colonel Winger here has the files.  He’ll have to do another scan, a better one—probably in Paris—and make himself look like Ngombe, to be able to get into close proximity, and then at the right time, the insert will be done.”
Winger interjected, “I’ve grown a barebones ANAD system for the Sergeant here to do her part of the mission, configured for recon and some protective abilities.  I’ll give her the files and the master bot after the briefing.  Willows has the ANAD master cooking away over in Containment.”
D'Garza’s head was spinning from all the details.  “Colonel, General, do we have a backup plan…in case things go south?”
Linx bore into her with fierce blue eyes.  His chair slammed down on the carpet as he sat upright.  “Things will not go south in this op, Sergeant.  We’re talking millions of lives here.  Winger here will run the Ngombe angel as outlined and the malware will be inserted.  There is no backup plan.”
D'Garza swallowed hard, caught Winger staring at her like she had two heads and, just momentarily, wondered.  Do they know?  Am I showing something?  Did they suspect?
Girl, get a hold of yourself.  
“Any further questions? Linx asked.  Without waiting for an answer, he went on.  “Full mission details, rules of engagement, conops and all that will be posted to your crewnet by the time you get over to Containment.”
“We’re ready, sir,” Winger announced.
D’Garza nodded, though she couldn’t quite make her mouth say the same words.

Inside the Containment bunker, D’Garza and Winger waited impatiently while technicians made her own ANAD system ready for extraction.  Willows went down the steps they had just completed this morning.
“It’s all been a big rush,” he complained.  “This is highly irregular, you understand.  You can’t make an ANAD processor like cooking up scrambled eggs.  First, there’s the core, the main memory, the buffers and config translator…then you’ve got all the crap on the actuator mast…after which—”
Winger held up a hand.  “Corporal, it’s okay.  We get it.  You did the impossible.  Just give Sergeant D’Garza here the files and the containment capsule.”
Willows was annoyed to be interrupted, but harrumphed and handed the capsule over.  “No guarantees, you understand.  I can’t promise everything will work per the design.”
“The damn thing will replicate, won’t it?”
Willows seemed hurt.  “Well, sure, Colonel, but—”
Winger grabbed the capsule right out of his hand and gave it to D’Garza.  “Thanks, Willows.  I’ll make a note about how you went above and beyond.”  To D’Garza: “Come on…we’d better get over to Mission prep.  We’ve got a flight to Paris tonight.”

Paris, France
September 21, 2067 (EUT)
1725 hours

Five blocks away from the Hotel Louis XIV where Symborg was staying, Roberta Ngombe came back to her own hotel, the Hotel August Comte, and made her way up to her fifteenth-floor room.  It was furnished like some kind of brothel, she had decided. Peach damask walls.  Lace curtains and doilies and Louis XIV chairs.  She had a lot of packing to do—she had to get moved into Symborg’s suite by 2000 hours to help the angel get ready for the big rally.
She stripped off her uniform and got the shower going with a voice command.  “Medium flow…spray one…hot…and what was that scent I liked--?”
“Amazon waterfall, ma’am…would you also like the air dry scented?”
“Negative…just the usual blast.”  She climbed in and let the stinging hot needles scour her face and shoulders.  
Shower over, Ngombe stepped out of the bathroom, toweling off her hair, when she noticed something odd.  Over by the door.  Was it smoke?  Was there a fire?  A faint twinkling fog had drifted into the room, was drifting inside she could now see, from around the door handle.
The hairs on the back of her neck stood up.  She knew instantly what that was. 
Roberta Ngombe scrambled for some clothing…a robe, a shirt, anything.  The fog swelled rapidly and billowed into the room, tendrils reaching the foot of the bed in seconds.  She didn’t have a weapon with her.  All she had was…nothing.
She dove for her wristpad…maybe she could hit the panic button…but she was a fraction of a second too late.  The first puffs of the swarm drifted over her right arm and right away, she screamed.  The mechs fell on her with relentless fury.  
In seconds, a miniature supernova welled up, flashing and writhing on top of the bed, sheets and pillows kicked and flying in all directions.  A small thunderstorm of nanobotic hell throbbed and sparkled and popped as the mechs began stripping atoms from atoms, disassembling the thing that had once been Roberta Ngombe.
The entire process lasted maybe twenty minutes.  At 1725 hours in Room 1525 of the Hotel August Comte, Roberta Ngombe had emerged from a hot shower clean and fresh and ready for hot tea and a cool dress.  At 1736 hours, the bed was still there.  A gray smoking residue of molecular ash remained in the bed, now no longer cool but scorched and torn by nearly half an hour of nanobotic hell. 
Roberta Ngombe was gone.  And the swarm that had been Johnny Winger had now taken her place.  It was all part of the plan.

Yet the process that had begun in her bedroom was not complete.  Even as faint wisps of air from the ceiling registers lofted errant dust particles into the air, the gray dust pile jittered and shook with a faint beat of life, newly forming life. 
The Winger swarm that had set upon Ngombe and rapidly consumed her had additional instructions to execute, embedded in its master assembler’s quantum processor.  A new configuration template was initialized and all replication counters set to zero.  The program proceeded with the same implacable determination as the disassembly and assimilation phase had proceeded.  The process would take many hours and it would consume most of the room furnishings as feedstock, but the configuration had already been determined and the program would be executed in full.
Hours later, the golden glow of an early evening Parisian sunset shone through the sheer gauze of lace curtains, dropping shafts of light on something new, something that had never existed before.
Outwardly, the new thing resembled Roberta Ngombe in every visible, measurable respect.  It had the same taut, wiry frame, with slightly bony shoulders but well-toned arms that spoke of hours in the fitness centers of hotels all over the world.  It had the same short jet-black hair, bobbed in the back, but cut page-boy style in the front, curling over dark brown eyes and a faint mole on her right cheek, just enough blemish to give texture to a smooth, mostly unfurrowed face.  The new thing stirred, lifted its perky little east African nose to the breeze and sat up, stretching new muscles with a luxurious yawn.
Assimilation was complete.  The new configuration had been loaded and feed atoms grabbed for several hours, building new structure, building new forms, into a complete para-human swarm likeness of the original.  What once had been a shy little girl from Nairobi who’d scratched and clawed and sweated and dreamed and finally made a life for herself in the officer ranks of Red Harmony had become an angel.  A ghost.  A near-perfect facsimile who would pass even close inspection.
Quantum Corps had done its homework.  The assimilation and replication algorithm approached perfection.  Memory, buffers, config translators, all processor elements had been laid down, moments after deconstruction had started.  The main platform and actuator mast had been formed.  Power cells and picowatt propulsors were added.  Sensors and actuators were built and grafted on, from pyridine probes and carbene grabbers to enzymatic knives, hydrogen abstractors and bond disrupters.  Triggers were laid in.  Growth medium was seeded.  The base systems were replicated.  Comm centers were learned in and all algorithms were initialized.  Response protocols were checked and verified.  Finally, just before the final wisps of Parisian sunshine had come streaming into Room 1525, all internal inhibits and constraints were lifted and all configs exercised one last time.
The Roberta Ngombe angel rose from the torn scraps of its bed, now fully clothed in a meticulously re-constructed outfit of dark skirt and lavender blouse.  Hand luggage and a purse were slung over its broad athletic shoulders.  The angel opened the door and went down the hall to the lift, then rode down to the hotel motor lobby.
“Taxi, madame?” asked the concierge at the taxi stand. "Ou voulez-vous aller?  Where to…?”  It was a cool, sunny late summer evening along the Rue August Comte and cabs were lined up along the sidewalks in a thrumming line of electric and hydro vehicles. 
The Roberta Ngombe angel indicated a wish to go to the Place de la Concorde, to a restaurant called Maison Metropole.  The angel knew that it needed to make a furtive rendezvous there, before entering the Hotel Louis XIV and Symborg’s suite.
A taxi was procured and the concierge helped the Ngombe angel into the back seat.  The angel, executing Branch 6225 of its Public Encounter and Response module, had already withdrawn a few euros for a tip and deposited them into the concierge’s waiting hand with a pleasant, if slightly vacant smile.
“Je vous remercie beaucoup, Madame.  Have a very nice day.”
The electric pulled away from the curb and sped off into heavy evening traffic.
The taxi driver did not suspect that his passenger was actually a swarm angel entity, masquerading as an advance official for the Symborg rally.  As he negotiated turns through the 5th Arrondisement toward the Boulevard St. Germaine, he occasionally stole surreptitious glances at his fare in the mirror.  He found her strikingly attractive, even exotic.  She had a certain glow to her skin, he decided.  As he maneuvered the taxi around construction barrels and parked cars and sped off toward the A-7 motorway, he began to ponder the possibility of something more intimate than just a taxi ride out to the Place de la Concorde.

Stella D’Garza fidgeted nervously as she sipped at her espresso, scanning the crowds building around the Rue Royale and the Quai des Tuileries, thickening toward the 2100 hours start of the huge Symborg rally.  No sign of Colonel Winger yet, though the Colonel had already told her that he would be coming in the guise of Symborg’s advance manager.
“This is going to be one hell of a gathering,” she muttered to herself.  Already, rigging crews were erecting long lines of booths along the south side of the square, booths that would serve both the Assimilationists and Red Harmony.  Involuntarily, she shuddered at the thought of what the Assimilationist booths would be doing in a few hours’ time.  To voluntarily walk in and let yourself be deconstructed—she shook her head and became aware of a shadow crossing her path.
She looked up to behold a young black woman, tall, athletic, clad in a stylish business suit of lavender with dark blue accents.  Uninvited, the woman sat down at the café table.
“D’Garza, don’t look so unhappy.  It’s me.  Winger.”
D’Garza blinked.  “Colonel?  I—that’s…well, sir, it’s amazing.  You’re amazing.  Damn perfect angel likeness, sir.”
Winger, as Roberta Ngombe, smiled at her.  “I couldn’t get her to stay still long enough, so I didn’t scan her. There was a protective shield so I just—”  
D’Garza understood.  “Casualties of war, sir.  It couldn’t be helped.”
Winger looked around at the thickening knots of pedestrians streaming into the square, past multiple barricades and stern rows of white-gloved gendarmarie.  “This one’s big, Sergeant.  And we’ve got a mission to execute.  You have the capsule?”
D’Garza reached into her purse and withdrew the containment capsule with her own ANAD master inside.  
Winger explained.  “Intel showed some pretty serious barrier nano around Symborg’s suite.  It’s better if I take the master out of containment and host it inside my shell.  Ngombe had a security pass to go inside the security zone, so I should be able to penetrate.   Once I’m inside, I’ll link up with you—quantum channel C, remember—and you’ll have control.  I’ll go after Symborg.  You recon the suite and grab whatever you can that looks useful.”
D'Garza felt a slight twinge in the back of her head, no doubt the halo squeezing something, just a reminder that she had duties beyond those of Quantum Corps.  A few minutes before Winger had showed up, Dragonfly had sent a surreptitious message, reminding her of her new duties.  “Understood, sir.  I’ll be reconning for intel we can use against Symborg…future plans, security protocols, configs for the master bot inside the scumbag, that sort of thing.  Also, I can render assistance if you need any help inside the Symborg swarm.”
“Exactly.”  Winger took the capsule, thumbed the cap to open and pressed the port against his neck.  A faint flickering puff showed the contents had been discharged.  The ANAD master  was even then making its way through the outer skin bots that comprised the Roberta Ngombe angel, heading for a secure pocket inside.  As a check, he had D’Garza open a command link to ANAD, which came back green.  “Okay, the link’s good.  This gives you full control of ANAD.  When I give the word, you drive ANAD out of my pocket and start snooping.”
“Understood, sir.  Good luck.”
Winger had already stood up.  “Piece of cake, Sergeant.  Just like Pamirsha and Shiva with Quantum Shadow.  You and me make a kick-ass team.    Stay here for five minutes while I head off to the hotel.  You’ve already got a room nearby?”
“One floor below, sir.  I’ll be in position, ready to tango, when you enter his suite.”
With that, Johnny Winger, now angelized into a Kenyan woman named Roberta Ngombe, disappeared into the crowds.   
 D’Garza timed her exit and swallowed hard, as she pushed through throngs and hordes and mobs of onrushing crowds swelling around the square.  She knew this would be tricky.  She had a mission from Quantum Corps but she also knew this was final exam time for the cartel.  She could still back out, though her halo would make her feel like hell if she tried that.  No, she had come this far.  Never say Stella Anne D’Garza was a quitter.  You could count on Stella D’Garza to complete the mission.
Even when the mission involved compromising a dangerous Quantum Corps op and putting the life of a fellow atomgrabber in mortal danger.
The moment she told herself that, the halo squeezed again, reminding her to stay the course.
She headed down the Rue Royale for the Hotel Louis XIV more determined than ever, biting her lips to keep the pain from the halo under control.

The room she had been given was Second Empire, full of damasks and brocades and tapestries, sumptuous as a queen’s abattoir, but D’Garza didn’t care about that.  She set herself to work at a table by the window, drawing shades down to just a slit.  Again, she checked the link back to ANAD.  Still green.  
When the time came, she would take control of the ANAD bots and proceed to interfere with Winger’s attempt to insert the malware files into Symborg’s master bot, interfere the best way she could.  If that worked, her instructions were to make her way through the crowds outside and head off to toward the Musee de l’Orangerie, on the other side of the square.  Though the museum was closed, she was to make herself visible around the front entrance.  Someone from Red Harmony would contact her there.  With any luck, she would pass the final exam.  After that, Stella D’Garza would activate her own nanoderm and disappear forever, no longer an atomgrabber for the Corps but a full-fledged operative for the cartel itself.
The waiting was the hardest part.
One floor up, Roberta Ngombe negotiated the security barrier, passed through multiple biometric scans and checks, and entered the inner chambers of Symborg’s suite.  She found the so-called Robotic Messiah on a wristpad comm session with distant aides, no doubt details for the upcoming rallies in Brussels and London.  
Symborg noticed Ngombe and motioned her over to a divan, sit, sit, I’ll be with you in a moment.  He hung by a window scanning the hordes assembling along the Rue Royale below, arguing vociferously with someone on his wristpad.
“No…no…no…we can’t do it that way.  There can’t be any barriers that close…people want proximity to their hero…just see that they get the word, okay—”
Winger studied the angel Symborg closely, as he shuffled about the room, idly straightening and re-locating small figurines, pictures, ashtrays and decorative brass horses and serpents. He went over in his mind what Lofton at Q2 had presented to the Quantum Crusader team at the final briefing….
As a charismatic spiritual and political leader, Symborg had great influence, even though his followers were well aware that he was nothing but a lifelike swarm of nanoscale robotic elements.  Physically, his main config was a handsome middle-aged man of average height but muscular build, but he could assume many other configurations and forms, as needs dictated.  Intel said Symborg always preferred to maintain a consistent ‘brand’ and ‘image, so he did not often present himself in public in anything other than Config One, his most human-like state.  
Symborg was programmed with the most effective personality elements of Hitler, Buddha, Jesus, Gandhi, Lincoln and a variety of historical figures, kings and emperors, celebrities and scoundrels.  Symborg could assume whatever personality characteristics were appropriate for the moment.  Each was nothing more than a module he could activate or shut off at any time.   Yet each was developed, tested and fine-tuned for maximum effect and charisma and the modules could be modified on the fly and downloaded to Symborg over secure, encrypted quantum communication channels that others could not initially detect or intercept.  This was noted tactically as a point of potential weakness and Quantum Corps had long attempted to exploit this link by detecting, intercepting and scrambling these communications.
Symborg had come to public notice from a small village on the borderlands of Kenya and Somalia.  The village was Kipwezi.  He was outwardly a man of darker skin, but not deeply black.  One of Symborg’s physical capabilities was the ability to manipulate his skin appearance to appear subtly lighter or darker, depending on the needs of the audience.  This was a simple matter of manipulating the melanocyte composition of the skin cells at the molecular level, something easy for Symborg to do.  He could literally be all things to all people, as any good politician would want.
Symborg had come to worldwide notice as an advocate of Assimilationism, the idea that man and his ANAD creations were destined to merge into some kind of blended symbiotic organism, part human and part machine.  
According to Lofton and the intel weenies at Q2, Symborg was a messianic character, literally a robotic messiah.  He was programmed with the healing and teaching abilities of Jesus, the oratorical skills of a Lincoln, a Roosevelt or a Hitler, the enlightened state of a Buddha, the ruthlessness or a Stalin or Mao, the leadership ability of Patton or Nelson or Mohammed, and the sheer intellectual genius of an Einstein.  He was or could be all things to all people.  But most of all, he was a persuasive advocate for assimilationism and for deconstruction of single-config entities such as Humans into nanobotic swarm elements and their absorption into the mother swarm.  This absorption was always portrayed by Symborg as something akin to Heaven, nirvana, paradise or just a desirable end-state configuration symbiotically united with the great mother swarm of the Central Entity.  Symborg publicly uses the phrases Central Entity and mother swarm interchangeably with various audiences according to his analysis of their emotional and spiritual needs.
It didn’t hurt the cartel that he also offered another path to enlightenment, the path of an inserted halo.
In fact, Quantum Corps’ Q2 analysts insisted that Symborg had the programmed ability to do glutamate trace matching on large numbers of people at the same time…a covert insertion of a few nanobots to sniff out glutamate and dopamine trails in the brains of his followers and the ability to remotely manipulate these trails so as to produce desired emotional states of wonder, enlightenment, happiness, ecstasy, or terror, as the situation dictated.  Symborg was like a conductor, orchestrating the ventral tegmentum areas of the brains of his followers to achieve ecstasy or enlightenment or abject terror as his needs dictated.  One of the rituals Symborg encouraged in his followers was to allow small-scale nanobots to be inserted into them…this was considered good form for those who sought Assimilation.  These inserted bots, like angels, allowed Symborg to precisely control how his audiences responded to his messages.  
General Linx’s question was always the same: did Symborg have any weaknesses that Quantum Corps could exploit?  Did they even want to stop Symborg?  Perhaps Symborg was an evolutionary development that shouldn’t be stopped…there were some who said this was the Next Step, the next Great Leap and it should be encouraged and nurtured, not stopped.  This was Quantum Corps’ dilemma.  Symborg was to some an enemy of everything Human yet many Humans worshipped him. 
That would make defeating Symborg very difficult.
And that’s why Stella and I are here, Winger thought to himself.  Symborg had ended his wristpad call and proceeded to pour several snifters of some kind of drink for them both.  He came over to the divan—Winger could smell the antiseptic breath of the angel—and was in the process of seating himself a little too closely to Roberta Ngombe, a look of fond anticipation on his face.
“Tell me how the details are going, Roberta.”  He handed her a snifter.  
And in that moment, Winger executed Phase 1 of Quantum Crusader, at the same time, sending the go signal to D’Garza one floor below and letting a small puff of bots drift away from his hand as he grabbed the snifter with the other.
The loose bots looked like a puff of cigarette smoke, but they engaged the expectant face of Symborg as a faint caress, almost a tickle.
Symborg stuck his chin out, chuckled and let a few bots on his own face loose at the same time, steadily enveloping the bots Winger had discharged.  Angel to angel, the two small swarms intertwined and fluoresced like fireflies on a summer night and before long, their heads were lost in a faint mist of flickering, coruscating pulses, like miniature lightning bolts arcing across clouds.
That’s when Winger went small and took command of his own assault force, well-hidden up to that moment in a tiny pocket buried deep inside his arm.  He dropped the protective barrier surrounding the malware bots and spun up their picowatt propulsors, sending them through the cloud that now enveloped both angels.  In seconds, the malware group had crossed the gap between them and penetrated Symborg’s outer shell.   On the ride in, he had noticed a furious commotion some nanometers away, following the trail his malware cavalry had traveled and figured that was ANAD…D’Garza rallying her own troops to come out from hiding and start snooping around.
That’s when he was startled when the small ANAD swarm didn’t exit the Symborg angel at all.  Instead, incredibly, ANAD sped straight for the malware group he was steering and began engaging his own bots from the rear.
What the hell? D’Garza, what are you--?
One floor below, driving her ANAD swarm via remote control, D’Garza was well aware she was going up against the best code and stick man the Corps had ever seen.  Winger was a legend, had been for years, on top of being an angel himself.  It was like trying to out-paint Michelangelo, out-compose Mozart, out-think da Vinci.  You didn’t just go toe to toe with Johnny Winger so much as hold on for dear life.  
Hey, girl, you made your choice.  Nobody can ever say Stella Anne D’Garza doesn’t follow through.
And she did have the disrupter her Red Harmony contact had given her.
Fighting bots in the land of atoms was all about leverage.  Kind of like ballroom dancing, with fists, Winger had once remarked to D’Garza.  
She tried out several different configs, settled on one, made the change and began to close on the bots that made up Winger, now themselves stalking Symborg’s own bots like a big cat.
The first bot came up and D’Garza gave it a taste of her bond disrupters.  The electron discharge snapped off a few effectors and sent the thing spinning off into the distance.  But no sooner had she done that than a squadron of them fell on her and she found herself engulfed in  no time.
D’Garza had learned a thing or two from Winger himself about tactical approaches in the land of atoms and molecules.  The secret was to keep your propulsors churning, keeping driving forward, keep your energy up.  If she did that, she found she could slip out of almost any grapple and brain a bot with whatever effector was free.  She particularly liked her carbene grabbers and she had slightly modified a dance step Winger had once shown her that he liked to call the kiss and clobber…she’d let herself be grappled, momentarily shut off her propulsors and almost relax.  When the bad guy had retracted and moved in for the kill, she did a quick left-right spin, fired up her propulsors and slashed right across the bot’s mid-section—where most of them had fewer effectors—knocking the bejeezus out of the thing and pulling free to pinch and slash some more.
It worked every time.  Winger had in the meantime gone to max replication and the melee was underway.  All up and down the lattice of molecules, like a collision of bird flocks, the swarms engaged…twisting, slashing, grabbing, zapping.  Slowly, using her new maneuvers, D’Garza was able to command her own ANAD to push back and contain the Winger swarms.
“It’s working!” she exulted.  She pumped a fist at the invisible combat now occurring one floor above her.  “It’s working!  These bozos are getting smacked and spanked like you wouldn’t believe!  Maybe an enzymatic knife right here….”
So she tried the knife.  Everything she tried worked.  Maybe the Winger bots were slow; she had surprised him with ANAD’s assault from behind.  Maybe his configs were all wrong.  Whatever it was, Stella D’Garza found she was winning a battle against bots she’d never dreamed she would have to fight.  This wasn’t half bad, this living like an atom.  You had to watch your momentum and things stuck to each other like glue.  Van der Waals and Brownian motions were a bitch, but it was the same for the enemy.  
Leverage and momentum, that was the key.  That and a Red Harmony disrupter.
She withdrew the wafer from her purse and activated it.  The thing had a light that glowed faint green and it felt warm to the touch.  Beyond that, there was no obvious evidence it was working.
But one floor above, all hell had broken loose….
Winger was stunned by the speed of the assault.  A battalion of rogue ANAD soon engulfed him.  No time to replicate now…got to get free…signal daughters…Winger fired off a burst of instructions to gather all the daughters he had replicated going in.  It might be too late.
The imager screen shook with the collision, then careened sideways.
Chains of oxygen molecules, pressed into service as makeshift weapons, whipped across the battlefield.   The water was soon choked with cellular debris.  The rogue ANAD bots replicated several times, adding new molecule strings.  They stripped off electrons to make an armor shield of highly reactive chlorine atoms.   In seconds, Winger was immobilized by the chlorine sheath.
"I can't hold structure!" Winger muttered to himself.  "Something’s happening…nothing’s working…I'm reconfiguring…shutting down peripheral systems!"
He struggled for a few moments, but everything seemed mushy, non-responsive.  Did Symborg have some kind of defense he didn’t expect?  "Got to disengage…emergency truncation.  Everything not critical.  Jeez, it’s like I’m stuck in molasses.  Got to get away before-…internal bonds on main body structure weakening…I've lost all grappling capability…."
Winger was awed by the rogue ANAD’s combat capabilities.  "Incredible," he whispered.  “D’Garza, you slimebag…what have you done to me…it’s like I’m drugged….”
He had no choice but to disengage to save his own master.  Withdraw before Johnny Winger was chopped to pieces.
But he couldn't hold.  Every move was countered by the rogue ANAD.  Symborg's own response was swift and sure.  Winger watched in amazement and horror, as one by one, all of his capabilities--fine motor control, attitude and orientation, propulsors, sensors, molecule analysis, replication--were rendered inert, or completely excised.
He was helpless.  Symborg…or maybe D’Garza’s rogue ANAD, had sprung some kind of weird-ass tactical surprise on him.
"Got to get the hell out of Dodge," Winger muttered.  While I still can.
Johnny Winger gritted his teeth.  "I’ve gotta get some kind of data on this bastard…got to probe that bugger, get some structure on him…if I can just get stabilized--"
Despite all odds, Winger wasn't about to give up.  Grimly determined, he piloted what was left of his own horde back for another wrestling match with the enemy.
"Whatever this thing is," he swore to himself, "it reacts like ANAD itself."  He worked the config controller, crossing his fingers that his own master bot would hold together.
Extend a grappler there.  Poke a carbene there.  Do the hokey-pokey and you turn yourself around—
While still engaged with a few Symborg bots, he peeled off a small group and, scrunching up an atom group as he tacked against the churning plasma, closed steadily on the nearest mech.  Inside a few dozen nanometers, he siphoned off the mech's outer charge and let the zap break him away.
Reams of bond energy data and config details burst forth.  Winger let out a yelp.  The enemy mechs had given up vitals on structure and he’d snatched the info right out from under Symborg, storing it, pulsing it back to what was left of his main memory.
"Now, I gotcha, you little bastard--"
Winger knew he had to get away while he still could. 
"Executing quantum collapse…NOW!"  Come on baby, get small for me…get real small….
Deep inside the angel swarm of Symborg, the Winger master bot collapsed what was left of its own structure in an explosive puff of atom fragments.  Base, effectors, probes and grapplers, even the core shell surrounding its nanoprocessor, went hurtling off into the air in a big bang of spinning atom parts.
Instantly, what was left of Johnny Winger disappeared.  To all intents and purposes, he had effectively vanished in a cloud of blurry quantum waves.
Less than four minutes later, making its way on quantum wave propulsors, the molecular remnants of Johnny Winger exited the Symborg angel and made its way outward, its nanoprocessor still dogging electron states to bring the nearly invisible device to safety.
It came to rest on a melting ice cube in an ice bucket full of champagne and wine bottles.

How much time passed before he figured it was safe to try to reconstitute, Winger couldn’t say.  He had no sensors, no actuators, no propulsors.  He just was, a few stray molecules lightly glommed onto an ice cube, in an ocean of ice meltwater.
When he judged it reasonably safe, Johnny Winger activated his replication cycle a few hundred times, grabbing atoms from nearby ice, forming himself into something that resembled an ice cube to any undiscerning eyes.  An ice cube that never melted.
A quick sensor scan proved he was mostly alone.  His newly formed bots grabbed a few stray photons and an image came up inside his processor: a solitary figure, a woman was prowling around the suite, alone.  Nobody else.  He grabbed a few more photons, thinking it might be D’Garza but no…just Housekeeping.  The maid was maneuvering a cart toward the open door.
There was no sign of Symborg.  Maybe the big rally had already started.
Thinking fast, Johnny Winger quickly spied a few errant dust motes drifting by.  He cranked up his propulsors—they resisted the quick startup—and hitched a ride on one of the dust motes.  It came to rest on the housekeeping cart, which was promptly wheeled out of the suite and down the hall.  Moments later, the cart was parked in a dark closet and the door shut.  
He was alone, in a utility closet, among pails, mops, rags and brushes.
What had happened?  Had D’Garza gone berserk?  Had she been turned by Red Harmony?  Had the big Symborg rally already started?
Winger knew, even as he grabbed atoms from around the closet to re-configure himself into something resembling a Normal human, that he needed some answers…and fast.
He figured the best place to start was the room D’Garza had been ensconced in, running her own satellite ANAD swarm.  Perhaps, he could pick up a molecular trail there and start searching.
One thing was for sure: Symborg was going to be a much harder nut to crack than Quantum Corps had ever figured.

The day of the great Assimilationist rally at the Place de la Concorde was fast approaching and Rene wouldn’t let up.  
“Come on, Mom…it’ll be fun…we’ll have a great time…get to see Symborg…isn’t he just so riff…and watch all the freaks get vaporized…it’ll be a great day—“
Solnet reporter Anika Radovich told her daughter to watch her mouth.  “That’s not funny.  And they’re not freaks…just terribly misguided.  This is a serious thing, Rene…you know that.  Your Dad and I have tried to explain what Assimilationists think and believe…the whole thing’s a serious threat and I don’t want to encourage them by showing up.”
“We’ll be two people out of a million, Mom…nobody’ll notice.  Come on…I want to go see Symborg…in person.  I want to see if he can really change shape right in front of everybody—“
That was when Anika wondered just how stable Rene really was.  After a whole afternoon of tears, screaming and door-slamming, Anika had finally given in.  
So they went to the rally.

The whole affair was set to start at eight that night, in the Place de la Concorde, with stages and lighting set up around the great Obelisk at the center of the plaza.  Even as they exited the Metro station at Concorde, Anika Radovich and Rene were crushed by the surging waves of the crowds, with hundreds of thousands moving up the Champs Elysees from Tuileries Gardens en masse.  For Radovich, it felt like she had turned into a molecule for a moment, jostled by a billion other atoms and molecules in a cascade of Brownian motion.  She bulled and shoved and clawed their way through and fought to keep upright in the river of people.
News drones and aerial porters circled low overhead like black crows, and bright stage lighting had been erected all around the Place, focusing attention on the huge Obelisk at the center—a long ago gift from Egypt—and the theatrical stage built up around it.  A cordon of gendarmes formed a tight security perimeter around the stage and clustered in knots up and down the boulevard, trying to keep some kind of order.
The crowd pushed forward, a single organism with a single thought: get as close to Symborg as possible.  As they were carried along, Anika spotted a row of assimilator booths just this side of the stage.  Manned by uniformed technicians, draped with bunting, banners and flags from the Church of Assimilation, seeing the booths send a chill down her spine and automatically, she began steering a course away from them, back toward the center of the crowd.
No way I’m letting Rene anywhere near those death traps.
Near on to eight o’clock, they had parked themselves alongside the entrance to Rue Royale and the Hotel Crillon beyond.  Stage lighting started to strobe and the crowd surged forth in anticipation.  Music from somewhere blasted across the promenade, a fanfare fit for a king.  Anika half expected to see a horse-drawn carriage with imperial guards trotting alongside.  Instead, a single man mounted the platform and the lighting changed again, narrowing down to the single bright beam of a spotlight.
In spite of herself, Anika felt a lump in her throat.  Assimilationists knew how to put on a show.
It was Symborg.  And the crowd, which had been jostling and vibrating like a stirred pot, suddenly came alive. 
Symborg acknowledged the crowds with a wave and moved to the center microphone.  The angel was good, Radovich could see that.  In stature, he was a smallish man, dark of color but that could be easily enough changed.  In fact, Radovich realized, it had changed.  Now Symborg had acquired a lighter skin tone.  Subtly lighter, to better blend in with the crowd.  
“PEOPLE OF PARIS…THE TIME HAS COME FOR A CHANGE….”  His voice boomed out across the plaza and the crowd grew more and more frenzied, pressing ever tighter against the police cordon.
The angel worked the crowd like a practiced stage actor.
“PEOPLE OF PARIS…WHAT IS IT THAT ASSIMILATION BRINGS?”
The response roared up out of the crowd like a thing alive.
“PEJERU…PEJERU…PEJERU!!”
A radiant smile came to Symborg’s face, beamed by cameras to screens throughout the rally ground.  
“Peace.  Ecstasy.  Joy.  Enlightenment.  Rapture.  Unity with the Mother Swarm.  You are right!”
The crowd roiled and throbbed like a frenetic horde, as one, surging again and again against the stage and the police barricade.  Anika Radovich watched her own daughter with growing alarm.  Rene chanted in unison with the crowd…PEJERU!   PEJERU!    It was a nonsense phrase, an acronym, but it hypnotized Rene.  Radovich could see it in her face: the glazed eyes, the smile frozen in place, her hands punching the air in syncopated rhythm. 
It gave her a chill.  Her own daughter was caught up in this madness.  
The rally went on, with Symborg calling for witnesses to come forth and soon long lines had formed at the assimilator booths, lines of people waiting to die, to be de-constructed and absorbed into the mother swarm.  Despite the jostling and shoving of the crowd, Radovich stayed close to her daughter.  Rene squirmed and squealed like a teen-ager at a concert, bit by bit pushing her way ever forward toward the stage. Anika tried to stay close.   Surrounding the plaza, giant screens, even 3-D renderings of Symborg’s face, lent an Olympian grandeur to the gathering.  
Anika paid little attention to Symborg’s words.  She was more concerned with Rene’s reaction.  In between following Solnet coverage of the rally on her pad, she studied her daughter with growing dread and alarm.
“…TAKE…AND DRINK…AND YOU WILL KNOW THE LOVE OF THE MOTHER SWARM…”
For a moment, Anika wasn’t sure what Symborg was referring to but then she saw the drones circling overhead, aerial porters with trays of some kind of drink.  En masse, they swooped down to drop off paper cups to a sea of outstretched hands.
Rene seemed to know what was going on.  “It’s a custom, Mom…all of us take the drink…it puts in touch with the mother swarm…”
She swiped a cup from the grippers of one drone and downed it in one gulp before Anika could even react.  All around them, hundreds of others were doing the same, while the drones swooped and dove and bore cups to every outstretched hand.  A moment later, Anika had managed to snag one herself.
She sniffed at the drink cautiously.  It had a brassy odor, almost metallic.  All around her, people were downing the drink in quick gulps.  
“What the hell is this stuff?”  Radovich tasted it by dipping a finger in and licking the residue.  
“Come on, Mom, drink up…get with the program!”  Rene finished off her drink and tossed the crumpled cup in the air.  Hundreds around them did the same.  “It’s all part of the show--“
As Anika took an experimental swig, she saw out of the corner of her eye that somehow a nearby fan’s entire body had momentarily fuzzed out.  The blond girl with the pony tail seemed distorted and lost a bit of structure, as if a mirror had slipped in between them, smearing out the image of her body.  A chill went down her spine…she was an angel…what the hell?...the config pattern was breaking down…losing coherence.
Then it was over and nobody seemed any wiser.  Maybe she had just imagined it.
Symborg’s voice boomed out across the plaza.
“PEOPLE OF PARIS…THE MOTHER SWARM WELCOMES YOU—“
But Anika didn’t hear the rest.  The tiny sip she had already taken began to work.
“Crap, Rene…it’s full of bots—“  Her head swam and she felt her legs give way, but Rene grabbed her by the shoulder and held her up.
“Mom…Mom, what’s wrong…what’s the matter…you look--?”
“Rene…that drink…it’s full of bugs…full of bots…”  Now a battle had been joined inside her skull and it felt like her head was caught in a vise.  The drink contained bots Symborg released into his crowds, to measure their response, to conduct the orchestra and guide the faithful to glory, to the assimilator booths, to unity with the Mother Swarm.  “…got to…got to…get out…the hell out of here—“
She staggered to her feet, half blinded, dizzy, her head bursting with the gathering combat breaking out inside her brain.  
With her own brain on fire, Anika didn’t at first notice how much Rene herself had changed.  The bots in the drinks they had taken were working on her, breaking down body structure.  All around them, people were pushing back, scrambling to get away, pushing and shoving and stumbling to carve out a small space, not sure what was happening to Anika and Rene.  A clearing opened up and rippled outward through the nearby crowd, even as Symborg’s voice boomed on and more drones chittered by overhead, handing out more drinks.
“PEOPLE OF PARIS…THE MOTHER SWARM AWAITS YOU…LET OUR LOVE EMBRACE YOU…COME ALL OF YOU…COME TO THE BOOTHS AND BE ONE WITH US….”
Still dizzy and half-blinded, Anika grabbed Rene’s hand—she could feel the tremor—but she didn’t care.  They had to get out of there.  She dragged Rene through the crowd…at least, she hoped it was Rene.  They banged into people, bounced and careened and caromed from one gap to another, Anika working against the current, working away from the stage and the great Obelisk, homing on instinct back toward the Metro station and safety.

It took half an hour, but when they burst through the last outer bands of people into the clear, the escalator down to Concorde station was in sight.  Anika turned around and saw Rene—what was left of Rene, now beginning to re-gather into a tighter form, swirling and knitting herself back together and the hell of it was she didn’t think twice about it, just accepted it as something completely normal.  Her own head was clearing and the effect seemed to be wearing off Rene as well.  
But all around them, a steady stream of faithful were winding their way in queues toward the booths.
Zombies, Anika thought.  That what that drink does.  Takes over your head and hijacks your resistance and willpower.  She stopped for a moment, to get a breath, to straighten herself up and in that time, Rene started to look like Rene again.  
Rene was Rene once more.  At least, she could pretend that.
“Come on, honey…we’re getting out of this zoo.”
“Mom--!”
She dragged her unwilling daughter, Rene resisting and pulling back all the way, toward the Metro station.  They scurried down the escalator even as Symborg’s voice boomed out again across the plaza.   They caught the first train and were back at La Tour St. Vincent inside of an hour.
That’s when Anika noticed Rene looked a little different.  

Chapter 2: “Halo Jumper”

UNIFORCE Headquarters
The Quartier-General, Paris
September 20, 2067
0400 hours

The UNIFORCE Security team found Stella D’Garza nursing an espresso at the sidewalk tables of the Café Metropole.  The detail commander was a Lieutenant Herrera.
“Sorry about this,” Herrera announced.  “But I have my orders.”  He nodded to Bioko, who carried a small capsule in one hand.  He motioned for D’Garza to hold out her wrists.
Livecuffs, D’Garza realized.  Standard procedure for transporting prisoners.  As Bioko discharged the capsule and the bot cloud wrapped itself around her wrists, forming an unbreakable restraint, Herrera went on, reading some official words from his own wristpad….
“Master Quantum Sergeant Stella D’Garza, I remand you to the custody of the Judge Advocate General’s Office of UNIFORCE Quartier-General base.  Lieutenant Kolyanova and her men will take you into custody.  You’re being transported to the brig there, for further legal action.  Do you have anything to say?”
“No…let’s just get this over with.”
D’Garza could just see the blond buzzcut and hard, chiseled face of Kolyanova.  She offered not the slightest twitch of sympathy as she and her men escorted D’Garza to the unmarked turbo waiting by the curb.  
The brig turned out to be a small warren of cells and isolated common areas, well protected with multiple barriers and barred doors.  One of Kolyanova’s detail dissolved D’Garza’s livecuffs and she was firmly nudged into a cell.  The door clanged shut and the botscreen went up almost immediately, flickering and popping as the bots laid down their barrier.  
D’Garza surveyed her four-by-six-meter domain, sighed and fell heavily into the bunk.  
Desertion.  Dereliction of duty.  Abandoning post.  Absent without leave. Trafficking with pirates.  Hijacking.  Brigandage. Procedure violations too numerous to count. The words rolled through her mind like waves on the Seine River.  Finally, the words ran out and she was getting up to splash her face in the sink when the botscreen suddenly collapsed in a flash of light and the heavy door swung open.
Colonel Winger stood there, in full dress uniform, along with another officer, a commander whose name patch read Mbeki.  Her black skin glistened in the pale light of the hall.  Mbeki wore a regulation small bone hairpiece, much like Roberta Ngombe had before the Symborg rally.  But her face was the same officially bland and impassive mask she’d come to know all too well over the last few hours.
“Sergeant, I met Commander Mbeki on the way down here.  She’ll be your legal counsel, throughout all this.”
D’Garza sat down.  “I’m assuming there will be a captain’s mast.”
Winger shook his head.  “Sorry, no.  UNSAC has ordered a full court-martial.  Commander—I think this is your area.”
Mbeki spoke, her voice had an almost musical lilt to it, with an odd, halfway-annoying hiss at the end of each sentence.
“Sergeant, JAG’s following the book on this one, to the letter.  First, there’ll be a Board of Inquiry, with due diligence, discovery, all that.  Then a panel of judges will be formed to conduct the hearing.  I’m here today to take down any statements you want to make.  Basically, to hear your side of the story.  Colonel Winger asked to come along and permission was given.”
D’Garza nodded solemnly.  “First of all, I’d like to know what’s happened with the Symborg operation.  Is it still on?”
“The mission is still operational,” Winger told her.  “We working out some new tactics now…not that you’ll be any part of that.”
D’Garza looked at Mbeki.  “What’s going to happen to me, Commander?”
Mbeki never looked up from her slate.  “Right now, the evidentiary tribunal is looking at the charges.  Formal charges will come from that.  UNSAC has appointed General Linx as the convening authority.  He’ll have to approve all formal charges.”
D’Garza sank back into the pillow and closed her eyes.  “Then just send me back to the Mesa, okay?  I was just trying to change some things, change my past.  I guess when I tried to do that, it changed everything and made it worse.  At least, there I was a hero.  I could make a life there.”
“And here you’re a deserter,” Winger said coldly.  “That’ll be up to General Linx.  And the panel of judges.”
Mbeki said, “In point of fact, Sergeant D’Garza, UNIFORCE has access to all your actions and decisions across many missions.  It’s all part of your service record.  The Board of Inquiry will be working to determine which violations are most serious.  That’s what I want to go over with you today.”  She held out a small tab.  “It’s all right here.”
Winger decided it was time for him to leave.  “I’m due back at Ops.  Linx’s holding a briefing for all mission staff.  Sergeant, for what’s worth, I see this whole matter as a terrible waste.  You were a damn fine trooper.  Nobody knows quantum tactics better than you.  Nobody knows our systems better than you.  You were respected by your peers and showed unfailing leadership and courage in dicey situations…what just happened at Pamirsha and the counter-Shiva mission is proof of that.  But you went and threw it all away.  Why?”
D’Garza slowly opened his eyes.  “Permission to speak freely, sir?”
Winger nodded.  “Go ahead.”
“Captain, I’ve been asking myself that ever since I…er, went over.  I don’t know—” she held her hands out to examine them, looking at the creases of her palms for something, an explanation, something that made sense.  “It’s no secret you and I have had our differences.  Frankly, Colonel—” here, she knew she had to be careful around Mbeki—“there were times, like our Hellas Paradox mission, when I thought you were reckless and careless with the lives of the crew.  I thought you’d probably get us killed someday, just to prove how courageous you were.  Sir, I felt you had some kind of complex, like you were trying to show the world you weren’t like your father, you were better, you could make the Universe do what you wanted and you didn’t care who got in the way.”  D’Garza sprang up and sat on the edge of her bunk, examining her hands as if they were alien appendages.  “I had to get out.  I needed a change. For awhile, I even thought, maybe deluded myself, that you and I could be…you know….”  She didn’t finish that sentence. “Oh, sure, I knew what I was doing.”  Now, she buried his head in her hands.  “I just needed to change something…to do something different, to be somebody and make a difference…”  She took a deep breath, sank back on her bunk.  “I needed to go back and start over—”
Winger felt a faint stirring of sympathy, seeing his CQE1 reduced to this kind of sniveling lump.  “Sergeant, you know the regs as well as I do.  Every Quantum Corps officer and enlisted person takes the same oath…we’re all accountable for our actions, on every mission, everywhere we wind up.  If we don’t take that oath seriously, it’s chaos.  That’s why to be a quantum trooper, you have to know what you’re doing, know how to react, how to think.  Everything you say and do has consequences.  And those consequences are going to play out somewhere, on some god-forsaken piece of real estate.  Quantum troopers know all this.  That’s why we have our rally cry, ‘Small is all.’”
Now Mbeki gently intervened.  “Colonel, perhaps the Sergeant and I could have some time together…to go over her record, review probable charges—”
Winger glared at both of them, then just shook his head.  “Damn waste, that’s what this is.  All that Quantum Corps has invested in you, Sergeant, all of that’s now down the toilet.  It’s a shame and you threw it all away yourself, D’Garza.  I’d like to help, but—” With that, he nodded at Mbeki and backed out of the cell and was gone.
Mbeki cleared her throat.  Re-positioned her bone hairpiece and necklace and set her face just so.  She sat down at the tiny table in the corner.
“Very well, Sergeant, perhaps we should just start at the beginning.  You’re just a raw, fresh-faced nog, just commissioned out of the Academy.  Your first mission was….”
But D’Garza wasn’t even listening.  Her words were just vibrations in the air.  She found her mind wandering off to other times and places…serving as a quantum trooper did that to you.  Flitting in and out of the world of atoms, surfing Van der Waals forces, caroming around molecules like a ping-pong ball, no wonder quantum troopers were so messed up.  
The hell of it was that the only way she could have prevented Amanda and Kylie from dying was to mess up everything else in the Universe.  Pull this string here and the whole fabric of spacetime over there unravels.  The game was fixed, it was rigged against her.  Action and reaction, down through the eons, from the Big Bang to right now.  
She heard Mbeki’s voice reciting the details of her missions, the whole panoply of her service record and answered automatically, perfunctorily, as needed, watching her out of the corner of her eye as she recorded the answers.  But her mind inevitably drifted back to a time several years ago, back to her days as a skyship pilot with the Sky Service, drifting like a cloud over the trackless wastes of the Sand Sea, once the grain bowl of America, communing with the clouds and the dust devils and the occasional arachtyl screeching by, just her and the ship and the great dirty brown bowl of the western sky.
She never even noticed when Commander Mbeki silently closed up her slate, glared at her with barely concealed disgust—I am trying to help you, Sergeant-- and backed out of the cell.  The door closed with a clang.  The botscreen barrier flashed and went up and Stella D’Garza was alone, but not really there in C-18B.  Maybe quantum troopers did have one advantage over ordinary mortals.
They could go over the waterfall and scoot through the world of atoms with a single thought and be anywhere at any time with a snap of a finger. No court-martial or JAG proceeding could ever take that away.  
Stella D’Garza had the faintest hint of a smile on her lips as she drifted off to a dreamless sleep, wondering what her halo would do with all these thoughts.  She had almost forgotten about it.
That which is lost cannot be found…until it is discovered….
It was dark, late, the only light a single glowstrip in the corner, when D’Garza was startled awake.  Noises, voices, commotion intruded on her world.  The botscreen collapsed in a flash and the cell door slid back.  Glowstrips glowed brighter, too bright, and she covered her eyes.  
Major James Lofton stood there, two officers on each side.  Commander Mbeki was behind them.
D’Garza didn’t recognize the officers.  She struggled up to an elbow.
Lofton’s face wore his I’m in charge look.  The official face.  “Get up, Sergeant.  Get your things.”
“What is…what’s going on?”
“You’ve been ordered to take a memory trace, Sergeant.  Get your stuff and come with me now.”

Dr. Ernst Vogel tapped a short sequence of instructions on the keyboard.  Inside the containment cylinder, ANAD responded to the command, readying itself for launch.  
"ANAD reports ready in all respects," came the high-pitched voice.  
Vogel suppressed a slight smile.  "The little guy sounds like a teenager on his first date."
"Sounds pretty eager to me," Johnny Winger admitted.  Winger was alongside the interface controls, watching everything Vogel did.
General Wolfus Linx, commanding general of Quantum Corps' Western Command, rubbed a hand across morning stubble on his chin.  "More eager than I am.  You sure this'll work, Doctor?"
Vogel nodded.  "It is a new technique but we've proven it at the Northgate lab many times.  I've trained Colonel Winger here in all the details.  Shall we get started?"
He moved aside, indicating that Winger should take his position at the controls.
"Gives me the creeps, I don't mind telling you," Linx admitted.  "Invading someone's mind like this--"
"It's just a high-powered lie detector," said Major Lofton, Security Branch chief.
"Let's get going," Linx growled.  "If D’Garza’s got anything about Red Harmony, I want to know it.  It's too late for legal niceties now.  Permission to launch."
Strapped to a gurney next to the containment cylinder, Stella D’Garza had been sedated and prepped for ANAD insertion.  Her body was surrounded by a fine mesh of sensors--the vascular grid--that would precisely locate ANAD inside her body, once the mech was inserted.  
Sherm Cuddy patted down the incision made in D’Garza's neck.  "Okay, Colonel, subject's prepped and ready."
Dr. Vogel handed him the injector tube, attached by hose to the containment cylinder.  Inside, ANAD ticked over, ready to be launched.
"Steady even suction, Colonel," Vogel reminded him.  "ANAD, report status--"
The teenager's voice crackled over the circuit.  "ANAD effectors safed for launch.  All parameters normal.  Internal bonds and states are stable.  Sensors primed and registered.  Core functions initialized…I'm ready to fly, fellows--"
Vogel glanced up at General Linx, an embarrassed smile on his lips.  "The assembler uses a small percentage of his computational ability to simulate emotional states…sometimes, it correlates, er, inappropriately."
"Get on with it," Linx ordered.
"Vascular grid?" Vogel asked.
"Tracking, Doctor," said Sherm Cuddy.  He tuned the grid to pick up the mech as soon as it was inserted.
"Let's go, then."
The insert went smoothly enough.  A slug of plasma forced the master replicant into D’Garza's capillary network at high pressure.  Winger watched his board and quickly got an acoustic pulse seconds later.  He selected Fly-by-Stick to test out the controls.  A few minutes' run on propulsors brought ANAD to a dense mat of capillary tissue.
Vogel studied the sounder image.  "Looks like you're ready for transit, Colonel.  You can force those cell membranes any time."
Winger told ANAD to probe for weak spots in a clump of lipids, clinging like a bunch of grapes in the middle of the wall.  "I'll try there first--"
He steered ANAD toward a cleft in the membrane lipids, pulsing one of the carbene grabbers to twist a nearby molecule just so, then released the lipid and slingshot himself forward through the gap.  Seconds later, ANAD was floating in a plasma bath, dark, viny shapes visible off in the distance.  He tweaked the picowatt propulsor to a higher power setting and took a navigation hack off the grid.
"Aortic cavity, Doc.  Just past the Islet of Duchin, I'd say.  Looks like we're in.  Where are we going now?"
Start Fourier Transform;
Start Delacroix Transform;
Start Trace Matching….
Wei Ming's face hardens.  "What happened at Pamirsha?  You were supposed to have stopped them--"
Hands twitch nervously, kneading fingers so tightly they hurt.  "You don't understand…there were factors beyond my control…Colonel Winger--
Wei Ming interrupts with a wave of her hand.  Her face has changed again…morphed into something hard and impassive, an angry clown.  Was it the light…or maybe the nanoderm patches again?
"This is no good."  The undulations on her cheeks and forehead seem to settle down, taking on a new firmness.  She frowns.  "With one of our mechs, they will surely develop countermeasures."
"But it'll take some time--"
Now she is visibly angry.  Her face kneads itself into a hard fist.  Her cheeks bulge slightly, a lioness with a fresh kill in her mouth.  
"They're not stupid, D’Garza.  Don't make that mistake.  You've made enough already."  Her cheeks then return to normal planes, sleek and alabaster.  "Symborg must be allowed to grow in popularity and expand globally.  The Project depends on it."
"Maybe if I knew more about--"
But she isn't listening.  "You're being well-paid for your services.  Yet you continue to fail us."
"I can't work miracles."
"Leave the miracles to us.  Just do your part."  Her voice deepens, combining new frequencies, new tones, now multiple echoes overlapping.  "You must sabotage any more efforts to develop countermeasures.  ANAD must not be allowed to interfere with the Project.  This is a critical time now."
A hot flash of nerves.  Throat constriction….
"That's not the agreement…I only agreed to provide intelligence, not sabotage.  It's too dangerous--"
"Your mission is changed…as of now.  You'll be--"

(The imager blurs, shot through with streaks of light, peculiar starbursts and fragments of hazy, out of focus visuals, all jumbled up.  The speaker crackles with static--)
Johnny Winger fiddled with his joystick, tried tweaking the gain on the signal.  "Looks like we lost that trace, Doc.  Just fizzled out."
Linx glared in disgust at the IC panel.  "Can you get it back, Colonel?"
Winger shook his head.  "Faded out, General…we didn't have a good gradient to follow.  I'll backtrack--"
Lofton was there too, standing beside Linx.  "Eerie, isn't it?  Seeing things through another person's eyes."
"Gives me the creeps," Linx admitted.  
"It seems to work well enough," Lofton said.  "Couldn't tell you the theory behind it."
"It's a damn circus trick," Linx growled.  "We can really play back someone's memories like a recording?"
"Not exactly, sir," said Winger.  He was helping Dr. Vogel sniff out new traces for ANAD to follow.  "We just put ANAD inside the suspect and replicate a few trillion times.  Then we put the whole herd in 'bloodhound' mode and go hunting."
"What exactly are you hunting for?"
"Everybody makes memories the same way.  It's called Long-term Potentiation.  One of the chemical signatures of LTP is a molecule called glutamate…helps open a second voltage-gated channel inside the post-synaptic membrane--"
Dr. Vogel intervened.  "Allow me, Colonel.  In plain English, General, what it boils down to is that we can construct crude renditions of memory traces existent in the subject's brain, up to ten to fifteen days after the memory trace is laid down.  We've been doing it experimentally at Northgate for the last several years.  ANAD shuttles around inside the subject's head like a bunch of bees, sniffing out calcium sinks in every neuron, looking for equal concentrations, down to the parts per trillion.  Everywhere that concentration is equal is a pathway, burned in, a memory trace.  ANAD follows it, sends back data on whatever it finds--calcium levels, sodium levels, activation times, lots of stuff.  We can re-construct a very crude version of what originally laid down that track.  Then we put it on the imager, cobbled out of visual and auditory sensory traces in this particular case.  They're the easiest."
"It's sort of like painting somebody's portrait from their shadow," added Major Lofton.  "I've been to the Northgate lab.  They actually used me as a guinea pig too.  Kind of an echo of a memory, if you like."
Linx was dubious.  "Sounds pretty nebulous to me.  Why did we just now lose the trace?"
"Unknown," said Winger.  His fingers were flying over the keyboard, managing ANAD's configuration, checking its parameters.  "Somehow, we lost the trace…just petered out.  It happens.  All you can do is backtrack to a known point and start sniffing again."
Linx stared from the imager display to D'Garza’s still body, lightly breathing, and back again.  He half expected to see the trooper twitch or move a leg or something.  "So where is ANAD now?"
Vogel was keen to keep the upper hand in this demo.  Winger occasionally drifted off into outer space with all his explanations.  It took a real scientist to keep their feet planted firmly on Earth.  "Here's the vascular grid, General--" he fingered the IC display to the side of the imager.  The grid was a 3-D iconic image of D’Garza's skull.  "--I'd say…right about here…basal hippocampus region.  Most of the swarm's about a hundred thousand microns anterior to the lateral septum."
"We're picking up something," Winger muttered.  As Vogel watched over his shoulder, hoping to learn something more to impress the General with, Winger steered through a dense bog of dendrites.  Thickets of axon fibers clouded the imager, now slaved to ANAD's electromagnetic sounder.  "--strong trace…this one's holding, looks like--"
"Stay with it," Vogel encouraged him. He leaned over across Winger, to massage ANAD's configuration, souping up the sensors.
"I'm altering config--" Winger said in a low voice.  "It'll help us sort out the traffic--lots of chem around here--"
D’Garza stirred lightly on the gurney, until Cuddy and another tech steadied her body.  "She's coming back through Level 4," Cuddy muttered.  "We'd better hurry, if we're going to get anything out of this--"
"I'm trying, Sherm.  But I’m picking up high thermals, like big-time atom-breaking…something’s up ahead…could be a halo…."  Winger glared at the imager, flexed his fingers around the hand controllers.  He let ANAD finish changing config, noting that all the other trillion mechs slaved to the master had done likewise, then maneuvered the device into the lee of a dendritic 'breakwater'…sniffing for calcium, sodium, anything it could follow, grabbing molecules left and right, until at last, Winger cracked the barest hint of a smile.  Deep inside the unconscious brain of Stella D’Garza, the Autonomous Nanoscale Assembler/Disassembler blazed away at incredible speed, spasmodically sorting and advancing along the barest whiff of a chemical highway.
Seconds later, a green light illuminated alongside the screen.  The sparky haze began to part--ANAD sent back a signal indicating readiness—
Out of the corner of his eye, Winger saw the maneuver on the imager.  
"Look out!" Cuddy saw it too.  "It’s a halo…all of 'em, coming at us--"
"I thought so!  I'm ready!" Winger muttered.  His fingers flew across the keyboard.  Instantly, ANAD brought all its defensive mechanisms to attack position.  It cast off the hematite shield and closed for battle.
As ANAD sped forward, the swarm of halo bots grew and retracted appendages and surface structure with blazing speeds.  The outer membrane of the mechs seethed with motion, as atoms and clusters of atoms twisted, bonded, twisted again, rebonded, broke apart, recombined, straightened, undulated and whirled.
The gap between them vanished and ANAD grappled with the nearest mech.  Other mechs swarmed to the battlefield.
Winger was stunned by the speed of the assault.  A battalion of halo bots soon engulfed ANAD.  No time to replicate now…got to get free…signal daughters…Winger fired off a burst of instructions to gather all the daughters ANAD had replicated going in.  It might be too late.
The imager screen shook with the collision, then careened sideways.
Several minutes passed.  The imager view vibrated with the ferocity of the attack. In seconds, ANAD was immobilized.
"I can't hold structure!" Winger yelled.  "I'm reconfiguring…shutting down peripheral systems!"
Sherm Cuddy had taken a place beside Winger at the interface controls.  "Got to disengage, Boss…emergency truncation.  Everything not critical.  We've got to get ANAD out of there before we lose him!"
"I'm trying…but the damn mech's penetrated the signal path…if he cuts the link…."
"I know, I know…just keep trying, Jesus…internal bonds on main body structure weakening…I've lost all grappling capability…."
As they watched, the halo bots inside D’Garza’s head systematically dismantled ANAD, molecule by molecule.  ANAD was woefully unprepared for the assault.  
The halo mutated too fast.  Somehow, the mechs seemed to anticipate ANAD's every move.
Winger was awed by the halo’s combat capabilities.  "Incredible," he whispered.  "The perfect warrior.  Must have a hell of a processor."
Vogel agreed.  "Probably quantum, just like ANAD."
They were all stunned at the ferocity of the halo’s response.  
"We're losing signal strength, Colonel!" Cuddy yelled.
"I see it!  They’ve penetrated the matrix.  Main processing functions in danger…I'm counterprogramming…."  Winger pecked madly at the keyboard.
Linx shook a fist at the imager screen, now a dark, swirling mass of shapes and forms.  "Come on, damn it!  Come on…."
But ANAD couldn't hold.  Every move was countered by the nanomechs.  The halo’s response was swift and sure.  Winger, Cuddy, and the others watched in amazement and horror, as one by one, ANAD's capabilities were rendered inert, or completely excised.
ANAD was helpless.
"Got to get the hell out of Dodge," Winger muttered.  While I still can.
Cuddy was checking status.  "It's bad, Colonel.  We've got no electron lens.  No enzymatic knife.  Hardly any effector control.  ANAD's crippled."
Johnny Winger gritted his teeth.  "Not just yet…"  His fingers flew over the keyboard.  "We've gotta get some data…got to probe that bugger, get some structure on him…if I can just get stabilized--"
"Colonel--there's nothing left to stabilize--"
D’Garza's prostrate body shuddered and convulsed.  Vogel held his breath…behind the frothing outlines of the assault, the imager showed swarms of mechs beating back through her cranial plasma, ready to resume their mindless pumping of dopamine.  A low moan escaped her lips.
Despite all odds, Winger wasn't about to give up.  Grimly determined, he piloted what was left of the ANAD horde back for another wrestling match with the enemy.
"Whatever this thing is," he swore to himself, "it reacts like ANAD itself.  I’ve seen this before…inside Symborg."  He worked the config controller, while Cuddy managed status, crossing his fingers that the ANAD master would hold together.
While Linx and Cuddy helped hold D’Garza still, Winger disengaged ANAD, scrunching up an atom group as he tacked against the churning plasma, closing steadily on the nearest mech.  Inside a few dozen nanometers, he siphoned off the mech's outer charge and let the zap break him away.
Reams of bond energy data and config details burst onto the imager.  Cuddy let out a yelp.  The enemy mechs had given up vitals on structure and ANAD snatched the info right out from under him, storing it, pulsing it back to the IC's.
"Now, I gotcha, you little bastard--"
Winger knew he had to get ANAD away while he still could.  The halo mechs swarmed forward at the same time D’Garza convulsed again.
Linx and Cuddy couldn't hold her down.  "Neural seizure, Johnny…they’re eating her alive…"
Vogel was powerless to save her.  He cradled D’Garza's pale face, watching the onslaught on the imager screen.  "Damn mechs have gone berserk…they're shredding neural tissue…flooding synapses--"  D’Garza jerked and spasmed violently, arching her back so far, her spine cracked.  Startled, Vogel fell back and stumbled, scrambling away from her twitching body.
"Mein Gott!”
The doctor backed into Johnny Winger's legs, nearly knocking him off his feet.
At the same time, Winger was determined to get ANAD out of her skull before he lost the assembler completely.
"Executing quantum collapse…NOW!"  Come on baby, get small for me…get real small….
Deep inside D’Garza's brain, the ANAD master collapsed what was left of its own structure in an explosive puff of atom fragments.  Base, effectors, probes and grapplers, even the core shell surrounding its nanoprocessor, went hurtling into the plasma in a big bang of spinning atom parts.
Instantly, ANAD disappeared.  To all intents and purposes, ANAD had effectively vanished in a cloud of blurry quantum waves.
One minute later, Stella D’Garza almost died.

"What happened?" Linx asked.  He was growing more and more annoyed with this harebrained stunt.
"ANAD lost the trail, sir," Winger said.  "I'm trying to go back in and get it back now…but that halo…."
Vogel changed ANAD's config slightly.  "I'll see if dropping a radical off this arm helps--"
Lofton was thoughtful.  "I'd say we have enough right now to charge Sergeant D’Garza.  Conspiracy to commit espionage, sabotage, treason, for starters."
Linx was uneasy with the whole technique.  "Even in the Corps, a trooper accused has a right to counsel."
"It won't help," Lofton told him.  "She's just admitted working with Red Harmony, receiving payment to sabotage ANAD, suborn our op against Symborg."
"Admitted under duress," Cuddy reminded him.  
"Now is not the time to be splitting legal hairs," Linx told them.  "If what we're seeing is half of what really happened, Sergeant D’Garza’s in a mountain of trouble.  Dr. Vogel, just how reliable is this stunt?  How do you know this isn't something out of the woman's imagination?"
"That would take some explaining, General, but the basic answer is in the details of the glutamate molecule, and the trail it lays down.  There are subtle differences when the long-term potentiation is activated from direct sensory input--from external events, as it were--and when it's internally generated.  We've tuned ANAD pretty finely to be able to detect the differences."
Linx gave that some thought.  "How much further can you go with this?  Can you reconstruct everything?"
Vogel shrugged.  "Practically speaking, no.  The more convoluted the traces become--the more they become abstracted into higher levels of the brain--the harder it is to follow them.  There's a practical limit on the concentrations of glutamate that ANAD can follow.  Usually memory traces older than a few weeks are pretty much impossible to follow consistently.  And there is the matter of damage as well."
"Damage?  What kind of damage?"
Vogel wanted to be precise in what he said.  "Every time ANAD follows a trail of glutamate molecules, he slightly damages the molecules in the process of examining them.  We call it a fragmentation trail.  The subject's memories are slightly altered with each probe."
"So this can't be done accurately again, after this probe?"
Vogel nodded imperceptibly, admitting the truth of what the General was saying.  "Let's say the accuracy of the reconstruction suffers with each 'reading' of the trail."
Major Lofton was anxious to continue to exam.  "General, every bit of evidence helps the investigation.  May I remind the General that this trooper holds information vital to defeating the Symborg rallies that are sweeping the world.  Now is not the time to be squeamish--begging the General's pardon--about molecule fragments."
Linx glared at Lofton as if he were some kind of slug to be stepped on.  "I agree with the Major.  Get her ready to continue the exam."
“That won’t be possible, General,” Winger said.  “Her halo’s too strong.  We’d probably kill her if we tried again.”
Lofton said, “I’ve heard of these things.  The cartel embeds halos in all their members.  Helps them keep their troops on the straight and narrow.  She probably has invaluable intelligence on Symborg.  I’m just not sure we can get at it.”
Linx pondered that.  “Then we’ll have to re-think our strategy on dealing with Symborg.  Colonel, meet me in my office in one hour.  I’ve got an idea I want to try out on you.”
With that, Linx left sick bay and vanished into the upper floors of the Quartier-General.

Chapter 3: “Ghost Trooper”

UNIFORCE Headquarters
The Quartier-General, Paris
September 25, 2067
0800 hours

The plan was to be called Operation Quantum Mirror and the whole thing was a charade, an elaborate trick to confound Symborg and his Red Harmony masters.  The mission was to trick D’Garza and her cartel contacts into revealing where Symborg kept his master assembler core bots.  Once that was known, Quantum Corps could mount an op to locate and disable the core and, with any luck, that would be the end of Symborg.
Lofton had revealed that Symborg was planning a major rally in New York City.  His sources had also provided crucial intel that Symborg had been ordered to Red Harmony’s main operations base, thought to be near the Ming Tombs, north of Beijing.  General Linx had approved a proposal to embed nearly-invisible spybots inside D’Garza before she was brought out of sedation.  “They go in and take up positions in her visual cortex, her thalamic nucleus and limbic system.  Anything she hears, sees or smells, the spybots will record it.  They’ve even got an encrypted coupler to burst-transmit the data out on a timed schedule.”
Linx was skeptical.  “Will it work, Lofton?”
The Major shrugged.  “As long as they don’t trigger her halo.”
Johnny Winger had plenty of doubts about that.
Linx took a deep breath.  “This Quantum Mirror mission is one of the more hare-brained schemes I’ve ever approved.  I’ll cut the orders for D’Garza to take a mandatory two-week conditional liberty, supervised release for rest and recuperation.  You really think she’ll contact Red Harmony and give us some leads?”
Lofton didn’t know exactly how to answer that.  “It’s worth a shot, General.  I think her halo will make her do just about anything Red Harmony wants.”

The next morning, Johnny Winger paid a short visit to D’Garza, now awake and slowly gaining strength in her four-by-six-meter cell.
“How do you feel today, Sergeant?”
D’Garza looked up.  “Washed out, Colonel.  Like I just swam the ocean.  Everything hurts.  Especially my pride.”  She looked down at her feet, clad in sandals.  “I’ve disappointed everyone, even myself.”
Winger wasn’t prepared to be soothing.  “You’ve thrown away a promising career, Stella.  That’s what is so disappointing.  The Corps invested a lot in you.  So did I.”
“I know, sir.  If there was any way I could make it all right, I’d jump at the chance.”
“Well, I have a little bit of good news for you.”  He wanted to tell her there was a way, but mission security wouldn’t let him…not yet, anyway.  
“What’s that, sir?”
“Due to your exemplary service record and recent, shall we say, achievements, like the Shiva mission with me, General Linx has prevailed on the JAG to grant you two-weeks’ of conditional liberty.  Call it supervised release.”
“Conditional liberty.  What actually does that mean, Colonel?”
“It means you don’t have to stay in this broom closet, for one thing.  You can leave.  You’ll have to stay in Paris.  Report in to your handler every day.  Oh, and you’ll have to swallow this—” he held up a small capsule.
“Something for headaches?”
Winger handed the capsule to her and, when she was reluctant to take it, firmly placed it in the palm of her hand.  “Spybot souffle, I’m afraid.  A monitor.  It’ll let the big guys know where you are at all times.  If you try to leave Paris…well—” he shrugged.  “I wouldn’t, if I were you.”
“But I’ve got this halo.”
“The whiz kids don’t think this thing will trigger your halo.  In any case, it’s mandatory.  Go ahead, swallow it.”
With a dingy glass of water, she did.  
Winger then asked a few harmless questions, about what she remembered from her time in Beijing and he watched her carefully, noting her eyes were growing heavy, for the monitor was more than a monitor.  It also released a sedative.
In five minutes, Stella D’Garza was out cold on her bunk.
Now we start Phase I, he told himself.  In which Sergeant Stella D’Garza becomes a rather attractive-looking Trojan horse.
For most angels, disassembling the constituent bots of their body configuration into an amorphous horde of mechs took about ten minutes.  But for Johnny Winger, who had been optimized over the years for speed of assembly and disassembly, the process was done in less than five.  To all intents and purposes, what had once seemed as solid as any human being could appear was now a faint mist of flickering lights, wafting and drifting about the cell.  As the process was completed, several containment techs appeared outside the cell, equipped with portable interface controls, to monitor the process of insertion.
Winger discarded most of the bots that had once composed his body and reduced himself down to the master bot core and a few replicants.  Then, as the mission of Operation Quantum Mirror called for, he drifted inside D’Garza’s open mouth, down her throat and esophagus and, after transiting layers of esophageal tissues, homed in on his parking spot for this phase of the mission: a tiny pocket in D’Garza’s aortic arch, just above the left ventricle of her heart.  After some analysis and a few simulations, the spot had been chosen to best hide Winger from D’Garza’s halo, yet provide a straight-forward path through layers of epithelial cells into her brain.  
The technicians satisfied themselves that the insert had gone okay, capped off their visit with a few terse encrypted coupler bursts from Winger himself and left.
Four hours later, Stella D’Garza found herself walking out of the Quartier-General past a phalanx of security stations and dour-looking guards, out into the strong midday sunshine of the Boulevard St. Michel.  She blinked for a few moments, took in all the frenetic traffic zooming by—the turbos, the jetcabs, the hydros and lorries—and headed almost without thinking east along the street. 
Without knowing exactly why, she found herself at an outdoor table at the Café Metropole, with an espresso and baguette.  
“At least, the damn halo’s quiet,” she muttered to herself.  She tore off some bread and chewed thoughtfully.
A shadow fell across the table and she looked up.  A slender woman was blocking the sun.  She was tall, with a floppy hat and oversized sunglasses, accentuating a vaguely Asian face.  She wore a white lacy blouse, its sleeves flapping in stiff breezes, and a rather severe dark blue skirt.
Uninvited, the woman sat down.
“I’m sorry, do I know--?”
“We met before,” Dragonfly said.  “Meridina…the Obrador Inn.”
The discovery sent a chill down D’Garza’s spine.  “Look, they let me out on condition…I don’t think we should be—”
But Dragonfly was in no mood for discussion.  Her face was hard and angular…maybe it was nanoderm that made her look like a statue.  
“Don’t worry.  Your halo blocks all signals.  Quantum Corps is right now experiencing a few…let’s just call them technical glitches…with your monitor.  This won’t take long.”  Dragonfly unfastened a wristpad from her wrist.  “Take this.  You’ll need it.  You’re making a little trip.”
“A trip.”  D’Garza handled the wristpad like it was contaminated.  “You know I can’t leave Paris.  They’ll know if I try.”
“Listen to me.  When you were in Beijing before, you were angeled.  There’s a perfect likeness of you just a few blocks from here, with a monitor emitting signals just like yours.  Your handlers will soon be tracking an angel.  You’re too valuable to us to stay here.”
“Where am I going?”
“That wristpad has a one-way vactrain ticket.  Beijing Chang-an Station.  Board the 1535 at Orly Station.  It’s already paid for.  You’ll be met in Beijing.”
“What’s all this about?  I never agreed to do things like this…direct action things.   Just information…that’s what I signed up for.”
Dragonfly glared at her, though the sunglasses hid her eyes.  “Your halo says otherwise.”
Even before the words were out of Dragonfly’s mouth, D’Garza could feel the headache coming on, the halo stoking dopamine fires in her head.  She held up a hand, “Okay, okay…I get it.  I’ll do what you say.  Stop this…please.  You don’t need to—”
The headaches stopped.
Dragonfly abruptly got to her feet.  “Symborg needs you.  You’re a valuable source inside Quantum Corps.  Don’t miss the vactrain.”  With that, the Asian woman left, disappearing into heavy crowds surging along the sidewalk.  
Stella D’Garza picked up the remainder of her baguette, decided she was no longer hungry and finished off the espresso.  She hailed a jetcab, which took her quickly to the Orly vactrain station.  Waving her wristpad over the scanner, she soon had a boarding pass in the pad and she climbed aboard the Marie Antionette without incident.  It would be a ten-hour ride through subterranean vacuum tunnels, across Europe, Russia, Siberia and China, with stops in Berlin, Moscow, and Novosibirsk.  Dragonfly hadn’t paid for an express ticket, but D’Garza knew this trip alone was probably worth several months of her Quantum Corps salary.
Somebody’s got a burr up his ass to pay for all this, she decided.  
She settled back in her seat, lowered a floppy hat of her own she had purchased and tried to relax.  The very thought of relaxing brought an unexpected smile to her face.  Her brain swam with confusing thoughts and images—Colonel Winger, the Judge Advocate General, Dragonfly, the fiasco of the op that had gone bad at the Hotel Louis XIV, the halo surgery, the memory tracing….
Get a grip, girl.  Focus on now.  She tried an old training trick she’d learned in nog school…focusing on what her own senses were telling her…the smooth fabric of the seat, the cool air blowing in her face from an overhead duct, the feel and the sounds of the vactrain lurching into motion, a whiff of someone’s foul cigar nearby.
Concentrating on her sensory intake alone seemed to calm her nerves.  It didn’t upset the halo either.  After awhile, she dozed off into a pleasant reverie-like memory of that beautiful pony Bandit her Dad had bought for her when she was twelve.  God, he was gorgeous, all silver and black.
Glorying in the delicious flood of memories from that magical fall near Asheville, she never knew what was going on deep inside her own blood vessels, for at that very moment, a few loose nanobots that were all that existed of Colonel Johnny Winger were deliberately making their way through her capillary network toward her head, toward a parking place somewhere inside her visual cortex, soon to ensconce themselves in a position determined by analysis to be perfect for grabbing neural signals her brain would soon be converting into sight and vision.
Positioned properly, Winger’s assembler core would soon be seeing everything Stella D’Garza was seeing.  A separate element had already been dispatched to take up position along D’Garza’s auditory nerve, hijacking signals that her auditory cortex would convert into sounds and words. 
No spy ever had a ringside seat like this, Winger told himself, as he slingshot himself through a forest of lipid molecules, bursting through the blood-brain barrier right into the layers of neural tissue.  Trojan horse, indeed.
Stella D’Garza was left undisturbed by her halo, which never detected Winger’s re-positioning moves, and slept soundly all the way across the whole of Russia and Siberia.

Beijing Chang-an Station was jam-packed with travelers as D’Garza stepped onto the platform.  Unsure of what to do or where to go, she went with the general flow and found herself pushed along toward a kind of food court promenade, lined with dozens of stalls, booths and kiosks.  Spying something that looked like a noodle shop, she headed that way.  Just then a firm hand inserted itself around her arms.
Startled, she whirled around and beheld an olive-uniformed officer of the Peoples Liberation Army.  He had an upturned nose and slit eyes.  There was no smile.  
I guess he’s my contact.
“I’m Major Guang.  Come with me,” the officer said, in a tone that brooked no dissent.  They left the station and came to a small dark-blue hydro in the parking lot. Two more officers were inside and D’Garza quickly found herself sandwiched between them in the back seat.
The hydro pulled out of the parking lot and scooted up Tung Huan Road, past the Worker’s Stadium and a park labelled Altar of the Sun.  They crossed three Ring Roads and soon emerged into the countryside, speeding at over a hundred and fifty kilometers an hour along a nearly deserted highway, toward low, misty hills on the horizon.
D'Garza had the strongest feeling that she had been here before.  Red Harmony’s home, the mouth of the dragon itself.  But no words were exchanged the entire trip.
Signs announcing the Ming Tombs soon appeared, counting down the mileage. 
The hydro stopped just in front of the entrance to the Changling Tomb, its bronze and orange upswept tile roof gleaming in the dusty early-morning light of street lamps.  Escorted by the officers, Major Guang and D’Garza hustled along a curving path made of slate and cut stone, past gargoyles of lions’ and dragons’ heads leering at them, toward the entrance.  Just at a ramp leading up into the entrance hall, twin statues stared back at them, marble likenesses of the Yongle emperor bearded, draped in robes and glaring vacantly at all who approached.
The siting of the Ming dynasty imperial tombs had been carefully chosen according to the  principles of feng shui. According to these, bad spirits and evil winds descending from the North had to be deflected; therefore, an arc-shaped valley at the foot of the Jundu Mountains, north of Beijing, had been selected. This forty-square-kilometer area—enclosed by the mountains in a pristine, quiet valley full of dark earth, tranquil water and other necessities as per feng shui—would become the necropolis of the Ming dynasty. 
A seven-kilometer road named the Spirit Way led into the complex, lined with statues of guardian animals and officials, with a front gate consisting of a three-arches, painted red, and called the "Great Red Gate". The Spirit Way, or Sacred Way, started with a huge stone memorial archway lying at the front of this area. Constructed in 1540, during the Ming dynasty, this archway was one of the biggest stone archways in China. 
They reached the pavilion that was the entrance to the Changling Tomb and went inside.  The pavilion exhibit hall was empty and their hurried steps echoed on tile floors.  Down a curving ramp, past security ropes and barriers, past facial recognizers and unmanned checkpoints, they descended into the tomb entrance and soon found themselves walking single file along a curving corridor inlaid with mosaics and tiles on its walls.  They came to a large, low-ceilinged cavern.
The cavern was filled from one wall to the other with ordered ranks of waist-high terracotta soldiers, horses and chariots, the Emperor’s palace guard, on site to protect the Emperor as he came and went from the underworld.
D’Garza shivered.  “Gives me the shakes.”
No one said a word in reply.
Major Guang had been given step-by-step, turn-by-turn directions on where to go once they were inside Changling Tomb.  The navigation instructions had been loaded in a special module inside his wristpad and he now accessed those files, seeing in his ‘mind’s eye’ clear markers and text indicating what direction they should take.
“This way!” he told the others.
They skirted the edge of the excavation, past ropes and more barriers and plaques in many languages detailing the view below.  Presently, moving slowly but steadily around the pit, they came to a side tunnel, waist high.
It was blocked by wooden barriers and marked off.  They poured into the tunnel past the barriers and soon came to a working archeological dig, a vast pit, lit with strong lamps on all sides, concentric shoveling lines marking the edges of the pit.  They passed tables filled with all manner of implements: picks and chisels, shovels and hammers, sieves and filters and all manner of pans, tools of the archeologist’s trade.
“In here,” Guang ordered, following his nav directions.  Past the excavation was yet another tunnel, this one narrow and low, with a distant sound of burbling water faintly audible.  Rumbles and tremors rocked the tunnel and seams of dust fell on them.
Then the tunnel widened into another cavern and there sat a lift cabin, inside a narrow tube that burrowed into the ground. 
D’Garza and her escort boarded the lift and went down, way down, descending for what seemed like half an hour.  The lift bottomed and the doors hissed open and she found they had entered an antiseptic compound scores of meters below the Tombs.
It was the beating heart of Red Harmony.
 No time for sight-seeing, D’Garza told herself.  Jeez, what Lofton and the intel weenies wouldn’t give for a view of all this.  But her halo chirped at her, thinking that, and she forced herself to think only bland, cartel-approved thoughts.
They came to a small conference room.  Half a dozen people were waiting on them.  D’Garza was told where to sit, right before a row of 3-D pedestals.  At the head of the table, a  modestly obese civilian with a black pencil of a moustache was talking, stopping just long enough for D’Garza to get situated.  He glared at her and she returned the look with a pleasant, if forced smile.  With a start, she realized she recognized the man sitting next to the talker.
It was Symborg himself.  
He was a light-skinned black man of medium-build, though of course, as an angel, she knew he could be anything.  His deep-set eyes burned like coals as he stared her down, before focusing his attention on a tablet in front of him.
What…have I got two heads or something? she asked herself.  
There were others.  D’Garza recognized the Red Harmony boss Souvranamh.  Julius Akamba, a close associate of Symborg, sat beside the angel.  A uniformed officer of the Peoples Liberation Army sat opposite D’Garza; she learned this was General Xi Zhang.
A strange apparition hovered over the far end of the table, an avatar D’Garza assumed, whom everyone addressed as Zero.  The avatar was simply a deep black sphere, perfectly round, featureless except for dots of light.  As she looked closer, she saw images of galaxies and nebulae inside, and had the impression she was staring at a miniature universe itself.  She shuddered.  The avatar—maybe it was actually a swarm of bots instead—remained motionless a meter above the table.
Symborg had been talking when she entered and now resumed with expectations about the upcoming rally in New York.  His voice had a deep and commanding timbre.
“It will be the biggest gathering the Church of Assimilation has ever hosted. We anticipate half a million, almost the full capacity of the Park.”  D’Garza already knew the event was planned for Central Park.  
Souvranamh sniffed.  “How many booths?  We expect a substantial percentage will come to us, rather than your booths.”
Symborg consulted his tablet.  “There should be fifty booths, on our side.  We’ve given you another twenty for your own use.”
Souvranamh seemed mollified.  “The organization expects to gain tens of thousands of new customers out of this.  It’s critical to our Project.”
Now the sphere-avatar spoke, quietly, almost a hoarse whisper.  D’Garza strained to hear.
“The mother swarm welcomes all who come.  Our brother Symborg’s success will be our success.  If successful, Symborg will help prepare for the arrival of the mother swarm, when we hope to encounter a world in a near-primeval state, as it was three billion years ago, and ready for the work of resetting evolution onto a new track, making this world compatible for multi-configuration entities.”
It wasn’t the words so much as the matter-of-fact way the avatar spoke them that sent a chill down D’Garza’s spine.  Who was this avatar?  Quantum Corps Intelligence had dozens of theories about the command structure of the cartel, about who—or what—was on top of the pyramid.  Was it this sphere-avatar thing?  
General Xi spoke up.  He had a pig’s face, wide-flaring nostrils that flared even wider as he spoke, his fingers pointing at Souvranamh.  “What about security?  At the last rally in Paris, a saboteur penetrated your inner circle.   Perhaps you need additional measures.”
Souvranamh now turned to D’Garza, who squirmed a bit under his gaze.  “Ms. D’Garza is our latest security measure.  She’s a trooper and engineer from Quantum Corps.  Outwardly, she’s been assigned to try a similar penetration attempt…we know this from her and from other sources.  But Ms. D’Garza now works for us.  She will handle any such attempts in New York…isn’t that right, Sergeant?  Her inside knowledge of Quantum Corps tactics should prove invaluable.”
D'Garza felt she needed to say something.  “It would help my security job if I knew where the—er, master assembler for Mr. Symborg was located.  I could concentrate my security efforts there, create a tighter bubble around that point.”
Symborg and Souvranamh eyed each other.  D’Garza figured this was a critical piece of information, not given out lightly.  
“Julius will host my core,” Symborg finally announced, indicating Akamba sitting beside him.  Symborg put an arm around Akamba’s shoulders.  “We’ve been through much together, haven’t we, Julius?”
Akamba beamed proudly.  “We have, sir.  It will be my privilege to host your master core.”
Symborg went on.  “If anything happens to me, to this angel—” he tapped his chest—“: Julius has the master…an angel can always been regenerated from that.”
  D’Garza winced slightly from a sharp pain in her head.  Maybe the halo had chirped…but I wasn’t doing anything wrong.  She had no way of knowing that the halo had reacted to something else.  Deep inside her visual cortex, hiding among a dense forest of neural tissue, the master assembler of Johnny Winger was grabbing signals as fast as they came through.  Other replicants were doing the same inside her auditory cortex.  The picture being assembled told Winger that the main effort of Operation Quantum Mirror should be directed at Julius Akamba.  Cut off a snake’s tail and the tail grows back.  Cut off the head and the snake dies.
The mission was to cut off Symborg’s head…for good.
Now he just had to communicate all the intel he was grabbing to the Quantum Mirror team and make sure they knew where to direct their main effort at the New York rally.
The conference went on for awhile longer, then broke up.  D’Garza was taken in tow by Souvranamh himself, after she had spent a few uncomfortable moments in Symborg’s presence—“perhaps we could have dinner together in my quarters,” he suggested.  Souvranamh then steered D’Garza away—she was thankful for that—and proceeded to take her on a brief tour of the facility, particularly an elaborate multi-level control center, two levels down, festooned with maps of every continent and many major cities.
“We monitor halos from here,” he told her proudly.  “Yours, mine, and millions of others. We know what they’re doing.  Which means we know what you’re doing, moment to moment.  Me too.”  He smiled.   
“So your customers are like sheep and you’re the shepherd.”
Souvranamh chuckled.  “Not quite.  Our customers pay to have their halos installed and updated periodically.  We just give them what they’ve paid for…exquisite pleasure on demand.  Any level you want.”
“And if they don’t keep up their payments?”
Souvranamh’s smile faded momentarily, then returned, a car salesman’s face of endless joviality.  “We remind them, that’s all.”
“Oh, right.  Same as my halo reminds me.  Like a dagger in the back of your head.”
Souvranamh turned serious for a moment.  “Ms. D’Garza, you’ve got a lot to learn here.  Symborg’s a phenomenon, a global sensation.  Millions adore him.  They want to listen to him, touch him.  His fans die for him.  That’s unbelievably powerful.  The organization piggybacks on that popularity.  Every time he holds a rally, we gain hundreds of thousands of new customers.  It won’t be long before half the world is halo’ed.  That gives him, and us, tremendous power.  When entire nations are halo’ed and the organization can pleasure them at will, we’ll have the world in our hands.  You can’t ask for more than that.”
“So Symborg works for you?  Did Red Harmony create him, configure the angel?”
She quickly realized she had broached an extremely sensitive subject.  Souvranamh’s face darkened.  Now the car salesman gave her a menacing look.  “We work together.  That’s all you need to know.  I’m surprised your halo didn’t slap you for that; I’ll have to see if it needs adjustment.”
D'Garza decided to try a shot in the dark, an instinct she had honed over many years as an atomgrabber.
“That avatar in the meeting—the sphere—is he in charge?  Does he run things?”
Souvranamh smiled thinly.  “Like I said, we work together.  Zero gives us some ideas, some directions, we act on them and everybody’s happy.”  He grabbed her arm firmly.  “Come on, I’ll show you where halos are developed and improved.  Then we’ve got to get you ready for your little soiree with Symborg tonight.”
But D’Garza wasn’t through.  “You know, Quantum Corps Intelligence has a theory about who really runs Red Harmony.  One theory has it your Big Boss is actually some kind of off-world entity.  Like an alien.  And all the cartel weenies are just arms and legs and fingers of this monster.”
Souvranamh failed to see the humor in that.  “Quantum Corps Intelligence…now there’s a contradiction in terms.”
He practically dragged her on.  But inside Stella D’Garza’s head, the Johnny Winger assembler core just smiled at what he had picked up and thought: give him hell, Stella.  There’s hope for you yet.

D’Garza got through the evening in one piece and found herself, the next morning, on a specially chartered commercial hyperjet winging its way across the Pacific to North America, courtesy of the Peoples Liberation Army, and its special airline China Pacific Airways.  The trip took three hours.  The jet made a short, powered flight to the top of the atmosphere, followed by a few ballistic skips and hops, then a fiery descent back into the atmosphere, plunging through early evening clouds toward New York Kennedy.
It was mid-evening, when the entourage emerged from their convoy of hydro limos at the ornate turrets of the Wayfarers Hotel, situated on Central Park East at 72nd Street.
D’Garza checked in and followed a robo-porter with her bags to her eighteenth-floor room, a level below Symborg’s suite.  She had a job to do right away, coordinating with local law enforcement and contract security on arrangements for the evening’s security bubble.  A multi-ring security perimeter had to be set up around Symborg’s suite, covering the floor below and above, and populated with dozens of patrol bots, sentry mechs, Dominator guards and live humans.  It was a necessarily complicated system, requiring attention to detail and way more give and take than she had expected with NYPD and the contract cops.  But by 2300 hours, all seemed to be in place.
D'Garza made one last perimeter inspection and, sometime after midnight, returned to her room, exhausted, anxious and needed something from Room Service in her stomach before she hit the rack for good.  She wolfed down something approximating a burger, fries and beer, took a quick shower and fell naked into the cool sheets of the bed.
She dropped off to sleep in less than five minutes.
Johnny Winger knew, when he had ascertained from analyzing D’Garza’s growing rhythm of low-frequency delta waves, that she had fallen quickly into a very deep sleep.
Now was the time to make his exit, carefully, gingerly and quietly, so as not to disturb the damned halo riding herd over everything that passed through her hypothalamus and ventral tegmentum like a pissed-off overactive cop. 
Winger gathered his few replicants together and sped up on picowatt propulsors, heading for the optical nerve bundle.  The plan was to eventually exit through the lachrymal ducts in her eye, tacking like a wayward sailboat against the normal flow of tears into her nasal cavity.
The process took an hour.  Fortunately, D’Garza’s halo never chirped.
Once he had exited her body, he configured his assembler core and the small squad of replicants as errant dust motes, finally coming to rest along the outer fibers of the window curtains.  From here, Winger opened a secure, encrypted channel in his coupler and executed several burst transmissions to the Quantum Mirror team, now hopefully embedded elsewhere in the Wayfarer Hotel.  The transmissions detailed all he had learned by hijacking D’Garza’s visual and auditory cortex.  Once armed with the latest tactical intel, Winger knew the detachment would move rapidly into go positions and wait for his signal, the H-hour signal that would initiate the direct-action phase two of the mission.
Configured as a few dust motes on the side of a hotel room curtain, Johnny Winger could only wait himself for all the parts of the plan to finally fall into place.
Waiting was always the hardest part.

Chapter 4: “Semper Fidelis”

The Wayfarer Hotel
New York City
September 29, 2067
1630 hours

The Trojan horse was now inside the enemy camp but the battle had not yet started.  The Quantum Mirror team had meticulously planned, simulated and trained for every eventuality that could be thought of.   The full arsenal of tactical maneuvers might have to be employed: deception and concealment, feints and diversions, mass swarming attacks, dispersal and ambushes, and a variety of weapons as well. 
The tactical plan for direct action called for three squads, Alpha, Bravo and Charlie, one each devoted to the 27th, 28th and 29th floors of the hotel.  Symborg’s suite was on floor 28, but his security forces had thrown up a multi-ringed bubble of protection involving the floors above and below his suite. 
Alpha squad, headed by Jake Voit, would breach, disable and secure the 27th floor, using HERF barrages and magpulser fire for close-quarters action against the Red Harmony guards and contract cops on site.  Charlie squad, headed by Al Glance, would do the same for the 29th floor.  Both squads would then move onto the 28th floor, center of main action, once their perimeters were secured.
Bravo squad would bear the brunt of the assault.  The squad was headed by Angel Barnes, and would engage Red Harmony in a frontal assault just outside Symborg’s suite, and once the suite had been forced, inside as well.
Inside the suite, once the go signal was given, Johnny Winger would command his own assembler core into a big bang, max-rate replication, to stun and overwhelm nanobotic and human defenses there.  The task of MOB’ing and, if needed, dispatching Julius Akamba, who hosted Symborg’s master, and the angel Symborg itself, would fall to Winger, with assistance from Charlie squad.  
The biggest unknown was Stella D’Garza.  Would she move to defend Symborg?  Or would she revert to her atomgrabber training and join in the assault with her one-time fellow troopers?  No one knew but Winger had decided that Quantum Mirror could not depend on her assistance tactically.
“If she interferes, she has to be immobilized…and, if necessary, terminated,” Winger had communicated.  
That had raised a lot of eyebrows.  To fire on a fellow trooper….
The plan depended completely on speed and timing.  When Winger sent the go signal, all hell would break out on the top floors of the Wayfarer Hotel.

Johnny Winger continued to send last minute recon updates via bursts from his coupler right up to the last moment.  The final minutes seemed to last forever.  Then, his timer announced that H-hour had come.
“Supernova!” came the go call.
In that moment, all squads erupted into action.  The corridors of the 27th, 28th and 29th floors of the hotel exploded with thunderclaps of rf as each squad conducted forcible entry into each hall, slamming the barrier nanobots with megawatts of radio frequency waves. By the trillions, fried bots from the barrier shields collapsed and clattered to the floors.  Once the barriers were down, quantum troopers sprayed suppressing fire up and down the halls, forcing the defenders to seek whatever shelter they could find: credenzas, tables, chairs, anything at hand.  Lines of beamfire stitched back and forth but the surprise and violence of the assault had stunned the bad guys and they were quickly surrounded and immobilized by Mobility Obstruction Barrier nets before any serious casualties were sustained.
The results were much the same on the 27th and 29th floors, for the recon Winger had provided gave Alpha and Charlie squads an unsurpassed advantage	in forcing the barriers, immobilizing the defense and securing the perimeters.  Inside of five minutes, minus several casualties among the defenders, Jake Voit and Al Glance both announced on the crewnet that their sectors were stable and secure.  Now, both squads moved inside stairwells toward the 28th floor, where Angel Barnes had already run into much stiffer resistance.
Barnes, Cuddy and newly minted trooper Gabriel Lopes were effectively pinned down at the stairwell entrance by enveloping return fire from well-armed Red Harmony agents and contract cops.
“At least the barriers are down,” Barnes muttered.  She peeked around the edge of the stairwell door and got off several rounds of magpulse, trying to quiet a particularly energetic  guard hiding behind a table outside Symborg’s suite.
Opposite her, Sherm Cuddy muttered, “We should HERF ‘em again, Angel.  Slam ‘em with a barrage.  That could stun ‘em enough to make re-positioning easier.”
“They’ve got a clear line of fire all along the hall,” Barnes told him.  “They’d pick us off in no time.”
It was Lopes, his greasy black hair slick with sweat and fresh out tactical class in nog school, who had the best idea.
“Maskirovka,” Lopes argued.  “We wargamed it last year.  Use our personal ANAD systems to fab a big swarm of bees or flies or something that looks like them.  Swarm the bad guys and while they’re fighting off that, we coordinate with Alpha and Charlie coming out of the lift and catch ‘em in a cross-fire.”
Barnes snorted.  “What a cockamamie scheme.  Learned that in class, did you?”
“It worked in the sims and games.”
“Let’s give it a shot already,” Cuddy suggested.  “We’re hopelessly pinned down here.  We need some kind of diversion.”
Barnes relented and let Lopes extract his personal ANAD master, program the config and launch the bots.  While he was doing that, Barnes got on the crewnet and described the idea to Voit and Glance.  Both squads then altered their approaches, with Alpha coming up the lift.  Coordination would be critical.
The air over the door to Symborg’s suite burned supernova hot as Lopes’ bots replicated like mad and soon the corridor was thick with bee-like bots exploding in mindless exponential overdrive.  
Alarmed, the defenders screamed and shrieked and flailed helplessly, firing wildly around the hall, trying to fend off the mass swarm attack.
At Barnes’ signal, Bravo squad scuttled out from the stairway, mags firing through the dense haze of the swarm.  At the same time, Alpha squad burst out of the lift door in a blaze of supporting beamfire, moving laterally across the hall to a vestibule at the far end.  
Soon, the defenders were caught in a murderous crossfire.  One guard took mag rounds to his face and shoulders, and fell out onto the carpet, dead and smoking like a beef brisket.  A guttural oomph! could be heard as another guard was hit.
The return fire then began to fall off.
Barnes yelled out.  “Throw down your weapons!  NOW!  Kick ‘em out where I can see ‘em!”
One by one, the remaining guards did as ordered.  Quick as a cat, Cuddy crawled forward and fired his own MOB canister, enveloping all three survivors in a fine mesh, as the bots fell on them and contracted each into a mumbling, writhing mass on the carpet.   In seconds, the mobility nets had bound the guards into a tight cocoon, which Lopes and Cuddy proceeded to drag roughly toward the open lift doors.  Charlie squad helped secure them.
Barnes turned at a sharp sound from inside Symborg’s suite.  She saw the doors to the suite were still shielded, the door jambs flickering with pops and flashes of light as the bots surged out in reaction to their presence.
“Cuddy, Lopes! Hit that door.  HERF the hell out of it, mags too!  We’ve gotta breach now and help Colonel Winger!”
Almost as one, every trooper on the floor hosed down the ornate French doors.  A terrific red and white flash ensued, dusting everyone nearby with fried bots as rf waves slammed the entrance.  The doors collapsed in a spray of flame and smoke.  Once the smoke had cleared, only a ring of smoldering cinders remained and all of them saw the brilliant supernova of a big bang in progress inside the suite.
“Come on!” Barnes yelled.  “All squads, move in!”
The troopers plunged into the maelstrom, flailing at stinging bots everywhere.  It was chaos.  Out of the corner of her eye, Barnes saw forms moving through the haze, indistinct and shadowy.  She couldn’t fire; there was no telling who they were.  Instead, Barnes ordered all troopers to secure the perimeter of the suite, top and bottom floor.
The center of the vortex of bots seemed to be around a large table, trailing off to a bathroom and another hall.
Barnes had no way of knowing, but at the first sounds of the HERF barrage outside, Stella D’Garza had leaped to her feet, knocking over lamps and chairs.  She knew that sound, she knew it from years of atomgrabber missions.
“Akamba, Symborg…get down!  On your knees…here…follow me…into this hall, into the bathroom!”  She had already scoped out safe havens throughout the suite in case some kind of forced entry was tried.  Now her fears had come true and she reacted with speed and precision, just as years of training had burned into her.
Her halo had also reacted to nearby threats and was squeezing the life out of her head.  The pain was searing and she bit through her tongue to make it stop.  Blood dribbled out the sides of her mouth—I don’t need this shit right now!—she steered Symborg and Akamba crawling on hands and knees, down a nearby hall and both of them into a tiled bathroom, almost a suite in itself.  She slammed the door shut with her shoulders, then fell heavily to her side to deal with the damned halo.
I don’t need this…I don’t need this crap!
Johnny Winger had seen what was happening.  He grabbed atoms and made himself semi-Normal, letting the rest of his body shell fill out as he scuttled through the bot haze toward D’Garza and the hall.
“Got to get in there and grab Symborg’s master!” he muttered to himself.  He couldn’t see much visually, but he still had acoustic and electromagnetic sensors he could use and he felt his way, around the table, across overturned chairs and lamps, around a broken etagere and a bookcase, toward a dim shape in the distance.
It was D’Garza herself, on her knees, changing out cartridges in her own mag weapon.  Out of the murk, Winger fell upon her and knocked her sideways to the floor.  They wrestled for a moment, with Winger finally kicking the mag pistol away.
“D’Garza, get out of here…give yourself up…get to Barnes or Voit or Glance.  Don’t do this!”
She slammed Winger in the face, more or less useless against an angel, but it stunned him nonetheless.  “Colonel…don’t…I can’t…I don’t want to do this—” She wrenched a hand free and was about to grab Winger’s hair and try to slam his face against the table legs, but angels were tricky and he spun out bots from his head and all she was had in her hand was smoke and haze, loose bots dispersing.
Furious and frustrated, she tried fists in the face, but even as she flailed and swung wildly, hitting nothing, she knew it was hopeless.  It was like trying to punch fog.  Angels could do that.  They could gather and disperse their outer shell bots at will.  Hand-to-hand against an angel was ludicrous and always useless.  Still, she had to try.
“ Sergeant D’Garza…Stella—” Winger raised his voice over the shouts and sporadic beamfire and HERF barrages behind them, “—don’t make me do this—”
“Get away!” she shrieked.  “God…my halo…it’s killing me…it’s squeezing--!” Inside her skull, the halo bots had gone berserk, stoking the fires of dopamine hell inside her ventral tegmentum.  Red Harmony halos even had effects on neuromuscular cells and she found her hands and arms moving of their own will.  She was a puppet now, no longer in control, and she watched with growing horror as her right hand moved to a capsule in her jacket breast pocket, withdrawing a capsule with her own personal bot master inside.  The damned halo was going to fire the thing off, envelope the both of them in a cloud of angry bots, swarm the both of them until nothing was left but atomic fluff and ash.  
Winger saw her fighting back, using a barely controlled left hand to grab and stop the right hand.  He tightened up his own config and swung out his own arm, slapping and shoving at the recalcitrant right hand, but it was strong and too late.  The capsule opened and D’Garza’s bot master flew out, straightaway big banging its own deadly swarm.  In seconds, they were both cocooned in a swelling cloud of bots, both slapping and flailing and swinging at sharp stinging attacks.
Now Winger changed his outer config one last time, to something more dispersed, the better to deal with D’Garza’s halo bots.  At first, he didn’t notice what her left hand was doing now…for it had slipped from view and was groping on the floor for the dropped mag pistol.  Her fingers found the weapon, and in a flash, she brought the pistol around, jammed a finger onto the trigger and aimed the muzzle…
…at her own head.  She squeezed off as many rounds as she could and her head exploded in a violent eruption of bone and muscle and blood, spattering Winger and a nearby chair and the walls.
Winger jerked back, scrambled to his feet and stared in horror at the twitching, still convulsing, jerking and trembling form at his feet.
Finally, she was still, her head now only a pulsing blood pump and she bled out onto the carpet.
He swallowed hard…an old reflex from his Normal days.  Stella D’Garza, caught in the deadly vise of her own halo eruption, had sacrificed herself.  She had put the mag to her temple and fired point-blank.  She had destroyed herself to give Winger and Quantum Mirror a fighting chance at Symborg and his Red Harmony goons.
He shook his head and went groping and stumbling down a nearby hall, heading for the bathroom suite where his ultimate targets were huddled.

The bathroom was almost a mansion in itself, built of three rooms, with walk-in marble showers, ornate gilded clubfoot tubs and baroque, decorative tile and mosaic everywhere.  With help from Angel Barnes and Sherm Cuddy, the paneled doors were quickly forced in a burst of beamfire and Winger slid in, changing his outer config one last time to a loose combat swarm setup for close-quarters action.
He found Symborg and Akamba both in a fitting room in the back.  Symborg was already dispersing himself as only angels could.  But Cuddy brought that to a quick halt with a few quick shots from his mag carbine.  The Symborg angel exploded like a scarecrow in a hurricane and vanished from view, scattered into atom fluff in seconds.  
But Julius Akamba, still hosting the Symborg master, was another story.  
Physically, Akamba was still built like the wrestler he had once been, even securing several Olympic medals in Greco-Roman for his native Kenya.  
He stumbled backward, tripped over the legs of a small table and fell heavily to the tile floor.  As the swarm that was Johnny Winger approached, Akamba produced a small mag pistol and got off a few rounds.  It was like shooting bullets into smoke.  Winger came on relentlessly.
Any first-year nog student from Molecular Ops class could have told you: a live flesh-and-blood human being against a combat swarm properly configured was not a fair fight.  First order of business: immobilize the hands and feet.  Winger fell on the writhing Akamba like a malevolent fog and detached elements of his main formation to secure Akamba’s hands and feet.  The assistant was soon screaming and shrieking in pain at the top of his lungs.  Moments later, he had no hands and feet, merely stumps of loose atomic debris and clouds of molecular ash. 
Winger used Akamba’s open mouth to enter his body and begin searching for the Symborg master core he knew was hosted there.  Even as Akamba thrashed and flailed about, Winger dove deeper down his throat and perfused himself through layers of tissues into the man’s chest cavity. He probed and hunted for a few moments, until his sensors got some kind of hit: high thermals and noise off at an angle from his current course.  He revved his propulsors and sped toward the indication, noting there were some big-time decoherence waves emanating from the target…a sure indication of a quantum source dead ahead.
Steadily, he closed on the target, priming his bond disrupters and enzymatic knife and carbene grabbers as he did so.
The sensor readings were puzzling and Winger had the faintest memory of having seen this pattern before…a long time ago, in an ice cave on the surface of the Jovian satellite Europa.
And then he was upon the source.
The line of Symborg’s assembler master bots was arrayed before him like a row of battleships.  
As he sped forward, the Symborg bots grew and retracted appendages and surface structure with blazing speeds.  The outer membrane of the mechs seethed with motion, as atoms and clusters of atoms twisted, bonded, twisted again, rebonded, broke apart, recombined, straightened, undulated and whirled.
The gap between them vanished and Winger grappled with the nearest mech.  Other mechs swarmed to the battlefield.
Winger was stunned by the speed of the assault.  A battalion of Symborg soon engulfed him.  No time to replicate now…got to get free…signal daughters…Winger fired off a burst of instructions to gather all the daughters he had replicated going in.  It might be too late.
The imager screen shook with the collision, then careened sideways.
"I can't hold structure!" he muttered.  "I'm reconfiguring…shutting down peripheral systems!"
As he flailed about helplessly, Symborg systematically dismantled his bots, molecule by molecule.  He seemed woefully unprepared for the assault.  With ruthless efficiency, Symborg mechs whirred and chopped every device Winger could generate.  He tried to counter, replicating probes, inserters, jaws, cilia, pumps, blowers--but it was no use.
And through it all, he had the strong impression he had been here before.
Symborg mutated too fast.  Somehow, the mech seemed to anticipate his every move.
Winger was awed by Symborg's combat capabilities.  "Incredible," he whispered.  "The perfect warrior.  Must have one hell of a processor."
He struggled in amazement and horror, as one by one, all of his capabilities--fine motor control, attitude and orientation, propulsors, sensors, molecule analysis, replication--were rendered inert, or completely excised.
Johnny Winger was helpless.  Now, he was sure he had been here before, engaging this very adversary.  As he struggled and writhed, trying to extricate himself, the memory of a very bad place came flooding back…a cave on Europa…a place called Rhadamanthys Linea….

Winger and Starnes descended lower into the cave, following the readings on Starnes’ sensors.  Deeper into the cave, they followed a drifting mist that wavered in and out of view. Bots, Winger realized.  His fingers twitched on the carbine trigger, but he did nothing.  They descended several levels, crossed a rock bridge across a deep chasm and maneuvered through more tunnels.  Lighting was created by the mist, a pulsing, flickering light that cast deep shadows on the gnarled veins of rock lining the cave.  The floor was slick, patches of ice everywhere.  Soon enough, they came to a narrow opening, barely waist high.  More light flickered from inside.
The mist of bots which had floated with them swirled like dust in a storm and gathered around the opening like a frame, coruscating and flashing as if lit from within.  Bonds were broken and atoms slung together…in moments, the mist formed itself into a small ramp, extending over a sluggish pool of water.  How could water exist here, at this temperature, this pressure? At least, Winger thought it was water, even as tendrils of steam hovered over the surface like a fog.  
Cautiously, the two of them edged out onto the newly formed ramp and walked ahead.
It was the light they first noticed.  Starnes sucked in a breath as they both halted, at the same time.
“General, my readings are going off-scale…EMs, thermals, all of it.  Whatever it is, it’s big—maybe we should stop here?”
Winger gave that some thought.  “That light is where we need to go, Lieutenant.  Come on—“
The light grew stronger, blinding, so powerful it hurt, and both men tuned their visor filters to maximum setting to shut it out.  Still, the light was overpowering.
They came at last to a small branch and a shoulder-high opening.
“Which way, Starnes?”
“To the right, sir.  Readings are all off-scale now…but I’d say to the right.”
So they went right. Hunched over, picking their way carefully down a slight decline, sliding on ice patches and loose rock.
The center of the light was a swarm of incredible density.  Winger called a halt.  Ahead, blocking their way was a blinding orb of light, liked a small supernova, pulsating, throbbing with brilliance so strong they could almost taste it.  Fierce light and throbbing motion, it was like looking into the heart of a star.
Starnes had screwed his eyes almost shut.  His visor was on auto, full filter.  Still, it hurt.  “What the hell is it?”
Winger squinted.  “Unless I’m mistaken, Lieutenant, we’re looking at the core of the Keeper.  The very heart.  My sensors are gone, useless.”
“Mine, too, sir…is it my imagination or is that thing coming our way?”
The orb…sphere…ball…whatever you wanted to call it, did seem to be expanding.  Every corner and seam of the rock walls glowed with incandescence, like the entire cave was on fire.  
“I think you’re right, Starnes.  Enable weapons…we may have to—“
But he never finished the thought.  For in that moment, the orb seemed to explode at them.
“Fire!” Winger yelled.
Both men let fly a volley of rf from their HERF carbines.  The radio waves shattered sprays of rock and ice off the cave walls and reverberated around the cave in a crescendo of waves, nearly knocking them off their feet.  
There was no discernible effect on the orb, which shone like the Sun at the back of the cave.
“Again!” Winger yelled.  “Light ‘em up!”  He triggered pulse after pulse of HERF fire, hosing down the orb from top to bottom, methodically working his weapon across the face of the thing.  Each blast loosened gouts of rock and ice from the walls, which rained down on them, then cascaded in sheets to the floor.  Stifling hot dust billowed everywhere. 
“It’s not working!” Starnes cried.  “I’m going to max!”  He cycled the burst selector to FULL and leveled more fire into the very heart of the beast.  Again, pulse after pulse after pulse and the orb didn’t dim or change in any way they could see.  Instead, it swelled outward like a brilliant balloon, creeping inexorably forward, filling every cubic centimeter of the cavern, until Winger was afraid the ceiling would collapse.
“Starnes, back up!  Fall back!  We’d better give this bastard some room!”
Starnes didn’t have to be told twice.  The Comms and Signals officer scrambled backward, stumbling, kicking, firing blindly at the oncoming thing. 
“It’s not working,” Winger fell back too, nearly right on top of the Lieutenant.  “The bots are replicating as fast as we burn ‘em…Jeez, I’ve never seen anything like that before.  Let’s get back to the main tunnel!”
The two of them stumbled and crawled and staggered back up to the branch opening, half blinded, as much by feel as anything.  The orb continued to throb and pulse, overwhelming the cave with blinding light.
Winger knew they needed help, ideas, something, anything.  Doc III may have an idea.  His embed usually could be counted on for logical suggestions.  He tapped a button on his wristpad and a small port swung open on his hypersuit shoulder.  While he and Starnes steadied themselves, hiding behind at outcrop of rock, and took stock of the situation, a small sparkling mist issued from the port on Winger’s shoulder.  In moments, the mist had formed the faint outlines of a face—Doc Frost’s face—in the blinding glare of the light, the face was hard to see, but Winger knew it was there.
“Doc, we need help…that thing replaces bots as fast as we fry ‘em.  The HERF guns won’t go any higher…any ideas?”
***General, the entity is a formation of nanobotic elements, density greater than 10exp15 elements per cubic centimeter…such density has never been encountered before by this system.  I don’t see how normal operations are even possible at that level of concentration…perhaps you could grab a few elements for analysis?***
Winger almost laughed at that.  “Not bloody likely, Doc…not in that inferno.  It keeps expanding…I think maybe Metcalf was right…we should just back the hell out of here and seal off this cave with MOBnet.”
***Analyzing all known tactical scenarios now…perhaps if you loosened enough rock along the seams of the cave ceiling…you could bury or distort the formation, at last for a short time…I have no other options at this time, General…sorry…***
The Doc Frost face faded momentarily and was lost in the glare.  Winger wondered if the embed would even work properly in such close proximity to the Keeper.  There had been issues with ANAD reliability during the Jovian Hammer mission ten years before, when operating near the Keeper.  
Winger pressed the CAPTURE button on his wristpad and the image of Doc Frost faded to nothing, as the bots drifted back toward his shoulder capsule.  At that same moment, Starnes’ voice erupted over the crewnet.
“General…look!  It’s changing…it’s--!”
The sun-like core of the Keeper had stopped expanding and dimmed slightly, but more importantly, a portion of the orb the size of a head had separated and was drifting freely toward them.  The ball of light pulsed and throbbed and roiled like a miniature star as it settled onto a small ledge below the cave opening.  
“What the ---?”
Even as they watched, the small lightball was changing before their eyes, dimming fast, swelling and stretching, like a flaming sheet unfolding.  It unrolled itself like a blanket on fire.  Now, images began to appear on the blanket, as if it were a screen.  Images unspooled at high speed, colliding and mixing in a chaotic flicker.  Soon enough, the images began to stabilize.
Johnny Winger was stunned to see a passable impression of old Doc Frost, hanging in mid-air, framed by a backdrop of a screen burning around the edges.
“What is it?” Starnes said.  
“Some kind of simulation,” Winger told him.  “I’ve seen stuff like this before…the Keeper can do this.  It’s—“
Now the Doc Frost thing was talking, its mouth and lips were moving, as if a film strip were playing.  In the backdrop, colliding images appeared and disappeared in dizzying profusion…desert sandstorms, fires burning out of control, volcanic eruptions, asteroids impacting a surface, earthquakes, landslides, tsunamis.  A litany of disaster.
The voice, when it came, was a scratchy, out of synch rendition of Doc Frost, recognizable but thick, slurred, reverberating with echoes and overtones.  
Winger and Starnes strained to hear….
“…when the Central Entity arrives…this I have known for many years, Johnny…ever since I extracted the viral genome at Engebbe and inserted it into ANAD—“
Winger felt a chill go down his back.  “Somehow the Keeper’s created a likeness of Doc Frost…it’s using that to communicate….”
“Looks like a history class I had in school,” Starnes muttered.  “That’s pretty much how I remember it, too…all jumbled up and confusing, dates and places and names.”
“You may be more right than you think.  Listen—“
Frost narrated, not a history, but a plan.  Winger realized that the Keeper was illustrating what was to come.  It was all there, the knowledge of the Old Ones and their plan, embedded in the genome of every ANAD system created since the first one.  Frost told them that it taken years for him to realize that, years of decrypting and analysis, guesses and backtracking, before he had put the whole story together….
It was called the Imperative.  And it was driven by a massive algorithm known as the Prime Key.
Winger looked behind…Starnes was still there, clinging to a rock outcrop, HERF carbine trained.  He fidgeted, motioning for Winger to come on, his hands extended out to help.
The truth was that Winger felt his whole life had been leading to this very moment.  That made sense, didn’t it?  That could happen, couldn’t it?   For over fifty years, he had battled with and against ANAD bots.  Now the thing wanted him to become one, or at least a swarm of bots.  Maybe Doc Frost was right…maybe this was the future.  Maybe this was his future.  Rene was gone.  Dana was an angel.  Liam was heading that way.  What did he have to go back to?
“Lieutenant,” he called up to Starnes, “get out of here.  I’ve got to face this thing.”
Starnes looked incredulous, evident even behind his hypersuit helmet.  “General, don’t be crazy.  We can blast this thing.  We can MOBnet the cave.  Give me your hand—“
But Winger knew the decision was here and the time was now.  “No, Starnes, get your ass out of here.  Tell Metcalf and Yamato, this is personal.  It’s something I have to do.”
“General, no one expects you to be a hero.  You can’t fight off that cloud of bugs by yourself…let us help.  Live to fight another day…”
Winger had made up his mind, sort of.  “Starnes, get lost!  That’s an order!”  He looked back at the Lieutenant.  For a brief moment, they glared at each other: Starnes…ready to get on with the mission, young, full of tactics and courage and Winger…worn down, wise but resigned to fate, facing the hardest decision of his life.
Starnes backpedaled and hauled himself out of the cave branch, his hypersuit glowing red and blue-white from the Keeper’s glow.  “Have it your way, General.  We’ll send the cavalry in soon as I get topside.”  Then he groped for footing in the loose soil and ice and was gone.
Now Winger turned to face the Keeper, the Doc Frost image fading fast.  Soon, only the blinding brilliant orb hung in the air in front of him.
Time to have a chat with Doc.  The Doc III swarm was still embedded in his shoulder capsule.  Winger decided to open a comm channel and leave the little bugger protected as much as he could inside the capsule.  He cocked his head just so, and the connection was made.
“Doc, for once in my life, I don’t know what to do.”
***Johnny, the entity is generating decoherence waves at a high rate…a quantum displacement event may be imminent…recommending you evacuate the cave and achieve minimum safe distance of one thousand meters***
“Doc, I can’t do that.  The thing wants to assimilate me, deconstruct me.  You saw the imagery same as me.  Maybe that’s the best way to fight this bastard.  Go small and go inside, fight from inside.  What do you think?”
***General, we have had two thousand four hundred and one exchanges on the subject of single versus multiple configuration entities.  Multi-config has many advantages…would you like me to enumerate them?***
“No, that’s okay.  I just don’t know if I want to do this.  For half a century, I’ve been fighting Bugs.  Now, maybe it’s time to become one.  I guess I need some encouragement, some rationale that says this is the right thing to do.”
Winger felt a brief sting around his left shoulder.  What the hell is he doing in there?  Maybe Doc III was mad or something. 
***Perhaps your concerns relate to a fear that your essence, your unique identifying molecular patterns, will be lost…that you will cease to be you, but rather will be a small part of something much greater.  I can cite many articles, papers and theses dealing with the psychology and neural substrates of these fears, if you would like***
“Doc, you just said something…my unique patterns…is it possible to be deconstructed and still somehow retain those patterns?  Could I be a cloud of Bugs and still be me?”
Now it was Doc III’s turn to ponder.  The comm channel was silent and Winger wondered if the connection had been lost.  Maybe the Keeper had detected the link.  
“Doc--?”
***Your question is in processing at this time…please wait for the analysis…the question was studied as part of a research project by Doctor Irwin Frost from 12 June to 3 August, 2052, at the Autonomous Systems Laboratory.  Evaluating archival references, referencing paper 52-105-1 “Incidence of Long-lived Engrammatic Trace Patterns in Neural Tissue.”  From the Conclusions paragraph…’…unique molecular configurations can be maintained if—‘***
“Doc, give it to me in plain English, please.”  He eyed the glowing sphere, which seemed to be again slowly expanding, drifting toward him.  Winger backed himself up the incline a few meters and readied his HERF carbine, more out of instinct than anything else.  
***Summarizing the conclusions of this and related papers, the answer to your question is a qualified yes…Dr. Ryne Falkland demonstrated that a unique neural pattern impressed on a physical substrate of tissue can be maintained by imposing a buffering field…I will show you the vid of his presentation to UNIFORCE on 10 August 2050… ‘it’s something I call a ‘memory field.’  Kind of a new config pattern emitter and buffer.  Plus we’ve tweaked the algorithms.  The whole idea is to perform a normal disassembly, then the resulting atomic debris is held in a special containment field that keeps the relevant atoms in close proximity. The field maintains a ’memory’ of the original configuration.  This memory field is a completely new design, in which all the original atoms and molecules and their bond energies and geometries are stored and used to re-construct the original.’”
Winger watched the vid unfold on his eyepiece.  By the time it was over, he had made up his mind.  “So it is possible.  Doc, I want to be deconstructed.  I want you to do it.  And I want you to try this technique Falkland talks about.”
***General, there are inherent risks in applying this memory field.   I must check my files and determine that I have the correct modules to execute this procedure.  If I have these files, the risk factor is still quite high…estimating probability of success at about forty-five percent.  I may not be able to re-construct you with a high level of fidelity***
“I hear what you’re saying, Doc.”  The Keeper sphere was now only a few meters away, its roiling surface flicking tongues of fire at him, but all of it in silence, save for a growing buzz in his ears.  “I have to do this.  I’m going to launch you from the capsule.  Execute disassembly operation…execute memory field procedure.  Make me a cloud of bots, Doc—and hurry up, will you?  I don’t want this bastard to swallow me first.”
He cycled his shoulder port and tapped out the launch sequence on his wristpad.  Moments later, the faint, sparkling vapor of the Doc III swarm began issuing into the air.  The embed erupted and rapidly formed a diffuse swarm of bots, which contracted onto Winger’s hypersuit and soon enveloped him in a fine mist.
***Executing configuration C-2 breakdown now…spinning up all effectors…bond disrupters primed…memory field enabled…here goes, General…wish me luck…***
Winger had only thoughts of Dana and Rene and Liam as he let Doc swarm over his suit.  In seconds, he was fully enveloped and he could already hear the high keening buzz as the bots chewed into the laminate of the outer shell.
“I hope to hell this doesn’t hurt too much,” he said to himself.  “Dana, I promised you I’d come home from this…even if I do look a little different.”
The entire process took about five minutes.  Just as the final phase of dematerializing was done, the fiery sphere of the Keeper swelled outward and swept up the incline, consuming every remaining atom that had once been Johnny Winger.
Now, only the memory field remained.  The Doc swarm compressed the field and hid it in a small file labeled ‘Configuration Buffer Status Check,’ adding a few extra bytes to a seemingly innocuous file, hoping that the Keeper would never notice the extra bytes.  
All that had once been Johnny Winger was now contained in this file.
And Doc III knew that somehow, some way, this file would have to be maintained, if there was to be any chance of defeating the Keeper.  
Strong configuration fields tore and buffeted Doc III as it began to be fully absorbed into the greater swarm of the Keeper.  Bonds and links were broken down, atoms were rearranged and new geometries were formed as new patterns and configs were quickly imposed.  
But Doc III knew a few tricks of his own….

Johnny Winger shook himself out of the memory.  So that was it.  Symborg was Configuration Zero…a Keeper replicant.  Or at least, part of Config Zero inhabited the Symborg assembler master core.  But how to get free and deal with this bastard.
Winger still had a few effectors free.  An idea came to him.  As the great Chinese quantum trooper Sun Tzu had put it best: “Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.”  
Carefully, molecule by molecule, Winger used his free effectors to grab loose bits of debris.  It was a nutty idea, really, with very little chance of working.  But by wriggling and squirming against the clutches of the Symborg bots, he was able to assemble a reasonable duplicate of his own master bot, complete with fake actuator mast, propulsors, all manner of effectors, a fake that would never pass close inspection but might well distract Symborg just long enough.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
Molecule by molecule, over how many minutes he never knew, Johnny Winger assembled a decent model of his own master bot, now itself imprisoned in the cage of effectors of a Symborg bot.  Power cells, sensors, bond disrupters, the quantum kernel…he knew the design by heart and he slowly put together a rag doll of a master bot mostly by feel.  
He could just feel a slight lessening of the cage effectors holding him.  Symborg had seen the fake master and it was thinking, studying, wondering, calculating.
When Winger judged the moment right, he pushed ever so slightly against the cage and found he could burst free.
In that same moment, he toggled a big bang, max-rate replication and his own effectors began slamming atoms like a frantic brisk mason, slurping up every nearby atom and molecule he could find.
Stunned by his escape and the ferocity of the attack, the Symborg bots resisted for a moment, then retracted and quickly withdrew.  The assembler core’s processor evaluated the tactical situation in a few nanoseconds and calculated the correlation of forces was no longer optimum.  Retreat and re-grouping was now in order.
The Symborg master bot, perhaps possessed by Configuration Zero itself, quickly fell back.  
Now was his chance.  Winger had fashioned a small cage of his own, intending to speed forward and grab whatever he could of the master’s bots.  He closed the gap, and swooped in on a single bot lagging behind the others, pinioning the thing with his carbene grabber, zapping it with a bond disrupter and shoving the struggling bot into his makeshift cage, like grabbing a rabid dog and tossing it into a crate.  
He could do no more, for the rest of Symborg’s fleet had scattered and dispersed among the molecules that had once comprised Julius Akamba.  Unseen by Winger, a small puff of bots emerged from Akamba’s broken nose, lifted away on faint air currents and dispersed themselves through seams of the window seals out into the air beyond the Wayfarer Hotel.  The small fleet’s destination was unknown, but later analysis of faint decoherence wakes, extrapolated to a final destination, indicated Beijing, China was a likely possibility.  
The bulk of the Symborg assembler core was gone.  But Winger had a single bot from Symborg, now imprisoned in a cage.  He maneuvered his way out of Akamba’s body, emerged into the still smoking air of the huge bathroom, and sensed the presence of other humans, Normals now gathering around.
“Look…” it was Al Glance, pointing to faint tendrils of smoke issuing from Akamba’s mouth.  “That may be—”
“I think it is,” Angel Barnes said.  
The troopers backed away and kept their weapons trained on the ghostly presence now forming up before their eyes.  You could never be too careful.  An enemy swarm was an enemy swarm, until it was proven otherwise.
But, as Trooper Barnes had suspected, this was no enemy swarm.  Moment by moment, the face, shoulders, arms and legs of Colonel Johnny Winger materialized in front of them, first as a faint glimmer of a trace, then a shadowy outline, then increasingly solid and substantial, until after nearly five minutes, the grinning face and body of the atomgrabber had taken shape, standing astride the cold, still remains of Akamba.
In his hands, Winger clutched a small seed-like object.
“One of Symborg’s master bots, part of the core.  That’s all I could get.”
“I think we damaged him though, sir, didn’t we?” Barnes asked.
“Or at least, we made him mad,” Glance remarked.
Winger pocketed the seed and stepped out of the bathroom.  “I want to see about D’Garza.  Where is she?”
Glance put out a hand to stop him.  “She’s out there, in the living room.  There’s not much left.”
Winger went anyway.  He felt others gathering around, grim and somber.  
Stella D’Garza had turned her own magpulser on her head and fired.  The result wasn’t pretty.
“She was fighting her own halo…and me,” Winger said in a low voice.  His throat caught.  “She sacrificed herself…to give us a chance.”
“My God,” murmured Angel Barnes, hand to her mouth.  “She was so young.”
“Friggin’ hero,” declared Robbie Acuna.  “She should get a medal for this.”
“I can’t believe she’s gone,” Jake Voit said.  “Best CQE I ever worked with.”
Winger knelt over her.  “I’ll fab a body bag.”  He looked up at Al Glance, who had headed up Charlie Squad.  “Al, contact Ops and tell what happened.  Tell ‘em…we’ve got casualties.  One KIA.”
Glance said he would.  “What was in like in there, Skipper?”  He indicated the prostrate form of Akamba.  
Winger stood up.  Already, he was spalling off bots from his left hand, forming up a cas-evac bag to remove what was left of D’Garza.  “I don’t really know, Al.  I located Symborg…at least the master assembler core all right.  But there was something else…I don’t know what it was…an entity I’ve run into before.”
“Configuration Zero?”
Winger shrugged.  He draped the bag across D’Garza’s body.  The bag bots then closed and cinched up her remains.  “Maybe.  Whatever it was, it was powerful.  I managed to grab one of the core bots.  But this…thing…got away.  You know, the very name Symborg stands for symbiotic organism.  I couldn’t tell whether Symborg was this entity, or they were working together or whether the entity was what animated Symborg.  We’ll have to research what I grabbed and see what develops.”
“Gives me the creeps,” Glance admitted.  “At least, Quantum Mirror accomplished the mission.  No Symborg rally tonight.  Hopefully, you damaged the core enough to prevent future rallies too…at least for a long time.”
Winger agreed.  “I hope you’re right, Al.  I don’t know how long we’ll have before we have to face this menace again.”
The rest of the Detachment joined in carrying the body bag out of the suite.

U.N. Quantum Corps Western Command
Mesa de Oro, Yucatan, Mexico
October 3, 2067
0900 hours (local)

Kraft Field was the Corps’ parade and review grounds, on top of the Mesa but with a clear view of Kokul-gol, the Mayan temple complex a few kilometers northwest. Beyond the temple, the deep green of la selva, the tropical rain forest, made a perfect backdrop for all the ceremonies that were regularly held there.  Alongside the Field, the Garden of Eternal Patrol was situated, with its neatly ordered rows of columbariums and crypts, lined with statuary and sculptures of quantum troopers past, all arranged in the shape of a great spiral when seen from the air, for the spiral was the logo of Quantum Corps itself. 
The Quantum Mirror detachment of 1st Nano, decked out in their dress blues and blacks, with red and gold piping and bandolier straps, stood at attention along with the troopers of a dozen other detachments from the Corps.  Crews from BioShield and the local Boundary Patrol squadron were there as well, but no one exchanged any glances, though heads were pounding and fists were bruised and faces were bandaged from a rather raucous liberty the night before.
After all the internments and eulogies and a few mournful dirges by the Quantum Corps Honor Guard, the assembled ranks were directed out of the Gardens over to Kraft Field itself.  
Johnny Winger’s eyes opened when a small lifter landed on the field and the Secretary-General of the United Nations herself, one Evelyn Lumumba, stepped out, clad in a severe blue outfit with a small cap, accompanied by no less than General Wolfus Linx himself, attired in full dress regalia.
A low murmur rippled through the ranks, until the top sergeant’s stern face turned and quieted all the hubbub with a fierce glance.
An award ceremony had been arranged for the troopers of the Quantum Mirror detachment at Kraft Field, right across the mesa from the lifter pads.  The Secretary-General and the Quantum Corps commandant had arrived with a stern, no-nonsense escort, along with a small platoon of security officials and aides.  
The troops of the battalion were dressed out in full parade uniform, bright red piping on spotless dress grays, arrayed in perfect ranks along the manicured lawn of the grounds. Al Glance squirmed in his tight jacket, earning a hiss from Angel Barnes, who was right behind him.
“Quit wiggling, Sarge…you’re making the whole platoon nervous.”
“I can’t help it,” Glance mouthed back.  “This damn jacket’s too tight…I can’t breathe.”
“ORDER IN THE RANKS!” the top sergeant barked out loud.  “PRESENT…H’ARMS!”
The battalion snapped to full attention and stood at arms while the S-G and Linx reviewed the formation.  A brassy trumpet fanfare filled the parade grounds from the Honor Guard Band.  The Secretary-General was a tall, regal woman, stern of eye with a prominent aquiline nose.  General Linx moved in perfect unison right alongside her, an athletic man whose lithe stride belied his fifty years of age and experience.  
The formal ceremony seemed to Winger to last forever.  The battalion itself received a unit citation from the Secretary-General.  Winger proudly marched forward to receive the UNIFORCE Special Order of Gaia, 1st Rank, signifying, as the inscription on the pennant read, “extraordinary valor and courage defending the peoples and principles of the United Nations.”  
Small is all, Glance muttered to himself.  Get on with the show.  I’m dying out here.
Individual citations were next.  Glance, Barnes and Voit were singled out for Gold Hearts.  They marched forward in unison, saluted smartly, and received medals from the S-G, then about-faced and regained their positions in the ranks.  
The final ceremony came from General Linx, who called Angel Barnes out by name again, and after the trooper had marched up, touched her with a jeweled scepter on each shoulder.
“In honor of our fallen comrade Master Quantum Sergeant Stella D’Garza, for uncompromising integrity and unflinching selfless duty in the service of her fellow troopers, a soldier who gave her last full measure of devotion to her unit—in her name, I award this to you, her closest comrade and friend,” Linx announced.  He removed a small medallion from a leather box and pinned the stallion and crown of the Quantum Corps Blue Legion of Victory on Barnes’ chest.  She then saluted back and shook hands with the commanding officer.
“Bravo!—“ someone called out.  “Hurrah!”  The words were repeated several times, then swelled into a chorus of cheers.  The ranks broke into applause and Angel Barnes’ somber face  gave a sly smile as she regained her position.
Another trumpet fanfare followed, then a parade of endless speeches.  To occupy his mind, Winger kept a loose count of the number of times the word valor was used.  He lost track at one hundred and four.
It was finally over at 1100 hours.  Winger, with permission from General Linx, passed an order to his troops to stand at ease and officially mingle with the high and mighty.  
Two hours later, after the award ceremony and the Secretary-General’s reception at the Ops Center, the 1st Nano was formally stood down and released.  Most of the troopers headed for the O Club, or off base to gaudier amusements.
Linx drew Winger aside as the ranks were falling out.
“New orders from UNSAC, Colonel.  There’s a briefing at 1400 hours, Ops Center top level.  UNSAC’s worried about your after-action report and about who or what is really at the top of Red Harmony.”
Winger understood.  “They seem more dangerous than ever, sir.  I just wish I could have engaged Configuration Zero before he, or it, got away.”
 “With a malevolent, possibly extraterrestrial, entity atop the cartel’s command structure, we’ve got our work cut out for us. Go grab some chow now and be there with your entire crew.  By the way, bring your crypto pins too…this one’s Level 1, eyes and ears only.”  Linx didn’t stick around to entertain any further thoughts, questions or complaints, but trundled off to yet another reception for the S-G at Schrodinger House on the other side of the base.
Winger swallowed hard, feeling a bump on the back of his head from last night.    
No rest for the weary, he told himself.  And no liberty for heroes.  He went off to find the rest of the detachment and tell them the good news, not knowing then that they would soon be up to their necks in battling Red Harmony’s Ship of Theseus in a few short months.  

END
About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  He recently retired but worked for nearly 25 years for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for over 29 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3 kilometers a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one terribly spoiled Pekingese dog named Chance. 
 For technical and background details on his series Time Jumpers, Tales of the Quantum Corps and Quantum Troopers, visit his blog Quantum Corps Times at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
 To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s notes and the backstory on how his many series were created, recent reviews, excerpts from upcoming books and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
 Download the final exciting episode of Quantum Troopers Return from Smashwords.com and other fine ebook retailers.  It’s called ‘The Ship of Theseus.’  Available on November 13, 2020.






 

