Quantum Troopers
Episode 22:  Epilogue
Published by Philip Bosshardt at Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Philip Bosshardt
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

A few words about this series….

*** Quantum Troopers is a series of 15,000- 20,000 word episodes detailing the adventures of Johnny Winger and his experiences with the United Nations Quantum Corps.
*** Each episode will be about 40-50 pages, approximately 20,000 words in length.
*** A new episode will be available and uploaded every 3 weeks.
*** There will be 22 episodes.  The story will be completely serialized in about 14 months.
*** Each episode is a stand-alone story but will advance the greater theme and plot of the story arc.  
*** The main plotline: U.N. Quantum Corps must defeat the criminal cartel Red Hammer’s efforts to steal or disable their new nanorobotic ANAD systems. 
*** Uploads will be made to www.smashwords.com on approximately the schedule below:

Episode #	Title					Approximate Upload Date
1		‘Atomgrabbers’			1-14-16
2		‘Nog School’				2-8-16
3		‘Deeno and Mighty Mite’		2-29-16
4		‘ANAD’				3-21-16
5		‘Table Top Mountain’			4-11-16
6		‘I, Lieutenant John Winger…’	5-2-16
7		‘Hong Chui’				5-23-16
8		‘Doc Barnes’				6-13-16
9		‘Demonios of Via Verde’		7-5-16
10		‘The Big Bang’			7-25-16
11		‘Engebbe’				8-15-16
12		‘The Symbiosis Project’		9-5-16
13		‘Small is All!’				9-26-16
14		‘’The HNRIV Factor’			10-17-16
15		‘A Black Hole’			11-7-16
16		‘ANAD on Ice’			11-29-16
17		‘Lions Rock’				12-19-16
18		‘Geoplanes’				1-9-17
19		‘Mount Kipwezi’			1-30-17
20		‘Doc II’				2-20-17
21		‘Paryang Monastery’			3-13-17
22		‘Epilogue’				4-3-17

Chapter 1
“Ship of Theseus”

“The role of the infinitely small is infinitely large.”
Louis Pasteur

Mesa de Oro
Yucatan State, Mexico
December 30, 2049
1230 hours

Dr. Ryne Falkland pointed to the imager display, revealing a faint scaffolding in the center of the screen.
General Wellman Kincade, base commander, squinted at the sight.  “Looks like a flower trellis.  What’s that dark mass…looks like a bunch of grapes.”
Falkland tweaked the resolution of the imager.  “We’re growing a new Johnny Winger in there, General.”
Kincade made a sour face.  “I don’t suppose it’s like growing tomatoes, is it, Doctor.”
“Not exactly.  In fact, it’s quite a process.  First we have to build the core module, with all the memory modules, the buffer, the config translator.  Then comes the main platform and actuator mast, the casing and all the effectors, sensors, the propulsors.  It’s pretty involved.”
“What kind of time frame are we looking at?”
Falkland gave that some thought.  “If all goes well, probably a week.  And then come the tests…learning in the comm centers, basic replication, launch, recovery, elementary swarm ops, that sort of thing.  It’s a bit of an art form, General.”
Kincade growled.  “I’ll never get used to this…,growing nanotroopers like geraniums.  What’s that ship model about?”  He indicated a small wooden model of a Greek trireme on top of a nearby cabinet.
Falkland chuckled.  “A bit of joke, I’m afraid.  That’s the Ship of Theseus.”
Kincade was puzzled.  “What’s that…a Caribbean cruise ship?”
“Not exactly.  More of a philosophical conundrum.  The ancient Greeks had a ship called the Ship of Theseus…a famous craft that they really treasured.  They wanted to keep it up, so from time to time, they had to replace the ship’s planks.  The philosophers got into an argument about whether, if all the planks were replaced, was their ship still the same ship?”
Kincade scowled.  “What’s that have to do with Major Winger?”
Falkland shrugged.  “Not much.  Some have made the same argument about angels and nanobotic creations.  Once I re-grow Winger, is the new model the same as the old one?  That’s the conundrum.”
Kincade said, “Thinking like that makes my head hurt.  I’ll stick to commanding this base.  Keep me posted, Doctor.” 
“Sure thing, sir.”
The general left the containment cell, cycling himself out through all the locks and biometrics and headed up to the Ops Center.  It was sunny, hot and humid for the day before New Year’s.  Kincade had about a million things to do and reports to write for UNIFORCE, dealing with the aftermath of the Himalaya Strike mission.  He wanted his 1st Nano commander, Major Winger, back whole and hearty for the days of debriefing that he knew would be coming.
Even if Winger had to be grown from a vat.

The big day came and Kincade gathered with Dr. Falkland outside the containment chamber.  Inside the chamber, a small bed had been placed, for Johnny Winger to lie on when ‘he’ was fully assembled and formed.  Just in case, electron beam injectors were primed and ready.
“We can’t violate safety protocols, even in this situation,” Falkland explained.  
Kincade rubbed his sandy moustache nervously.  He glanced up at Falkland.  “I know you’ve done this before, Doc, but I’m still not quite sure how to feel about it.”
Falkland nodded.  “Of course, I understand completely, General.  It’s natural to feel a little…nervous?  Is that the right word?  Perhaps, a mixture, I think.  Something between fear, anticipation, anxiety and hope.  A cocktail.  Shaken not stirred.”  He smiled at his own little joke.
Kincade was doubtful but said nothing, while Falkland scanned his board and made some adjustments.  “I’ve got the Config Engine loaded now.  From the scans we did before, we have lots of data.  I had a quite a time massaging and tweaking and converting all that data, trying to get something clean.  You don’t know it, but I’ve already run some tests…yesterday.  Things looked promising.”
Kincade was curious.  “What kind of tests, Doc?”
Falkland was reluctant to go into details now.  Clients were sometimes sensitive about these matters.  “Oh, just little tests.  I extracted some of the data and ran it through the Config Engine…you know, assembling small things, simple structures.”
“Of Major Winger?  What kind of simple structures?”
“It was just a test—“
“What kind of structures, Doc?” Kincade asked, a little more firmly.  
Falkland shrugged, went back to his instruments.  “A finger here, a hand there.  Really, it went well.”
Kincade nearly choked.  “A finger?  You assembled one of the fingers?  And a hand?  What happened—“
 “The test went fine.  The Config Engine performed as expected.  I examined the…er, the structures and found them well formed, molecularly correct, consistent with the templates from your data.  It was…what can I say?…a finger.”
“And a hand.”
“Exactly.”
“What did you do with them?”
Falkland looked surprised.  Sometimes, he figured it was better if the clients didn’t know all the details.  People reacted differently.  “I let it go.  That is, the Config Engine broke them down, disassembled them.  Back into feedstock.”
Kincade swallowed hard.  Maybe Falkland was right.  Normal commanders shouldn’t be able to just conjure up limbs and fingers of their troops.  But then again, since nanobotic assemblers had been invented, maybe they could.  It was all very confusing.
“Okay, Doc…I guess I really didn’t need to hear about that.  What’s next?”
Falkland turned back to his control station.  “Next is releasing the feedstock into the chamber.”  He pressed a few buttons and on the monitor, a faint mist began issuing from a row of ports.  The chamber quickly filled with the mist.  “Just raw stock.  A bunch of atoms and molecules…standard stuff…oxygens, irons, phosphorous and nitrogens…you name it.  Ingredients for the cook….”  Immediately he wished he hadn’t said that.  Every client reacted differently.  And this one was base commander at Mesa de Oro.
The filling took about three minutes.  “All the templates of Major Winger are loaded in the Config Engine now.  When the previous…uh, version was scanned and disassembled, I took a memory field map of all those atoms in structure and created these templates.  We should be able to put together a new Johnny, better than ever.”
Kincade just shook his head.  “This is just creepy, Doc, hearing one of my troopers talked about like this.  Get on with it—“
“Of course.”  Falkland pressed a few more buttons.
Inside the containment chamber, the master assembler had just been released.  The master was a nanobotic device that orchestrated assembly of feedstock atoms and molecules into whatever structures were contained in the template.  
The monitor showed a mist filling the chamber, like an early morning fog, only this mist sparkled as if a billion fireflies were embedded.  The mist thickened until the bed was lost to view.  Minutes passed.  Falkland followed his instruments, adjusting the Config Engine on the fly.
“Threshold density,” he announced.  “Memory field steady….all parameters in the green.”
The first hint of structure emerged from the fog, in the form of a faint, translucent, almost ghostly hand, alongside the edge of the bed.  Fluctuations in the fog caused more structure to become intermittently visible: several fingers, part of a forearm, a brief glimpse of a knee.  From these structures, Kincade silently estimated where Johnny’s head and face should be.  But nothing was visible yet.
More minutes passed.  Then, the general sucked in his breath.  He pointed.
The barest outlines of a face materialized into view, slipping in and out of the fog like a wraith.  There was the upturned nose, the same mole beside his nose.  And the lips—
“It’s him!” Kincade watched in amazement as more and more structure came into view.  From everything he could see, it was Johnny Winger.  He knew how the technology worked.  Falkland had done this before, several times.  He understood how assemblers slammed atoms together according to a template.  As base commander of a battalion of nanotroopers, he’d run more configs than Falkland had ever dreamed about.  But this…this was different.
The thing seemed as real as the wooden Ship of Theseus model on the cabinet.  
Falkland watched the monitor and his instruments carefully, making some minor adjustments.   “Config still stable.  No alarms…no issues.  He’s coming in beautifully.  Everything within tolerances, right in the middle of the band.  I’m adding more feedstock… we’re approaching minimum density….what do you think, General?”
Kincade let his eyes play across the prostrate form of his company commander, inside the containment chamber.  Part of his mind told him this couldn’t be Winger…it was a sim, a near-perfect likeness, but still a likeness.  But his own feelings overruled that hard logic and he felt a lump in the back of his throat.  It couldn’t be Johnny Winger. 
But it was Johnny Winger.
To keep control of himself, Kincade focused on the instruments, on the swarm inside the vault, on critiquing the process, on config stability, anything to smother all those feelings that were bubbling up.  
“How long, Doc?”
Falkland studied the board, watched as more and more of Johnny Winger emerged from the mist into solid structure.  “Well, scans are showing about sixty-five percent complete.  This should be done in about two more hours.  After we reach target density, I’ve got to run some tests.  See how stable the config is.  Make sure the pattern buffers are cleared out.  And we’ll spot check the config against the original memory field.  Plus there’s still loading from the file Doc II made…neural patterns of memory and personality.  That’ll be another hour.”
“This is so unreal,” Kincade said.  “He looks so lifelike….”

By mid-afternoon, Falkland pronounced himself satisfied.  Looking through the portholes of the containment chamber, Johnny Winger was lying on his side on the bed, seemingly asleep.  He seemed to be breathing; his chest rose and fell with a rhythmic pattern.  Wellman Kincade knew full well that it was part of the config, in effect, a breathing simulation program was running on the main processor.  But the physical impression was so real, it was so easy to imagine—
“I think it’s safe to let him out now,” Falkland decided. “The loading from Doc II’s file seems to have gone okay…I’m not detecting any anomalies so far.”   He enjoyed the look of anticipation on Kincade’s face.  He also took a quick peek at the electron beam injectors, just in case.  Angels sometimes developed glitches and hiccups in their program during assembly.  It happened.  You couldn’t take too many chances.  “I’m shutting down security systems.  Latches coming un-done.”  A few clicks, pops and squeaks sounded at the hatch.  Then a hiss, as pressures equalized.  Falkland went over and dogged the hatch open.
Kincade pushed past him.   He could hardly believe his eyes.  
Major John Winger was sitting up in the bed, looking around.  It was Johnny, in every way they could tell…the same blond buzzcut, the same blue eyes, angular cheeks, the mole by his lips.  Except….
When Winger reached up to brush back a lock of hair, the tips of his fingers sparkled and flashed, as the bots didn’t quite track accurately. A faint trail of light swirled across his face.
Falkland cleared his throat, a bit embarrassed.  “I can fix that…just some tweaks to the algorithms.”
Kincade came up.  “How do you feel now, son?”
Johnny Winger shrugged, jammed his hands under the covers.  “Maybe a bit spacey, General.  Like I’m not all quite here.”
“Well said, son…well said.  Dr. Falkland, is he up to a little walk?  We just got new mission tasking from UNIFORCE and I need his knowledge from Paryang.”
Falkland studied a portable scanner in his hands, probing the instrument up and down the length of the angel.  “I don’t see why not.  Give me five minutes to adjust some things and I’ll do a limited release…Sergeant Givens can go with him…just in case.”
Falkland spent the next five minutes, after shooing everyone else out of the room, modifying the replication routines in Johnny’s master processor.  “It’ll smooth out some of the jerkiness, Major.  Your core is solid, but some of your extremities aren’t tracking smoothly.”
Winger lay back on his pillow, trying to put into words what it felt like, to be an angel.
“It’s like floating in a warm bath, Doc.  I really don’t feel anything.”
“It’s all in your basic algorithms, Johnny.  We’ve spent weeks trying to get those right.”
Shortly after two in the afternoon, Falkland authorized the Johnny Winger angel for release.  Sergeant Ed Givens, one of the containment techs, would accompany him.  Givens carried a portal config generator to change and adjust Johnny on the fly.  He also carried a concealed HERF side arm, just in case.  
The two of them walked resolutely across the grassy quadrangle alongside the Barracks/BOQ building, catching other troopers saluting but giving them a wide berth.  
Kincade had mentioned a new THREATCON had just come in from UNIFORCE.  

Europa
December 30, 2149 (Earth U.T.)

On Europa, there is only ice…to the naked eye.  Ice cliffs and ice valleys.  Ice ravines and ice canyons.  Ice bergs, buttes, badlands.  Ice continents.  Above the ice is the vacuum of space.  Below the ice is a vast ocean, black as night.  Normally, the two don’t mix.
In the late fall of 2049, as people on Earth reckon time, a small channel of sluggish, slightly warmer ice surged upward through the badlands of Conamara Chaos, embedded in a  column known to geologists as a diapir, and burst through the surface crust.  A geyser erupted into space, not in itself an unusual occurrence on Europa.  However, this geyser extended over several square kilometers, flinging tons of ice and steam into the heavens.  
This geyser caught the attention of observers on Earth and at Korolev Crater’s Farside Observatory, on the Moon.  
After the HNRV asteroid deflection mission some months before, an orbiting detection network had been put into place between Jupiter and Mars.  Known as Jupiter-Eye, it was designed to provide intelligence on the comings and goings of asteroids and comets as they traversed Jupiter space on their years-long orbits through the inner solar system. The network contained numerous instruments: visual cameras, mass spectrometers, neutron flux devices, radiometers.  
On the first day of December, Jupiter-Eye detected evidence of some kind of vast disturbance under the ice of Jupiter’s moon Europa.  Increased thermals, spikes in electromagnetic activity, even acoustic signals well above baseline were detected and processed through SpaceGuard Center at Farside.  
There was no consensus on what the signals meant, just a growing suspicion that something seemed to be stirring after centuries of quiescence.  Analysts at SpaceGuard Center, vidconferencing with their colleagues at the UNISPACE Watch Command Center in Paris, concurred that something was happening on the surface of Europa, something different, something unexpected.  An unanticipated spike in decoherence wake activity from below the ruins of the Paryang Monastery in Tibet made the analysts even more uneasy.  Paryang had been destroyed only a few months before…or so it was thought.  It became harder and harder to ignore the conclusion that something at or under Paryang was talking to something under the icy surface of Europa.
Visual analysis from Jupiter-Eye was inconclusive.  But it was plain to see from the imagery streaming back from Jupiter’s huge satellite, that a newly formed geyser had just erupted on the surface.  After some discussion, UNISPACE analysts finally decided to log the event as an icequake, a shifting of ice plates and ice continents, that had opened up a channel to pressurized water beneath.  That water, rising through the newly formed channel from the Europan ocean, was now sublimating into space, in a series of spectacular geysers.  The phenomenon seemed to be mainly centered along a series of ice grooves, known as linea, starting in the Conamara Chaos and ending at the southern end of Radamanthys Linea, longitude 192 degrees, latitude 12 degrees north.
Or so they thought.  The report issued to CINCSPACE made the conclusion that the geyser field was nothing more than an unusual series of ice plates shifting about, despite growing evidence of massive movements in the ocean below.  Jupiter-Eye would continue to observe and record the event, providing thesis material for astronomers and geologists and glaciologists for years to come.  Farside and UNISPACE would continue to monitor the activity that had roiled the surface of Europa.  
But the report was firm in its principal conclusion:  natural forces were responsible for a series of new ice geysers erupting on the surface of Europa.  It was more violent and spectacular than before, but nothing the investigators hadn’t seen before on countless worlds, even on Europa itself.
What Jupiter-Eye could not see, however, was what was actually embedded in the main geyser, hidden from view, obscured by the violence of tons of ice sublimating into space every second.   A vast and alien swarm was no longer submerged in Europa’s ocean of night.  Instead, the swarm had bored through more than thirty kilometers of ice and risen to the surface of the satellite.  Now residing in a steep ice ravine, surrounded by towering ice cliffs, hidden by geysering spouts of water, the vast swarm boiled away like a festering sore, slamming atoms to maintain itself and expand in the maelstrom of erupting ice and water.
As it settled onto the icy surface, the alien swarm had begun to bud off trillions of replicant bots from its main structure.  The swarm was shedding parts of itself.
These bots sloughed off and drifted upward, some riding on droplets of water, particles of ice sublimating into the vacuum.  Most of the bots managed to achieve escape velocity through infinitesimal nano-scale thrusters, using the available water as propellant.  Orienting themselves toward the Sun, the swelling swarm of nanobots soon entered a steep, elliptical heliocentric orbit, an orbit which would intersect the orbit of Earth in less than six months.
Disguised by the geysers, the swarm escaped Europa and the Jupiter system completely.  They now drifted sunward…and Earthward.

Farside Observatory
Korolev Crater, the Moon
June 25, 2050
0100 hours U.T.

	Third-shift astronomers Nigel Course and Lilly Fong knew of no better word to describe what they were seeing than dread.  Pure, unaltered, rock-in-the-bottom-of-your-stomach dread. 
Both were pulling late shift today…tonight…whatever the hell it was.  Tending the radars and telescopes of Farside Array, scanning sector after sector of the heavens for any little burp or fart worthy of an astronomer’s interest.   The High Freq array had just gone through a major tune-up last week and it was Course’s job to give her a complete shakedown for the next few days. 
At the moment, she was boresighted to some distant gamma-ray sources somewhere in Pegasus…where exactly he’d forgotten.
While Fong peeled a banana and stifled a yawn, Course took one last look out the nearest porthole and begrudged the final wisps of daylight before Farside was fully enveloped in the nightfall.  At that same moment, he heard a beeping from his console and turned his attention back to the array controls.
What the hell…
Nigel Course looked over his boards, controlling the positioning of the great radars out on the crater floor and the optical and radio telescopes that accompanied them.  He quickly pinpointed the source of the beeping…Nodes 20 through 24…the south lateral array…was picking up some anomaly.
He massaged the controls and tried to focus the array better, get better resolution on the target.  SpaceGuard didn’t beep without reason.  
A quick perusal made the hairs on the back of Nigel Course’s neck stand up.  The system displayed a list of likely targets, based on radar imaging and known ephemerides.  He scanned the list, mumbling the details to himself.
“ Hmmm….right ascension 22 degrees, 57 minutes, 28 seconds.  Declination 20 degrees, 46 minutes, 8 seconds---“ Just as he was about to consult the catalog, SpaceGuard threw up a starmap.
Lily Fong dropped her half-eaten banana.
“What the hell--” she murmured.  
Course’s fingers were flying around the keyboard.  “Lilly, now don’t get your panties in a wad.  We need to study this thing.  It’s an all-sector alarm, I’ve got returns on all bands.  Whatever the hell it is, it’s big.  Ginormous, in fact.  A quarter of the sky, centered on 51 Pegasi, but not fifty light years away.  In fact, it’s right on our doorstep…”
“Anything on Doppler?”
Course finagled with more buttons.  “Bearing…toward the inner system.  Margin of error puts it within a cone approximately two astronomical units, centered…” he tapped more keys, “…centered on us or near us.”
Fong shuddered.  “It’s here.  Billions of kilometers away but it’s here.  Can we get some resolution on the thing?”
“We can try.”  For the next few minutes, the two astronomers worked together, manipulating the instruments that comprised the SpaceGuard net, a vast detection grid orbiting the sun beyond the orbit of Mars, a grid designed and placed to alert UNISPACE to any threats coming from certain suspect bearings…like Europa.  The design parameters never mentioned the Old Ones or little green men or extraterrestrial monsters from outer space by name, but no one was fooled.  
SpaceGuard was designed to do exactly what it seemed to have just done.  
After half an hour, Fong sat back in her chair.  Her face was pale, the blood had drained out when the alarm had gone off.  A sheen of sweat beaded up on her forehead and drops fell to the keyboard.  She ignored them and looked wordlessly over at Course.
“You know what we have to do.”  It wasn’t a question.  “The protocol’s pretty clear when we get a Level One alert.”
Course ran down the results of the last scan, the one that made Fong so pale.  “I read the analysis this way, Lilly…just so we’re clear on the details in case questions come up.  After washing the raw data through ALBERT three times, do you concur that the detected anomaly…we’re calling it EUROTOP for now…Europa Transiting Optical Phenomena…is a diffuse mass of small particle-sized objects with a thermal signature of a large swarm?”
Fong nodded silently, staring at the graphs and plots on her panel as if they were contaminated.  “I concur,” she whispered, weakly.  “It has to be the leading edge, Nigel.  That’s all it can be.  We studied and simulated this possibility for months, every which way we can.  Most of the runs converge on results very similar to, if not identical, to this.  ALBERT doesn’t lie.”
Course stood up and went over to a porthole, which gave onto a constricted view of the nearest arrays of the Submillimeter Interferometer, and a shadowy backdrop of Korolev crater’s steep craggy walls beyond.  A triangle of blazing sunlight still illuminated the upper rim, last gasp of the lunar day. 
“I still don’t get it--“Course shook his head, turning back to the consoles.  “Europa’s been deader than dirt for months…Jupiter-Eye’s never showed anything.  Now, all of a sudden, BLAM!  Energy spikes all over the place.  We should have seen something before…rising X-ray, rising gamma levels, something. Black holes don’t just appear out of nowhere, not under the ice of Europa.”
“ALBERT doesn’t say it’s a black hole, Nigel.  That’s just wishful thinking.”
Course shrugged, staring at the velocity scans superimposed on each other, silently willing the data to say something else, anything else.  “If it’s not a micro, then what is it?  What eats whole worlds?”
Fong pointed to the graphs on her display.  “That does.  There’s your answer.  ALBERT doesn’t care whether we like it or not.  Best match with the data from Jupiter Eye.  Really, the only match.”
Course took a deep breath.  “I know, I know.  I’m just trying to make sure what we have is airtight.  Every time we’ve raised a flag, UNISPACE winds up hitting us over the head with it.  Ice quakes…asteroid impact…Type I sublimation event…they’ve always got another explanation.  But this time—“
“I’m sending a NOTAP to Gateway.  The Watch Center needs to see this.  Maybe they’ll have some ideas.”
Course nodded.  “Do it.  I’ll set SenDef Three.  Sentinel Defense Condition Three.  That’ll wake everybody up at Gateway and Station P…pretty much everybody from here to Mars.”
The Notice of Astronomical Phenomena went out from Farside moments later.  It was like setting off a firecracker at a funeral.  In less than five minutes, the dense grid of comm links from Earth to the Moon to Mars had erupted into a furor, buzzing and vibrating with questions, answers, expletives, exclamations, proclamations, bad jokes and nervous posts.
All Nigel Course and Lilly Fong could do now was wait…wait for the inevitable call from UNISPACE Headquarters in Paris.

Chapter 2
“EUROTOP”


UNIFORCE Headquarters
The Quartier General
Paris
July 1, 2050
0815 hours 

UNSAC brusquely called the briefing to order and glared at her audience.  Evelyn Lumumba had been UN Security Affairs Commissioner for nearly a year now, an ebony-black Cameroonian woman of striking beauty, with fierce warrior eyes and bristly conical hair, adorned by an ivory and bone hairpiece that rattled when she turned her head.  
She was joined by General Jake Argo, CINCQUANT and General Mahmood Salaam, CINCSPACE.  Vidconning in from Mesa de Oro was General Wellman Kincade.  UNSAC had convened the briefing to review some troublesome intelligence and to make a decision that was staring them all right in the face.  It was a decision that no one wanted to make.
“I suppose there’s no way to avoid this,” Lumumba said.  “Jake, you’re sure of your sources?  No other interpretation is possible?”
Argo shrugged, running a hand through his blond buzzcut.  “My Q2 shop believes the residual survivors of Red Hammer have made some kind of alliance with elements of the Chinese Peoples’ Liberation Army.  You see the raw data in front of you—“Argo indicated reams of text, interspersed with still and vid imagery, floating like bad dreams in the air around UNSAC’s office.  “Any intelligence—any signals—can be interpreted in different ways.  But the probabilities all point to an alliance…and SOFIE thinks so too.”  SOFIE was the AI that ran analysis for UNSAC.
“What about all these decoherence wake signals we’re seeing at Paryang?” Lumumba challenged Argo.  “Your own 1st Nano people just finished a mission—Himalaya Strike.  Paryang…and Red Hammer…were supposed to be kaput.”
Argo knew this would come up.  “It’s true…there’s probably one of those Sphere devices buried under all the rubble.”
“And now it’s talking with something on Europa,” said Salaam.  “What’s that all about?  Another sphere?  Officially, we’re calling the anomaly an icequake on Europa.  But that’s just a cover for ‘we don’t know what the hell it is.’  The name EUROTOP covers all possibilities without revealing just how little we know.”
Kincade piped up from Mesa de Oro.  “This new alliance—what was the name you gave us, Jake--?”
Argo consulted some notes.  “Our sources say this alliance has been referred to, at least in signal intercepts, as Soldiers of Harmony…I can’t pronounce the Chinese. “
Kincade warmed to his point.  “My read of the intercepts is that this new alliance wants to maintain and secure this new comm link so they can get their grubby little mitts on alien tech and boost China’s military powers.  CINCSPACE mentioned some kind of secret scientific expedition.”
Salaam agreed.  He fiddled with some buttons on his wristpad and new imagery materialized in front of them.  “This was taken two days ago…the Tiangong IV station at L2.  Gateway had some engineers at a conference over there and they snapped these shots when nobody was looking.”  The imagery zoomed in to show a large ship attached to the station’s space dock, a ship that bore a strong resemblance to a kebab skewer.  “She’s the Shen Feng Hexie…Divine Wind of Harmony.  Her captain is a veteran spacer…Xi Kai-ling, we believe.  By the way, Shen Feng boosted away this morning.  Gateway did a quick plot on her trajectory…it’s a speed run to Jupiter all right.  If she stays on this course, she’ll be at Jupiter in about four months.  Those are plasma torch engines at the ass end of the main mast, by the way.  Latest Chinese design.  We can’t match it…yet.”
Lumumba settled back in her seat, her bone hairpiece rattling.  “Well, as I said, there’s no real way to avoid this.  We’ve got to mount an expedition ourselves…we can’t let the Chinese or this alliance grab anything from Europa that could put us in a squeeze.  Options, gentlemen?”
Mahmood Salaam had been CINCSPACE for only a few months, but he prided himself on coming to briefings with UNSAC prepared.  If you didn’t, the Cameroonian beauty had a reputation of eating unprepared briefers for breakfast.  
“We’ve got an old cycler ship at Station P…that’s Phobos Station, undergoing refit now.  It’s the budget, as usual.  Slow going.  We’re trying to turn Archimedes into a deep space ship for missions beyond Mars.  With enough money and manpower, we could finish the refit and launch her…and probably get to Europa around the same time, or possibly before the Shen Feng.  But it’ll be dicey…I can’t make any promises.”
Lumumba said, “I don’t need promises, Mahmood.  I need results.  I’ll get with the SG.  We’ll find your money.  Just scrap together a crew and get that ship finished.  Kincade, you had something?”
Wellman Kincade had pinged in from Mesa de Oro.  “This should be a joint mission, Quantum Corps working with Frontier Corps.  I’d like my 1st Nano commander, Major John Winger, to represent Quantum Corps.”
Lumumba frowned.  “Isn’t Major Winger the trooper who was slammed by Config Zero at Paryang, turned into a zombie?”
Kincade winced.  “Angel is the preferred term, Madam Commissioner.  And yes, Major Winger is a para-human swarm entity…in fact, he’s with me here now.”  The view of Kincade widened momentarily to show a lean face and grim visage.  The swarm that was Winger seemed tight and well-configged…no obvious edge effects.  
“Good morning, Madam Commissioner,” Winger said.  “I’d like very much to be part of this mission.”
Kincade cut in.  “The Major brings some real experience with these Bugs to the table.  He was on the Himalaya Strike mission and has spent more time around Paryang than anyone else.  We need his knowledge and experience on the mission.”
Lumumba was thoughtful.  Her eyes narrowed as she studied the vid of Winger closely.  She couldn’t see any differences.  “Mahmood, would Frontier Corps have any problem with this…hosting an angel as a regular member of the crew?”
Salaam knew enough to avoid obvious conflict on the matter.  When UNSAC had already made up her mind--  “Not at all, Madam Commissioner.  Frontier Corps has been using angels on cycler ships and corvettes for months now…generally with good results.”
“Then it’s settled.  Jake, you and Kincade get with Salaam after this briefing.  Work out a crew and a schedule to finish Archimedes’ refit.  The Chinese have already launched.  If they get to Europa first, we may be facing an alliance with something we can’t fight or compete with.  I’m calling this mission Jovian Hammer.  Get your asses out there and make sure Soldiers of Harmony has nothing to show for their efforts.”
In unison, the three officers saluted.  “Yes, Madam Commissioner.”
“And I want briefings on progress daily,” Lumumba added.  

On Approach to Phobos Station
September 8, 2050
1120 hours (Earth U.T.)

Half an hour after everybody was through bitching and moaning and had gotten themselves secured and strapped in, Wellington’s pilot, Lieutenant Gallois, punched up the departure program on the ship’s computer and counted down the last seconds before separation.
“Five…four…three…two…one…bingo!” 
There was brief shudder and lurch as Wellington’s thrusters fired to make a positive separation.  
“Wellington away…”he announced.  Seated directly behind the First Officer on the command deck were Johnny Winger and Al Glance.  Both watched through the forward windscreen as the gaping mouth of Da Vinci’s forward docking ring receded into the distance.  From two kilometers off, when Gallois had stopped their motion and re-oriented Wellington for de-orbit, the great cycler ship looked like a massive bird soaring off into the heavens.  Da Vinci never slowed into orbit around any planet on her itinerary.  Her trajectory took her scooting by Venus, Earth and Mars on a repeating loop around the Sun every sixteen months, an interplanetary bus line making endless trips through the void.  It was up to little ships like Wellington to get people and supplies up and down to the huge cycler ship.
Gallois counted down the moments to the initial burn that would start Wellington on her long curving descent into the atmosphere of Mars.  Like a big rock, she would skip first off the top of the atmosphere, then on each succeeding trip around, she would bite deeper and deeper into the air, slowing down on each pass, adjusting her path, until her velocity had dropped enough to glide out of the atmosphere for good and resume her orbital chase of Phobos station.
That, at least, was theory behind Frontier Corps aerobraking maneuvers.  
“Ten seconds to PDI,” the First Officer announced.  He checked over his console: track, engine status, attitude…everything seemed ready.  “Get ready for a major kick in the ass—“
The burn, when it came, made Wellington shake and shudder like a wet dog.  Johnny Winger felt the acceleration build up rapidly.  After a few weeks of microgravity, the ship’s descent felt like an elephant had planted its posterior right on his chest.  He struggled to maintain a solid config and forced a sideways look at Glance in the next seat.
The nanotrooper was exhaling out in quick, forced breaths, as they had been trained.  He met Winger’s eyes and grunted back.
“Major…remind me to…put in…for a…transfer…when we get back….”
Gallois watched the trajectory plot on his board carefully as Wellington began her first aerobraking approach to the upper reaches of Mars’ atmosphere.  The plot showed several lines, indicating nominal and actual course, all converging on an actual window in space, the entry point, where the shuttle would take her first big bite into the atmosphere, slowing the ship down for subsequent passes.  
For the next ten hours, the shuttle made numerous passes through the upper atmosphere of Mars, biting deeper and deeper with each dive, twisting and phasing her exit back into space so that her orbit was changed bit by bit.  In time, she had made up the thousand kilometer distance to Phobos Station.  When the faint shadowy outlines of the complex first appeared on the monitors, drifting serenely above the tortured surface of Phobos itself, Lieutenant Gallois startled Winger and Glance from a drowsy stupor as Wellington made a sharp series of burns to match velocity with the station.
“Half an hour, gentlemen.  Fasten your seatbelts.  We’ll be docked in no time.”
The approach went off without incident.  Twelve hours after departing the Da Vinci, the mottled gray and tan crescent face of Phobos had come nicely into view.
“Looks like a rock pile to me,” Al Glance noted.  
“Or a potato with cancer,” added Gallois.  “That blip of light over the terminator…that’s your new home for the next few months…Archimedes… and Phobos Station.  We’ll be there in about twenty minutes.”
Gallois was busy setting up for last minute maneuvers, tweaking Wellington’s alignment for her final approach.  “She may not look like much but Phobos is an important midway point for Mars.  From up here, we can get into and out of Mars orbit pretty easily and you’ve got one hell of a view below.  The astros say she’s losing altitude fast and should impact the surface in a few tens of thousands of years.”
The approach to Phobos Station went off without a hitch.  In loose orbit around the moon, the station was an oddball assortment of cylinders and spheres, hung on trusswork-like structure like grapes on a trellis.  A few hundred meters away, Archimedes floated serenely oblivious to the fantastic vista around her.
Glance studied the ship through the nav scope.  “She looks like a kebab skewer.”
Gallois beamed.  “True, she ain’t much for the eyes.  But she did yeoman duty as a cycler for five years, ‘til Da Vinci came along.  Venus, Earth and Mars, around and around.  Not the most exciting duty I ever pulled but she was a good ship and we had a good crew.”	
Presently, Archimedes and Phobos Station hove into view, hovering over the gaping Stickney Crater end of Phobos.  The one-time cycler had been designed with a long central mast off of which hung cylinders and spheres, a quad of propellant tanks stuck on the aft end above radiation shielding and her plasma torch engine bay.  
“She’s the only thing around here that could make the trip out to Jupiter in less than a year.  We don’t have a lot of deep-space ships in the vicinity.”  Gallois gently maneuvered Wellington toward a docking port below the nose of the cycler’s command and control deck.  Soft dock was an almost imperceptible bump, followed by the staccato firing of the capture latches.
“Hard dock,” Gallois announced.  “Let’s get to work, folks.  We’ve got a lot of work to do and not much time.”
First Nano, Bravo Detachment scrambled aboard the cycler ship and stowed their gear while Johnny Winger and Al Glance made their way to Phobos Station itself.  They found their welcoming committee in the crew’s mess, beers in hand, while spectacular views of the Valles Marineris turned below them.
UNISPACE Captain Francisco Stella would be in command of the transit ship Archimedes during the entire Jovian Hammer mission.  Stella was heavy-set, thick black hair and a moustache to match.  He waved Winger and Glance over, ordered another round and introduced the others.  Most were Station crew.  One was Lieutenant Julian Freeman.
“Freeman’s my second in command, Major,” Stella was saying.  He started to pat the Lieutenant on the back but his hand stopped in mid-flight, almost as if it had encountered an invisible barrier.  “Fresh out of the Academy, he is…got a few missions under his belt.  I’m looking forward to putting the Lieutenant through his paces.”
Winger stuck out his hand.  Freeman was a slight, pale, man, almost ghostly in appearance.  He smiled faintly, his hand slipping into Winger’s a bit uneasily.  Winger tried hard not to react.  It wasn’t that the Lieutenant had a fishy kind of handgrip.  It was more like something made out of felt, almost like an old sofa cover.  It was hard to describe.  Later, when they compared notes, Al Glance would call it “a handshake that felt like a tennis ball slobbered on by my dog.”  Winger figured that was as good a description as any.
The two angels shook hands, sizing each other up in a way that more solid human beings could never have imagined.  
Nice config, huh…you got anything for a processor, slimeball?
But no words were actually exchanged.

Stella was proud of his ship.  “She’s a beauty, isn’t she?  Been under wraps the last six months, full-scale conversion and renovation.  All the latest systems…nav, propulsion, hab spaces, you name it.  We’ll get you Quantum Corps guys to Jupiter and back in fine style.”
Johnny Winger studied the kebab skewer of a ship.  She looked just like what she was: an old cycler pulled out of mothballs and cobbled together with new stuff.  “Doesn’t exactly turn me on, Captain.  That big sausage stuck on the front end…that’s our submersible ship?”
Stella was unmoved by Winger’s comments.  “That big sausage, as you so unjustly call it, is Trident.  Once we’ve made orbit around Europa, that little gem will take you down to the surface…and below, into the Europan ocean, we hope.  To look for anything nasty down there…like the Chinese.”
Winger decided to cut the pleasantries short.  “Captain, my people need to be briefed on everything.  Both ships, all their gear, procedures, safety, security, the works.  The sooner we get started, the better.”
“Of course, Major.  Follow me.”  Jeez, even angels can get a burr up their ass.
Stella led them on a detailed tour of Archimedes and Trident.  Archimedes, the larger transit ship, was a Frontier Corps space raider corvette.  Three decks, Command and Control, Hab and Crew and Service and Support, were spheres strung like onions on the kebab skewer that was the ship’s central mast.  Stella brought them up to date on changes and advances.
“The trip out to Jupiter will take about three months…we’ll be burning the plasma torch engines most of the way, so we’ll have some gravity…about half a g, maybe.  You’ll have plenty of time to brief the mission and practice tactics…she’s got a fully-capable sim tank for wargames and such.”
The smaller ship was Trident, the Europa lander/submersible.  Trident was docked to Archimedes’ forward docking module and looked like a sausage on a plate, as Winger had observed.  The sausage was the submersible itself, divided into A through G decks, with an ANAD borer at the front and treaded tracks spaced circumferentially around the ship’s outside surface.  Trident was mounted on her lander base and platform, which would carry the ship to and from Archimedes, and more importantly, would hopefully deposit the lander on the surface of Europa to begin her mission.
Stella led Winger aboard the lander.  It was cramped for a Detachment-sized crew plus her Frontier Corps pilots.  
“She’s capable of rolling off the platform, boring her way through the ice, up to several hundred kilometers thick, then heading off through Europa’s subterranean ocean at depths of up to three kilometers.  The pressure hull’s not rated for any deeper dives than that.”
Winger tried out the commander’s seat on B-deck, flexing the joysticks, tracing fingers over multiple keypads.  “Your exec…he’s an interesting fellow.  Been with Frontier Corps long?”
Stella shrugged.  “Freeman?  Don’t know that much about him really.  He came from the Academy highly recommended.  A little green, maybe.”
“Seems creepy, if you ask me,” Winger observed.  
“All the embeds are like that,” Stella said.  He showed Winger the panel for operating Trident’s borer.  “You know how it is…they like to show off.  Got that embedded ANAD system inside…guys like that think they’re invincible.  But he’s checked out okay on the equipment.  That borer, Major…Freeman can play it like a piano.”
Winger was familiar with the concept from several missions over the past few months, aboard geoplane Gopher.  “Maybe it’s that Academy look…I’ve seen it before.  All book learning and no smarts.’
The briefing tour went on for another hour, then Winger begged off and retired to his quarters in Phobos Station’s barracks…in reality, a small cylinder at one end of the complex.
“I need to set up a schedule for my troopers,” he told Stella.  “We got a lot of outfitting to do as well as training to keep up.  And we’ve got to get our own ANAD systems configured and ready to rock and roll.”
Stella understood.  “Major, there’s an old Frontier Corps tradition here at Phobos Station…midnight at the bar, officers’ mess compartment.  We all buy drinks and tell lies after a long day at the docks.  Cycler captains and shuttle pilots, dockhands, engineers, shop techs, everybody comes.  Newbies and rookies do the buying.”
Winger smiled.  “That would be me, I believe.  Very well, Captain, I’ll honor Frontier Corps traditions and see you at the bar at midnight.”
Winger had settled in at his desk, rummaging through personnel files on his slate, when Doc II chimed in.  
***I have been analyzing your new crew members, Major.  A most interesting group of humans***
Winger put the slate down.  He had long ago learned to trust Doc II’s ‘instincts’, if a nanoscale assembler could be said to have instincts.  
“And just what have you concluded, Doc?”
There were chirps and screeches over the quantum circuit.  Winger knew what that meant.  It was like a dog barking to go outside.  With a sigh, he cycled open the containment capsule on his web belt.  When the port was open, there was a slight sting, then a faint whoosh of air.  Doc II had exited containment and was grabbing atoms even as he watched.  A faint glow erupted in the air over Winger’s head.  The assembler master was gathering a small horde.
***Thanks, Major…we assemblers are so much happier out of containment…you don’t seem to spend any time all cooped up like me***
Winger ignored the jibe.  “You had something for me, Doc--?”
***I do…a brief analysis of Captain Stella and Lieutenant Freeman.  Francisco Stella, Captain, UN Frontier Corps--*** Doc recited all the details of Stella’s service record and Net accounts and searches.  ***Captain Stella is a veteran officer and cycler captain.  His recent fitness reports indicate that he is a dedicated, mission-oriented officer.  He does not like to take risks.  Stella performs all duties by the book***
“That’s fine, Doc, but you haven’t told me anything about the man.  What’s he like?  What motivates him?”
The small glowing cloud brightened momentarily, as if Doc were pondering the request.
***There are reports circulating around the Net that Stella has a bit of a drinking problem…three years ago, he was temporarily relieved of duty when a cycler he was bringing into dock rammed L4 Station…there was extensive damage…the investigation showed that Stella was inebriated beyond regulation levels at the time***
Winger considered that.  “I recall that incident…reports I saw said it was an accident…you mean to tell me old man Stella was hammered when he tried to bring that ship in?”
***I can forward the investigation report to your Inbox, Major***
Winger had to laugh.  “Occupational hazard for cycler captains, I guess.  What else is there to do running a bus line in space?  What about this guy Freeman?  He gave me the creeps when we met him this afternoon.”
Again the cloud flashed, a little more brightly this time.  ***Lieutenant Julian Freeman is not what he seems to be***
Doc’s statement made Winger sit up straight.  “What do you mean by that?”
***Analysis of external surface structure indicates that Lieutenant Julian Freeman is, with high probability, an angel.  Freeman is a swarm para-human…a likeness of a human being***
“No kidding, Doc.  I figured that out for myself, when we shook hands.”  He tried glaring at the swarm drifting overhead but there was nothing to glare at.  In the past, he had asked Doc II to at least form up a resemblance to something human, but when the assembler had formed an image of old Doc Frost, Winger nixed that as too creepy.  The image made Doc Frost look like a ghost risen from the dead.  “You were saying something, Doc?”
***Lieutenant Freeman is an assembler swarm…a very good para-human simulation, but a swarm of nanobotic mechanisms nonetheless***
Winger’s mind was racing.  He thought out loud, unstrapped himself from the desk and drifted around his tiny compartment.  It was more like a closet but he had to move about.  His mind didn’t function well unless he was in motion.
“Freeman… an angel?  Doc, of course I already know that.  I’m sure others have noticed it too…it was like he was sort of there, without being really there.  But even if he’s a swarm, it’s a damn good likeness.”  Not as good as mine but good enough. 
***Estimating mass density at…***  Doc rattled off numbers to prove his point, but Johnny Winger wasn’t listening.  An uncontained, unsupervised angel among the crew…he or it had to be working for someone.  Was it Red Hammer?  But that wasn’t possible.  Quantum Corps had basically smashed Red Hammer a month ago.  The leadership had scattered to half a dozen worlds and the farthest corners of the earth.  Perhaps, Freeman was a spinoff from Config Zero itself….a sort of nanobotic spy in their midst.  Or a Chinese plant.
He realized he couldn’t discount the possibility.  Until he knew more, this Freeman bore watching.  And he would be treated cautiously.  
“Doc, let’s keep this between you and me for now.  I want the Detachment to know about this but I’ll decide how and when to get the word out.”
***Analysis continuing, Major.  Do you request special config for probe of the target?  Covert study could provide useful intelligence***
Doc was asking about an insert…replicating a small formation of bots to do a covert insert of the Freeman swarm, or whatever the hell it was.  It would be risky.  But as Doc indicated, they might be able to pull it off and gain some idea of what Freeman was about, why he was here at Phobos Station.  Winger knew he also had the same configs…he could just as easily pinch off a sub-element and do the insert himself. 
It was tempting and tactically it was sound.  But his better judgment argued against any moves like that just yet.  Better to play it straight with Freeman, not let him know he had been detected and just recon the situation from the macro world.
But he knew he had to let Al Glance and the rest of the Detachment know and soon.  
Winger checked the time.  He was due at the officer’s mess, and the Mariner Bar, in less than half an hour.  Stella would be there…Freeman too, most likely.  The newbie’s tradition of buying a few rounds for the old hands would certainly have to be upheld.
Winger headed out of his compartment into the central gangway.  It would be interesting to see if Freeman would be at the mess, and if so, just how he would handle his drinks.   Maybe the swarm had a way of quickly breaking down beer molecules and disassembling them in such a way as to simulate slamming back a few pitchers.  
That he would have to see.
Winger pulled himself along the gangway corridor by the handgrips and turned the corner, running headlong into Al Glance.
“Headed to the bar, Skipper?”
“We have a solemn duty, Al,” Winger said.
The two of them crawled and scooted through several corridors and passages before finding a compartment labeled Mariner Bar.  They slipped inside.
It was a cramped space, like most places at Phobos Station.  The bar itself curved along one wall, forming a large U.  Opposite the bar were positioned a dozen or so tables, complete with foot and seat restraints to keep the inebriated from drifting off too far.  Beyond the tables, one wall was filled with three observation cupolas, huge hexagonal portholes with stunning vistas of the surface of Mars turning slowly below.
Winger spied Captain Stella at one table.  He and Glance joined the Captain and Winger ordered a round.
“Glad to see you could make it, Major.  We’ve got a big day tomorrow.  Archimedes’ final outfitting.  Crew briefings.  Onloading all your gear.  We depart in three days…window’s about ten minutes long for our first burn.”
Winger simmed tasting the local beer, processing the molecules using Dr. Falkland’s ‘drinking’ program.  “Tastes like sewer water.”
Stella laughed. In spite of Winger being an angel, the captain was impressed.  “You’re not far wrong.  All the water at the station is recycled…from urine, sweat, other uses.  They say it’s safe and potable.  Me…I’m not so sure I want to know the details.”
Winger kept eyeing the nearest cupola.  “Captain, shall we--?”  He indicated the cupola.
“It’s the view,” Stella sympathized.  “It gets all the newbies.  Sure…bring your drink—“
They drifted over to the porthole and strapped themselves down at the pedestal.  Outside the perspex windows, the great blood red scar of the Valles Marineris drifted by on the surface, faintly obscured by high thin clouds.
“I have a question, Captain,” Winger said.
“Shoot.”
“I’m curious about your exec…this Lieutenant Freeman.  What do you know about him?”
Stella smiled faintly, sniffed at his beer.   “If you’re asking whether I know that the Lieutenant is an angel, the answer is yes.”
Winger wasn’t surprised.  “You know? “  He shared a look with Al Glance, who just shook his head.  “But…how the hell—“
Stella finished off his own beer, looked expectantly at Winger, who got the message and ordered another round.  The servbot hummed over with a new tray of drinks in a few moments and expertly secured the tray to the pedestal, whisking the old tray away.
“You were going to ask…how the hell is this permitted? “  Stella stifled a chuckle, looked furtively around to make sure no one was listening in.  Mariner Bar was a small place…only the low and plaintive plucking of some country guitar in the corner covered their voices.  The vocalist was some ecotech off shift, gamely trying to pick out a Roy Orbison tune.  “Let’s just say Frontier Corps works in mysterious ways…like your Quantum Corps, I’m sure.  Orders from Mars Command…that’s really all I can tell you.”
Winger understood.  “In a word, politics.  The Symbiosis project, Frontier Corps-style.  Blending men and machine.  Creating a super trooper…or in your case, ship crewman.  Continuous improvement and all that crap.”
“Exactly, Major.  Look, I’m an old cycler captain.  I’m used to spinning around the Sun in a nice easy stable orbit…not too much excitement, nothing to see, nothing to do.  I’m for anything that makes my life easier.  The Corps started integrating swarm para-human ‘crewmen’ into our normal rotations about five months ago.  Call it efficiency.  Cost savings.  Latest technology upgrade.  Politics.  Call it whatever you want.  Just don’t give me something that makes my life harder.  Cycler captains like routine.   We don’t like surprises.  And so far—“ Stella shrugged, worked his beer for a moment, “—it’s worked like a charm.  Lieutenant Freeman—that’s the name the Corps gave us…his real designation is something like Config CXT-209987—has been a most able crewman and second-in-command.  Does everything I ask.  Doesn’t get the rest of the crew riled up…anymore.  We had some issues in the beginning…I’m sure you Quantum Corps types do too.  You know…dinosaurs, troglodytes who can’t accept change.  Everybody has those types.  But Freeman’s worked out pretty well.”
Winger tried some peanuts and crackers.  Better than the beer, he realized.  “I have to admit I was going to warn you about Freeman, but since you already know—“
“Surely you nanotypes have something similar.  Even yourself—“ But Stella decided not to finish that thought and smiled hesitantly.
Winger nodded.  Al Glance added, “Worse than that…we’ve got embeds.  Every trooper carries a small ANAD master assembler in a containment port implanted surgically in his shoulder.  We’re all hybrids now.”
“We’re not even sure how much to trust our own embeds, Captain.  Especially now, what with Config Zero.”
“Bad juju, that is,” Stella agreed.  “Makes me glad I’m not down there.”  He watched the Valles slide out of view.  “You know, Major, I’m always most impressed with the Tharsis bulge…Olympus Mons, all the volcanoes.  After the Big Smack, GreenMars says all that will be forest land someday, maybe a few thousand years from now.  The bots are down there, making it all green; it’s already starting to show up to the naked eye.  I’m going to miss that red desert.  So stark.  So bare.  Kind of elemental.  Maybe that’s why I like being a cycler captain.  You go out into space and you have to confront it on its terms…or you die.  None of this symbiosis crap…altering and transforming everything for Man.”
Winger understood.  “You’d fit right in with Quantum Corps.  We’re fighting the same battles.  It’s a complicated relationship we have with ANAD now.”
“We both need each other,” Glance said, ‘But neither side really trusts the other either.  In the old days, when the Major here was a nog fresh out of the Academy, we controlled the nanobots.  We ran ANAD, programmed it, piloted it into combat and the little buggers did what we said.  Nowadays, somehow, they’ve become equals.  They’ve got rights, for heaven’s sake  ….how crazy is that?   It’s like giving rights to your washing machine…back when there were washing machines.”
Stella was sympathetic.  “We fight the same battles in Frontier Corps.  But what choice do we really have, gentlemen?  The swarms are part of us now, part of our culture and technology.  We don’t have much choice but to trust them.  We can no longer live without them.  And there are more and more angels.”  Immediately, he wished he hadn’t said that.
Winger stared into his drink, reluctant to try another taste of the swill.  Maybe a fruit juice.  “It’s okay, Captain…I’m getting used to all the stares.  Really, it’s not so bad.  I only hope this kind of dependence doesn’t lead to the end of everything.”
“Well, not to worry,” Stella brightened up.  “With Archimedes, we have our own little world.  At least, for the next few months, we don’t have to worry about fighting bugs, Config Zero, swarms’ rights or any of that bunk.  Just trot along the spacelanes out to Jupiter—“
“Yeah,” said Winger “and try to find what’s responsible for all this mess.”
Glance shook his head.  “One way or another, it’s always about the swarms.”

(Three months later…)
Aboard UNISPACE Transit Ship Archimedes
Three Days from Jupiter Orbit Insertion
December 8, 2050 (Earth U.T.)

Three months, two days and a handful of hours after departing Phobos Station, Mighty Mite Barnes and Nicole Simonet were sitting at a table in the crew’s mess, aboard Archimedes’ crew deck, nursing a few beers.  Simonet fiddled with the gain on the main viewer to bring Jupiter into full resolution.  They were well beyond the outer fringe of the Belt now, in trans-Jovian space and Jupiter lay directly ahead, now swollen to a readily discernible disk.
“Looks like a fuzzy beach ball,” Barnes said.   “With hair—“
Simonet pronounced herself satisfied with the view.  “Yeah, a beach ball with enough radiation to fry your pretty little brain in about two seconds.”
“You’re assuming I have a brain…I checked mine at the recruiting station when I signed up for nog school.”
It was a salmon-hued world, mottled and banded with oranges, reds, browns and ambers, a cauldron of clouds, storms and majestic seething turbulence.  Alternating strips of light and dark wrapped the planet in a calico shroud and several small red spots boiled away in the north tropical zone, companions to the Great Red Spot in the south, a centuries-old hurricane churning since the time of Cromwell and King Charles.
For several days, Archimedes coursed through the Jovian skies in a steeply inclined orbit, skirting the shoals and reefs of her radiation belts, until at last they found the first of several holes in the sheath of charged particles.  Captain Stella passed the word to all hands that the ship was about to begin a series of maneuvers which would end up bringing them into orbit around Europa.   Archimedes dropped to a lower orbit through the first of these holes, like navigating a minefield in a wartime harbor.
After a few days had passed, the ship settled into orbit half a million kilometers above the cloud tops.  By now, the planet filled nearly a third of the sky and hundreds of frothing spicules and cells of gas swept by beneath them.  The speed of its rotation flattened Jupiter at the poles and widened it to a bulge at the equator.  Ferocious winds resulted and they smeared the columns of gas into all sorts of grotesque and beautiful shapes.  Barnes and the rest of Bravo Detachment that came by the crew’s mess watched the scenery below for hours at a time.  Barnes found herself transfixed by the ever-shifting palette of colors and shapes.  She could well imagine the planet’s visible face as a giant’s palette, where Nature worked as the artist to create an ever-changing panorama of colors, forms and brush strokes.
Definitely not Kansas, she muttered to herself.
In time, Archimedes made her way into orbit about Europa.  Johnny Winger himself joined some of the crew in the mess compartment, as the cracked billiard-ball of a world turned slowly below them.  
“Gives me the creeps,” Sheila Reaves said.  She shuddered involuntarily and sucked at her drink.
“All those cracks are seams in the ice plates,” Vic Klimuk marveled.  “And to think that’s where we’re going, right into one of those seams.”
“And below—“added Winger.  He decided it was time to finish up their final briefings and get ready for the landing.  “All right, boys and girls, all hands lay aft to the Service deck.  I want to go over last minute details before we head down.”
The Detachment assembled on C deck, amidst all their gear and equipment—hypersuits, camou-fog generators, coil guns and HERF weapons, all the gear a Quantum Corps detachment took into operations.  
Winger, with help from his new CC2 Vic Klimuk, briefed the troopers on what was known of the Europan environment from Farside’s analysis, what was known of past encounters with the Spheres (notably Paryang Monastery in Tibet and Engebbe, Kenya), tactical intel from Q2 on what was suspected of this particular device and what the spooks thought the Chinese were really up to.  Last minute checks on their equipment and final run-throughs of unit tactics were to be completed by 2200 hours that night, in preparation for Archimedes’ final orbit insertion burn.  Ten hours later, the Detachment would be embarking on the lander Trident for the surface, and the formal start of Operation Jovian Hammer.
There was clearly still some unease among the troopers about conducting an assault on a Sphere with quantum displacement capabilities with ANAD as part of the unit.
“Can we really trust them now, Skipper?” asked Mighty Mite Barnes, as she re-assembled a coilgun carbine she had been servicing.  
Winger knew he was going to have to face this issue head on.  “Corporal Barnes, you know perfectly well that ANAD swarms are fully integrated into all Quantum Corps operations and any anomalies are part of the normal learning curve. ANAD systems are our tactical partners and the Symbiosis Project has been a resounding success for the Corps.”
Several troopers snickered when Barnes put down the coilgun and looked straight at Winger.
“Begging the Major’s pardon, sir, but that sounds just like some kind of crackerjack press release from CINCQUANT.”
Winger knew he had been had.  “I know it does, Mite, but that’s the official line.  We have to trust our ANAD units.  This operation has no hope without ANAD fully involved.”
“She’s right, Skipper--” said Nicole Simonet.  Simonet was at another work stand, working on a SuperFish probe for use at Europa.  “With all that’s going on back home, Config Zero and the swarms on the loose, what’s to keep our own ANADs from deciding we should become extinct?   How can I trust any ANAD system when it may be looking at me like some kind of dinosaur?  Hell, even our commanding officer is a—“ She bit off her words and looked around a little sheepishly.
“It’s okay…let’s air this out now and be done with it.  One word, trooper:  programming.  You get in tight with your bots and you know their guts backward and forward.  You fly the swarm like a pilot and see what life looks like from nanoscale.  You slog your way through all that sleet and crap and get bounced around from Brownian motion like some kind of carnival ride.  You eat, sleep, pee and poop with the bugs until you know ‘em inside out and upside down.  You know everything there is to know about everything inside that device and that’s how you become sure the thing will do what you say.  Is that clear…to everybody?”
There was a chorus of ayes and assents around the compartment.  
“Very well,” Winger went on.  He looked around at all the troopers.  The Detachment’s combat ANAD didn’t seem to be on hand.  That was odd.  The swarm was supposed to be mustered in some form or fashion anytime the Detachment had a briefing. Of course, the bug cloud could easily be on hand, but not visible as a swarm.  Winger decided he would need to check into that.  All troopers were expected to be present when an all-hands briefing was called, even if they were in reality a cloud of nanobotic devices that swarmed like dust flies.
“Finish getting your gear together and start moving equipment into the lander.  Trident departs at 1130 hours…that’s four hours from now.  Dismissed!”
The Detachment resumed sorting out their gear while Winger decided to hunt down ANAD for a little ass-chewing. Disciplining a formation of nanoscale assemblers wasn’t something he had learned from the Commander’s manual. After half an hour of looking, he found the swarm already aboard Trident, drifting like an iridescent mist just on the edge of visibility on D deck, Stores and Supplies.
“ANAD, what the hell are you doing in here?  You were supposed to be at the briefing in the crew’s mess.”
The swarm brightened momentarily as Winger approached.
***ANAD was surveying supplies and equipment stores, verifying inventory files against actuals…at this time, computed variances equal two point two percent of manifested allotments…ANAD will investigate and track other Stores locations on the ship to make up the computed--***
“ANAD…ANAD…you don’t have to do all that.  The yeomanbots, Armand1 and Armand2, will take care of our supplies.  You were supposed to be in the crew’s mess.  I called an all-hands briefing.  Why weren’t you there?”
The swarm roiled for a few seconds, some kind of disturbance wave radiating outward.  
***ANAD has only the highest commitment to the mission…ANAD serves the Detachment best by supporting mission objectives…proper levels of supplies and stores are essential to achieving mission objectives***
“ANAD, I can’t argue that.  And it’s great that you take initiative…troopers are supposed to take initiative.  But when your commander gives a direct order, you obey.  Is that understood?  We can’t have every trooper going off and doing whatever they want.  I may be a cloud of bots myself but I’m still your commanding officer…got that?”
The swarm roiled and dimmed slightly, almost as if ANAD were considering the ramifications of what Winger had said.  
***ANAD detects acoustic indicators for stress in Major Winger’s voice patterns…parsing ‘stress’ (n. pressure, strain, anxiety, tension)…ANAD detects skin conductance levels rising, primary indicators for non-optimal neural patterns in main processor…re-evaluating recent actions…ANAD resets and initializes Stage 1 config buffers…Major Winger advise ANAD of proper config and actions***
Winger shook his head.  The problem with using ANAD swarms as troopers was that you didn’t have anything to yell at…it was hard to get a readable reaction from such a trooper.  In nog school, when the drill instructor got in your face, he could see your lips quiver and the sweat bead up on your forehead.  When an ANAD swarm needed an ass-chewing, what could you really see?  A cloud of bots drifting around…you might as well yell at the dust motes in the corner.
Winger felt like he had just swatted a loyal old dog on the behind.  It was high time to take this horse by the reins.  “ANAD, assume config state one, right now.  You’re coming with me.”   
The swarm didn’t exactly wag its tail but there was a noticeable brightening and the outer edges of the formation seem to sharpen.  Winger tapped on his comm clip and hailed Chris Calderon.
“CEC, meet me aboard Trident, in five minutes.  Utility deck.  I want to run full diagnostics on ANAD…the master assembler.  There’s some weird crap going on with these bots and I want to make sure we’ve got a fully functional assembler system.”
“Right away, Skipper,” came the reply.
Winger and the bot swarm headed out to the central gangway and went down one level.  
The Utility deck had a small containment lab, basically a tiny cubicle, to run tests on ANAD systems.  Winger met Calderon there.
“Okay, ANAD…in you go,” Winger told the swarm.  “Master assembler and all replicants: config for capture and containment.”
The swarm brightened along its edges, flaring briefly like a summer sunset.
***ANAD prefers diagnostics to be run on systems in natural swarm state…maintaining config one…***
Winger looked at Calderon.  The CEC shrugged.  “Not sure what that’s about, Skipper.”  He powered up the console and probed the swarm with EM.  “Reading normal atom groups, normal activity….all normal.”
“ANAD,” said Winger, a little more firmly.  “What did we just talk about…obeying your commander’s orders.  I said: config for capture.  I can’t run full diagnostics on the master with you floating around out here…ANAD, get your ass into containment, on the double!”
The swarm flared and popped, little bursts of light going off like fireflies in a fog.  The formation seethed with activity.  
Calderon was shaking his head.  “Reading high thermals, Skipper…high EMs…the bugs are agitated today.”
“I don’t doubt it,” Winger said.  He studied the swarm for a moment.  “ANAD, what the hell’s going on…get in the can.”
***ANAD desires that diagnostic tests be run with swarm in config state one…***
Then Calderon had an idea.   “ANAD, how is that even possible?  I can’t get the probes and scopes on you when you’re flying around—“
***ANAD recommending use acoustic channels…ask questions and ANAD will provide answers…this is normal procedure for single-config entities, is it not?***
Calderon snapped his fingers.  “I get it, Skipper.  He wants to be treated like one of us.  Like he’s in a doctor’s office…we ask where does it hurt and so forth.”
Winger shook his head.  “This can’t be.  You sure there isn’t some anomaly in your readings?”
Calderon studied the console.  “Nothing, Skipper.  Normal bond activity…a few atoms being grabbed, but that’s just to maintain structure.  Normal EM levels, normal thermal signature…everything’s copacetic from here.”
“Except he’s acting like a four-year old.  ANAD, what’s this about?  Confirm…you are refusing to go back into containment?  You are refusing a direct order?”
The swarm seethed and pulsated and flickered, shifting around the cubicle.  Part of the swarm drifted toward the open capture port on the containment tank, like a finger reaching out to touch, then recoiled away.  
“Bond activity going up—“ said Calderon.  “Thermals going high…he’s grabbing a lot of atoms, breaking bonds left and right.”
“He’s thinking,” Winger observed.  
The swarm began to shrink, but its internal glow brightened, and then with the finality of a finger snap, the swarm curled into a ball of flickering light and made for the capture port.  In seconds, the last of the swarm had flown into the port.
Winger cycled the port shut.  ANAD was in containment at last.  
“Finally,” he breathed a sigh of relief.  “Status of assembler master…”
“Thermals are still high, EMs too…master cycling between config states…like he can’t make up his mind.”
“Send a hard signal, Chris…maintain config state one.  I want to get the scope on that assembler and see what the hell’s going on.”
Calderon was already powering up the imager.  The shaky, grainy view of the trellis-shaped scaffolding in the center of the tank slowly materialized and settled into view.  “You think it may be the Sphere, Skipper?”
“I don’t know what it is,” Winger told them.  “Maybe the Chinese…but this is happening more and more…ANAD refused a direct order…he’s already disobeyed my orders several times.  That can’t happen on this mission.  If I can’t get ANAD back on track or find out what’s wrong, he may have to stay in containment.”

By 1100 hours, all of the Detachment had boarded Trident and secured themselves and their gear.  Captain Stella was in the commander’s seat on B deck, with Lieutenant Freeman in the right hand seat.  Winger had secured himself in a jump seat behind, alongside Vic Klimuk.
Klimuk shot Winger a look, while Stella and Freeman went through their checklist.  Even from close behind, it was nearly impossible to tell about Freeman.  The swarm had a texture that belied its true nature.  From two meters away, you could not tell that Julian Freeman was an angel, a collection of nanoscale assembler bots.  
Klimuk’s eyes told the story.  So real looking, it’s creepy.  Winger nodded.  He wondered what Klimuk thought of him, then decided not to dwell on it.  They had a mission to perform. 
“Ten seconds to separation,” Stella called.  The captain scanned his boards and instruments, pronounced himself satisfied with what he saw.  Trident was docked at the forward nose port of Archimedes, a giant sausage stuck on a plate, secured to a kebab skewer, as Mighty Mite Barnes had termed it.  
“Three…two…one…separating now—“
There was a gentle shudder and the sound of capture latches releasing.  Stella pulsed Trident’s aft thrusters and the ship backed off at a stately pace, eventually settling into a co-orbiting position several thousand meters from the home ship.
Below them, Europa turned like a cracked golf ball, dimpled, rutted with deep ice canyons and odd brown streaks.  As Trident backed away, the huge banded disk of Jupiter itself poked over the Europan horizon, at a crazy angle.  The moon was in a three and a half day orbit about the giant planet, averaging three quarters of a million kilometers above her cloud tops, bathed in hard radiation.
Johnny Winger was glad Trident and Archimedes both maintained active rad defensive shielding and emitters.  Otherwise, they would have all been fried to cinders days ago.
“Thirty-two minutes to de-orbit,” Stella announced.  “Make sure everything’s secured.  This will be quite a kick in the pants.”
Freeman acknowledged and went about his duties with aplomb.  The angel had the appearance of a lean, even gaunt human being, with close-cropped dark hair and rather large ears…perhaps a minor flaw in the config.  As Trident closed on her de-orbit point, Winger studied the surface structure of the angel, looking for any sign of defect, any frizzing, shadowing or edge irregularity.  There was none.  He tried imagining what kind of config, indeed what kind of effectors and atom grouping, could pull off a stunt like that.  He was a little jealous but he was damned if he was going to admit it. 
Fantastic engineering, he told himself.  Quantum Corps had nothing that could match the realism of Freeman.  Even on his best days, Winger knew that even he showed some fuzziness around the edges, when he assumed a human-like config.  Who the hell designed this system, he wondered?
“De-orbit burn in five seconds,” Stella announced.  
Winger took a peek out the nearest porthole.  Two hundred kilometers below, the surface of Europa looked dingy gray white, wrapped in dark lines and crevasses like a ball of yarn, oddly smooth in general appearance but definitely textured and shadowed in bizarre, even menacing ways.  Somewhere down there, scores of kilometers below the icy surface, was an ocean of night, and some kind of device that was talking with something buried in the ruins of Paryang.
Somehow, some way, Bravo Detachment had to get down there and find the Sphere or whatever the hell it was, then put it out of commission, before the Chinese and their Red Hammer dropouts got to it.
“…three…two…one…engine arm—“  
Trident shook and shuddered like a wet dog, as her engines lit off, slowing her down for a steep descent toward the surface.  The ship was attached to a landing platform that contained her descent and ascent engines and provided a stable base to set her down on just about any surface.    If all went well, the assembly would make landfall at a site 168 degrees west by 42 degrees north, near the end of a meandering dark reddish-brown chasm called Minos Linea, in a territory known to the astros as Falga Regio.  
From there, Trident would trundle off the platform onto the surface and begin boring her way downward, toward the subsurface ocean said to be about thirty kilometers below.  Once submerged, she would head east by southeast, toward the presumed coordinates of the Sphere, triangulated by decoherence wake analysis to be a full three-day voyage away in a region known on the maps as Rathmore Chaos.
Aptly named, thought Winger, as he eyed the surface coming up fast through the porthole.  And there was still the Chinese ship and its lander to look out for.
Stella and Freeman were busy with the landing, calling out waypoints and targets with cool efficiency.  
“Two hundred meters,” said Freeman, his voice crackling with a slight buzz…angels often had that as the bots struggled to form up acoustic waves into something approximating a voice.  “One eighty…coming down at ten, drifting to the right…five forward…now five forward….”
Trident had cut her forward velocity almost to zero and was now descending almost straight down.  Outside the porthole, the linear vent opening that was their landing zone loomed larger and larger, a seam of streaked warmer ice separating two churning ice rafts, dozens of kilometers square.  Winger watched the ground coming up fast.  If he closed his eyes, he could almost imagine himself on a ski lift at Breckinridge, Colorado, coming down the slope toward the lodge.
“One hundred meters…three forward, on target, throttling down ten percent…fuel is good…looking good, Captain—“
Stella worked the controls and gently stabilized Trident as she dropped closer and closer.  Europa’s gravity was about a tenth of Earth’s, so movement in and around the surface would be no problem.  Beyond the porthole, Winger could see the surface rising higher and higher in his view…rugged boulders and icescapes tumbled all over like some giant kid’s play toys.
“—contact light…okay, engine stop…that’s it, Captain!  You did it!”
Trident settled onto the surface with a last minute lurch and suddenly, everything went silent.  
“We’re down,” Stella announced.  “I’m reading off target by about twelve meters…not too bad for an old cycler captain.”
Europa gave them a fantastic vista outside the portholes.  The sky was black, mostly filled by the lopsided half-crescent of Jupiter itself, the banded, striated giant filling nearly a quarter of the sky.  Deep shadows accentuated the chasms and gouges along the top of the ice surface, which was a blocky, jumbled mess of frozen forms and shapes.  
“Looks like an ocean frozen in time, Skipper,” said Vic Klimuk, craning his neck to see.  “Waves washing up on a beach, then zap!  Freeze it right there.”
“You’re not far wrong,” Winger said.  
Stella scanned his controls and instruments.  “Outside temp is about a hundred degrees Kelvin…that’s about minus two eighty Fahrenheit, boys and girls.  Just another beautiful day in the neighborhood…let’s get going.”
The crew unstrapped and set to work preparing Trident to leave her landing platform.  After half an hour, Stella recalled everybody to their seats.  
“I’m firing the capture latches now,” he announced.  A loud series of staccato bangs reverberated through Trident’s hull.  No longer secured to the top of the platform, the borer submersible was free to move out on her own.  
“Engage treads,” Stella ordered.
Lieutenant Freeman flipped several switches.  Trident’s treads, three longitudinal tracks mounted circumferentially around her waist, spun up.  A low frequency vibration could felt throughout the ship.  The submersible was coming alive.
“Drop the clutch,” Stella said.  Freeman complied.  Trident lurched forward, grinding against her restraints.  “We’re underway on treads.”
The giant sausage began crawling off its plate.  Stella worked his steering through a tiny joystick at the center console, nudging it forward.  Trident’s nose dipped as she dropped onto the ramp and trundled like a fat pig down onto the surface of Europa.   For Winger, the maneuver brought back distant memories of the geoplanes on which Trident’s design had been based.  Instead of boring into the Earth, however, this beast would be boring into the icy crust of Europa itself.
“I’ll drive off about five hundred meters and set up for boring,” Stella told them.  He twisted the joystick and fought the rough surface as Trident ambled forward, rocking against boulders and tilted ice cliffs.  “I don’t want to start boring too close to the lander.  We’ll need the platform to get off this big ice cube.”
A ten minute drive brought them rocking and bouncing to a small ledge, overlooking a narrow chasm, filled with darker ice.  Stella braked to a halt and edged over the lip of the chasm, pointing the nose of the submersible toward the chasm floor.  Lieutenant Freeman sounded the surface with radar, and pronounced the ravine approachable.
“Temps reading twenty degrees warmer…ice may be thinner here too.  Recommending we breach here, Captain.”
Stella agreed.  He parked the sub perched on the edge of the chasm.  “Let’s get the borer set up.  Major, if you please—“
Winger unstrapped and headed with Stella forward through the central gangway to A deck, where the borer and containment systems were located.  Once released from containment, the borer lens would be filled with uncountable gazillions of ANAD bots, optimized for disassembling solid-phase structures…like ice.  
Trident would literally chew her way through Europa’s ice crust to the subsurface ocean thirty kilometers below them.
Inside A deck, Stella worked at the borer controls, prepping the bots for release.  Winger helped him with configuration management.  
“This should only take a few minutes,” Stella was saying.  “These bugs are optimized for speed of disassembly.  They like to eat things…like ice.”
“Master config loaded and verified,” Winger’s fingers flew over the keyboard.  
“I’m cycling the capture port…coming open now….”  Through the vid screen, the lens and parabolic emitter at the nose of Trident became hazy with a blue-white glow, an incandescent glow as bots flowed out of containment, stripped atoms and began building the borer lens.  When stable and fully formed, the lens would be a hemispherical swarm of disassembly nanobots, blue-white hot from bond breaking, the teeth of the whole array.  Trident would lower herself to the ice and the borer would chew a path through…thirty kilometers through, if the thing worked properly.
“Lens forming up—“ Stella studied the seething globe of fire that formed at the front of the submersible.  “Looks steady, config is stable, normal bond energy levels, just a little edge effects, from what I see.  The tunnel may be a little ragged at first, but the dimensions look good from here.”
“I concur,” Winger said.  
“I’m setting us down on the ice now—“
Stella flipped a few switches and Trident’s treads folded, lowering her nose to the ice.  At the same time, the borer lens began slicing into the surface, its swarm of bots snapping bonds and obliterating atoms like a hot knife through butter.  The entire front end of the sub was soon bathed in the blue-white glow.  Slowly, imperceptibly at first, Trident slid forward, her nose inclining down at an angle.  In moments, as the borer chewed into the ice, the sub began sinking lower and lower, until her portholes were below the surface and covered with the dingy gray murk that was Europa’s icy crust.  A faint vibration could be felt throughout the hull and slight groans from her outer skin flexing could be heard.
In less than five minutes, Trident was fully below the surface, melting and boring her way through the ice, sliding ever so slowly down a tunnel of her own making.
Operation Jovian Hammer was underway in earnest now.  If all went well, the trip through the ice crust to Europa’s subterranean ocean would take nearly thirty hours.  
The ship’s 1MC chirped.  
“Captain, this is Freeman…there’s a message coming in on coupler wideband…flash traffic from UNISPACE.”
“On my way.”  Stella stayed on A deck for a while longer, just to monitor boring operations and see that Trident was on course, nose down at a twenty-five degree angle and on a heading that would take her to an emergence point some three thousand kilometers from the triangulated coordinates of their target.  After emerging from the underside of the ice, Trident would be in her true element, operating as a submarine at a depth of five hundred meters below the bottom of the ice, some thirty-two kilometers below the surface of the moon.
Then the real mission would begin.
Stella went back to B deck and scanned the message.  He looked up at Winger.
“UNISPACE says the Chinese ship Shen Feng went into Jupiter orbit about ten hours ago.  Some kind of lander put down on the surface here less than an hour before we did…other side of the Chaos.  I didn’t see anything.”
Winger sucked in his breath.  “So they’re here…and probably underway too, headed for the same coordinates.  I guess this means the race is on.”
Stella grimaced.  
Winger decided to head aft and find something hot to drink in the crew’s mess on C deck.  On the way, he ran into Lieutenant Freeman, just emerging from B deck into the central gangway.
“I’m headed aft for some coffee, Lieutenant.  Care to join me?”
Freeman turned about and regarded Winger cautiously.  “I’m sorry, Major.  I am headed to F deck…routine maintenance inspections on the power plant.  And, as you can see, I am not like the others…I couldn’t drink coffee.  Same as you, sir…”  There was a faint attempt at a smile…the effect was more like a Halloween mask than a real smile.
“Of course,” Winger said.  He held on to a rail as Trident lurched slightly.  The central gangway deck was canted upward and Winger had to pull himself along to maintain balance.  “I almost forgot.  You know…for both of us, our likeness with human form is remarkable.  Must take a lot of processor qubits to do that.  And a helluva config as well.”
Freeman maintained the ‘smile.’  “Thank you, Major.  This configuration is the latest in bipedal form simulation…evolved from over a hundred and twenty thousand iterations in the lab.  My texture and skin reflectance achieves congruence in over ninety eight percent of all measured parameters.”
And I’m sure you’re a swell guy too, Winger thought but didn’t say.  “My compliments to the chef, Lieutenant.  Carry on—“  He watched as Freeman made his way further aft, eventually disappearing into the hatch for F deck.
Winger ducked into the crew’s mess and found several troopers on hand.  One of the yeomanbots was scuttling around the mess handling plates and trash…it looked like Armand2.  Winger ordered himself up a coffee and some pastries and found a spot between Ray Spivey and Mighty Mite Barnes, both engaged in a heated debate.
“Skipper, maybe you can settle this—“ Barnes said.  “Spite here says he just brushed by Lieutenant Freeman…grabbed a few molecules, he says and he wants to do a lab check…see how Freeman compares with our own ANADs.  I’m saying that’s insubordination…Freeman’s a superior officer—granted with UNISPACE—and any such thing is against regs.  And anyway, why would he think UNISPACE has better bots than we do?”
Winger munched on a gooey jelly-filled something, wiping the mess from the corners of his mouth.  He smiled sheepishly, noting that his drinking and eating program needed a little work.  “That right, Sergeant?  You got a few atoms from Lieutenant Freeman?”
Spivey wasn’t sure whether to be proud or contrite.  “Yes, sir…it was kind of unintentional…see the Lieutenant and me were passing by each other in the tunnel out there and it’s kind of narrow.  Well, sir, the ship kind of lurched and we bumped into each other.  Felt funny, too…my hand didn’t exactly go through his arm, but it was like jamming your fingers in a pile of sand…about that kind of consistency.”
Winger admitted he had just seen Freeman himself.  “Lieutenant Freeman is a full-fledged officer in UNISPACE…you guys know that--”
“Yes, sir,” they both answered.
Winger wasn’t sure how to handle this.  Plus who knew what eyes and ears were listening in?  They all had doubts about Freeman, even Captain Stella.  “And you know it’s UNIFORCE policy to employ and promote angels and swarm entities into responsible positions in the Corps at every opportunity—“
“Yes, sir—“
“It seems to me,” Winger said, swallowing the rest of the pastry and washing it down with a swig of coffee –at least that part of his disassembly program worked--, “that a good trooper follows Corps policy and regs to the best of his ability and doesn’t question orders and actions by a superior officer.”
“Skipper, I don’t even know if I’ve still got those molecules…it was on my arm here—“ he started to show Winger, but the Major waved it off.  
“Save it, Spite.  I know what happened.  I just saw Freeman myself.  It just happened. “  He studied the sleeves of Spivey’s uniform.  “Sergeant, looks to me like you’ve got something that needs attention on that arm.”
“Sir?”
“Get down to the shop and see if you can get that taken care of…and anything you find, see that it’s contained.  We don’t want just any old crap floating around the ship, now do we?”
Spivey looked puzzled for a moment, but Barnes understood immediately and elbowed him in the ribs.  “Come on, Spite, you heard the Major.  Let’s get that arm taken care of.”
“I’ll be by to check on it after awhile.” Winger told them.    The two troopers left for E deck and Winger looked casually about the small mess compartment, over the steaming lip of his coffee cup.  Hopefully, anybody hears that, they won’t suspect a thing.  Armand2 went on about his work, tidying up the crew’s mess.  
He waited about ten minutes, a decent interval, he figured, then headed to the shop and utility spaces on E deck himself.
Barnes and Spivey were already there, near the quantum imager.  Spivey’s shirt was off and the sleeve of the shirt was secured in the objective tray of the imager.  The screen showed a grid-like array, populated with vibrating fuzzballs that flitted from one cell to another.  
“Anatomy 101, Major,” Barnes said.  “We managed to capture a few of the molecules from the Lieutenant.  Jumpy little buggers, too.  Had to spray ‘em a few times with HERF to get them to stay still long enough for an image.”
Winger studied the image.  “Those bots are souped up like hot rods, for sure.  Can you go to higher res, Spite?  I want to check out the effector array.”
“Sure thing, Skipper.”  Spivey twiddled with some controls.  The grid grew larger.  The fuzzballs became slightly more distinct and a few structures were faintly discernible.  
Winger looked a little closer.  “What the hell are those doodads?”  
Spivey examined the image.  The structure was one of two cones, inverted tip to tip.  The cone surfaces were festooned with undulating arms and appendages.  “Jesus, it must have a gazillion effectors…the whole damn thing is effectors.”
“Fantastic engineering…look how the surfaces are dimpled—“Winger said.
“Quantum traps, I’ll bet,” Barnes added.  
“This bugger’s got it all:  pyridine probes, bond disrupters, enzymatic knife…look at that one—“Spivey pointed to a hook-shaped effector.  “I’d bet a month’s salary that’s a fullerene grapple.”
“But what makes the texture of the swarm so lifelike, Skipper?  I mean, we’re seeing incredible stuff here, but it’s still just a nanobot.”
“All in the config, Mite,” Winger told her.  “Just like me.  It’s the pattern.  Which means that somewhere inside those cones is one hell of a processor…with algorithms and configurations we’ve never imagined.  To be able to pull off something like a Lieutenant Freeman has to take a processor with speed and memory and pattern buffers maybe even old Doc Frost never imagined.  Which gives me an idea—“Winger cycled open the capture port on his web belt.  “I got Doc II with me.  Spite, open that tank.  I’ll insert Doc II and let him take a quick look.”
He opened the quantum coupler circuit to his embedded botswarm.  Right away, Doc II was enthusiastic.
***Preparing effectors for probe…abstractors and grabbers coming on-line…I’m spinning up propulsors…transiting to exit…***
“Doc, just get in there and take a quick look.  Don’t trigger anything…just poke and probe and give me an analysis.  How far advanced are these things?”
He felt the sting of the swarm exiting his belt container.  For a few moments, a faint mist thickened the air between Winger’s shoulder and the containment cell’s port.  A few brief flickers and the mist began thinning.  Doc II had made his way from the embed capsule to the containment cell and was inside the tank.  Spivey cycled the port shut.  Soon enough, the first bots of the Doc II swarm drifted into view on the imager.
***Approaching target structures now…fifteen thousand nanometers…slowing to one-quarter propulsor…I have my pyridines and fullerenes at full extension…arming bond disrupters***
“Good idea,” Winger said.  “These bots may be a little ticklish.”
For the next half hour, the Doc II swarm probed and prodded and sniffed the captured bots from Lieutenant Freeman.  Reams of data on bond angles and energies flooded back into the shop computer.  Winger, Spivey, and Barnes studied the structures and layout of the bots with growing interest…and a sense of unease.  It was clear that the bots which made up Lieutenant Freeman were several generations ahead of anything ANAD or Doc II could offer.  Winger wondered how his own configs and bots compared and didn’t like the uneasy feeling that followed.  
“Where did this stuff come from?” he wondered.  “Quantum Corps has always been on the cutting edge of nanobotic technology.  But I’m seeing effectors and architecture no one ever dreamed of before.  How long has UNISPACE employed angels like Freeman…I need to have another talk with Stella.  Spite, you may have just pinched us a piece of Config Zero itself…or something close.”
Spivey shook his head at the imager and all the data they had gathered.  “What we don’t know is what’s inside that processor, Skipper.  That’s where the real magic is.”
Winger had decided to pay Stella a courtesy call and have a little commander to commander chat.  “Keep this under wraps.  Both of you.  I’m not sure what to make of this Lieutenant Freeman…the bots have capabilities that seem to be a lot more than any angel needs, even a damn good angel.   It’s like the Lieutenant is designed for something a little bigger than just UNISPACE cycler ship duty.”
“Will do, Skipper,” Barnes and Spivey said in unison.
Winger left the shop and made his way back down the gangway toward the berthing spaces on C deck, hanging on to side rails as Trident lurched again.  The angle on the deck was still around twenty degrees.  She was heading down into the ice, boring her way through Europa’s crust toward the subsurface ocean at a stately three kilometers per hour, according to the last update.  A steady thrumming vibration could felt throughout the hull.  Winger wanted to check on their position and status.  
And question Stella a little further on this strange creature called Lieutenant Freeman.
For the next several hours, little changed aboard the sub.  The Detachment had settled into their bunks for some shuteye, ordered by Winger, since once they made the ocean and got underway toward their target, there would be plenty to do, checking gear and reviewing tactics for the upcoming mission.
Winger decided to make his way forward to the command deck.  He found Captain Stella there, studying surface maps of Europa and plotting their course once the sub emerged from the ice.
Stella looked up when Winger slipped into the right hand seat.  
“Got any idea where we are?” Winger asked.
Stella nodded.  “Still in the ice.  Actually, I just did some soundings.  Ice density’s falling off steadily.  It looks like we’ll be coming to the bottom edge in a few hours.  After that, we’re a true submarine.  And we can get after that Chinese ship.”
Winger studied the charts for himself.  “The mission plan calls for a three-day trip to the target coordinates.”
“Based on the most recent data, that sounds about right.”  Stella pointed out the navigation waypoints.  “We landed here…Minos Linea, the eastern terminus, according to this map.  Best triangulated position for our objective is here, right below Rathmore Chaos, possibly at a depth of five hundred meters below the ice.  The distance between the two is about a little more than three thousand kilometers.  At a steady speed of thirty knots, that makes it about three days, give or take.”
Winger tried to imagine what they would be seeing.  “I just hope the objective’s there when we get to those coordinates.  If it’s like previous Spheres, it’s nothing but a big swarm anyway.  What’s to keep it from dispersing and moving somewhere else?”
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Stella said.
“I ran into Lieutenant Freeman a few minutes ago.  He was headed aft for some kind of maintenance inspection.”
Stella folded up his maps and studied his instruments, noting the ice density chart.  “The Lieutenant can affect people different ways.  It’s okay if you feel creepy about him.  I still do, now and then.  You, for some reason, I don’t—“
Winger watched the borer console, providing displays of swarm status at Trident’s front end borer lens, along with conditions in the tunnel they were sliding through.  “I’ll take that as a compliment.  Personally, I don’t trust Freeman, Captain.  None of my troopers do.  You said before you’d got solid background on the Lieutenant?”
Stella nodded.  “Config CXT-209987 was assigned to this expedition by order of UNISPACE Headquarters.  In fact, when I learned I was getting an angel for a second-in-command, I did do a little checking.  The config was created at Copernicus Lab, on the moon, about a year ago.  UNISPACE project.  Went through the usual versions and updates.  I even read the test reports.  Freeman checks out as top notch, highly capable.  He can handle all assigned duties aboard any of our ships, cyclers, landers, shuttles, you name it.  His processor is state of the art, loaded with all the latest stuff. “Stella shrugged, settled back in his seat and closed his eyes, rubbing them.  “Officially, I have no reason to complain.  His fitness reports have been damn near a hundred per cent on everything.  And as you can see, he holds structure pretty well…”
“Just don’t shake his hand,” Winger said.  “Feels like rubberized dog poop.”
Stella laughed.  “That’s one description I hadn’t heard.  But I know what you mean.  Is the botswarm that makes up Freeman a perfect likeness in every way?  No…of course not.  His skin feels like…er, dog poop, as you put it.  His eyes are little flat…they don’t quite look at you so much as look through you.  Like he can see inside you.  And of course, when he walks, he can walk through objects if he’s not careful…the swarm just parts and refills on the other side.  The first time I saw that…Julian Freeman walking right through the edge of a mess table on the old Galileo cycler, I nearly flipped.  But that’s a stability and orientation issue, the engineers say.  Freeman’s gotten better just since I met him.  Did you know his configs and algorithms get regular updates?  You and I can’t say that about ourselves, can we, Major?”
“Actually, I can.”
“Uh…right.  Well, I try to be open-minded about this,” Stella went on.  “Angels and botswarms are everywhere, on Earth and out here as well.  We can create just about anything out of the bots.  True, organics are still dicey, but when you’ve got a sim like Freeman, who cares?  And we both know these angels are just going to get better and better, more and more lifelike.  The way I hear it, there are angel spouses and lovers on Earth…don’t know how well that works yet.  People will try anything…ANAD technology can assemble anything, disassemble anything, even resemble anything.  They are the future, whether we like it or not.”
Winger shook his head.  “That’s what I’m afraid of.  And I still don’t trust your Lieutenant.  Bots and angels are no longer predictable.  They can be controlled and organized into entities that threaten everything.  They’re not just bots anymore.  Now they’re like plagues sweeping across whole countries… sure, we use ANAD technology everywhere now.  But we’re no longer in control of it…if we ever were.”
Stella started to reply, but an insistent beep interrupted.  “Fathometer sounding…it’s programmed to go off when ice density drops below a certain threshold.”  Stella manipulated a small dial, then his fingers flew over a keyboard.  “I’m cutting back the borer to half power…and dropping our track speed.  Look at the plot…density’s dropping fast.  The edge must be just ahead.”
The hum which had pervaded Trident for most of the past day now slackened to a muted vibration.  Just as Stella dropped speed a little more, a shuddering lurch rattled through the ship’s hull and high-pitched scraping and squealing could be heard just outside.  
“Going to forward vid—“Stella announced.  The screen went from dark to crazy bouncing and careening, speckled with lights, then the luminescent globe of the borer lens materialized into view.  Beyond the glare of the borer head, a deep black swelled into view.
“The ocean—“Winger said.  “There it is.”
“Dead ahead…dropping tracks to one quarter.  I’m shutting the borer down now.”  
Trident scraped and bumped and ground against the last of ice as she slid down to the end of tunnel.  There was a heavy shudder, then she was free and underway in the ocean.
The grinding tailed off.  Stella worked his control board.  “I’m securing the borer …starting up the hydrojets.  MHD plant now on line.  I’m bringing her around to target heading.  Lieutenant Freeman to the command deck…Lieutenant Freeman to the command deck—“
The sub heeled slightly to starboard and settled onto her new course.  A steady thrum emerged from the aft end of the boat as her jets engaged.  Trident was now in her true element.  Stella checked his instruments.
“Showing thirty meters below the ice surface.  I’m setting us up for an operating depth of three hundred meters.  Planing down now—“Her stern planes shifted and the sub nosed smoothly downward, heading deeper into Europa’s ocean of night.  
“Next stop…the Sphere,” Winger muttered to himself.  He stared out the forward portholes.  Europa’s ocean was black as the darkest night.  No light whatsoever.  Nothing fluorescing or flashing, no shafts of sunlight here.   It was like they had fallen into a black hole.
At the exact same moment that Captain Stella’s voice had sounded throughout the ship “—Lieutenant Freeman to the command deck, Lieutenant Freeman to the command deck—“, Mighty Mite Barnes had been lying in her bunk, trying to get a little shuteye, going over in her mind’s eye an idea she had been working on to re-design the ship’s ANAD containment system.  It was a crazy idea, probably wouldn’t work anyway, but she couldn’t relax, couldn’t get any sleep, so she had gotten up and was headed toward the gangway hatch.
Maybe something to drink and munch on in the mess compartment would help.  Plus it would get her away from that insane snoring of Ray Spivey.  Jeez, CEC1 sounds like a herd of elephants in heat.
But before she could exit the crews’ berth on C deck into the gangway tunnel, a shadow had drifted by the hatch opening.  Instinctively, she held back to let whoever it was pass by.
It turned out to be Lieutenant Freeman, the swarm angel, moving quickly aft. 
When asked about the incident later, Trooper Barnes could never give a convincing reason for why she decided to follow the angel to wherever he was going.  Instinct, maybe.  Suspicion, for sure.  Curiosity.  All these were suggested as motives for what she had done.
Regardless, Barnes waited for a full five-second count, then slipped out into the gangway.  Down at the end of the tunnel that ran through the center of Trident, giving access to all decks and compartments, she saw the back of Freeman’s head.  He turned and slipped into the hatch for G deck.  
Why’s he going that way, she wondered.  Didn’t he hear Stella on the crewcomm?  G deck was for Ingress/Egress.  It contained the lockout chamber for crewmen to enter and leave the ship while she was underwater.  Barnes instinctively headed down the gangway in the same direction.  G deck also provided access to Trident’s tail pod, where equipment and controls were housed for buoyancy control, the hydrojets, the magnetohydrodynamic power plant and her stern plane and rudder systems.  
Barnes crept down the gangway with a growing sense of unease.  She could feel the ship settling down for cruise.  Vibration was steady and she was leveling out at her cruise depth.  The CQE1 didn’t want to think too much about that.  The truth was they were thirty kilometers below the surface of this cracked billiard-ball of a world.  They were well below the ice crust now and heading deeper into this subterranean ocean.
If anything went wrong here—
At G deck hatch, Barnes peered cautiously into the deck compartment.  At first, she didn’t see anything, didn’t see Freeman, didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.  She wasn’t even sure Detachment personnel were allowed down here.  She certainly wasn’t familiar with any of the gear or systems on G deck.
She slipped through the hatch.
That’s when Quantum Sergeant Mighty Mite Barnes spotted Lieutenant Julian Freeman.  Behind the starboard stern plane mount, Freeman…or whatever the hell he was…had lost a bit of structure, so that the swarm was no longer quite so human-like, more like a slightly misshapen funhouse mirror distortion of a human.  The swarm had gathered around some gear mounted on the hull itself.  
With a start, Barnes soon realized the gear which had attracted Freeman’s attention and efforts was a hull valve, part of the buoyancy control system.  The valve assembly allowed water in and out of Trident’s trim and buoyancy tanks.  The hull valves helped Trident stay in trim, and both ascend and descend.  
From her memory of a distant briefing before they had left Phobos Station, Barnes recalled that the hull valves were fully exposed to the water.  It was a critical system.  The hull valves had to work.  If they failed closed, Trident couldn’t expel water with her high-pressure air and ascend to the surface.  If they failed open, the entire interior pressure hull, all spaces, would be exposed to water.  A catastrophic flooding casualty could result…Captain Stella had been quite clear about that.
What the hell is he doing? Barnes wondered.  She eased into the deck compartment and then it hit her.
Julian Freeman was letting some of his swarm bots infest the hull valve.  
Her heart went into her mouth.  She had to do something.  She had to stop him.  
Mighty Mite Barnes felt for the alarm panel by the hatch and stabbed the Master Alarm button.  Instantly, a warning klaxon sounded throughout Trident, screeching and warbling through all decks.  
Freeman turned around and spotted her.  She saw that his hand was gone…or more accurately, had broken down into a cloud of bots.  A steady stream was flowing off the stump at the end of his arm into the hull valve assembly.
There was only one thing she could do.  All the HERF and mag weapons were locked in the armory on D deck, three levels away.   
Mighty Mite slapped her shoulder capsule open and the embedded ANAD swarm inside was released.  A small stream of bots, looking like a fine mist, flowed out, filling the hatch.
She shook her head just so and the quantum coupler circuit was open.
“Assume config eight…max reps…all effectors enabled—“ she commanded.  Then she flipped open her wristpad viewer and went small, preparing to engage the Freeman swarm at the only scale where it mattered: nanoscale.
Marianne “Mighty Mite” Barnes went over the ‘waterfall’ and quickly found herself in a sleet of polygons and tetrahedrals.  ANAD’s propulsors spun up to full power and she sounded ahead, hunting for the signatures she knew had to be there.
The only sure way to kill a swarm was with another swarm.  She’d learned that on day one in nog school tactical class.  
It was high time to kick the bejeezus out of this scumbag Freeman swarm. 

Chapter 3
“Into the Ocean of Night”

Aboard UNISPACE Submersible Trident
Europa Coordinate System: Lat. 41N, Long 160W
Underway at 30 KT, 325 meters below mean ice level
December 12, 2050 (Earth U.T.)

Johnny Winger was scrolling through some notes in his bunk when the master alarm sounded through the ship.  Instantly, he sprang up and headed out into Trident’s central gangway.  As he headed aft toward the sound of the klaxon, he collided with Ray Spivey, coming down from B deck.
“What the hell’s going on?” 
Spivey was grim.  Right behind the CEC1 was Captain Stella.  
“It’s coming from G deck…there are vital systems down there.  Come on—“ Stella pushed past both of them and pulled himself along the gangway rails.  When he got to the hatch, he slipped inside and came up short.
Half the compartment was enveloped in some kind of bot swarm.  And Trooper Barnes was crouched behind some pallets nearby, steering her own embedded swarm into engagement.  
Stella saw the problem right away.  The hull valve was fully enveloped in a swarm.  And already a thin stream of water was spraying into the compartment.
“The hull valve—watch out!”
Even as Johnny Winger dove head first for Freeman, the valve gave way and high-pressure water screeched into the compartment in an ear-splitting whine.  Barnes was knocked off her feet and lost control of her own swarm.  Winger plowed into Freeman, or what was left of Freeman, for by now the Lieutenant had almost fully dematerialized into a cloud of bots, filling one corner of G deck with a flashing, pulsating fog.  Water shot across the compartment floor, knocking equipment off nearby shelves, scattering pallets of gear and rapidly filling the compartment.
Through it all, the Master Alarm klaxon shrieked.
Stella couldn’t get any closer to the valve assembly; Winger grabbed the Captain’s arm and held him back.  “Don’t get too close!” he yelled over the din.  “You’ll be atom fluff in no time….”
Stella tried to twist free.  “The valve…I’ve got to—“
“Forget it!  It’s gone—“
Water was rising rapidly from the floor of G deck.  “At least, shut that hatch!  It’s watertight…let me get back to B deck and counterflood…try to stabilize the ship!  Maybe I can open enough air flasks to keep the breach from getting worse!”
Winger released Stella.  For a moment, the Captain and Winger looked at each other.  Stella knew the situation was grave and getting worse.  “Get your people out of this compartment, Major.  Right now.  Once that hatch is shut and I empty the air flasks, you won’t be able to get out.  You’ll all be killed.”
Winger bodily shoved Stella through the hatch and into the central gangway.  “If I don’t stop that swarm right here and now, Captain, nothing else will matter!”
Stella shrugged and nodded grimly and disappeared up the gangway.  With Ray Spivey’s help, Winger dogged the hatch shut and made it fast.  Then he turned to the Freeman swarm.
The entire far wall of the compartment was now thick with bots, the swarm replicating at max rate, now that it no longer needed to maintain structure.  Mighty Mite Barnes was sloshing around in the freezing water, trying to get herself upright, while Trident lurched and listed heavily to starboard, as G deck took on more and more water.  Her own embedded swarm had disappeared, absorbed, probably destroyed by Freeman.  
Winger knew there was only one thing to do.  Barnes’ instincts had been right.  The best way to fight a swarm was with another swarm.  As he pulled up a new config for himself and released it, Winger took a last look at what Lieutenant Julian Freeman had now become.
The angel still had not fully dematerialized.  From its head down to its waist, all human structure was gone, replaced by a fuzzy, pulsating blob of bots, like a tree enveloped in fog.  Below the waist, most of Freeman’s trunk and legs were still faintly visible, in shadowy outline, as the swarm changed config and assumed its natural state.  The effect was something half-man, half-swarm, a hybrid thing, steadily breaking down into its smallest elements.
Winger motioned to Spivey to release his own swarm.  “Let’s get small!” he yelled over the shriek.  He grabbed a nearby stanchion to stay upright as Trident lurched again, and her list became even more pronounced.  Up on B deck, he knew Stella was fighting to keep the ship under control.  “Mite, come over here and keep me steady.  I’m going small—“
Barnes sloshed and splashed through the water, now knee high and rising, and grabbed Winger to hold on.  She secured another arm around the stanchion and tried to brace them both.
“I’ve got you, Skipper!  Let ‘em have it!”
Winger went over the ‘waterfall’, breaking down his own structure, pulling on a new config as if he were trying on pants and quickly found himself in a sleet of polygons and tetrahedrals.  His propulsors spun up to full power and he sounded ahead, hunting for the signatures he knew had to be there.
Sixty meters above them, Captain Stella was frantically fighting the boat, trying to regain some kind of stability.  He strapped himself into the commander’s seat, as the ship lurched yet again, and his fingers flew over the keyboard.
“Counterflood…counterflood, damn it!” he muttered to himself.  “Come on, come on—“
Stella managed to open valves on several ballast tanks, overriding all safeties and inhibits, letting tons of seawater in to trim Trident and level her out.  A quick glance at the board told him all he needed to know.
They were listing slightly to starboard, with a ten-degree up angle on the planes, sinking tail first through four hundred meters and their rate of descent was picking up.  Trident was stern heavy and she had lost almost all forward way.  Stella ran the throttles on her power plant to full, trying to counter the tail drag with as much forward speed as he could but it was a losing battle.  Trident’s waterlogged stern was dragging her down by the tail faster than her engines could move her forward.  She was losing speed and sinking, crabbing her way through the water.
Got to counterflood and get her stern up, Stella told himself.  His fingers flew over the controls.  If he couldn’t stop their descent and soon, Trident would rapidly descend below crush depth.  Below a thousand meters, her hull would crumple like a wad of paper and all aboard would perish in a particularly gruesome way.
“I hope to God that compartment is secure,” he muttered.  He checked the panel to his right.  Indicators showed the hatch had been shut and secured.
It was time to open the emergency air flasks.  Emergency blow and pray to God they had enough air to evacuate the compartment and put Trident back up at the ice level.  
Then it would be a race to see if she could bore her way back up through the ice before her air ran out and she slid back down to the depths again.  
“Time to get the borer started,” he said.  He went through the start sequence.  
Then he took a deep breath.  When the emergency air flasks were open full, air at several hundred psi would begin screaming into the compartment on G deck and into all Trident’s ballast tanks.  He wasn’t sure if the troopers trapped in the compartment would survive the blow.  If there was a merciful God in heaven, they would all drown before that happened.
Stella swallowed hard and pressed the buttons to start the blow.
A blast of high-pressure air shrieked into G deck.
For Johnny Winger, now configured at nanoscale, it was like riding a gnat through a hurricane, like riding a roaring river down a waterfall.  He immediately retracted all of his effectors in an attempt to ride out the storm.  Then he hunkered down and slogged his way forward, trying to get a read on anything unusual up ahead, high thermals, high EMs, an acoustic signature, anything.
Somehow, some way, he had to locate the bots of the Freeman swarm and engage.
Winger got on the crewnet.  “Spivey, you and Mighty Mite take your embeds and fab some kind of shielding for that valve.  See if you can stop the water or slow it down.”  The inrushing water was already pooling up to their knees and rising fast.  “Maybe that’ll help Stella.”
“I’m on it, Skipper.”  Ray Spivey sloshed through the cold swirling water toward the stanchion where the breach had occurred.
Just then, Winger got an acoustic ping.  He checked his sensors.  Sure enough, his sensors had detected something unusual up ahead, through the driving sleet of water molecules, a faint echo, maybe a spark of thermal activity above average.  Could be some bots assembling something…or disassembling something.  He revved up propulsors to max and steered onto that heading.
The reading ebbed and flowed so he steered as best could through the maelstrom, tacking first one way, then another, trying to work upstream against the onslaught of molecules from the flood.  
There.   Gotcha.
Winger chopped propulsors and probed ahead with electromagnetic fingers.  Density going up.   Those ain’t no water molecules, he told himself.  Cautiously, he probed some more and brought himself around to approach from the side, gaining a different aspect view of the target.
Slowly, ghostly shapes began to materialize out of the fog.  Freeman bots, thousands of them.  As he closed in, he could see the elongated multi-lobed form of the assemblers…squat barbells festooned with all manner of effectors and grabbers.  Whirling propulsors at both ends, spinning into a blur as the bots fought to maintain position.
It was like nothing he had ever seen before.
Winger worked his config controls, setting up to engage.  Carbene grabbers, enzymatic knife, bond disrupters, everything was ready.  Winger flexed his nanoscale fists and drove forward, spoiling for a fight.  Sometimes, it was just plain good to be an angel.
The two formations came together and sparks flew, as bond disrupters ripped at effectors, liberating millions of electron volts.  The bots thrashed and hacked, searching for weak spots, closing, then backing off to find another angle.  It was a boxing match, feint here, jab there, grasp and thrust, parry and kick.  
In the last seconds before the grapple, Winger had noticed an open seam in the Freeman bots’ outer casing, right amidships, between whirling effectors above and below, almost like a waist belt.  He surmised it was a structural joint, a connection drawing together segments of the bots’ scaffolding.  Could be a weak spot. 
If I could just get a bond disrupter in there—
Throughout the battle front, Winger had replicated uncountable trillions of assemblers and each one was slaved to the master.  Whatever move and maneuver Winger made was instantly copied and repeated by every replicant.  Now, Winger twisted and turned to bring his forward disrupters to bear on the enemy bot’s midsection.
Just a little further—he shuddered as his leading bots were ripped by the enemy’s carbene grabber.  Winger recoiled slightly, losing effector tips in a spinning puff of atoms.  Ouch.  That hurt….
He closed in again, shielding himself from assault, extending his own disrupters as far forward as they would go.  Just a little bit further….there!
He let it go.  The disrupter tore at valence electrons that hovered like a cloud over the mid-section seam.  Instantly, the seam buckled and gave way.  An explosive cloud of electrons erupted, sparking and sizzling like oil on a gas grill.  The bot’s outer casing buckled and tore away in a frenzied thrashing, as more bonds were severed.  Its props and effectors spun down and the momentum of the bond break sent the bot cartwheeling away.
It had worked.
Johnny Winger knew that in every nanoscale combat encounter, there were always weaknesses in the enemy bots.  The point of all the tactics was to find that weakness and exploit it, before the enemy did the same to you.
All up and down the battlefront, Winger replicants duplicated the maneuver, closing with their opponents, grappling and punching, searching for the midwaist seam.  Any opening, any letdown, and his bond disrupters were there, zapping at the weak spot.  
The water was soon churning and frothy with atom parts and molecule fragments.
And the Freeman swarm would soon be so much atom fluff.
Winger made sure his embedded bots were running the assault as he had demonstrated.  Now, he had to do something about containing what was left of the Freeman swarm.  Bots could be slashed and cut up, but if the master was intact, replication was just a matter of time.  You had to go for the head, go for the brains.  Find the master and its controller and shred the config engine.  Once you did that, the bots couldn’t re-assemble.
He shifted back to macroscale, fighting off the disorientation that always came with shifting back and forth, and surveyed the situation. 
Spivey and Barnes were close by, clinging to a stanchion to stay upright, while they maneuvered their own embeds to replicate a patch for the hull valve breach. Icy cold water still poured in, but the water flow seemed to have slacked off.  A shrieking blast of high-pressure air was still sweeping the compartment.  It was Stella’s effort to contain the flood, and drive the inrushing water out of the compartment, into Trident’s drains and bilge, where it could be flushed back into the sea.  
Winger watched and Spivey covered his ears and screamed at the top of his lungs, trying to equalize pressure inside his head.  They had to find some kind of containment for the Freeman swarm while the bots were still neutralized.  Then Winger hit on an idea.  Why not just fabricate one?
Winger worked his config controls, stealing a small element of replicants from his main swarm.  He hacked out a quick config for a containment vessel and set the replicants to work fabricating it.  Then he programmed his master bot to steer all captured Freeman bots toward the vessel.  It wasn’t pretty but it should work.  He’d have to make sure there weren’t any Freeman bots left over.  A final, very thorough sweep of the compartment would have to be done.
As he drifted around the compartment, he realized that the patches Barnes and Spivey had fashioned seemed to be working.  The water flow had been greatly reduced, now to just a thin stream.  Around the bulkhead where the hull valve had once been, a shimmering globe of bots held back the water, except for the thin stream.  
“Good work, guys,” Winger told them.  Just above the water surface, a faint mist drifted toward the containment vessel that his own bots had just fashioned.  The small capsule floated on top of the water.   “Roundup time.  The sooner we get these bastards corralled, the better.”
“Amen to that, Skipper,” said Barnes.  She shook her head, trying to equalize pressure.
Winger located the intercom and told Stella the situation was under control on G deck.  “Kill the blow, Captain.  We’re all getting a splitting headache.”
Moments later, the emergency air died off and the shriek that had deafened them for the last few minutes dropped down to a faint whistle.   The hull breach had been stopped and the worst of the water, now swirling around at ankle depth, had been driven down into Trident’s drain system.  
The ship seemed stable enough.  “I’m reconfigging, heading forward,” Winger said.  “Make sure all these bots get contained.  Stella and I need to have a word.”  He slipped out into the gangway, chose a more suitable config, reforming his own diffuse swarm into something vaguely human and made his way along the railing all the way to the command compartment on B deck.
Stella was in the commander’s seat, scowling over a map on his board.  
“We’ve got to return to base camp, Major.”  Stella tapped the map; it displayed an ice-level view of Europa’s surface.  Trident’s position was indicated with a blinking red dot.
“What’s our status?” Winger asked.  He studied the map, the track of their course and their current calculated position.  “According to this, we have two more days to EUROTOP’s position.”
“Trident’s taken a hell of a beating.  And we don’t know what’s ahead.  I need to surface the ship and do a thorough inspection.  The best place to do that is back at base camp.”
Winger took a deep breath.  Although he was nominally the mission commander, he knew he had to defer to Stella when it came to Trident.  “We got the Freeman swarm contained, Captain.  And my troops have patched the breach on G deck…it should hold just fine.”
Stella rubbed his eyes wearily.  “All true enough, Major.  But Trident’s my responsibility.  My job is to get you to your target safe and sound.  I can’t guarantee that unless I can do a thorough inspection and make necessary repairs.  That hull breach may be patched for now but it needs to be looked at.  And my controls, especially the stern planes, are sluggish.  Maybe Freeman did something to the mechanism back there.  Then there’s the buoyancy control system.  You don’t go through an emergency blow like that without checking everything out.  Hell, we could blow a seal or another valve an hour from now and be in even worse shape.  No—“Stella was firm, “we bore through the ice at the very least and put Trident back on the surface.  If necessary, she can be careened on the ice and checked over visually.”
Winger wasn’t fully convinced.  “What’s Trident’s condition now?”
Stella shrugged.  “Where do you want me to start?   We’ve got propulsion and some buoyancy control.  The borer seems to be okay.  But I don’t want to test the hull at any greater depth, until she’s checked out.  With all due respects, your bots that patched the hull are just bots.  I want something stronger before we go on…we have no idea what’s ahead.”
“You’re recommending we surface the ship, do inspections and make repairs?”
“That’s what I’m recommending.  Not only proper procedure but common sense dictates we check ourselves out thoroughly.  We could lose the whole ship if we don’t…then what happens to your mission?”
Winger knew this would have to be sent back to Quantum Corps and UNISPACE for a decision.  
“We can’t lose any more time, Captain,” he told Stella.  He looked out a nearby porthole.  Nothing to see.  Europa’s ocean was black as night.  They might as well have been swallowed by a black hole.  “The mission’s too important.  A lot depends on whether we can find and disable EUROTOP before the Chinese get there.  Freeman must have been a plant but at least we stopped that.  Now every hour’s delay could costs lives.”
“What good can we do them if Trident’s destroyed or disabled?”  
Winger had to admit Stella had a point.  “I’ve got swarms that can help,” he said.  “We’ve got the best configs.  You need any patches, any tools, anything at all…Quantum Corps swarms can make it.”
“Can we even trust our own swarms?” Stella asked.  He checked his board, saw that Trident was nosing down again and he trimmed her bow planes to level the ship.  They were still losing buoyancy somewhere.  “Look at Freeman…how many more Freemans are there around here?  I knew he was an angel.  But I didn’t know he’d been turned.  Can I even trust you?  Any more surprises?  Can you even trust your own people, Major?”
Finally, after more heated discussions and a few consultations with Quantum Corps and UNISPACE, the decision came in: Trident would make all necessary repairs while underway and the mission would proceed.
Stella wasn’t satisfied but there was little he could do.  Of necessity, he accepted Winger’s offer and the Detachment’s embedded swarms were put to work making repairs, clearing debris and patching things up.
After a few hours, Stella gave the word to all hands: Trident was resuming her course, three hundred meters below the ice surface of Europa, heading for the suspected location of EUROTOP. 
Rathmore Chaos and the calculated coordinates of the objective were still two days away, by Stella’s reckoning.  Somewhere hundreds of meters below the Chaos, EUROTOP lurked.  Somehow they had to find it.  
If Trident and Operation Jovian Hammer couldn’t locate and destroy it before the Chinese ship got there, the situation back on Earth would be bleak.  A re-opened portal to the Old Ones would be bad news for everybody.

Trident was cruising serenely at thirty knots, in level trim, when the first alarm sounded.  Captain Francisco Stella had been lightly dozing on the command deck, dreaming of boyhood and rocket-hopping across the Sea of Tranquility with Ralphie and Archie and the others.  He was just about to win the race when an insistent beeping awakened him from his slumber.
He realized as he startled himself awake that it was the sonar alarm.  Trident had detected something ahead, something big from the looks of it.  Auto-helm was engaged and she had already begun slowing.
Stella came fully awake and rubbed his eyes.  He studied the sonar plot.  Whatever it was, it was a large object, some ten thousand meters dead ahead.   A smaller return could also be resolved, near the larger one. 
Probably the target, he surmised. The small return had to be the Chinese ship Shen Feng.  From the nav console, he could see Trident had just about made the predicted coordinates, hundreds of meters below the ice at Rathmore Chaos.  But Shen Feng was already there.  The Chinese had beaten them to the objective.  He got on the intercom.
“Major Winger to the command deck….Major Winger to the command deck at once….”
Stella disengaged auto-helm and took the controls himself, slowing the ship to a crawl.  He didn’t want to run Trident into something this big without studying it first.
Johnny Winger’s head popped into the compartment a few moments later.
“What gives, Captain?”
“Take a look at the plot.  Our competitors are already on the scene.”
Winger slid into the second seat and studied the sonar return.  “Could be what we’re looking for.  Can we get a little closer?”
“We can try,” Stella said.  
Slowly, Trident closed on her target, dead ahead.   The subsurface ocean below Europa’s ice surface was completely devoid of light, black as night.  But the returns from Trident’s sonar indicated that the object could very well be their objective: the submerged EUROTOP target.
Eventually, Stella brought them to a complete stop, five hundred meters away.  
The two men discussed their options.
“That’s about as well as our sonar can resolve the target,” Stella said.  “From the returns, it seems to be a large, probably buoyant platform, with some kind of structures on top.  I’m getting faint returns around the main one, too, smaller objects of some type.  Looks like the Shen Feng is still closing, moving in.  They’re braver than I plan to be.”
Winger nodded.  “I’ll check with our CQE’s…see if they’re detecting anything.”  He called down to Mighty Mite Barnes.  The CQEs were in the crews mess, C deck, playing cards.
“Mite, check your entangler readouts…we’ve got a large object dead ahead.  It may be EUROTOP.  I want to know about quantum disturbances, decoherence wakes, that sort of thing.”
Barnes replied, “We’re on it, Skipper…” she waved at Tsukota, grabbing a coffee and doughnut.  “Oz, get your gear…we may be tango on our target—“
Five minutes later, Barnes’ voice crackled over the intercom on the command deck.
“Bingo, Skipper…you were right.  We’ve got a real strong source nearby, something emitting quantum waves at a very hard to detect entanglement level.  Definitely a quantum device.”
Winger considered the situation.  “Captain, I’d like to get a visual…can we get in a little closer…put some lights on that thing?”
Stella was reluctant.  “Water’s a little turbulent ahead of us.  I don’t want to get caught in something we can’t get out of.”
“Just enough to get some light and better look…”
Stella mumbled something but started up Trident’s propulsors again.  The ship eased forward.
At that moment, Trident’s sonar beeped again.  The smaller return, Shen Feng, had disappeared.
“What the hell—?”  Stella adjusted the sonar pulse, tried active pinging, but there was nothing.  “Sucker just up and disappeared.”
Winger felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.  Of course, he didn’t have any real hairs.  But the memory was still there.
“I was afraid of that.  Captain, move forward with extreme caution.”
“What happened to the Chinese?”
Winger just shook his head.  “If I’m right, EUROTOP is a quantum source…and it just yanked Shen Feng out of existence…at least, this existence.  Quantum displacement, Captain.  Unfortunately, we’ve run into this sort of thing before.”
Stella glared at Winger as if he were some kind of disease.  “A quantum what?”
“Ahead, slowly, Captain.  Very slowly—“
“Major, you’ve got to be kidding.”  But forward they went.  A hundred meters away, they were rocked gently by turbulent currents.  “That’s as close as we’re getting,” Stella announced.  “Here go the spots—“He flipped a few switches.
The water was murky, thick with sediment and ice chunks, but the general outlines of the structure were dimly visible.   It was indeed a large buoyant platform, roughly rectangular in outline, easily four to five hundred meters in its longest dimension.
“Look at the size of that mother,” Winger marveled.  “Half a kilometer, easily—“
Both top and bottom surfaces of the platform were surmounted by some kind of spherical structures.  The structures were fuzzy and indistinct, whether from the murky water or some other reasons, could not be determined.  And they seemed to be rotating.
“Seems to be floating freely,” Stella observed.  “I don’t see a tether holding it in position.”
“Maybe it has thrusters…those extensions below the platform that look like legs, maybe…?”
Even as they watched the EUROTOP platform, its shape began to change, morphing right in front of them, shifting and transforming itself from one state to another.  It was like a funhouse mirror distortion, a crazy collage of images superimposed, one upon the other. 
“How can an object that big--?”
“Quantum device,” Winger said.  “We’ve seen that effect before.  I’m thinking this whole big platform is nothing but a giant swarm.”
“Gives me the creeps,” Stella admitted.  He checked Trident’s position.  She was holding one hundred meters away, level and trim, at all stop.
“Some say it’s a portal,” Winger told him.  “We’ve seen similar devices, at Paryang in Tibet.  The Engebbe object.  All quantum devices, capable of being here and elsewhere at the same time.  We don’t know if it’s a true portal to the Old Ones, whoever or whatever they are, or just a big radio…like some kind of comm device.  The cartel Red Hammer used the Sphere at Paryang to somehow access a library or archive of some type.  That’s how they got the technology to build quantum couplers and things like that.”
Stella shook his head.  “I don’t really want to get any closer.  Your call, Major.  You’re the mission commander.”
Winger watched the huge platform, deeply shadowed in Trident’s spotlights, morphing and changing right before their eyes.  It was like a series of waves engulfed the thing, starting at one end and working its way rhythmically down its length, making the structure into something new over and over again.
“Any sign of the Chinese?”
Stella checked Trident’s sonar again, pinging for any kind of return.  “It’s like they just vanished.  But I’m sure we were tracking them a few minutes ago. We had multiple returns and OSCAR pegged the smaller one as a signature consistent with what we knew about Shen Feng. Did that thing eat them or what?”
Winger was grim.  “I don’t know.  The only way we’re going to know for sure what we’re dealing with here is to go out there.  Examine it from close up.”
“I was afraid you would say that.  I’m thinking that’s not such a great idea, Major.  Look how turbulent the water is around those legs.”
Winger shrugged.  “We’ve come all this way to confront EUROTOP.  Now we’re here.  We’ve still got a mission to carry out.  If we don’t disable this thing, the Chinese may re-establish some kind of link with the really bad guys out there.  And that puts all of us in danger.”
Winger called a briefing in the crews’ mess.  He had decided to form a small recon squad of three nanotroopers:  Mighty Mite Barnes, Ray Spivey and Al Glance.  The remainder of the Detachment would stay aboard Trident for the time being, operating as backup.  Two troopers would partially suit up, just in case.  
“What’s the mission, Skipper?” asked Barnes.  
“Straight reconnaissance for this trip.  We go outside, get as close as we can and see what we’re dealing with here.  If it’s a big swarm, we have tools to deal with that.”
Glance sipped at a steaming cup of tea.  “I’m guessing our HERF guns won’t be too effective here.  That bugger’s the size of a small city.”
“Take ‘em anyway,” Winger said.  “We’ll fit out for opposed entry, full gear, hypersuits and all.  I’ll load some new configs for me too.”
That made Barnes wince.  “Skipper, is that such great idea?  I’m not sure any ANAD-type swarm can be controlled in the vicinity of this thing.  No disrespect, sir, but we’ve seen what happened with other encounters.  ANAD goes haywire.”
“I can manage myself…I’m putting myself in direct pilot mode, so the master bot only runs the configs I send.”
“I hope that works, Skipper,” said Ray Spivey.  His eyes caught a quick look from Glance that said:  we’d better keep an eye on the Skipper too.
“Let’s move,” Winger ordered and the recon team headed aft for G deck and the lockout chamber.  
Suit-up took an hour.  The hypersuits had been rigged out for deep diving in Europa’s sub-ice ocean.  All troopers had been respirocyte-treated; their bloodstreams were thick with nanobots shuttling boosted amounts of oxygen back and forth.  But the Europan ocean was cold and dense and the troopers would need pressure and temperature protection, as well as personal propulsors.  
The three divers entered the lockout chamber and cycled through.  Winger was the first to exit the ship.
His first impression was cold.  Numbing, penetrating needles of cold.  Winger switched on his suit lamps, saw only a fuzzy blur.   Too much sediment, too much something in the water.  He dialed down the light intensity, and kicked off under one-quarter propulsor, sounding ahead.  For good measure, he checked his escape port; when the time came, he could change configs and exit into the water in minutes.  
Barnes and Spivey joined him a few moments later.  
The recon team gently felt their way forward along Trident’s underhull, until they came at last to the borer head.
“End of the line, here—“Winger muttered.  He checked his own sonar scan.  EUROTOP was out there somewhere, giving off intermittent returns.  There was a fuzzy patch near the center of his scope.
That has to be it.
“Stella, this is Recon One…can you move in just a little closer…put more light on the target?”
Stella obliged.  As soon as the team was clear, the sub inched forward, cranking up her spot and floodlights, trying to bring as much illumination to bear on the platform as possible.  It was like shining headlights through a dense fog.
“Launching Uncle One and Two, “came Stella’s voice.  The underwater drones would accompany the recon team on its excursion around the platform.  Presently, the murmur of their jets could be heard nearby.
“Got ‘em,” said Barnes.  “I have full control…both bots…steering straight ahead…you want sonar, Skipper?”
“Sound away,” Winger said.  “I’ve got nothing but scrambled eggs on my scope.  Platform’s morphing too fast to give a solid return.”
The EUROTOP platform was a vast complex, more accurately resembling an underwater cloud.  The huge platform was studded with structures top and bottom, rotating, swirling water around in small-scale whirlpools.  There were murky blobs floating nearby…nanobotic swarm elements, said Barnes—forming a loose protective sphere around the platform.  Water flow was turbulent.  Winger found a steady current pushing him away and he had to adjust his propulsors to stay in position.
“I’m calling up Uncle One,” he told them.  “Let’s see what the drones can find out.”  He pressed a few keys on his wristpad and the underwater bot surged forward, its jets whirring gently.  It plunged into the murk and was soon lost to view.  Winger patched in to the bot’s sensors.  Soon, the whole team was getting sonar, EM and visuals back from Uncle.
“Definitely a swarm,” said Spivey.  The CQE hung off to Winger’s starboard side, testing for deco waves.  “I’m seeing decoherence right now, wave after wave, mostly small stuff.”  
“The whole thing’s nothing but a giant quantum generator,” Barnes marveled.  
Winger agreed.  “This thing’s bigger and stronger than what we saw at Paryang or Engebbe.  We could be seeing only a shadow of the real thing.  Devices like this can be in multiple places at the same time.  We’d best go slow and feel our way in.”
Uncle plunged closer and closer toward EUROTOP.  Winger turned on visual.
The view, when it came up, was like flying through a sleet storm.  For a brief moment, the troopers of the Recon team saw inside the platform.  Clumps and clots of nanobotic devices came at the imager like hail stones in a hurricane, while Uncle banked and careened to fly through the maelstrom, plowing through on auto while tickling the great swarm with electromagnetic fingers.
“Each of those clumps is like a swarm in itself,” Spivey said.  “This is one massive mother—“
Then, just as the swarm mass had begun to thicken and Uncle had slowed to negotiate the traffic, the signal dropped out.  Everything went blank.  
“I got nothing,” Winger said.  His fingers flew over the keys on his wristpad—not easy in hypersuit gloves—but Uncle didn’t respond.
“Me neither, Skipper,” said Barnes.  She tried several channels, but Uncle seemed to be lost.
“Time for Uncle Two,” said Spivey.  
“Belay that, Spite,” said Winger.  “We need to find out what happened—“
“Hey, I’m getting big deco waves now—wow!—one right after another.  Decoherence waves big time, Skipper.  Something’s really got this bugger riled up—“
Turbulence increased and the team was jostled and thrashed by waves pushing through the water from EUROTOP.
“Major—“it was Stella, aboard Trident, “something’s happening out there.  My sonar is showing aspect changes all along that platform.  The thing’s moving, morphing—“
That was when the lights went out.
For Johnny Winger, the first impulse was like a giant fist had grabbed him and started squeezing.   He was whirling and spinning, dizzy, round and round, he could feel the force of the water against his helmet, pressing, crushing him—
He had a fleeting glimpse of one of his troopers—maybe it was Barnes, maybe Spivey—and he nearly vomited at the sight.  It was all the wrong…the image was wrong and his mind refused to accept it—there was Barnes, with two heads, now three, now four, now eight heads, popping out of her hypersuit like geraniums in fast motion video, Barnes with her head missing, distorted in a cracked mirror, and he closed his eyes, couldn’t look at it anymore—
…and then it came.  An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, his whole body jarred from the impact and when he opened his eyes, caught his breath and came to his senses, he was in.
Inside the lockout chamber aboard Trident.
Johnny Winger let the chamber stop spinning and his eyes settle down back into their sockets.  Something heavy lay against his side.  He craned his neck up.  Another hypersuit.  With a start, he realized it was Mighty Mite Barnes.
What the hell—?
“Mite…Mite…get up…”
The hypersuited trooper stirred and moved away from his leg.  Somehow, the lockout chamber had been cycled and the water pumped out.  
Winger got to his feet, a bit unsteadily, and helped Barnes up as well.  That’s when they realized a face was peering at them from inside G deck.  It was Stella.
Stella’s voice crackled over their suit comms.  “Okay, you two, I’m cycling the lock.  Get ready…that water’s cold outside—“
Winger felt a chill race down his spine.  They were back aboard Trident, displaced back in space to the lockout chamber.  And not only that…somehow, they had been displaced back in time as well.  He recognized everything and a glance at his wristpad clock confirmed it: they were right back where they had been…starting out on the recon mission.  They had done this before. 
As if to confirm his idea, more faces appeared in the hatch window.  It was Spivey and Al Glance, ready to cycle out after Winger and Barnes.  Just like before—
“Hold up, Captain,” Winger said.  “Don’t cycle the lock just yet—“
It took a few minutes of explaining to convince Stella of what had just happened.
Winger and Barnes de-suited on G deck, along with Spivey and Glance.  Stella was skeptical.
“You mean to say you were just outside, approaching the platform…and now you’re here?  That’s nuts, Major.  You’ve been right beside me the whole time—all of you—prepping for the dive.  I was just about to operate the lock.”
Winger understood.  “I know it’s hard to believe, Captain, but we’ve seen this effect before—“
Glance added, “These systems are quantum devices.  They can be in many places at once and they can entangle other objects, like us, and move us around in space and time.  Usually, we don’t get that close.”
Stella was still having a hard time with the idea.  “Are you going to dive now…I mean again…I mean--?”
Winger was peeling off the rest of his hypersuit, handing his helmet and web belt to the yeomanbot.  It scuttled off to D deck, to rack the gear in Stores and Supplies.  
“We need to sit down and think about this one.  How the hell do you fight something that can displace us to just about anywhere in time and space?”  He went to a comm panel nearby, flipping on the 1MC.  “This is Major Winger…all nanotroopers…briefing in ten minutes.  Crew’s mess on C Deck…out!”
The gathering on C deck spilled out into the gangway.  The entire Detachment was on hand.  Winger briefed the rest on what had happened.
Al Glance spoke up.  “That EUROTOP system should be viewed as nothing more than a giant swarm.  Fantastic configs, to be sure, and individually, I’m sure the bots far surpass ANAD or anything else we have.  But in the end, it’s still a swarm.”
Mighty Mite Barnes said, “When I was a young nog in Tactics school, I learned that the only sure way to fight a swarm is with another swarm.  What about you, Skipper…any effects on you from this displacement?”
Winger said, “None that I can detect.  I’ll run full diagnostics on myself to make sure.”
 Kip Detrick, the Detachment’s IC2, added, “Why should we trust any ANAD system now?  We know about these Old Ones now…they’re all suspect in my book.  I’m thinking we don’t trust our lives to something that may turn on us.”
“That’s a crock, Detrick, and you know it,” said Barnes.  “Major Winger is just as reliable as you…or me, for that matter.  How do I know you won’t go bonkers?  How do any of us know there aren’t more Lieutenant Freemans around here?”
“That’s enough,” Winger stepped in.  “We won’t solve anything going down that road.  We’ve got each other.  We’ve got to work together.”
There was an awkward silence.  Ozzie Tsukota, ever the thoughtful one, had an idea.
“I say we probe EUROTOP with everything we have, try to get detailed structure on the configs, operating patterns, maybe use Uncle to capture some of the bots for analysis.  Bring ‘em back here and let’s take a look.  Maybe we’ll see something we can use.”
“I like it, Skipper,” Barnes said.  “Gives us something to do.  If EUROTOP is just a cloud of bugs, we ought to be able to find some weakness.  After all, we are nanotroopers, aren’t we?”
A chorus of nods and yes’s circled the compartment.  Winger took that as a good sign.  No commander wanted to take his troops into battle when they weren’t sure what they were fighting.  
“Agreed.  Spite, you and Mighty Mite work with Captain Stella and get another Uncle ready.  Let’s hang every sensor we can on him…see if we can’t find out makes this sucker tick.  We don’t want to wind up disappearing like the Chinese ship. ”
“We’re on it, Skipper,” said Barnes.  
Winger went back to his bunk to work up a tactical plan, something that had been brewing in the back of his mind for several hours.  
Reconnoiter first.  He remembered a line from Sun Tzu, the great Chinese nanowarrior ….
He who is skilled hides in the most secret recesses of the earth.
Maybe, just maybe, there was a way to trick EUROTOP into letting them in.

Chapter 4
“The Coethi”

Aboard UNISPACE Submersible Trident
Europa Coordinate System: Lat. 25N, Long 72W
Stationkeeping 500 meters from the Keeper
December 14, 2050  (Earth U.T.)

“But the Lord sent a large fish that swallowed Jonah; and he remained in the belly of the fish three days and three nights;
“From the belly of the fish Jonah said his prayer to the Lord, his God, 
“Then the Lord commanded the fish to spew Jonah upon the shore.”
Jonah 2:1-11

Johnny Winger stood with Al Glance in the airlock on Trident’s G deck and looked back at Francisco Stella through the porthole.  
“All right, Captain…it’s time.  Cycle the airlock.”
Stella’s leathery face appeared in the porthole, staring back at them.  His voice was scratchy over the speaker.  “Once you’re all clear of the ship, I’m backing Trident off at least two kilometers.”
“Understood,” said Winger grimly.  “Just leave a light on for us.”
Winger and Spivey cycled out in their hypersuits and waited for Mighty Mite Barnes and Al Glance to exit the airlock after them.  The egress of the nanotroopers went smoothly enough.
“Once more…into the drink,” said Barnes.  She drifted several meters away like a pregnant whale in her hypersuit while Spivey took soundings.
“Boundary effects four hundred meters ahead, bearing zero five five…EMs, high thermals, normal atom-grabbing.”
“That’s our baby,” Winger said.  He ordered the squad to form up on his lead, and move out at half-propulsor.  The troopers jetted off into the murk.
Along with Doc II, now safely ensconced in Winger’s belt capsule, the squad was equipped with barebones ANAD masters, and the usual HERF and mag weapons.  Al Glance watched the faint outlines of the sonar returns on his eyepiece with growing dread.  It wasn’t smart to tickle the dragon’s tail too many times.  Not smart at all.   Beyond his helmet, the ocean was a black featureless void.  He squashed a faint memory of being locked in a dark closet as a child.  
Not going down that road, he told himself.  No, sirreee.  Not going that way.  He tried thinking of something more pleasant, like imagining Barnes completely naked, muscles rippling with sweat, hot breath hovering in his face….now there was an image he could work with.
“Two hundred meters--” came Spivey’s voice over the crewnet.  
A faint, almost invisible sparkling could be seen dead ahead.
“Slow to one-quarter,” said Winger.  He chopped his jets.  “No sense triggering anything we don’t have to.”
Winger studied the soundings.  Normal EM effects, normal thermals.  EUROTOP was simply drifting like the huge cloud of bots that it was, holding position, maintaining swarm integrity.  
The squad closed the final hundred meters and found themselves enveloped in a storm of ‘fireflies’, right at the edge of the swarm.
“Halt and hold here,” Winger commanded.  “Launch ANAD…let’s get some shielding up.  Mite, you and Spivey power up HERF.  Be ready to slam ‘em if I give the word.”
“Roger that, Skipper,” the DPS techs replied in unison.
The EUROTOP bots weren’t long in coming after them.  Intruders always provoked the edge bots to swarm like bees.  
Winger pressed a few buttons on his wristpad, cycling open his belt capsule port.  “Okay, Doc, let’s see what you can do.  Let’s see if Mighty Mite’s slam and grab trick works.”  He felt the sting of the bot master exiting the capsule and saw immediately the growing flickering sphere of max rate replication, as the Doc II master built mass as fast as it could.  Seconds later, the first EUROTOP bots had surrounded the swelling Doc II swarm and the battle was joined.
“I’m going small,” Winger announced.  “Keep those bugs off me, will you?”
“Got it, Skipper,” said Spivey.  
A few meters away, Barnes had already let fly a volley of HERF fire.  The dull thud of the rf blast heated the ocean to a froth and blast waves momentarily turned the ocean into a turbulent maelstrom.  
Winger reconfigged himself, exited his own hypersuit through a small port and dived headlong into the world of atoms and molecules and found himself tacking his way along through furious gusts of Brownian motion, until he sounded ahead and found himself face to face with a whole army of spinning EUROTOP bots, stretching as far as he could see in every direction.  It was like flying over a field of cornstalks at five meters altitude.  
Here goes, he muttered to himself.  
The field of bots came up fast.  Winger jetted forward until his soundings could begin to discern the structure of the enemy…there they were: barbells festooned with effectors, writhing and churning in ceaseless motion.  Somewhere in there along the waist was the seam Mighty Mite had found in the captured bot in Trident’s lab, a seam where, if you were quick enough, you could grab and hold the bot while you stung the bastard with your own disrupters.  
Okay, Doc, let’s see if real life is like the lab.  Bond disrupters to full charge, carbene grabbers out full, approach on this vector—
He drove on until the first line of bots was less than ten seconds away.  Mighty Mite calls this trick a slam and grab…open wide, bugs…here comes the slam….
Winger triggered the bond disrupter and instantly, a trillion replicant bots duplicated the maneuver.  The water flashed and sizzled with electron volts as the disrupters discharged.
At the same moment, Winger commanded full propulsor, sounding quickly to find that seam before EUROTOP could recover.  He closed on the nearest bot, jostled and buffeted in the leftover turbulence of the disrupter blast and flexed his grabbers, feeling his way through the bot’s outer shielding of phosphates and sugar molecules.  It was like diving headlong into a pit of beachballs.
There!  Gotcha!   He found the seam right where Mighty Mite said it would be.  It was a ring of carbons and Winger piled into the middle of the atom ring and snapped the grabbers shut, holding on for dear life while the bot thrashed and bucked like a stubborn colt.  Winger commanded his lateral disrupters around to zap the bug again and again, each time pinching off a cloud of atom fragments, spinning off into the distance. 
 Zap and hold on.  Zap and hold on.  Pinch and pull some more, then zap and hold on.  That was the essence of the tactic.  Somewhere beyond his imaging, a few trillion more bots were doing the same thing.  
Must look like a sock hop at the high school, he imagined.  He clung precariously to his grasp, while the EUROTOP bot flexed and folded, tried to collapse, and zap right back.  Gradually, he was able to wear the bot down, pulling effectors left and right, until after a minute, the thing could only quiver and vibrate.  
One last zap blew the whole stack and the bot disintegrated into a cloud of electrons spinning off into the distance, sparking and flashing like dying fireflies.
 “I’m in!” Winger exulted over the crewnet.  “Just like you said, Mite.  Slam and grab.  It’s like breaking a horse.  You just have to sting the bejeezus out of it and hold on, keep zapping it and dismember the effectors one after another.  Then it goes poof and it’s gone—“
Barnes’ voice crackled over the crewnet.  She was a few tens of meters away, outside the boundary layer of bots, which were even now disintegrating before her eyes.
“Good show, Skipper…I knew it would work!  Slam atoms and go for the throat, that’s what I say.”
Winger commanded all stop.  “Better take our bearings here…see what’s what.”
It had been almost too easy.  
“Now sounding ahead…detecting disturbance on bearing zero six eight…pinging now, pinging now…some kind of flow effects.”
Winger checked his imager.  It looked like a small vortex, a series of vortices, lined up like fence posts, maybe twenty or thirty meters ahead.  Some kind of low-pressure zone, like a sink.
How the hell can there be a sink down here?
“Vortex ahead,” Winger said.  “We’d better investigate—“ He told Barnes, Spivey and Glance what was happening.  “We’re going to approach on a tangent to this vortex…should take about half an hour.  I’m not sounding any more defensive lines in between.”  Winger decided to go macro and come back to the world of large objects.  The dizziness lasted a few seconds.  Nanotroopers called it ‘climbing the waterfall.’  He re-entered the capture port of his own hypersuit and slammed atoms to build out structure, looking vaguely human in seconds.
“Be careful, Skipper,” came Glance’s voice.  “I can still sound you faintly but your image is fading.  Don’t know if that’s some kind of weird quantum effect or not.  Just remember where you are…don’t get too frisky in there.”
“You don’t have to worry about that,” Winger said.  They were losing comm fast.  Glance’s voice was fading, scratchy, some kind of interference blocking the signal.  He was acutely aware that EUROTOP could spit them out in a quantum ‘belch’ anytime it wanted to.  Then, just like that, comm was gone.  The crewnet went quiet.
For some reason, everything seemed quiet.  Too quiet.
“Okay, Doc…let’s see what this vortex is all about.”
The trip toward the line of whirlpools took half an hour.  
***Sounding ahead…phenomena now at ten thousand microns…detecting pressure drop ahead…recommend we hold position here***
Good idea, Winger thought.  Let’s reconnoiter a bit, fly along the perimeter.  He gave the commands and Doc made the course correction.   He didn’t have a view of what Doc saw other than the acoustic image, since he’d come back to macro size.  His own sensors told a similar story.
Whatever it was, it was less than ten meters away and already, the turbulence was picking up.  He notched his suit propulsors up a bit, feeling the current pulling them toward the whirlpools.  
The maelstrom seemed to be growing stronger.  “Doc, I think we’d better pull back and go at this from a different angle—“Visually, there wasn’t much to see.  The ocean was black and featureless.  Occasional pinpricks and flashes of light were the only evidence he was inside a swarm of bots…flashes of light as EUROTOP bots grabbed atoms and built structure to maintain position and integrity.
This current is getting stronger, he told himself.   “Doc, maybe you’d better get inside—I’ve got a bad feeling…I’m cycling open my port…come about and make ready for capture.”
***I’m able to maintain position, Johnny…propulsors are at half power…I can skate around these molecules pretty well…I’ve safed all effectors and assumed minimum radius…like riding out a storm***
“Suit yourself,” Winger decided, but he didn’t really believe it.  He was too pre-occupied with running up his own propulsors.
It was hard to say when he realized he was truly trapped in the outer fringe of the vortex.  Without realizing it, he had run up propulsors to max and still, the current drew them on.  Worse, there was some kind of rotation in the flow and he found himself getting dizzy.  The pull of the centrifugal force soon became palpable.  
Don’t panic, he told himself.  There has to be a way out of this.  Atomgrabbers can handle anything.  Like a pilot in a spin, he tried different maneuvers, contorting his hypersuit in different directions, firing suit boost jets at strategic moments, even deploying the tiny canard surfaces at his shoulders that made the hypersuit look like it had angel wings .
None of it had any effect.  The vortex drew him on and the pull grew stronger with each passing moment.  Slowly, inexorably, but with increasing speed, he was being sucked into the center of the whirlpool and the force of the water pressed against his helmet with steadily increasing force.
…and then it came.  A snap flash, like a camera going off.   An image of geometric forms—icosahedrons, polygons, trapezoids—all compressed into a tunnel, a long curving corridor and he found himself hurtling at breakneck speed down this corridor, until—
With a hard bump, his whole body jarred from the impact and when he opened his eyes, caught his breath and came to his senses, he was in.
Inside where?
He didn’t know for sure, but he was certain he had been here before.
Johnny Winger shook the blur out of his eyes, which stilled rolled from the centrifugal force of the vortex spin.  He was on his knees, still in the hypersuit, on open ground, out in the open.  No ocean, no whirlpool, no other swarm.  
It was an open, level plain, like a vast field of cornstalks feathered back and forth by a gentle breeze.  With a grunt, he got to his feet, wondering where Doc II was.  He tried the coupler circuit, made several calls.  Then at one frequency, he caught a snatch and his receiver auto-tuned to grab the whole signal and bring it in.
It was Doc II.  Somehow, unaccountably, the bot master was back in containment, back inside the belt capsule.
“How the hell did you get inside the capsule?”   Winger checked the port.  Shut tight.  The capsule registered mass inside…it was the Doc II master bot for sure.  He tried tuning the coupler a little more….
***….to understand what happened, Johnny…it was some kind of quantum effect…there were centrifugal forces…I lost structural integrity…like a quantum collapse--***
“Stow it, Doc.  Forget it.  At least, you’re safe.  Verify all systems and give me a report—“
The bot did that and came back a moment later.
***Reporting all systems nominal…effector damage on forward and lateral pyridine probes and grabbers, but that can be fixed…propulsors offline…seems to be a gear problem…will troubleshoot, executing auto-repair…master processor checks out…all registers, all qubits returning normal checksums…functions nominal and ready for action, Johnny***
“Good. “  He got to his feet awkwardly, the suit motors whirring gently to help him stabilize upright.  “Doc, I’ve got the strangest feeling I’ve been here before….I’ve seen this before.”
***Scanning all memory cells…no match found, no correlation with visual, acoustic, EM inputs…probability that this bot has been in this environment before nearly zero…it looks new to me, Johnny.   Are we in Kansas?***
“Very funny.  No, I don’t think so, Doc.  Let’s do a little recon around the area—“
He tried to take a step forward.  His feet wouldn’t move.  Then, almost before he realized it, he was on the ground again, on his side.
For the first few moments, he was dizzy and disoriented, like he had spent the entire day riding the Dragon’s Tail roller coaster at Macau…that kind of dizziness.
Then came the imagery…it never made any sense…or more likely, according to what Doc II would tell him later, his brain couldn’t make sense of the flood of entanglement waves that washed through the coupler.  By turns, he felt like he had fallen into the ocean and storm waves were battering him from all directions.  
That subsided, to be replaced by a strong, fetid smell, a swamp smell of decay and rot.  Mist and fog cleared and he was floating chest deep in a steaming swamp.  Something screeched overhead and wings fluttered.
Then the imagery dissolved once again, to be replaced by an open plain, like Dakota prairie country, only the plain was covered with undulating plants.  The plants were not plants at all, he soon realized.  The ground writhed with life, swarms upon swarms of bots seething and swelling and contracting, pulsing and throbbing to some unseen rhythm.  The imagery jerked and shifted and this time, the horizon was curved and he was in space orbiting a planet.  A planet of bots, teeming with nanoscale life.
The planet of the Old Ones.
He had been here before.
“Doc…what is this place?  Where the hell are we?”
***Recommending I be released into this environment for a full scan…there seems to be patterns here…***
“Not a bad idea, Doc…make ready for launch.”  Winger agreed.  He cycled open his containment port and moments later, felt the light sting of Doc II’s launch sequence.  A faint mist soon appeared in front of his helmet.  Winger pressed a few buttons on his wristpad and Doc’s imagery settled into view on his eyepiece.  “This place can’t be real…is it a sim… or am I just dreaming?”
The sparkling mist that was the Doc II swarm attenuated slightly to near invisibility and drifted away.
***I am detecting patterns in the way these stalks are moving.  They are not plants…rather each stalk is a small swarm of nanobotic structures…the way they move back and forth seems to be a  regular and repeating pattern***
“I want to explore, Doc…I’m moving out a few dozen meters…there seems to be a small rise over there…maybe I can get a better view.”
Winger tested his hypersuit legs and found that he could move around, with some difficulty.  The stalks parted before him, almost disintegrating in puffs of particles as he shuffled carefully along.  At first, the stalks gave a little resistance and his suit sensors indicated what Doc had already detected: the stalks were actually conglomerations of nanobots held in plant-like patterns.  As he pushed through in his hypersuit, the plant bots tried to hold their patterns, giving a little resistance, but he found he could move nonetheless.  As an experiment, he triggered his suit boost with a brief pulse and found he could lift himself a meter or so above the ground as well.  So movement was possible in that dimension too.
Some kind of rise in the ground was less than fifty meters away and Winger headed that way.  The Doc II swarm was nearby, not visible, but sniffing through the field of bots and providing EM, thermal and acoustic background data on what they had encountered.
“Doc, maybe we went through some kind of wormhole.  Maybe we’re not inside EUROTOP anymore…but somewhere else.”
***Interesting theory, Johnny…but this is supposition only.  Cannot provide data to support this theory***
“What about these patterns?”  He watched the stalks waving and pitching back and forth, as though a wind were blowing across the field.  But his suit sensors detected no wind, or any atmosphere either, for that matter.  The sky above the field was an opaque salmon hue, no clouds, no visible signs of anything, almost like a thin fog.  Yet he could see, if that was the proper term, for hundreds of meters in every direction….a nearly infinite featureless plain of endlessly waving and swaying cornstalks, a prairie view like something from Nebraska or Iowa back home.  
***…am attempting to run correlations on these wave patterns, Johnny…it’s possible that this is in fact a simulation…or some kind of re-created structure…a spherical structure almost like a small world…calculating radius at better than twenty-thousand kilometers based on visual angle to the nearest horizon line…***
“You mean like a planet…or a moon of some type?”
***Unknown at this time…if this is a re-creation of something, pattern analysis shows best match with data deeply embedded in my core memory…coded into my primary referential memory…Johnny, this pattern we see may be a re-creation or simulation of the original home world of the Old Ones***
Winger reached the small rise and climbed to the top.  “What?  This could be the Old Ones’ home?  How is that possible?”
***…unknown…pattern analysis is continuing…Johnny, this may all be an archive of some type…a collective memory of the past***
“I guess that’s possible.”  He scanned around the long vista from the top of the small rise.  In every direction, the view was the same: rippling fields of what looked like long-stalk plants but were in reality strings and knots of nanobotic mechanisms.  A whole planet of bots.  And he knew he had seen this before.
“Doc, maybe this is what the Old Ones’ home world looked like.   You have something in your core memory about this?”
***Affirmative, Johnny…best pattern match to the waves you see flowing through these fields comes from a core memory sector, address 10111122113.  This is protected memory in my core.  Controlled access.  It’s deep and complicated to access, but there are records of patterns that match these waves very closely***
“What the hell does that mean, Doc?  Are you somehow related to these bot stalks?  If this is a re-created memory, does that mean you have the same memory?”
***Not possible to answer these questions at this time. However, it does seem as if…***
The comm stream stopped in mid-sentence.  Winger shook his head, tried cycling the coupler channel from his wristpad and was about to go to emergency comm when there was a great flash of light in the sky.  Wincing, covering his face, Winger involuntarily ducked and let his hypersuit helmet darken to shield his eyes.  
“What the—“ He tried looking up but the sky was filled with a painfully bright, diffuse light that flooded everything around, washed out all detail.  It was like being inside of a light bulb.
***…all channels overload…shutting down main effectors…massive EMP pulse…could be a coronal mass ejection event…***
Winger noticed his helmet face shield had shifted to maximum dark and his rad shielding had gone active.  The hypersuit’s bot screen had erupted and formed a radiation barrier around him, a bubble of interlinked bots that tried to fight off the particles streaming down from the sky.  He chanced a brief glimpse skyward and saw that, as the brilliance began to fade, a massive starburst had formed in the heavens…a supernova and nearby too, flooding space with violent energetic particles in all directions.
But this was supposed to be a sim.  How had a sim made his rad shield go active?
“Okay, Doc…what the hell’s happening around here?”
***Unknown at this time…but apparently we have just witnessed a simulated supernova event…a star erupting in catastrophic collapse…possibly a re-created event from the historical records of the Old Ones…that’s what this place seems to be…I do have good correlation with patterns in my core memory which match this sequence…now the sim seems to be shifting…new patterns…***
Doc was right and Winger shook his head, to make sure he wasn’t dreaming all this.  He wanted to pinch himself but the hypersuit repelled his own hand.  
Now, the planet of bots seemed to be breaking up right under their feet.  Great chasms and cavities developed in the field of waving plants, and the chasms soon became canyons.  The light of the supernova faded rapidly and the ground beneath his feet fell away to nothing and before he realized it, he was drifting in open interstellar space and the planet and the fields and the light were gone.
In time, he came to realize they were inside a great swarm, a vast nomadic collection of nanobotic structures and mechanisms, drifting through space.  They were enveloped in the swarm which was only slightly denser than the starfield itself.  He saw nothing he could recognize…no Big Dipper, no Orion, the constellations were all wrong.
“Doc…” he whispered…”Doc…you  there?”
***I’m here, Johnny.  I am not sure where here is.  But structural integrity is maintained.  All effectors are safed.  Propulsors operable.  This simulation is taking us somewhere else, it would seem***
In fact, the very same thought had occurred to Winger.  “Doc, you know what this is?  It’s not just a sim.  This is a story.  It’s a story or a narrative of what happened to the Old Ones.  It has to be.”
***No data to support or refute your analysis, Johnny.  Sim may be a sequential stream of recorded time-stamped events, which you call a story***
It made sense.  The sim went on for many minutes, or hours, Winger couldn’t tell which.  They were captive travelers, traveling in time and space with a story of how the Old Ones had seen their home world destroyed in a supernova.  As the story developed, Winger and Doc made ‘landings’ on various worlds.  They watched as knots and groups of nanobotic mechs descended and seeded one world after another, leaving behind small samples of themselves on each world.
Maybe they’re trying to find a new home, Winger surmised.  Maybe this is their story, like wandering in the desert of space for millennia, searching for their own version of the promised land.  
The sim unfolded and the great Mother Swarm came at last to a world Winger was sure he recognized…a world of blues and greens, a world of great oceans and steaming continents.  He rode down with a detached element of the main swarm, descending through thick carbon dioxide rich air and purple, lightning-racked clouds to a hover over what looked like a primordial swamp.  
It was Earth.  Earth from millions of years ago.  
“Doc, this is like watching a vid—“
He spotted movement on the other side of the swamp and saw a figure coming into view.  The figure was dressed in some kind of hypersuit.  It stopped, seemed to have noticed him, and continued on, circling the swamp banks, coming around to greet them.
Reflexively, Winger’s fingers tightened their grip on the trigger of his HERF gun.
The figure was the Chinese captain.  His name was Xi Kai-ling.
Winger heard a voice crackling through his helmet.  It sounded like gibberish, then somehow he realized it was Chinese.  He tuned the translator and Xi’s voice poured out of the speaker.
“…to understand…zzzhhh…where…zzzhhh…we are…”
Winger and Xi stood five meters apart, both clad in hypersuits, and stared in disbelief.  “You understand me?  Is the translator working?”
Xi waved, nodded.  “Yes…I understand…the translator works…I hear you and get some of the meaning.”
Winger looked around.  “Where are we?  What is this place?”
Back and forth, the two commanders volleyed, exchanging bits and pieces of information.  
Xi offered details Winger didn’t know.  “They call themselves the Coethi…if my translator is working properly.  This—“Xi spread his hands, “is some kind of story archive, illustrating what happened to them.  A large, animated picture book.”
“I gather their sun went supernova.”
Xi nodded.  “They were trying to boost the output of their own sun but the effort failed.  Instead, it collapsed, went supernova, as you say.  Many were destroyed.  But some escaped.  They have been wandering interstellar space for millions of years, looking for a suitable home world, seeding worlds, studying the results.  From what I can determine, they came to Earth too…several billion years ago.”
Xi’s words were interrupted by movement below the surface of the swamp.  Something was stirring.  Waves lapped against the shore.  A head emerged from the brackish water, then shoulders, then arms.
Johnny Winger stared in disbelief when his father Jamison Winger emerged, shedding sheets of water, and climbed up onto the bank.  At the same time, Xi backed away, shaking his head.  
“Mei Li…how--?”  Xi shrank back and nearly fell backwards against a rotting tree stump, just recovering his balance in time.  “I don’t—“
The creature from the swamp was both.  As Johnny Winger looked on, it resembled his own father, Jamison Winger, in all the ways that mattered.  Same circle of thinning gray hair, same deep-set eyes, same tweak of a nose and bemused half-smile.  Yet when Xi Kai-ling looked on, the creature was Mei Li, a wife now dead ten years, drowned in boating accident in the Huang Po, dragged under by collision with another boat. 
The creature was a reconfigurable form, nanobotic in nature, quantum-enabled, a chameleon, malleable and shifting.  
“We appear as you wish to see us,” came a voice inside Winger’s helmet.  “Familiarity makes our communication more effective.”
Xi recoiled.  “But this…this is most strange…Mei Li died…her body was never recovered—“
The creature attempted a smile, though it didn’t quite work.  “A reconstructed image…the patterns exist in your mind…traces of neurons firing which can be detected, analyzed, reconstructed.  There are infinite configurations here…you see two of them.”
Winger was cautious, suspecting a trap, or worse.  “What is this place?  Where are we?”
The Coethi spoke carefully.  “You also are a multi-configuration entity.  This occurred when you encountered our local configuration, no?  You understand how we live.”
Winger said, “I was almost consumed by Config Zero, if that’s what you mean.  This was one of your…er, people?”
“In a manner of speaking.  This place—“ the Coethi indicated the swamp, “—as you call it, is also a configuration.  Your Captain Xi referred to it as a picture book.  It is our story.”
Xi had regained some composure, gotten over the idea that he was speaking to a version of his dead wife Mei Li.  “Did your sun go supernova…destroy your home world?  We saw that happen.”
The Coethi who looked like both Jamison Winger and Mei Li responded.  “We have seen many worlds.  Including yours.  Think of us as farmers.”
“Farmers?”
“Farmers of worlds.  Like farmers, we prepare the ground.  We plant and seed.  We water and fertilize.  Sometimes we remove weeds.  And when all is ready, we harvest.  Now it’s harvest time.  There is a final seasoning still to be done, a final test.  Both of you…come with me….”
The Coethi turned about and walked back down the banks of the swamp, wading out into the water.  Neither Johnny Winger nor Xi Kai-ling moved.  The Coethi turned around and beckoned them.  “Come, come…it’s time.”
Winger looked at Xi.  Nothing was said.  Both of them then followed the Coethi into the water, which stirred in a freshening breeze.  They waded in, finding the water cool and surprisingly deep.  The Coethi disappeared below the surface.
Winger smiled faintly at Xi.  “Well, I don’t know exactly what’s happening, but here goes.”  He ducked under.
And that’s when everything changed. 

Inside the Mother Swarm
Time: Unknown
Place: Unknown

Johnny Winger knew perfectly well, or at least he was pretty sure, that he was back somewhere inside the mother swarm of the Old Ones, the Coethi as they called themselves, but you couldn’t tell it from what he was looking at with his own eyes.  It looked like the old fishing camp he had known as a young boy, the place called Ford’s Creek, Colorado.  The same cabins.  Same aspen trees, now yellowing in some kind of strange simulacrum of autumnal color…it had always been autumn at Ford’s Creek.  
The camp seemed empty and deserted.  The cabins were dark.  The big stone fireplaces were cold.  No cars were around.  Then he saw movement out of the corner of his eye.  A single figure was sitting on the end of the dock, fishing pole in hand.  A man.  It was dark as midnight and no campfires illuminated the grounds.  The creek could be heard foaming and gurgling nearby, rushing out of the nearby mountains on its way downhill.  There were clouds scudding by overhead.  The moon was a white sliver.
With a start, Johnny Winger suddenly knew who sat at the end of the dock.  It was the Shadow Man, the Two-Faced Man…the Coethi spokesman.
Without understanding why, he stepped onto the dock, listening as the weathered old boards creaked under his weight and made his way to the end.  
The man was hooded and his facial features were indistinct in the diffuse light of the dock area.  Winger figured this was surely the Coethi entity, somehow now in human form again.  Without being invited, he sat down next to the Shadow Man.
For a long minute, nothing was said.  Winger wondered if he should speak first.  He had about a million questions.  Strange thoughts came to mind and he tried to blank them out but it was like trying to stop the creek with your fingers.  In his head, an image of old Mr. Burns, his sixth-grade English teacher came to mind.  How did that get there?  Could the Shadow Man put thoughts in his head?  Was he even supposed to be having thoughts?  
Old Battleaxe Burns…now there was something he hadn’t thought about in decades.  Face like an angry pug with a corncob up its ass.  Five foot five inches of pure hate.  
When the Shadow Man spoke, it was like hearing a hundred voices at once, all coming out of a barrel.  Winger stole a glance out of the corner of his eye, wondering if the Shadow Man was an angel…were there any edge effects, any blurring at his fingertips, swooshes of flickering  bots in the air?
He saw none.
“Johnny, you have an important mission to perform.  That’s why you’re here.”
Winger looked straight ahead at the rushing creek, foaming and hissing around rocks.  There was a swirling hydraulic near the opposite bank…some buried tree roots, probably.  
“Can you read my mind?  This looks just like an old fishing camp my Dad used to take me to in the fall…but this can’t be real, can it?”
Now the Shadow Man lifted an arm and pointed to the hydraulic.  “Do you see the cataract there?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you see faces and patterns in the water?”
Winger squinted.  Try as he did, he saw nothing.  “Am I supposed to? I just see water.”
“If you look long enough, with the right eyes, you’ll see faces.  You are like the river, Johnny.  Only patterns, ever changing, ever shifting.  In this same way, your thoughts are only patterns.”
“You said there was an important mission…that it was harvest time.”
Now the Shadow Man shifted slightly.  He turned so that he was facing Winger.  Only there was no face inside the hood.  Whether it was veiled or in deeper shadow, he couldn’t say.  Only a deep nearly featureless black was visible, maybe punctuated by an occasional flash of lights…it could have been a reflection.  It could have been the moon sliding in and out of clouds.
“Soon, you will be transformed, Johnny.  You will become a kind of expediter.”
When his Dad had brought him to Ford’s Creek as a child, the two of them often spent time sitting on this very dock, sticking their bare toes in the cold running water of the creek, trying to make patterns and faces and swirls and curlicues in the foam.  He always remembered how cold the water was, how it made his toes curl when he first stuck them in.
That was the trouble with being an angel.  You couldn’t feel anything, not like before.
“Will this transformation be soon?”
“Very soon.  Those whom you know as the Old Ones are here, very near here.  You will help them in important ways.  You do want to help them, don’t you?”
Jeez, now this character is starting to sound like Dad.
The Shadow Man went on, turning back to face the river.  Silently, he stuck his feet into the rushing creek water.  The water burbled, just like it always did.  
Johnny Winger felt a cold chill down his back…at least, the part of him that Doc II maintained as a remnant of his original identity felt a cold chill.
“But before you are fully transformed, before you begin your special mission, you must undergo a configuration change.  It’ll be like an adventure, Johnny.  You always liked adventures.”
It was true.  Tom Swift, Jr.  The Hardy Boys.  Amundsen and Scott.  Neil Armstrong and the first Mars colonies…he’d always loved a great adventure.  How did the Shadow Man know all this?  
“What kind of adventure, sir?”
“The name and explanation isn’t important now.  In the past, you might have called it the Prime Key.  Are you ready for this, Johnny?  The Old Ones hope you’ll say yes.”
Winger knew he couldn’t exactly say no but the problem was that he wasn’t sure just how much the Shadow Man really knew.  Spies and saboteurs lived their lives in a funhouse hall of mirrors.  Hadn’t some novelist said that once?  Never knowing who to trust, who knew what.  They wound up trusting no one, not even themselves.
Winger knew, and tried not to think about it, that Doc II was even now maintaining all that he had once been in a small file inside this angel config.  His original identity, all his memories, the very fact that he would recognize this place as Ford’s Creek, when in reality it was probably just a collection of atoms formed into a pattern he would know.  But then, the real Ford’s Creek was just a collection of atoms too.  All this Doc II maintained in a nondescript file called Configuration Buffer Status Check.  They both hoped nobody would notice this.
He was starting to get a headache just trying to think about all this.
The real question was what would happen to him in this adventure.  Was it like a test?  The Shadow Man had called it a configuration change.  The Shadow Man had spoken of harvesting.  Would Doc II be able to maintain ‘Johnny Winger’ through all these adventures, all these changes?
It wasn’t a question he could ask of the Shadow Man.  
“Sir, where will this adventure be?  How will I get there?”
In answer, the Shadow Man placed a hand on Winger’s right shoulder.  It felt ice cold, a cold deeper and more painful than any he had ever experienced before.  
At that same moment, the entire Ford’s Creek camp dissolved in front of his eyes and Winger found himself spinning out of control, hurtling at breakneck speed down a long, curving corridor….

Pueblo, Colorado (?)
Date: Unknown
Time: Unknown

Johnny Winger hurtled through some kind of long, curving corridor at breakneck speed, spinning spinning spinning until at last, he came to a stop, landing with a hard bump right on his rump, and rolling over with unspent momentum.  When the world finally stopping cartwheeling all around him, he sucked in a breath and sat up.  Looking around, he knew right away that he was in a familiar place for that was the way of the Shadow Man.
There was a test coming.  A configuration change.  Something to harvest.  A challenge to overcome.  He hoped Doc II could maintain what was left of Johnny Winger through all of it.
Now he staggered unsteadily to his feet.  I know this place.  He was standing by the shores of a small lake.  It was Reynolds Lake, near his boyhood home in Pueblo.  He remembered the setting too.  It was that day in late summer when his best friend Archie Hester had dared him to swim the lake late at night, when nobody else was around.  All by himself.
Sure enough, he spied movement in the bushes above the water line.  A rustling came, then a head and a short, stocky form emerged.  It was Archie himself, cutoff jeans and a dirty T-shirt.  
Johnny wasn’t surprised at all.
The trouble was he knew he couldn’t swim that well and he wanted to tell Archie to kiss off.  He wanted to decline the dare.  In real life, he hadn’t.  He couldn’t.  But this wasn’t real life.  This was some kind of test manufactured by the Shadow Man.  He couldn’t turn it down.
Archie came up with that lopsided grin and ran hands through his greasy black hair.  “I dare you, Johnny.  Double-dog dare you.  No way you can swim the lake by yourself.  Double-dog and triple-dog dare you.”
Well, you couldn’t very well turn down a triple-dog dare, could you?  His name would be all over school if he did.  So he accepted the dare, as he had before but even doing that, Johnny realized there were some details that were different—Archie’s hair was different and he didn’t have that real bad scrape on his elbow from falling off his bicycle like he always did.  So Winger knew this couldn’t be real.  It was all staged, a simulation.  But still it had a purpose.
He stripped down to his underwear and dipped a toe in the faint ripple of waves lapping the shore.  Yikes!  That was cold!  Reynolds Lake was always cold, even in summer.  Reynolds Lake gave you goose bumps.
There was only one way to do this.  Dive in.  So he held his breath, took a last glance at the sneer on Archie’s face and dove in.
It was freezing cold, so cold that diving in was like running full steam into a brick wall.  Instantly, Johnny came up out of breath.  The cold sucked the very life out of you.  He flailed and splashed for a moment, then he saw Archie on the shore, laughing.  That did it.  He sucked and heaved in as much breath as he could, then turned back to the lake and began pulling, trying to get his complaining muscles in gear as fast as he could, trying to get some warmth flowing.  
He tried to think about anything but the cold.  Katie Gomez’s face and her luscious chest…that was good to think about.  How he would lord it all over Archie when he finally made it to the opposite shore, if he made it.  That was nuts.  Of course he would make it.
If he could just get the blood flowing.
Just like he’d learned in Scouts, long, easy strokes.  Concentrate.  Think of yourself as a machine.  Pull and catch, pull and catch.  Turn and breathe.  Turn and breathe.  And don’t forget to kick once in awhile, too.
When you’re swimming across Reynolds Lake on a cool late August night in your underwear, you wind up thinking about a lot of things.  things like: how much do they know?  Can Doc II keep my file together?  This midnight swim across Reynolds Lake was a test; in fact, the Shadow Man called it a configuration change.  So what’s being changed?  Me?
Winger continued stroking.  His arms and legs had warmed up a little.  He somehow got into a good rhythm…he’d always been a pretty good swimmer.  And he had to show that slimebag Archie that no dare was too much for Johnny Winger.
Eventually, he found himself approaching a line of lights…the opposite shore.  More cabins.  Some light stands.  He saw a few figures standing on the banks.  The porky one was Archie.
But who was the other?
Finally, he scraped his knee on the lake bottom and realized he had made it.  He stood up, shivering, coughing out a little water, doubled over to get some breath and waddled like a penguin up onto the muddy banks.
Archie was there, a little cock-eyed grin splitting his face.
“So you made it, you big twerp.  Took you long enough.”
Winger spat some lake water at him.
The other figure turned out to be Jamison Winger.  
His Dad handed him a few towels and helped him dry off, then gave him jeans and a dry T-shirt to put on.
“You did great, son.  I’m very proud of you.  You swam that lake like a champ.”  He ruffled Johnny’s hair and for a few moments, Johnny basked in the affection.  Then it struck him.  
None of this was real.  It was all a sim.  A simulation with a purpose.
His Dad was saying something again…”I have a badge for you…a merit badge.  You earned it.”
“Yeah, you were just lucky, that’s all,” whined Archie.
Johnny wanted to slug the fatso.  How’d he get into the sim, anyway?  
Jamison Winger handed Johnny a small box.  Inside, the Scouts merit badge for swimming a mile in open water lay on a black velvet fabric.  Johnny took it out, beaming.  
“Your mother will sew it on your uniform tonight,” Jamison Winger promised.  He squeezed Johnny’s shoulder.  
Winger looked up at his Dad.  He looked real enough: the same lock of hair down over his right eye, that he was forever brushing back.  The blunt nose with the nostrils that flared like wings when he was mad.  The slight quiver on his right eyebrow, like it might take flight.  It was Dad.  
But it wasn’t.  It couldn’t be.
“The main thing, son, is that you passed the test.”
Jamison Winger squeezed Johnny’s shoulder once again and this time, it was like the whole world was jerked away and he was hurtling down that long curving, corridor again at breakneck speed.  The trip seemed to last a lifetime but when he stopped, landing always right on his butt, he knew enough to let the dizziness fade away before trying to open his eyes and look around.
This time, he knew where he was.  He had been here before.
It was that vast, undulating plain of waving grass and plants, like a Dakota prairie in the summer, stretching to the sky.  Only the plants weren’t plants.  When he got up and steadied himself, he took a few steps.  Each stalk of grass poofed into a small cloud of dust, bots, Johnny knew, as he swished through them.  There were gazillions of bots.  
He was on the home world of the Old Ones again, or another sim perhaps, though this one felt awfully real.  
He had been here before….

Aboard UNISPACE Submersible Trident
Europa Coordinate System: Lat. 25N, Long 72W
Station keeping 1500 meters from EUROTOP
December 16, 2050 (Earth U.T.)

Inside Trident’s airlock, Mighty Mite Barnes and Al Glance hurried through the lockout cycle.  Ray Spivey was already outside the ship, maneuvering toward the outer boundary of the EUROTOP swarm.
Captain Stella’s voice came over the 1MC.  “Still holding at fifteen hundred meters…I don’t want to get any closer.  This thing looks like it’s about to blow.”
“Roger that,” Barnes said grimly.  “Spite, what do you see out there?”
Spivey was maneuvering carefully along a tangent to the vast swarm.  “Mostly speckles and swirls of light.  It’s like watching a thunderstorm from close up.  The whole thing appears to be spinning or rotating in some way.  I’m detecting aspect changes too…it may be reconfiguring, maybe even re-locating…moving off in some other direction.”
“Why would it do that?” Glance asked.  “Doesn’t make any sense…the whole glob’s probably been here for millennia.”
“I don’t know,” said Barnes.  She waited impatiently for the lights to cycle through…red, red, red, come on…come on… now green and green.  She stabbed a button and the airlock outer hatch opened, exposing them to the Europan sea.  Both troopers drifted out and headed for Spivey’s beacon.  “But something’s happening and I’ve just got a feeling—“
After days of relative stability and quiet, the vast cloud of nanobots that was the EUROTOP swarm was now spinning up and expanding outward, a vortex of bots rotating like a cyclone hundreds of meters below the icy surface of Europa.   It was as if something had agitated the huge swarm and now it was thrashing about like a wounded beast, trying to fight off the source of the irritation. 
Even from five hundred meters, the flashing, strobing light of the thing was visible.  No longer just specks and pinpricks of light, the effect now was one of a revolving lamp, flickering on and off.
“Looks like a lighthouse,” muttered Glance as they closed with Spivey.  
“Yeah and you know what lighthouses do…they warn ships of dangerous conditions,” said Barnes.  “We’d best not approach too closely…Spite, what’s happening now from your position?”
Spivey had moved in a little closer.  “Not sure…this thing looks like it’s about ready to blow.  I am sounding something at bearing one six five relative…may be just a localized bot disturbance, bigger than usual…I’m keeping an eye on it.”
“Don’t get any closer,” Barnes warned.  
“You don’t have to worry about that…hey, this eruption’s getting bigger and bigger.  I’m laying to about two hundred meters away, but it’s like the swarm is swelling abnormally fast in that sector.  Must be some hellacious bot activity going on there.”
“I see it from my position too,” Al Glance reported.  He scanned his eyepiece indicators…”—lots of thermals, EMs, acoustics, every band.  Not sure what’s happening, but the bots in that sector are going haywire.  Maybe a big bang of some sort.”
Even in the black featureless void of the deep Europan sea, the general outlines of the EUROTOP swarm were dimly visible, backlit by the nanobotic fires of uncounted trillions of mechs slamming atoms.  It twinkled like some playground carousel at night, spinning slowly, flickering and strobing, all the while expanding outward.  The Europa Transiting Optical Phenomena was waking up and growing, consuming more and more ocean.
“We’d better back off,” Barnes decided.  She reversed propulsors and put some distance between her and the swarm.  She also advised Trident of what was going on.  “Captain, be ready to move out smartly if I give the word.  We’re not sure what’s going on here, but the swarm may be coming your way.”
Stella’s voice came back, “I’ve got Trident turned around and her propulsors are already spinning up.  First sign of trouble and we’re out of here.  You’re on your own, Sergeant.”
Thanks a lot, she almost said back.  “Understood.  Detail…out.”
Spivey’s voice crackled over the crewnet. “Mite, Al…I’m getting a beacon…faint, but definitely some kind of beacon.  Could be the Skipper…I’m going in closer—“
Skipper?  Major Winger had been MIA for the better part of the last twenty hours.  Most of the crew had given him up for dead…lost…consumed inside the swarm…probably broken down into atom fluff by now.  How could a beacon--?
“What bearing, Spite?  What’s the bearing?”
Over the crewnet, she could tell Spivey had cranked up his propulsors to max…the humming vibration in the background let her know that.  “I make it as…hold on a sec…I make it as one six six relative…pretty much that eruption I’ve been monitoring.  Soon as I zero in on that bearing, the beacon gets stronger.  Mite, we’ve got to chance it…we’ve got to check this out.”
Barnes was nominally in charge of the detail.  “Agreed.  But hold up, let me and Al come to you…we may need to put some suppressing fire on that sector.  If it’s the Skipper, he may need some help…are you getting anything else besides the beacon?  Hard returns…like a hypersuit, propulsor noises, anything?”
“Hard to tell in all this crap,” Spivey said.  He jetted forward, coming up to within several dozen meters of the outer edge of the swarm.  The lights were dizzying and he darkened his helmet visor to cut down on the glare.  Something was dead ahead…he could almost see it—
There!  Something materialized in the still-bright glare of the light…a shape, a formless shape…”---looks like a MOBnet, Mite…it’s under prop, maneuvering toward me…I’m cycling my HERF…get over here quick, guys, this may be—“
There was a blast of static over the crewnet…then…silence.
“Spivey!” called Barnes.  “Christ…Al, let’s go…max propulsor…get your weapons ready—“
“I’m at full charge now…right behind you—“
They traversed the last hundred meters in a minute, cavitating in an explosion of bubbles more than once and nearly collided with Spivey’s hypersuit.  Just past Spivey, a huge mass loomed out of the darkness…it was a MOBnet alright, but it was different somehow…a full Quantum Corps mesh bag formed of nanobotic mechs but all the outer mechs were EUROTOP bots and the beacon they had all heard was now screaming in their ears.  
Within moments of the near collision, the swarm had overtaken them all and they were enveloped in a swarm of enemy bots, coming at them from every direction.  
“Light ‘em up!” Barnes yelled.  “Everything you got…this is some kind of trap…not a MOBnet…some kind of bag of enemy bots—“
HERF and mag weapons went off simultaneously and the water soon churned white-hot, flashing steam, roiling with turbulence as rf waves and loops of magnetic energy fried the EUROTOP bots.  The huge formless bag quivered and shed its outer shield of bots under the assault, while Barnes, Spivey and Glance pummeled the swarm with everything they had.  
The melee went on for several minutes.  It was Glance who noticed that the mesh bag was beginning to disassemble, right in front of them.  While Barnes and Spivey pumped more and more HERF into the surrounding swarm in an attempt to keep from being overwhelmed, Glance saw the mesh that had looked like a MOBnet essentially dissolve right in front of him.
A form emerged from the disappearing mesh.  A helmeted form.  A hypersuited form.  And the beacon flashed a familiar red icon on her eyepiece…it was the Skipper!  Major John Winger, UNQC.
“Skipper!  What the hell--?”
Barnes saw the same icon on her eyepiece.  “Major…maneuver yourself toward me…you still got propulsor?”
Winger’s voice was weak but it was him.  “Got propulsor…quarter power…got to save Doc—“
“What’s he saying?” Glance asked.  “We’ve got to get the hell out of here…get back to the ship!”
“Skipper—“ Spivey maneuvered alongside and pulled out a towline from his belt, attaching it to a cleat on Winger’s hypersuit shoulder, then cinching it up.  “Skipper, relax…I’ll give you a tow.  Mite, Al…give me a bearing.   And get these damn bugs off me, will you?  Blast the suckers to kingdom come!”
“With pleasure,” said Glance.  He let fly another volley and the water frothed and steamed and flashed with hot rf.  
A few more blasts of HERF and the detail found itself at least momentarily free of the swarm.  With Barnes leading the way and Glance following as rear guard to cut off any bots that followed, Spivey maneuvered forward, towing the crippled hypersuit of Johnny Winger toward the last known position of Trident.
Fortunately, Captain Stella had stuck around a while longer.  
The return to the ship took the better part of an hour, as Stella wasn’t willing to bring Trident any closer than one kilometer from the vast swarm.
It was a raucous, boisterous reunion that occurred outside Trident’s airlock.  Glance, Tsukota, Spivey and Barnes, with the rest of the unit, crowded around Winger and helped pull him out of the hypersuit.
“Skipper, you look like you’ve been through an eggbeater!”
“—maybe a blender, even—“
“What was it like…see any Old Ones?”
“Hey, help the man get out of his suit, why don’t you?”
Winger briefly described what had happened inside the swarm.  “Check my suit’s containment cell real good.  Unless I imagined the whole thing, Doc may have grabbed some pieces of the bastards from that sim we were in.”
Al Glance handed Winger something to drink.  Winger sipped from the cup gratefully, wincing at the hot liquid.   “Jeez, what the hell is this…?”
Mighty Mite Barnes was all smiles.  “You like it?  It’s my own special brew—came from—“
Winger held up a hand.  “I don’t want to know…just make sure nobody dies from this stuff.  And get that containment capsule into the Lab right now.”
The hypersuit was carried into the lab on Trident’s E deck.  Meanwhile, Captain Stella indicated he was backing off from the Keeper a few more kilometers.
“I want as much distance as I can get from that cloud of bugs.  And I don’t want the Major here to leave this deck.  In fact, he should be put back in the airlock…until we’re sure—“
“Sure of what?” asked Barnes.
“Sure of what he is…who knows what he’s carrying.”
The nanotroopers looked incredulously at the Frontier Corps officer.  Barnes scowled, “Are you off your rocker…sir?  Take a look: it’s Major Winger, for Christ’s sake.  Who else could he be?”
Stella was firm.  “I’m in charge of this ship.  And the safety of everyone on board.  Major Winger’s an angel.  We all know that.  Angels can reconfigure.  They can be anything, look like anything.  The Major could have been turned while he was inside that big swarm out there. All I’m saying is we need to be sure.  Take certain precautions.  You know the protocol aboard ships like this, as well as I do.  You don’t bring anything on board that could endanger the ship and crew.”
Barnes took a deep breath.  She looked at Winger, who seemed real enough, if a bit pale and haggard.  “It’s a damn good config if he looks like he just came through a washing machine, Captain.  But I guess you’re right.  Major—“
Winger held up a hand.  “It’s okay.  I’d do the same thing.  Captain, you want me in containment, like a prisoner?  Is that it?”
Stella threw up his hands.  “It’s not me.  It’s regulations.  Protocol on quarantine of unknown threats.  Major, please…it’s the right thing to do.”
Reluctantly, Al Glance produced a containment capsule.  He held it up.  “Will this do, Captain?”
Stella nodded affirmatively.  “Perfectly.  And when he’s in, seal it in the airlock.”
Winger looked around.  Glance, Barnes, all of them looked down.  No one would meet him eye to eye.  “Okay, then that’s it.  I’m the mission commander.  I’m not beyond regs myself—here goes—“With that, the swarm angel that was Johnny Winger began dematerializing.  Bit by bit, like smoke dispersing, the swarm uncoiled and broke down, forming an amorphous cloud of sparkling, flickering bots.  It drifted, almost reluctantly, toward the open port of the containment capsule.  When the capsule lit up green, Al Glance snapped the port shut and sealed it.  Then, under Stella’s watchful eyes, he placed the capsule on a shelf inside the airlock.  Stella himself cycled the lock shut, then seemed to breathe easier.
“Now, it’s time to get the hell out of here.”

Soon, the thrum of the ship’s propulsors could be felt as Trident maneuvered off to a new heading.  It took three days for the submersible to return to the coordinates of her landing platform, then another ten hours to bore up through the ice layer.  Mighty Mite Barnes had assumed nominal command of the detachment, with Winger in confinement.  She assisted Stella reluctantly in getting Trident onboard her landing platform and readying the ship for return to Archimedes, still in orbit.  The two said little to each other.
The Chinese ship Shen Feng was still in orbit and Barnes hailed them for a brief discussion of what had happened.  Their own lander-submersible had been lost below the ice, presumably consumed by the EUROTOP formation.  
“We’re departing Europa orbit in twenty hours, soon as our launch window opens,” Barnes told her Chinese counterpart.  His name was Lieutenant Zhi Ru-gong.  “We’re heading home.  Speed run to Earth, via Venus gravity assist.  It’ll take ten months, give or take.”
Lieutenant Zhi’s face was grim, lined with worry, on the intership vidlink.  “We stay,” he announced.  “Continue searching for the sub.  We may have a signal we can follow.”
Barnes was dubious.  “Lieutenant, you and I both know it’s not safe here.  That cloud of bugs below the ice is growing.  It’s expanding.  It may breach the surface.  Who knows where it’ll wind up?”
But Zhi wouldn’t be dissuaded.  “Safe journey, Sergeant.  We track you from here.”
The vidlink went dark.
Mighty Mite Barnes drifted down Archimedes’ central gangway to C deck and climbed through into Trident, now attached like a parasite to the central mast of the big ship, the docking collar adjacent to the top of the onion-shaped module.  A small discussion was going on inside the crew’s mess—Spivey, Glance and Tsukota—but she declined to stop and went instead aft to Trident’s airlock on her own G deck.  She extracted a coupler from her coveralls and opened a link to Major Winger, now tucked away inside a containment capsule inside the airlock.
It wasn’t right, what they had done.  It just wasn’t right. 
“Major, you there…it’s Mighty Mite.”
After some screeches and warbling, Winger’s voice crackled through the coupler.  He sounded tired.
“Major, how are you?  Anything I can do for you?”
“Mite, you can let me out of this bottle.”
“You know I can’t do that.  Stella’s in charge.  You and Doc have to stay confined…until we get home.  Major, tell me: what was it like inside that swarm?”
There was a brief pause.  Then: “Like nothing you could ever imagine, Mite.  That swarm that we call EUROTOP…they call themselves the Coethi.”  He tried to explain what had happened, what the Coethi were all about.  “They seed worlds, Mite.  They seeded Earth.  They’re some kind of nomadic race and they’re looking for a new home.  There’s nothing we can do to stop it.  They wanted me and Captain Xi—the Chinese commander—to help them.  They called it harvest time.  Mite, I think they wanted us to be like ambassadors.  Negotiate safe passage into our solar system.  Help them settle into their new home.”
“You mean Earth.  They want to come to Earth and settle there…that’s nuts.”
“No, Mite, they’re already there.  Already on Earth.  They’ve been there for billions of years.  Nanoscale entities that were left there a long, long time ago.  Viruses, Mite.  We call them viruses.  The Coethi are ancestors to all our viruses.”
Mighty Mite Barnes felt a cold chill go down her spine.  “Major…I’m sorry, I’m just having a hard time with this…I need to sign off for now and get right back to you—“
  She shut down the coupler link, thought for a moment, then headed forward along Trident’s spine, bumping her head twice on fixtures lining the gangway.  The gathering was still going on in the crew’s mess up on C deck.
Ray Spivey reached out a hand and snagged Barnes as she went by.  “Mite, get in here.  Have a drink.  We’re laying bets on when Stella will give up and let the Major out of prison.  I say give him a week, two at most.”
But Barnes twisted free.  “Later, Spite.   I’ve got to see Stella myself.  There’s something he needs to know.”  She pushed on and re-entered Archimedes, navigating the huge cycler’s maze of tunnels and passageways.  The captain was up on A deck, command and control, dozing lightly in the left-hand seat.  Outside the front window, Europa loomed large, like a huge cracked billiard ball.  Beyond, the banded crescent of Jupiter itself seethed and boiled like an eternal cauldron.
“Captain, could I have a word with you?”
Stella startled awake and sat up straight.  Automatically, he checked the chronometer, displaying time remaining to their Trans-Earth Injection burn: two hours, four minutes and twenty-five seconds.
“Sure thing, Sergeant…what is it?”  He rubbed tired eyes.
“Captain, I just talked on coupler with Major Winger up in Trident’s airlock.  There are some things you need to know—about the Major--“

END



About the Author

Philip Bosshardt is a native of Atlanta, Georgia.  He works for a large company that makes products everyone uses…just check out the drinks aisle at your grocery store. He’s been happily married for 25 years.   He’s also a Georgia Tech graduate in Industrial Engineering.  He loves water sports in any form and swims 3-4 miles a week in anything resembling water.  He and his wife have no children.  They do, however, have one terribly spoiled Keeshond dog named Kelsey.
For technical and background details on his series Tales of the Quantum Corps, visit his blog at http://qcorpstimes.blogspot.com.  For details on other books in this series, visit his website at http://philbosshardt.wix.com/philip-bosshardt or learn about other books by Philip Bosshardt by visiting www.smashwords.com. 
Download the final exciting episode of Tales of the Quantum Corps from www.smashwords.com.  It’s called “Johnny Winger and the Battle at Caloris Basin.” Available on April 21, 2017. 
To get a peek at Philip Bosshardt’s upcoming work, recent reviews, excerpts and general updates on the writing life, visit his blog The Word Shed at: http://thewdshed.blogspot.com.
