Midnight Oasis

By Deb Sartoris

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 Deb Sartoris

Smashwords Edition, License Notes


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

* * * * *


This book is dedicated to my father – I love and miss him very much.  His encouragement allowed me to be all I can be.


* * * * *


Chapter 1:  

Today will start out like any other day – or should I say night.  I lay awake inside my shelter looking across the great lake.  There are 3 moons out tonight.  The sun does not shine here on the planet Armis as often as it does on the old world.  Armis is located just outside of the Earth’s galaxy. I have lived here for many centuries.  I and others of my kind left the old world when our species found a new way to survive.  You see, on Armis there are many days when the sun does not shine. To those of us who are a night species the lure of another off world life was exciting. A place where you can live and go unnoticed.  Where the night lasts almost forever and you can become one with the world around you. A place where you and your mate can have a long and happy life together.  A place where your children can grow and prosper.  Armis is now and will always be my home.  

Before I talk about the present - I have stories of the past to tell and wish to place them in this journal for those who will come after me. As with other stories – this one should begin at my birth.  My life began like all others of our species born to human parents in the old world.  My human birthplace was a small village on Earth called Balbina located on the continent of South America near Brazil. My parents were farmers and lived off the land and earth.  By the time my father, Franko Martin, was old enough to marry at the age of 17 his family had agreed to exchange his family birthright to another family by way of an arranged marriage.  This was very common in the old centuries as many families survived by merging farms together.  His wife (my birth mother) was Rose Maria and she was 16 at the time of their union and was eager to begin their lives together.  Their families became joined and their lives as husband and wife started in the year 1890.  

My mother became pregnant and she and my father were looking forward to the new arrival into their family.  Our village was growing and my parents were existing as all others before them had: farming and living at the edge of the jungle. However, like any other villages located in the deep Amazon there were many old legends and myths. My father had heard of many stories during his life and always thought that they were told to children to keep them scared of the dark and out of the Jungle.

Stories of dark creatures that would come in the night and take livestock.  Sometimes the stories told of creatures coming and taking the women and children.  My father heard these stories from the elders of our village, stories of creatures with the desire to feed on anyone or anything they could find, stories told over campfires after smoking the local herb or drinking from the Donti plant. My father had heard these stories his whole life: women who were taken and never seen; children born with unusual abilities; stories of how these creatures lived near the village. 

One night my father was awoken by a scream.  He reached over to check on his wife and found that she was not in bed.  My father ran off into the other room and still could not locate her.  Another scream and he realized that Rose Maria was outside.  His only thought was for her and their unborn child.  Most women in the village had trouble during birth and many children died during the birthing process.  

He went outside in the dark toward the scream.  He found his wife on the ground near the water well.  She was alive.  Rose Maria had blood on her clothes and face. My father could not find anything that would have caused the blood marks so he assumed that she must have fallen and fainted.  Rose Maria was heavy into her pregnancy and the child was due before the next moon cycle.  My father carried her into the house and placed her on their bed.  Rose Maria was confused yet she did not seem to be awake and she was rambling on about a beast coming after her.  My father finally got her settled down and asleep.  My father went into town the following day to ask for the birth doctor.  He told the doctor about what happened and the old doctor said it was not uncommon for women to have such dreams close to their birth time.  The doctor gave my father some tea to give to his wife and asked that my father keep an eye on Rose for a few days.  My father had noticed that the doctor seemed to be more interested in the fact that Rose Maria was rambling about a beast after her then her health.  My father had heard of rumors of why Rose Maria was given away as a wife at such a young age.  Stories of Rose Maria seen out at all hours of the night at the edge of the jungle.  Stories of creatures seen with Rose Maria.  Stories of how Rose Maria got pregnant so fast. These stories and others like them were told but fell on deaf ears for my father. 

My father took the tea and went home to his wife.  Each night for almost another 2 weeks my father was awoken during the night by Rose Maria and her screaming.  She was always found outside by the well and always rambling about the beast that was after her.  Rose Maria became more distraught as each day passed and my father was becoming concerned for her and the unborn child.  As the cycle of the new moon started my father found himself worried for the birth of the child.  Rose Maria started her labor 12 days after the first night of screaming and she was in no shape to be giving birth.  She was pale, sickly and struggling to survive the birth of the child.

The doctor arrived and the waiting began.  For many hours Rose Maria screamed and suffered.  It was more then any man should bear to watch his wife bring his child into the world.  This birth was not like any other one in the village. Rose Maria was in more pain and my father could tell that the doctor knew something was wrong.  Finally, after one whole day and night had passed my father heard the scream of his newborn child.  He ran into the house to see the doctor holding the child and Rose Maria covered in blood. Rose Maria was alive but not whole. It was like the child had clawed his way out of Rose Maria.  My father had never seen anything like this and he knew something was wrong.  The doctor tried to get my father to leave the birthing hut but he refused.  All he wanted was to see his wife and comfort her.  Rose Maria died giving birth that night.  I Roberto Thomas was born into the world a killer in the summer of 1891. 

* * * * *


Chapter 2: 

I remember that night.  Our species is not like humans we have clear memories of our birth.  Some say it is because our species must find a way to survive that is a blending of human and beast. It is with a heavy heart that I came into this world by killing my mother.  

Several days had passed before my father took me into his arms and wept over me. My father only saw a child that had just been born into this world by killing his beloved wife. There were many rumors as to what had happened that night.  What had my mother Rose Maria been doing for those months before my birth?  My father was young and deep into his grief. He did not know what to do with me.  

My father left me alone in my bed for almost a week following my birth.  I was aware that he took my mother to her burial site.  I was aware that people in the village came and went from our house. I was aware that another women held me and tried to feed me something that smelled spoiled. I was also aware that something came to me at night. Always after my father was asleep and after the women care taker had left.

I had not eaten for several days and my desire to feed was becoming overwhelming.  I was just an infant with no way to care for myself.  One week after my mothers death a stranger came to see my father.  A woman who was frail and thin.  The woman had bright red hair and very strange translucent skin. She was not like others in our village and spoke with a strange accent.  She asked my father if he wished to have the child taken away.  She was willing to take the child out of his hands and raise the child if he so desired.  This woman was the most beautiful female that my father had ever seen.  I remember her face being white and pale.  Her eyes had an odd orange color to them.  This women spoke with such a sweet sound that it did not take long for my father to agree that I would be better off with her.

And so it was done.  I was traded to the foreign woman. I remember my father kissing my forehead.  I remember his tears as they fell upon my face. I remember his voice with such sadness saying that he loved me and wish nothing but my happiness. I also remember the thirst I had in my throat as my father touched me.  The woman placed me in her shawl and left my fathers house.

The woman and I traveled for a short time and it did not take long for the woman and me to reach the interior of the jungle.  It was there that I became more aware of what I was.  The woman stopped inside the tree line near the edge of a small meadow.  I could see the light coming through the trees.  I felt afraid of the light.  I did not know why I felt that way.  After a few minutes there were others with us.  I remember seeing several other men and women.  All of them were beautiful like the woman who was holding me.

I felt at ease with the others like they were part of me.  I felt as if I had never been taken from my family.  The loss I felt for killing my mother was gone.  I remember the woman telling me that she would care for me now.  I remember her telling me that I could eat and not be afraid.  I could not understand her.  I was only a child; how could I feed.  The woman laid me next to her breast and I did what all babies do: I ate – but not of the milk that human mothers give – but through my teeth that plunged deep into the pale breast of the woman who held me.  My thirst of many days was overwhelming and I ate from my new mother for a long time.

My new mother’s name was Samonia.  Our clan is a species of night creatures.  There are many words for our kind.  Dhampir is just one of those words that some use.  I was born into this world because my real father, who was a vampire, mated with my human mother Rose Maria.  My mother was lured by my vampire father into an encounter one night in the jungle.  My species believes that the only way to procreate is to mate with human women.  I was created during an arranged mating between my mother and vampire father by the village elders.  It was always known to my species and the village elders that exchanges of women were required in order to keep the village safe from the onslaught of what would happen if they elders did not agree to our species terms.  My mother was only aware that a beautiful man loved her and came to her often during the night while my human father slept.  The lust that my mother felt for this man was not unusual for my species.  Dhampirs have an ability to lure anyone that becomes of interest to them.  Our species can influence and eventually mate with whomever we choose.

I was 5 years old before I became fully aware of what I was: a night creature that was born by the mating of humans and vampires. My life as this species was created and birthed so that our species could survive.  I was never supposed to live with the humans.  It is written in our lore that all Dhampir children come into this world via the same manner that I did: born killing their mothers.  Our species has been on the old world for longer then written record.  We have existed because we have the ability to use our strengths to survive all that comes forth.  My life as a Dhampir, the creature of the night, was now all that I would know.

* * * * *


Chapter 3: 

My life became a blur. Years came and went and I lived with my new family deep in the jungle.  I lost track of the time as our species does not count days and nights.  We exist for centuries and time is of no issue to us.

My new family grew as you would expect over the years.  I had many brothers and sisters all of whom were born in the same manner that I was.  I was not unlike any other child.  I had childhood dreams to follow and games to be played.  My games were different than those of human children.  My games were designed to strengthen my abilities.  I learned how to chase down leopards and feed without losing one drop of blood.  I learned when to sleep in the safety of the trees.  I learned how to influence humans around me.  I learned about our species through our own elders.  

One night I came into the same village of my birth.  I came to be at my birth place.  I could smell the humans inside.  I could sense that they were asleep and unaware of my presence.  I went into the hut that was my birth home and I saw that my human father had a new wife.  He was asleep next to her and in the other room was a newborn child.  My old human family had also grown.

I visited my father and his new wife and children often over the years.  I was always very careful not to show myself to my human family. I saw my father and his new wife age.  I watched as my human brothers and sisters grew and prospered.  My father and his new wife brought many human children into this world as was custom for their village.

I had become an adult in what seemed like no time at all.  My human father was now one of the elders of the village.  My father was made aware of what the rules were between the village and our species.  My human father realized after all these many years what happened to his beloved Rose Maria.  He became aware of the fact that his first born son was not of his own blood but something born from another species.  

I also became part of our elders.  I was now an adult of our species and was soon suppose to take a human wife as was custom to our kind.  I was also made aware of how the exchange functioned between the human village women and our species.

Late one night while I was out hunting I smelled a human.  As I tracked closer to the scent I realized that it was a familiar smell.  It turned out to be my human father. He was also out hunting.  We were both alone.  It was time that I came face to face with the human father that I had known so long ago.  I was very careful to watch my human father for a long time before I approached him.  I wanted to make our first encounter such that neither of us would fear for the safety of other when we greeted.  I finally decided on the small meadow which had played a big part in my life a long time ago.

I appeared to the left and slightly above where my father was hunting – but far enough away that I would not scare him.  Despite my careful decisions I still managed to give him a bit of a fright.  I had often thought of this moment when I would meet and talk with my human father but had never truly decided on what I would say.  I now found myself face to face with a human alone in the forest for the first time in my new life.

My father realized right away that I was not one of the persons in his village or for that matter anyone that would be from one of the villages around our area.  I was very tall, thin.  My hair was the color of coal and my eyes were a bright orange color.  My skin had stayed a pale gray color.  My clothing was made from the animals that I had killed.  I imagined that I must have looked like a jungle animal to my human father.

I spoke first.  I had kept my human name and now introduced myself to my human father.  He stared at me for a long time.  He did not say anything only looked at me as if he was trying to see past the years of my life.  After a while my human father spoke.  He was slow at his words and had to sit down upon the ground before he could speak them to me.  He was not afraid of me.  But he felt sad that our lives had not been able to be shared. He spoke of things he had learned at the elder meetings and I did the same.  We spoke for many hours about important subjects in our lives.  He spoke of his new wife and their many children and I spoke of being raised in the forest.

It was becoming light and I told my father that it was time for me to leave.  We promised each other that from time to time we would meet to discuss important matters here at the same place as needed.  We parted and I felt for the first time in my life that I was now complete.  I had a friendship with my human father and a life with my Dhampir family.

* * * * *


Chapter 4: 

I met my human father many times in the meadow deep in the forest.  We spoke of matters that were important to each of us.  Often times we would disagree on a subject and that would lead to very intense discussions.  But always we would come to some compromise and our meetings would always end on a happy note.

Many years had come and gone. I was now considered an elder in my Dhampir family eyes.  It was time for me to choose a human mate.  This was not something that I had wanted to come of age for.  I had very vivid memories of my human mother; how I had killed her during my birth.  I remember her smell and how she felt when I was birthed.  I had become friends with my human father and his family over the years and I had started to care for all of the humans in my birth village.

As was custom to my species and the villagers a man and woman would be chosen to be part of the mating for the next child to be born.  My human father was as aware of this issue as was I.

My human father came to me one night and he was extremely upset.  He was much older and each time I saw him I could smell his life fading away.  I knew that one night he would not come and I would find my father dying or dead.  My human father was upset because he had learned that one of his oldest daughters had been chosen to be the next mated female to our species.  What my human father did not know was that I had been told that the next human woman would be mated to me as the oldest male of our species.

I did not know which female would be chosen for my mate as this typically is not known until we are left together in the jungle. My human father was very upset at the news that his daughter would be given away to be mated.  He knew that this mating would lead to a birth and the death of his daughter.  My human father was very angry and wanted to get my opinion on what could be done to stop the ritual of exchange between our species and the village. 

I decided that I would not tell my human father that I was the chosen male from our species to be mated to his daughter.  This news was not something my human father would ever accept and I was not willing to take the life of someone from my adopted human family.  I had many thoughts on this matter as a new leader of our species. I did not believe that a human life needed to be taken in order for our species to continue.  Our lives as Dhampirs never ended unless we so chose to do so ourselves.  We could end our lives by walking into the sun or allowing another Dhampir to destroy us by tearing us apart.  We had no known natural enemies and increasing our species did not seem logical any longer to me.

I managed to calm my human father and promised him that I would go back to my elders to discuss this matter. I made sure that my human father got home and I returned to my elders.  I managed to talk our elders out of taking my human father’s daughter for the next mating.  I also traded my mating for another in my species.  It was agreed that two different people would take this cycle for the mating.  It was not an answer but it bought my human father extra time.

I left after several days to go and visit my father with the news.  I had expected him to come to the meadow at our usual time.  I waited for one whole night.  He never came to meet with me.  I finally decided that he must still be upset with me.  I took the chance and went to see my father at my birth home.  When I came to the hut I could smell my human father.  He was there but not there.  It was a strange scent for me.  I had been around my human family for a long time and I knew their scent very well.  This scent was new to me.  In the back of my mind I knew what the scent would mean for my father.  I did not want to face him.  I had never been with a human that I loved when they died.  I approached the hut very slowly and found my human father lying on his bed.  He was very frail.  He was not breathing well and I could tell by his heart sounds that he would not last very long.  I was surprised to find all of his family with him.  It was not custom for our species to have other persons around them when their life ended.  Our species were considered as loners and only came into contact with others to feed or mate.

I could not decide if I should make myself known to the whole family.  My human father must have sensed me there and he called my name and said it was alright for me to be there.  At a great risk I made myself visible to them.  At once, I could see the shock in my human family eyes.  I could see the horror that they felt when I appeared to them.  Everyone was looking at me with such hatred except for my human father.  I sat down next to him on his bed.  He took my hand and smiled at me.  I told him of the decision to use another human women for the mating and that his daughter would not be chosen for this breeding cycle.  I had made an agreement with my elders that no human females from my human birth family would ever be chosen for mating.  This agreement also had strings attached to it that only I would bear the consequence for.  

For a long while I stayed with my human father and his family.  Finally, after several days my human father went to the great mountain spirit. He was surrounded by his family and his Dhampir son.  I had never faced this kind of a human death before.  I had killed many times over the years.  I took killing as a requirement to survive.  I had to eat and that always means that I had to kill to do so. 

Our species can survive on any type of blood so humans are not always required.  However, human blood is what brings our species to its full splendor.  I have taken humans before.  I have killed them for their blood.  But I have never watched as someone I loved faded and died before.  The death of someone you care about is something different to be part of.  The death of my human father still brings blood tears to my eyes after all these centuries.

I left my human family after I watched them bury my human father next to my birth mother Rose Maria.  I had such sadness in my heart that I did not know what I would do.

* * * * *


Chapter 5: 

For many moon cycles I traveled the jungle.  I could not ease the suffering that I felt and I knew that I must find a way to reconcile the death of my father with the life and death that must exist for all species.

We Dhampirs do not think of time as humans do so I do not exactly remember how long I was away from others of my species. I am sure however that much time had passed.

I saw many strange things over the years that I was away from my Dhampir family.  My human village died out completely. None of my human relatives are alive any longer.  The worst side of being a Dhampir who does not die is that you see all those around you pass away. There were many strange events that I could not explain.  There were strange noises in the jungle and strange things in the sky.  Animal and human life in the jungle changed and I found myself alone. The old world was changing very quickly and I could see that unless our species was ready to accept this change we would be lost to the world as we know it.

When I finally decided it was time to return to my Dhampir family they were not unkind to me.  It was as if I had never left them.  I knew that my return would bring me face to face with the consequence of my pact with my elders.  I had agreed long ago to pass up my chance to mate with a human woman in exchange for allowing my cycle to be moved to a later date.  I had hoped that the time would give me and the elders both a chance to find a way around the taking of a human life.

My return to the Dhampir family has now brought me to the point in my story where I must tell you something that is not written down in our lore. It is not something that our species likes to discuss. If not for the long passage of time since I left the old world I would not be telling this story to you now. My elders were not willing to accept that our species could find a way to exist without killing human women. My return brought me to a decision and a fight with the elders.  I had to choose between humans and Dhampirs.  I was not the only one of our species to speak against traditions and my willingness to fight the elders started our civil war.  The war within our own kind has lasted as long as I can remember.  It has not yet ended and many of our species have died or gone into hiding.

I, Roberto Thomas, chose to alter my life so that humans could live.  I gave up my Dhampir family and decided to leave the jungle.  The trackers of our species would find me on occasion and I would always give them the option to live or die.  To my surprise many chose to live.  The others who came to find me often had made an unconscious decision to save humans but had not chosen that way of life until their own death was put to them.  

I formed my own clan of our species hidden far away from our original jungles.  I picked an area near a large city where feeding would be easier and where we could try and blend in with the humans.

* * * * *


Chapter 6: 

One hundred years have passed since I left the jungle.  Many of our species have taken up residence near my home now. Over the years our species learned to live on the blood of animals.  While this method of feeding kept our bodies alive it did not truly give us full strength and abilities.  I have many friends who have chosen to live their lives without the taking of humans.  As with anyone who ages you look at your life and try to find some meaning to all that occurred in it.  I found that I had a calling to work in the sciences.  I knew that I could find a way to save the human women and with an endless time ability of our species I could spend working on this endeavor until I would hopefully give purpose to my life.

Some of the males in our species still found the need to mate with human women as this was an urge that was difficult to control.  There were of course some of our kind who could not give up the human women and death and births still occurred.  

I still believe that there was a chance to birth our species without loss of the human women.  I studied all aspects of the human sciences hoping to find something that I could utilize to save our species from returning to our old ways. 

Over the years, the sciences have improved and our species was able to save most of the human women during the birthing process.  Babies were planned and birthdates were chosen such that the child did not kill the mother during the process.  However, we still had not solved the issue of human mothers to Dhampir children and the child had to always be removed from the human mother at birth.  Human women never lived or stayed with our species as this was our custom.  The human mother’s loss of their child has become a sore spot to me over these past years.  When the birth mother died – the child separation was not an issue.  When we started to save the mothers and the child was then taken – the grief that the human mothers felt was something that I did not wish for them to bear.

I knew that if we could find a way to save the mothers at birth that over time we could also find a way to keep the human women with their babies.

* * * * *


Chapter 7: 

I had become so involved with my sciences that the moon cycles slipped passed me.  New inventions came and went and our way of life began to change.  The sciences had moved in a direction that had found other planets.  The old world had realized that their planet was not the only one in their solar system. I found myself intrigued with the idea of the other planets and often thought that perhaps the answer to many of my questions might exist on one of those distant planets.

My species were still finding themselves involved in our age long war.  It was becoming more and more difficult to hide for long periods of time.  I knew that sooner or later I would be faced with a Dhampir that was not coming to save me but to kill me. The sciences had brought forth a scientific method to track our kind and there were many times I had to escape the trackers.  Tracking our kind had become a game and very profitable for those who chose this profession.  The killing of our species allowed the tracker to inherit the assets of the Dhampir he killed.  The trackers were obsessed with killing and the profits were such that the game never ended.

It was on one of those escapes that I moved to the other side of the old world into a small remote village in France.  I found that the language of these humans could hide my accent and I could fit into their lifestyles very easily.  I purchased a villa near a forest area suited for hunting and hiding.  The villa offered a place away from the main village and yet still close enough that I could continue my studies in the sciences unnoticed.  The villa had many hidden rooms and cellars. I could come and go within the villa without my house staff taking much notice. It was a good home to setup my lab.  I had the large forest area to allow my feeding to go unnoticed and there was an abundance of good animals to choose from.

I had been at the Villa Caprina for many years before I became aware of something different within me.  I had noticed that I no longer enjoyed the long days and nights alone.  I found myself going into town more often.  I was afraid that I was reversing back to my old days where I needed to feed on the humans again.  It was as if my entire being was being torn apart.  I fought with myself on many occasions to stay hidden at the Villa.  I had made some human friends in town and I did not want to take one of their lives should I stray off my chosen lifestyle. I threw myself into my studies hoping to deter my thoughts.  But alas, no matter how many times I tried to distract myself I still found myself longing for human contact. 

One day I could no longer stand the thought of the being cooped up in the lab or the villa so I decided that a trip into town was required.  I was edgy and felt that this was an unsafe adventure for me to take.  I threw caution to the wind and arrived at a bookstore that I often visited.  The smell of the old books lined up on the shelves reminded me of the jungle that I missed so much.  The musty pages and the way the books felt was a comfort for me. It was good to be near something that was as old and ancient as I was. I was sitting in a chair far away in the back of the book store when I heard the door bell ring.  I could hear the light foots steps of someone coming into the store.  I returned my thoughts back to the book I was reading.  I smelled the woman before I saw her.  It was something different to become aware of another human so quickly and especially so for a male of our species to become aware of a human female.
Sofia came into my life that day.  She was small for a human.  She had bright blue eyes and a very small nose.  Her hair was dark which made such a stark contrast to her eyes.  She had an accent that was different then the locals in the area and I knew at once that she was not from the local village.  Sofia was looking at books in the science fiction section of the bookstore.  She settled into a chair not too far from where I was sitting with an old book about life on other planets.  She was very still and did not make any attempt to contact me when she sat down.  She seemed to be lost in the new adventure of her book.

I watched Sofia for a long while that first day at the bookstore.  She never seemed aware of me that first day of encounter.  Sofia read for a while before she got up and purchased the book and left for the day.  Before Sofia reached the first street in the village I was behind her.  Sofia intrigued me.  Never before had I received such an intense feeling as I had with her.  I did not want to frighten her so I kept to the shadows so that she would not become aware of me.

I followed her to another villa along the main road into town.  The villa was well hidden and deep within the forest.  I watched as Sofia entered the house and I could hear her walking through the first floor.  I was overwhelmed at the new senses that I was receiving from Sofia.  She was like nothing I had been around in all of my many years on old Earth.  I found myself longing to be near her.  

I was terrified at what this might mean to me.  It had been a very long time since I was with my clan in the jungle.  I remember stories of the elders and the other men.  There was always talk of how the human women would cause a type of fury to occur within our species.  This emotion would cause the male of our kind to hunt for and mate with the woman that was calling to them.  There was never a chance encounter like this in our lore.  Always the females were chosen and a time and place would be given for the encounter to take place.  It was always known to the male of our species that this time was arranged so it was thought that the desire was brought on by the anticipation of the arranged mating. I had never heard of anyone of our species being attracted at random to a human female before.

I returned to my villa and quickly decided that a hunting trip to the forest was required.  I could not understand what was happening to me.  It was like my blood was on fire.  I killed many animals that night and several other nights following that first encounter.  I tried for days to vanquish my feelings but I could not resolve the longing that I felt for Sofia.

* * * * *


Chapter 8: 

For many nights I tried to vanquish the feelings that Sofia had arisen in me.  I spent many nights consulting with others of my species only to be disappointed in their lack of information regarding this type of encounter.  I realized that there was nothing that would ease the intense feelings except for being near Sofia.  I managed to stay away from her villa for almost one whole moon cycle.

I was out one night hunting deep in the forest when I realized that I was very near Sofia’s villa.  Perhaps it was by chance or fate that I would wind up within eye sight of her home.  It was very late and I assumed that Sofia would be asleep in one of the rooms of the big mansion.  I did not notice that the lights were on until I got very close to the main area of the villa.

I could see that there were many lights on at the top floor of the mansion.  The tall windows were open wide and the breeze was blowing the curtains outside of the window frames.  I could see that the windows all had small balconies attached to them.  It would be very easy for me to leap up to the ledge and stay hidden at the same time.

I found myself tracking around the grounds for some time.  I don’t know what I was searching for – except perhaps I was trying to locate Sofia somewhere within the mansion.  Finally, after almost an hour I could smell a scent that made me crazy with fear.  I had felt this feeling before a very long time ago in my old life in the Amazon jungle.  The strength of the longing to be near this scent was such a powerful entity that there was nothing I could do but comply and leap to the balcony close to where I knew Sofia was.

I was very nearly crazy at this point.  My mind was focused only on seeing Sofia.  I had not realized that I had leaped to the window without being in my shadow mode.  Again – perhaps fate or something else was causing me to make these dire errors in judgment.  I saw Sofia at the same time I realized that she saw me.  I expected to hear her scream and call for her servants.  It was as if time had frozen.  She stood in the lighted room near a small dresser. Her hair was freshly brushed and her skin was a bright pink color.  She was wearing a pale blue evening gown.  It was strapless at the top and made of very thin materials and tied at the waist. The light reflecting from many candles that were lit within the room was casting a bright shadow that allowed me to see her thin body behind the fabric of the dress.  Sofia made no attempt to move and I was terrified of what would happen next.

We both stared at each other – each of us waiting for the other one to say something.  Finally, Sofia smiled.  She gestured me to come into the room.  I willing obliged her command.  Each of us sat down in chairs that were near a small sitting area in this room.  I started to notice all of the antique items in her sleeping chambers.  She had very old paintings on the walls.  Her bedroom furniture was a dark black wood.  Her bed was large with 4 tall posts.  Draped over each side of the bed post was a fine white fabric like netting.  She had fresh cut flowers on her dresser and the fragrance from them filled the room.  Her floor was made of hard woods of many different shades.  There were large red rugs in places around the room giving the room a Persian look.

Sofia spoke first.  She had a very soft, quiet, almost child like voice. She said that she had been expecting me for some time.  However, she was surprised that I had not chosen a more traditional way to greet her.  She said that she remembered me from the book shop.  I found this comment odd – since we never actually introduced ourselves at that first encounter.  Sofia introduced herself to me then.  Her full name was Sofia Elizabeth Statson.  Sofia was not in the least scared or nervous around me.  Again this seemed odd considering that I had just appeared out of no where on her 3rd story window ledge.

Sofia said that she realized that I was a very unusual human that day she saw me at the book store.  Her words seemed to be a little out of place to me.  She did not have an accent that was similar to those around the village.  Sofia appeared to be taking much time to formulate her words to me very carefully.  It felt like she was trying not to frighten me off.

Our conversation continued into the early morning hours.  We spoke of general things and did not go into a lot of details about our lives. I realized that it was getting close to the sunrise hour and I found myself not wanting to leave her side.  I could not see any tiredness in Sofia.  She seemed well suited to be staying up all night.  It came time for me to bid her good night and I stepped over to Sofia and gently took her hand in mind.  I could feel the warmth of her skin and I could smell the scented soap she had used to wash her hair with.  I kissed her hand and told her that I must leave and return to my home before it becomes light outside.  Sofia and I walked hand and hand to the window and she laughed at me and said I assume you will be leaving the same way you arrived earlier this evening.

* * * * *


Chapter 9: 

Before I continue on with my story I feel that I must tell you that my meeting with Sofia was unplanned as far as I could tell.  There were no others of my species around.  The trackers had left me alone for a while now – many months had passed since I felt their presence near me. I will tell you that Sofia was everything that I could have imagined a mate would be.  I would not know for sometime the reason why I was so drawn to Sofia.

I left Sofia in the early morning hours that first night.  I barely made it to my resting place before the sun was shining into my villa.  I found that I could not rest.  My head was full of her scent.  I could not believe that I had found a female that was not terrified of me.  Sofia seemed to enjoy the lateness of the evening and our conversation flowed as if we had known each other for some time.  The daylight seemed to last forever.  I was forced to stay down in my resting place until the sun had finally set.  My thirst was the first thing that needed taken care if I was going to be anywhere near Sofia in the next few days.

As soon as the sun had set I flew out of my resting place and into the deep forest.  I ran for hours partly to be as far away from my home and Sofia that I could be in order to hunt.  I found a herd of deer.  They were resting near a small brook in a cleared glade area about 20 miles from my home.  I sat and watched them for some time.  I always spoke a prayer to the animals before I hunted.  It was our way to give thanks for those that bring life to us.  If I could find a way to live without the sacrifice of the killing I would gladly give up the hunt.

I ran at full speed into the herd and took out the largest buck. I did not waste any time in draining the beast as fast as I could.  Before I realized it - several hours had past and I had eaten several deer before I felt sated enough to return to Sofia.

I left the clearing and returned as quickly as I could run to my villa.  I wanted to change into something more suited to meeting the woman I hoped would become my mate.  I changed into a dark pair of pants with a blue button down shirt.  I had no need for a coat even if it was a little chilly outside for humans today.  I decided to ride my favorite horse to Sofia’s house this evening.  I would ask her if she would enjoy a ride around her estate.

I arrived at Sofia’s within 3 hours of sunset.  I wanted to give myself many hours to be with her tonight. I did not know if Sofia would receive me this evening.  It was my intention to use a more “traditional” means of calling on her tonight. I dismounted from my horse and knocked on the large wooden front doors.  There was a brass dragon head on her front door which gave the entrance a well worn look. The doors were of old wood well worn and with a heavy pillar like structure around them. I might say that I was nervous, even shaky, as I approached the front entrance.  I assumed that my gluttony at feeding tonight had given rise to my head spinning in all directions.  

To my surprise, Sofia answered the door.  She was dressed in riding clothes.  I could not believe my eyes.  It was like she was reading my mind.  How could she possible know that I would arrive with the intent of asking her to go riding with me?  Sofia said that I was a little later then she expected me and asked if everything was OK.  She was amazing.  How could she know I was on my way?  I was glad that she had no idea of why I was later than she expected me.  That was something I never intended her to be aware of.  As it was, I was taking a great risk to be with her again this evening.  Sofia informed me that she loved to ride and she had several beautiful horses in her stable.  She shut her door and asked me to escort her and my horse to her stable.  We walked slowly down a winding path past her gardens. We walked past her pond.  There was a beautiful waterfall that cascaded down several tiers within the pond.  Sofia told me that for some reason a waterfall seemed to be important to her and she had many of them around her estate. I could hear the frogs chirping and see the golden fish just beneath the water surface.  The path that ran along side of the pond and her garden was filled with lovely flowers and green plants.  There were benches placed at little hidden coves within the gardens.  I could image myself and Sofia sitting talking the entire night away at one of those benches.

She was touching the face of my horse and talking to him as we walked. I could tell that she loved animals and my horse was very much at ease with her conversation and touch.  I found myself somewhat jealous that she was touching my horse with such tenderness.  My heart tugged at me.  It was all I could do to keep from reaching to her and pulling her into my chest and kissing her. 

It was a short time before we reached the stable where her horses were kept.  She and I entered the stable and she asked me to bring my horse along with us.  She said that we should let my horse pick out her mount tonight. She felt that it was important that both our horses enjoy themselves.  We allowed my horse to walk slowly through all the stalls.  Sofia talked to my horse and each of the other horses as we came to them.  Finally, my steed showed signs of liking one of her horses toward the center of the stable.  Sofia seemed to be happy with his choice.

My horse had chosen a brown and white spotted mare. Sofia talked to the mare and touched her nose.  Her mare was almost the same height as my steed. I could tell that both Sofia and her mare were acquainted with each other. The tenderness that Sofia took as she was getting the saddle up on the horse showed me just how much Sofia cared for her horse. Sofia mounted her mare and we were off on our adventure.  

We rode at a steady pace for some time allowing our horses to travel where ever they wanted.  We rode out into the forest for about one hour when our horses showed signs that they wanted to rest.  We had stopped near a small brook and the grass was ankle high near the center of the meadow.  We dismounted and allowed our horses to wander over to the brook for a drink.  

The meadow was filled with many sights and sounds.  My hearing was such that I could sense the small woodland creatures as they crawled through the underbrush.  I could see butterflies as they stopped at the small flowers that covered the ground near the small brook.  Our horses had picked a very lovely place to stop for a rest.

I located a small area where a tree had fallen and was laying near several other trees causing a square to be formed on the ground.  It would be perfect for allowing us both to sit and enjoy our time together. I asked Sofia if she needed a drink or anything to eat.  I had brought a picnic basket with me tonight. I had wine, cheese, lunchmeat and some bread packed for our adventure. 

 I pulled out a large wool blanket from the basket and placed it on the ground near the brook and we sat down on the grass with our backs against the fallen trees. While I would not require food I assumed that she would need something.  To my surprise she said that she did not require anything.  I found myself wondering why not.  

The evening was clear and the stars were shining brightly.  I could see that our horses had stepped knee deep into the small brook and they seemed to be splashing each other with their heads.  I found this scene to be funny and I laughed out loud.  Sofia asked me what I found so funny and I told her that it appeared that our horses were playing with each other in the water.  Sofia said she was not surprised because she knew that my horse liked her mare.  Her insight with our two horses was something for me to inquire about.  I asked her how she understood so much about our animals.  Her answer to this question was unexpected.  She simply said that she could hear the minds of the horses and she knew that they both found each other attractive.  She said that she had always had a gift for seeing what was going on in other species minds.  

It occurred to me then to press her a little harder on the subject of her mind’s ability.  I could not find any other words to ask politely so I simply asked her if she knew what I was thinking at the moment.  She turned to me and leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.  She said does that answer your question?  It took me half a second to realize that kissing me was exactly what I was thinking.  After her sudden kiss I found that I had other things on my mind now and I was doing my best to keep those thoughts deeply hidden.  

We sat and talked in the meadow for most of the evening hours.  Our horses were grazing near the small brook.  Sofia and I chatted about our love of reading.  She said that her favorite books were about things not so real.  She said that since she always seemed to be aware of things going on around her she found it necessary to pick up a good fictional book and dream of far away places.  I was more of a non-fictional sciences person.  I told her of my studies and how I found the sciences intriguing.  

Sofia did not want to talk about her past.  She simply told me that she was not from the local area.  She had traveled for a long time before she chose her new home here near my villa.  She said that she had a feeling about her villa and that she knew for sure that this was where she was destined to arrive.  Sofia always talked as if she was from some place very distant and not like anything I knew about.  She said it was not unusual for her kind to be sensitive to others.  Her choice of the word “kind” triggered a response in me that I kept to me self.  

My inner senses told me that it was nearing sunrise again.  Sofia stood before I did and she said she knew that I needed to be returning to my villa now.  She said in keeping with my previous night’s departure time she was aware of the pressing need for us to be on our way.  I picked up the blanket that I had placed on the ground.  Before I could turn around the horses were headed back toward us.  Sofia just smiled and said she had told them that we needed to return home now.

The ride back to her villa went very quickly.  I did not want our time together to end.  Our horses seemed to also have the same idea.  They were nudging each other all the way back home.  Their game brought Sofia and I close together several times on the way home.  We dismounted and walked our horses into the stable.  Sofia suggested that I leave my steed at her stable.  She said that it didn’t seem right to separate them so soon after finding each other.  I could not see any reason why I should not leave my steed with her mare.  They both seemed happy with each other and after we had removed their saddles they walked back into the stall where we had found the mare early tonight.

Sofia told me that she knew that I would not have any issues running home without my horse and told me not to worry about the care of the horses.  I walked Sofia to the front door.  Tonight, I was not going to simply kiss her hand and leave.  I turned closer to her and placed my hand around her thin waist.  I told her that I had a wonderful time.  Sofia placed her hands around my neck.  I could feel the warmth of them through my cold skin.  If my heart could have raced I’m sure it would have popped out of my chest at that moment.  Sofia stood on her toes, closed her eyes and I found myself drawn to the lips that I knew wanted me to kiss them.  I was slow at my approach to her.  My mouth touched hers and the fire between us ignited.  We pressed harder to each other for several minutes.  Our mouths enjoyed the closeness of one another.

I stepped away from Sofia after a few minutes.  I knew that if I did not place space between us I was going to carry her up the stairs to her large four poster bed.  Sofia must have sensed the arousal within me.  She reminded me that the sun was rising and I had best return home to rest.  She said that we had plenty of time to explore our desires. I bid her goodnight and turned away from her.  I looked back for one second only to find her no longer standing at the door.  The darkness of the night was fading fast.  The glow of the morning sun was on the horizon and I knew that I only had a few minutes to return home before I would be too late and succumb to the suns burning rays.

* * * * *


Chapter 10: 

For many hours I laid awake in my resting place.  I could not find peace with the coming of the sun this morning.  My mind was full of desires that I knew were forbidden for my species especially when a fragile human female was involved.  I felt as if Sofia was aware of my special requirements. I allowed the memory of the evening with Sofia to replay in my head.  Our conversation was a little different tonight.  I could tell that Sofia was trying to tell me something but yet I could not find the truth to the meaning of her words.

I remembered that Sofia used the words “species” and “kind” like they carried a different meaning then what she knew she was or for that matter what I was.  It was as if she was aware of the uniqueness of all things she encountered in her life.

The memory of Sofia flooded my mind again.  Her riding habit was black and fitted very snug against her thin body.  Her hair smelled of wild flowers.  I remembered her garden and wondered if the herbs and flowers she had grown there were what she used to bathe with.  I found myself longing for the day to end so that I could find Sofia in my arms once again.

The sun finally set and I was released from my resting place.  I rose with a desire to see Sofia forefront on my mind.  My thirst was once again bestowed upon me as usual but this time the desire to consume was not as important as the need to be with Sofia was.

I was getting dressed when the front door bell rang.  I crossed my dressing area and walked down the hall past the library toward the first set of stairs. I reached the window - balcony of the second set of stairs and I sensed that it was Sofia at the door.  I could smell her scent as it floated in through the open windows.  I could not prolong my desires any longer and I leaped down bypassing the entire second staircase on the way.

I opened the door – and there standing at my front door was the woman of my desires.  Today, Sofia had chosen to wear the most beautiful red dress with white ruffles.  The dress was pulled tight at her waist and the ruffles of her dress were puffy at her breasts.  Sofia smiled when she saw that it was me that answered the door.  She asked if she could come in and I opened the door and allowed her to stand close to me in the entrance hall.  

My villa was much older then hers.  It was said that my villa had been in the village for as long as anyone could remember.  The structure was built entirely out of old stone.  The stone was gray and showed signs of the weather along the exterior. Outside the villa gave the appearance of an old monastery. There were many windows and balconies. 
There were rounded structures that gave the appearance of turrets. Inside each room the walls were lined with old wood.  Some rooms were light brown, while others were a darker almost black wood.  The floors within my villa were wooden throughout the entire structure.  I had found many hidden rooms behind loose boards.  I often wondered what those hidden rooms were used for.  

I had many old items within each room.  Some were from the jungles.  Masks and spears hung on the walls.  I had old rugs, each one different and unique.  My furniture was old and wooden.  Some of it was from the time I had spent in Asia while other pieces were from Africa.  

Sofia took a step closer to me.  While I don’t need to breathe in this body the need to fill my entire being with her scent was overwhelming at that moment.  Sofia asked me if her arrival time was at the correct hour.  This was a very odd thing for her to say.  It took me a few seconds to realize just what she had said.  How could she possible know what my rising time was?  Sofia took my hand and she walked into my villa as if she had been the mistress of my home for a long while.  She walked slowly around the main sitting area admiring my paintings.  She asked many questions about how I had come to own such old and lovely antiques.  She seemed interested in the age of the paintings.  Sofia sat down in a leather couch near a small collection of vases.  She asked if they were from the same era as the paintings. It was very difficult for me to keep up with her conversation.  

I was aware that Sofia - a human female was in my Villa.  She was warm, beautiful and full of life.  Her skin was pale and of a slight gray color today.  Sofia surprised me by saying that she knew that I had not “taken my nourishment” yet since her arrival was at my rising hour.  Her statement was not something I would have expected from her.  Perhaps I was being paranoid.  There is no way that a human female could understand the desire for my species to eat at our rising hour.  Sofia took her hand and touched my face.  She pulled herself closer to me.  I could feel the ruffles of her dress against my cotton shirt.  I could hear the satin dress shift against her weight as she pressed closer to me. Her hair smelled of the flowers from her garden.  Her eyes were shiny, bright and full of desire.

Sofia took her hand and placed it in mine.  She then said to me “you may feed upon me tonight” you do not need to kill any more animals around our villas from this day forward.  I did not waste a minute to try and comprehend her words.  My instincts reacted and my teeth plunged deep in her wrist.  Several minutes passed before I could withdraw my teeth from her. I leaped up from the couch and pushed myself back against the wall.  I knew that I needed to put space between us before I drained her completely of her life giving blood.

I was full of Sofia blood.  I could taste it in my mouth.  I could feel it pulsing through my veins.  Her blood was like none other that I had tasted.  Hers was full of life and my inner thoughts were wrapped around the blood as it raced around my body.  I allowed a few minutes to pass in order to calm myself from the feeding frenzy.  I crossed the room in two long strides and sat down on the couch next to Sofia.

I could see that she had two bite marks on her wrist.  She was not screaming in pain.  She was not terrified by the events that just happened.  I was struggling to find the words to say to her.  I reached out my hand and touched her wrist.  She did not pull away from me as I had expected her to do.  I could not allow the marks of my feeding to tarnish her beautiful wrist.  I found my words then: “Sofia I’m very sorry for allowing my instincts to harm you.  I can clear the marks of my teeth from your wrist if you will allow me one more touch.”

Sofia turned her wrist to me and simply said that she was not sorry that I had consumed her blood. She did not care if my teeth left marks on her wrist.  But I could not stand that my teeth had left scars on my beautiful Sofia.  I held her hand and stroked my tongue across her skin sealing the marks closed.

I returned her hand to her lap and looked at my Sofia.  I would no longer hold back my questions.  Sofia asked me if I had enough blood to last me for a while.  I of course could drink her entire supply – but not without killing her.  I simply replied yes for now.  Sofia said that perhaps it was time for us to reveal our secrets to one another.

She said that she felt she should be the first to start since she had surprised me with the gift of her life force to me.  I agreed to allow her to continue with her story.  Sofia was a creature not of the Earth.  Sofia was from a planet called Armis.  She had arrived on Earth a century ago in search of something that had drawn her to this planet.  Her species was called Mica. Sofia has the ability to become a vision of anything that she desires. 

She stood at that moment and walked across the room.  She stood at the window and told me not to be afraid.  Her body began to glow – shimmer would be a better description.  She became more and more translucent until finally she was a soft white cloud.  After a few minutes, I could see the cloud move from the window to be near me.  I could sense Sofia but she was not in her human from. She was in her natural form.  Sofia became more solid at that moment and my beautiful human female stood next to me.  I could no longer help myself and I pulled her down on the couch with me and kissed her with all the passion that had been rising in me over these past few days.

* * * * *


Chapter 11: 

For many hours that first night Sofia and I discussed her planet and her species.  I was full of wonder at how she could transform into any other type of species.  She told me that she had been many different species over her life time and that on Earth during her last century on this planet she had been many different creatures.  Her mare was also a Mica and that was why our horses were so drawn to each other.  Her travel companion was happy with the horse that it had become and no longer wished to be any other species.  It was then that I realized that Sofia was not alone.  

I had assumed that Sofia was unique and alone on this planet.  I would need much time to comprehend the details of this.  It was becoming light once again.  Sofia sensed that it was time for me to return to my resting place.  I told her that she should return home and we could continue our discussion after the sun sets tonight.  To my surprise Sofia responded with a kiss.  She told me that she did not wish to return to her empty villa any longer.  There was no reason why she could not stay with me.  She had told me what her secret was and she had hoped that I would allow her to stay with me this morning.  

I had not yet had time to tell Sofia of my species.  We had spent all of the remaining night discussing her kind.  I had not realized that it was Sofia who thought that all secrets had been revealed tonight.  She did not understand that I also needed to explain what I was to her and that there were many of my species alive on this planet. Sofia stood up from the couch and touched my face.  I could smell the blood in her veins and the rush of the desires that flooded my system was stronger then anything that I had felt in all the centuries that I have been alive. It was my aspiration that I would not sleep alone in my resting place this day.

I picked Sofia up and raced up the two sets of stairs.  I turned down the long dark hall way and entered my resting place. I returned Sofia to her feet and told her that she still had time to return home.  Sofia turned to face me then.  She took a step closer to me and pressed herself against my chest.  I noticed this time that she was not as short as she had been the first time I had kissed her.  I would keep this question for another time as I had only her warm lips in my thoughts at this moment.  

I kissed her and for the first time I did not stop when the desire rose in me again.  Sofia kissed me back and I could no longer find the strength to keep her at a safe distance from me. I carried her across the room in several steps and placed her across my bed.  I was unsure how I would react to having a human female alone in my bed at my resting hour.  I could smell her blood as it flowed through her veins.  She must have sensed that I needed her once again.  Sofia rolled over on top of me and I could hear her dress as it tore.  She laughed at that moment and I could not stop myself from pulling at the top of the ruffles on the front of her dress.  She leaned toward me and I knew at that moment that Sofia would allow me to taste her blood once again tonight.

I awoke at the moment that the sun set. I thought that I had dreamed the past night events.  If my species could dream that is.  I rolled over to see that my Sofia was not a dream and she was awake at my side.  She was warm to my touch and still alive to my amazement.  I did not know how this was possible.  I could still taste her blood in my mouth.  I could still feel her blood flowing in my veins.  I could see the many bite marks across her pale skin.  Sofia should not still be breathing.  Before I could ask one of the many questions that were forming in my head, Sofia spoke.  She explained that her species could become what was necessary for another species to survive.  In my case, I needed the taste of the blood to keep me alive and Sofia’s life form would be able to sustain me.  She would never die from my feeding and she would always have enough blood to quench any desire that I had.  My world changed at that moment in time.  I decided now might be a good time to inquire about her height change.  She told me that she made an adjustment to her form to better accommodate my height and structure.  Sofia could adjust her appearance to be anything that was better suited for the one she had chosen to spend her life with.

The marks of my feeding were turning purple against her pale skin.  I was horrified at the many times that I must have bitten her during the night. I did not want the marks of my feeding to remain on my mate. My first order of business was to explain how I felt about my teeth marks across her body.  I explained that I found my species repulsive.  I ran my hand down across her soft skin and I could feel the raised marks against my fingers. Before I could lean down and run my tongue across her skin Sofia took my hand and smiled at me.  Sofia’s skin began to shimmer again and in an instant the marks from my feeding were gone.  Her skin was once again soft, smooth and clear of my teeth marks.

I asked Sofia what her species needed to survive.  I had never seen her eat or drink in the many days we had been together.  She explained that Mica’s survive by drawing off the life force that they sustain.  As a man of science this was very confusing to me.  How could another life form live without some kind of intake of food or liquid?  Sofia reminded me that I was only thinking like a human from Earth.  On other planets the requirements for food and liquids are different and all the many different life forms existed and survived by different means.

I turned my head to Sofia and told her that if we were going to become a mated pair that there were also secrets that I needed to explain to her about me.

* * * * *


Chapter 12: 

Before I continue my story to you – let me just relate something.  I’m still unsure how Sofia found me or why our two species can exist together.  Sofia’s existence in this world was very much a surprise to me and I still can not find the words to explain how much her life form can endure. 

Sofia and I rose up from our resting place.  To my amazement, little was left of her beautiful red and white dress.  It lay torn and in pieces all across the floor near the bed.  Sofia did not seem at a loss for her clothing.  She walked to my closet and took out another white linen shirt for me and one for her also.  My shirt was large and bulky on her slim figure. Sofia decided on a gray pair of pants for me and a black pair for her. She was so full of life and her smile was bright as we descended the stairs this night.

We arrived in my sitting room and we returned to the leather sofa.  I took Sofia’s hand and told her that now that I understood her secret it was time for her to understand mine.  I told her of how our species is born into this world.  I explained the method of my birth and how I had never known my human mother.  I told her of the story of my human father and how I had become friends with him at the end of his life cycle.

Sofia sat very still and never once interrupted me while I told her of the beginning of my life.  Some time had passed and I was becoming restless at the sitting in my home.  I rose and asked Sofia if she would like to take a ride this evening and we could continue our discussion at a much more pleasant place.  She agreed.  We headed out the back door toward my stables and it was then that I realized that our horses were at her home.  Sofia smiled at me and simple said that the horses would be waiting for us at my stable.  Sure enough by the time we walked down the lane past the rows of trees to the stable I could hear our horses baying at each other.

We walked into the stable and found the two horses standing near their saddles waiting for us.  I wanted to ask how this could be but decided that there was going to be many things in the future that seemed out of place for me and I would just have to take some odd occurrences for granted.  We took care of the horses and got them ready for riding and we headed off down the back lane toward the forest.

For some time the horses took us through the woods.  We traveled up a hill and around a rock formation.  I could hear the birds and other animals in the forest.  I could not believe that I had such an awareness of life around me this night.  I had always had a high level of hearing but tonight my entire being sensed the animals around me. I could tell that the birds were hungry and were chasing butterflies for their supper.  I could hear the mouse in the leaves and I understood it was hunting for small grubs.

We stopped near a clearing.  There was tall grass and a small moss covered hill near a hidden cave.  Our horses wandered toward the clearing and Sofia and I went to sit upon the small hill.  I knew that there was something in the cave below us but I did not fear it nor was I hungry to kill it either.  Sofia was sitting near me.  I could see her skin was still slightly glowing.  Her hair was pulled up in a bun onto the top of her head.  Her, or should I say, my shirt hung loosely around her chest.  Her life form was such an interesting species.

I continued my story to Sofia.  I explained how my species existed and how our life form must maintain itself.  To my surprise Sofia was once again motionless and accepting of my story as if it was nothing new to her.  I was having trouble finding the proper words to use with her to explain how my coven lived.  Sofia was easy to talk with and my words came slowly but continued for some time.  I came to the part of my story where I had promised my coven that I would return one day and accept my destiny as the leader of my species.  I told Sofia that since time for my species was not tracked this meant that my returning was not something that I had ever planned to complete.  Now with Sofia in my life I did not wish to return nor would I put her or our lives in any danger by doing so.

Sofia told me then she knew of a way for the remaining coven to exist without killing any more humans.  Sofia continued to say that there were many more of her species hidden on our planet and she would be capable of asking them to sustain my coven.  Sofia told me one last secret that she had been holding back.  She was the leader or, so that I would understand, the “queen” of her species.   Sofia could summon her fellow Mica’s to a meeting place.  I as the leader of my species could also do the same for my kind.  We could bring the two species together and let them decide their fate.

The enormous risk in this venture was something that I was not sure I wished to be part of.  First of all, I had kept my whereabouts hidden for many years.  I did not know what the remaining coven felt about me.  There had been so many trackers sent to kill me that I was sure that my head had a price tag on it.

There was much to consider.  The night was fading.  I could sense the sun was rising soon.  Just then the animal within the cave began to stir.  My instincts became alive.  My stance became one of protection for my mate.  Sofia saw that I had become distraught.  She was behind me now.  I had leaped to the top of the hill above the cave ready to drop and strike a killing blow to what ever came out of the cave.  I heard growling and stomping.  I felt my teeth descend down.  Sofia reached for me then.  Her hand wrapped around my arm.  I was not going to let the creature from this cave harm my mate this night.

I pushed Sofia farther back atop the cave.  Suddenly, I felt as if I was floating.  I no longer felt the need to strike and kill the beast.  I turned to see that Sofia was still holding my arm.  She had become the transparent white cloud once again.  All time stopped around us.  I no longer heard the beast as an enemy.  Sofia returned to human form.  The creature appeared at the mouth of the cave at that same moment.  Sofia leaped down and to my surprise, reached to touch the animal. It was a large brown bear.  I could hear the bear breathing.  It was happy?  How did I know that?  Sofia hugged the bear and I knew that the danger had passed.  I was at a lost for words.  I saw with my own eyes a tiny fragile female hugging a very large brown bear in the middle of the forest.

I turned to Sofia and jumped down off the top of the cave.  I walked to where she and the bear were standing.  Sofia turned to me and said, “Let me introduce Ely. He is Mica and also my brother.” In a matter of a few seconds I saw the brown bear disappear into a white cloud and a tall masculine man appear.  He was much taller than I.  His skin color was the same as Sofia’s.  He had jet black hair and the most unusual shade of green eyes I had ever seen in a human.  

Ely was stark naked.  While he did not seem the least upset at this I was not happy to have a naked man standing near my mate – even if it was her brother.  I took several swift strides to my horse and pulled out an extra set of clothing I kept in the saddle bag.  I returned back to the cave.  Ely was happy to have the clothes to put on.

Seems Ely had lived in the forest for some time.  He wanted to be near Sofia but did not want to live as a human.  He had come to love the bear animal form and had been in this form for some time.  He had not had the need for clothing.

The sun was quickly coming to its dawn.  I had forgotten what time it was with all the excitement of finding Sofia’s brother. I had never allowed myself to be out this long before.  I could sense that the sun would rise before we could return home.  This was going to be a problem.  I did not want to be outside exposed to the sun.  Sofia sensed my problem.  She asked Ely if the cave he had been staying in was big enough for the three of us.  Without any hesitation Ely said yes of course.   We walked into the mouth of the cave just as the sun broke past the horizon.

* * * * *


Chapter 13: 

Ely had not seen his sister Sofia for what seemed to me to be a very long time.  Their reaction to seeing each other was one of sadness.  Ely and Sofia stood with hands and arms around each other for some time after we entered the cave.  I could tell that they missed each other and I sensed that both of them had many things they wished to discuss with the other.  I’m unsure why I could sense how they were feeling but it was something that I was sure came from my closeness with Sofia.

Ely led us down the wet cave through several low hanging rocks.  The cave was very dark and I could hear the animals as they scurried past us on the walls and floor of the cave.  I could smell and hear the drops of water as they rolled down the walls and onto the floor of the cave.   I could see smaller holes along the walls and each seemed to lead to another area of the cave.  I could feel the wind as it blew from the holes so I assumed that the holes led to the outside.

I felt that the sun had risen yet I was not sleepy.  I was not feeling the need to be near my resting place as all of my species must do during the day hours. This was the first time that I had not gone back to my resting place since I became aware of who I was. I made a mental note to discuss this issue with Sofia once we returned to the surface after nightfall.  We walked at a downward slope rounding past holes and rocks in the cave.  As we went deeper into the earth I could sense that something was waiting for us farther into the cave.   We walked for some time and I could sense that Sofia was also becoming aware of something else in the cave.  

Ely told both of us to wait near a small alcove for a few minutes.  He quickly gave Sofia a hug and I heard him whisper to her that he would return shortly and that he had a wonderful surprise for her to see.  Ely left us and Sofia and I were alone in the alcove deep within the cave.  Sofia came to me then and slid her arms around me.  She stood at her new height which made our eyes at an even level now.  She bent inward and kissed me as if we had not been around each other for some time.  I returned her passion and I could sense that she was very nervous.

I asked her why she was sad to see her brother.  I could see the tears as they came into her eyes.  I did not sense that she was sad because of something bad but more like she had been away from her family too long.  Sofia spoke very quietly as if she did not wish to disturb anyone.  She said that she had not realized that her brother traveled to this planet.  She said that they had last seen each other a very long time ago when she left their planet to travel to this new world.  I sensed that there was more to why she left her brother then what she was saying but decided that I would allow Sofia to tell me more when she was ready.

Just then Ely arrived back to the alcove.  He was smiling from ear to ear and his joyful behavior was filling the small area in the cave.  Sofia became as joyful as Ely and it was as if Ely and Sofia were speaking to each other but no words were spoken out loud that I could hear.  Ely asked Sofia about me then.  I could sense from Ely that he was happy that his sister had found a mate – but he was holding his judgment about me until we could know each other better.  Sofia told him that they could discuss that issue after he took us to the main cave area.

Ely took his sister’s hand then and he turned to me and asked me to follow them.  We only walked a short way and I could see the cave became lighter as we walked.  I suddenly wondered if I might be making a mistake and stopped.  Ely turned and asked if something was the matter and Sofia whispered something to him that even with my hearing I could not hear.  After a short exchange of words – Sofia turned to me and explained that the light was not coming from the sun and that I did not need to worry.  I trusted her judgment so I waved them on to continue.

As we rounded the last of the hanging rocks I realized what the light was coming from. We came into a very large area.  It was not like we were deep inside the earth but someplace altogether different.  The room was filled with Mica’s.  I could see their beings in their natural state.  The brightness that I sensed was from their glowing bodies floating all around the cave.  As we entered, one by one each of the Micas became human.  Each shimmered and then lowered themselves to their knees.  Sofia almost fainted.  She took a deep breath and leaned heavily upon me. 

I told Ely that Sofia needed to sit down.  Ely picked up his sister and suddenly they were transported to the center of the cave.  I was left standing along the outer edge for only an instant.  Ely returned to me and told me to trust him.  He touched me then.  I felt as if something electric had touched me.  I saw the room fade to a dull gray.  I closed my eyes and suddenly I was standing near the center of the cave next to Sofia.

* * * * *


Chapter 14: 

I lowered myself to Sofia.  She was just coming around.  Her eyes flew open and she smiled.  She was no longer sad.  She was so filled with joy that I could sense the pleasure coming from her.  She allowed me to help her to stand and she turned to face the others in the cave.  They were all still on their knees including her brother Ely.

Sofia had told me after we first meet that she was a queen from her world but those words did not have full meaning to me until I saw all of the beings in the cave on their knees in front of my Sofia, my mate.  Sofia spoke then.  She asked everyone to please stand as they should not be bowing to her any longer.  She told everyone that they are no longer living on their home planet so they did not need to treat her in such a manner.

Instantly the room became alive with chatter.  I could see that some Mica’s were hugging each other.   Some had tears in their eyes. Others were just standing arm in arm.  Ely spoke to everyone then.  He told everyone that his sister had returned to her family and that she needed time to adjust to the fact that so many from her home planet had survived.  The room settled down.  I could see everyone sit down as if they were waiting to hear about how this miracle could have happened.

I also was wondering what had just occurred.  I could sense that Sofia was unaware of all the members of her kind so close to her home.  She did not know about Ely nor did she know that so many of her own species had “survived”.  I wanted to discuss this with Ely but now was not the time.  Sofia took my hand and very loudly announced to the entire cave that she has indeed returned to her lost family and that she had found a mate for herself.  The room cheered.  As ancient as I am I was not accustomed to so much attention and if I could have blushed I would have at that instant. Sofia turned to me and whispered to me that she would explain why it was so important that she tell them that she had chosen a mate later when we were alone.

Ely spoke and told everyone that his sister needed time to rest.  He asked everyone to leave and go about their business and that he would call an assembly later after his sister had some time to adjust to her family again.  In a few minutes the room was cleared out and Ely sat down next to his sister.  They exchanged a hug and once again a few whispered words.  Ely stood and took my hand and said to me that he was glad to have met me and was looking forward to hearing more on how our two species could co-exist together.  Ely left us then.

Sofia rose and took my hand and started to walk toward the rear of the main cave.  It was as if she knew exactly where she was going.  We did not speak but walked hand in hand for a few short minutes.  We walked through a narrow hallway and up a few stairs.  We entered a smaller room.  It was lit with candles. I could see that the room was adorned with chairs, tables and other human needs like a very large bed in the center of the room.  As we entered the room I could see that it was filled with things made from the earth.  The floor was covered in a mossy green rug – as if it was alive. There were pictures on the walls almost alive with their color.  I could smell the scent of the earth in the room and I could smell water.  As I looked around I found the reason I could smell the water.  Along one wall a very small waterfall was running down one side into the ground. It was not filling up the room so I assumed that the water must be pooling then running into another area.

Sofia was just glowing.  Sofia said that the waterfalls that she kept near her home must have been a reflection of this one here in the cave. She never understood why the waterfall held so much meaning until this very moment. She was more alive then I had ever seen her.  She was so filled with joy from finding her family that she almost could not contain her human form.  Her skin was glimmering and I could sense that she wanted to transform into her natural state.  It was as if her inner being needed to blend in with her family and their surroundings.  I was about to tell her to go and spend time with her brother when she reached for me and pressed into my arms.  We fell backward onto the bed and she laughed out loud. 

She kissed me then.  Not like before but with a passion that I had never felt before.  Our kiss was long and hard and as always she took my breath away from me.  I realized then that I had not fed in sometime.  Sofia had found me early this evening at my rising time.  Between the passionate kiss and the feeding that I needed I felt I knew that I would soon have to give into my instincts. Sofia looked into my eyes then.  She told me to take her and feed so that I would be fully sated.  She did not have to ask twice and my teeth dropped and plunged deeply into her neck.

After what seemed like hours I realized that I had drank from my Sofia far longer then I should have. I indeed felt sated.  Her skin was still glowing as my eyes wandered across her bare skin.  She was still resting.  Her eyes were closed and a slight breeze in the room was causing her hair to blow ever so lightly.  I took my hand and traced my fingers along her mouth. I moved down to the curve of her breasts and along the top of her stomach.  Her eyes flew open then.  Her smile greeted me and her kiss was exactly what was on my mind then.  I saw her skin glowing and in an instant she was in her natural form.  I saw that she moved up from the bed to the waterfall that flowed down the cave wall.

She moved into the water and it flowed over her form.  I could see the water as it sparkled and ran down her body. Sofia has some unique markings.  Her skin when in human form is smooth and without any unusual properties.  Yet, when she is in her natural form you can just make out patterns along her skin.  They are slightly darker and the patterns resemble ancient writings. The markings are scrolled in rounded patterns along her back and move up around and across her breasts and stomach. I had not realized just how extraordinary the markings were until I saw her under the waterfall with the candle light reflecting off her skin. It was as if her markings had become more eloquent since she had found her family.

I moved from the bed then and followed her into the waterfall.  The waterfall was not solid as I had originally thought but a deeply reset area in the cave.  Sofia was still in her natural form yet with the water I could see her clearly as if she was in her human form.  

The coolness of the water combined with my sated feeling overwhelmed me at that moment.  I knew that there were still many questions that needed asked and yet at this moment all I wanted to do was to kiss Sofia and allow the water to spill over our bodies for the rest of our existence.

* * * * *


Chapter 15: 

I knew exactly when the sun had set.  Sofia and I had finished our shower and dressed.  We were walking out into the main cave area when her brother Ely greeted us.  Ely was not alone and standing at his side was a very beautiful woman. Ely introduced his mate as Wisteria.  Sofia hugged Wisteria as if they had known each other for many years.

As it turns out that was indeed the case.  Wisteria was Sofia’s best friend from her home planet. Wisteria was not a tall person yet her stature was that of royalty. I could sense that she and Sofia had many things in common yet they were different in many other ways.  Wisteria was swelled full at the waist.  Sofia asked Wisteria when she would be expected to bring her new life into this world.  It turns out that Ely and Wisteria were going to bring their child into this world very soon: no later then the next full moon cycle.

A chill went across my chest at the thought of a child being born and Sofia seemed to also be intrigued with this. When a child is born in my species many things can go badly wrong and the mother and child are always separated not long after the birthing. Ely and Wisteria led us to a smaller area just off the main cave.  It was a rounded room with large pillows on a very green mossy floor.  Ely extended his hand and asked that we sit so that we could continue our conversation from earlier.

Sofia asked the first question.  How did so many of you survive the crashing of the transfer craft?  Ely and Wisteria smiled.  I do not believe that this was the first question they expected to have Sofia ask but Ely had a reply ready.  It seems that when their craft was arriving close to our planet they had some equipment failures.  Sofia and a few others were sent in an escape pod when the craft started to spiral uncontrolled toward our planet.  Sofia saw a large explosion in the sky and had assumed that no one had survived.

Ely explained that once they realized that the craft would not survive they changed into their natural forms and joined with each other in order to shield themselves until they could reach the planet surface.  Sofia’s escape pod somehow had landed on the opposite side of the planet.  No one knew of the other person’s survival until we had stumbled across the cave entrance yesterday.  

Ely was depressed that so much time had passed between them and that they had not found each other sooner.  Seems that when everyone thought that the crafts had been destroyed neither sought the other out.  Since they were not of this world they went into hiding.  Ely and the rest of the craft’s survivors salvaged what they could of the ship and created the cave that we were now in.  Sofia’s ship had landed safely with the few others aboard and they also went into hiding.

Sofia and Ely had many questions for each other and the time passed quickly.  I knew that I needed to feed again and I wanted to check on the horses that we had left outside the cave at daybreak.  I started to stand and Sofia took my hand.  I explained that I wanted to give her time with her family and that I needed to go hunting.  Sofia kissed me and explained that I needed to leave the cave for a while.  I turned to leave and I suddenly knew exactly how to exit the cave.  It was as if Sofia had told me without any spoken words.

Ely stood then also.  He said that he would hunt with me.  This would allow Sofia and Wisteria the time to get reacquainted with each other.  Ely and I walked the distance from the main cave through the narrow tunnels until we came to the cave exit.  I felt the night breeze on my face and saw that the sky was clear and the stars were out in their fullness.  Ely turned his head toward the stars and spoke in a quiet voice.  I could not understand what he said – not that I could not hear him but because he spoke in a language that I did not understand.  After a brief moment Ely turned to me and said that the horses would arrive shortly as they were over the next ridge.  I did not ask how Ely knew the whereabouts of the horses as I had already learned that Sofia somehow could also speak to the horses.

In just a few minutes the horses arrived and to my surprise they were playing and nudging each other.  Ely smiled at them and I just wondered what the joke was about.  Ely and I mounted the horses and we headed off toward my villa near where I might find a herd of deer. I was unsure of how to explain to Ely what would happen once I located the deer but felt that perhaps words would not need to be spoken. 

Ely told me then that Sofia had explained generally what I was and how I needed to feed.  He told me to not be ashamed of what I was or how I needed to survive as all species have their requirements.  Ely explained that he would show me once we came across the deer.  I sensed the deer then as we came around a section of trees.  Ely must have also sensed the deer and he pulled his horse to a stop.  We both dismounted.

Ely did something that I did not expect then.  He shimmered and changed into his natural form. I could see him and yet he was not there.  Only a few seconds passed and he reappeared next to me.  Ely turned back into himself and yet something was different.  I walked closer to him and his scent had changed.  He was different.  I felt that I knew what had happened to him.  Something in my distant memory was triggered.  I was not afraid of Ely but yet I sensed that there was a difference within him.

Ely must have noticed my confusion in that brief minute.  He spoke to me then and what he said would change my world for the rest of my lifetime.  Ely had turned into a Dhampir.  I knew this without having to see him.  I knew this by the way he smelled to me.  I knew this by the way he moved.  I was so overpowered by what just happened that I fell to my knees onto the floor of the forest.  My hands flew to cover my eyes and I stopped breathing.

Ely came to me then and touched me.  His hands were as cold as I knew mine were to Sofia.  His eyes were the bright red that I knew mine would be because of the lack of blood in my body.  I could see that he was trying to comfort me.  I removed my hands and slowly stood up.  I was in shock.  How could this have happened? How could Ely change into another being like me?  I know of only one way that Dhampirs came into this world and yet ….

* * * * *


Chapter 16: 

Ely spoke to me then. “Brother, I am so sorry.  I did not mean to frighten you so.  I only wanted to change into your equal so that you would have a hunting partner and no longer feel ashamed of your species.  Has Sofia not changed for you?  I thought that she had already explained how we can adapt to your needs.”  I remembered then that Sofia had changed for me.  She was taller now.  More suited to my needs.  She could allow my feeding and yet not die or suffer any ill effects.

Somehow all of this was more than I had expected.  To watch Ely change into my species was something that would forever be remembered to me as the turning point in both our species’ lives.  Ely asked me then if I was well enough to continue our hunt.  Ely said he was feeling the desire to hunt as badly now as I was just a few minutes ago.

Our hunt was fast and exhilerating. We both caught several deer and drained them in a matter of minutes.  It was nice to have a hunting partner and I found myself thinking of my other brothers and sister back in the jungle.  

After some time had passed, we both had our fill and were sitting in the meadow watching the horses.  I knew that the mare was one of Ely’s kin since Sofia had already told me this.  What I didn’t know was that my horse had decided that he also needed a mate and the two animals were now paired for life.  It was very relaxing watching the two horses play and chase each other in the meadow.  

It was a good time to talk with Ely about Sofia.  As always with their species Ely somehow knew that I needed to talk.  He was open and friendly with me as I asked my many questions.  I was mostly concerned about Sofia.  I wanted to know why they would send her off in the escape pod before the ship had crashed. Ely said that since she was their queen they wanted to make sure that she did not go down with the ship.  It would be up to her to continue on with their species.  Ely explained that was the reason why Sofia had spoke to all of the people at the assembly and announced to everyone that she had chosen a mate.

It seems that the reason why they left their home planet was because Sofia was being forced into an arranged mating with another species in order to placate a pending fight over their home planet.  Sofia did not like being forced into this issue and many of her family and friends felt there were other options available without giving up their queen to this other race.  So Sofia and her followers left the planet in secret, hoping to find another place where they could live in peace.

As the time passed – Ely and I asked and answered many questions of each other.  It was good to have someone that I could talk with.  I had not wanted to press Sofia about her past as I could sense that she wanted to leave her prior life as something I did not need to know about.

Our horses returned to us and it was time that we left our hunt and return to the cave.  I was concerned about how to handle all of Sofia’s family now that we knew they existed.

Ely and I traveled back to the cave.  It was nearing sunrise once again and neither Sofia nor I had returned home to our villas in two nights.  I did not want our staff to be concerned and send out a search party and find the cave.  I explained this to Ely and he also felt that for appearances we should return back to our homes.

Ely and I found the women still sitting in the same room that we had left them in.  Both were full of smiles and joy upon our return.  Ely shimmered back into his original form and we sat down with the women.

Ely and I explained about our theory about returning home and both women felt that was a good idea.  We had plenty of time to be with each other and discuss what, if anything, we needed to do in the future for both our species. Sofia and I said our goodbyes to our new family.  We left the cave and mounted our horses for our ride home to our villas.

We decided that it would be best to visit Sofia’s home first and make sure that her staff knew she would be staying with me for a while.  After a brief stay at Sofia’s home we traveled to my villa.

It was becoming light and it was time for my rest period.   We left our horses in the barn and greeted my staff.  We explained that we had traveled over night to another town nearby and that was why we were gone overnight.  Sofia and I both agreed it was best to not let them think we had stayed out in the woods overnight.

In the past day many things in both our lives had changed.  Sofia and I were both tired and excited to have had such a change of events to think about.  It was good to be home.  While the cave was a nice place to visit it was always good to be back in your home environment.  

As we laid in each others arms with the sun rising, I had many thoughts on my mind.  It was time that I made Sofia my official mate.  In the old world just having her at my side was enough.  In the modern world many things had to be made public if we were to share our lives together.  I did not wish to discuss this with Sofia just yet as I thought it would be best to give her time to adjust to her new family.  

As I’m from the old world it was important for me to discuss the official mating to Sofia with her brother Ely.  I was not sure what traditions would need to be observed with her people and what this might mean to how Sofia’s people treated her.

But there would be another time to work out these details – in the mean time I could smell the flower scent in Sofia’s hair and I could feel her body next to mine.  Her pleasure and sense of joy was making her skin shine more then normal.  I ran my hand across her cheek and down her arm.  She was the most beautiful creature to me at that moment.  Her lips were moist and greeted me with eagerness.  Her hands touched my chest and I traced my hands down the curve of her waist across her stomach and down to her legs.  As the sun rose for another day we lost ourselves to the pleasure of each others company.

* * * * *


Chapter 17: 

The time passed quickly and we spent most of it with Sofia’s family.  We were all trying to figure out what could be done to help them out and what needed to be done in order to keep them hidden and safe.

Sofia and I had come back to my villa after another long night with her family.  She was tired and yet very excited.  She told me that it was almost time for the birth of her brother’s child.  Wisteria would not be waiting much longer to bring her child into this world.  It was not the first time that a child from their species had been born on this planet but it was the first child to her brother.

Sofia could sense that this news made me sad.  So many times I had been part of births of my species – all of which ended in such tragedies.  I was expecting the same with this birth.  Sofia explained to me that not all births had to be dreadful and that the birth’s of their species was always a magical experience.

I had not spoken to Ely or Sofia about my wish to make her my official mate yet.  So much of our time was spent updating the cave and equipment.  I was trying to lend my scientific knowledge to the repair work as much as possible.  Some of their equipment was broken beyond repair while other pieces were fixable.  Much of the equipment was more advanced then anything I had ever seen.  If Sofia and her people were ever to leave this planet they would need to find a way to repair their ship.

My long life on this planet left me with the financial means to purchase some of the necessary items for repairing the equipment.  I also had many connections within the scientific community and purchasing items that were somewhat experimental was not unusual for me.  The time was drawing nearer to move Ely and the rest of Sofia’s family out of the cave and into more suitable housing.  

Ely and I were out looking at suitable properties and facilities when we received a call from Sofia.  It was time for the baby to arrive into this world.  Ely was very excited and he decided to change into my species in order to make the travel back to his wife more quickly.  We were not far from home but the distance would be traveled faster with my species’ speed and agility.

We arrived at the cave entrance.  You could sense the excitement from within.  I could hear voices as we arrived at the mouth of the cave.  No one was waiting for us – which I thought was unusual.  I expected someone to be waiting for Ely to return and escort him to his wife.  I did not know what to expect and found myself extremely edgy and unsure of what was to happen next.  I was about to leave and return home when Sofia arrived.

Sofia informed me that it was very important that I be part of the birth of her brother’s child.  It was their custom to have the queen and other key family members present to witness the birth.  Since Ely was the second in line to the throne of their planet.  She promised me that I would not be witness to a horrific scene as I was use to in my past.

Sofia led me down the narrow passage of the cave entrance.  The walls of the cave seemed to sparkle more then normal.  I noticed that the water as it slowly dripped down the cave walls was glowing.  The smell within the cave was also different.  I could not find the words to explain this to myself.  Everyone and everything within the cave was expressing themselves as only they could.  We made our way back through the large gathering area.  Many if not all of Sofia’s people were waiting there when we arrived.  Many were greeting Ely and me with such joy.  Ely spoke to many people as we passed through the large area.  We were headed toward the smaller resting caves near the back.

Time seemed to slow the farther into the cave we went.  I noticed this but decided it was something that I was only imagining.  Perhaps my fear of this birth was causing the time to slow.  I was so worried about how Sofia would handle the loss of Wisteria or the baby.  

We arrived at Ely and Wisteria’s resting chambers.  Wisteria was resting in their bed.  Myself, Ely and Sofia were the only ones in her room.  No others were present.  No doctors.  No nurses.  I was becoming very concerned with the potential outcome of this birth.  Always there were midwives present and many others to help with births.

Wisteria expressed her happiness that we had finally arrived.  Ely greeted her with a warm hug and smile.  Sofia asked me to sit in the chair near the rear of the resting chamber.  She asked me to promise to have an open mind.  She kissed me and moved over to sit with Ely and Wisteria on her bed.

It was very quiet now.  I had not noticed before.  Their cave also had a running waterfall near where I was sitting.  The water was flowing down the wall but at an odd pace.  I could see the water yet it seemed not to be moving.  I could hear the water as it splashed into the exit basin but I could not see it as it flowed downward.  The room itself was glowing.  At first I thought this was from Wisteria or Sofia.  Sometimes when they are very excited their bodies put off a strange glow.  I was wrong – this time it was the cave.  It was glowing all along the walls.  Small spots sparkled all along the surface.  If I did not know better I would have guessed the walls were also alive or moving.

Sofia spoke then – she asked Wisteria if she was ready to bring her child into the world.  She spoke very quietly almost beyond my hearing abilities.  Ely and Sofia laid their hands upon Wisteria swollen belly.  I braced myself for the screaming to begin.  I knew at any moment one or both of their lives would be lost.

The room began to shimmer – not just the walls.  Ely, Sofia and Wisteria were transforming into their natural states.  I watched as they grew fainter and more transparent.  Time passed.  I did not know if something had gone wrong.  I had not expected Sofia to be so involved or so near Wisteria during the birth.  I was becoming distraught.  What if something also happened to Sofia?  I was not prepared to lose her.  

Suddenly the room changed.  The water from the waterfall started to tumble at a more natural speed.  The walls of the room started to return back to their gray damp state.  I turned to the people on the bed.  I could see shapes now – but not fully.  Wisteria, Ely and Sofia were returning back to their forms.  As the figures became more solid I could see that Ely was holding something.  

In a matter of minutes Wisteria, Ely and Sofia had returned back to normal.  Ely was holding his son in his hands and the crying of the child was proof that the birth had occurred.  As the sound of the crying child spread through the cave you could hear all the cheers erupting.  I found myself with tears of joy running down my cheeks.  I had never in my long life witnessed such a joyful birth.  I could see that Wisteria was alive.  She was smiling.  Her face was streaked with tears as was Sofia.  Ely sat up from the bed and walked over to me.  In his arms was a crying infant.  Ely asked me to walk with him to the main cave as he wanted me to be by his side as he presented his son to the rest of the families waiting in the gathering area.

We walked the short distance to the main area.  Ely held the child up in the air for all to see.  The room exploded with cheers.  The sudden noise made the child cry once again.  Ely did not say anything when he presented his son.  Words did not seem to be of importance only that the child had arrived and was safe.

We stayed only for a few minutes out in the main area.  Ely asked me to return with him back to the resting chamber.  We found Wisteria and Sofia sitting near the waterfall.  Their laughter filled the air as we returned.  The child in Ely’s hands squirmed as if he knew he was near his mother.  Ely placed the child in his wife’s waiting arms.  Ely asked us to stay with them a while.  Sofia was looking at the child with such loving eyes.  In my heart, I knew now was the time to discuss her marriage to me.  

I asked Ely and Wisteria if they had a name for their child yet.  Both of them including Sofia gave me such a look.  I thought perhaps that I had said or done something wrong.  Then they all laughed at me.  Sofia said that she keeps forgetting that I’m not one of them.  As it turns out their species names are born with them the same time that their bodies are brought into this world.  The child was born with his name and it was known already to everyone except me.  The child’s name was Steven.  I must confess that all of the events that had just occurred were strange to say the least.

I asked Ely if he would walk with me for a few minutes.  He agreed.  We left the cave and went for a stroll along the small stream near the cave entrance.  Ely was quiet as if he knew that I was the one who needed to talk.  I began by congratulating Ely on his son.  Ely touched my shoulder and told me that he wanted me to witness the birth so that all of my past experiences with child birth would become just memories.  He wanted me to see how the birth of a child could occur.  Sofia had explained to him how my species was born into this world and Ely wanted to show me how wonderful births could be.

We sat down on a nearby ledge overlooking a small pond.  There were fish swimming and I could see that a beaver had built a structure to hold the water in.  The night air was fresh and clean just like the cave had been.  The sky was clear and the stars were shining brightly. The sounds of the night creatures were present – I could hear the owl up in the tree and the mouse running under the leaves near a fallen branch. My senses were stronger then ever tonight and I wondered if the events that occurred had somehow changed how I was feeling tonight.

I never expected to be so nervous but after being in this world for so long alone it was taking me a while to ask Ely for his sister’s hand in marriage.  Finally I asked.  Ely was overjoyed.  He hugged me and answered simply “Yes – if she will have you – of course I have no doubt that will happen”.  All of my fears were set aside. Ely asked me if I would enjoy a good hunt and I agreed.  Ely shimmered and we were both off running into the night air.

We returned after some time and entered the cave.  It was time for Sofia and I to leave and return back to my villa.  I thought the hard part of this evening was over after speaking to Ely.  But somewhere deep inside me I had a feeling that tomorrow would be more difficult – as I planned on asking Sofia to marry me.

* * * * *


Chapter 18: 

I woke to find Sofia sitting up in our resting chamber.  She was combing her long hair while looking out the window.  I walked the distance between us and touched her shoulder.  She was smiling at something or someone - I was sure of it.  When I asked what she was so intrigued with she simply said that she was sure that this evening would bring both of them such happiness.  Sofia had already dressed and she had on one of my very favorite dresses.  The dress was blue with lace and ruffles running along the sleeves and neck line.  The front of the dress was drawn tight with a darker blue ribbon that offset the rest of the dress.  Red buttons ran down the back from her shoulders to her waist and I found myself wanting to unbutton each one of them as I had the night before.

I was not hungry as Ely and I had a successful hunt the evening before.  But I wanted to find the right moment and place to ask Sofia for her hand in marriage.  It was as if Sofia was reading my mind.  Sofia asked if we could spend time this evening together with the horses.  She said that Ely and Wisteria needed time to adjust to their new baby and I agreed without any hesitation.

I dressed and we walked down to the stables and to my surprise both of our horses were waiting near their riding equipment.  I should have been getting use to how everyone and everything around me knows in advance what is going to happen but it still caught me off guard.  We got the horses ready and were off in no time.

The ride was nice – at a steady pace.  The trees in the forest were alive with wildlife.  The birds were all nesting and talking at each other.  The smaller animals on the ground were busy searching for their next meal. We talked about lot’s of general things and commented on how the horses seem to have someplace in mind they were heading for.  We rode for a while before we finally came to a stop.  The horses had indeed found a wonderful place to rest.  The night air was tingly tonight.  There was a storm off in the distance and you could see the lightning as it jumped across the night sky.  The air was full of electrical current and my nerves were on edge.  I felt like walking and asked Sofia to take a walk with me.  It was my way of working up the courage to ask her the most important question of my lifetime.

We walked for a short time – exploring the forest.  A storm was rumbling off in the distance and you could smell a hint of rain in the air.  We found a nice resting stop near a large rock.  If my heart could race like a herd of horses then I could explain how I was feeling.  My hair on the back of my neck was standing on edge.  I’m not sure why I felt this way.  Perhaps it was the idea that I had finally found my true soul mate.

Sofia slid her hand in mine and I could no longer wait.  The time was right and I did not feel as nervous as I was just minutes before.  I realized just then that Sofia’s hand was still holding mine.  My eyes met hers.  I saw beauty and wonder in how they sparkled with the reflection of the moon.  I raised her hand to my lips and kiss her gently.  

My words began slowly, “Sofia – my life has changed since I met you.  Everything that was before in my past is no longer worthy of my thoughts.  I have watched you with your people and the love that your species shares with all the living creatures that you come into contact with.  I did not ever think that in my many centuries of life that I would find someone with whom I could be normal: someone who would only see me as their consort and not this foul hideous creature that I exist as.”  I looked into her eyes then. “Sofia I would like to share the rest of my existence with you – would you consent to becoming my mate?”

* * * * *


Chapter 19: 

Ely was resting.  The birth of his son had caused much excitement within their small community.  As it turns out the Armis species find it hard to conceive except on their home planet.  Not many children have been born to them since they had arrived on my planet and some were lost during the birth cycle.  Their species requires a bonding of mother, father and spirit to bring the child into being.  It appears that only a few special people had the skills necessary to call the child into the world.

My Sofia is of royal blood – she is the female heir to their planet and species.  The community speaks of Armis as a living thing and not as a hard rock in space as we think of our planet.  This concept of species co-existing with their planet was difficult for me to comprehend.  Sofia is considered the mother spirit of their planet and to find her in time for Ely and Wisteria’s child to be born was considered to be an omen or prophecy for them.

Time had slipped into that state of flux that I was getting used to.  Sofia accepted my marriage proposal and we sealed our agreement that night with such passion that I will not spend time in this journal to describe to you.  Our love for each other grew with each passing moment.

Ely and I hunted often as the girls were busy attending to the new child and his training.  Each day that Sofia and I had to return to our villa she filled my ears full of how the child was growing and changing.

I could tell that she was depressed by this at times but she would never tell me her thoughts on this matter. While out hunting one day with Ely we had stopped to rest and Ely discussed with me the reason he thought Sofia was upset by the birth of his son.

He knew that Sofia loved his Steven like her own.  When the spirit mother brings the child forth into being they are bonded.  Not the same as the birth mother who carried the child but a blending of all 3 who were present during the birth occurs.  There is much to the Armis species that I did not understand but Ely did his best to make me comprehend such differences.

Ely went on to state that the birth of his son had reminded Sofia that she will most likely never conceive a child.  She is of royal blood and a special bonding of Armis species must occur in order for a child from royal blood to be conceived.  Sofia would not mate with another even to bring a child into her life as she had chosen me to live the last of her days with.

Ely explained that Sofia wanted more then ever to conceive a child from me but understood that a miracle of this level would never occur.

Now that I understood the reason behind my Sofia’s sadness I again saw the ugliness that my species is.  I would give all that I have and my life to give to Sofia her child.

Sofia and I never discussed our date of marriage as it seems that such a ritual was not necessary with her people.  It was enough that she spoke to her community with her brother at her side and stated that she had chosen me as her mate.

I did not tell Sofia that this was not the case with my people.  Never had one of my species taken a mate for long term into their lives.  I was considered to be the ruling leader of my species – even if I was in exile from them at this time.  A ritual would need to occur in front of my elders in order for Sofia to be considered my mate.

I was not worried or consumed by this as exile means that I no longer needed to comply with my species requirements anyway.

* * * * *


Chapter 20: 

Much time has lapsed since I could write in this journal.  I will try and recount most of what has happened to us over the past years.

Sofia and Ely spent much of their time with the community – Sofia had called or summoned her people that survived with her in the escape pod. She requested that they come to the cave site.  Sofia’s spirit was calling them and each came with many stories of how they had survived their time on my planet.  I made many notes on their journeys and someday will take the time to write down this information so that others may keep a record of their time here.

Ely and some of the returning Armis people had been working in secret on something that they had kept from Sofia.  Each day that passed and Ely did not reveal this to Sofia she grew more concerned. I tried my best to comfort her and tell her that Ely would tell her his secret when he believed the time was right.

Sofia was always busy with Wisteria and Steven.  Much effort was being placed on his training.  With Sofia around the community so much the females in their group had started to conceive.  There were many expectant mothers now in the community and Sofia was attending to each of them as their time progressed and their children needed to be brought into being.

One night while Ely and I were out hunting – I had the strangest feeling that someone or something was watching us.  Ely was also aware of this and both of us had stopped in an area where we could see for many miles through the trees.

It had been a long time since a hunter had come looking for me – so long in fact that I had forgotten what it felt like to be hunted.  I had lost my ability to sense such events after being with the Armis people for so long.

As dawn was approaching and Ely and I had to return to the cave a stranger appeared out of the darkness.  He was a hunter.  I was suddenly distracted as this was not an event that I was expecting.  My concern over this hunter’s arrival - and possible others - had me worried about the safety of my Sofia and all the others at the cave.

Most hunters do not travel alone as they come to kill and their success depends upon the numbers that they travel with.  The hunter appeared to be alone which was strange to me.

I did not wish to have harm come to my brother Ely or anyone at the cave – I begged Ely to leave me with the hunter as this was my fight not his.

Ely stood at my side – he said that we were not alone and he had already called for others to come help them.  I did not understand what he was saying as I was focused on the dark creature that stood before us.

I decided if this was my time to fight then I would at least have this foul creatures name so that my wife would know who had killed her mate.

The hunter came forth out of the trees and to our surprise bowed at my feet.  He knelt there for some time as if waiting on my approval for him to rise.  I could have easily destroyed this creature as he had exposed his throat to me.

Ely gave notice to me that we had friends near by and we should allow this creature to rise and tell us of his intentions.

The hunter’s name was Mesquil. He was from my home tribe.  He had come, not to kill me, but to ask that I return to our home village.  He said our species was dying and, since my departure, a change in their habits had occurred.  Many of the elders had died and no young ones had been born from the village women as was custom for my people.  Many of the younger men had decided that I must be found at all costs and returned to the home village to become the leader of our species, as this was my birthright.

Word had traveled that I had somehow found a mate and this had angered some of the remaining elders especially since I was expected to continue my species as their leader.  Mesquil had been dispatched to search for me and informed me of the request to return back to the home of my birth in the jungle.

Mesquil seemed sincere in his request and Ely did not believe that any danger from this creature would occur.  It was near dawn now and I and Mesquil needed to be out of harms way and the coming of the sun soon or we would both perish.

Ely suggested that we take Mesquil back to the cave – I did not like this idea but with limited time before the sun would rise I did not see any other alternative.

* * * * *


Chapter 21: 

We returned to the cave to find Sofia and many of the others in the community waiting for us at the mouth of the cave.  My instinct as her mate was strong – I did not want this foul creature any where near her.  I did not want to take a chance that all of this talk had been a game just to kill me and my mate.

Much to my surprise Sofia came directly to Mesquil and bowed before him.  My royal Sofia submitting herself to this creature was almost more than I could stand.  I was at her side in a split second and was between her and Mesquil.

Sofia placed her hand on my chest and told me that I did not have any reason to be concerned.  She knew that the intent of this man was good and she did not fear anything from him.

He was welcomed into our cave just as the sun rose that day.

Before I continue with this part of my journal I must write to you and state that many details of Mesquil’s travels have been saved.  He has become part of our community now and he and his mate will always be close to us as my brother Ely and Wisteria are now.

I will try and relay to you much of what happened after Mesquil arrived at our community as many of the details are too long to recount and have already been written down by Mesquil for his retelling of his life to his family.

Mesquil told us that it was very important for me to return as soon as possible to our home land.  There was but one elder left alive and his health was failing.  It had taken Mesquil many years to locate me.  He was unsure himself if the elder was still alive as he had not been in contact with our people since he had left to search for me.

Mesquil could sense that something was different with Sofia and her people just as I had done when I met her.  Many of the Armis people spent time with Mesquil trying to explain to him what they are and how they came to be on this planet.  I have been with Sofia’s people for a long time and I still do not have a clear understanding of her people.  It was not fair for me to expect Mesquil to absorb all of this knowledge in a short time period.

Sofia informed me that she believed that the right decision was to travel to my home village and confront this elder.  She wanted to bring along some of her people and she expected Mesquil to return with us in order to validate our statements.

Mesquil had been with us long enough that he experienced how Ely changed to hunt like one of us.  Mesquil had seen with his own eyes how an Armis child is brought into this world and how the mother and child are safe and born without loss of life to either one.

It was a long journey back to my home village.  It was not without concern on my part.  I was the royal heir to my people.  I was expected to fulfill that right and take over when the elder passes.  It was not what I wanted to do nor was it something that I intended on doing once I arrived at the village.  I had my own life with Sofia and the Armis people and I had no thoughts of returning back to my home village and becoming part of that foul life again.

While on our journey Mesquil found what was to be his mate.  She was Armis – her name was Qan.  She was one of the eldest women of the Armis people and had been a loyal royal servant to Sofia’s family.  

She had traveled with us to ensure that Sofia was well cared for as was the custom of their people.  During our journey back to my village Qan and Mesquil found in each other their soul mates.  They were mated and paired off by the time we had reached my village.

* * * * *


Chapter 22: 

How does one return home?  I can not recall how much time had passed since I had left this place.  For the village appeared to be the same.

Much of the structures of the buildings were the same.  Each was deeply hidden in the Amazon jungle.  Lush green plants were wrapped around each of the buildings. Each building was old and made of rock and timber from the jungle.  Large enclosed areas that created lots of dark corners were the main focus of each structure. 

There were hidden caves and stones that when pushed would reveal another area within. Pieces of animal bones were part of the structures and animal hides decorated both the inside and out of each structure.  Ancient paintings were etched on each building in many different scripts. Blood of the animals was used as well as blood from birth mothers. It was a telling of a timeline of our species.  Each elder had been tasked with keeping the story of our lives etched here.  My birth was told as was my exile.

Each century that had passed and each different elder had a unique style in their writings. Some were just symbols while others were worlds and pictures.  I could see from the writings that much time and focus was spent in the search for me.  I could see how many hunters had been dispatched and that none had returned.

I could hear the large animals near the buildings.  I noted to myself that I must take Ely out to hunt one of my favorite animals from the jungle.  Perhaps maybe this time I would make my kill before Ely – since I had the home advantage.

My people were standing waiting for us as we came into the center of the village.  Some of the faces I knew while others were not familiar to me.  I could see that concern was on their faces especially since I did not arrive alone.  With me were close to 100 Armis people.  They had all come to make their story known to our elder and also to ensure my protection as Ely told me later.

Our group was tired.  It was better that I face the elder if he was still alive after I had rested.  One of my oldest friends came forth and approached us.  He bowed as the hunter had and took his fist to his chest as was our greeting.   He told me that a structure was built in the clearing for us and that we should take refuge for the day there.  Food for the Armis was provided and Ely, myself and Mesquil hunted.  I indeed took my kill first and the skin of that animal will be with me always.  

* * * * *


Chapter 23: 

The elder was alive.  I was expected to meet with him when the sun set.

During my exile I did not have any contact with my clan.  I did not know what to expect or even who the elder in charge was at this time.  No one was telling our group anything and even if we felt welcome there was an air of worry among the Armis people and mine.

Mesquil and Ely were with me when I went to meet with our elder.  Mesquil was very insistent that he be at my side.  I thought at the time that this was something of an unusual request as normally the elder does not allow visitors.

As Mesquil, Ely and I entered the dark musty cave I could see the elder as he lay upon his bed.  Fresh leaves were placed over the fire giving off a scent of the jungle. Scattered on his walls were various trophies.  Some were large animal heads, some were giant snake skins.  Torch lights illuminated the small room. Strange writings were all along the wall.  I did not recognize these writings and I could tell by the look on Mesquil’s face that he did not understand their meaning as well.  Ely had yet another look on his face.  I made a note to myself to discuss this with him at a later time.

I bowed as was our custom to our elder and pulled my fist to my chest.  I waited for the response from the elder.  Mesquil did not salute the elder as I expected him to do so.  Instead he was at the elders’ side touching his face with his hands.  This was considered to be a wrongful act in our clans’ customs.  Only direct family would be allowed to be this close to an elder.

Finally, as if on cue the elder raised his hand and gave me the response to my welcome.  I could see that Mesquil was relieved.  It was good to see the elder able to sit up in his bed.  Still to my surprise Mesquil sat so close to the elder. Mesquil spoke first.

Mesquil’s face held a smile. Mesquil started his story by telling me that he wished to apologize to me.  He had been keeping a secret for some time since our first meeting and now he was grateful to be relieved of that burden.

Mesquil was the son of the elder and, as it turns out, also related to me.  Mesquil is a descendant of one of my original family.  A long time ago when it was still allowed this elder mated with a relative from one of my birth family.  The resulting birth child was Mesquil.  While this is difficult to explain he would be considered to be a brother to me.

I could not believe my ears.  I had a brother! I could also see that Mesquil was glad to have this secret told so that all could hear this news.  A brother – but how could this be.  I did not know that the village was still allowing the taking of their women for birthing of our species.  Mesquil explained that this custom has been banned for a very long time.  Mesquil was born as a result of the last mating between the village and my people.  The death of the birth mother who was very close to our current elder caused this custom to be banned.  Our current elder no longer wished for the human mothers to die and he could no longer bear to see a loved one lost to such a barbaric custom.

The resulting effect of this banning of our pairing had radically caused a drop in the number of my species left alive.  Mesquil was not yet ready to be the leader of our clan and he had begged his father to allow the search for my where-a-abouts to begin.  In the time it took for Mesquil to locate me the number of our species had been reduced to the brink of extinction.

Mesquil stated that based on the number of people left in our village and the known count of any others who travel this world, we as a species would be gone from this planet in a short time.

Our elder, Vijay, spoke finally.  He thanked his son for spending his life in search of finding his only known brother.  Vijay was grateful that the search resulted in finding and returning me to our village.

We sat for what only seemed a short time to me telling each other stories.  Food was brought in for Ely many times.  When I became hungry only then did I realize how much time had past.  Ely and I left the cave so that Vijay and Mesquil could spend some time alone.

Our wives were waiting for us outside the cave.  Sofia knew that I must eat soon so we left Ely and his wife alone for a while.  Sofia and I traveled out away from the village so that I could eat and show her the many things that had so much meaning to me.  I showed her the graves of my birth mother and father and the broken down structure that was once their home.  The sounds of the jungle often times scared my wife but she never asked to be returned back to the safety of our village. 

The next night brought to us sad news.  Mesquil informed me that our great elder Vijay was growing weaker and that he feared that his father would not be with us much longer.

Mesquil had a strange request from his father.  He asked that Ely be brought to his home.  Mesquil and I both thought this to be a strange request.  Ely agreed and was taken to the cave of our leader.  Vijay asked to be left alone with Ely and we stood quietly outside the cave while Ely visited with Vijay.

After some time had passed Ely came out of the cave and asked that Mesquil and I be brought into see him right away. 

Vijay told us that the reason he asked to have Ely brought to him was to explain where the writings on the wall came from.  Vijay began having visions some time ago.  This was the original reason why he had given his son his blessing to search for me.  He thought that he might be going mad with age and felt that I needed to be found in case his life was ending.

Many times the visions would come to Vijay and they would last for several days.  He would always awaken with additional writings on the walls.  Each time he felt that he was getting closer to meaning the of the words but each time when he awoke he had no memory of the dreams, only the strange language was left on the walls.

Vijay did not know why the words were coming to him only that they were important and that I should be found right away.

The words had some meaning to Ely but he did not understand all of them.  He could make out references to Armis and dangers happening to the planet but most of the language was lost to him.  Ely felt that the only way to finish the message was to use Sofia as a messenger and have her meld with Vijay to complete the last of the message.

This was not something that Ely knew I would be happy about.  I only knew that Sofia would have to meld with another man.  I understood this was my elders request and yet the meaning of this request weighed heavy on my heart.

* * * * *


Chapter 24: 

Ely and I stood quietly.  Ely knew that my heart was heavy with the request of my elder.  My Sofia would need to meld with our leader in order to complete the message that was being given to him in dreams.

Ely felt that the message was of a high concern.  I found it odd that Ely could not in words tell me the meaning of the message that my leader was receiving.  It was as if Ely knew more then he was telling me.  I had not known of any secrets from Ely or Sofia since the time of our first meeting so I was becoming concerned about Ely’s strange behavior.

Ely asked if we could both speak to Sofia very soon as he felt that our leader did not have much time left in this world.

Some days passed as Ely and our leader tried to translate and understand the writings on the wall.  Ely had not pressed me any further to allow Sofia to meld with Vijay.  I had not yet made the decision to allow Sofia to do this and Ely understood that unless I gave my blessing Sofia would not submit to such a procedure.

Sofia as like other times before had a feeling that both Ely and I were keeping something from her – only to protect her.  It was time that I told Sofia of the request of Vijay.

I did not find this to be a simple task and yet Sofia was not afraid to submit to this procedure.  She also believed that the message was of such importance that she must do as requested by Vijay.

The night was chosen for their melding and a few people were asked to take part in this melding.  Sofia needed her brother present as a safety net in case she might need help returning back to her earthly form.

Our leader Vijay was showing all the signs of his death coming soon.  We all understood that this melding procedure would most likely take all the remaining strength that Vijay had left to offer.

We entered the cave of our once strong leader.  Vijay was sitting up in his bed.  He was ready and my Sofia had prepared all the previous night for this melding.  It would be Ely, Sofia and Vijay who would be melded together.

It is difficult for me to write in words how this process takes place.  I will try and relay to you how and what happened on this night.

Sofia, Ely and Vijay sat on his bed.  They held hands and a soft humming sound began.  I could not tell which of the three was responsible for the sound as it seemed to be coming from all three of them yet only a single sound was heard.

As time passed the sound grew steady and the appearance of the three began to fade.  I had seen this happen before when Sofia had to help bring their off spring into this world.  I understood that this was an extremely personal experience and that once they had faded to a thin vale that the three of them would be joined in what Sofia called their body and sprit.

I watched as their bodies became the thin vapor and knew that time would now pass while the three of them would meld together.

Was it a day or more? I did not know.  I stood in silence along the back of the cave with Vijay’s son.  We both were there and waiting for the three people that we loved to return back to this earthly world.

Ely arrived back to normal first and stepped away from the other two.  He did not seem tired as I had expected.  He removed himself from the vapor and walked to greet us.  

He told us they had reached Vijay and that the message was being delivered to Sofia as we spoke.  Both should be returning soon as Vijay would not be able to continue much longer.  I understood what Ely was saying but I’m not sure if Mesquil fully understood this message.

Ely went back to the bed just as I could see my Sofia returning to her natural form.  Sofia fell into Ely’s arms and I was at their side in an instant.  Sofia was tired but her eyes told me that she was pleased with her melding.

We watched as Vijay’s body slowly returned to normal.  Sofia was able to take his hand now as they both had become solid once again.

Vijay asked for his son to come to him. I watched as Mesquil took his fathers hand and the flesh slowly began to fade away.  I could see the bones of Vijay’s hand in Mesquils until at last our Elder gave one last greeting to all of us – smiled with sad eyes and slowly faded away into ash.  

We stood for some time in the cave that was once our great Elder’s.  No words were spoken as was the custom of my people.  Ely, Sofia and I left so that we could give Mesquil some time to find his thoughts.  We would need to inform the rest of the village of the passing of our Elder and my friend.

* * * * *


Chapter 25: 

We enjoyed the festivities of the night from my clan.  Good allies were made as we mourned the passing of a proud leader of my species.  The induction ceremony that made me the leader of my people was an event that I will not soon forget.

Never have I felt such love and admiration from my people.  There are many who did not believe in the forced exile that I had to endure these many years.  I never dreamed that I still had so many friends here.

During one night while many of the Armis and my people were dancing and enjoying themselves Ely stated that he must talk with Sofia and me.

Ely had been in contact with the Armis people for most of the time during our travel to my village and after we arrived.  After Ely had visited with our leader Vijay he started showing signs of secretiveness that had Sofia and I worried. 

Ely was very tired and this was not something that I was use to seeing in his people.  Ely showed signs of concern and confusion.

Vijay, Ely and Sofia shared a secret. No words had been spoken of their melding. I knew that I would be informed what was in the message that Vijay gave his life to tell them.

The secret was the writing that was all over the walls of the cave of our elder.  I remembered that Ely had an odd expression on his face when he first came into the cave but I did not understand why. The writings on the wall were a warning or telling of the future.  It was written in the language of the Armis people.  A long lost language that only Sofia and Ely would understand or be able to translate.  Our Elder had been given a vision of these words and with the melding of the three of them it was fully understood.

The Armis home planet was in grave danger.  It was being destroyed by another race of people.  Sofia could only explain to me that Armis is a planet like no other.  It is part of its people and all the life on the planet must live in harmony or each would suffer and perish.  The race that had come to the planet did not understand the symbiotic structure of the people and the planet and now both were crying out for help.  This new ruling race was the reason why Ely and Sofia had fled the planet so long ago.

Ely told both Sofia and I that he had been working on something of great importance with some of the other Armis people.  It turns out they were trying to repair some of the ship parts that were salvaged from the original craft that had carried the Armis people to my planet.  Ely felt strongly that some of the equipment might be of good use to them.  

* * * * *


Chapter 26: 

I did not fully understand what Ely was saying and Sofia somehow sensed that.  Ely was trying to repair the ship so that the remaining Armis people could return home and try and save their planet from certain death.

This idea was extremely upsetting to me.  I did not want my Sofia to leave and I did not understand how this could happen.  It was my understanding from what Sofia and Ely told me that many years were needed in order to travel through space to arrive at Armis.  

I could not comprehend what this would entail.  Sofia saw in me the anger and frustration that was due to my lack of knowledge.  I have known for some time that the Armis people were far more advanced than our planet and our races but until now this was not something that would have given me reason to be afraid.

We had not yet left my village deep in the jungle.  Yet we could no longer wait as the message was a clear warning that the Armis people had to find a way back as soon as possible.  It would take us some time to travel back to our home and the cave of the hidden Armis people and their broken ship.

We informed everyone at the village of our need to return home.  Mesquil knew that we had fully translated the message that his father had been given. He had a right to know.  Especially since Mesquil’s mate was of the Armis people, he had to make the same choice that was heavy in my own heart. Would we choose to stay in the jungle with our people or travel home with us to be with his mate?  I did not know how long it would take to repair their ship.  I did not know how much time I had left with my Sofia.

While we were packing and getting ready to leave, Sofia and Ely came to me with a request that would forever change my life.

Sofia and Ely had an understanding of my people along with many other species on this planet.  Many of the mated pairs were of mixed races.  Sofia knew that many of her Armis had transformed into their mates species.  She knew that no one wanted to leave the other on this planet.  It would be agreed and accepted that any and all who wished to travel with the Armis people to their home planet would be able to do so.

The ship if repairable was large enough to take everyone.  Many of the Armis people who originally traveled here had died when the ship crashed into the planet.  With this loss during the early years and the fewer than expected births, everyone felt that the ship could accommodate all that wished to be with their mates. 

Sofia asked that I inform my people.  She said we would perish as a race if we did choose to stay here in the jungle.  She told me that while we had stayed in the village many of her people and mine had found their mates.  She had such a smile on her face to tell me something that I was not aware of.  I had no idea that so many of my people had taken the time to bond with her people.  She simply stated that each must find their true soul mate and each understood that the survival of each species was dependant upon their bonding.

So it was discussed with my remaining brothers and sisters.  They were all informed and told that should they decided to travel back with us to the ship that a place would be available for them and their mates within the ship if it was repairable.

Word was sent out to the Armis people that we would be departing my home.  Mesquil sent word out to all that remained of our people.  He hoped that we had enough time to reach everyone.  Many of the mated pairs of our people and the Armis asked to be dispatched around the planet so that each may find others of their kind and give them the choice to travel home.

We left my village some days later.  It was decided that we would travel as quickly and safely as possible and this would mean that my people would need to be held under cover in order to travel by day as well as by night.  Sofia and Ely rented a shipping boat and all our people and belongs boarded the ship for our home.

I was not upset with these travel arrangements as this would give me and my Sofia time to be as one.  We had not had much time as a couple since we had traveled to my home village.  Since the passing of my elder, and the message translation, so much work was put into getting us home that we hardly spent any time with each other alone.

One beautiful night Sofia and I were walking along the top deck of the ship.  The moon was full and the stars were twinkling through the light clouds.  I was always touched by how the moon made my Sofia’s skin glow.  This night she was wearing a stunning red dress.  Along the sleeves was a white lace.  The front of the dress had a cross mark of the lace that went down between her breasts and along her waist.  I could hear the dress as it slid along the metal decking of the ship.  It was a little chilly and I had taken my jacket off and placed it around her arms to keep the night air off.

We had stopped to sit near the front of the boat.  Each of us was staring up at the sky. Sofia turned to me and told me that she could no longer keep a secret from me and felt that now was the time to tell me something.

She and Ely had kept a secret from me during our time at the village.  Sofia told me that never in her recorded history had an Armis person melded with anyone except one of their own.  It was something that had been forbidden for all the time she was aware of.  When my elder had asked Ely this request it was something that had not been spoken of since before Sofia’s birth on her planet.  Only a limited few of the Armis people had ever spoken of a melding of other races with the Armis.

It was this secret that she was now telling me.  She and Ely felt that the message and the knowledge of such melding that had been told to my elder made the importance of this procedure to be held above all myth or fear she or her people might have. 

Sofia had asked Ely to be present because she had no idea if the melding would work or if she would survive such a procedure with another species.  They had decided it was best not to inform me as both knew that I would forbid the melding process if I was aware of the grave danger she was in.  Sofia wanted Ely to be there in case she had not returned so that I might have someone with me should she die during the process.

I let Sofia take a breath as I did not know what to say to her.  It was the first time that I was aware of that she had held a secret from me.  I was unsure if there was something that I should say to her.

She turned her face to me and took my hand in hers.  She told me that she was sorry that they had withheld such information from me but she did this because of the great importance that the process held for our elder and her people.

She told me that she would never have agreed to the process but that the writings on the wall were telling of the instructions of the melding of the two species as if this knowledge was being told to my elder as a gift from her planet.  She and Ely felt that while the risk for loss of life was high the instructions were specific enough that each felt the risk was worth taking given the grave nature of the requirement for the melding process.

When Sofia was done with her telling of the secret, she looked to me for a response.  I stood and turned toward the railing of the boat.  I could hear the waves as they brushed back and forth across the metal boat.  Somewhere close to the boat a pair of dolphins swam.  The sound the dolphins reminded me of how many species of life lived on this planet - and how many more must also live on Sofia’s.

I turned back to Sofia and held out my arms for her.  She came to me without any hesitation.

* * * * *


Chapter 27: 

The boat arrived at our home very near where the hidden cave was located.  It took several days to move all of the people and belongs to a safe place near the cave.  The entire group had decided that it would be best to house everyone at a safe location so that no one from the local village would notice all of the activities around the forest.

I purchased several large apartment complexes and warehouses near the village. Our guests from my village and many of the Armis people took up residence at the new housing.  People were chosen to help any new comers adjust and get settled in.  

Many people arrived in the following months.  Some from far away places I had not heard of.  Sofia was confident that all of her remaining family had now returned.  Since I did not know the exact numbers of my species I could not tell if all had returned or not.

We were at the cave one night: me, Sofia and a few others.  We were resting and enjoying story telling.  So many new friends had arrived and along with them their stories of their lives. Ely came into the main cave area.  He was very upset.  He held a paper in his hand.  He came straight to me and Sofia. Sofia stood and took the note from her brother, read it and almost fainted.  I had to take her arm to keep her from falling down.  This affected the entire group of families that were present.

The note that Ely had brought was from their home planet; they had received a message from the newly repaired transmitter. A warning proximity beacon had activated showing pending arrival of a ship from Armis. 

News of the pending arrival of a ship from the Armis home planet caused many people to become upset. Would it be friend or foe?  What will happen when they arrive here on this planet? Will they be searching for Sofia and Ely? It took all of the combined strength of Sofia and Ely to calm the group enough so they could all discuss what if anything could be done should the ship bring with it the enemy of Sofia’s Armis people.

The warning beacon did not give a time, only that a ship was close to arrival.  Since all of the Armis ships had tracking beacons the ship that was buried deep within this cave would be activated and transmit its location once the other ship came close enough.  No one had thought that this part of the ship should be de-activated or turned off since no one dreamed that another ship would come to this planet.

When they originally fled their home planet, Ely and Sofia did not tell anyone – even those who agreed to come with them where they were going.  They did not know themselves as they left in such a hurry that they turned into space and let fate take them where it would.

How could another Armis ship find them?  It was not possible – Old Earth was very far away from Armis – both Sofia and Ely had told me that many years were needed to travel between the two planets.

There was no time to waste.  Everyone decided that most likely the ship carried the people whom everyone feared the most.  It was not unlike my species when they had sent out hunters to search for me.  Ely and Sofia were considered to be traitors from their planet.  The ship could carry hunters searching for their planet’s queen and her brother.

Guards were posted at the ship’s equipment and transmitter station around the clock.  Efforts were doubled to continue the repairs of the ship that lay beneath the cave.  Thanks to my funds and years of knowledge in the scientific community, most of the ship was repairable.  There were items that this planet could not offer so some things could not be repaired.  Ely and Sofia kept assuring me that what was not fixed would not hinder their departure should they need to leave in a hurry.

Time went very quickly.  No further communications had been received and yet the thought of the other ship’s arrival was heavy on everyone’s mind.

One night Sofia and I were out in the forest walking after I had finished my last hunt for the night.  It was clear and the stars were glowing as if you could reach your hand up and touch them.  Once again, Sofia and I had not had much time to be alone in months; so much of her time was needed to supervise the repair work.  

Sofia had also been busy helping bring all of the new children into this world. But by this time all of the expecting women had delivered and no one else was heavy with child.  Sofia told me that it is the way of their people to bring their children into the world prior to space travel.

Sofia and I set on the blanket and stared out into space.  I could see the reflection of the stars in her eyes.  She was not glowing as she had been several months ago.  She was always light skinned but lately even her odd markings were not showing up under the waterfalls as they had.  It was as if she was ailing in some fashion. I tried to discuss her health on several occasions but she always told me that she would be fine and just needed to rest.

While we were laying there watching the night sky and the clouds drifting across the moon I noticed something.  Sofia must have noticed the same thing as she set up on the blanket and turned to the West.  She sat very still for a few seconds then stood up.  She grabbed my hand and told me we had to return to the cave quickly.

I picked her up and without further thought raced to the cave.  Ely was waiting along with several others just outside the mouth of the cave.  Ely had a different look upon his face.  I could not tell if he was happy or sad, just that he was aware of something.

Ely said that another communication had started.  Sofia told me and Ely that she was sure that the other ship was orbiting the planet at that instant.  She had seen something in the night sky.  She had also felt something.  She later explained to me that her insides became alive as if a piece of the planet called to her that night.

I was expecting this to be bad news but it was not.  The communication from the other ship stated that it was some of the royal family and a search party looking for Sofia and Ely.  They were not the enemy but part of the group of Armis people who only wanted the safe return of their queen and her brother.  They had been searching for many years for them and had come close enough to our solar system that each ship had “called” each other.

As with many other Armis devices it seems that both ships are like a mated pair and each is part of the other.  Only the royal family has such ships and only the royal family can enter and be part of the ship.  If any other person tried to attack or harm the ship it would set off its own defense systems.

There could be no doubt that the ship orbiting the planet was friend and not foe.

The time had arrived.  I would be leaving this planet soon for somewhere in space.  This journey would take many long years and I did not fully understand how this time travel would take place.  Would we still need the ship that was beneath the cave or could we use the ship that now was orbiting my planet?

Sofia and Ely felt that they needed to be near the communication transmitter; it was as if the ship was calling them and it was their duty to be touching the device.  I still had my doubts and suspected that there could be someone aboard this new ship that wanted to cause harm to my Sofia.  It was my nature to assume danger as I had spent so many years in exile while being hunted.

Sofia and Ely each placed their hands on the panel that was attached to the transmitter.  It was something that I had never seen before.  Their hands both molded into the equipment as if the ship and the two of them were one being.  It was obviously not painful as the expressions on their faces was nothing but joyful. There were no spoken words, and yet their hands stayed inside the equipment for a long while.  As the timed passed I became worried that maybe this was all a trick to somehow capture them.

Finally, they both removed their hands and came to sit next to me.  Both of them seemed relieved and each had a smile across their face as if all of the past months of worry were gone.

The ship carried repair parts and many of the rest of the royal family from Armis.  The ship orbiting the planet would be able to carry many of the people here but not all.  However, the ship that was buried within the cave could be repaired using the spare parts from the other ship.  Sofia explained that since each ship was part of the other, each understood what was needed to fix the damage and the parts would be created for that purpose.  It was yet another of those mysteries that I would some day understand but for now it was enough for me to comprehend that all those who now wished to leave this planet could either travel in the new ship in orbit or within the old ship inside the cave.

* * * * *


Chapter 28: 

What do you take when you leave your home? I was not the type of species that lived in once place very long.  Yet I had belongings that I should consider if they were to be brought with us.  There was limited space on the ship so each person was given a ratio of space for their personal effects. 

Sofia, Ely and I went out to a safe location one evening to finally meet the group from the orbiting ship.  All of us were excited yet nervous to meet these strangers.  Sofia explained that each of the “mother” ships carried a smaller transporter ship used for moving between the main ship and the planet.  This would be how our people and all of their belongs would be transported.

As the time of the ships arrival approached I was worried that the local village would see the strange ship and cause an issue. As always this would not be the case.  I did not see the ship arrive.  I felt the change in the electrical current around me and I could feel the air movement but my eyes did not see the ship land.  I only felt Sofia’s hand as it squeezed mine and her words that she whispered in my ear stating that they had landed.

My ears did not hear the ship nor did my eyes see any light coming from the ship.  I was aware of something that changed near us and it set me on alert.  I was in protection mode as my senses could tell someone was close by.  Then they appeared. They were just a mist milky thin cloud that was not all the way sure it wanted to be a cloud.  The visitors became more solid as each minute passed.  Soon there were several Armis people kneeling in front of Sofia and Ely.

Sofia and Ely asked the strangers to rise.  Sofia and Ely hugged each one and then turned to introduce me as her mate.  The strangers greeted me in the same fashion as their Queen. Sofia was pleased to speak to the visitors from the ship.  They were indeed from the royal family.  They were not related in blood to her but were what we would have called “slaves” or “servants” to the royal family.  They were trusted with the task of keeping any and all of the royal family safe and well cared for.  

We escorted the newly found friends to our cave.  Their ship carried all of the repair parts that we needed to complete the final preparations on our ship.  I still was not sure how all of this traveling was to occur.  How would we be able to take all of the Armis people along with what remained of my species and get them either on the ship within the cave or transport them up to the mother ship that was orbiting our planet?  There were many such questions that I had formulated in my head.

The repairs on the ship within the cave continued for more then another month.  The ship was not in as good of shape as Sofia had led me to believe.  The repairs were taking time because some of the spare parts had to be retrofitted to our older model ship.  The area around the ship had to be cleared away without causing structural damage to the cave surrounding it. Sofia explained to me that the ship that lay far beneath the surface would not need to break through the ground.  The ship would hover for a period of time in the cleared space and then rematerialize up in orbit.  This way no one on the planet would be alarmed by seeing a ship explode up from the ground and sail up into the air.  All of this technology would take some getting use to.

Sofia and I finally had some time to ourselves.  We would often take the horses for a ride out into the forest so that we could be alone.  It was nice to be able to have Sofia to myself only.  She was so busy with the ship’s requirements that we had not had time to share our love together.

One night was going to be special for us as we both knew that in a short time we would be leaving this planet.  I noticed that our horses were playing in the field near our home.  I found out that we would be allowed space to bring them with us to the new world.  Sofia explained that since one of the horses was a true Armis that we could not leave them behind.  I had also found out that our horses were considered to be mated now and that the Armis mare was carrying a baby.  It was news to everyone that the two were able to breed and create a child.  It was not something that had ever occurred.  

Ely had discussed this with me such a long time ago when his son was born.  Sofia understood at that time that she would never hold a child of her own because she would not choose a true Armis as her mate now that she had chosen me.

The news of the pending arrival of the baby horse gave new-found hope for the Armis people.  We would be taking other animals with us in the ship because some of the Armis wanted to change into those species so that new life would come with our ship to the new world. 

Sofia and I sat on the blanket near our favorite stream in the forest.  The night was chilly as the months had turned from summer into fall.  Soon there would be snow on the ground.  It was hoped that the repair of the ship would be completed before the first snowfall of the season.

Sofia had packed up most of her clothes but this night she was wearing a soft white dress with blue and red stripes that were wrapped around the waist and arms. A silk ribbon was used as the shoulder strap and the dress was so long that it had draped over the side of the horse as we rode here.  Sofia had her hair down using a flower reed to pull her bangs to the side of her face.  

Over the past months I had noticed how tired she had looked but not this particular night.  She sparkled as much as I could remember she ever did.  I had taken care not to drink from her life force for many months as I knew that she needed her strength to attend to her family. This night, however, was a night for me to drink from her.  I had already planned on allowing myself this one thing before we left on our journey.  I feared the time that I would be in the ship and what the effect of this journey may have on my kind.  Sofia did not seem to be concerned and kept telling me that when we were ready to board the ship she would explain all of this to me.

But not this night – this would be our night together.  We had chosen this place in the forest because we knew we could be alone for the entire night and no one would bother us.  We could have traveled to one of our villas but neither of us thought that to be a good idea.  No – it was important to both of us that we share our time together out in the wild.

I sat watching Sofia stare up at the night sky and could not help but reach up to touch her face.  Her skin reflected the stars and moon.  I could see her markings more clearly as they crossed along her neck and arms.  The thought then occurred to me that perhaps all of the other markings that Sofia carried on her body would also be visible to me this night.  

Sofia turned her face to me and smiled.  Again I had the feeling that she read my mind.  She stood up and pulled me up with her.  She kissed me.  I felt her arms go around my back and I did the same to her.  I could feel the rush of power as we kissed.  I heard an owl up high in the trees and the frogs in the water near by. 

Sofia asked me if I trusted her completely.  There should not have been any doubt.  My need for her was showing and I’m sure she could feel that since I was pressed so close to her.  Somehow my shirt had gotten unbuttoned and her dress was untied and pulled down slightly below her shoulders.

Our mouths were joined and I could taste her as if she and I had never kissed before.  Then something happened that is most difficult to explain in words.  I felt the need to drink from her at that moment and yet I did not want to spoil our time together by placing my teeth deep within her skin.  The desire to taste her blood grew as if it would consume me at any moment.

I felt the air around us change.  There was a soft glimmer of light all around us. I sensed that our clothes had some how been removed and we were standing naked in the circle of light.  Sofia pulled away from our kiss and looked at me for a brief moment and we both started to fade away.  I still held her body and could feel her skin and yet we were no longer solid.  My body was feeding like I had placed my teeth over her skin somewhere.  I could feel the blood as it entered my body and yet I was staring eye to eye with my Sofia.  I had not moved and yet the blood was filling my body as each second passed. 

Our night was spent together in this translucent state for many hours and when we finally could no longer take our passion we rematerialized as solid beings wrapped up in the blanket still naked in the forest.  It was near dawn and we managed to locate our clothes, which had been scattered all across the clearing.  

Some of the clothing was not wearable any longer but enough existed in whole pieces that I could dress my Sofia.  I was left with only my pants as all of the rest of my clothes had been torn to shreds.  We laughed out loud and decided that perhaps we should have taken our clothes off before she melded us together.

* * * * *


Chapter 29: 

The day finally arrived.  The months of preparations were complete. Ely and the rest of the families had readied the ship for our travel to Armis. Ely and the other leaders spent much time trying to locate all of the remaining Armis species that live on my planet to ensure each had a way to return home should they desire that choice. 

Sofia and Ely had informed me about the way that this long flight would be possible.  They had a device called a Kyro tube.  Within this device a vapor wraps around you and within your body.  Your body slows and changes into a deep existence.  It is like sleeping but your body does not age or change during this time.  This would allow us to travel for many years and not change or feel any of the effects of the space travel.

Supplies had been loaded and all those who wished to return to Armis had arrived and were placed in their Kyro tubes for the flight home.  Many of my own species showed up;  some of them came alone and others found mates among the Armis as I did with my Sofia. Some of the people had departed for the orbiting ship the night before and many more were scheduled to leave on the transport shuttle each hour.

Sofia, myself, Ely and his family along with some of the other royal servants were to take the ship that lay buried deep within the cave.  Ely said that he had come to believe that this ship was home to him and he wished to leave this planet in the care of something that had taken care of him and most of the rest of the Armis people for so long. The Armis believed that all things, including their ship, were somehow connected to one another and no one wanted to be departed from this ship.

As Sofia and I along with the rest of her family boarded our craft to return to Armis I was overwhelmed by the thought of the many magnificent adventures that undoubtedly  awaited us when we arrived on Armis. With the planet in chaos and the possibility of its destruction so near we were fearful for all the other creatures that lived there. Our initial understanding of the health of the planet was uncovered by interpretations of the writings on the walls of my elder’s cave but much new information came from the new ship.

Many of those writings stated that Armis grew weaker each day since Sofia and Ely departed with the rest of their royal blood line.  The species that took over the planet and enslaved most of its species had drained the planet of most of its life force.  The friends that arrived only months before had told us that each day something caused the planet or one of its species to suffer.  Many areas of the Armis planet could no longer sustain life and some species had already died out.

The only option to Sofia and Ely was to return home as fast as possible to try and save their home planet. Our fight with the invading species on Armis was to be the true test of Sofia’s leadership as well as the survival of the all other species left alive on the planet.

Ely, Wisteria and Steven had already been placed into their Kyro tubes and Sofia had checked to ensure that they would be safely asleep while we made our journey to their home planet. The many years that it takes to reach Armis, even with their extraordinary spacecraft, is something that I must confess worried me.  Never had someone of my species had to endure such a long time without feeding.   Sofia was confident that the state that the Kryo tubes place our bodies in would ensure I did not suffer during our long space travel.

Sofia and I returned to our chamber on the ship.  Everything was ready.  The ship had been checked and rechecked.  The awaking schedules for the various crew members had been double checked by Sofia to ensure that the trip home to Armis was carefully monitored.

Sofia had been somewhat distracted – more than usual – the past few days as we prepared for our departure. As we prepared to join our families in sleep, Sofia appeared to shimmer even more.  Her sparkle was back.  Our night in the meadow only a few short days before had helped bring her life force back. As we lay down in our tube she smiled and kissed me.  She was so much a part of my life at that moment, I could not ever fathom life without her.

I kissed my wife, my Sofia, and wrapped my arms around her.  Sofia announced she wished to tell me something of great importance as the lid to our tube slowly closed.  She told me that the change in her health was caused by our night together in the meadow. I had no idea what she might be trying to tell me.  I was already getting groggy as the Kryo tube was being filled with our sleep vapor.  Sofia rolled next to me and whispered to me that I’m to become a father.

As my eyes closed my last thoughts were of my wife and soon to be born child that had been conceived against all possible odds.

* * * * *


Chapter 30: 

As I stand and watch the 3 moons of Armis slowly move down to the horizon – I’m still in awe of the coming of the sun each day. Today is special, like all days now, when I can watch the sun rise without fear of the effect of its rays on my body.  

My mate is resting this morning as she was up late attending to her realm this past day and night.  Her arrival back to her home planet has been received with much enthusiasm but it is all extremely tiresome on my sweet Sofia.  As the queen of Armis, her duties will always keep her busy with the welfare of our planet.

I can hear sounds coming from our other room. Our son, Zenyth is awaking from his slumber. The birth of our son has brought more happiness into our lives then we could have ever expected.  His birth gave our home planet, Armis, new life and as it turned out he was blessed with gifts beyond our expectations.

I go now to hold my son in my arms and together we will watch the sun rise this morning.  I no longer fear holding a human child in my arms, now that my heart beats strong and sure like all other human fathers would.

I open the door to our son’s room and the first thing I see is the black leopard skin proudly displayed on the wall. It is from an animal that was killed the first night I had returned to my home in the jungle.  It was now my son’s gift so that he would always know of his heritage and where his father came from.

I arrive in our son’s room only to find that yet again another miracle has occurred; he stands – even after only a few short weeks since his birth. I can smell his warm sweet scent and feel his heart beating strong and sure, filling my heart with such euphoria that leaves me wordless to describe.

I carry Zenyth outside to watch the sun rise – only to find Sofia waiting for both of us in our favorite chairs by the shore line of the great liquid gold lake near our home.  I hand my son to my mate and together we will watch the sun rise over Armis with great hopes that this day and our future will be always blessed as this day is for us now.

I can see off in the distance the giant dragon, Alamight, who is our planet’s protector.  You can not yet see the beauty of her body as the sun must touch her scales to bring her magnificence into view.  I am witness to her greatness each day as she is so much a part of our lives on this planet now.  When the great sun touches her scales you can see the gold, green and blue hues that are her clothing.  Her eyes glow red as emeralds and sparkle as if diamonds are held inside her iris.  Her squadron of dragons slowly rides the night current as it gives way to the morning light.

Her mate and rider is Ely and Wisteria’s son, Steven. Steven’s long journey to the planet of Algamo in search of the great voice that was calling to him led him to the stone cavern in which the egg of Alamight was forever imprisoned by a witch. I make a note to myself that Steven and Alamight’s story is so unique and filled with such adventure that I will endeavor to place that story into another journal someday.

It is time for me to allow Sofia and Zenyth to be alone.  I must continue with my journals and write down the words as they are still fresh in my head. So much has occurred since we boarded our ship and it departed the old world.  I feel I must write everything down so that Zenyth will have all of the events of our lives in great detail.

I hear Sofia just then: “There will be time for writing later my mate.” Sofia can always read my mind now. “Come sit with your son and watch the sun rise on our new home.”
