RAISING AVON
The Battle for Zarcon
Book 1

By
REBEKAH SHELTON
****
Published By:
Rebekah Shelton on Smashwords Copyright 2014
[Revised May 2018]

Other Books by Rebekah Shelton
The Battle for Zarcon Saga:
Raising Avon [Free]
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Co-Authored with Jeffery Shelton:
Operation De-ICE [The Battle for Earth]

The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series:
Emerald Eyes [Free]
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign
Emerald Anarchy
Book 11 (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles:
Red Wolf [Free]
Red Palace
Red Widow


Cover by SelfPubBookCovers.com/Shardel

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite online retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is based entirely on fiction, and its storyline derived solely from the imagination of its author.  Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, places, events or locales is entirely coincidental.  No part of this publication may be copied, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy or otherwise without the express written permission of the author or author's agent. 


Table of Contents

Chapter 1 - Raising Star
Chapter 2 - How Fast We Fall
Chapter 3 - Another Fall from Grace
Chapter 4 - Let the Games Begin
Chapter 5 - A Change in Command
Chapter 6 - Out of Uniform
Chapter 7 - Weapons Training
Chapter 8 - Lady's Choice
Chapter 9 - Battle Bruises 
Chapter 10 - Bivouac
Chapter 11 - Super Soldier
Chapter 12 - Kill or Be Killed 
Chapter 13 - Honor-Bound
Chapter 14 - Who Am I?
Epilogue
More about the Author

Chapter 1 - Rising Star

Captain Jeremy Hanson could not believe just how much his luck had changed and for the worse.  He had thought himself to be a rising star in the Intergalactic Command Exchange and looking into the mirror he could only see his career plummeting lower and lower.  He felt as if he had hit rock bottom.  He thought hard, trying to determine what he had done to earn him so low and disgraceful an assignment.  He was a model soldier and one of the top pilots in the fleet.  He did not deserve this.  However, when the second in command of ICE requested him personally, Jeremy knew he could not decline.
Jeremy sighed in defeat as he watched Cadet Avon Zadoorian try on yet another party dress.  He had lost count at least a dozen dresses ago.  Why did one girl need so many dresses?  Sure Cadet Zadoorian's father was an ICE General, but as a first-year cadet, Jeremy doubted Avon would have a need for a civilian wardrobe.  Her attire was now the standard issue black uniform of the ICE Academy.
Looking back into the mirror, Jeremy stared at his own uniform.  It was meticulous, everything in place, no wrinkles, belt buckle and boots shiny, ribbons perfectly centered.  His light brown hair cut to the three-quarters of an inch requirement.  His blue eyes sparkled for a moment as his he inhaled and his chest puffed.  He was proud of his accomplishments.  Jeremy had been promoted quickly through the ranks, distinguishing himself during his assignments.  He had come from less than humble beginnings.  Pushing his current assignment aside, he was proud of his accomplishments.
Then Jeremy saw Avon's reflection standing behind him.  Yes, she was pretty.  And someday he was sure she would become more beautiful as she matured into a woman.  Avon was thin and had a youthful figure, but still, the dress she was modeling was showing more skin than Jeremy had seen in a long time.  Jeremy blinked as he tried to remember the last time he had gone out on a date with a woman.  He could not remember.  His career had consumed him, devouring every waking minute.  Maybe it was while he was still a teenager.
Jeremy tried not to smile, but his eyes quickly betrayed him.  "Do you like it?" Avon asked demurely.  For a moment, Jeremy imagined Avon was shy.  But Jeremy had never seen the shy side of Avon.  She always carried herself with a hint of arrogance and distinction.  She had stood beside her father all her life as his plus one.  The General was a widower; a single father.  He had doted on Avon, allowing her to wrap him around her little finger.  Whatever Avon wanted, Avon got.  It was just that simple.
It was only natural for Avon to follow in her father's footsteps and join ICE.  It was all she had ever known.  She had been raised by nannies and tutors when the General was away, but when he was home, on Earth, the two were practically inseparable.  Avon was homeschooled until she went to the Academy.  However, her education had been extensive, learning about the galaxy and the military from her father.  She had been well educated and groomed to be a fluid conversationalist at any dinner party or social event.  She could converse freely on any subject concerning ICE.
Still, Jeremy did not see Cadet Zadoorian as an ICE officer.  She just did not have the backbone for it.  She was a socialite and a spoiled brat.  "I do not think your father will approve," Jeremy sighed as he turned towards Avon and took another look at her.  "It is a bit risqué."
"It is what the other girls my age are wearing," Avon quickly refuted.  "I am getting it."
Jeremy closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  Avon was his responsibility for the next three months; in essence, her babysitter.  He was to prep her for her second year at the Academy while her father was deployed to the Stavian Galaxy.
"This is a military function we are attending tomorrow," Jeremy reminded Avon.  "Your dress uniform would be more appropriate."
"I am allowed to wear a civilian dress.  I am still a cadet," Avon pouted.  "I like this one."
"Are you trying to get me court-martialed?" Jeremy replied.  His voice clearly showed his annoyance.  "Frack, skip the court-martial.  Your father is going to shoot me."
"He will not," Avon tried to giggle.  "I am a grown woman now, and I am tired of dressing like a little girl.  I am buying this one."
Jeremy knew he could not stop Avon from purchasing the gown.  It was a perfect shade of ivory which complimented her dark brown-olive complexion and her pale blonde hair.  Her eyes were the lightest shade of brown with a hint of green when she smiled.  Still, the gown was low cut and showed far more skin than Jeremy was comfortable seeing.
"This should be fun," Jeremy mumbled as he turned away knowing he could not win the argument.  It was not his battle to fight.  He would do his duty.  He would be Avon's escort to the military ball, and he would smile.  Avon was his job for the next three months, and he would just grin and bear it.  Jeremy would do whatever it took to ensure his place as a pilot on a warship at the end of the summer.  It was what he had trained for.  It was all he ever wanted to do.
Avon found the shoes and clutch she wanted and asked for them to be dyed to match the dress.  "Add a touch of gold to both," she requested with a hint of arrogance.  "And have everything sent to my apartment in the city."
"We are staying in the city?" Jeremy asked.  He thought they would be staying at the General's home outside the city.  Since Avon was on summer break, he had thought she would want to go home and escape from the hustle and bustle of ICE Command and the overpopulated urban life.
"I like the city."
Jeremy stifled his displeasure.  Inside he was infuriated.  He wanted some peace and quiet.  If he had to spend three months with Avon, he wanted a few creature comforts.  Through the grapevine, Jeremy had heard the General had a cook who still cooked in the old world style.  He had never experienced food which did not come from a synthesizer, and he wanted to experience at least one home-cooked meal made with fresh ingredients during his lifetime.
"After the ball tomorrow, I am taking you to the main house," Jeremy stated, asserting himself.  "It is too dangerous in the city."
"But..." Avon started to whine.
"Sorry girlie, but I am pulling rank," Jeremy insisted.  "You are a cadet, and I officially outrank you.  One night in the city and then I take you to the exburb."
Jeremy knew the dangers of Lorian City.  He had lived there all of his life.  He had grown up in the slums outside the military sector.  He had fought his way out of the poverty which had almost taken his life many times.  The slums were full of crime, corruption and the lowest of deviants.  He had seen more violence before his eighteenth birthday than most humans, and other species saw in the biggest and goriest of battles.
Plus Avon was the daughter of one of the most influential Generals in ICE.  She was worth a hefty ransom if kidnaped.  Jeremy could not, would not take the chance of her being abducted.  He knew he could protect her more effectively at the General's mansion.
"How about lunch?" Jeremy suggested.  "You have not eaten since breakfast.  I know of a great place with the best portabella mushroom ravioli."
"Can we eat outside?" Avon asked.  "I love eating al fresco."
Jeremy knew it was dangerous, but he was armed with a sidearm strapped to his leg.  "Sure, but I pick the table."
Jeremy led Avon to his favorite restaurant.  All public restaurants in Lorian City served synthesized food, but each used their own recipes.  Davola's had the best ravioli in the city.  It was Jeremy's favorite place to go.  Jeremy tried to relax as he escorted Avon to Davola's, but he was hyper-aware of his surroundings.  He knew the neighborhood; a middle to upper-class part of town with ritzy shops and expensive restaurants.  Still, it could be dangerous.
Jeremy thought back again to his childhood.  While he had dreamt of escaping the slums, growing up, he never believed it would actually come to fruition.  But he soldiered on every day, learning everything he could, reading everything he could find, pushing himself mentally and physically to excel.  When he turned eighteen, he traveled to the Academy and applied for entrance.  Jeremy's test scores were high, and he was admitted.  It was, in fact, a dream come true.  Jeremy had graduated the Academy only a year ago and had already been promoted twice; twice as fast as his classmates and peers.  He was on the fast track to Major.  But he was starting to doubt if his current assignment would be beneficial to his career or a hindrance.  Where would glorified babysitter fit into his short and once illustrious resume?
Jeremy knew his primary objective for the summer was to prepare Avon for her second year at the Academy.  Her education had prepared her academically, but physically she was not close to being ready for the rigorous physical demands.  Jeremy had read Avon's progress reports.  They revealed Avon barely squeaked through the physical training requirements.  Deep down, Jeremy believed Avon had been saved from expulsion, due to her father's position and influence.  At times, he felt Avon was admitted to the Academy only due to her father's legacy.  There were many Academy admissions due to one or more of their parents being Academy alumni.  Many were expelled unable to achieve the minimum standards required for advancing to the next phase of their training.
Now it was Jeremy's responsibility to ensure Avon was ready for her second year at the Academy.  He remembered the physical exertion he had endured.  Looking across the cafe table at Avon, he doubted she would be able to survive the pain and torture she was about to experience.  While old enough to be a cadet, all Jeremy could see was a thin, weak, spoiled brat, who was too concerned with her appearance.  Avon's hair was perfect, her makeup unblemished and her nails flawless.
Jeremy knew he could not fail.  Avon's failure would equate to his own failure and possible dismissal from ICE.  With every flutter of Avon's eyelashes, Jeremy felt his dreams quickly flying away from him.  Everything he had worked so hard for was contingent on the spoiled brat sitting across the table from him.  He would rather fight a deadly Zarcon assassin than having this assignment.  Where did I go wrong? Jeremy pondered silently.  Why me?
After eating half of her lunch, Avon pushed the plate away.  "You need to eat more than that," Jeremy snarled.  "If you expect to train hard, we need to at least double your caloric intake."
"I am not training today or tomorrow," Avon snapped.  "I have to squeeze into my new gown tomorrow, and I will not look like an over-stuffed Mumite."
Jeremy tried to not to laugh thinking of the three-foot-tall Mumite aliens and their roly-poly bodies.  The thought of Avon having any fat on her thin body was almost funny.  "Are you laughing at me?" Avon snarled.
"Never, princess," Jeremy replied rolling his mouth into a fake frown.  "I cannot imagine you ever being fat."
"I want to look my best tomorrow at the party.  I am tired of everyone looking at me only as my father's daughter.  I am a woman now, and I expect to be treated like one."
"Then stop acting like a spoiled brat," Jeremy suggested half sarcastically.  "Starting acting like an adult and you will be treated like one."
"I am not a spoiled brat," Avon pouted.
Jeremy did not reply.  He raised his brows and pursed his lips.  Whatever, he smirked to himself.
"You know I have never been on a date, don't you?" Avon said sadly.  "Growing up, the boys were afraid of my father.  You have seen the reach of his authority.  Even at the Academy, I was off-limits.  No one wants to piss off the General Zadoorian's daughter.  ICE officers will not come near me since dating me would be political suicide.  They are afraid of ending up in the outer rim."
"I am sure your father is just trying to protect you," Jeremy replied knowing how protective the General was.  He had heard the General's speech loud and clear.  He had been warned.  Avon was off-limits.  The General made sure to emphasize it during the briefing more than once.  Jeremy knew what his mission was, no more, no less.  Getting romantically involved with Avon was not a part of the mission.  Jeremy knew it would not be a problem.  Avon was not his type.  She was too prim and proper.  They came from two different worlds.  Avon was a socialite, and he was nothing but a slum rat who had crawled out of the depravity of poverty.  Even as an officer, the two did not mix.  Jeremy would always be a slum rat.
Avon snarled, "And now I suppose you think it is your job to protect me?" 
"It is my job to be with you 24-7.  It is my job to have you physically fit for the fall.  I guess since we will be spending so much time together, it is also my job to ensure you stay safe.  I will be damned if I lose my commission because of you."
"So I am just another mission, an assignment?"
"Yes, princess," Jeremy grinned.  "It is precisely what you are."
Jeremy could see the disdain on Avon's face every time he called her princess.  "My name is Avon.  But if it is too informal for you, you may call me Cadet Zadoorian."
"I will stick with Princess," Jeremy smirked.  "It fits you."
Avon's face turned to stone.  Her jaw clenched.  "Are you trying to make me hate you?"
"Oh princess, you are going to hate me with a passion when training commences.  You are going to be searching databases to find new things to call me.  I hope you are up to the challenge."
"Do not underestimate me, Captain Hanson!"
"Never, princess."


Chapter 2 - How Fast We Fall

After an awkward and adversarial lunch, the two walked back to Avon’s apartment.  It was a large apartment much like a twenty-first century converted loft with an open floor plan.  It was evident several apartments had been eliminated to make way for one large apartment.  Jeremy grimaced at the idea of such extravagance.  Most apartments were barely eight hundred square feet due to overpopulation in Lorian City.  Jeremy had grown up in a one-room shack with a dirt floor and no running water.  Now the apartment Jeremy was standing in was more luxurious than he could ever imagine.  He had never seen anything like it before.  It was spectacular.
The apartment was furnished with sleek modern lines; furniture in black and white with silver and gray accents throughout the room.  The decorations were minimalist, an occasional trinket showing places Avon or her father had traveled.  It lacked the warmth and coziness Jeremy had expected.  Still, he was in awe.
The apartment was bright with floor to ceiling windows which provided an abundance of natural sunlight.  It also allowed ample opportunity for a sniper from any one of several rooftops nearby to murder the apartment's occupants.  Jeremy frowned, knowing the apartment was not a safe place for the two of them to stay.  He was not aware of any kidnapping attempts on the General’s daughter, but he refused to dismiss the risk.  Jeremy refused to rule out anything which might end his short military career.  The thought of a dishonorable discharge and going back to the slums of Lorian City was shaking him to his core.  Maybe he was over thinking everything; maybe he was not.  Paranoia was not always a bad thing.  Jeremy knew this from experience.
"You can use my father's room," Avon announced after checking to ensure her latest purchases had been delivered to her room.
"Where is your room?" Jeremy asked coldly.  "I want to see it."
Avon was surprised by his request.  "What is it to you?"
"I need to see where everything is.  If I am to protect you, I need to see everything."
"Why do you think you need to protect me?" Avon demanded, exasperated by Jeremy's overwhelming need to control everything.
Jeremy was equally annoyed.  "Give me a break, princess and just show me your room," Jeremy barked as if it were an order.
Avon took a deep breath.  She was not in the mood for another confrontation.  She knew she was safe but if it meant a moment of peace and quiet while preventing another outburst, so be it.  Avon turned on her heel and walked towards her room.  "Let's get this over with," Avon sneered over her shoulder.  Jeremy followed two paces behind her.
Avon's room was equally large; the size of an entire apartment for most families.  Everything was stark white; the furniture, the linens, the walls, everything.  The same floor to ceiling windows covered the entire back wall.  Jeremy walked to the windows and looked out.  He quickly inhaled and exhaled forcibly through his nose, he lips clenched tight.  All he saw was a security nightmare.  Then Jeremy turned.  On the walls opposite of the windows, he saw floor to ceiling shelves covered with toys; dolls, games from every part of the universe.  There were old, new, antique, collectibles, hard to find toys.  Jeremy was not sure whether to be in awe or disgusted by the blatant display of wealth.  Avon was spoiled beyond comprehension.
Jeremy glared at the toys and back towards Avon.  He could not form a single word.  Growing up he barely had clothing, shoes, one, maybe two meals a day and here on the shelves were artifacts and antiques worth more than Jeremy would earn in several lifetimes.  Avon could see his abhorrence.
"Most of them were gifts from dignitaries and visiting Generals while I was growing up," Avon tried to explain.  "They are peace offerings, so to speak, from people trying to stay in Daddy's good graces through me."
Jeremy finally found his voice.  "And you kept each one?"
"Why not?" Avon asked more like a statement.  "Some are quite pretty, some interesting, and a few of them are quite valuable.  I could sell them and not have to work a day in my life, but I would never do that.  In a way, they tell the story of my life.  I know who gave me what and when and where.  They are my history; a visual diary if you will."
Jeremy was embarrassed.  Not because of his original impression of the collection but because he was staring at the shelves.  "I have never seen so many toys," he mumbled.
"Of course not," Avon laughed.  "No one has.  Some of these things should be in a museum, not here in my room.  Look at this one," Avon stated while moving towards one of the far shelves.  "This is an original doll from 1959.  It is in its original packaging, never been opened.  It is worth more than you and I will earn in an entire year, maybe two."
"Is this a Zarcon music box?" Jeremy asked, staring at the intricate metalworking and design.  "I saw one on display once.  They are very rare."
Avon smiled.  "Yes, my father went there before I was born.  He brought it back with him.  The music is almost magical.  It was one of my favorites growing up.  It always helps me to go to sleep."
Jeremy continued to scan the wall, finding another surprise.  "You have printed books?"
"Yes, they were gifts from the former ICE historian.  He bequeathed them to me when he died.  They are magnificent; leather bound with gold inscriptions on the covers."
Jeremy walked towards the books.  "He must have liked you a lot."
"He was one of my father's best friends," Avon explained as she watched Jeremy reach out as if to touch one of the books.   His hand stopped just short of touching the spine.
"Go ahead.  Pull one down," Avon offered.  "Feel it, smell it.  It is wonderful."
Jeremy wiped his hand on his pants, afraid to damage the book.  Then he reached up and pulled it down.  He ran his hand over the leather cover, his finger over the gold lettering; "A Tale of Two Cities."  He lifted the book to his face and inhaled the faint smell of leather.
"I have never held a real book before," Jeremy admitted as if the reason was that of his background; his poverty growing up.
"Very few people have," Avon stated again.  "Paper books started going out of style in the early twenty-first century.  Libraries were closed down a few decades later.  Books which were not procured and put into private collections were destroyed.  It really is a shame.  Why don't you take this one and read it today?  It is so much different to sit and turn a real page in a real book.  It is an experience you will never forget."
"Aren't you afraid of I might damage the book?  It is so rare."
"I doubt you would ever do anything to intentionally damage the book," Avon snickered.  "Not the flawless Captain Hanson."
Jeremy knew Avon was giving him a backhanded compliment, but he did not care.  No, he would not do anything to intentionally damage the book and the thought of holding and reading a printed, leather-bound book intrigued him.  Jeremy smiled at Avon and nodded ever so slightly.
"I will take good care of it."
"Let me show you to Daddy's room," Avon offered, walking towards the door of her room.  "I took the liberty of having your dress uniform delivered as well as your duty duffle."
Jeremy's mood changed instantly.  "You did what?"
"I knew your things were being sent to the mansion.  I had the messenger bring them here instead.  You should be saying thank you."
Jeremy took another deep breath and held it.  Avon acted without consulting him first, just as she had decided they were going to stay in the city until after the military event.  Jeremy was supposed to be in charge of Avon, not the other way around.  This was a power struggle Jeremy did not need or want.  If Avon continued to thwart his authority, there could be problems.  Not just between the two of them but with his ability to protect her.  Avon headstrong attitude would be detrimental, and it made Jeremy edgy again.
Jeremy remained silent and followed Avon to General Zadoorian's suite.  It was larger than Avon's suite.  To one side of the room were a large desk and office area.  While Jeremy should have been surprised, he was not.  He knew the General was on duty 24-7 and would need to work wherever he was.  Avon continued to walk through the suite and to a far door.  "Here is your comfort room," she announced opening the door.  "It is equipped with all the modern cleaning stalls as well as a water stall."
"A water stall?"
"They used to be called showers," Avon corrected.  "Daddy loves taking showers."
"You mean a shower using water?"
"Yes," Avon laughed.  "You should try one.  It will change your life."
"But isn't water rationed?"
"Maybe for everyone else but not for Daddy," Avon shrugged.  "Take a hot shower and change out of your uniform.  Take the night off Captain Hanson and relax a little."  
The last thing Avon wanted was to have Jeremy standing guard over her all night and in his ICE uniform.  Of course, Avon knew everything about the Captain.  She had read his dossier as well.  She knew how he had grown up in the slums, his mother a housekeeper.  Jeremy was self-educated and intelligent.  He had proven himself quickly at the Academy catching the attention of his instructors and his superiors.  He was driven.  He was by the book.  He was the consummate soldier.
Jeremy shook his head from side to side almost shuddering as Avon walked away.  So this is how the other half lives? Jeremy thought to himself.  Well, maybe not the other half, but definitely the General and his daughter.  He walked over to the shower and took a long look.  He had seen old movies with people taking showers.  It looked relaxing.  Plus how hard could it be?
Remembering from the old movies, people used to take a shower to clean themselves, he peered into the shower.  He found no old-fashioned soap.  I guess he uses it just to relax, Jeremy pondered and turned towards the sanitizer stall.  Three minutes later, he and his clothes were perfectly clean.  Then he stripped.  Looking around he found a small closet and towels.  He grabbed one and hung in on the hook outside of the shower door.
Stepping in Jeremy stared at the shower fixtures.  Water from the top, Jeremy mused.  Now to turn it on.  He had seen old-fashioned sinks.  He knew there was one knob for hot water and one for cold, but this shower only had one knob.  He turned it and screamed.  The water was ice cold.  Jeremy quickly turned the handle all the way to the left.  He jumped back screaming again as the hot water hit his skin, his body and head hitting the cold hard tiles of the shower wall.  "Dammit," Jeremy cursed under his breath.  "How in the hell is this relaxing?"
Avon had heard Jeremy scream and then scream again.  She could not stifle her laughter.  Maybe I should help him out, Avon chuckled to herself.  The thought of seeing the illustrious Captain Hanson at his worst while trying to figure out how to use the shower was surpassing her sensibilities.  When Avon heard Jeremy's head hit the shower wall, she knew he was in trouble.  Avon opened the door to the bathroom a couple of inches and call out to him.  "Do you need help?"
Jeremy jumped again.  He was not expecting Avon to come into the room.  He turned quickly to hide his naked body.  Doing so, he lost his balance.  He slipped, hitting his head on the shower wall again.  "Dammit," Jeremy yelled again.
"Are you okay?" Avon yelled.
"I will be okay once you leave me alone and I figure out how to turn this damn water off."
"Turn it all the way to the right," Avon screamed over the sound of the water.  "Are you hurt?"
The redness from the hot water had subsided, but the redness of Jeremy's humiliation quickly replaced it.  He had no practical experience with showers, and he hated Avon had seen him fail at what should have been a simple undertaking.  What should have been a delightful and relaxing experience had quickly turned into a nightmare.
"Just get out of here.  I am fine," Jeremy snarled angrily.
When Jeremy heard the door close, he reached forward and turned off the water.  He grabbed the towel and started drying himself.  Only then did he notice he was bleeding.  Hell, he had hit his head three times on the shower wall.  Jeremy was lucky he was still conscious.
Unable to see the back of his head, Jeremy had only one choice.  He would have to dress and ask Avon for help.  For a moment, he wished he had knocked himself out.  Asking Avon for help was unconscionable.  Jeremy was mortified.  However, he knew he did not have a choice.  Jeremy wrapped the towel around his head to soak up the blood, and then he dressed.  He looked at himself in the mirror.  His jaw was clenched.  His lips thin.  His shoulders tense.  Then he felt the pain.
Even if he knew where the medical kit was, Jeremy could not heal himself.  He had to ask for help.  Every muscle in his body tensed.  His fists clenched.  Hell, he was supposed to be the strong, fearless captain.  And now he had to ask the spoiled princess for help.  Could this day get any worse?  He was not even twelve hours into his three-month assignment, and there were already injuries.  And to make it worse, he was the first victim.
Feeling the blood trickle down the back of his skull and the pain increasing by the moment, Jeremy walked out of the bathroom and through the General's suite.  As he entered the living room, Avon turned and looked at him.  Seeing the towel wrapped around his head, she laughed.  "Party hat?"
"Wound covering," Jeremy sulked.  "Where is the medical kit?"
"Did you injure yourself?" Avon asked, now half concerned and half amused.
"Just a little," Jeremy replied and slowly turned away from her.
"Holy hellion!" Avon screamed.  "That is a lot of blood."  Then she ran from the room and back to her father's bathroom.  Fifteen seconds later she was back with the medical kit and was pulling Jeremy towards the nearest seat which just happened to be a white upholstered chair.
Jeremy tried to resist sitting.  "I do not want to get blood on the chair," he insisted.
"Damn the chair," Avon urged.  "I do not need you passing out on me.  I do not plan on spending my evening at the Headquarters medical bay.  Let me use the regenerator and get this closed before you bleed to death.  Do you know how much paperwork is involved if you die?"
"So you are worried about the paperwork?" Jeremy seethed.
"Of course," Avon replied and then laughed.  "Just hold still already.  I am pretty good at this.  I have healed Daddy more times than I care to count.  I have even had to heal myself a time or two."  Avon turned on the regenerator and removed the towel.  "Oh, this is a deep one.  This might take a few minutes."
Jeremy sighed; partly annoyed, somewhat intrigued.  "So your father is a klutz?"
"No.  But I am," Avon chuckled.  "Daddy would come home after a scrimmage, and I would clean him up.  He has had lots of injuries which are off the record.  I have had years of experience doing this."
"So you have a few hidden talents," Jeremy stated as a question, trying to look towards Avon.
"A few.  Please hold still.  If I do this right, you will not have a scar.  I am sure you want to keep this a secret."
"You set me up, didn't you?"
"I guess I could have shown you how to use the shower.  But you are so arrogant I thought you would figure it out eventually.  I did not think you would end up trying to knock yourself out."
"I guess I deserve that, but not the blood.  You have a bit of a mean streak."
Avon grinned.  "Just a little."
"So tell me about a few of your klutzy moments.  It is only fair."
Avon sat silent for a moment as she thought about what and if she should share.  She continued to work on the three-inch gash on the back of Jeremy's head.  "Being Daddy's only child and a girl at that, I tried to live up to Daddy's disappointment of not having a son; a son to follow in his footsteps.  I tried to be a tomboy.  But I failed.  I failed horribly.  If I ran, I fell.  If I climbed, I fell.  Call me the queen of uncoordinated.  My childhood was filled with failure.  So I turned to my studies.  I know everything about every mission my father went on.  I know everything about military history and battles.  I can converse with anyone about any battle or scrimmage in any galaxy.  My knowledge is extensive and invaluable.  It is why I joined ICE; to follow in my father's footsteps and to be a military strategist."
Jeremy sensed a bit of hesitation in Avon's statement; a hint of regret.  "But it is not what you want to do?"
"It is my legacy," Avon stated solemnly.  She did not elaborate.  "There, all healed."
"I guess I should head back to the sanitizer stall and clean up again."
Avon nodded in agreement.  "I will take care of the towel."
Jeremy watched Avon walk away before rising.  Maybe Avon's life was not as perfect as it looked on paper or from outside the fishbowl.  Avon had everything she never wanted or asked for.  She had a wall full of toys and gifts from people using her to get into her father's good graces.  She had an apartment in the city only to be used so she could be closer to her father's office.  She had a mansion with nannies and tutors but no companions, no playmates.  She had a father who wished for a son and had been given a daughter; a daughter who was uncoordinated and accident prone.
While Jeremy was spending another three minutes in the sanitizer stall, Avon was talking with her father.  Her father had contacted her as soon as the report the medical kit had been removed from its storage unit in his bathroom had been transmitted to him.  "Did you hurt yourself again?" General Zadoorian demanded.  "I have not even be gone a day."
Avon knew her father would automatically assume she had hurt herself.  She could have told him the truth, but she decided to take the blame and hide the truth.  Sure Jeremy was not thrilled about his current assignment, but she would not put a wedge between him and his chance for promotion.  She quickly decided to give Jeremy a fighting chance.  "It was nothing, Daddy.  Just a paper cut.  I was reading, and I cut myself."
"You used the medical kit for a paper cut?"
"It hurt.  When was the last time you cut yourself on a piece of paper?  It hurts."
"You tend to heal yourself," General Zadoorian scowled.  "If you hurt yourself enough to use the medical kit I want to know.  I want to know right away.  Not from an alarm delivered to my comm-pad."
"Yes, Daddy," Avon acquiesced.  "Good night."
Before the General could reply, Avon disconnected the transmission.  She was angry.  Just once, she wanted her father to have a smidgeon of faith in her.  He always thought the worst.  He always assumed she was the one hurt, not anyone else.  It was times like this which made her want to show him she could do better physically or excel in her weapons training.  But Avon's anger always defied her.
Avon was torn.  She wanted her father to be proud of her.  But she did not want to be the son he did not have.  Still, she had joined ICE and enrolled in the Academy.  She would be the best battle strategist they had ever seen.  Realizing she was pouting, Avon rolled her bottom lip back and tried to relax her jaw.  Just once, I want to do what I want.  I want to be happy. To hell with him.  If he doesn't like me for me, then to hell with him.
Avon glanced into the mirror and saw the sad, bitter person she was when alone.  It was not the person others saw.  Avon took a deep breath and forced a smile back on her face; the smile everyone knew her for and expected to see.  She was the ultimate actress.
Avon entered the living room and found Jeremy looking at his communicator.  He looked up and stared at her.  "You lied for me," Jeremy whispered.  "Why?"
"I may not like you, Captain Hanson.  But I am not going to be an instrumental part of your demise.  That is on you.  It is partially my fault you were hurt.  So I took the blame.  But instead of telling my father you cracked your skull open, I told him I cut myself.  I am a klutz, after all.  There was no reason for him not to believe me."
"Thank you," Jeremy whispered.  "I owe you."
"No, you do not.  This is not a contest.  We are not in battle; at least not yet.  I am sure you are going to torture me beyond my limits and very soon.  We both have a job to do, Captain Hanson.  It is my job to make Daddy happy.  It is your job to help me do it."
"I am screwed, aren't I?" Jeremy scowled.  "I have the feeling you could care less about passing the physical training evaluations or learning to shoot.  My gut tells me you would like to be anywhere but at the Academy."
"You are right.  I do not want to be an ICE officer.  But I will be one.  And it means I have to pass the evals.  I do not expect to be at the top of my class physically, but I need to pass.  I know the only reason I was not expelled was because of my academic achievements.  And let us not forget Daddy's influence and span of control.  So, you are not screwed; at least not yet.  I just hope you do not have some grandiose expectations for me.  I will pass the evals, but that is going to be it."
Jeremy's lips went thin.  He had hoped to turn Avon into a lean, mean, fighting machine and she had just told him in no uncertain terms, this was not her goal.  She would pass the evals, not because of his help but because she knew she had to.  And Avon would endeavor to meet only the minimum standards.  No more, no less.  This assignment would not win him any brownie points with his superiors or the General.  Yes, he was screwed.
"Dinner?" Jeremy suggested needing to turn his focus elsewhere.  He was hungry.  He hoped Avon would be hungry as well.
"Salad?" Avon asked.
Jeremy nodded.  "Solarian Surprise with extra blue cheese please," he requested.  "Then some broiled chicken and a baked potato with butter and chives.  I will have some Tarian beets and some sprouts."
"You are going to eat all that?"
"Unlike you, I work out.  I need to eat.  You should eat more.  You are not going to have the strength to keep up."
"I have two more days before we start training.  Until then, I am eating a salad," Avon insisted.
Jeremy nodded.  He would give Avon tonight and tomorrow to eat as light as she wanted.  He was not worried.  Avon would quickly learn she needed to eat more.  When her muscles burned from lack of energy and she dropped to the ground unable to take another step, she would eat.


Chapter 3 - Another Fall from Grace

Jeremy woke the next morning.  It was early, and the sun was still below the horizon.  He was surprised there were no lingering effects from cracking his head open in the shower.  Jeremy wanted to work out.  He liked keeping in shape.  He liked the endorphin high he experienced when pushing his body further and further.  Crawling out of bed, Jeremy donned his PT uniform and started stretching.  After two hundred sit-ups, he began his push-ups.  Finishing the first one hundred, he began the second hundred.  Jeremy could feel the sweat covering his torso, his back, and his arms.  He could feel his muscles restrict and contract, becoming tauter.
Jeremy remembered how thin he was when first entering the Academy.  He was malnourished then compared to how fit he now was.  Before the Academy, he was lucky to eat twice a day.  Now he ate whatever and whenever he wanted.  Before the Academy, he was nothing but skin and bones.  Now he was muscular and toned.  Jeremy smiled.  
Jeremy was on his way to three hundred push-ups when he realized he was being watched.  "Do you do PT every day?" Avon asked peering into the room.
Jeremy nodded as he continued to count.  As he reached two hundred and fifty, he continued.  Today's goal was three hundred, and he was sure he would reach it.  Avon watched as each muscle rippled on Jeremy's arms and back.  Through the soaking wet skin tight t-shirt; Avon could see just how physically toned Jeremy was.  Now she understood why her father had picked Jeremy.  He was a machine.  He would ensure she was ready for her evals.
"Breakfast?" Avon asked as she watched Jeremy's muscles quiver.
"Two hundred and seventy-seven," Jeremy groaned and then lowered his body to the floor.  "Yes."
"I found a bar of soap," Avon smiled holding it out.  "Let me show you how to operate the shower.  You clean up, and I will set the table."
"Do you always eat formally?"
"It is what I know," Avon shrugged as she moved towards the bathroom.  Jeremy stood and followed.  Avon opened the shower door and reached in.  She turned the lever half way to the left.  Then she tested the water.  "It is warm enough.  If you want it warmer, move it slightly to the left, but only a little at a time.  After you are thoroughly wet, rub the soap all over your body.  It will remove the dirt and sweat.  Then rinse all the soap off."
"Thank you," Jeremy whispered and took the soap from her proffered hand.
"What would you like for breakfast?"
"I can order my own breakfast," Jeremy replied.
"I know you can, but I am trying to be a gracious host.  This is my apartment, and you are a guest.  It is the least I can do."
"Three egg omelet with bacon, cheese, and tomatoes.  Hash browns, mango juice and toast with butter and loganberry jam."
"Coffee?"
"Tarian with double sugar and goat's milk."
Avon nodded and walked away.  Jeremy stripped and placed his PT uniform into the sanitizer stall to be cleaned.  Then he stepped into the shower.  The warm water did feel good.  He tilted back his head and let the water stream over his head and face and then down his body.  Rubbing the soap over his body, it felt strange but enjoyable.  He liked it.  He liked the scent of the soap.  He held out his arm and chuckled in amusement at the tiny bubbles and lather on his skin.
After dressing, Jeremy joined Avon in the kitchen.  She had set up the breakfast bar with breakfast for both of them.  "Less formal," Avon quipped with a small grin.  Jeremy looked at his breakfast and then at hers; coffee, juice, half a piece of toast and a small bowl of mixed fruit.  Jeremy did not say a thing.  Avon had today to eat the way she wanted.  He would wait.
Avon watched in merriment as Jeremy ate.  "Was it hard growing up the way you did?"
"Why do you ask?"
"I just see how much you enjoy eating.  Is it because you did not have much growing up?"
Jeremy knew Avon was not just curious; she was honestly interested.  But talking about his childhood was not something Jeremy liked sharing.  He had worked his way out of the slums.  However, it had not won him any friends.  Even at the Academy, he did not fit in.  Most of the cadets were from affluent or career military families.  Jeremy came from neither.  He came from a poor family.  Well, not a family.  It was just him and his mother.  Jeremy's father was killed when he was a young child.  His mother worked twelve hours a day just to keep a rickety roof over their head and to eat twice a day.  Three meals on the same day was a celebration. The shack had a dirt floor and no running water.  There was electricity; one overhead light.  They had two thin mats which they used as their beds.  There were no pillows and only a thin blanket each.  Their personal possessions were few; a few changes of clothing which Jeremy's mother kept immaculately clean and pressed.  Jeremy's first set of new clothing was his ICE cadet uniform.  He remembered how proud his mother was the first time she saw him in it.  Jeremy remembered the tears running down her face as she smiled.  They were everything to one another.  They were all they had.
It was during the summer break after Jeremy's first year at the Academy when his mother was killed.  Jeremy had saved every bank credit he could to move his mother into a small apartment just outside the slums.  After fifteen years of surviving in the slums, she was killed just one month after they had moved into the apartment on her way home from work.  It was only because of Jeremy's admission into the Academy and being an active duty cadet which spurred the local constable to pursue the investigation.  A week later the man who was arrested for murdering his mother was convicted and led to a speedy death.  Jeremy returned to the Academy, never returning to the apartment.  He sold it just weeks after his mother's death.  With no family, no home, Jeremy spent his summers at the Academy and graduated a year early.
"I do not like being hungry," Jeremy replied solemnly.  "Plus you do not get to look like this eating like that," he added, flexing his biceps and then pointing at Avon's breakfast.
Avon nodded but did not push Jeremy for more information.  It was evident he did not want to talk about it.  Plus she already knew his story; or at least the story on file.
"Are you wearing your dress uniform tonight?" Avon asked to change the subject.
"Yes," Jeremy replied curtly.
Avon was surprised by Jeremy's tone.  "Have I done something to offend you?" she asked.
"I am sorry.  My childhood is nothing like the fairytale life you had.  It was not until I was at the Academy that I realized just how bad it was.  Growing up, it was all I knew.  I did not know about all this," Jeremy stated while looking around the room and waving his hand around his head.  "It is not something I like talking about.  It is my history.  But it is just that, history.  It is done, and it is over with."
"So you hate me because I grew up privileged," Avon growled.  "I am not going to apologize to you or anyone for who I am or how I was raised.  If you do not like it; it is your problem, not mine."  Avon stood and stormed away.
Jeremy quickly realized he had pushed Avon's buttons.  He was sure of it when he heard Avon slam shut her bedroom door.  Avon had offered the proverbial olive branch by showing him how to use the shower and ordering his breakfast.  She had shown concern.  And Jeremy had lashed out the only way he knew; by shutting down and snapping at her.  Day two was not looking much better than day one of his assignment.  And there were still twelve hours separating breakfast and the party.

Thirty minutes before leaving for the party Avon and Jeremy exited their respective bedrooms and entered the living room.  Both were dressed for the party.  Avon was stunning in her ivory gown.  The shoes and clutch had been dyed perfectly to accent the dress.  Avon's makeup was perfect for an evening outing, heavier than she wore during the day.  Her long pale blonde hair was down, and the loose curls cascaded below her shoulders perfectly framing her face.  Avon did look like a princess.  She was beautiful.
Avon stared at Jeremy, equally impressed.  While Jeremy was quite striking in his standard black ICE uniform, he looked amazing in his dress uniform.  The black fabric accented with the golden colored stripes and echelons turned his sandy brown hair almost a golden color.  Jeremy always carried himself with a hint of arrogance, but his dress uniform made him look taller than his six-foot-one-inch body.  While not Avon’s date, Jeremy would give the other girls a reason to wag their tongues.  It would prove to be an interesting night.
"Let me straighten your tie," Avon offered as she walked towards Jeremy.  "It is just a little off.  Daddy has the same problem."
Jeremy smiled as Avon reached up.  When she stepped back, she smiled.  "You look perfect," Avon whispered.
"Thank you," Jeremy replied and then paused.  "I am sorry about this morning."
"Me too," Avon whispered.
Jeremy held out his arm, and Avon took it.  Together they walked out of the apartment.  Waiting for them at the curb of the building was the General's transport.  "Is it legal for us to use this?" Jeremy gasped as the door automatically opened.
"I am going as the General's daughter, so yes it is legal.  You are my escort for the evening, so yes it is legal."
Minutes later, Avon and Jeremy were walking into the ballroom of ICE Headquarters.  Eyes turned towards them; some staring.  "Us or you?" Jeremy asked leaning towards Avon's ear.
"Probably a bit of both," Avon answered through her smile.  "Maybe we should have made a small wager on how many minutes will elapse before one of us gets a call from Daddy."
Jeremy continued to smile as he looked around the room.  He wondered who their Judas would be.  "So you do hate me?"
"Maybe the dress was a bit much.  But it is too late now," Avon continued to smile as she saw her father's superior officer walking their way.  "Let me handle it."
Both stopped walking as the Commanding General of ICE approached.  "General Armstrong," Avon smiled and extended her hand.  Jeremy immediately stood at attention.  General Armstrong was half human and half Tarian.  His body human while his head was Tarian with pointed ears and lizard-like eyes.  He had only four finger-like appendages on each hand with long black talon-like nails.  His complexion was dark brown, almost black.  While only six foot tall, he was formidable; almost scary.
General Armstrong looked towards Jeremy.  "Captain Hanson."
Jeremy snapped to attention, "Sir."
"Cadet Zadoorian," General Armstrong stated as a hello and then stepped back and took a good look at Avon and the dress she was wearing.  "It appears you have grown up since last summer.  I guess that happens at the Academy.  I had hoped to see you in your dress uniform."  General Armstrong's tone clearly showed he did not approve.
"I was told the dress code was optional for cadets," Avon rebutted while standing tall and resolute.
"So it is.  However, your classmates in attendance are in uniform," General Armstrong retorted with disdain.  "You may want to remember your new status.  You represent ICE now, not your father."
Avon did not blink, but she could feel her stomach clench tightly.  Her wish to be seen as someone other than her father's plus one had backfired.  She snapped to attention and stayed there.  "At ease, Cadet," General Armstrong told Avon and then turned on his heel and walked away.
"Oh shit," Avon muttered pulling Jeremy out of the middle of the entrance way.  "I am in trouble, aren't I?"
"It could have been worse," Jeremy quickly surmised.  "He did not order you to go home and change."
Avon fought to swallow; her mouth completely dry.  She could feel her chest tighten and stress course down her arms.  She licked her lips and tried to smile.  Failing, she forced herself to take a deep cleansing breath.  After inhaling again, Avon muttered, "I might as well enjoy the rest of the night.  It looks like it will be my last one to have fun."
"Cadet Zadoorian, please..." Jeremy started as he fought to find the right words and not alienate her.  "Please try not to cause any more trouble.  As your escort, I will be guilty by association.  You are still a cadet with a comfortable safety net under you.  I, on the other hand, have nothing.  I would like to keep my commission a few more hours."
Avon did not reply.  Her lips were clenched in a thin line, and she nodded slightly to let Jeremy know she understood.  Avon felt the need to escape; to run.  She looked around the room as if looking for a place to hide or maybe a friendly face.  "I see a few of my girlfriends," Avon smiled gazing across the room at two girls she had grown up with.  "Would you mind getting us something to drink?"
Jeremy did not argue.  He needed a moment to collect himself.  He nodded and walked away.  Avon darted across the room to her friends.  One of the girls was the daughter of an ICE science officer; the other the daughter of a Senator.  The three had been introduced at a young age at a military function.  Together they had grown up reuniting at party after party.  "Cleo, Susan," Avon called out as she got closer.
"Damn girl," Susan replied hugging Avon.  "What is with the dress?  And what is with the gorgeous hunk of Captain?"
"It is the last civilian dress I will ever wear, so I decided to go all out."
"Well, it is all hanging out," Cleo laughed looking at the low cut and revealing neckline.  "It is a good thing you still have a youthful figure; unlike Susan over here who has boobs for days."
"Thanks, Cleo for reminding me I still do not fill out a training bra."
"So tell me about your date," Susan begged.
"He is not my date.  He is my appointed escort.  Daddy picked him out for me.  He is my babysitter for the summer."
"Do you think your daddy will pick out a babysitter for me?  Your Captain is yummy."
The three looked over at Jeremy, who had just turned around.  All three giggled.  "Captain Hanson is cute," Avon commented.  "But he is not my type.  He is a by the book, career soldier."
"I will take him if you do not want him," Cleo purred.  "I could use a career soldier to take care of me."
Avon stared at Cleo.  Cleo was a military brat.  All she knew was the military.  She had been checking out eligible ICE bachelors since her sixteenth birthday hoping to snag herself an officer.  "I do not think he is looking for a wife and children yet," Avon whispered.  "All he cares about is his next assignment and next promotion."
"I can work with that," Cleo purred again.
Jeremy approached slowly, afraid to interrupt the conversation.  He was afraid they were talking about him.  And he was more afraid of what they might be saying.  Reaching the three Jeremy held out a glass of punch.  Avon took it and took a sip.  
"Virgin punch?  Really, Captain Hanson?" Avon scowled.
"I know you are old enough to drink," Jeremy stated somberly.  "But I have already been warned.  If you get into any trouble tonight, rather any more trouble; it is my head on a pike."
"You have already heard from Daddy?"
"Something like that," Jeremy grimaced.  "Word travels fast in this galaxy."
"So I guess escaping from here and going clubbing is out of the question," Cleo joked.
"Not even funny," Jeremy replied seriously.
"Well, if you change your mind handsome," Cleo purred.  "Here is my card."  Cleo reached out and touched the tip of her pinky with Jeremy's effectively loading her contact information into his interface.
"We should mingle," Jeremy advised Avon.  "We need to try to gain back a few of the brownie points we have lost, and we have only been here ten minutes.  It is going to be a long night."
Jeremy led Avon away from her friends.  "Your friends are a bit brazen," Jeremy quipped.
"Cleo is just looking for a husband.  Someone to continue the lifestyle she has been raised in."
"Is that what you are looking for?"
"A husband or the lifestyle?"
"Both."
Avon pondered for a moment before answering.  "I am not so worried about the lifestyle.  A comfortable home with a man who loves me is all I would need.  But am I looking for a husband?  No.  I have three more years at the Academy and then six years of obligated service.  I think I will be busy for a few years."
"So you are not a career soldier?"
"Not today.  Not in this dress," Avon smirked.  "Apparently, I do not fit the mold they have.  I guess I am a bit of a nonconformist.  I am sorry, I got you into trouble."
"I am not in trouble.  Not really.  But if you do anything stupid, I will be charged with conduct unbecoming an officer.  So please, Cadet Zadoorian remember, it is both our asses on the line."
"Yes sir, Captain Hanson," Avon mocked.
"You seem to have a few of the younger officers staring at you tonight," Jeremy whispered, looking around the ballroom.  "Do you know them?"
Avon looked over at a group gawking at her.  "I think I have seen them before, but I do not know them by name.  Remember, most men are afraid of my father."
"Hell, I am afraid of your father."
"I have ruined the party for you."
"No.  I am really not the party type.  I came because it is expected of me.  I am sure most of the people here feel the same as I do," Jeremy whispered, afraid anyone else would overhear him.
"I used to like the parties," Avon confessed.  "It was a way to meet other people.  Of course, now I know who I met was always orchestrated.  Susan, Cleo and I used to hang out, and we got away with our silly pranks because we were kids.  But now everything has changed.  I am an adult, and I am a cadet.  My whole world has changed."
Jeremy tried to empathize.  His world had changed when he became a cadet.  But his was a rags-to-riches story.  Avon's story was not.  "We have all changed," was all Jeremy could say.
"Do you dance, Captain Hanson?" Avon asked.
"Remember, I am your escort, not your date," Jeremy snarled.  He was embarrassed to admit he had never danced with a woman.
"So either you do not know how or you just do not want to dance with me."  Avon was annoyed.  She needed a distraction.  She had hoped dancing would help.  Not so much the dancing but feeling someone's arms around her.  She needed her daddy to hug her and tell her everything was going to be fine.  However, her daddy was part of the problem.  Jeremy was part of the problem.  Still, she needed to feel the warmth of someone's arms around her.  She needed to feel safe.
"I have never danced," Jeremy finally confessed.  "And do we want to give everyone something to talk about?"
"They are already talking.  How much more can a dance hurt us?"
"A lot if I step all over those custom dyed shoes," Jeremy chuckled.
"They are only shoes.  Dance with me, Captain Hanson."
Jeremy could hear the plea in Avon's voice.  Despite how much he hated the thought of looking like a fool on the dance floor, he acquiesced and held out his hand.  "May have this dance, princess?"
Avon took the Captain's hand, and together they walked onto the dance floor.  The last hands Jeremy had held were those of his dying mother.  It felt odd to feel Avon's hand in his.  It was soft and warm.  It felt nothing like the cold, callused hand of his mother.  Jeremy shuddered at the memory and the comparison and quickly glanced around and took note of where to place his hands.  He had never danced with a woman before.  He had never held a woman in his arms.  He could feel his palms becoming sweaty.  "Just listen to the beat of the music," Avon whispered.  "And relax.  You are as stiff as a Glorcan statue.  Pretend you like me."
"I do not hate you, princess," Jeremy chuckled.
"I know you don’t," Avon smiled.  "I am sure if we make it through tonight, we might even become friends."
"That is a lofty goal, princess.  Tomorrow we head for the mansion, and then we start training."
"Are you going to really be that hard on me?"
Jeremy started laughing, really laughing.  Avon's voice had reverted to a young girl almost begging for her life.  "Yep."
"So this really is my last night of freedom?"
"I am afraid so, princess," Jeremy confirmed with a shrug.  "Shall we celebrate or commiserate?"
"Both," Avon giggled.  "We should get some Tarian wine.  And I want to dance."
Jeremy could not see any harm in having a glass or two of wine.  They were at a party, after all.
Avon glanced over at Cleo and Susan and saw them smiling.  Cleo was nearly swooning.  Cleo was part Glorcan.  Glorcan women were known for their sexual prowess, and Cleo was almost gyrating watching Avon and Jeremy dance.  Since coming of age, Cleo found it difficult to control her urges.  Her mother had snagged the up and coming Dr. Booth during one of his trips to Glorca.  She was a medic, and once she saw Dr. Booth, he did not stand a snowball's chance on Solaria; Solaria being the closest planet to the Solarian sun in the Solarian Galaxy.  It never snowed on Solaria.
Cleo's actions were now catching the attention of several of the young officers.  "I think we better leave the dance floor before Cleo causes a small riot," Jeremy suggested.  "I have heard of this.  A Glorcan woman can cause a sexual frenzy."
"And she has got it hard for you," Avon giggled.  "All puns intended."
"We can get a glass of wine, and maybe your friend will cool off."
Before Avon and Jeremy made it off the dance floor, they heard a commotion behind them.  A group of young officers was starting to argue.  Fists were clenched, and tempers were quickly coming to a boil.  “Oh shit,” Jeremy gasped.  “It has already begun.”
Avon looked back and saw the first punch fly.  “We need to get you out of here.”
“How is this my fault?  I did not do anything.  Hell, I did not even talk to her.”
“Apparently she is attracted to you.  Have you looked into a mirror lately?  You are exactly her type, and as an up and coming superstar, Cleo has got you in her cross-hairs.”
“I do not need this," Jeremy growled.  "I really do not need this.  I am in enough trouble as it is.”
“You head for the door and find our transport,” Avon insisted pushing Jeremy towards the exit.  “I am going to grab a bottle of Tarian wine.  I was planning on getting drunk tonight, and Cleo is not coming between me and my buzz.”
“I do not think that is such a great idea,” Jeremy warned, staring Avon in her eyes.  “We need to leave.”
“This will take me two minutes, three tops,” Avon stated pushing Jeremy again.  “Have the door open.  I might be running.”
Jeremy wanted to stay and argue the point with Avon, but he needed to leave, and he needed to leave fast.  The now riotous group of young officers was getting louder, and the punches were coming fast and furious.  Jeremy glanced at Avon and then at the mob of military officers and ran for the door.
Avon hesitated for a moment, looking towards Cleo and Susan.  Cleo was standing slightly behind Susan as if trying to hide.  Avon had known Cleo for many years, and she knew the look on Cleo’s face.  It was not one of terror, but one of amusement.  Avon glared at Cleo and shook her head in disbelief as she pressed her lips together.  Cleo was clearly at fault for the unrest, and Avon and Jeremy had been caught in the middle.  Avon was counting down the seconds until she heard from her father.
With everyone watching the melee, Avon could have walked out with several bottles of Tarian wine while holding them above her head for everyone to see but she did not.   She snagged one bottle and ran for the door.  Tarian wine could not be reproduced in a food synthesizer.  It had to be fermented the old-fashioned way.  It is what made it so desirable and coveted.
As soon as Avon hit the sidewalk, Jeremy grabbed her by the arm and pulled her flush to the building.  “Where is the transport,” Avon squeaked out of breath.
“I do not know,” Jeremy growled.  “It is not programmed for my voice.”
“Damn, I forgot about that,” Avon snapped.  “Transport, General Zadoorian,” she screamed out frantically.  She was now standing directly in front of the glass entrance to ICE Headquarters.  “Hide this,” Avon yelled at Jeremy practically throwing him the bottle of wine.  “My clutch is too small.”
“What in the hell do you want me to do with it?” Jeremy screamed back at Avon as she pushed the bottle into his hand.
“I do not care, just hide it.”
Jeremy was mad.  Hell, he was past mad.  “Why are you getting me in the middle of this?  You stole the wine.  It was your idea, not mine.  And now you want me to take the fall for it?”  His arm was still outstretched holding the bottle for the whole world to see.
Before Avon could respond, the General’s transport arrived.  Avon ran and jumped in.  “Get in already!” Avon yelled to Jeremy, who was still standing flush against the building as if hiding from everyone inside.  Jeremy took a quick look around and ran for the transport.  Before he had completely embarked, Avon was already yelling for the transport to go.
Jeremy was still trying to resituate himself as the driverless transport pulled away.  He had dove in head first and was half lying across the seat with his head practically in Avon's lap.  Trying to sit up Jeremy found it difficult to maintain his balance and slipped landing in the floorboard of the back seat.
"Take this blasted bottle of wine," Jeremy snapped as Avon tried her best not to laugh.  Of course, Avon's best was not good enough.  Soon she was doubled over laughing at Jeremy.  Avon grabbed the bottle of wine and laughed again as the transport turned a corner and Jeremy landed back on his buttocks on the floorboard.
Luckily, it was a short trip to the apartment.  As soon as the transport stopped in front of the building, Avon jumped out and ran inside.  Jeremy awkwardly disembarked and ran after her.  He caught up with Avon just before the elevator door closed.  Stepping inside, Jeremy grabbed the bottle of wine.  "This is the last thing you need tonight.  You are in enough trouble as it is."
Avon tried to retrieve the bottle, but Jeremy kept a tight hold.  Reaching the fiftieth floor, they trotted to the General's apartment.  The entire way, Avon tried to remove the bottle from Jeremy's hands.  She did not succeed.
Avon placed her palm on the bio scanner, and the door to the apartment opened.  Five steps inside the door, she came to a halt.  Two of ICE's Provost Constables were standing just feet in front of her.  Jeremy walked in behind Avon and instantly froze in his steps.
The Provost Constables wore a solid uniform of black covered with a nearly impenetrable black armor.  Each wore a black helmet with a see-proof visor.  Not one inch of the body was visible.  All were over six foot five inches tall and genetically enhanced.  They were not to be reckoned with.  No one won in a fight.  Their mission was to track and apprehend.
"What the frack?" Jeremy blurted without thinking.  Without hesitation, he knew something was amiss.  He just did not know what.
The first Constable stepped forward walking directly towards Jeremy.  "Captain Jeremy Hanson, you are under arrest for theft."
Jeremy's first reaction was to run; his adrenaline immediately started surging through his body.  He was confused.  He had not stolen anything.  Why was he being arrested?  Then he looked down at his hand and the purloined bottle of Tarian wine he was holding.  "I did not steal this," Jeremy mumbled.
Avon rushed between Jeremy and the approaching Constable.  "Stop," Avon screamed.  "You cannot do this."
"Under orders of ICE, the suspect is in possession of stolen goods and is hereby under arrest," the Constable stated with conviction.
"No, no," Avon screamed.  "It is a mistake.  You do not understand," she pleaded as she tried to stop the Constable from restraining Jeremy for transport to the military prison.  "Call my father," Avon begged again and again.
"General Zadoorian is aware of the arrest," the second Constable advised remaining still.
"I want to talk to him," Avon pleaded.  "Now!"
"This is not procedure," the second Constable replied.
"Make it procedure," Avon screamed.  "I will file a formal complaint if you do not contact my father immediately!"
Avon refused to back down, standing in front of Jeremy with her arms outstretched.  Jeremy barely breathed as he watched both Constables breathe in deeply.  Both exhaled slowly as they decided what to do.
"Comm station?" the first Constable asked tersely and relenting only because of the General's position in ICE.
Avon pointed towards her father's bedroom.  "In there," she told them.  The second Constable started towards the bedroom with Avon following him.  The first Constable motioned for Jeremy to follow.
Moments later, Avon was speaking with her father.  "Daddy, you knew about this, and you are not doing anything?"  Avon was nearly crying.
The look on General Zadoorian's face showed he was displeased, annoyed even.  "Avon, I am busy, very busy and every time I breathe, I am getting another communication about you and Captain Hanson.  What the hell is going on?"
"They are arresting Captain Hanson, and he is innocent," Avon cried out in desperation.  "He did not steal anything."
"A bottle of Tarian wine was stolen, and Captain Hanson was found in possession of it," the first constable expounded.
"But Captain Hanson did not steal it," Avon disputed.  "I did.  Captain Hanson only had it because he had taken it from me.  I stole it.  Arrest me."
"Is this true, Captain Hanson?" General Zadoorian asked looking towards Jeremy.  Jeremy looked at Avon conflicted.  If he told the truth, Avon would be arrested.  If he lied, he would be arrested.  Either way, he could lose his commission.  But lying would be against his code of honor, the ICE code of honor.
Jeremy looked down then back at Avon.  "Sorry," he mouthed almost silently then snapped to attention.  "Sir, Cadet Zadoorian is telling the truth.  I did not steal the wine."
Avon could hear her father's quick intake of breath.  She could not look at him.  "I need a moment with my daughter and Captain Hanson," the General sighed.  The Constables nodded silently and left the room.
"Avon," General Zadoorian started.  "What the hell has gotten into you?  You are an ICE cadet.  Stealing is against the code of honor.  Lying is against the code of honor."
"I never lied," Avon quickly disputed.
"But you put Captain Hanson in a position in which he had to decide whether to lie and be arrested for your crime or tell the truth and watch you be marched away in shackles."
Avon's head fell forward, her eyes staring at the floor.  "Captain Hanson," the General began.  "I apologize for Cadet Zadoorian's behavior.  Thank you for doing the honorable thing."
Still, at attention, Jeremy's facial expression remained stoic.  "Sir," he replied while clicking his heels together.
Then the General addressed Avon.  "I will speak with General Armstrong.  You will return the bottle of wine, and you will formally apologize.  It will be up to General Armstrong whether he presses formal charges.  Your career with ICE may be a short one."
"Yes, Daddy," Avon mumbled.
"Cadet!" General Zadoorian barked out.
"Yes, Daddy," Avon repeated, looking up and speaking clearly.
"Cadet!" General Zadoorian barked out again, his impatience was clearly evident.
Avon finally realized her father was no longer speaking to her as her father but as the second in command of ICE.  She snapped to attention.  "Yes, sir."
"I cannot protect you," General Zadoorian grumbled.  "You have thirty minutes to pack and leave the city.  I want you both at the mansion tonight.  The transport will be instructed to leave in thirty minutes for the country.  If you are not onboard, you will have to walk."
"Yes, sir," Jeremy and Avon replied in unison, both still at attention.  Then the transmission ended.
"We better hurry," Jeremy advised and started packing his duffle.  "Go pack!"
"I am sorry," Avon started apologizing.  Jeremy could see she was sincerely sorry for what had transpired, but he was still in panic mode.
"I am not in the mood, princess.  So start packing already.  I will meet you downstairs."  Jeremy was nearly finished and was determined not to walk forty miles to the mansion.  He pushed past Avon and headed to the bathroom to gather his toiletries.  Knowing he did not have time to change out of his dress uniform, he left it on.
Avon turned and walked away.  She knew she had screwed up badly.  Not only had she stolen the wine but she almost let Captain Hanson take the fall for her.  Now her father was mad, past mad; he was infuriated.  General Zadoorian was right; her career could be over as soon as the next day.  Avon saw the bottle of wine on the table and picked it up.  She knew she still had to return it to General Armstrong.  She still had to apologize and possibly throw herself at his mercy.  Avon was not as concerned with her military career but her father's.  She had known for years her father was on the short list to replace General Armstrong when he retired.  The thought of her being the reason for her father not being promoted now weighed heavily on her heart and mind.  Guilty by association; isn't that what Captain Hanson had told her.


Chapter 4 - Let the Games Begin

Sixty minutes later, the transport arrived at the General Zadoorian's mansion in the country.  Through the darkness, Jeremy tried to look at the grounds.  Trees and other flora were nearly nonexistent in Lorian City.  Jeremy tried not to gape as he stared out the window at the outline of trees lining the driveway.  More so he was in awe of the massive lawn just on either side of the tree line.  Lorian City was an overpopulated, overcrowded urban mega-center with buildings towering fifty or more floors.  Most apartments were small, barely eight hundred and fifty square feet and this was if you were lucky to live in an apartment building.  The slums were worse with old dilapidated structures; each family huddled in a room barely three hundred square feet.  Growing up, Jeremy and his mother were not lucky.  They had a small shack on the ground with a dirt floor, no running water, and intermittent electricity.  His meals were leftover scraps his mother brought home from the family she worked for.  Jeremy knew about dirt, but he was amazed by the rolling green grass which framed the General's mansion.  Even the smell of the air was different; cleaner, fragrant.
Jeremy tried his best not to gawk again as the mansion came into sight.  Avon tried not to laugh at Jeremy.  Both failed.  "It is not that big," Avon giggled.  "It is only three floors plus an attic; each bedroom has its own comfort room.  I will take you on a full tour tomorrow."
At first, Jeremy was disgusted with ostentatious way Avon and her father lived.  Then he remembered the mansion would be his home for the next three months and smiled.  "I would like that," he mumbled sincerely.  He wanted to see it all; everything, every square inch.
"Normally, our guests stay on the third floor, but since it is just going to be you and me, I think I will put you on the second floor with me.  I know the perfect room.  It has an old-fashioned bathroom as well as a comfort station.  I think my parents had hoped for a second child and it was designed for a boy.  I believe that it will be perfect for you."
"Another old-fashioned bathroom?" Jeremy started, slightly fearful.  "Are you trying to kill me?"
"You do not have to use the water station," Avon smirked.  "I just thought you would be more comfortable in a larger suite.  The guest rooms are smaller, and I want you to feel at home."
Jeremy thought about Avon's sincere proclamation.  Avon had shown time and time again she had been raised to be the perfect hostess.  Her sincerity showed she was not putting on an act.  She did enjoy ensuring guests were comfortable.
"Lead the way," Jeremy sighed as he grabbed his duffle.  Watching Avon pull out three duffle bags, he reached for the largest one.  "I will help," he smiled.
"You did not bring much," Avon declared looking at Jeremy's one duffle.
"I am ICE.  I do not need much.  When not in full uniform, I wear my PT clothes in my room in the barracks," Jeremy explained.  "The rooms do not allow for much."
"But you are a captain," Avon stated quizzically.  "You earn enough credits for your own apartment."
Jeremy looked away to prevent Avon from seeing his forlorn expression.  "I had an apartment once.  It did not work out."  Jeremy did not say anything else.  He did not owe Avon an explanation.  Plus he did not want to talk about it.  He did not want to talk about how he had purchased the apartment for his mother or how she had died; murdered.   He sold the apartment immediately.  He could not keep it or live there.  Staying there would have broken his heart.
Avon did not push the subject.  She had read Jeremy's dossier.  She knew he had moved back to the Academy after his mother was murdered.  Avon was well aware of how Jeremy had attended the Academy even during summer breaks and had graduated early.  Upon graduation, Jeremy moved into the barracks at ICE Headquarters.  ICE had become his life, his security net, and his cocoon.  As an adult, he had become accustomed to living in small cinder block rooms; it was all he knew.
Before Avon and Jeremy reached the front door, it opened.  A thirty-something-year-old woman smiled at Avon and held out her arms as if she expected a hug.  Avon smiled and dropped her duffle bags onto the ground.  Avon ran to the woman.  "Iramy," Avon called out hugging the woman.  Then Avon motioned to Jeremy.  "Captain Jeremy Hanson, meet Iramy Wayzata.  She has been with me all my life.  First, as my nanny and now she takes care of the house and does most of the cooking."
Jeremy looked at Iramy.  She was younger than he had expected.  He had expected a woman at least in her sixties, maybe of mixed nationality.  What he saw was a youthful looking human female with long flowing red hair and light brown eyes.  He could see even through her fleece robe she still had an hourglass figure.  Her face was free of makeup, and her freckles made her look even younger.
Jeremy finally found his voice.  "It is a pleasure to meet you, ma'am," he stated formally.
Iramy looked at Avon and then laughed.  "Another career soldier," Iramy chuckled.  "Get in here, you two.  I need to get some sleep if I am going to be up early to cook breakfast for the two of you."
Jeremy felt a pang of guilt.  "I know how to use a synthesizer," he replied, a bit offended.
"We all do," Iramy chuckled.  "But wait until you taste real food."
"Captain Hanson will be staying with me on the second floor," Avon announced to Iramy.
Iramy's brows instantly rose.  "With you?"
"Not in the same room; on the same floor, in the room next to me.  I know Captain Hanson is a guest for the summer, but there is no need to alienate him.  He is going to make my life miserable enough as it is.  I do not need him hating me any more than he already does."
Jeremy took a quick breath; in and out.  "I do not hate you."
"I hope I can say the same by the end of the week," Avon sneered.  She knew Jeremy was going to put her through her paces, push her to go further than she wanted to.  There would be fighting.  They would be fighting.
Iramy grabbed one of Avon's bags and arm in arm they entered the house and started up the stairs.  Jeremy followed.  Iramy dropped Avon's bag inside her room and bid both Avon and Jeremy good-night.  "Breakfast at seven?" Iramy asked as she walked away.  Both Avon and Jeremy nodded.
Jeremy dropped the third and largest duffle of Avon's just inside her room.  "If you will show me to my room, I would like to clean up and grab some sleep."  Jeremy's voice indicated he was tired.  It was gruff and impatient.
"Would you like to shower?" Avon asked with a glint of humor in her eyes.
"I would like to get through the first night unscathed," Jeremy replied with his head slightly forward and glaring at Avon as if he was peeking over a pair of glasses.  The stare was daunting.
"Well, I am going to soak in a hot tub of water," Avon replied with a shrug.  "It has been a day from hell, and I need to relax before I try to sleep.  At least, I remembered to bring my music box.  It will help."
"And how would you soak in a tub of water?" Jeremy asked now curious.
"Follow me," Avon laughed and walked further into the room, towards her comfort room.  Jeremy was hesitant to follow.  He had never been inside the room of a female, civilian or military.  It was against the code of conduct.  "Come on," Avon insisted impatiently.
Jeremy dropped his duffle in the hallway and followed.  Once inside the comfort room, he looked at the large porcelain tub sitting in the far corner.  "What the hell is that?"
"I call it paradise," Avon laughed.  "Technically it is a soaking tub or a whirlpool bath."
Jeremy walked closer to get a better look.  He took note of the candles lined up around the tub and on the tiled steps around it.  He looked inside the tub.  "How does it hold water with all those holes in the sides?"
"Those aren't holes, they are jets," Avon laughed.  "You fill the tub with water and then turn on the jets.  It moves the water all around and helps alleviate pain and stress.  I have some stress I need to get rid of.  Too bad there isn't one in your room."
"So it is a woman thing?" Jeremy asked hesitantly.  He knew nothing about women, and he knew even less about bathtubs.
"No silly," Avon laughed again at Jeremy's expense.  She did love to yank his chain.  "Daddy has one too.  Actually, it is a part of the master bath.  I am sure it was for my mo..."  Avon did not finish.  She was not sure what to say.  She never talked about her mother.  There was nothing to say.  Avon did not have any memories of her mother; she was dead.  End of story.  Jeremy did not like talking about his mother, neither did Avon.  While both she and Jeremy had one thing in common, growing up in single-parent homes, the circumstances were so much different.  
"I guess it is time to show me to my quarters," Jeremy suggested as a way to change the subject and save Avon from any further discomfort.  It was not as if Jeremy liked Avon, but she did have a few redeeming qualities; even for a spoiled brat.
"Come on," Avon groaned and walked back towards the hall.  Turning to the left, Jeremy followed her to the next room.  "This one is yours.  You should have everything you need.  I will see you in the morning."
"I will be up at six if you want to join me for a few pushups," Jeremy smirked.
"I will wait until after breakfast.  If you are going to start my training tomorrow, I better eat first."
Jeremy nodded.  He would have to set up a training schedule to include meals, but not tonight.  He wanted to sleep.  He wanted to forget everything which had happened to him that day.  "Time?" Jeremy asked the house computer.  "Ten thirty-six," it replied.
"Alarm zero six hundred," he requested and headed for the sanitizer station.  After cleaning himself and his dress uniform, he disrobed, hung his uniform in the closet and climbed into the bed.
"Lights out," he whispered, and the lights extinguished.  Jeremy closed his eyes and forced himself to sleep.

Jeremy grumbled as the morning alarm went off.  While he was used to rising early, he had not slept well.  Despite everything, he was in a strange bed in an extravagant mansion.  It was not who he was.  Jeremy's small sterile barracks room at ICE Headquarters had been his home for over a year and before that, his room at the ICE Academy.  The sun was up, and Jeremy needed to rise as well.  Jeremy climbed out of bed and found his duffle.  Normally he would have unpacked before retiring, but he was hoping to get as much sleep as possible.  He shrugged realizing neither had happened.  It was throwing off his routine.
Jeremy found his PT clothes and headed for the comfort room.  Five minutes later he lay on the floor of his room and started his sit-ups.  By the time Jeremy had finished his sit-ups and push-ups, he was starving.  After cleaning and changing into a fresh pair of PT pants and a t-shirt, he headed out to find the kitchen.
As soon as Jeremy opened the bedroom door, he could smell the coffee, eggs and what he believed was bacon.  But it smelt different.  It was not just the smell of food but of smoke and heat.  It was his first time smelling real food being cooked; and not a pot of rat stew over an open flame in the slums.
Jeremy followed the aroma and found the kitchen.  Iramy was standing with her back to the entrance to the kitchen.  But as soon as Jeremy entered, Iramy instinctively turned towards him.  "I believe you like Tarian coffee?" she asked.  “With double sugar and goat's milk?"
Jeremy's eyes narrowed, and his nose crinkled.  "How did you know?"
"I downloaded your synthesizer file.  You are quite a creature of habit.  You eat the same breakfast every day."
"It works for me," Jeremy shrugged.  "If ain't broke, don’t fix it."
"Well today, the majority of your breakfast will not be synthesized.  I cannot get everything fresh, but you will find some fresh ingredients will totally change the way you look at food.  I have real eggs for your omelet and real bacon and tomatoes.  I will have to get more potatoes for your hash browns.  Mango juice will be a bit tougher and sorry, but I do not bake fresh bread or make my own jams.  I do have a contact or two who makes jams and preserves but not loganberry."
"Where do you get the fresh ingredients?" Jeremy asked looking around the kitchen.  He recognized the food synthesizer but not the stove, oven or refrigerator.  Even the double sink under the window surprised him, but then he remembered General Zadoorian had access to real water.
"Some we grow ourselves.  We have a vegetable garden.  The rest we trade or barter with other families who also maintain the old ways of cooking.  It is a dying art.  Fresh food is slipping away from us."
"You like cooking?" Jeremy asked Iramy.
"I do.  And I like the way the food tastes.  I mean, synthesized food is edible.  It tastes okay, but here, smell this," Iramy requested as she held out a fresh tomato.
Jeremy took the tomato from Iramy.  "Tomato?" he asked to confirm.  Iramy nodded.  Jeremy brought it up to his nose.  The smell was different than the synthesized tomatoes he had eaten.  "It smells different."
"It is the smell of the plant, the vine.  Now taste it," Iramy told Jeremy.  Jeremy looked around as if looking for a knife or something to slice it or dice it with.  "Just take a bite out of it like you would an apple."
Jeremy stared at Iramy as if she was crazy; as if she was pulling a practical joke.  "Just take a bite.  I have more in the garden."
Jeremy brought the tomato to his mouth and took a bite.  The feeling of the skin breaking and the warm tomato juice squirting into his mouth took him by surprise.  The juice dripping down his chin amazed him as well.  Wiping his chin with the back of his hand, Jeremy smiled.  "This tastes nothing like a synthesized tomato."
"But do you like it?" Iramy laughed.
Jeremy's eyes lit up as he smiled again.  "This is so much better.  You grew this?"
"We grow a lot of things.  We have a good sized garden out back.  Tomatoes, several types of peppers, sweet and hot, green beans, squash, zucchini, lettuce, potatoes, lots of herbs and few other things.  The potatoes will not be ready until later this year, but I have a friend who saves some for me.  He will trade me for some of the extra seeds I have."
"You have seeds?" Jeremy asked still surprised and amazed.
"Of course, we do," Avon announced as she strolled into the room.  "Every year we make sure to save seeds for the next year.  We trade some seeds for things we want and the rest we germinate in early spring out in the greenhouse.  It takes all of us to keep the garden flourishing.  You will be expected to help while you are here.  Captain Hanson, you are going to learn how to garden and get some dirt under those perfectly manicured nails of yours."
The more Jeremy learned about Avon, the more confused he became.  The prim and proper debutante knew how to grow her own food.  "You garden?" Jeremy asked.  Just a nanosecond ago he thought he knew everything there was to know about Avon.
"I love gardening.  The smell of the soil is amazing.  It is calming and naturally therapeutic," Avon laughed.  "You have a lot to learn about me."
Jeremy shrugged.  "I guess so."
"Well, breakfast is almost done," Iramy announced.  "Get your juice and toast ready.  The omelet will be ready in just minutes."
Jeremy walked to the food synthesizer and ordered his juice and toast.  As he stepped aside, he watched Iramy at the stove.  "The stove works on electricity?" Jeremy asked.
"Yes," Iramy replied.  "All the appliances do.  We have our own power converter."
"Amazing," Jeremy mumbled as he shook his head in disbelief.  "Totally amazing."
"After breakfast, I plan on showing you the grounds," Avon announced.  "Then I suppose you will want to nail down the training schedule?"
"Yes, and a meal plan," Jeremy nodded.  "We need to up your caloric intake if you intend on not fainting on me."
Avon grimaced.  "I am not used to eating as much as you."
"You do not need to eat as much as me, but you need to eat more than a cup of berries and a half slice of toast," Jeremy stated while looking at Avon's breakfast.  "Maybe you could try to incorporate some protein.  It will help burn calories and build muscle tone."
"I do not want muscles."
"You are going to need to build some if you expect to pass your evals.  Your stamina sucks; you, princess, are going to be hurting," Jeremy smirked.  He watched the look on Avon's face as he called her princess again.
"I will add protein to my profile," Avon offered as a way to increase her protein intake.
"Not good enough," Jeremy growled.  "You need food."
Iramy looked on while Jeremy and Avon quibbled.  She quickly realized the disdain the two had for one another.  Not because of who they were but what they were.  Avon was the daughter of an ICE General, and Jeremy was a determined ICE officer from the slums.  They were from two different worlds, and now their worlds were colliding.  Their careers depended on one another.  Despite their personal feelings, they would have to work together as a team.  Iramy knew it would be difficult for both of them.  It was evident both were used to being independent, loners.
Iramy turned to Avon.  "How about we try to increase the amount of food a little at a time?  I have an extra egg.  Go make a piece of toast, Jewish rye with butter.  I will make you an egg the way you used to eat it when you were little.  You used to like an egg on your toast."
Avon immediately felt as if Iramy had abandoned her and was colluding with the enemy.  Yes, Jeremy was the enemy, and Iramy had defected to his side.  Avon's jaw clenched; her lips tight in a straight line.  Avon stood and picked up the uneaten half piece of toast on her plate.  Walking towards the food synthesizer, she threw it away.  "I am only eating one piece of toast," Avon scowled.
Jeremy was happy Avon had agreed to eat a little more.  Still, he was concerned.  He knew she would not survive the training if she did not eat.  Even agreeing to eat an egg and full piece of toast, Jeremy knew it would not be enough.  However, until Avon realized the truth, there was nothing he could do outside of force-feeding her.  Jeremy looked again at Avon.  Even in long pants and a long-sleeved top, he could see just how thin she was.  He knew the look of emaciation.  He had seen his own body that way when he first joined ICE when he had only eaten one or two meals a day.  However, he had a reason for being thin.  Avon came from money.  She did not need to starve.  She could afford to eat.  He had heard of women, girls who did not eat trying to stay as thin as they could.  But why?  Why was she so abhorred of eating?
Jeremy took another bite of his omelet.  "This really is so much better with real eggs and tomatoes," Jeremy sighed.  "Thank you Iramy."  Iramy smiled and nodded.  Jeremy continued to watch Avon as he ate.  Sure he ate a lot.  He liked eating.  At times, he wondered if he was trying to make up for all the meals he missed growing up.  Sure, if he ate less, maybe he would not have to work out as much.  Maybe that's it, Jeremy pondered.  Maybe it is not about eating but about physical activity.  Maybe Avon did not like to workout; to sweat, or to push herself to her physical limits.  Had she nearly failed her evals because she did not have the strength needed work out and to meet the minimum standards, or did she just not like working out?  Jeremy was sure he was about to find out.
After breakfast, Jeremy stayed behind in the kitchen to talk to Iramy.  "I need your help," he told her.  "We have to get Cadet Zadoorian to eat more.  She will not survive if she doesn't."
"Avon's eating or lack thereof started about the time she hit puberty.  When her body started changing, she stopped eating.  It was a way for her to stay thin and not have a feminine body.  Thinking her father wanted a son instead of a daughter has always conflicted her."
"But she wears her hair long and wears makeup, nail polish," Jeremy stated as a question.
"It is a bit of a contradiction.  It is as if a part of Avon is trying to please her father and part of her is fighting for independence.  We were hoping Avon would figure it out on her own.  Pressuring her may have made things worse.  However, if she wants to continue at the Academy, she has to decide; eat or fail the evals."
Jeremy knew Avon really did not want to be a soldier.  She was only doing it to please her father.  Avon did not know what she wanted to be, who she wanted to be.  In a way, Jeremy felt pity for her.  Jeremy had wanted to be a soldier all his life.  It was all he had ever aspired to be.  And as long as Avon's plans for her life included ICE, he would do whatever it took over the next three months to ensure she passed her physical evaluations.
"We can add a little food at a time," Jeremy sighed.  "She will catch on fast enough that she will not make it if she doesn't.  I will not force her to eat, but I will push her to her physical limits and then some."
"I am sorry you have been placed in this position, Captain Hanson," Iramy stated sincerely.  "But you are the best person for this job.  I am not saying it will be easy.  It definitely will not be fun but if anyone can do it, you can."
Jeremy nodded while trying to find his resolve.  "Go find Avon and take a tour of the grounds.  This afternoon we can put together a meal plan.  Try to relax this morning."
Jeremy found Avon in the library.  He was amazed by all the books General Zadoorian owned.  The room had to wall to wall antique cherry wood shelves.  Each shelf filled with books.  A large wooden desk sat to one side with a wood burning fireplace on the outer wall.  The furniture was leather in dark colors but warm and welcoming.  Just like the other rooms of the mansion, it was cozy, homey, just like a home should be.
"I am ready for a tour," Jeremy announced to Avon.  "Maybe you can show me the garden and the grounds?"
Silently Avon walked back to the kitchen and out the back door.  Jeremy followed.  The weather was perfect, sunny and not too warm.  Jeremy looked out over the formal garden and could not speak.  He had never seen anything like it.  The lawn seemed to go on forever.  Flower beds surrounded a fountain, colorful and full.  He could smell a myriad of fragrances; mostly lavender, lots of lavender.  He swore he could smell the grass.  "The garden and the greenhouse are on the other side of the trees," Avon explained.  "I will show you."
Avon walked towards the fountain and Jeremy continued to follow.  Nearing the flower beds, Jeremy was overwhelmed by the scent.  "I have never smelled anything like this," Jeremy mumbled, almost embarrassed by how enjoyable he found it.
Avon turned left and continued down a stone path through the trees.  Coming out on the other side, Jeremy stared.  He had never seen fresh vegetables growing before.  For a moment, he thought he had landed on another planet.  He looked from row to row, naming off the vegetables he saw and could recognize.  "Where are the potatoes?" he asked.
"Below ground, silly," Avon laughed curtly.  "They are a root vegetable.  We will dig them up in the fall."
Jeremy was insulted by the way Avon spoke to him.  He knew nothing about farming or gardening.  The only thing he knew about dirt was the dirt which used to lie beneath his mat back in the slums.  "You love making feel inferior don't you, princess?" Jeremy sneered.  "I did not grow up like you did.  We are different; entirely different."  Jeremy turned on his heel and started back towards the mansion.
"Captain Hanson, stop, please," Avon begged.  "I am sorry.  Really I am.  I guess I forgot how different we are.  We are the opposite sides of the spectrum in just about everything, how we were raised, where we were raised, gender, ambitions, everything.  The only thing we have in common is ICE and the fact we will be inseparable for the next three months."
Jeremy had stopped walking but kept his back to Avon.  He refused to turn and face her.
"Captain Hanson," Avon started just barely above a whisper.  "We can teach each other so many things.  We can learn from each other.  I can teach you about plants and gardening, and you can help me learn to run without falling."  Avon knew she had gone too far and she needed Captain Hanson even if she did not want to admit it to herself.  Avon hoped a little self-deprecation would lighten the mood.
In a way, Jeremy needed her also.  Well, maybe not Avon herself, but he needed to complete this assignment successfully and earn his way to a battleship.  Caught between a rock and a hard place, he turned and nodded.  "PT in the morning and gardening in the afternoon.  We start tomorrow."  Jeremy turned on his heel again and walked away, leaving Avon amongst the rows of vegetables.


Chapter 5 - A Change in Command

After another day of avoiding each other except for meals, Jeremy woke at six the next morning.  After dressing, he pounded on Avon's door.  "Time to get up, princess.  The morning is mine."
Avon grumbled and pulled her pillow over her head to muffle the sound of Jeremy yelling.  "I said get up!" Jeremy screamed louder.  Hearing no movement inside the room, he pushed the door open and stormed to the bed.  "Get up, Cadet!" Jeremy barked out as an order.  When Avon did not respond, Jeremy grabbed her by the arm and forcibly pulled her onto the floor.
"What the frack?" Avon screamed, staring up at Jeremy.
"I am your trainer for the summer; in essence your commanding officer," Jeremy growled.  "Now get up!  You have five minutes to meet me on the back patio.  For every minute you keep me waiting, I will add a mile to the run."
Avon stared up at Jeremy, shocked and frightened.
"Five minutes," Jeremy repeated and stormed away.
"Asshole," Avon seethed under her breath as Jeremy left the room.  After sitting on the floor for nearly a minute, Avon realized she needed to dress and meet the deadline.  Avon was not sure what Jeremy had planned for the morning, but an extra mile of running was not on her agenda.  She jumped into her PT uniform, pulled back her hair into a ponytail and ran to the back of the house.
"You made it," Jeremy laughed with a big smile.  "Now I know how to motivate you.  Tomorrow you will be dressed and down here by six.  Every minute late means more miles, more sit-ups, more pushups, and more weight.  So every additional stab of pain will be your own doing.  Do you understand, Cadet?"
"Yes," Avon replied softly.
"Yes what, Cadet?" Jeremy asked with a menacing smile.
"Yes, Sir!" Avon barked as she realized her three months of hell had commenced.
"I will give you five minutes to stretch, and then we start running.  I need to know your current limitations.  Then we will do push-ups and sit-ups.  I will grab some water for the run."
Five minutes later, Jeremy started jogging towards the main road.  "Keep up, Cadet or we go back and put on a full rucksack.  I am sure you do not want the added weight.  Hell, a full pack probably weighs more than you do."
"How far are we going?" Avon asked, already breathing hard.
"As far as it takes," Jeremy replied.
"As far as it takes to what?" Avon asked stopping dead in her tracks.
"For you to fall to the ground unable to take another step," Jeremy shrugged.
"Then what?"
"Then you will get your ass up, and we will run back.  Now, let's go.  I will even let you set the pace.  But you will run, and you will not stop again until you cannot take another step."
Avon started putting one foot in front of the other again.  "You cannot do this you know.  I do not report to you.  I can stop anytime I want."
"Wrong again, Cadet Zadoorian," Jeremy smiled.  "I talked to your father and the commandant of the Academy last night.  I am officially your commanding officer until the end of August."
Avon felt her world come to an end and fought to keep her knees from buckling.  She started wondering if a trip to Hell would be more enjoyable.  She fought to keep from crying; she failed.  Silently, tears streamed down Avon's face with each step she took.  Failure to follow Jeremy's commands would result in her expulsion from the Academy for insubordination.  Avon had no doubts Captain Hanson would follow through on any threat he made.  He would win the battle even at the detriment of her career.  He would ensure he got his assignment to a warship.  As Avon's anger mounted, she found it harder and harder to breathe.  They were barely a mile from the front door of the mansion and Avon was about to collapse.
"Already?" Jeremy asked as he heard Avon's breathing become more laborious.  "I know you can run at least another mile or more."
Avon stopped.  Bending over and placing her hands on her knees, she tried to control her breathing.  She felt a panic attack mounting.
"You did this on purpose," Avon screamed.  "You are just doing this to get back at me."
"Maybe at first, but honestly, unless you are being commanded, you do not respond.  You do not respect me or what I am supposed to accomplish this summer.  You fight me every step of the way; treating me as your subordinate.  I am a Captain in ICE.  You are the Cadet.  Now it is as it should be.  You are no longer in a position to dispute my demands.  Your skinny ass is mine."
Jeremy watched as Avon's tears became more torrential.  "You can cry all you want, but you better do it with your feet moving.  So start running."
Avon stood up straight and glared at Jeremy full of hatred and disdain.  With her teeth and jaw clenched, Avon inhaled deep and exhaled.  She hoped her hatred would give her the motivation she needed to make it another mile.
Unfortunately, Avon's anger betrayed her and used what little energy she had.  Just a mile and a half from the mansion, her legs gave out.  As she slumped to the ground, Jeremy could hear Avon mumble, "I hate you."
Jeremy looked down.  "I do not care if you hate me, but you are wasting energy doing so; as if you had any, to begin with.  Your body cannot build muscle and stamina without eating.  Even in the slums, I ate more than you did all day yesterday.  You will not survive the training.  Hell, you would not survive a day in the rough.  If we were being attacked and I had to count on you to cover my six, I would have to shoot you myself and take my chances alone.  You may know about military tactics and strategies, but you are not a fighter.  As a soldier, you are nothing but a liability."
"Who says I want to go into battle," Avon cried.  "Just hide me away in some office and let me do my job."
"Your job right now is to pass your evals.  It is your only job.  You are a disgrace to the uniform.  If it were up to me, I would process your resignation myself, right here, right now.  Except your father would have your ass and mine.  Now stand up, and we will head back to the mansion."
The two walked back to the mansion in silence.  Entering, Avon saw several men moving exercise equipment into one of the spare rooms on the main floor.  "What the frack is that?"
"We will work out every day.  And I am sure you do not want to run in the rain, so I have ordered two treadmills, weights, and a few other things.  After breakfast, we will start on weight training.  We need to build your overall strength."
Jeremy ushered Avon into the kitchen for breakfast.  After ordering up his usual three-egg omelet, he ordered Avon's breakfast.  It was the same as his but half the amount.
"I cannot eat all that," Avon disputed, looking at her plate.
"Yes you will, and before you ask, yes, it is an order."
Iramy glared at Jeremy both surprised and appalled.  Just as Iramy opened her mouth to utter her protest, Jeremy glared at her.  His eyes told Iramy to back down.
"You will eat it all, and you will finish by the time I do.  We will not sit here all day waiting for you to eat breakfast.  For every extra minute, it takes to finish, I will add another pound of weights to your training."
Avon's eyes opened wide.  "You are going to punish me, like a child?"
"Not like a child but you will quickly come to realize there are consequences for your actions.  You will follow my commands to the letter," Jeremy explained.
Not waiting for Avon to reply, Jeremy started eating.  He glanced over and saw Avon take her first bite.  He nearly laughed seeing her grimace.  Within minutes, he finished his breakfast.  Avon had barely eaten half.  Silently, Jeremy marked the time and waited.
It took Avon another fourteen minutes to force the remainder of the food down.  She looked as if she was going to vomit.
"Fourteen pounds of weights today and fourteen pounds in your rucksack tomorrow for the run," Jeremy smirked.
"You did not say anything about a rucksack," Avon cried out.
"Oops.  It must have slipped my mind.  Weight training starts in thirty minutes.  Be on time, or I will double the weight."
Jeremy knew Avon wanted to protest but not without the possibility of repercussions.  Silently, Avon stood and walked away.  Once Avon had left the kitchen, Iramy spoke up.  "Captain Hanson, I will not undermine your authority, but I will go on record that I do not approve of your methods.  They are cruel and demeaning."
"Duly noted," Jeremy replied succinctly as he walked outside for some fresh air.  He did not want to say it out loud, but he agreed with Iramy.  His tactics were cruel and demeaning, but he knew of no other way to deal with Avon.  Jeremy was not going to coddle her.  It was evident, even at the Academy, Cadet Zadoorian had never been held to the minimum standards.  Had Avon been someone else's daughter she would not have lasted the first month let alone the first year.  Jeremy was not proud of his actions, but now that he had drawn the proverbial line in the sand, he could not back down or retreat.
Jeremy entered to exercise room ten minutes early to set up and found Avon waiting for him.  Avon was early.  While stoic on the outside, inside Jeremy, was smiling.  He was one step closer to his goal.  "You still have ten minutes," Jeremy said softly.
"I would rather get this over with."
"We are going to work on your upper body.  Your arms are as skinny as my thumb.  We will start with two sets of ten; fourteen pounds.  It should be easy enough."
Jeremy demonstrated each exercise.  He nearly smiled again as Avon completed each set flawlessly.  When Avon was finished, Jeremy grinned.  "Good job, Cadet," Jeremy told Avon sincerely.  "Go clean up, I will meet you later for lunch."  After Avon had left, Jeremy added more weight and worked out for an additional hour.
Lunch was quiet, not a word spoken by anyone.  Jeremy headed outside and to the vegetable garden after helping Iramy clean the kitchen.  He waited for Avon to join him.  He had agreed to help her in the garden in the afternoon and learn about farming.  Avon never showed.
Jeremy strolled through the rows of vegetables, picking a few for dinner and a few for breakfast the next morning.  Then he walked back to the house.  He handed his harvest to Iramy and tried to smile.  "Is she okay?" Jeremy asked genuinely.
"It was a tough morning.  Give Avon some time.  She is not accustomed to being spoken to the way you did and especially not in her own home."
"I will keep my distance," Jeremy responded.  "I am going to set up everything for tomorrow, wipe down the equipment and do some reading.  Would it be okay to read one of the books in the library?"
"Of course," Iramy smiled.  While she was a bit upset with Jeremy's actions that morning, she knew deep down he was a good person.  "Please make yourself at home."


The next morning, Jeremy rose at five thirty and headed to the back of the house to wait on Avon.  He intentionally did not knock on her door on the way past.  Six o'clock came and went, and Avon had not arrived.  At eight minutes after the hour, Avon came running out the door pulling on her shoes.
"Six-oh-eight," Jeremy growled marking the time.
"I am sorry.  I am really sorry," Avon cried as if begging for her life.
Jeremy did not respond.  He walked over to her rucksack and opened it.  Slowly and deliberately Jeremy added eight more pounds to her pack, one pound at a time.
"What the..." Avon started but quickly closed her mouth.
"Every minute you are late equals another pound," Jeremy announced.  "You are up to twenty-two pounds."  Jeremy could see Avon's horror.  As Avon fought back the tears, he saw her bottom lip quiver.  "It is time to go, Cadet.  We are doing three miles today; one way."
As soon as Avon took her first step the first tear betrayed her.  Jeremy tried to ignore the tears.  He was after all supposed to be a hard-core soldier.  He was sure Avon had used her tears to manipulate others in more than one situation.  Jeremy knew he could not back down or show compassion or remorse.  However, six miles of running would be torture for both him and Avon.
"You need to regulate your breathing," Jeremy instructed.  "It will make it easier for your body to oxygenate your blood and feed your muscles."
Avon fought to dry her tears; to breathe normally.  However, the harder she tried, the harder it became.  "What was it like growing up in the mansion?" Jeremy asked hoping Avon talking would help her to breathe normally and distract her from the run.
"Do you really care?" Avon seethed.  Her disdain for Jeremy spewed forward like poison from a cobra.
"I am just trying to help," Jeremy replied in a soft tone.  "I remember how hard my first months were.  It took a while for me to build up my stamina and strength.  I was thin, and I had to build myself up from nothing much like you are doing now.  I did not have someone to mentor me, to help me.  I had to figure everything out myself.  I just thought I would share what worked for me."
"What would be talking about my childhood have anything to do with your workout regiment?" Avon nearly screamed.
"I would sing," Jeremy replied a bit embarrassed.  "I would run with music playing and sing at the top of my lungs.  Of course, I would run when no one else was around.  I am not a very good singer."
"You want me to sing?"
"No, I want you to talk or chant; anything to get you breathing regularly.  We could sing a cadence?"
"A Jody song?" Avon sneered.  "They are so sexist."
"Of course, they are," Jeremy laughed.  "They keep the guys in high spirits."
"I hate them."
"Of course, you do.  Come on, just one.  I will start."
Avon nearly came to a halt.  She hated the cadence which had been sung for centuries.  Before she could express her hatred, Jeremy had started to sing.  "I do not know, but it's been said, Glorcan girls will warm your bed."
"Sexist!" Avon spat.
"You have a better one?" Jeremy laughed.
"I do not know, but it's been said, Zarcon soldiers will knock you dead."
"Okay, no sexual innuendos," Jeremy acquiesced.  "But how many miles can you go singing one line over and over?"
"Hopefully three miles if we are singing Row Row Row Your Boat."
"Start singing then," Jeremy stated with his head cocked.  "You first."
Avon started, and Jeremy joined in.  At the end of three miles, Jeremy stopped.  "It is time to turn around and head back to the house.  Remember, next week we start working on time.  You need to run six miles in full pack in forty-two minutes.  That is a seven-minute mile.  And that is just to pass the evaluation.  I am going for a five-minute mile.  Hope you can keep up."
Without warning, Jeremy started sprinting back to the house.  "Let's go, princess.  I am hungry."
Avon took a deep breath and started running.  Even though her pack weighed much less than Jeremy's, she still had a difficult time catching up with him.  Avon could see Jeremy move further and further ahead of her.  She could see him turning around occasionally to see where she was.  She noticed Jeremy was not even running at his full speed.  She knew she was in trouble.  Avon knew he was going to prod her day after day to meet his standards.  She knew she would collapse before she arrived at the mansion.
Avon arrived back at the mansion more than fifteen minutes after Jeremy.  Each step, each stride down the long drive towards the house was slow and laborious.  She saw Jeremy standing in the doorway with his stopwatch.  Avon noticed he had already changed clothes.  Jeremy had enough time to enter the sanitation stall while waiting for her to arrive.  Avon was furious.  She could feel the sweat rolling down her face and chest.  She could feel the puddle of water which had accumulated in the small cleavage of her chest.  She wanted nothing more than to be clean, dry, and in fresh clothing; except to collapse in her bed and never see Captain Hanson again.
Stumbling the last few feet, Avon allowed the pack to fall off her shoulders.  "No time to shower, princess," Jeremy chuckled.  "Breakfast is cold, and we still have weight training.  You can clean up after we are done."
"But..." Avon started to argue but quickly remembered Jeremy was now her superior officer.  She would have to follow his commands.
Jeremy took pity on her for just a moment; a very short moment and handed her a bottle of water.  "Drink up, princess."


Chapter 6 - Out of Uniform

The remainder of the first week of training and the entire second week of training went much the same.  It did not take long for Jeremy and Iramy to see the transformation of Avon's body from thin and straight to muscular and curvy.  She was starting to look like a woman and a soldier.  She no longer looked like a malnourished slum rat or an anorexic debutante.  Each day Jeremy pushed Avon's physical limits and every day he added more food to her diet.
It was towards the end of week three when Avon showed up late for PT.  She walked out timidly pulling on her clothing, trying to cover herself, trying to find a way to make herself a smidgeon more comfortable.
Jeremy tried to act mean and authoritative, but he had seen this situation before with other female ICE cadets.  Usually, it was the opposite scenario, the women losing weight and trying not to drown or trip in clothing now too big for them.  Jeremy could only laugh.
Avon could not look directly at Jeremy as she wrapped her arms tightly around her breasts.  "My clothes do not fit," Avon whispered.  "I have gained weight, and I need some new clothes."
Jeremy nodded and then noticed why Avon was hugging herself.  She was braless.  "Are you out of uniform, Cadet Zadoorian?" Jeremy asked while trying not to stare or chuckle.
Avon blushed and looked away.  "My bra is too tight and my...my boobs are falling out.  It is even getting painful to run.  I did not have this problem before."
"Well, we cannot have you running six miles without proper undergarments.  We will need to procure new PT uniforms and whatnots before we continue.  I guess we need to eat and then head over to Headquarters."
"I think I need to stop in and visit Dr. Booth too."
"Are you sick?"
"I am not sure.  I have some weird cramps."
"You are going to have pain from running and the weight training.  You are up to a hundred sit-ups."
Avon stared at the ground and closed her eyes.  She mumbled barely above a whisper, "That is not what I am talking about.  It is a female thing."
Jeremy did not know how to reply.  This was not something he was trained for.  This was not something he ever had to deal with before.  He felt his jaw tighten.  "Aren’t all the female Cadets on hormones to stop that?"
"I have never had a need.  I have never had my..." Avon paused in embarrassment.  "Dr. Booth says it is because I have always been too thin; something about no body fat."
"So we need to get you to the doctor and buy clothes?"
"I guess so."
Avon found some clothing which fit a little looser and at seven o'clock she called Dr. Booth.  She explained her situation and Dr. Booth agreed to see Avon without an appointment.  After a light breakfast, they climbed into the General's transport and headed to Lorain City and ICE Headquarters.
As soon as Avon walked into Dr. Booth's waiting room, with Iramy and Jeremy in tow, Dr. Booth's receptionist jumped up.  "I will inform Colonel Booth you have arrived," the receptionist advised Avon.  "He will see you next.  It should not be more than fifteen minutes."
Jeremy stood in the middle of the waiting room, in his uniform, in shock.  "Does the ICE Flight Surgeon always drop everything when you show up?"
Avon had contemplated for a few moments before she replied.  Colonel Booth had always been her doctor.  Avon could not remember being cared for by anyone else.  "Yes," she replied and then sat down next to Iramy.
Wrapping her arm around her lower abdomen, Avon leaned forward and tried to stifle her painful groan.  "Does it always hurt like this?" Avon whispered to Iramy.  
"Sometimes," Iramy replied softly and wrapped her arm around Avon's shoulder to comfort her.
Twelve minutes later, Dr. Booth opened the door to his exam room.  Avon tried to feign a smile.  She failed.  Booth nodded to Iramy.  "Bring her back."
Avon gingerly stood and ambled towards the exam room.  Dr. Booth's eyes went wide seeing the changes Avon's body had gone through and in such a short period of time.  Dr. Booth had seen Avon only three weeks ago at the ICE party.  The once anorexic girl had put on weight.  Her body had transformed to one suitable for her age.  Avon had quickly blossomed into a woman.
Dr. Booth closed the door once Avon and Iramy were inside.  "How many pounds have you put on in the last three weeks?"
"I am not sure.  But I am eating a lot, and I am running every day."
"Are you doing weight training too?"
"Yes."
"Your body is changing so fast.  While you have very little body fat, your hormone levels are fighting to keep up.  You are about to have your first menses."
Avon closed her eyes and tried not to cry.  "Not now.  I am supposed to be training.  A female cadet isn't supposed to have her period.  My body is in enough pain.  I do not need cramps on top of it."
"I am sorry, Avon," Dr. Booth stately sincerely.  "I cannot give you the shot until you have gone through a complete cycle.  It is why I did not give it to you before.  You are going to have an interesting week."
"Great!" Avon snapped.  "Cramps and PT.  This week is going to suck."
Dr. Booth chuckled softly.  "No PT this week."
Avon laughed sarcastically.  "Oh, like Captain Hanson is going to agree to that."
"I will talk to him," Dr. Booth offered.  "But I have to say, you look great.  I know Hanson is pushing you hard, but in the long run, it will be worth it.  Someday you are going to be a tremendous asset to ICE.  In the meantime, let me get you a care package to take with you; some toiletries and something for the pain.  I will stop by the house in about five or six days and give you your hormone shot.  Move around as much as possible and soak in a hot tub of water.  It will help relax the muscles.  Iramy will instruct you on the use of the toiletries."
"What about the mood swings?" Iramy asked.
"I understand your concern," Dr. Booth chuckled.  "But Avon needs to experience this, so she will appreciate being a woman."
"That is cruel," Iramy sneered.
"Not really.  You have been through it.  Billions of women before her have been through it.  She needs to be able to empathize with them."
"I am right here," Avon snapped.  "Quit talking about me like I am not in the room.  And what about the tenderness in my breasts?  They are swollen, and the pain is unbearable.  Even walking, they hurt."
"My wife and daughter swear by sports bras when it is their time of the month.  The clothing store downstairs carries them."
Avon growled.  "I am going to need a whole new wardrobe."
"I would not buy too much.  Get what you need.  I am sure you will need all new uniforms this fall.  ICE will pay for it.  Anything you buy today is out of your pocket," Dr. Booth reminded her.
While Dr. Booth's nurse was gathering the items for Avon's care package, Dr. Booth was busy talking to Jeremy.  "Captain Hanson, you need to give Avon the next week off from training, and you may want to put some space, physical space, between the two of you."
"But Cadet Zadoorian is supposed to be training."
"I understand, but Avon's body is changing too fast, and emotionally she is going to be a mess.  Trust me I know.  I live with two women.  I know when to run and hide with my tail between my legs.  I am no fool."
Avon gave Dr. Booth a goodbye hug, and the three left.  It was a short elevator ride down to the ICE clothing store.  Jeremy stood as far away from Avon as possible.  Iramy laughed as she saw the fear in Jeremy's eyes.  It was if he was waiting for Avon to transform into an alien monster and attack him.
Entering the clothing store, Avon went straight for the sports bras.  Jeremy blushed with embarrassment and quickly looked away.  Shopping for evening gowns was bad enough, but undergarments were out of his comfort zone.  "This isn't what I signed up for," Jeremy growled and then walked away.
Iramy helped Avon pick out some new sweatpants and t-shirts.  "I will grab a couple pair of cargo pants, just in case.  What color do you want?"
"It does not matter," Avon snapped.
"Sweetie, I know this is hard on you.  Most girls your age have already done this six dozen times.  Still, you have to try not to snap at everyone."
"I am sorry.  Really I am.  I hurt.  I feel like I am about to be possessed by a demon.  I do not feel in control of my own body."
"That is normal.  You are normal.  When we get back home, I will get you a ton of chocolate and some caffeine.  It always helps me.  Now try these on," Iramy instructed.  "You will want them a little loose but not too much.  You may need them again, later."
Avon nodded and went into the dressing room.  Iramy selected three pairs of navy cargo pants for herself and grabbed some other essentials for Avon, socks, a belt, and a few shirts.
"Lunch?" Iramy suggested as they paid for their purchases.
"I just want to go home," Avon replied as civil as she could muster.  "I am tired."

Two days later, General Jax Zadoorian contacted Jeremy.  Jeremy went to the General's office to take the intergalactic transmission.  "How is the training progressing?" General Zadoorian asked.
"Cadet Zadoorian is still at an eight-minute mile in half pack, sir," Jeremy replied succinctly while standing at attention.
General Zadoorian frowned.  "She needs to do better.  I cannot have her washing out of the program.  I cannot protect her for another year.  She needs to be combat ready and soon."
"I will start combat training and weapons training next week.  It will be helpful if we could bivouac for a week.  It would be an excellent introduction to the survival course next session."
General Zadoorian smiled.  "That is a good idea, Captain Hanson.  I know the perfect place.  I will send you the coordinates.  Send me an outline of your thoughts for the week; what you would like to accomplish.  I know I gave you an impossible task, but I am counting on you to succeed.  Someday Avon's life will depend on it."
Jeremy clicked his heels.  "Yes, sir."
Avon walked into the room and saw her father on the screen.  "Daddy!" Avon called out gleefully.  It had been weeks since she had seen or spoken to her father.  And the last interaction had not been pleasant.  Avon had stolen a bottle of wine and faced possible expulsion from the Academy.
"How is the training progressing?" General Zadoorian asked again.  He wanted to hear Avon's opinion; her side of the story.
"Captain Hanson is relentless.  I hurt all over.  And I am tired all the time."
"I talked to Dr. Booth last night.  He said you stopped by for a visit.  He told me you were doing well.  I have to say you look well.  You seem stronger and healthier.  You look like you have been eating."
"Yes, sir.  Captain Hanson is quite persuasive when it comes to eating."
"Good.  Captain Hanson's proposal to be your superior officer was a good plan.  Finally, you are listening and obeying.  You actually look like a young woman and not a little girl."
"When will you be home?" Avon asked.
"It is going to be at least another month, probably longer.  There is unrest in the Zarog Galaxy."  Then General Zadoorian paused.  "We are sure there will be a battle for the throne on Zarcon soon."  The General paused again seeing Iramy standing in the background.  General Zadoorian saw fear and panic overcome Iramy's face.  But it was the only way to let Iramy know more than he could overtly reveal.  "But I am sure we will be able to stop the insurrection," General Zadoorian quickly added.  "In the meantime, I need you to train as if your life depended on it.  We could be headed for war."
"Yes, Daddy," Avon replied, a bit fearful.  Not for herself but for her father.
General Zadoorian turned his gaze back to Jeremy.  "Captain Hanson, train her hard.  I am counting on you."
"Yes, Sir," Jeremy replied still standing at attention.
General Zadoorian then addressed his daughter.  "Are you up to the task, Cadet?"
"Yes, Daddy."
"Cadet?"
"Yes, sir," Avon replied snapping to attention and blinking rapidly to stave her tears.  It broke her heart her father no longer treated her like his little girl but like another ICE Cadet; another subordinate.


Chapter 7 - Weapons Training

After breakfast the following Wednesday, Iramy stood and started walking towards the exterior door of the kitchen.  "Before Avon starts running tomorrow again, I want to show you something.  Follow me," Iramy said gravely and veiled.  Jeremy and Avon looked at each other confused.  Neither knew what Iramy was about to do.  They shrugged with raised brows and acquiesced.
Iramy led Avon and Jeremy out the rear of the mansion and towards the garden.  Both followed silently.  While curious, both trusted Iramy implicitly.  Iramy walked through the rows of vegetables.  Minutes later she entered the greenhouse.  Iramy walked to the far corner and stopped.  Still, silent and safeguarded, she reached behind the hydroponic planter and pushed a concealed button.  Avon and Jeremy watched in silence as the water disappeared and the bottom of the planter revealed a keypad lock.
Iramy reached down and entered a twelve digit code and the lock released.  She pulled the handle, lifting the trap door.  Avon and Jeremy stared in shock at the steps leading to a cavern below.  Iramy pushed another hidden button on the back side of the planter, and a light at the bottom of the stairs illuminated a concrete tunnel.  Avon looked at Iramy as if asking a question, silently asking for more information, for an answer to the unasked question.  What is this?  Iramy never answered.
"After you," Iramy motioned to Jeremy and Avon with a roguish grin.  Jeremy took the lead and descended the steep staircase.  Avon followed.  When they both reach the bottom, they looked around confused.  Both looked around seeing only two doors, one on each side of the staircase.
Seconds later, Iramy was standing beside them.  "Everything you need for weapons training is here," she advised Avon and Jeremy.  Iramy moved forward to the door on the right of the staircase.  She placed her hand on a scanner and then entered another twelve digit code.  Passing the first two levels of security the metal door opened revealing a small entrance way and another metal door, this one much larger and with a bank style lock, a vault.  Iramy approached the door and pushed another code into a keypad.  A retina scanner appeared.  Iramy leaned forward and allowed her right eye to be scanned.  The lock on the second door released with a loud click.  Iramy pulled the door open.  As she did, the lights in the vault illuminated.
Jeremy and Avon peered inside.  Jeremy was shocked to see so many types of weapons.  Avon was shocked to discover her father had so many kinds of weapons.  Jeremy smiled.  Avon could only gasp in disbelief.
"Your father has been collecting weapons for a very long time.  Some are just for show.  The rest are for protection."
"But why out here?" Avon asked.  She did not know about the collection.
"General Zadoorian starting collecting for fun before you were born.  Then he began collecting for protection when you were quite young.  But he was afraid to store them inside the house.  He had this bunker and vault built while you were still a baby."
"But why a bunker?"	
Iramy paused to collect her thoughts.  "It is a dangerous world out there," she finally stated sadly.  "If the galaxy went to hell in a handbasket, he wanted to know his family was safe; that you were safe."
"So he collected weapons?" Avon asked still confused.
"And he built the bunker."
"Is that what is behind the other door?" Jeremy inquired.  While an outsider, not family, he was still curious.  He was learning things about General Jax Zadoorian he never imagined.  Yes, the General was the consummate military man, but he was also a father, a provider and a protector for his family, his daughter.  He was sentimental, a collector.
"Yes," Iramy confirmed.  "But I must swear you both to secrecy.  You must not tell anyone.  It is too dangerous."
Avon looked at Jeremy and then back to Iramy.  She had known Iramy all her life, and Iramy's tone clearly showed fear and distrust.  Avon was confused.  She knew there was more than what Iramy was revealing, but with Jeremy there, Avon would not ask.  Avon instinctively knew Iramy had already exposed more than she had felt safe.
Jeremy started looking at the collection of antique weapons; pistols, assault rifles, and revolvers from the twentieth century.  He became as excited as a child in a toy store.  He was a soldier, and these were the ultimate toys of his trade.  He had seen many weapons on display in the small Academy Museum.  But Jeremy had never seen some of the items on hooks, artfully presented and touchable.  Jeremy smiled when he saw the first laser weapon proudly exhibited.  There were even more primitive weapons such as bows and quivers filled with arrows, swords, and spears.  The collection showed the advancement of weaponry over several centuries.  His eyes darted from wall to wall trying to take it all in before he woke up, to discover it was all a dream.
"You can use the weapons over here," Iramy announced as she motioned to open racks of weapons; some old, some modern.  "There is a shooting range on the back side of the vault.  You have to go through the family bunker to get to it."
"A certified firing range?" Jeremy muttered in disbelief.
"For all weapons," Iramy chuckled.  "But for bows or swords, I would suggest going outside.  It is much more fun in a natural setting."
Avon was surprised.  "You know how to use a bow?"
Iramy started laughing.  The sound was light and delightful.  "I learned when I was a child.  I am or was quite adept with both a bow and a sword.  Your father and I would occasionally spar when you were little.  There is nothing more exhilarating than a sword fight; the weight of the sword in your hand; the clank of the metal making contact; the swish of the air.  It is really quite invigorating."
Avon took a long look at Iramy as if she was seeing her for the first time.  She had always seen Iramy has a quiet, docile nanny and homemaker; not a fighter.
"I have some secrets of my own," Iramy giggled.  "Maybe someday..."  Iramy did not finish.  The smile left her face.  Only sadness and gloom remained.  "Let me unlock the door to the family quarters," Iramy offered as a distraction to the memories now racing through her mind.  Memories she hoped she would never have to share; secrets she hoped she would take to her grave.  Silently and quickly she prayed that it would remain so.
Jeremy's head moved erratically around the room trying to decide which weapons to start with.  After weighing all the options, he picked a standard issue laser, a Solarian spear and then with a mischievous grin he reached for an obsolete assault rifle, circa 2010.  As his hand touched the cold black metal, he glanced at Iramy as if asking for permission.  Iramy smiled in approval.  "The bullets are in the drawer below."
Jeremy opened the drawer and saw several thousand rounds of ammunition for the assault rifle.  He reached down and pulled out a small box holding only fifty rounds and an empty clip.  "I have always wanted to fire one of these," he smirked.
Iramy laughed and took the rifle from Jeremy.  "Give that thing to me before you hurt someone.  Let me show you a thing or two."  Iramy pointed the weapon away from everyone and check the chamber to ensure it was empty.  "The safety is on the right.  After you insert the clip, pull back on the slide and load the first round.  Use your thumb to release the safety and then fire."
Iramy held the rifle against her shoulder.  "Pull it in tight, or it will bounce back and inflict a bruise the size of a Glorcan parsnip.  This weapon has quite a kick."
"I am sure I can handle it," Jeremy smirked with a large dose of confidence mixed with arrogance.
"I was going to head back to the house and read," Iramy laughed, shaking her head from side to side.  "But I think I will hang around.  I will grab the first aid kit on the way through.  I am sure you will need a lesson or two on how to aim and how to pull the trigger."
"How hard can it be?" Jeremy smirked again.
Iramy was laughing so hard she had to wipe the tears from her eyes.  "Modern weapons are mainly point and push.  These archaic weapons require skill and truth be told women were better shots than men.  We have better breath control."
Jeremy growled.  "Are you saying you are a better marksman than me?"
"Yes," Iramy stated nonchalantly with a deadpan stare.  "So how about a friendly wager?  Since neither you nor Avon has ever fired this weapon before, we will have a contest."
"What do you have in mind?" Jeremy asked.
"I will show you both how to aim and fire this weapon.  The one with the better score gets to do whatever he or she wants for twenty-four hours, and the other has to do whatever the winner says."
"So if I win, he has to do whatever I want him to?" Avon asked.  She was brimming with excitement, her mind already spinning with possibilities.
"And if I win?" Jeremy retorted with confidence.  "It is on!"
"Grab two more boxes of ammo and a couple of clips," Iramy smiled.
"Will General Zadoorian be okay with us using so many bullets?"
"We will collect the spent rounds.  I know a guy who does reloads," Iramy replied as if it were nothing.  "This is going to be fun."
Avon grabbed the ammo and clips.  Together the three left the vault and walked to the entrance of the family bunker.  Iramy entered an eight digit code.  "It is my mother's birthday," she explained.  "02022295."
Avon looked at Iramy.  Iramy had never talked about her mother, her family.  It was odd, bordering on awkward.  Of course, Avon suddenly wanted to ask a million questions.  But she knew instinctively not to ask.  She knew Iramy must have a good reason to keep her past concealed.
When the door to the family bunker opened, Avon's eyes went wide.  She had expected a sterile, maybe militarily styled quarters but instead, she saw a warm, cozy, comfortable living space.
"The main room doubles as a lounge and kitchen.  There are three bedrooms.  They are small but comfortable.  The bunker is self-sufficient with power, water, and recycled air.  It will withstand any natural disaster or chemical attack.  Even if Lorian City takes a direct attack, we will survive."
"Food?" Jeremy inquired.
"Six months worth and a full medical contingency," Iramy replied.
"You think General Zadoorian will adopt me?" Jeremy joked with a chuckle.  "This is quite the setup."
"You could always apply to be his personal assistant."
Jeremy sneered.  "A data-pad pusher?"
"I bet he would let you live in the mansion," Iramy laughed again.  "Or you can stay your course and head out into the galaxy on a warship."  Of course, Iramy knew Jeremy would take the assignment on a warship.  It was his ticket to his next promotion.
Jeremy did not reply.  He shook his head quickly and exhaled.  The contrasts between his life and Avon's continued to amaze him.  Jeremy wondered how many other secrets the General had.  Jeremy followed Avon while she peeked into one of the bedrooms.  While small compared to bedrooms inside the mansion, it was three times the size of the shack Jeremy shared with his mother in the slums.
The room was furnished sparsely; a double bed, a dresser with a vanity style mirror and commercial overhead lighting.  The walls were painted a soft white, and the linens were solid white with a dark blue industrial blanket.  The bed was made with hospital corners, tight like at the Academy.  A set of curtains hung above the head of the bed as if covering a window.  Of course, there was no window.  Across the top was an upholstered cornice matching the curtains.  Avon's forehead wrinkled in confusion.  
"It hides a special light which can be programmed to simulate the sunrise.  It is on a timer," Iramy explained.  "It helps diffuse depression from not knowing when sunrise and sunset is.  Many survivalists use these in their bunkers."
"How do you know about all this doomsday stuff?" Jeremy asked.
"General Zadoorian and I did a lot of research when he decided to build the bunker.  We read everything we could get our hands on.  We had to balance comfort with necessities; a utilitarian design with a few creature comforts."
Avon glanced at the free-standing wardrobe just inside the room.  There were no other doors, no closet.  As if reading Avon's mind, Iramy answered the unasked question, "There's a communal bathroom on the other side."
Avon grimaced at the thought of sharing a bathroom.  It was hard enough sharing a Jack and Jill style bathroom with three other cadets at the Academy.  She did enjoy her spa-like en-suite.  Avon started to wonder how many more years she would have at the mansion.  After the Academy, where would life lead her?  Would she be assigned to a cushy job in a cube farm or to a ship traveling through the galaxy?
Jeremy noticed the floor was concrete with a scattering of area rugs.  The rooms were brightly lit and the furniture practical.  While sparse and minimalist in design, the bunker would ensure the survival of its occupants.  It would provide for all their needs.  "Impressive," Jeremy muttered.
"So, are the two of you ready to be wowed by a real rifle?" Iramy laughed.
Avon and Jeremy nodded and followed Iramy to the back side of the bunker and into the firing range.  Over a thousand yards in length, it was designed for all types of weapons.  Iramy walked to a control panel on the entrance wall and keyed in a few codes.  "Five hundred feet will be good since you are both beginners."
Three targets moved forward from the far wall and stopped at the five hundred feet mark.  The lights behind the targets extinguished leaving only the lights between the trio and the targets illuminated.
"Put ten rounds in the clips," Iramy instructed.  "It will leave forty for the wager."
After a few failed attempts by Jeremy and Avon, Iramy showed them how to place the rounds into the clips.  "Before we fire any real bullets, let me show you a few basics; how to hold the weapons, how to release the safety and most importantly how to aim.  Rule number one, never point a weapon, whether loaded or not, at anything you do not plan on shooting, therefore, aim down range.  Put the rifle on the counter and step back.  I am going to teach you how to breathe."
"I think we already know how to breathe," Jeremy stated impatiently.  He was ready to fire the rifle.
"But can you control it?" Iramy asked, equally impatient.
Jeremy did not reply.
"Hold your arm out like this," Iramy demonstrated with her right arm straight out in front of her, elbow locked, with her arm at a ninety-degree angle from the floor.  "Extend your index finger towards the target with your thumb towards the ceiling."
Avon and Jeremy mimicked Iramy's stance.  "Point your finger at the bull's eye.  Inhale and watch your arm rise.  Exhale and watch your arm fall.  If you cannot control your breath, your shots will be all over the place."
Avon and Jeremy inhaled and exhaled several times and realized Iramy was correct.  "It is not like a laser where you can see where you are aiming.  Firing a rifle requires skill and control.  There are quite a few variables," Iramy continued to explain.  "Now you need to find your sweet spot, the place where your body is relaxed while exhaling halfway.  Let me show you."
Iramy opened a drawer beneath the counter and pulled out a small battery operated laser pointed, like one used by instructors.  She turned it on, and Avon and Jeremy watched as she inhaled, exhaled halfway, held her breath and pretended to fire at the target down range.  "You have to find your sweet spot and find it every time."
Iramy put the pointer down and picked up the rifle.  She showed them how to hold the rifle.  "You need to pull it tight into the pocket of your shoulder.  If you do not, you will get knocked on your ass, and the bruise will have you crying for days.  Now you need to learn how to pull the trigger.  One, use the pad of your finger.  If you use too much of your fingertip, your shot will pull to the right.  Two, pull back slowly and evenly; do not jerk it back.  It should be a surprise when it fires; do not anticipate the shot or you will miss the target."
"So if we do all that, we just point and shoot?" Avon asked.
"No," Iramy while stated shaking her head.  "You have to line up the sights with the target.  See the 'U' shape sight on the back of the barrel and the raised tip at the front of the barrel?  You want to fill the 'U' with the front sight.  The top edges of both should be flush across the top."
Jeremy smirked and nodded.  "How hard can it be?  Breathe, aim, squeeze.  Piece of cake."
"You think so, cowboy?" Iramy laughed.  She was laughing so hard she had to hold her side; it actually hurt.  "Okay, you are first."  Iramy reached back into the drawer of the counter and pulled out three pairs of safety glasses and three sets of earplugs.  "You will need these," Iramy advised.  "The last thing you need is to burn your eye on a hot piece of ejected brass, and the noise can be deafening."
After donning the safety equipment, Iramy picked up a clip with ten rounds and loaded the rifle.  She ensured the safety was engaged.  Then she handed the weapon to Jeremy.
Jeremy pulled the rifle firmly against his shoulder, exhaled and aimed.  He pulled back on the trigger; nothing happened.
"Use your thumb and release the safety," Iramy giggled as she heard Jeremy grunt.
Jeremy reached up with his thumb and disengaged the safety.  Without warning the weapon discharged.  Even with the earplugs, the blast was loud.  Avon jumped back three feet.  Jeremy nearly pissed his pants.
"What are you trying to kill?" Iramy screamed.  "Never have your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to fire!  And you were not ready to fire!  What the frack are you shooting at; an invisible rat on the ceiling or a secret assassin?"
"It was an accident!" Jeremy screamed in frustration.
Iramy grabbed the rifle out of Jeremy's hand.  "There is no such thing as an accident when handling a loaded weapon.  My life is not going to cut short by some arrogant Captain, who thinks he knows everything.  Let me show you how this is done."
Iramy pointed the rifle down range and flip the safety to the 'on' position.  Then she removed the clip from the rifle.  After putting it on the table, she pulled back on the slide and ensured there were no rounds in the chamber.
"Give me my clip," Iramy demanded, glaring at Jeremy with disdain.  Jeremy moved slowly and sheepishly and picked up the clip.  Iramy took the clip from his proffered hand.  "Safety is on," Iramy showed him and inserted a fresh clip.  She pulled back on the slide and loaded the first round into the chamber.  "Now I am going to click off the safety.  As you can see my finger is not on the trigger.  Now I am going to show you how this is done."
Iramy pulled the rifle into her shoulder and took a couple of cleansing breaths to calm herself.  On the fourth exhale she gently squeezed the trigger.  The first round landed in the ten-ring of the target.  She squeezed off the remaining nine rounds and lowered the weapon.  "That my friends is how it is done."  All ten rounds were in the ten-ring.
"Damn," Avon exclaimed, jumping up and down with excitement.  "Where did you learn to shoot like this?"
"First as a child and then with your father," Iramy replied.  "We knew we had to be ready for anything, everything."  Iramy stopped before she revealed more than she could.
"So Captain Hanson, would you like to try again?"
Jeremy nodded; his eyes not meeting Iramy's.  Iramy could see he had been successfully humbled and was a bit frightened by her and the weapon.  She could see Jeremy's hands shaking slightly as she handed the weapon back to him.  "Check the safety and the chamber," Iramy reminded him.
Jeremy followed all of Iramy's directions exactly.  He readied to take his next shot.  Unfortunately, he was still nervous and anticipated the recoil.  The round landed in the lower left-hand corner of the target.
"Close one eye and aim again," Iramy instructed.  "This time do not anticipate the shot.  Concentrate on aiming for the target."
Jeremy's third round landed in the seven-ring, still slightly down and left.  "Take your time," Iramy groaned.  "We are not in a firefight.  First, you learn to shoot and then, life takes its own course.  In real life, you point and shoot when the enemy is running around trying to kill you.  Only sharpshooters and snipers have the time to aim and fire.  But you have to know how to aim.  It will come in handy when life gets real or if you are hunting for food."
It took at least seven more minutes for Jeremy to discharge the last seven rounds.  He got closer to the ten ring but never landed a shot inside the bull's eye.
Avon took the weapon next.  Taking her first shot, it landed up and right.  "Are you trying to compensate for Jeremy's shots?" Iramy asked.  "You need to line up your own shots.  Every person is different."
Avon took the next nine shots and ended up with a pattern much like Jeremy's.  "The contest is going to be close," Iramy laughed.  "Who wants to go first?"
"I will," Avon volunteered and removed her spent clip.  She reloaded and readied to fire.  "I will turn on the scoring," Iramy smiled and pushed a few more buttons.  "But I will not display the score, so Jeremy will not know.  No one will know until you both finish."
Avon took a deep breath and starting firing.  After several minutes, her clip was empty.  "That was fun," Avon exclaimed, "Exhilarating!"  Avon ejected the clip, set the safety and checked the chamber for any live rounds.  When Avon was finished, she handed the rifle to Jeremy.
"Good luck," Avon whispered.
Jeremy took the rifle.  "No luck needed," Jeremy stated trying to find his confidence.  He inserted a new clip, clicked off the safety and started firing.  Soon he was finished.
"Before I reveal the scores, there is one more rule of the range," Iramy started explaining.  "After we collect the brass, we have to clean the weapon.  I will walk you through it.  But the person with the lowest score always cleans weapons; always.  And I already know it will not be me.  I will finish my clip after the two of you pick up your brass and place them back into the box, firing pin down."
Avon and Jeremy did as Iramy instructed, and then Iramy laughed.  "My turn," Iramy giggled.  "This is my favorite weapon of all time.  I have run thousands of rounds through it.  Stand back.  I am ready to rock and roll."
Iramy took aim.  "Headshot," she called out and put ten rounds in the head portion of the silhouette.
"Bull's eye," Iramy exclaimed and emptied twenty rounds into the bull's eye.
"And never ever screw with me," Iramy exclaimed and emptied the last ten rounds in the crotch area of the target.  "Or I will blow your balls off," Iramy laughed.
"Damn, woman," Jeremy exclaimed in awe and in fear.  "Remind me never piss you off when you are armed.  You are dangerous."
Iramy shrugged and grinned.  "I have had lots of practice.  It is my favorite pastime."
"Will you teach us more?" Avon asked.  "Maybe you can teach me how to use a sword?"
"Sure," Iramy replied.  "Captain Hanson is proficient with a laser and spear.  He can teach you how to use them.  For the more ancient weapons, I am your girl."
"So when do we see who won?" Jeremy asked.
"First, I would like to hear what the two of you have planned for one another," Iramy suggested with a smirk.  "It will make the anticipation more fun."
"I am thinking a day of intense training," Jeremy pondered aloud.
"Is that all you can come up with?  More training?" Avon asked.  "I am thinking about sleeping in, no training and a little humiliation.  Maybe I will have you take a real bath with bubbles.  Yeah, that would be fun.  And shopping.  We are going shopping.  You need some real clothes; clothes not sold in the ICE clothing store."
"Why would I need civilian clothes?  I am on duty 24-7."
"Not really," Iramy grinned.  "Even I know that in your home, you can be out of uniform.  It might be a good thing for you to remember you have not been a soldier your entire life."
"What are you looking at?" Jeremy scowled, watching Iramy give him the once over, twice.
"You, Captain Hanson," Iramy grinned salaciously.  "You are a good looking man with a great body.  You could do well with the ladies.  I am trying to imagine you in something other than PT clothes.  They are your go-to outfit."
"I am a soldier.  I do not need anything else."
"I need some clothes which fit and I could use a few things for our camping trip," Avon suggested.  "If I win, we are definitely going shopping."
"Well, I doubt you did," Jeremy smirked.  "So get ready to work out all day tomorrow and eat everything I do; as much as I do."
"Get ready then," Iramy smiled.  "On three, I will display the scores.  One, two, three."  Iramy pushed the button and the score illuminated above each of their targets; 253 to 261.
"It looks like Avon did a bit better than Jeremy.  She wins," Iramy smiled.  
Avon was nearly beaming.
"I want a recount," Jeremy demanded.
"The scoring system is one hundred percent accurate," Iramy stated as she watched Avon try to remain composed and not gloat.
Avon could barely contain her excitement.  "We are going shopping, and then you are taking a bubble bath with candles and everything.  This is going to be so much fun," Avon exclaimed gleefully.  "I am thinking pastels."
"Oh. Hell. No," Jeremy growled.  "There is no way in hell I am wearing anything pink."
"I think you would look lovely in pink."
"Lovely?" Jeremy snarled.  "Pink and lovely are not in my vocabulary."
"We will worry about it tomorrow," Iramy stated firmly, effectively quieting the argument between Avon and Jeremy.  "First we need to collect the rest of the brass and clean this weapon before we return it to the vault.  Avon, grab the brass.  Captain Hanson, let me instruct you on the breakdown and cleaning of the rifle.  Fair is fair."
"Yes, ma'am," Jeremy acquiesced.  He had respected Iramy before but now knowing how lethal she could be, he knew better than to argue with her.  Jeremy prized his family jewels too much.
While Iramy and Jeremy were cleaning the rifle, Avon decided to explore the family bunker.  She entered each of the bedrooms and noticed there were no personal clothing, only utilitarian style sweats, and medical-style scrubs in various sizes both male and female.  Avon took stock of the small office set up in the corner of the lounge with several types of communication devices, some modern, some antique.  She wondered if all of them still worked.  She noticed there were no personal items, no mementos, and no photos.  Avon realized she had never seen a picture of her mother.
As a child, Avon had quickly learned not to ask about her mother.  The subject was strictly taboo.  She knew absolutely nothing about her mother; her name, where she was from, nothing.  It was if she had never existed.  Maybe it was too difficult for her father to talk about, to remember.  Avon knew one thing about Iramy's mother, her birth date.  Avon knew nothing about her own mother. She had died giving birth to Avon; end of story.  
Despite Iramy never talking to Avon about her own mother, knowing Iramy's mother's birthday now made her real; tangible.  It made Avon wondered if she actually had a mother.  Why did she know nothing about her?  Was she real?  Was Avon real?  Avon knew she did not resemble her father in any physical aspect.  Yet there were photos showing the two of them together almost from the day she was born.  Avon shuddered as she pulled herself back to reality, back to the present.
Thirsty, Avon walked into the storeroom and saw more freeze-dried rations than she could have imagined.  Cases upon cases lined the walls, stacked to the ceiling.  Further down the room, she saw toiletries, cleaning supplies, and medical supplies.  Avon's father had thought of everything.  She found stacks of purified water and grabbed three bottles.  Looking around one more time, Avon walked back to the firing range.
Just as Avon entered, undetected, she heard Iramy speak in a hushed tone and backed up.  "Avon has been through four weeks of hell with you.  It is only twenty-four hours, less if she sleeps in.  Dig deep and find a little humility.  I think it will do you both the world of good.  The two of you might even find a way to end this feud and become a team.  You still have two more months on this assignment.  Do you really want to spend it being hateful and miserable?"
"No," Jeremy whispered.  "But I do not have to like what she had might have planned."
"Do not discount her, Captain Hanson," Iramy suggested.  "Avon is not a bad person.  She has been raised to be polite and considerate of other's needs.  I have never known her to be vindictive.  To be honest, I think she learned that trait from you."
"Are you saying this is my fault?"
"You reap what you sow," Iramy stated smugly.  "You want to be treated with respect, you have to give respect.  Regardless of the military rank, you are both people first.  Respect her for who she is.  Stop hating her for being born into this family.  It is not her fault."
"I am sorry, but I do not know if I can."
"The sooner you knock the chip you are carrying off your shoulder, the sooner you will find happiness."
Avon back up a few feet and pretended to be crossing the outer room before entering.  "Hey, I got us some water," Avon called out announcing her entry.
Iramy and Jeremy stared at each other wondering if Avon had heard any of their conversation.  "I could use some water," Jeremy replied softly.  "Thank you."
Iramy smiled discretely.  Maybe her little talk had helped; at least a little.  Regardless, it was a start.


Chapter 8 - Lady's Choice

Avon rose early the next morning.  She really wanted to sleep in, but she knew Jeremy would try to wake early, as was his usual routine, and exercise.  Avon had decided it would be a PT free day, even for the consummate Captain Hanson.
Avon barged into Jeremy’s room unannounced still in her pajamas.  “Don’t you knock?” Jeremy barked, outraged by her audacity.
“No PT today!” Avon snapped back, seeing him on the floor doing push-ups.
“I work out every day.”
“Not today.  I am in charge today; remember?”
“Just because you are ignoring our training, it does not mean I have to.”
“Yes, it does.  I won.  I am a better shot than you are.”
“You got lucky.  I want a rematch,” Jeremy demanded.
“Sure, but not today.  I have got plans for us today.  First, a light breakfast of fruit.  Then some shopping; followed by lunch at my favorite bistro.  After that, we are going to my favorite salon for a haircut.  You need one too.  And when we get home, you are going to have a long soak in a bubble bath with scented candles.  I am thinking lavender, so maybe you will relax a little; if it is even possible.”
Avon paused for a moment relishing the look of regret and humiliation on Jeremy’s face.  Seeing his discomfort, Avon went for the jugular.  “And for tonight, after a light dinner, of course, I am thinking of a couple chick flicks.  I hope you like romantic comedies.”
Still, on the floor, Jeremy’s jaw tightened more with each announcement, each plan for the day.  Breathing through his nose, he remained silent.  Jeremy had lost and would follow through with the conditions of the wager just as he would expect Avon to do.  But he did not find calm.  Deep down, Jeremy wondered if Iramy had rigged the scoring.  But why?
Jeremy flopped to the ground and growled his discontent.
"I suggest a visit to the sanitation stall and then a trip back between the sheets.  Breakfast is at eight.  Be dressed and ready to go shopping; casual clothes; no uniform."
Avon laughed heartily and twirled on her heel.  Skipping merrily, she returned to her room and lay back across her bed.  She continued to giggle.  Rolling onto her back, Avon stared at the ceiling, happy.  For the first time in a very long time, she felt in control of her life, even if for just a day.
Avon's entire life had been choreographed; who she met, who her teachers were, what she was taught.  First, her father controlled every aspect of her life and then, the Academy.  Avon had hoped for a relaxing and independent summer with her father in a remote galaxy, but even in his absence, he had ensured someone, Captain Jeremy Hanson, would control and manipulate her every move.
After a month of being under Jeremy's thumb, Avon was looking forward to a little fun.  Unfortunately, her fun would be at Jeremy's expense.  In an attempt to jam all her favorite pastimes into one day, and with the mandate that Jeremy accompany her at all times, he would have to participate in her favorite activities.  Of course, Jeremy would see it as revenge even if it was not.  Avon knew no matter what she told him, her explanation would never be accepted as the truth.  "Let it be," Avon giggled to herself.  "He deserves it."
Avon rolled off the bed and sighed disheartened as she walked into her closet.  Even though it was filled with tons of clothes, very few fit her now.  While she had picked up a few outfits during their last trip into the city, it was not enough; thus the reason for more shopping.
Avon selected a khaki pair of trousers she had purchased during her last excursion.  Looking at the jerseys she had recently bought, she frowned.  Frantically searching through the racks, she found a button-up blouse which had previously hung loosely on her thin body.  Avon chuckled and looked down at her breasts.  "I have got a little cleavage now, I should show it off."  Happy, she headed to her bathroom to change.

At eight, Jeremy walked into the kitchen for breakfast.  First, he frowned at the food Avon had prepared for breakfast; fruit and berries.  Then, Jeremy frowned at Avon' outfit.  "A bit tight do not you think?"
"And whose fault is that, Captain Hanson?" Avon replied sarcastically.  "It is none of your business if I want to proudly display the girls.  Today is my day, not yours.  You do not have to look."
"Just make sure you pick out some things for the camping trip in three weeks.  You need some clothes you can move around in; clothing which will hold up through the dirt and weather."
"That is a good idea," Iramy agreed.  "While Avon is picking out other outfits, I will grab everything she will need."
"You are coming with us?"
"You two need a referee.  I do not think Lorian City can handle the angst between the two of you," Iramy stated with a healthy dose of sarcasm.  "We do not need a civil war in the middle of City Centre."

An hour later the three walked into Avon's favorite boutique.  The owner was surprised at how Avon's body had transformed.  "You look fantastic," she cooed.  "We are going to have fun filling your closet."
"Not yet," Avon stated sadly.  "The summer is not over, and I am sure my figure is going to change more before it is over.  I want to purchase about ten outfits; mostly casual.  If I need something for a special occasion, I will return."
The owner nodded and quickly found what Avon would like.  She already knew her style.  Avon looked at the expensive but simple outfits.  "And maybe a couple of blouses which will show off my new figure?" Avon suggested.  "I am tired of dressing like a tomboy."
Both the shop owner and Iramy smiled.  Avon was finding herself, who she was.  She was no longer hiding behind her clothes pretending to be the son the General never had.  After finalizing the selections, Avon turned to Jeremy.  "Captain Hanson needs a few things also.  I am thinking some dress pants and some casual ones and a few shirts.  I would like to see him in something other than PT clothes."
Jeremy had thought Avon had forgotten about her threat.  Seeing the look on Jeremy's face, Avon laughed.  "My treat, of course."
"I do not need your charity," Jeremy sneered, insulted.
"Not charity, a gift," Avon countered.  "It is the least I can do considering I am forcing you to do this.  I did win the contest, and you have to do whatever I say today.  So suck it up."
Jeremy grimaced.  He was not happy.  Not so much about getting civilian clothes, but Avon paying for them.  "Only if I get to pick them out," Jeremy reluctantly agreed.  "And no pink."
The boutique owner laughed.  "Pink would not be a good color for you, but I can see you in blue.  Your blue eyes are beautiful."
Jeremy was embarrassed by the owner's comment.  "You are a handsome young man, Captain," she continued.  "I am going to show you just how handsome you are."
"We are going to lunch at Bella Luna's," Avon advised.  "I want us to dress up and have some fun."  Avon turned to Iramy.  "You too.  Buy a new dress.  Today should be a celebration."
Iramy smiled.  She wanted more than anything for Avon to have a perfect day.  "Yes, let's have some fun."
It took Jeremy longer than expected to find clothing he felt comfortable in.  Finally, with the help of the three ladies, he was dressed and ready for lunch.  Jeremy hated to admit it, but he did like the way he looked.  And he felt more relaxed.  Jeremy had not realized how dressing in ICE clothing had kept him uptight all the time.  Even in PT clothing, he was always on guard, always rigid.
"Shall I have everything delivered?" the boutique owner offered.
"No," Avon replied.  "We load everything in the transport.  Thank you."
Everyone grabbed their purchases and left.  "Thank you for the clothing," Jeremy stated sincerely as he helped Avon with her packages.
"Thank you for letting me have some fun," Avon smiled.  "You look nice."
Jeremy blushed again.  "So we are going to Bella Luna's?" Jeremy asked.  Avon nodded.  "Isn't it the most expensive and exclusive restaurant in the city?"
"Yes," Avon replied.  "I know you like pasta, and Bella Luna's makes their pasta by hand.  Everything is homemade.  No replicators.  It is why it is so expensive.  They make enough for about a hundred meals a day.  Once they run out, the restaurant closes for the day.  I have made reservations under my father's name so they will hold three meals for us.  Today is lasagna.  I hope you like it."
"If the sauce is anything like what Iramy made last week, I am sure I will."
"My dear, Captain Hanson," Iramy giggled.  "My sauce is amateur compared to what you are about to taste.  Even the bread is baked fresh daily.  This is going to be an adventure for you."
Minutes later they were walking into Bella Luna's.  The hostess rushed forward.  "Captain Hanson, Miss Zadoorian, Ms. Wayzata, your table is ready."
Jeremy looked around.  Everyone was dressed nicely.  He was glad Avon had insisted on procuring new clothes.  Even dressed as nicely as he was, he felt out of his element.
Iramy smiled and whispered, "They are just people enjoying a nice lunch."
Jeremy tried to relax.  Recalling his days in the slums and looking at his opulent surroundings, he realized he had just experienced both ends of the economic spectrum.  Instead of being angry or resentful, Jeremy smiled.  This is what he had aspired for all his life.  Knowing it might be a long time before he would have the opportunity to return to a restaurant like this, he decided to enjoy it.
The table was set elegantly with candles, flowers, and a formal table setting.  As soon as everyone was seated, the server arrived with water, wine, and freshly baked bread.  Salads arrived seconds later.
"You do not order here," Avon explained.  "Everyone eats the special of the day.  They make one entree.  Today is lasagna."
Jeremy smelled the aroma of the freshly baked bread.  "This smells heavenly."
"Wait until you taste it," Iramy cooed.  "I could make a meal just from the bread if they would let me but eat it slowly; it is all we will get."
Jeremy picked up one of the rolls and cut it in half.  "Is the butter fresh too?"
"Yes," Avon replied.  "Remember us telling you about some of the other people we know who still grow fresh vegetables and make jams and such?  There is a farmer who has cows for real milk.  He also makes butter and cheese.  The cost is astronomical, which is why this place is so expensive.  I love eating fresh, and this is the only place in town in which the food is one hundred percent real."
"And I thought you were going to torture me today," Jeremy laughed.
Avon shook her head.  "I know you think I hate you and that I was going to attempt revenge.  But believe or not, today is not about you.  It is about me doing my favorite things; shopping, lunch at Bella Luna's, a relaxing afternoon and an old movie."
"So this is about you?"
"Yes, and you are lucky enough to be coming along for the ride," Avon giggled.  "So suck it up and enjoy the journey."
Jeremy took his first bite of the bread slathered with butter.  He groaned with delight.  "You can torture me like this anytime."
Iramy and Avon laughed.  "Just wait.  It gets even better."
Each bite of food surprised Jeremy on another level.  "I could come here every day."
"No one can afford to come here every day," Avon laughed.  "Personally, I cannot wait for dessert."
Jeremy looked at Avon surprised.  He had never seen Avon eat so much.  "So all I need to do to get you to eat is bring you here every day?"
"Don't I wish!" Avon exclaimed.  "I would have to run twenty miles a day or look like a Mumite."
Jeremy laughed.  Even he was full.  He was not sure he had room for dessert.  Iramy could see the look of satiation on his face.  "You will find room.  They are serving Zuppa Inglese today.  Try not to moan too loudly.  It is almost better than sex."
Avon and Jeremy looked at Iramy, shocked by Iramy's statement.  "Sorry, but sex is still better," Iramy added with a grin.
Avon had never seen Iramy go on a date or with a man outside of their home.  Yes, Iramy was an attractive woman in her mid-thirties, but Avon was not aware of any liaisons.  "Don't look at me like that," Iramy laughed.  "I have had a lover or two in my time."
Avon stared at Iramy as if waiting for Iramy to continue, to tell her more.  Iramy only pursed her lips and shook her head from side to side.  "Not now, not ever."
When dessert arrived, Jeremy looked at the plate attempting to discern its ingredients.  "It is sponge cake soaked in a red Italian liquor between layers of a lemon flavored egg custard, drizzled with melted chocolate and topped with whipped cream," Iramy explained.
Having eaten the Zuppa Inglese at Bella Luna's before, Avon and Iramy were able to control their moans as they took their first bite.  Still, their eyes closed as they slowly exhaled.  Jeremy, on the other hand, was overtaken by the decadent taste and the creamy texture.  When Jeremy heard Avon and Iramy giggle, he opened his eyes and quickly looked around.  Red from embarrassment, Jeremy was met with empathetic eyes.  Everyone nodded and smiled.  They knew it was his first taste of the famous Zuppa Inglese.  Jeremy could tell by their smiles they fondly remembered the first time they had eaten it.
"If sex is better than this, then..." Jeremy stopped mid-sentence.
"Captain Hanson," Iramy cooed with a tight-lipped grin.  "We need to find you a woman.  And in that outfit, it should not be too difficult."
Now Jeremy was really mortified.   He had unwittingly revealed he had never been with a woman.  He was a virgin.
"Me too," Avon whispered low enough for only Jeremy to hear.  "But someday."
Jeremy looked around the restaurant again.  There were quite a few very attractive young women in the room.  Two of them were sitting at the same table with him.  "Not ready," Jeremy shuddered.  "My life is complicated enough.  I still have five more years of obligated service to ICE.  Maybe when I get promoted to Colonel, I will think about finding a wife and settling down."
Soon they had finished lunch.  Avon decided to forego a haircut.  As they were preparing to return to the mansion, Jeremy froze.  He remembered how Avon wanted to spend the afternoon.  He feared Avon would move on her threat to force him to take a bubble bath.  Jeremy had never been inside of a bathtub.  It had only been recently he had taken a real shower with real water.  He had used sanitation stalls all his life.  Even in the slums, public sanitation stalls were available.  Yes, the lines were long but staying clean was even more essential in the slums.  Diseases were more common.  No one could afford medical care or a regenerator.  A single mosquito bite could cause a fatal infection if not vigilant.  To prevent epidemics, the government had erected the stalls.  Nevertheless, with the number of slum rats compared to the number of stalls, the stalls ran twenty-four hours a day.  Using the stalls more than every three days was impractical.  There were still deaths from diseases, but the government declared the mortality rate was acceptable and did not construct the number needed to prevent fatalities.  Any death was just one less slum rat.
"Come on, Captain Hanson," Avon beckoned, bringing Jeremy back to reality.  "We have a bath to take."
"Damn," Jeremy muttered.  "I was hoping you had forgotten about that."
"It will not be that bad," Avon laughed.  "Was the shopping and lunch so horrible?"
"Shopping was so-so.  I do not like to shop, but I do like the clothes.  And the lunch was fantastic."
"So maybe you will like the bubble bath too," Avon suggested.
Jeremy shuddered again, closing his eyes.  He was trying his best to remain calm.  This was Avon's day, and he had agreed to do everything she wanted to do.  He just did not understand why he had to take a bubble bath.  If she wanted to take one, fine.  "No candles," Jeremy replied hoping for a small compromise.  Avon did not respond.
The forty-minute ride back to the mansion seemed like only ten minutes to Jeremy.  While he did not know much about baths or soaking tubs, he had seen how Avon set candles around her tub and talked about how relaxing and indulgent it was.  It seemed a bit frilly and feminine to him.  Jeremy thought of himself as a manly man, not a man who would dim the lights, light a bunch of scented candles and sit in a tub of hot bubbles.  The closer to the mansion they got, the more anxiety Jeremy felt.
As soon as the transport stopped at the front portico of the mansion, Avon jumped out as if she was headed to her own surprise party.  "I will bring in all the bags," Jeremy offered as a way to stall the inevitable.
"Oh no, you don't," Avon giggled.  "We will help.  Then we are going to show you the pleasures of hot steaming water and luxuriously scented bubbles."
Jeremy exhaled slowly as he felt his throat tighten.  "Scented bubbles?"
"I am going to bring over some of the dried lavender and add it to the water.  I guarantee you will be so relaxed in five minutes that you will want to take a nap.  It is glorious."
Jeremy walked as slowly as he could into the house.  Since his load was smaller, he helped Avon with hers.  As he passed Avon's room, he deposited her purchases at her door and sullenly crept to his room.  Mere seconds later, Avon appeared with a jar of dried crushed lavender as promised.  "Follow me," Avon instructed and led Jeremy to the General's bathroom.  While stark and less feminine, the soaking tub was identical to Avon's.  Jeremy smiled a little; there were no candles.
"I will start the water and add the lavender and bubbles.  Then I will show you how to start the jets.  You are going to love this."
"Why are you doing this to me," Jeremy scowled.
"Because I won," Avon giggled.  "And after weeks of torturing me, humiliating me, hating me, I need to do at least one thing today for revenge.  This is my revenge, Captain Hanson.  And you promised to do whatever I said today, and the honor code means you have to do as promised.  No lying remember?"
"You lied about the paper cut," Jeremy reminded Avon.
"True but I did not lie when you were about to be arrested for stealing the wine," Avon retorted.  "We both told the truth.  Neither one of us would have been court-martialed for me healing you.  I just kept you in my father's good graces."
"I am just glad neither one of us were put on official report for the wine fiasco.  It could have ruined both of our careers."
"I talked to General Armstrong and told him the entire truth.  I told him why I did it.  I told him I just wanted to have a little fun.  I said you tried to talk me out of it.  I took full responsibility for the entire incident.  I even made a vow to him that if I even stepped out of line, even just a little, I would voluntarily leave the Academy."
"Why did not you use the incident as your way out of the Academy?" Jeremy asked confused.  "I thought you really did not want a career with ICE."
"I don't," Avon confided.  "But pleasing my father is more important to me than my happiness.  I will finish the Academy and complete my obligatory service.  However, after my time is up, I am going to find a husband and have a family.  I want children.  I want to raise them in the country and teach them all the things Iramy and my father have taught me.  I want to pass on the old world traditions of cooking.  I might even learn to make bread."
Jeremy smiled.  It was a sincere, caring smile.  He was pleased.  "So you have figured out what you want to do with your life?"
"Yes," Avon nodded.  "I can do this.  I can finish the Academy.  After seeing the bunker, I realized how much Daddy cares about me.  He really does love me.  He wants me to be strong and to be able to stand on my own two feet.  He wants me to be self-sufficient.  He does not want to worry about me when he is gone to whatever the galaxy of the month is.  I also realized I want to be strong, mentally and physically.  And the Academy will help me with my self-actualization.  Your training is helping more than you know.  I will never be as strong as you.  I do not want to be as strong as you.  I will pass the evals.  I doubt I will ever meet the goals you have set, but I promise not to let you down or embarrass you."
Jeremy stared at Avon with a hint of reverence.  "Thank you for being so honest and for sharing that with me.  I cannot promise I will not try to push you a little more each day.  I do want you to succeed.  I want you to find your place in this world.  I have found mine."
"Now we are going to find some bubbles," Avon laughed changing the subject back to the bubble bath.  "I know Iramy uses the tub and keeps some in the closet."
"Do you think your father is one of Iramy's..."  Jeremy could not finish the question.
"My father and Iramy," Avon laughed.  "Never.  I have never seen them alone in the same room together.  Iramy has no interest in my father or career military men.  She is more of the stay at home and cook and clean type.  I always thought Iramy would find a good man and leave us.  I have always speculated that once I am off on my own, she will start a family of her own.  She is still young enough."
Avon finished adding the lavender and bubbles to the steaming hot water.  Once the water was high enough, Avon pointed to the switch on the wall.  "Once you get in, flip the switch.  Get ready for the time of your life."
"So you are still going to make me do this?"
Avon turned on her heel and giggled.  "Yes, sir.  And do not forget about dinner and a movie; lady's choice."  Avon exited the bathroom leaving the door open on her way out.  
Jeremy was relieved when he heard the door to the hallway close.  He turned and stared at the tub filled with scented bubbles.  He inhaled slowly and fought the urge to defy Avon's request.  Deep down, Jeremy knew he was an honorable person.  Yes, he had done a few illegal things in his early teens.  Luckily he had not been caught by the civilian constables.  Unfortunately, his mother learned he had stolen some food.  Once she had discovered the truth, Jeremy knew God's wrath was the least of his worries.  His mother's fury was a hundred times worse.  He never stole again.  
Despite his personal objections, Jeremy disrobed and cautiously climbed into the tub.  The water was hot, but he found it agreeable.  He slowly sat.  He had never sat in a tub of hot water before.  The closest was the swimming pool back at the Academy, and the water was always cold; frigid.
Jeremy inhaled deeply and found the lavender did seem to have a relaxing effect on him.  He had heard of aromatherapy but had thought it was just a hoax, a way to sell sweet smelling oils.  Jeremy pushed the bubbles around and found himself chuckling.  What would the guys back at the barracks say if they could see him now?  Shrugging, Jeremy reached over and flipped the switch on the wall.
When the jets turned on, Jeremy almost jumped out of the tub.  Sitting back into the water he felt the water pulsing on his tense muscles.  It did feel good.  Exercising every day did leave his muscles taut and sometimes in pain.  But Jeremy had learned to welcome the pain.  Pain meant he was still alive.  Pain meant his hard work was a success.  Jeremy had learned to like the pain.  The pain made him strong.
Between the lavender, the hot water, and the pulsing water, Jeremy started to relax.  Laying his head back, he closed his eyes.  He quickly realized this was not torture.  Actually, it was quite the opposite.  Now he understood why Avon coveted her time in the tub as much as she did.  Jeremy hated to admit it but once again Avon's plans for the day had been nothing but enjoyable.  Of course, he hoped he would not have to admit it to her.
"So how does it feel?" Avon laughed.
Jeremy opened his eyes stunned and alarmed.  He could not believe Avon was in the room with him while he was naked in the tub.  His hands immediately went south to cover himself.
"What the frack?" Jeremy screamed.  Avon was standing just feet away from him in a pink silk bathrobe.  He could not help but notice how it fit snuggly around her hips and breasts.  It was yet another piece of clothing which was now too small for her.
"I just thought I would check on you," Avon chuckled.  "You tend to hurt yourself in the bathroom."
"Only half the time," Jeremy countered.  "You need to get out of here.  It is not appropriate."
"I am covered.  You are covered; well kind of," Avon rebutted noticing Jeremy trying to cover his man parts.  Leaning forward, his upper back and chest were partially exposed.  Avon giggled seeing the bubbles scattered over his body.
"Are you trying to get me court-martialed?  Fraternization is against the code."
Avon shook her head to show her impatience.  "We are not fraternizing, Captain Hanson.  I am just making sure you have not drowned.  But if you want to fraternize..."  Avon stopped mid-sentence and reached for the silk sash holding her robe closed.  She pulled on one of the ties thus untying the bow on the sash while leaving the rest securely tied.
"Out!" Jeremy yelled pointing at the bathroom door.  "Get out of here now!"
Avon started laughing hysterically.  "Captain Hanson, you need to lay back and relax.  I was not going to climb into the tub with you.  It is just so easy to jerk your chain.  You keep this up, and you are going to have a heart attack before you are thirty."
Avon retied her robe.  "Have fun," she reiterated and left the room.  This time, she closed both doors on her way out.
Jeremy tilted his back and took several breaths trying to calm himself.  He prayed the lavender would help him to regain his composure.  He had been relaxed until Avon entered the room.  Now he was trying to find the peace he had experienced just moments before.
Jeremy struggled with the urge to jump out of the tub.  The experience was conflicting and awkward.  First tension, then relaxation and back to tension, extreme stress and anxiety.  Jeremy slid down into the water attempting to submerge as much of his body as possible.  He tried to relax.  However, every little noise had Jeremy jumping and his eyes darting for the door to see who had entered the room.  Each time, no one was there.
"I cannot do this," Jeremy muttered aloud.  He reached for the towel and climbed out of the tub.  He dried off as quickly as possible and dressed; the entire time worrying about intruders.
Dressing back in the clothes he had worn to lunch, Jeremy left his suite and went downstairs.  He found Iramy sitting in the General's study curled up on the sofa reading a book.  Beside her was a large glass of wine.  Iramy quickly saw the look of unease on Jeremy's face.
"It looks like you need a glass of wine," Iramy giggled.  "Did you have a bad experience in the tub?"
"You could say that," Jeremy sighed still trying to regain his composure.  "I think I need to talk to Cadet Zadoorian about boundaries."
Iramy poured Jeremy a large glass of wine.  Jeremy quickly drank it down in one gulp.
"Shit," Iramy chuckled.  "It must have been horrible."
"She walked into the bathroom while I was in the tub."
"Why would she do that?" Iramy asked confused.
"She said she wanted to ensure I had not drowned."
"Again, why would she do that?"
"I can only assume it was because I had fallen in the shower while we were at the apartment in the city and bumped my head pretty bad.  So much so, that she had to use the regenerator to heal the back of my head.  It was a fairly nasty gash."
"So it was you who hurt yourself, not her?"
"Yep," Jeremy confessed as he poured another glass of wine.  "She healed me and then lied to her father.  She told him she had cut herself on a piece of paper, on a book.  Still, she had no right to come into the bathroom unannounced and in her robe."
"While I wish I could have seen the look on your face, I agree it was inappropriate.  I am sure Avon realizes it now.  Try not to give her a hard time about it.  I am sure she is just as embarrassed as you are."
Jeremy shook his head.  "I doubt it.  She offered to climb in with me."
Iramy was now the one flabbergasted.  "She did what?" Iramy called out.
"I am sure it was just a joke on my behalf, but I tell you what, I could see the image of General Armstrong tearing my bars off my uniform.  And then General Zadoorian marching me in front of a firing squad and shooting me himself."
"I sure that would be an accurate description of what would happen," Iramy agreed.  "Let me get another bottle of wine.  You need this more than I do.  Let me get you a snack as well; veggies or a meat and cheese plate?"
"Meat and cheese," Jeremy replied.  "Thank you.  And then can you show me how to remove the water from the tub?"
Iramy smiled sympathetically.  "I will take care of it for you.  And if you ever decide to give the tub a try again, I would suggest locking the door."
Jeremy looked at the General's study.  He was still amazed at the number of books lining the shelves.  He imagined himself sitting in the room, reading much like he had found Iramy.  He surmised it would be a good way to relax.  Jeremy walked to one of the shelves and started looking at the titles.  Even the newest of books was over three hundred years old.  He had never read for pleasure.  He had read only one paper book in his life; a book that was written nearly five hundred years prior.  A book about aristocracy, revolution and in the end, love and sacrifice.
Jeremy was a soldier.  He wondered if he would ever love anyone so much as to sacrifice himself for her happiness.  He knew he would not hesitate to fight for his planet.  He realized if he could do that then he could and would fight just as hard and die if necessary to protect someone he loved.  People did it every day.  Soldiers did it every day.
Jeremy fondly recalled the revelation Avon had shared with him earlier.  She had finally realized what she wanted in life.  Jeremy envied her.  He had never thought past his career as a soldier.  He had never considered falling in love or having a family.  He just assumed the two did not mix.  Could he have both?  Could both co-exist?  No, Jeremy decided.  Not yet, not now.
Jeremy heard a soft knock on the frame of the door to the room.  He turned and saw Avon.  "I owe you an apology," Avon whispered.  "My father would be appalled.  Not only for my lack of manners for barging into a private place but for my inappropriate behavior by offering to join you in your bath.  And not just from a fraternization point of view.  I was raised to be a proper lady.  My behavior was incongruous as a lady and as a Cadet."
"Apology accepted," Jeremy replied.  He tried to smile, but the smile did not reach his eyes.  Avon could see Jeremy was still perturbed.
"I will give you some space," Avon offered, still standing in the doorway.  "I hope you can forgive me.  I have a fun evening planned; a scrumptious dinner and then a movie."

Shortly before dinner, Avon knocked on the door frame of her father's study again.  Again she did not enter.  "Dinner will be ready soon.  I thought maybe we can take a walk down to the fountain.  Maybe we can cut a lovely bouquet of flowers for the table."
"We are eating in the dining room?"
"No, I have set up the small table in the breakfast nook.  I thought it would be nice to duplicate everything from lunch.  You were happy at Bella Luna's.  You loved the food.  I just want to say I am sorry."
"You do not need to apologize again," Jeremy grinned.  "It was a joke which went wrong."
"I went a bit too far," Avon added shamefully.  She could feel her face turn red.  "I am still distraught thinking back on my vulgar behavior.  Can we try to pretend it did not happen?"
"I would like that," Jeremy replied.  He was stilling having a difficult time looking at Avon in her eyes.  "The embarrassment we both encountered is enough to last us all summer.  Come on, let's go for that walk.  A little fresh air might be good for both of us."  Jeremy looked down at the basket and the pair of pruning shears in Avon's hand.  "The roses this afternoon were quite aromatic.  So was the lavender."
"I am sorry I ruined your bath."
"It is okay," Jeremy replied sincerely.  "It did feel good while it lasted.  I promise I will try again sometime."
"I will knock from now on."
"And I will lock the door," Jeremy laughed.

After gathering a beautiful arrangement of roses, Avon led Jeremy into the kitchen.  Iramy was placing dinner on the table.  "It will not be as good as lunch," Iramy advised.  "Most everything is replicated.  I did, however, call in a few IOUs and got us some fresh bread and butter.  Since you like it so much, I going to try finding some of the ingredients and learn to make bread.  If I cannot locate it fresh, I will replicate the ingredients and bake some, just like I do for my cakes."
Jeremy looked at the table setting and then the food.  Avon had pulled out the fine china and crystal.  The table had been draped with a lace cloth, and each place setting was perfect.  Then he got a good look at the food.  "This smells wonderful," Jeremy sighed.
"I decided to compromise," Avon announced.  "Instead of just a salad, I decided on Tilapia stuffed with crab, couscous with fresh vegetables and a dinner salad, Solarian Surprise, of course, with extra blue cheese.  Just the way you like it."
"And for dessert, I baked some homemade cookies; chocolate chip with walnuts.  We will have it with some vanilla ice cream,” Iramy added.
Avon then smiled.  "For tonight while we are watching a movie, I was able to trade some seeds for some fresh strawberries.  I will dip them in melted chocolate.  You are going to love them."
"You did all this for me?"
Avon nodded, her eyes lowered.  She still was not able to look Jeremy in the eyes.  "You lived up to the wager, and I encroached on your privacy.  It is the least I could do to contrite for my indiscretions."

By the time dinner was finished, everyone was laughing and smiling again.  The food was fantastic even if the majority was from a replicator.  Dessert was simple yet satisfying.  "Movie in an hour?" Avon asked Jeremy.  Jeremy nodded.
An hour later, Jeremy arrived in the study with a fresh bottle of wine.  Avon had already prepared a plate of chocolate covered strawberries.  "I really hope you like these," Avon stated apprehensively.  "I traded a whole envelope of seeds."
Jeremy was shocked.  "Why in the hell would you trade an entire envelope of vegetable seeds for strawberries and more importantly why would you do that for me?"
"Because it was how I was raised.  To sacrifice what you hold dearest to contrite for your misdoings.  And secondly, it was not vegetable seeds, it was lavender seeds.  They are my favorite flower.  I can replicate vegetables but not the natural scent of lavender.  They are what I covet most.  But do not worry; I have collected a lot of seeds over the years.  I still have plenty of plants to harvest seeds in the fall.  The flower garden will continue to thrive."
"Sometimes you really surprise me," Jeremy sighed, surprised by Avon's sincerity.  Despite their differences and angst, Avon had thought out her actions and their consequences.  She had sacrificed her enjoyment for his.  "I am sure I will truly enjoy them."
"Pop that cork on the wine, and I will start the movie.  I have found one that is not too sappy.  It is about love, true love, and sacrifice.  Be warned, you may cry.  I always do."
"Men do not cry," Jeremy rebutted mannishly and poured two glasses of wine.  The two sat at opposite ends of the sofa and settled in to watch the movie.  Avon sat the plate of strawberries on the sofa between them and then curled up with a pillow.  Glancing at the table next to the sofa, she pulled the box of tissues closer to her.
As the movie played, the two remained silent.  Jeremy heard Avon occasionally sniffle during the more emotional scenes.  He kept his eyes on the screen to give her privacy.  Despite his misgivings, Jeremy liked the movie.  The story was good, the plot was uncontrived.  He could see why Avon enjoyed the movie as much as she did.  It was about true love, eternal love, magical love.  It was the love every girl dreamed of.  The love of a man so pure, he would do anything for her, fight for her, protect her, even die for her.
Silent tears were streaming down Avon's as the credits rolled.  "We should all be so lucky to find love like that," Jeremy whispered.  "Now I see why you want to find a good man and have a family."
"Thank for watching it with me," Avon replied hoarsely.  "Thank you for letting me cry."
"You are welcome," Jeremy stated sincerely.  "Thank you for sharing all your favorite things with me."
"Today is almost over, and tomorrow we go back to you ruling my world," Avon sighed depressedly.
"We have to get you into shape," Jeremy reminded her.  "If your father is right about an insurrection in the Zarog galaxy, then we have to be ready."
"I will still be at the Academy, and you will achieve your dream of being on a warship.  You will get to put those pilot skills of yours to use.  I hear you sometimes in your suite practicing on the simulator.  When was the last time you have flown?"
"It has only been two months, but it seems like forever.  I need to keep my skills honed.  If we do go to war, I have to be on top of my game."
"I hope Daddy is worrying about nothing.  No one should have to die in a war.  But I know it is what you have trained for.  It is who you are."
"Speaking of training," Jeremy chuckled.  "How about we take a break from weight training and have Iramy teach us how to use the swords.  It should be a good workout.  Those swords are not light."
"And we start on full packs tomorrow?" Avon grimaced.
"Yes, we need to get you strong for the bivouac and for your evals."
"I better head to bed then.  Good night, Captain Hanson."
"Good night, Cadet Zadoorian."


Chapter 9 - Battle Bruises

Jeremy forced himself out of bed.  He felt horrible.  It took him nearly fifteen minutes to go from the sheets to the back patio of the mansion.  Avon was already there and waiting.
"My dear, Captain Hanson," Avon snickered.  "Are you okay?"
"No," Jeremy snarled.  "I feel like there is a bass drum being beaten by a madman inside my head."
"How much did you drink yesterday?"
"There was the wine at lunch, then yesterday afternoon with Iramy, then at dinner and we split a bottle while watching the movie."
"Sounds like at least two bottles," Avon laughed.
"I did not feel buzzed," Jeremy groaned.  "I guess it all hit in the middle of the night."
"You are dehydrated," Avon chuckled.  "You probably drank nothing but wine all day and did not drink the recommended two pints of water before going to bed."
"Yes and yes."
"That is how I felt all last week," Avon stated, still laughing.  "A headache, cramps, bloating, tenderness."
"I only have a headache," Jeremy snapped.  "I am not PMS'ing.
"Well, drink up Captain Hanson," Avon chuckled as she tossed him a bottle of water.  "And then we run.  Full packs remember."
"You love this, don't you?"
"Just a little," she giggled.  "I cannot wait to see how far we get before you puke your guts out.  I might even make it further than you today.  Wow, I get to win again."
Jeremy tried to buck up as Avon threw down the gauntlet.  He failed.  He opened another pint of water and sucked it down.  "I have some pain meds if you would like," Avon stated sarcastically.
"I am not taking your girlie pills."
"They are normal painkillers.  They are not gender specific."
"I will be fine.  Let's go."
Avon pulled her pack onto her shoulders and started towards the front of the mansion.  "Come on Captain Hanson!"
Jeremy shouldered his pack and took off after her.  "I had planned on a slower pace today since you have a full pack," Jeremy reminded Avon.
"Oh no," Avon chuckled.  "We need to pick up the pace.  I promised Daddy I would train harder and besides, I bet you fall out before I do."
"You like kicking me while I am down, don't you?"
"I have never seen you down; you never yield."
"And I do not plan on giving up today either."
Avon laughed and picked up the pace a little.  She loved being the one setting the pace instead of Jeremy.  She was actually enjoying the run despite a week off from running and even with the full pack.  She was having fun and once again it was at Jeremy's expense.  Avon knew he would retaliate tomorrow, but she did not care.  The thought of Jeremy falling out and surrendering had rejuvenated her resolve.  Avon was ready to win.
At the end of three miles, Avon was tired and in pain, but she was in much better shape than Jeremy.  Jeremy was sweating like a forty-year-old man with an overly round midsection.  Avon smiled as he pulled another bottle of water out of his pack and poured in down his open gullet.  Seeing the grin of satisfaction on Avon's face, Jeremy grumbled.  Standing upright, he took a deep breath.  Suddenly Jeremy ran to the side of the road.
Avon turned away hearing Jeremy regurgitate the water.  "Damn," Avon grimaced.  "You really are a lightweight when it comes to alcohol."
"Sorry," Jeremy whined as he wiped his lips with the sleeve of his shirt.  "I was not weaned on wine as you were.  We were lucky to have clean water to drink.  So stop gloating."
"If you were looking in my direction," Avon started.  "You would notice I am not gloating.  That was disgusting.  I really did not think you were that bad off."
"So I guess you win again."
"We will call this one a draw," Avon stated as a compromise.  "I am about to drop myself.  I did push it a bit too hard.  What do you say we walk back?"
"Agreed," Jeremy sighed.  "I need to drink about a gallon of water."
"And you need to eat."
Jeremy started gagging again.  "Oh. Hell. No!"
"Oh. Hell. Yes!" Avon countered.  "You need some fat and grease to soak up the remaining alcohol in your system.  And you are going to need something for your headache.  You look like shit."
"You do not exactly look like you ready to go to a ball."
"True but at least my skin is not green."

It took longer than expected for Avon and Jeremy to walk back to the mansion.  Jeremy could feel his stomach and leg muscles cramping.  They were out of water.  "Now I know how you felt last week.  I feel like crap," Jeremy groused.
"Try doing it for a week."
"No thanks."
"We will get you some water, and I will fix you the perfect breakfast," Avon offered.  "I have had to nurse Daddy back after a party, a time or two.  I know the perfect combination of foods."
"I am sure I will be all right."
"No arguments, Captain Hanson," Avon insisted.  "I guarantee you will feel better within the hour."
Jeremy shook his head in disbelief.  "If I get sick again, it is on you."
Avon laughed.  She knew she would succeed.  As soon as they entered the kitchen, Jeremy headed for the water.  Drinking a liter immediately, he sat down.  "Here's some coffee and some tomato juice.  The juice will settle your stomach and help with your headache."
Jeremy sneered at the juice.  "I am not into tomato juice."
"Drink it!"
Jeremy lifted the glass and down the juice in one gulp.  He quickly washed it down with the coffee and then more water.  As the food started coming out of the replicator, he began gagging again.  "Eat!" Avon commanded.
Jeremy looked down at the plate.  The sight of scrambled eggs, hash browns and chunks of ham had him ready to vomit.  "Eat!" Avon repeated.  "Mix it all together and eat it.  I will make some extra toast.  It will also help."
Jeremy mixed everything together and forced himself to take the first bite.  Avon laughed.  "I will be right back."  Avon walked out of the kitchen.  Jeremy shook his head and forced each bite down.  He was starting to feel a little better.  He needed food in his stomach or risk the chance of dry heaving.
Avon returned moments later and placed two pills on the counter.  "Take these."
"Bossy, are we?"
"You need to trust me, Captain Hanson.  You need to be better soon.  We are supposed to start sword lessons today.  And I want a fair fight."
"So you are throwing down the gauntlet again?"
"You push me every day.  I guess it is my day to push you."
"Kicking me again when I am down.  You really do not have a heart, do you?"
"My heart is lying there on the counter Captain; two painkillers.  Take it or leave it."
Iramy was standing in the doorway watching the interaction.  "Can't you two take it down a notch or three for just one day?" Iramy asked facetiously.  "I do not expect you to declare undying love for one another but how about a truce."
"I feel like shit."
"And I am just trying to help, but he refuses my help."
"Take the pills, Captain Hanson," Iramy commanded.  "Unless you want to spend the day in bed, you need to buck up and do it now.  And we need to build up your tolerance for wine.  You are a lightweight."
"So I have been told," Jeremy sneered while giving Avon an evil look.
"Take an hour to recover and then we will start training," Iramy advised.  "I have some practice swords we can use.  I do not need anyone getting hurt today; at least no blood and guts.  I also have a couple of vests for the two of you to use.  I do not need anything more than a bruise on either of you.  I will meet you both out back in one hour."

An hour later Jeremy and Avon found Iramy behind the mansion behind the fountain and formal garden.  The lawn was green and soft, the perfect place to learn and practice.  As they approached, they noticed Iramy twirling a longsword.  Her movements were artful and graceful.  It resembled a dance; a ballet.
"That was beautiful," Avon exclaimed.  "I want to do that."
"This was just me warming up and stretching out.  What I am about to teach you is not so beautiful.  I am going to teach you how to fight."
Avon and Jeremy noticed several swords lying on the ground.  Jeremy smiled as he saw another longsword.  He was intrigued by the ancient style swords, long and heavy, sharp on both edges.  It took strength and agility to wield them.  He also saw a pair of backswords, both with straight single-edged blades and hilts with a single-handed grip.
"The backswords are good for having a little fun," Iramy chuckled.  "But you need to know how to use the broadswords.  They are heavier and much more dangerous.  Once you learn to wield one, everything else is easy.  You will need lots of upper body strength and agility.  Not just with your arms but the rest of your body as well."
Jeremy started to reach for one of the broadswords when Iramy stopped him.  "Sorry, Captain Hanson but I need to start the two of you with something a little less dangerous.  I have a couple of bamboo rods.  They are the right length, and they will still do some damage if used properly, or improperly for that matter."
Jeremy groaned impatiently while still admiring the broadsword.  "In time, my dear Captain," Iramy chuckled.  "I will demonstrate some basic moves with the real thing, and then you can imitate the moves."
Iramy placed the sword back into the scabbard.  She showed them how to remove it without getting hurt.  "I like a slightly shorter sword," Iramy advised.  "It is a bit more personal, you have to be closer to your opponent.  They are easier to carry on the back of a vest, crosswise.  Once you become ambidextrous with a sword, two is a lot better than one."
"So we will learn to fight with both hands?" Avon asked.
Iramy nodded.  "First, using both hands and then one handed.  This way if you are injured you can flip the sword into the other hand and defend yourself.  The trick, of course, is not to get injured.  There are many techniques to learn both offensively and defensively.  I will teach you both simultaneously."
"How hard can it be?" Jeremy mused.
"Remember your first shot into the ceiling the other day?" Iramy laughed.
Jeremy's cheeks turned red.  "Oh yeah."
"Always be prepared for battle.  Have your sword ready.  It can be a matter of life or death if you are wasting critical seconds pulling it out.  Practice and practice a lot until it is second nature.  We will do that a little later.  The two of you can practice drawing your swords while I prepare lunch."
Iramy reached down and tossed a bamboo stick to Avon and Jeremy.  "This will not emulate the weight of the real thing, but until I know no one is going to be gutted, we will use these and learn proper techniques first.”  Iramy picked up a bamboo rod.  "Hold it with two hands, dominant hand on top.  I will show you everything right handed.  But remember to practice left handed as well."
Iramy watched as both positioned their hands on the bamboo.  "Hold it tight.  The last thing you want to do is have your opponent disarm you or worse, drop your sword because your grip was weak.  It is not only embarrassing but possibly lethal."
Iramy stepped in front of Avon.  "Hold the rod in front of you extended.  Now hold on tight.  I am going to knock it out of your hand."  Avon did as instructed.  Iramy took her stance and swung.  Avon's rod flew out of her hands and landed several feet away.
"We need to work on your grip," Iramy laughed.  "You are next, Captain Hanson."
Iramy moved in front of Jeremy.  She could see the determination on his face, the tautness of his grip.  "Hold on," Iramy laughed as she swung.  Likewise, Jeremy's rod went flying.  The look on his face was priceless.
"What the frack," Jeremy called out, completely astonished and shaking his hands as if trying to return the blood flow to his palms.  "That hurt."
"Hitting the sword in the right spot will disarm your opponent.  I will teach you more about it later.  I am going to teach you how to kill your opponent offensively.  Then I will teach you a lot more."
Avon and Jeremy retrieved their rods.  "Always ensure your body is properly positioned and balanced.  Stay relaxed and take deep breaths.  You will need to make split-second decisions during a duel to ensure survival.  Stay focused."
Iramy turned to Jeremy.  "During a fight, you will be either attacking or defending.  Sometimes it is hard to discern one from the other.  If your opponent is striking first, you will be defending, but you have to move quickly to attack.  You cannot spend the entire fight defending yourself; you will lose in the end and die.  We will start with you defending yourself.  I will attack."
Iramy stepped closer to Jeremy and stood slightly to the side.  Pointing the bamboo rod towards Jeremy, she lunged forward.  Jeremy jumped out of the way but did not counter.
"Good job moving out of the way but you really did not defend yourself.  Try again."
Iramy swung around, hitting Jeremy on the side of his chest.
"Ouch," Jeremy called out in pain.
"Defend yourself," Iramy called out.  "If you do not want me to hit you, then stop me."  Iramy continued to attack, aiming for Jeremy's torso.  Trying again and again, Jeremy failed to block Iramy's relentless attack.  "It is harder than it looks," Iramy laughed and then stopped.
Iramy reached into a duffle bag sitting nearby and pulled out two black vests.  "Put these on," she advised Jeremy and Avon.  "I have done enough damage for one day."
Jeremy lifted his shirt and saw several bruises on his side and chest.  "At least nothing is broken," he groaned.
"I have an herbal remedy for bruises," Iramy informed Jeremy.  "You will be as good as new in a couple of days.  We would not want to leave any marks on that perfectly chiseled body of yours."
Once Jeremy and Avon had donned the vests, Iramy started walking away.  "Have fun, you two.  Remember to aim for the vest.  I do not have time to heal either of you."
"That is it?" Avon exclaimed.
"Work on offense and defense.  We will work on technique later.  I want the two of you to become comfortable attacking and defending.  See you for lunch."  Iramy continued to walk away.  Both Jeremy and Avon watched her walk into the mansion before speaking.
"I do not get it," Avon pondered aloud.
"Me either," Jeremy replied.  "But I guess she knows what she is doing.  She is good with a sword; an expert."
Avon looked towards the house.  "I never knew.  I did not know any of this.  I wonder when she practices.  She is so graceful as if she has been doing this all her life."
"I would not want to go against her, and if I have to go against anyone who has as much skill as her, I will be dead in a matter of seconds."
"I guess she wants us to learn together, novice against novice."
"Why don't you attack first," Jeremy suggested.  "I will defend."
"I am not sure I am going to do this right," Avon chuckled apprehensively.
"I am sure in a fight, a real fight; you take any attack you can."
Avon shrugged.  "Ready when you are," she announced and pointed the bamboo rod towards Jeremy.  Jeremy took his stance and readied for the parry.  Avon lunged at Jeremy's shoulder, and he blocked.
"Again," Jeremy called out.
Avon lunged and swung again and again.  Sometimes she made contact with Jeremy's body, most of the time she did not.  After ten minutes of the two of them twirling and lunging, Avon stopped.  "This is harder than I thought.  But it is fun.  I like it.  I can already feel it in my arms and shoulders."
"This is a good work out," Jeremy agreed.  "Now it is my turn."
Avon took her stance to defend, and Jeremy attacked.  His first lunge connected with the side of her rib cage.  Surprised, she stumbled back and fell to the ground.  "Damn," Avon cried out.
"Are you okay?" Jeremy asked while stepping forward.
"I think my ego is bruised," Avon laughed.  "You are stronger than me, and you outweigh me by quite a bit."
"Why don't we just fight and see how it goes?" Jeremy suggested.
"Okay," Avon agreed.  "I might be better on offense than on defense."
"You have to be good at both," Jeremy quickly countered.
"Both of us do," Avon stated with a strange tone in her voice.  "There is a reason Iramy is determined we learn how to use swords.  I wish I knew why."
"You get that vibe too?" Jeremy asked.  "Something is going on.  I wish I knew what it was."
"Me too," Avon replied, nearly whispering.  "But I do not think we are going to get any answers from her or anyone else."
"So we train?" Jeremy asked rhetorically.
"Yes," Avon agreed.  "We train as if our lives depend on it."
"Let's have fun today," Jeremy requested.  "I already have a few battle bruises."
"Okay," Avon giggled.  "I will take it easy on you."
Avon jumped forward to attack, and Jeremy effectively defended himself.  Twirling and swinging the two continued to attack and defend.  As they became more comfortable, they became more confident and more assertive.  After only thirty minutes, both were equally covered in perspiration and out of breath.
"My shoulders hurt," Avon grimaced while backing away from Jeremy.  "Shall we call it quits for the day?"
"Good idea," Jeremy agreed.  "I need some of whatever Iramy has for these bruises.  I am in pain."
"But I thought you liked pain," Avon giggled.
"That woman can swing.  Iramy is a lot stronger than she looks."
Avon nodded, and the two gathered all the swords.  Silently they walked back to the mansion.  Iramy met them in the kitchen.  "Remove your shirt, Captain," Iramy demanded as soon as Avon and Jeremy entered.
Jeremy glared at Iramy in horror.  "I need to heal you," Iramy explained.  "Avon, please give us some privacy."
Avon knew better than to question Iramy.  It would be both inappropriate and confrontational.  As each revelation about Iramy was exposed, Avon was learning just how dangerous and lethal Iramy could be.  Her mild-mannered nanny was not as docile and helpless as she looked.  The tame housekeeper and cook had secrets and skills.
Avon nodded and scurried out of the kitchen.  "Your shirt, Captain," Iramy repeated.
"I can do this myself," Jeremy countered.
"I got a few good hits on your back.  You may not have felt it before but trust me I know where every thrust landed."
Jeremy looked around as if assuring they were alone.  Hesitantly he removed his shirt.  Looking down he saw several bruises on his rib cage and sides.  Jeremy could not even imagine what his back looked like.
Iramy smiled looking at Jeremy's muscles and physique.  He worked out every day, and it showed.  Iramy picked a bowl off the counter.  It contained a gooey purple substance with the consistency of mashed potatoes.  "This is going to be cold, but it will feel soothing," Iramy warned.  Dipping her fingers into the goo, she began rubbing it onto Jeremy's back.
Jeremy could feel the homemade remedy instantly cool the bruises.  He could feel it pulling out the pain and replacing it with relaxing warmth.  "That feels good," Jeremy sighed and turned around.  He did not complain when Iramy continued to apply the purple goo to the bruises on his rib cage.
"Leave it on for at least fifteen minutes.  Then you can shower or hit the sanitation stall.  We will apply more this afternoon if we need to.  I am sorry for striking you so hard, but both you and Avon need to know how to defend yourself in a sword fight.  There are other planets and other galaxies which still use swords.  If the General's warning comes to fruition, you will both be prepared."
Jeremy looked down at Iramy and stared into her blank eyes with suspicion.  "What do you know?"
"Nothing definite," Iramy replied.  "But if I read General Zadoorian correctly, something out there is brewing.  And it is going to be bad.  I know the Academy trained you for modern weapons and hand to hand combat, but when it comes to the real thing, you will need more.  Ancient fighting techniques will be invaluable."
"I know you know more than what you are saying.  Even Avon thinks so.  But we both agreed not to ask."
"I only have my suspicions at this point, and I am not going to speculate or put erroneous information out there.  If and when you need to know more, then I will speak up.  You have my promise."

"How are the bruises?" Avon asked the next morning.
"Barely visible and the pain is nonexistent," Jeremy answered.  "Iramy has some extraordinary skills.  I am surprised some lucky man has not snatched her up."
"Are you interested?" Avon joked.
"If I was a bit older, maybe," Jeremy chuckled.  "Iramy is a well-rounded woman.  Beautiful, a fantastic cook and damn can she take care of herself.  I would not want to be the man who pisses her off.  She would remove his balls."
Avon busted out laughing.  "I believe she would.  The more I have learned about Iramy this summer, the more I want to be like her.  I do not think I could ever be as good as her with a rifle or a sword.  She makes it look so easy."
"Well, she has had a lot more practice than you," Jeremy reminded Avon.  "So do you want to practice this afternoon?  We need to do some weight training this morning.  It will help."
"My shoulders are still a bit sore," Avon replied rolling her shoulders back several times.
"Then it will be good to stretch them out, especially after carrying a full pack this morning."
"And just when I thought life was getting a little easier," Avon laughed.
"Well, I do have some good news," Jeremy announced.  "I talked to your father last night, and he sent me the coordinates for a place we can go camping.  It is actually on your property about five miles from here.  There is even a river nearby so we will be able to fish and hunt; learn to live off the land."
"A river?"
"You have not explored the property?"
"No."
"Well, we are about to.  Quite a bit is wooded so maybe we will be able to do a little hunting.  I would like it if we did not have to carry in a week's worth of rations with us."
"Rations?  You mean U-Rats?"
"Yepper," Jeremy chuckled.  "Military Universal Rations.  The meal of champions."
"Yuck," Avon grimaced, about to gag.  "I hate those things."
"It is either that or starve."
"You do not give a girl many options do you?"
"I am afraid not, princess."
Now Avon was pissed.  She hated being called princess.  "When are you going to cut the princess crap?"
"As soon as you prove to me you are a soldier and not a debutant."
"Just wait until this afternoon then," Avon chuckled.  "Suddenly my shoulders are not hurting so much.  I think we need to see a little bamboo action."
"Only if you are up to it, princess."

Iramy stared at Avon and Jeremy as they walked into the kitchen late afternoon.  "What in the hell happened to the two of you," Iramy gasped.  Avon's shirt was ripped and stained green.  Jeremy's cargo pants were torn at the knee and stained with blood.  Iramy was confused as both were laughing.
"We were sword fighting," Avon continued to laugh.
Jeremy laughed even harder.  "Actually we just took turns beating each other with the bamboo rods.  I am sure it did not resemble sword fight at all."
"It looks like both of you needs the regenerator to heal a few wounds and then a trip to the sanitizer stall.  You are both bloody and dirty.  Those clothes are ruined."
"We fell a time or ten," Avon chuckled.  "Our coordination sucks."
"Are you hurt; really hurt?" Iramy asked filled with concern.
"I am sure we both need some of your purple goop," Jeremy shrugged with a smile.
"Did you wear the vests?" Iramy asked suspiciously.
"Nope," Avon replied.  "No pain, no gain."
Iramy's face showed her abhorrence.  "What the hell!  This is not about beating each other into submission."
"True but it does motivate you to defend yourself," Jeremy retorted, while still smiling.
"And to run fast," Avon added with a giggle.
"So were you practicing or just chasing each other around the yard?" Iramy groaned.
Avon and Jeremy glanced at each other and busted out laughing.  "Both," they called out in unison.
Iramy was not sure whether to be amused or disappointed.  "Go clean up and heal the cuts.  I will mix up the purple goop for the bruises.  Looks like I will need to have more eucalyptus delivered.  I am going to run out by the end of the week."
"Sorry," Avon and Jeremy sounded out facetiously and ran out of the room.
Iramy shook her head watching Jeremy and Avon run towards the stairs.  She smiled.  Finally, they found something they enjoyed doing together.  Together they would learn.  Together they would learn each other's strengths and weaknesses.  Together they would push each other to succeed.

The next couple of weeks went much the same.  Avon and Jeremy would run each morning, have breakfast, do their weight training, eat lunch and then spar on the lawn with their bamboo sticks.  Occasionally they would help Iramy in the garden.  Jeremy was learning more and more about eating fresh and raising vegetables.  He even started to find the smell of the soil relaxing.  It did not smell like the toxic dirt back in the slums.  It was sweet and woodsy.  It smelled of life, not death.
Each night after dinner everyone would disperse, to relax and do their own thing.  Jeremy spent a lot of time in his suite, practicing his piloting skills on the simulator.  Avon would soak in her tub.  Iramy would curl up in the study with a book and read.
About a week before the scheduled camping trip, Jeremy approached Iramy.  "General Zadoorian sent me the coordinates for the camping site.  He advised me everything we should need for the week is in the bunker.  We are going to need a tent, and he said something about fishing poles."
"It has been forever since we have gone fishing," Iramy stated with a bittersweet smile.  "We used to go a lot when Avon was little.  It seems like a lifetime ago."
"Sounds like it was a happier time," Jeremy mused.
"It was," Iramy smiled.  "Life has been good to us, though.  I have no place to complain.  I would not leave Avon and the General for anything.  They are my family."
"What about love?"
"I fell in love once," Iramy replied.  "But it did not work out.  We had different goals.  Our paths took us far away from each other.  But I do not regret it, not for a moment."
"Maybe you will find love again," Jeremy suggested.
"Maybe."


Chapter 10 - Bivouac

Week eight of summer training had finally arrived.  Avon was looking forward to a week of no PT.  Yes, she was stronger, more muscular and her stamina had increased dramatically.  Still, a week of no early morning training would be like a vacation.  The downside was a week of living off the land, a weeklong camping trip.  It would be a week without creature comforts; no showers, no home cooked meals and most of all, no soft, comfortable bed or soaking tub.
With Avon's strength training coming to an end, her speed training would begin after they returned from the camping trip.  She was more confident in her abilities and was looking forward to running without a seventy-five-pound rucksack on her back.  Plus the day after their return was Avon's twentieth birthday.  Not only was she looking forward to the celebration but Jeremy had agreed to give her the whole day off from training.  It would be the best birthday gift ever.  Of course, her father being home would make it a perfect day.  Avon pouted knowing it would not be a perfect day.
Avon turned away, quickly stifling the tears forming in her eyes.  She would not let Captain Hanson see her cry.  Instead, she checked her pack for the ninth time.  She counted each pair of socks, rerolled every article of clothing and squeezed in an extra pair of shoes.  Avon strapped her bed liner and blanket to the bottom and then added ten packets of U-rats.  She smiled knowing her pack would be lighter on the trip home.
Avon grabbed both water bladders and filled them with water; enough for both her and Jeremy.  Jeremy had divided the additional equipment between the two of them; equipment for fishing, cooking, and a tent in case of rain.
“Do not forget the matches,” Jeremy called out for the tenth time.
"They are in my back pocket," Avon yelled back for the tenth time.
"Show me," Jeremy demanded.  Avon pulled out the matches and waved them in the air.  Jeremy grabbed them and shoved them into his pocket.
"You don't trust me," Avon snarled.
"I trust you," Jeremy chuckled.  "But I am not into sushi.  I like my fish cooked."
"Are you really planning on us catching fish to eat?" Avon asked sarcastically.
"Yepper," Jeremy replied.  "I am going to teach you how to search for all kinds of wild plant life we can eat.  You may know about planting seeds in nice neat rows, but you need to know how to survive no matter where you are.  We might even find a wild animal or two to kill and grill."
"Yuck," Avon grimaced.  "I like my meat replicated.  The sight of blood and I do not get along too well."
"I have had to kill and clean an animal or two in my life," Jeremy chuckled, rolling his eyes.  "It is a good skill to have.  You never know when it will come in handy.  Someday you will be thankful for a little fire-roasted rat."
Avon had to suppress her gag reflex.  Her dark olive complexion was turning green, pale green.
Jeremy laughed.  "Mark my word, one day you will be hungry enough to eat anything that scurries in front of you."
"I will never be that hungry," Avon refuted with a shudder as Jeremy turned away and chuckled.
"Do you have your survival knife and your laser?"
"Armed and dangerous," Avon giggled.
"Is that dangerous to yourself or others?"
"Only to you," Avon retorted with a smile.
Minutes later all their gear was loaded into General Zadoorian's vehicle.  "I want to set up camp before dark," Jeremy explained.  "However we will be hiking back at the end of the week."
Avon smiled.  She was pleased she would not have to carry the full packs the five miles to the back of the property.  Her father owned quite a bit of land with several miles of woods and a river on the back section.  She felt a bit more secure knowing she would be in essence camping at home.  The transport quickly took them to the edge of the woods where they unloaded their gear and hiked in the remaining mile or so.
By the time they reached their final destination, Avon was tired.  "Maybe I shouldn't have packed so much," she pondered aloud.
"You will be glad you did," Jeremy chuckled.  "It is your first time roughing it.  You will need to learn to survive on less, though.  There may be a time you will have to really have to make it with nothing but the clothes on your back and a weapon.  But that will come later.  You will learn basic survival next year at the Academy.  This is just a precursor."
Avon had forgotten about the two-week survival course at the Academy.  She would learn about surviving in all types of climates; hot, cold, water and even in a damaged battleship.  She quickly pushed it from her mind.  It was the last thing she wanted to think of.
Avon looked towards Jeremy, who was setting up the tent.  "I only have one.  It is big enough for the two of us.  We should only need it if it rains, though."
"What about wild animals?" Avon quickly gasped.
"A tent will not stop an animal if it is hell-bent on attacking.  Some are not even deterred by a fire."
Avon started to panic.  The thought of wild animals, insects, and even snakes frightened her.  "I guess I will start gathering firewood."
Avon walked towards the river.  Stopping a few yards from the bank, she looked around.  The area felt familiar, but she could not discern why.  Still, she found it peaceful and relaxing.  It was quiet except for the sound of the water and the birds chirping around her.  It was almost too quiet.
Avon did not hear Jeremy walk up behind her.  "This is a great spot for camping and fishing," Jeremy sighed softly.  "Your father sent me the coordinates for this place.  He told me he used to bring you here when you were little."
"I do not remember it," Avon whispered looking around again.  "I do not remember any of it."
"He told me it was before you started school, so I guess you were probably about three or four," Jeremy revealed.  "He said he had very fond memories of it."
"I wish I could remember," Avon said while trying to recall anything.
"I cannot remember things from that age," Jeremy confessed.  "My father died when I was only four.  I do not remember him at all.  I wish we could have had a spot like this to share."
"I am sorry, Captain Hanson," Avon replied sincerely.
Jeremy could tell she was sincere.  "First names this week, okay?  We are a team, and we need to be able to trust each other, depend on each other."
"Thank you, Jeremy," Avon stated awkwardly.  "What do we need to do?"
"Help me set up the fire pit and get it ready.  Then we can scout the area and do a little fishing.  If we do not catch anything, we have U-rats for lunch."
"Yuck," Avon sneered.
"They will keep us alive just like they are designed to do," Jeremy chuckled.  "They are a fully balanced meal in a pouch.  Be thankful.  There are people out there who would kill for one of these."
"Was it really horrible?  The way you grew up?" Avon asked.  Her voice showed care and concern.
"It was not the greatest of lives.  But I survived it.  I had my mother, and she loved me.  She made sure I ate at least once a day, sometimes more.  It was not easy."
"And look at you now," Avon replied with a closed-lipped smile.
Jeremy inhaled deeply.  His eyes showed his sadness, his loneliness.  "But look at what I lost to get here."
Avon did not know how to respond.  She had not experienced loss the way Jeremy had.  She had not felt the pain of losing a parent.  Her mother had died while Avon was still an infant.  She tried to imagine the pain she would feel if she lost her father.  She could begin to comprehend the depths of that kind of raw emotion.  Avon wanted to console Jeremy.  Not because she had any type of romantic feelings for Jeremy but because he was reliving some of the pain he could not shake.  Avon could see how it weighed Jeremy down and prevented him from connecting with other people.  He was a loner; afraid of loving and then losing love.
Avon knew loneliness first hand.  Raised as an only child; schooled at home.  She had been taught to be the perfect hostess.  Sure there were the countless dinners and parties she attended with her father.  But General Zadoorian had kept Avon sequestered most of her life.  Her only friends were Cleo and Susan, who she only saw at yet another military function.  Even at the Academy, she was alone; avoided by her classmates who either envied her or who were afraid because of whom her father was.  Avon had never had a close relationship with anyone, male or female.   Avon's most intimate relationship was with Iramy; her nanny.  Iramy was as close to being a surrogate mother or friend Avon had.
Everything became clear to Avon.  After spending eight weeks together, Jeremy was only her trainer, her commanding officer.  In less than one month, she would be returning to the Academy, and Jeremy would be on to his next assignment.  Jeremy would not and could not show her any compassion.  One, he would not put himself in a position which would jeopardize his career and two, he would not put himself in a position of being hurt again.  Jeremy would never allow himself to be hurt again.  Not that Avon wanted a romantic relationship, but now she understood the barrier he had placed between them.  This was a job, nothing more.
Avon looked at Jeremy.  "I get it now," Avon nodded.  "I am sorry I was too busy wallowing in self-pity to think about you and what you were sent here to do.  You told me once I was the sorriest excuse for an officer you had ever seen, and you would shoot me rather than rely on me as part of your team.  I would like for us to be a team.  No more fighting you.  I am ready now.  I get it."
Jeremy smiled.  He had hoped the camping trip would not only be a break from the PT but teach Avon how to be a team player.  She was ready mentally.  He just hoped he was as well.
"I would like us to have a least a little fun this week," Jeremy suggested.  "I say we relax and just take it one day at a time, one meal at a time."
"Let's get the fire pit ready then," Avon nodded in agreement.  "We can teach each other about wild edible plants, and you can teach me how to fish."
"It is good you are not afraid of worms," Jeremy laughed.  "Or getting your nails dirty."
"Get off the princess train already," Avon grumbled, stomping her foot.  She could feel her hatred for Jeremy climbing exponentially with her blood pressure.  She could feel her body shake with anger, her face turning red.  "If I would not get court-martialed, I tell you a thing or two about how I feel about it."
Jeremy's eyes lit up.  His lips formed an upside down smile.  His curiosity was piqued.  "Let me have it," Jeremy stated staring Avon directly in the eye.
"No consequences?" Avon demanded with her hands firmly on her hips.
"No consequences," Jeremy replied.  "I think it is about time we clear the air."
Avon looked at Jeremy and the smirk on his face.  It was just enough for her to believe she could reveal her thoughts, her feelings.  Avon could feel her body relaxing, even if just a little, her lungs no longer tight and heavy.  "Okay," Avon smiled.  "Here goes."
Avon took a deep breath and let loose.  "You are a power hungry control freak trying to use me as an end to your goals.  You are too busy covering your own ass to care about anybody but yourself.  You do not care about me or my feelings; my opinions are irrelevant.  You think because you grew up in the slums and crawled your way out that the world owes you something; that I owe you something.  Everything is someone else's fault; never yours.  You are too busy projecting blame to take a look in the mirror and see you are the cause of some of your problems.  You are the reason you do not have any friends.  Maybe I am not the model ICE Cadet, and maybe you have helped me to be a better one, but I am still a human being with a heart and feelings.  I am not a Princess, and I do not pretend to be one."
"Better?" Jeremy asked succinctly with a smirk of satisfaction on his face.  Avon had spoken exactly what he thought she would; there were no surprises.
"A little," Avon sighed.
"But there was more?"
"Yes.  But now I understand why you carry that giant chip on your shoulder.  You have been hurt, hurt badly.  You are human just like me, and we both bleed red.  I will not use the loss of your family against you.  Even I am not that cold and callous.  I just hope someday, you will let someone into your life and into your heart.  I pray you will learn to love again."
Jeremy's brows rose as his lips tightened.  "That is a little harsh.  But there is a lot of truth in your words.  I will not pretend to be a fluffy bunny, but I will try not to be so gruff.  My life is not your fault.  And yes, I guess I am envious of how easy your life has been.  But it is my problem, not yours.  I will try not to use you as my personal whipping post.  I was wrong for doing that."
"Thank you."
Jeremy held out his hand as a gesture of friendship; a truce.  Avon accepted it.  "Now we are a team."
It did not take long for newly declared teammates to set up the camp and the fire pit.  They worked silently, speaking only when needed.  When they had finished, both smiled.  For the first time in eight weeks, the smiles reached their eyes.  "It is hot today," Jeremy grimaced.  "I am thinking of taking a dip in the river before we start fishing.  I need to cool off."
"I will wait," Avon frowned.
"Don't you know how to swim?"
Avon was embarrassed and looked down to the ground.  "No."
"Most people don't; especially civilians," Jeremy replied.  "Learning to swim will be a part of your survival training.  I will go in first and see how deep it is.  You can wade out."
"You are really going to go in there?  Is it safe?"
"It does not look that bad.  I do not see trash or anything which could hurt us.  I hope you are not planning on going a whole week without bathing.  That is just disgusting."
"I guess I did not expect to sweat so much.  I suppose I did not really think about it."
"Well, I am going in.  I have a pair of cut-offs.  I will change first.  If you care to join me, just come on down to the river," Jeremy suggested as he reached into his pack and pulled out a pair of sweatpants he had shortened.  Once they were in his hand, he removed his shirt and his shoes.  Avon found it hard not to stare.  Jeremy was in prime condition.  Avon could see the results of all the sit-ups and push-ups Jeremy did every day.  His chest and abs were well defined.  His arms were strong and muscular from lifting weights.  It was the first time Avon had seen him without a shirt on and not covered in bubbles.  Actually, it was only the second time she had seen any man shirtless.  Even at the Academy, co-ed classes prohibited men from being shirtless or women to wear anything less than shorts and a shirt.  And then if there was a chance the t-shirt could be ripped or removed, even by accident, the women were required to wear two t-shirts.
Jeremy tried to pretend he had not seen Avon's reaction.  While Avon was an attractive woman, he was not romantically interested in her.  Still, he found her stares amusing.  Jeremy hid his smirk as he walked away.
Avon stood alone in the camp trying to decide what to do.  She was hot and dirty and just wanted to feel clean.  Mentally she took inventory of the clothing in her pack.  She did not have anything she could repurpose for going into the river.  Plus she was afraid of going into the water.  She did not know what to do.  After several minutes, she walked towards the river bank.
"How deep is it?" Avon asked, stalling for time.
"There is a slight slope for several feet before it drops off.  You will be able to wade in until it is about waist deep."
Avon was still afraid.  Her eyes clearly declared her fear.  "Do you not trust me?" Jeremy asked.  He was concerned when Avon did not answer immediately.
"I have to trust you," Avon finally replied.  "But..."  Avon could not finish.
Jeremy started swimming towards Avon.  He stopped when he was able to stand.  "Remove your shoes and your pants.  Leave everything else on," he instructed.  "Then start walking towards me.  I will not let anything happen to you."
"Are you sure," Avon asked almost crying.
"I trust you to have my six, now you need to trust me."
Jeremy's statement of confidence gave Avon the resolve she needed.  Deep down, she did trust him.  She slipped off her shoes and socks.  Turning her back to him, she removed her pants.  She pulled her t-shirt down around her buttocks and turned around timidly.
Jeremy was slow in hiding his smile.  Two months of eating properly and physical training had transformed Avon's body.  She was no longer a thin, anorexic girl.  She had the curves of a woman.  Jeremy's smile caused Avon to be embarrassed.
Jeremy held out his arms as if inviting her into the river.  "The water feels good," he smiled.  "Just trust me."
"If I drown, I will kill you," Avon snapped, trying to mask her fear.  Slowly she walked to the water's edge.  Placing her toes into the water, she jumped back.  "I thought you said the water was warm."
Jeremy laughed.  "I said the water felt good and it does.  Once you are in, it will feel warmer."
Avon pushed herself to enter the water.  She tried not to hop around as she took another step.  "It is cold," she grumbled.  When she was a few steps from Jeremy, Avon stopped.
"I am standing on the ledge," Jeremy advised her.  "I am going to step back so you can come in a little further.  Keep your feet on the bottom, so you can feel when to stop."
Jeremy stepped back and disappeared from the surface.  He appeared a few seconds later a few yards from the edge.  "Did you want to learn how to swim today?"
There was no pause from Avon.  "No," she exclaimed immediately.  "I would rather learn in a pool where they can find my dead, sunken body after I have drowned."
Jeremy laughed.  "Well, if you change your mind, just let me know.  I am going to swim to the other side and back.  Try not to die while I am gone."  Jeremy turned, and after taking a deep breath, he dove below.  Resurfacing several feet later, he swam towards the other shore.  Avon watched from her original stopping point afraid of going any further.  A few minutes later Jeremy returned.
"You are a good swimmer," Avon stated as a compliment.
"I took full advantage of the pool during my summers at the Academy," Jeremy revealed.  "It is a good way to work out.  Swimming uses your entire body, and it is less stressful on your bones; low impact exercising."
"Well, I have had enough low impact exercising for today," Avon grinned.  "I am out of here."
Jeremy stifled his laughter.  "You go get into some dry clothes, and I will be there in a few minutes.  I am going to do another lap."
Avon watched as Jeremy dove back into the water.  She turned and got out of the water as fast as she could.  She grabbed the clothing she had left on the ground and ran back to the camp; shivering the entire way.  Glancing at the fire pit, she frowned.  All she wanted was to be warm again.  But Jeremy had taken the matches from her.  Knowing she had only minutes before he returned, she quickly pulled dry clothes out of her pack and got dressed.  Avon reached for her thermal blanket and wrapped it around her.
Jeremy slowly strolled into the campsite.  "Are you cold?"
"Just a little and you have the matches," Avon managed with her teeth chattering.
"You will be warm in just a few minutes if you walk around in the sun for a few minutes.  Never waste firewood.  And, by the way," Jeremy smiled, "You do not need matches to start a fire."
"What the frack?"
"You have your laser.  You could have started the fire with it."
"Then why were you all over my ass this morning about not forgetting the matches?"
"I was just yanking your chain plus I needed to know I could trust you to remember to bring everything I had told you to."
Avon's jaw went tight.  "It was a test?"
"Something like that."
"I really hate you sometimes," Avon sneered as she jumped up and stomped out of the camp.  She could hear Jeremy laughing.  After she had cooled down emotionally and warmed up physically, Avon returned to the camp.
"Where are your wet clothes?" Jeremy asked her.
"In my pack."
"You put your wet clothes in your pack with your clean, dry ones?  Why would you do that?"
"I cannot have you seeing my undergarments."
"Princ..." Jeremy started and abruptly stopped.  "Avon, pull them out.  Hang them on a tree limb or lay them in the grass in the clearing.  You do not want them molding or ruining everything else.  I know you are shy but..."
"I get it," Avon barked out.  "I will hang them up when we go fishing."
"Well let's get to it then.  However, your clothes will dry faster in the sun.  Just saying."
Jeremy reached into his pack and pulled out two small foldable fishing poles.  "Iramy found these in the bunker," Jeremy told Avon.  "She showed me how to use them.  This should be fun."
"What are they?"
"Fishing poles," Jeremy shrugged.  "I have never done this before, but I am going to give it a try.  I like eating fish and so do you.  I even did a little research to find out how to clean the fish and cook them on an open fire."
"So you have not done this before?" Avon asked.
Jeremy shook his head no.  "How hard can it be?"
Avon started laughing hysterically.  "Every time you ask 'how hard can it be' something terrible goes wrong; first with the rifle and then with the swords.  I really wish you would quit jinxing yourself."
"Oops," Jeremy laughed as he started walking towards the river.  "Come on.  We will figure this out together.  Did you pack a first aid kit?"
"No regenerator," Avon advised.  "Just some old-fashioned bandages."
"It is going to be an interesting week."
Avon stood beside Jeremy looking out over the river again.  "I still do not remember coming here with my father."
"He said it was before you started school.  I do not remember anything from when I was that age.  I wish I could.  Then maybe I could remember my father."
Avon did not reply.  She did not know what to say.  She reached out and took one of the small plastic fishing poles from Jeremy.  "How do we use these?"
Jeremy took a few minutes and showed Avon what Iramy had shown him.  She showed her how to cast and how to reel the line back in.  "Iramy explained how to bait the hook.  I will find a few worms, and we will give it a try.  Otherwise, it is U-Rats for lunch."
"This better work," Avon begged as she helped Jeremy dig into the ground.  Finding a worm, she handed it to Jeremy.  Jeremy took it from her and pushed one end of it onto the hook.  It took a few tries, but he eventually wrapped the worm around the hook.  Then he baited the hook for Avon.
After both hooks had been baited, Jeremy cast his line into the water.  Avon attempted to cast but failed.  "Try it again," Jeremy told her.  Avon lifted her arm up and back but just as her arm started forwarded her thumb slipped, and her line and hook went out, and the hook landed in the grass behind her.  "Well if we were fishing for grass, you would have the first catch of the day," Jeremy laughed.  Jeremy handed her his pole and cast hers.  "Now we wait."
"How do we know we have caught a fish?"
"You are supposed to feel the fish nibbling on the worm.  When you do, you jerk back and hook the fish.  Then you reel it in."
"Sounds simple enough."
Jeremy started laughing.  "No jinx."  Avon echoed his response.
After standing for a few minutes looking into the water, Avon sat down on the bank.  Jeremy sat down with her.  "Do you have any photos of your father?" Avon asked Jeremy.
"No."
"I do not have any photos of my mother either.  My father never talks about her.  I do not even know what she looked like."
"I bet you look like her.  You do not look a thing like the General.  Your skin is dark compared to his."
"True.  Sometimes I think I am adopted," Avon laughed jokingly.  "When did your father die?"
"About twenty years ago.  I do not know the date.  I remember it was summertime because it was as hot as hell.  I remember my mother crying for days, maybe weeks.  Then one day she stopped crying.  She packed us up, and we moved to the slums."
Avon was about to ask how Jeremy's father died when Jeremy suddenly jumped up.  "I think I caught something," he exclaimed, turning the crank on the reel.  "It feels like a big one.  It is fighting pretty hard."
"If it is big, then we have lunch," Avon called out excited.  "I am hungry."
Jeremy continued to reel in the fish.  When the fish came out of the water, Jeremy cursed.  "Damn this fish is small."  Looking down at the fish, it was barely four inches long.
"We are going to need about a dozen if they are all that small," Avon groaned.  "I am hungry," she repeated.
"This may take a while," Jeremy growled.  "We are going to have to find some herbs or greens to make a meal.  I saw a patch of dandelions and something which looked like wild onions."
"I thought you knew nothing about gardening," Avon smirked.
"I know about survival," Jeremy rebutted.  "You will learn about it this fall.  It looks like you will have a head start on your classmates.  I am also going to teach you about hunting, skinning and cooking wild animals."
"Yuck," Avon grimaced.  "You know I like my meat from a replicator."
"When you are hungry, starving, a rat, rabbit or even a porcupine will look better than a t-bone steak."
"I do not think I will ever be that hungry."
"Just wait," Jeremy replied with his brows raised.  "Just wait."
It took another hour for Avon and Jeremy to catch enough fish to make a decent sized meal.  Jeremy pulled out his knife and started cleaning the first fish.  "Get over here and help," he demanded.  "Or you do not eat."
"You are kidding, right?" Avon replied humorously, hopefully.
"No," Jeremy answered.  "Now get over here and help me."
Avon pulled out her knife and slowly walked over to the rock where Jeremy was standing.  "These do not have to be scaled," Jeremy explained showing the silky skin of several of the fish.  "But these ones do.  Use the side of your knife to scrape off the scales.  Then we will gut them and cook them.  I saw a flat rock we can use to put the skillet on."
"Can't I just forage for some dandelions?" Avon asked, still hopeful.
"No," Jeremy stated again.  "Get to scaling."
"What kind of fish are these," Avon asked.
"The hell if I know," Jeremy laughed.  "I am just going to call them lunch."
It took longer than expected to clean all the fish.  Jeremy showed Avon how to filet them and how to remove the bones and innards.  After harvesting some dandelions and some wild onions, they started cooking their feast.
"It smells good," Avon had to admit, "really good."
"The hungrier you are, the better it tastes."
"You ate rats back in the slums?" Avon asked.
"A few times, yes," Jeremy replied.  "Rats are not as common as you think in the slums.  Everyone is fighting for food.  The rat population is almost extinct in the slums; the same with pigeons.  A lot of people ate them as well."
Avon tried the hide the look of disgust on her face.  The thought of eating rats or pigeons was turning her stomach.  Still, she was curious, and Jeremy was finally talking about his childhood, his past.  "So what did you do for food?"
"My mother made sure we ate at least one good meal a day.  She always came home with food, enough food to fill us both up each night."
"Sounds like she worked hard to make sure you ate every day."
"She did.  She worked seven days a week.  She worked long hours."
"You spent a lot of time alone?"
Jeremy looked at Avon who looked sad.  "Do not feel sorry for me.  My life may not have been as cozy as yours, but I know my mother did the best she could.  She made sure I had people I could rely on for help.  I learned to fight and protect myself.  My mom taught me to read and ensured I had access to a port-a-com so I could get an education.  There are no schools in the slums.  Everyone is self-taught.  My mother made sure I learned everything I would need to get into the Academy.  She wanted me to leave the slums."
"Your life is remarkable.  What you have done is remarkable," Avon smiled.  "I had everything, food, tutors, everything and here you are teaching me how to be a better soldier."
"I am not remarkable.  I just wanted better for myself and for my mother.  I wanted us to have an easier life.  And it almost worked."
"I know you miss your mother," Avon whispered.  "I think I would have liked her.  She sounds like a strong woman.  The type of woman I could only hope to be."
"My mother helped everyone.  She was a giver, a nurturer.  She made sure the elderly in our section were fed and had medical treatment.  She made sure the infants had food; most of the time to our own detriment.  Sometimes I resented her for it.  I wanted so much for us to leave the slums.  But we never did.  And then when I was finally able to buy our way out, my mother was killed."
"And her murder turned your heart to stone?"
Jeremy looked down at the ground, staring at the fire, trying to hide his eyes.  "My mother was the only woman I ever loved.  She was my everything.  My love turned to hate.  My heart stopped beating.  I am not sure I will ever learn to open my heart to love a woman the way she would deserve to be loved.  I am not sure I could bestow the profound love you want to find with a man."
"That is sad," Avon whispered, fighting back her own tears.  "I do pray you will find love.  I do pray you find a way to feel again, to feel love and not hatred."
"I just do not know if it will ever happen," Jeremy replied sadly.  "But thank you.  Thank you for your prayers.  I hope you find the love of your life as well."
"We both have plenty of time," Avon giggled, trying to lighten the mood.  "I have three more years at the Academy and six years of obligatory service.  And you my dear Captain need to get a few promotions under your belt."
Jeremy chuckled.  "Looks like we both have a lonely decade in front of us."
"Damn, when you put it that way, it sounds like a lifetime."
"Time to eat," Jeremy suggested and ended the conversation of gloom and heartbreak.

After lunch, Jeremy stood.  "We will clean up from lunch, and then we get ready for tonight.  We will need to collect enough firewood to get us through the night.  We should not need it to stay warm, but we need to be prepared for the worst at all times."
"What about dinner?"
"We can hunt for small game.  If we are lucky, we can supplement out U-Rats.  If we are not lucky, get ready for a meal in a bag."
"I guess I am screwed either way," Avon grimaced.
"I have spent almost two months getting you to eat, and now that you are, you are going to be picky about your food?"
Avon did not answer Jeremy's question.  Instead, she turned and starting gathering wood.  "Try to find dry wood," Jeremy advised.  "It will catch on fire faster, and there will not be as much smoke.  Wet wood throws off lots of smoke.  Not a good thing if you are trying to stay warm and hide from the enemy."
"But we will need more if it burns fast," Avon retorted.
"Yes, we will."
"I hope I never end up somewhere cold.  I would freeze to death."
"The thermal blankets help a lot, but in extreme temperatures, a good fire is a key to survival.  It will keep you warm, cook your food and melt snow into water."
"Sounds like you know a lot about survival."
"I have lived it.  The Academy taught me the rest."
"Well, if we ever go to war, I hope you are my battle buddy.  It is the only way I will survive."
"You will do well.  I am going to teach you everything you need to know.  After we gather enough wood, we will go hunting."
After gathering enough wood to cook dinner and last through the night, Jeremy pulled his laser out of his pack.  "Grab yours," Jeremy told Avon.
"I still cannot believe you are going to make me kill an animal and eat it."
"You eat real bacon," Jeremy chuckled.
"But I did not have to look the pig in the eyes before I killed it."
"Someday you will be hungry enough to shoot your best friend and eat him or her for dinner.  Someday you will be in a situation where you will have to kill someone or lose your own life.  You had no problem shooting the rifle.  You need to be comfortable using a laser.  Bottom line princess, kill or be killed."
"So we are back to princess again?" Avon sneered.  Her face showed her anger and impatience.
"I am sorry," Jeremy replied.  "But only for calling you princess; not for implying you are weak."
"I am not weak!" Avon screamed.
"Maybe not physically but emotionally you are a weakling.  You need to buck up and learn to survive.  Your daddy is not always going to be there to protect you."
"You keep my father out of this!  What he did he did out of love.  Now you are punishing me; treating me like shit.  I do not deserve this."
"You may not deserve this, but you have to change and fast.  Unless you want to fail, unless you want to die, you need to get over all your issues and kill something."
"Well, right now I want to kill you!"
"Well, it is a start.  Now hold onto your anger and let's go kill something.  Just remember, my body does not have enough fat for it to be tender.  My meat would be tough to eat."
"I would rather starve than eat you!"
"I am happy to hear that.  We will head into the woods.  I will lead the way and look for animal tracks."
"Good," Avon snapped
"Good," Jeremy mimicked.  They were back to hating each other again.  Everything was back to normal.
Silently, Avon followed Jeremy.  Both had their lasers out and ready to be discharged.  Avon was not happy.  She hated the thought of killing anything.  While an ICE Cadet, she had hoped she could spend her entire ICE career hidden away in an office.  Avon had no desires to be deployed on a ship.  She had no yearning to travel.  Spending her entire career in Lorian City would make her happy.  Avon had no aspirations for anything above and beyond sitting at a desk and finishing her obligations.
Trying to track any wildlife in the dry wooded area was futile.  It had not rained in weeks.  Jeremy started looking for animal scat.  Finally, he found some, rabbit.  Knowing rabbits stayed close to their dens, Jeremy knew dinner was nearby.  He just needed to draw at least one out into the open.  "It looks like the den is over there," Jeremy whispered pointing at a section of low underbrush.  "I will come up from behind and scare them out into the open.  You aim for the head.  We want as much meat as possible."
"You want me to kill a cute little bunny rabbit?"
"Yes," Jeremy replied.  "You have to make your first kill sooner or later, and it might as well be now.  Remember, if you miss, we are eating nothing but U-Rats tonight.  Some fried rabbit will be fantastic."
"Why are you putting this on me?"
"So I can teach you how to survive."
"I will kill it, but the rest is up to you.  I will be damned if I have to skin it and cook it."
Jeremy restrained his urge to scream at Avon and stomp away.  "You will watch, and you will learn.  And yes, this is an order, Cadet."
"So we are back to Captain and Cadet again?" Avon sneered filled with disdain.
"I tried to be nice, but you are fighting me again.  When I say to do something, I want you to do it."
Avon could feel the tears starting to form.  It was times like this she hated being a Cadet.  She wondered if she was going to be able to finish the Academy and six years of active duty service.  Avon knew for sure she hated Jeremy more than anyone or anything on the planet.  She knew as an ICE officer, someday, one day she might have to kill to survive.  She just did not imagine it would be a cute furry bunny rabbit.
Avon held out her arm with her laser pointing towards the rabbit's den.  "I am ready," she choked out while trying to keep her arm from shaking.  Jeremy crept behind the den and started kicking the underbrush.  A few moments later, two rabbits hopped out.  It took a moment for Avon to decide which rabbit to shoot.
"Shoot just above the head when it lands.  You will make contact when it jumps up."
Avon waited for the rabbit to land and then aimed.  She pushed the trigger and watched the laser beam make contact in the center of its head.  Watching it slump to the ground dead, Avon openly cried.
Avon was so wrapped up in her own agony she did not see Jeremy take down the second rabbit.  "We are going to eat good tonight," Jeremy called out in victory.  Seeing Avon's tears, he walked over to the rabbit she had killed and picked it up by its hind legs.  "Head to the river," Jeremy told Avon and started walking away.
Avon stood frozen unable to move.  She knew the rabbits were going to ensure they had a good meal and one filled with protein.  However, she found no solace.  Avon had taken the life of a sentient being.  Her heart and soul were instantly changed forever.  Jeremy was nearly sixty feet away when Avon finally took her first step to follow him.  Captain Hanson had commanded her to kill, and Avon vowed to hate him forever.
Avon caught up with Jeremy at the river.  "Grab your knife and follow my lead," Jeremy stated authoritatively.  Avon immediately gasped in horror.
"But you said," Avon started to rebut but quickly stopped.  Jeremy was back in command mode, and she was nothing but a lowly cadet.  Avon pulled out her knife and walked forward.
"First we skin the rabbit and then gut it.  Afterward, we will remove the head and feet.  It will be ready for cooking.  Rabbit is easy to skin; it comes off really easy."
"You have done this before?" Avon asked.
"Yes, a few times while I was at the Academy."
"And how do we cook it?" Avon asked trying to distract herself from thinking about what she was doing.  She was trying to control her gag reflex while skinning the rabbit.
"What is your favorite chicken recipe?"
"What the frack?" Avon exclaimed.
"Any way you can cook chicken, you can cook rabbit.  The recipes are interchangeable."
"This is so gross; on so many levels," Avon gagged as she watched Jeremy cut into the underbelly of his rabbit and remove its entrails.  She nearly vomited as she cut into her rabbit and pulled out its innards.
"We will just pan fry them, or we can set up a rotisserie over the open flame.  I would suggest frying one so we can eat it sooner.  Roasting will take a little longer, and we will eat it later."

Avon hated admitting aloud that the rabbit meat tasted good, and remained silent as she ate it.  However, watching Avon devour the meat, Jeremy knew she liked it.  He smiled but did not gloat.  He did not want to piss her off again.
After dinner, Avon and Jeremy cleaned up and laid out their mats next to the fire.  The temperature was still warm, and there really was not a need for a fire, but Avon felt more secure with it being lit.  "I am tired," Avon yawned.
"We have had a full day," Jeremy agreed.  "We will sleep and get an early start."


Chapter 11 - Super Soldier

Jeremy woke before Avon and swam a few laps across the river and back.  Digging into his bag, he found the instant coffee Iramy had given him, and he heated some water.  When the coffee was ready, he nudged Avon on her shoulder.  "Time for coffee and breakfast," Jeremy told Avon.
"It is morning already?" Avon grumbled.
"It has been morning for a while.  I let you sleep.  You looked so peaceful."
"Coffee," Avon growled, still not awake.  Her eyes were still closed, but she held out her hand to accept the cup of coffee from Jeremy.  She took a sip, and her eyes opened wide.  "Damn this is strong!  Where did you learn to make coffee?"
"Now you are awake," Jeremy chuckled.  "Time for breakfast.  Then we will set some traps for food.  You will learn this in survival training as well."
"So we are going after more cute little bunny rabbits?" Avon scowled.
"Whatever we catch, we eat," Jeremy shrugged.  "While the U-Rats will give you the nutrition and the calories to keep you alive, the taste is a bit...hell...what is the word?"
"There is no taste," Avon replied.  "Unless you season them with the packet of foreign spices."
"Tasteless," Jeremy retorted.  "Yes, that's the word."
"The stew tastes like cardboard, the pasta tastes like cardboard, hell everything tastes like cardboard."
Jeremy laughed.  "Agreed.  And the spice packets taste like crap."
"So we hunt for meat, and we gather herbs and vegetables.  Sounds like another fun day."
"Actually, I am having a good time," Jeremy chuckled.  "This is so much better than survival training.  We have extra clothes, U-Rats, lots of water, mats, a tent, so much more.  During training, you get a knife, a blanket, some paracord, two bottles of water and some matches.  You have to scrounge for food, water, everything.  Still, you will have a foot up on your classmates.  You will beat the socks off them."
"Great," Avon grimaced and sighed.  "You want me to be a super soldier."
"The last thing I want is for you to be a super soldier, as you call it.  I just want you to show everyone you are not a helpless debutante and I want to know you will survive regardless of the situation."
"A super soldier," Avon repeated.
Jeremy could only shake his head and chuckle.  "How about we practice sword fighting after we eat and set the traps?  You like beating the hell out of me."
"We did not bring the bamboo sticks."
"We will find some tree branches.  They will not be as good, but at least we can have a little fun."
"I would love to have a sword like Iramy's, and I would love to be as good as her with it."
"I have the feeling it will take years of practice to be as good as Iramy.  She is amazing.  The design of the sword looks old.  It has some kind of family crest, but I do not recognize it.  Hell, it could be thousands of years old."
"It is beautiful.  Someday I am going to buy a sword of my own."
Jeremy tossed Avon a packet of U-Rats, and they settled in to eat.  Both grimaced as they forced themselves to swallow each bite of the tasteless nutrition; both forgoing the spice packets.
After breakfast, Avon tried to slip away for a few minutes alone at the river.  She wanted to clean as much of her body as possible.  She was not accustomed to being dirty.  She wanted nothing more than to rinse the sweat off her face and arms.
Avon did not see or hear Jeremy sneaking up behind her.  "I could teach you how to swim, and then you could wash more of your body," Jeremy offered.
"Why are you so anxious to watch me drown," Avon snapped.  The thought of going back into the river was not at the top of her personal bucket list.
Jeremy chuckled.  "I would never allow you to drown.  When are you going to trust me?"
"I trust you."
"Do you trust yourself?"
No one had ever asked Avon that.  As the General's daughter, no one had ever had the audacity to ask her that.  She was taken aback.  She opened her mouth to answer, but nothing came out.  She did not have the answer.
"Of course," Avon finally stated, her voice totally lacking confidence.
"But not enough to learn how to swim," Jeremy quickly retorted.
"I will learn next year," Avon countered.  "There is no need for me to learn today."
"You may not need to learn how to swim, but you need to know how to float and tread water.  You need to be able to go into the river alone and to take a bath.  By the end of the week, you are going to stink as bad as a slum rat."
"I already stink."
"It is because you insisted on sleeping as close to the fire as possible.  You think it will protect you from wild animals.  You probably sweated all night long."
Avon nodded but did not vocalize the fact that Jeremy was correct in his assumptions.  She had spent the night suffused in a pool of agonizing perspiration.  She wanted nothing more than to strip down and lather up.  The cold water was starting to look inviting; very inviting.
Avon stared at the river as if hypnotized by the sunlight glinting off of the water.  She tried to imagine herself floating in the river, cooled by the water.  Unable to see the sandy bottom, she was not able to force herself to take the first step off the bank and into the makeshift bath.
Avon had been asleep when Jeremy had taken his morning swim.  "Well, I am going in," Jeremy chuckled, lying.  "Today's going to be mighty hot and I need to rinse off yesterday's stink before today's stink makes it unbearable to be around.  Care to join me?"
Jeremy stripped down to his shorts and quickly waded out into the river.  "Damn this feels good."
Avon watched as Jeremy covered his entire body with the cold water.  "Come on, Avon," Jeremy taunted.  "I promise you are not going to drown."
Avon shook her head side to side and walked away.  There was no way she was going into the river.
Avon stomped back to the campsite.  While completely shaded by trees, the dense canopy did little to lower the already climbing temperatures.  Avon hated being so hot and sweaty.  She hated Jeremy for taunting her.  Avon hated herself for being afraid to go into the river.
Avon loved long soaks in the tub in her en-suite.  But she could find no similarities between the soaking tub and the river; outside both being filled with water.
Jeremy sauntered into the camp.  "After I change, we will start looking for lunch.  We will check the den for rabbits first.  If we are lucky, there are a few more living there.  Otherwise, I will get us a couple squirrels."
"Yuck.  Rats with furry tails," Avon grimaced.
"There will not be much meat on them, but I saw some wild carrots and garlic downstream.  They will taste good, and we will eat well."
"And I saw some rosemary near the rabbit den," Avon smiled.  "While you hunt, I will look for wild herbs and bring them back to camp.  I will bring back anything edible."
"Hell, maybe we can use some of the herbs to doctor up the U-Rats.  I am glad we are not relying on spice flavored cardboard for all our meals."

Avon was thrilled when Jeremy suggested they split up to gather or hunt the ingredients for lunch.  The last thing Avon wanted to do was kill another fluffy rabbit.  Sure the meat was tasty but shooting one in the head was not something she enjoyed.   Unfortunately, the wild rosemary was near the rabbit hatch.  Avon was forced to follow Jeremy into the woods.
“Please wait until I leave before you kill them,” Avon begged.  “I will eat them.  I will even help you cook them but please do not make me kill and dress them.”
“Do you remember how to do it?” Jeremy asked, his brows raised.  “I would like to see you shock the shit out of everyone in survival class.  I bet you are going to be at the top of the class.”
“Sounds like you are just looking for another feather in your cap,” Avon sneered.  “Don’t worry, Captain Hanson, I will make you look good.”
“Cut the captain crap,” Jeremy growled.  “For once this is about you, not me.  I want you to be proud of what you have learned, and more importantly, I want to be confident you will survive no matter what.  Your father will not always be there to protect you.  I will not always be there to protect you.”
Avon listened to Jeremy’s words and grinned.  “Be careful, Captain,” Avon giggled.  “I think I just heard the iceberg surrounding your heart crack.”
“Brat,” Jeremy grumbled under his breath.
“I will get the herbs and go,” Avon chuckled.  “I will meet you back at camp.”  Avon cut a large handful of rosemary with her survival knife.  She looked around hoping to find other herbs or vegetables they could use.  Not finding any, Avon quickly left.
Avon circled to the river and walked downstream.  She smiled when she found a large patch of dandelions.  At the edge of the wood line, she saw the flowery tops of the wild garlic.  She used her knife to dig into the warm soil and extracted several bulbs.  She knew the garlic would do wonders to improve the taste of the bland U-Rats.
With the edible goodies in her hands, Avon turned and breathed in the fresh air.  She always found the smell of the soil in the garden relaxing.  She had never shied away from the fragrances found in nature.  The sound of the river relaxed her even more.  Avon made a mental note to return in the spring and plant a small patch of herbs hoping they would multiply and grow wild.  She imagined herself returning to the river and the campsite in the future, the distant future, maybe with her own children.  She envisioned herself teaching them how to fish and live off the land.  Then she shook her head from side to side and laughed aloud.  “Probably not,” Avon stated to no one but herself.
Avon saw Jeremy approaching the river with a dead rabbit in his hand.  She quickly looked away and headed back to camp.  Avon busied herself making a small fire and preparing to cook lunch.  After pulling the frying pan out of the tent, she noticed a large bunch of wild carrots Jeremy had gathered and left near the fire pit.  Avon removed the tops with her knife and then realized she needed to clean the dirt off them.
Avon glanced towards the river and saw Jeremy still field dressing the rabbit.  She remembered the smell of the warm blood from the previous day and fought back the urge to vomit.  Reluctantly Avon headed to the river.  She walked downstream, staying as far away from Jeremy as possible.  Finding a small clearing, she knelt beside the river and washed the thin carrots as quick as she could.

After lunch, Avon returned to the river to clean the frying pan and the other utensils.  She returned the spot she had cleaned the carrots.  Kneeling next to the river, Avon washed each item and then placed it behind her.  As she finished cleaning the last piece, the pan, Avon jumped up.  Just feet away was a snake; a large venomous rattlesnake.
Avon was trapped.  The snake was between her and the campsite; her only way out was the river.  Avon screamed.  She screamed as if she was about to be attacked and she was.  The snake had coiled and was positioned to strike.  Avon could barely hear the rattle of its tail over the pounding of her racing heart.
Avon reached down to her leg to pull her knife out of its sheath.  It was not there.  It was on the ground with the other utensils.  She cursed realizing it was a rookie mistake; a deadly mistake.  Avon stared at the snake, not sure what to do next.  She could see Jeremy out of the corner of her eye, but he was too far away.  Avon backed up.  She could feel the edge of the river bank below the heels of her boots.  She had nowhere to go.
Avon heard the rattle stop.  She knew it was the calm before the storm.  She watched as the snake’s head reared back, about to strike.  She knew the attack would be quick, faster than she would be able to react.  Feeling the frying pan in her hand, Avon slung it at the snake and hurled herself away from the snake to escape.
Avon fought to find the bottom of the river.  However, the water at this spot of the river was deep.  Avon soon realized the water was above her head.  She flailed trying to resurface.
Avon felt Jeremy's hands grasp either side of her waist, pushing her to the surface.  Avon gasped taking in air and river water.  She choked trying to spit it out.
“Quit fighting before you drown both of us,” Jeremy screamed trying to subdue Avon.  Failing, Avon pushed Jeremy below trying to breathe, trying to escape the water by using Jeremy as a human ladder.  Jeremy fought his way to the surface.
“I said stop!” Jeremy screamed and pushed Avon up out of the water and onto the riverbank.
Once Avon was out of the water, Jeremy climbed out as well and sat next to her while she caught her breath, spitting out more of the river.
“Why did you jump into the river?”
“To get away from the snake.”
“But snakes can swim,” Jeremy chuckled.
“Oh shit!!” Avon exclaimed and then started laughing.  Jeremy laughed with her.
“You are deadly with a frying pan,” Jeremy quipped.  “You took half its head off.  It looks like you have killed our dinner.”
“We are eating it?”
“Hell yeah; I just need to finish removing the head and then field dress it.”
“But it is poisonous!”
“As long as we remove about fifteen centimeters of the head and body, we are golden.”
Avon grimaced for the umpteenth time.  “Every day you find a way to gross me out!  Do you do this intentionally?”
Jeremy leaned back on his elbows and laughed.  “I cannot help it if the opportunities just fall into my lap.  How lucky can one guy get?”
Avon stood and then looked down at herself; her boots and clothes soaking wet.  She reached for the wet cloth she was using to clean the pan and utensils and threw it at Jeremy, hitting him square in the face.  “It is your turn to do the dishes.  I am out of here.”
Avon stormed back to the camp.  Jeremy laid back and laughed some more.
Jeremy waited a few minutes before tasking himself to prepare the rattlesnake for dinner.  After removing the head, he buried it and covered the hole with a large rock.  Then he split the snake and removed the innards.  He saved some of them to use as bait for fishing; he buried the remainder.  He cut off the rattle and placed into his pocket as a souvenir.  After removing the skin, he cut four feet of meat into smaller sections for cooking.  Minutes later he was back at the campsite.
“You have got a good arm on you,” Jeremy chuckled.  “We should definitely get in a little sword practice.  Your swing is becoming quite accurate.”
“I already feel like we have been out here forever,” Avon sighed glumly.  “I am not sure I am made for this kind of life.”
“No one is,” Jeremy laughed.  “Well, maybe some people but most of us want a nice roof over our heads and easy access to food and a sanitation stall.  But knowing how to live off the land is a good skill to have; even if it is just for a weekend away from the city with the family.”
“So I should think of this as a vacation?”
“Some people actually have fun camping,” Jeremy chuckled.
Avon tried to laugh.  “Will you let me know when the fun starts?”
“Maybe if you stop thinking of this as training, you would relax and have fun.  I have a gift for you,” Jeremy smiled as he reached into his pocket.  He pulled out the rattle out of his pocket and tossed it to Avon.
Avon jumped as she heard the noise; her mind flashing back to the snake and jumping into the river.  “That is not funny,” Avon screamed.
“If the roles were reversed, would you find it funny?”
Looking at the rattle on the ground, Avon started laughing.  “Seeing you afraid of something?  Yes, I would find it funny.”
“Then lighten up and have a little fun.  You killed a snake with a frying pan, and you threw yourself into a river not knowing how to swim.  Admit it.  It is funny.”
“I could have died,” Avon snapped.  “Twice.”
“Hell, you almost killed me in the river.  Before we leave, you will learn to swim or at least float.  I am not risking my life again preventing you from drowning.  Even an infant can learn to float and not sink.”
Jeremy reached down and picked up the rattle and handed it to Avon.  "Keep it as a souvenir.  A good luck charm, so to speak."  Then he reached into his pocket again.  "Here's a foot from the rabbit you killed.  Hundreds of years ago, a rabbit's foot was looked upon as a talisman, it brought the carrier good luck."
"It was not good luck for the rabbit," Avon sneered.  "How could it be a good luck charm?"
"Both the rabbit and the snake became meals for us and kept us from eating a U-Rat; I would call it good luck."
"It is a perverted sense of luck," Avon quipped.  "But thank you, I think," she added looking at the two mementos.  "I am sure years from now, I will look at them and remember something endearing about this week, but today, not so much."
"Fair enough," Jeremy chuckled.
"I am going to get into some dry clothes," Avon announced as she stood.  Both she and her clothes were still dripping wet from her unexpected jump into the river.  Jeremy was still wet as well.
"I am thinking about going for a swim," Jeremy replied.  "And let my clothes dry.  Care to join me?"
"I would prefer to put on some dry clothes and let these ones dry out."
Jeremy smiled as if he had a secret and then reached for his pack.  Digging to the bottom, he grinned as he pulled out a black garment and held it up for Avon to see.  "Iramy bought you a swimsuit."
"She did what?" Avon screamed.
"She told me you did not know how to swim and we agreed it would be a good time for you to learn.  She bought the suit, and I brought it along on the trip."
"How convenient," Avon replied sarcastically.  "There's nothing like everyone deciding for me where and when I am going to learn to swim."
"Think of it as a good thing," Jeremy suggested.  "It beats learning in front of a bunch of strangers at the Academy."
"They are not strangers," Avon refuted.
"True but would not you like to learn in private?  If nothing else, I can teach you to float.  Even babies can be taught to float.  It could save your life someday."
"Are you calling me a baby?"
Jeremy grinned and rolled his eyes.  "Just change into the suit and come down to the river."
Jeremy grabbed his cutoff sweats and headed towards the river.  He chuckled the entire way.  He knew how much Avon did not want to go into the river or learn to swim.  But he would not force her into the water.  He would not order her to comply.
Avon stared at the suit lying across her leg.  It was a black one piece ICE Academy swimsuit.  While modest in design, Avon was still hesitant to wear it but not as apprehensive as going into the river.  She wondered why Jeremy had not given her the suit sooner; before she had stripped down to her panties and t-shirt and waded into the river.  Then Avon realized had she gone back to camp to change into the suit, she would have never gotten into the water.  She was sure Jeremy thought the same thing.
Avon stared at the suit for nearly fifteen minutes before realizing Jeremy was right.  It would be less embarrassing learning to swim in a more private setting and not surrounded by her classmates.  She had three more years with her fellow cadets.  Jeremy would be on to his next assignment in a little more than three weeks.  Learning to swim now would be less stressful.
Avon stepped behind the tent and stripped.  She quickly donned the suit.  Uncomfortable with how snug and form-fitting the suit was, she pulled her wet t-shirt on over the suit.  Looking towards the river, Avon inhaled and held her breath.  She could feel the urge to hyperventilate quickly sneak up on her.  Holding her breath, Avon was unable to move.  Her feet were frozen to the ground below her.  Exhaling, she did her best to muster up the courage she needed to go forward.  She could feel the tears starting to well in her eyes.  Avon hated how she felt.  She hated the fear coursing through her veins.  She hated knowing Jeremy was probably in the river and laughing at her.
Avon hated moments like this more than anything in the world.  In a social setting as her father's plus one, Avon was confident and could command a room.  But at the Academy, regardless of her military expertise, she was out of her element.  Physically she was not always up to par and right now, emotionally, she was nothing more than the weak, cowardly girl so many had come to resent and ridicule.  Avon wondered why her father had sheltered her and spoiled her while hoping for her to follow in his footsteps and become an ICE officer.  And the worst part he was not there to help her.  Once again, he was millions of miles away on the far side of some galaxy.  Avon resented his absence just as much as she resented being forced to do something she did not want to.
Avon knew she had to soldier up and move forward.  She was quite aware of how it would look if she froze, unable to enter the pool at the Academy.  Once again, it would be evident to everyone she was riding on her father's coattails and stars; and being treated differently due to his status.  Avon wanted nothing more at this moment than to prove them wrong.  However, her desire to just quit the Academy and find herself a husband was second on her list of things to do.  On second thought, maybe it was her first option.
Unable to disappoint her father again, Avon sniffled and wiped away the tears.  She found the strength to calm her breathing and looked towards the clearing next to the river.  However, she was not unable to stop the tears which showed her fear.  Still, she walked towards the river.  Maybe I will just drown, Avon pondered silently.  Then I will not have to learn to swim or make a fool of myself again.
As Avon neared the river, she could see Jeremy lying in the water on his back floating.  He looked so peaceful and relaxed.  Avon tried to understand how he could be so tranquil and content.  Jeremy looked more stress-free than she did while in her lavender-scented tub.  For a moment, Avon was envious.  But envy quickly fleeted only to be replaced by fear.
Reaching the edge of the shore, Avon sat.  She did not have the energy to stand or to enter the river.  She hid her face in her hands, afraid Jeremy would start yelling at her in disappointment or anger.  Avon closed her eyes and tried to block everything out of her mind.  She tried to imagine herself in her happy place.  The more she tried, the more it eluded her.
"You are afraid," Jeremy whispered.  He sounded as if he was sitting next to her.
Avon opened her eyes and was surprised to see him sitting on the shore.  Embarrassed, Avon leaned forward and placed her forehead on her arms which were now folded across her raised knees.
"I remember the fear," Jeremy said softly and in a caring tone.  "I promise I will not let you drown and I will be there the entire time.  If you trust me, I will teach you how to float, nothing more."
Again Avon did not answer.  Jeremy stayed silent.  After a few minutes, Avon rose her head slightly but did not look up or at Jeremy.  "Can babies really swim?"
Jeremy grinned while stifling his laugh.  He did not want to antagonize Avon.  "Yes."
"But why?"
"Why what?"
"Why would you need to teach a baby to swim?"
Jeremy took a deep breath.  He needed to tell her the entire truth, the full story.  He hated admitting how he learned to swim; how he was goaded into the pool.  "I did not know how to swim when I went to the Academy.  After my mother was murdered and I returned to barracks for the summer, I decided to get a head start on the survival course.  I would go to the pool every day, but I could not find the courage to get into the water.  After several days, Major Abbegglen approached me.  Apparently, he had seen me arrive at the pool every day and then leave.  He said to me 'Even babies can be taught to swim.'  He said in such a way to humiliate me.  And he did.  But still, I could not find the balls to go into the water."
Jeremy paused and noticed Avon was looking at him and smiling.  "It was at least a week before I returned to the pool.  But when I did, I was ready.  Abbegglen was right, babies can be taught to swim.  They can even be taught not to drown."
Avon looked at Jeremy perplexed.  "By why?" Avon asked again.
"I did a little research, and I found some ancient videos.  It seemed several centuries ago, a lot of families had swimming pools in their backyards.  It was quite common.  Of course, there were laws about pools being enclosed inside a fence to stop children from falling into the pools and drowning, but it did not always work.  It only took seconds for a toddler to wander to the edge of the pool, fall in and die.  So a technique was developed to teach babies not to drown and how to save themselves."
"You cannot teach a baby not to drown.  That is preposterous."
"No, not really," Jeremy shrugged.  "The course taught the baby or toddler how to move themselves to the surface and then to roll onto their backs, extend their arms and float.  The videos showed the babies just laying on their backs with their arms extended and just acting like they were just sleeping; totally relaxed."
"Why would they need to extend their arms?"
"Lay down on your back," Jeremy instructed.  Avon lay back onto the grass.  "Now roll over."
Avon rolled over, away from Jeremy.  "Now extend your arms perpendicular from your body."  When Avon's arms were extended, Jeremy told her to roll over.  When Avon realized, she could not, Jeremy added, "It keeps you from rolling onto your stomach and drowning."
Avon nodded, acknowledging her understanding.  "The babies would float for a while, then after taking a deep breath would dog paddle to the edge of the pool so they could either climb out or wait to be rescued."
"Dog paddle?  What the hell is that?"
"It is an elementary type of swimming.  It is not very pretty.  It looks like a dog swimming, but it works."
"Dogs cannot swim," Avon rebutted.
"Have you ever seen a dog swim?" Jeremy asked.
"No."
"Well, they can."
"So you are telling me babies, dogs, and apparently snakes are more skilled than I am in the water?"
Jeremy had to look away so Avon would not see him chuckle.  "No.  I am just saying it is not as hard to learn as you think.  If a baby can learn to float, you can too."
"Deep down I know you are right, but it does not make me any less frightened."
"We will stay in the shallow part of the river," Jeremy reassured Avon.  "You sit here, and I will show you how to do it."
Jeremy slid into the water and waded out until the water was slightly more than waist deep.  Facing Avon, he smiled and then looked towards the sky, feeling the sun on his face.  "I love this river.  It is so much better than the pool.  I could lay here and float all day."  Finishing, Jeremy lowered his body into the cool water and then laid back.  With his arms extended and his legs slightly apart he floated.
Avon sat silently and watched him for a few minutes.  "It looks too simple," Avon sighed.  "There's got to be more to it."
"Just keep your back arched and your head above water," Jeremy replied.  "And remember to breathe.  Having air in your lungs helps to keep you afloat."
When Avon did not reply, Jeremy continued to float.  "Except for swimming underwater, swimming on your back is the easiest.  You do not even have to get your face wet."  Jeremy started doing the backstroke, and soon he was halfway across the river.
Stopping, Jeremy started treading water and called out to Avon, "Are you ready?"
With Jeremy nearly forty feet away, Avon stood and slowly walked into the water.  "It is cold," Avon whined.  She stopped when the water reached the bottom of her suit.  She watched as Jeremy slowly swam back towards her.
"If you would like, I will stand beside you and put my hands beneath your back until you are confident you will not sink into the water," Jeremy offered.
Avon glared at Jeremy.  Her expression waffled from disgust to disbelief.  "No.  You cannot touch me."
"Okay," Jeremy grinned and stepped back while holding his hand out in front of him as if surrendering.
Avon took a few more steps and then attempted to imitate what Jeremy had down.  Unable to extend her legs out, she quickly sank to the bottom of the river, her buttocks bouncing off the bottom.  She scrambled to stand but not before getting a mouth full of river water.  Surfacing, Avon coughed, trying to expel the water she had inhaled.  Jeremy could see the panic in her eyes.
"Let me know when you are ready to try again," Jeremy told her.  "And let me help you this time."  
Jeremy's voice was demanding, and Avon hated his tone.  Avon stomped her feet and turned towards dry land.  "Why are you acting like a brat?" Jeremy asked her.  "I am here to help you.  Let me help you."
"Why do you take so much joy in seeing me fail?"
"I do not find any joy in you drowning," Jeremy quickly rebutted.  "I can help, but you refuse my assistance.  This entire summer is about teaching you what you will need for next semester.  This is my job, Avon.  When are you going to let me do my job?"
Avon clenched her jaw.  She was angry.  She was angry that once again she had failed.  She was angry that once again Jeremy had proven she was not up to his standards.  She hated feeling inferior to him.  Not because he was a Captain and she a lowly Cadet, but because she had not been raised to feel second-rate to anyone.
"Come back and let me help," Jeremy insisted by in a more civil tone.  "All I am going to do is hold my arms under you and catch you before your ass hits the bottom of the river again."
"You cannot touch me," Avon repeated.
"Either you let me catch you, or you can inhale a few more gallons of river water.  It is entirely your choice."
Avon took a deep breath.  The thought of sinking to the bottom of the river again and choking on a mouth full of river water had her terrified.  She knew she needed to learn to swim now and not in front of her classmates.  Still, Avon was conflicted.  More so she was scared shitless.  "Ten minutes," Avon replied.  "And then I quit.  I am just not cut out for this."
"Ten minutes," Jeremy nodded in agreement.  "I promise, I will have you doing the backstroke in no time at all."
Avon's eyes went wide.  "I never said anything about swimming."
Jeremy grinned.  "Just kidding."
Avon returned to Jeremy's side.  "I will put my arms below your back and legs," Jeremy assured her.  "Now lay back, take a deep breath and hold it."
As soon as Avon laid back, her arms and legs started flailing.  Then she began to sink.  Jeremy held her up to keep her from sinking.  "Relax," Jeremy commanded.  "Pretend you are in your giant soaking tub."
Avon tried to relax.  "Extend your arms and spread your legs a bit," Jeremy instructed.
Avon's eyes flew open.  "Really?  You are telling me to spread my legs!"
"Avon!" Jeremy grunted.  "I am trying to teach you how to float.  Get your mind out of the gutter.  I would not have sex with you if you were the last woman on Earth."
Now Avon was furious.  She was insulted.  She reached out to push Jeremy away and lost her balance.  Flailing again, her hand raked across Jeremy's jaw, scratching him.  "Damn it, Avon," Jeremy seethed.  "When are you going to get it through your thick skull, this is an assignment, nothing more?"
"You think I am attracted to you?" Avon screamed, now standing.  "Most days I hate your guts.  The others, I merely tolerate you and only because you are my commanding officer.  We might be a team, but we will never be friends."
"As long as you have my back, I'm happy," Jeremy yelled as he watched Avon leave the river and stomp towards the camp.  He knew he needed to calm down as much as she did.  He needed some alone time as much as she did.  Jeremy turned and looked at the far shore.  He needed to get away; far away from Avon.  He dove and headed to it.
It took only minutes to reach the other side.  Treading water, Jeremy contemplated whether to swim back to the General's property or to climb onto the bank and sit.  Jeremy did not know who owned the property on this side of the river or if they would welcome trespassers.  While he would be only a few feet or a butt on the ground, Jeremy was still apprehensive.  The last thing he needed was to be shot.  Looking back towards the camp he wondered if Avon's wrath would be worse.
Jeremy moved as close to the edge of the water as he could.  The water was shallow enough to allow him to sit without being totally submerged.  Sitting, knees raised, he leaned against his legs and stared at the opposite shore.
After calming down, Jeremy closed his eyes to relax even more.  All he could think of was finishing this assignment and getting as far out into the galaxy and as far away from Avon as he could.  He chuckled as he wondered if a tour of duty on a warship would be less stressful.
Jeremy sat for another ten minutes waiting to see if Avon would return to the river.  When she did not, Jeremy took one last cleansing breath and stood.  He knew he needed to go back to camp.
Jeremy had barely taken a few steps when he heard an ominous growl behind him.  He was not sure what species of animal it was, but he knew to put as much distance between it and him quickly.  Without turning, he moved as fast as he could and then dove into the water.
Surfacing, Jeremy could still hear the growling.  He could also hear water splashing behind him.  Something was chasing him.  Not knowing what it was, Jeremy did not know if he was about to be attacked.  But if the tone of the growl was any indication, Jeremy knew he was in danger.
Jeremy swam as hard and as fast as he could.  Between breaths, he screamed out to Avon.  "Help!  Help!"
Avon heard Jeremy's screams.  At first, she thought he was playing a joke, a ploy to get her back to the river.  By the third scream, she realized he was in trouble.  Digging through her pack, she searched for her laser.  Finding it, Avon ran towards the river.
Approaching the river, Avon saw Jeremy swimming frantically towards her.  Behind Jeremy, Avon saw a Tarian Devil; a creature half mutant boar with long feral teeth and half dog-like.  It was an ugly creature, originating from Taria.  Because of their voracious appetite for anything with a heartbeat and aggressive nature, the government had ordered their extermination.  Apparently some or at least one had survived.  And it looked hungry.
"Shoot it!" Jeremy screamed.
Avon stood resolute, completely without fear.  The gruesome jaws and monstrous teeth of the Tarian Devil were just inches from Jeremy.  Avon aimed.  "Dive!" Avon screamed.
Jeremy knew he was in the direct line of sight between the laser and monster chasing him.  He was aware that Avon needed a clear shot.  He inhaled what he hoped would not be his last breath and disappeared below the water's surface.  Avon pulled the trigger.
Jeremy resurfaced.  Avon wondered for a nanosecond if she had shot Jeremy instead of the Tarian Devil.  But when she saw dissected pieces of the creature floating in the river she knew otherwise; the beast was dead.
Jeremy struggled, pulling himself out of the water.  Avon gasped seeing blood on his leg.  "You are hurt!" Avon quavered, shaking tremulously.
"It is just a scratch," Jeremy replied not looking at his leg.  "It got me just as I dived.  Good job killing it.  What was it?"
"It was a Tarian Devil," Avon replied.  "Did it bite you or just scratch you?"
"What the frag is a Tarian Devil?"
"Sorry," Avon chuckled.  "It is the nickname for a Tarian Taroldyte.  Daddy says they reminded him of a cartoon character from the 20th Century, the Tazmanian Devil, so we called them Tarian Devils."
"That creature was a Taroldyte?"
"Yep," Avon replied, looking closer at the deep wound on Jeremy's leg.  "We need to get your cut sanitized and dressed.  Are you able to walk?"
"It is not that bad," Jeremy replied, trying to hide the pain and wiping the blood off his leg.  "I am sure it is just a scratch.  I do not see teeth marks, but it did break the skin.  We are going to need the first aid kit."
"We need to get you back to camp.  I need some water, clean water; nothing with Taroldyte guts in it."
Jeremy laughed.  Despite the pain, it was funny.  Jeremy stood.  "Okay."  Jeremy winced as he put weight on his leg.  "Damn, this hurts," Jeremy snarled.  "Are Taroldtyes venomous?"
Avon shrugged while slowing her pace to match Jeremy's.  His gait was slow as he walked gingerly.  A few minutes later, Jeremy collapsed next to the fire pit and reached for some kindling.
"There's no time for a fire," Avon insisted as she saw Jeremy reach for the firewood.  "I will heat up the water with my laser."
Jeremy smiled as he watched Avon take charge.  She was doing well under pressure.  It did not take long for Avon to clean and dress Jeremy's leg.  "We are eating U-Rats tonight," Avon announced.  "I have killed enough animals for one day."


Chapter 12 - Kill or Be Killed

The next morning Jeremy sat by the fire and watched Avon twirl the tree limb as if it were a sword.  Jeremy had agreed to no PT while camping and he was practically overjoyed to see Avon continuing her sword training.  It would keep her limber while building her strength and agility.  Avon's confidence was increasing as well.  Jeremy knew Avon would need to be comfortable wielding a sword if she were ever in a situation in which she would need to defend herself.
Avon was twirling the tree limb slowly and gracefully.  She was imitating what she had seen Iramy do.  Avon looked relaxed yet focused.  Her mind and body were working together in total synch.
Jeremy watched Avon for several minutes intrigued by her grace and elegance.  The routine was beautiful.  Avon was beautiful.  Jeremy thought back over the last eight weeks and smiled remembering the girl he first met and the woman he was now watching.  So much had changed.  Avon had changed.  While painful to admit, he had changed, and Avon was the reason the change.  While he had been pushing her physically, Avon had found a way to remind him he did have a heart.  He was not just a cold, calloused and emotionless soldier.
Jeremy stood.  Putting weight on his injured leg, he winced.  While the pain was not extreme, he had forgotten about it.  And without a regenerator, the wound would have to heal on its own.  Jeremy reached down, quickly checked the dressing and then walked towards Avon.
"Care to spar?" Jeremy called out as he approached.
"How is your leg?" Avon asked, noticing Jeremy favoring his injured leg.
"It is fine," Jeremy replied.  "The glue is holding it closed and there is no new bleeding.  It feels good to move around.  I am bored."
"Only if you are sure," Avon agreed with a tone of apprehension.  "But if you reinjure your leg, we stop."
"Agreed," Jeremy nodded as he picked up the second faux sword.
"I want to work on my swing," Avon suggested.  "I need to work on swinging hard."
Jeremy chuckled.  "Like when you need to disarm someone or when beheading your enemy?"
"I am sure I will never need to decapitate anyone, so we will practice disarming."
Jeremy nodded again.  "So I will just stand here, and you try to knock the stick out of my hands."
Jeremy took his stance, holding the tree limb firmly in both hands.  Avon twirled her entire body around and hit Jeremy's sword as hard as she could.  Jeremy's arms and sword moved, but Jeremy had successfully held onto it.  "Try again," he instructed.
After several futile attempts, Avon began to admit defeat.  "Do not give up," Jeremy urged.  "Pretend you are playing stickball.  You have to follow through on your swing."
"What the hell is stickball?" Avon shrugged.  Her tone clearly showed her exasperation.
"You have never played stickball?" Jeremy asked, now amused.
"I am guessing that is a rhetorical question seeing as I do not even know what it is?"
"Oh, princess," Jeremy smiled.  "You have led quite a sheltered life.  Maybe it is because you are a girl."
"I am not a princess!" Avon screamed.  "And in case you have not noticed, I am a woman, not a girl!"
"But you swing like a girl," Jeremy laughed.  "I think we need to eat breakfast and then spend the morning teaching you a game played in the streets of the slums.  Have you ever played stadium ball?"
"I have seen my daddy play it in a halo suite."
"Well, in the slums we did not have access to halo suites or simulators, and we certainly did not have sports parks.  We had to make do with what we had.  We played a game similar to the ancient game of stickball.  But we used old broomsticks or whatever piece of wood or pipe we could find and stones.  We did not have a bouncy ball."
"It sounds dangerous," Avon grimaced.
"A little but it was still fun," Jeremy chuckled.  "Getting hit with a two-inch rock can hurt like hell.  I undoubtedly received my share of bruises and knots on the head while growing up."
"So I gather you are going to teach me how to play stickball?"
"I just need to teach you how to swing and hit the rock.  The follow through is the most important thing.  You cannot just make contact, you have to continue the swing if you are going to disarm your opponent.  It is just as important when attacking.  You have to inflict as much damage as possible.  Kill or be killed."
"So this is about me defending myself?"
"Being graceful like Iramy will not keep you alive," Jeremy stated his tone grave and stern.  "I am sure Iramy learned how to defend herself first."
Avon took a deep breath.  She knew Jeremy was accurate in his assessment.  While she just wanted to have fun, once again Jeremy was eliminating her fun and replacing it with another life or death lesson.  Everything Jeremy did, everything he was teaching her was about being a soldier, a super soldier, like him.
Avon did not care about learning how to kill someone.  All she wanted to do was knock the fake sword out of Jeremy's hands.  She smiled inwardly just thinking about how good it would make her feel when she did.  She smiled bigger at the thought that he would be teaching her how to do it.
Jeremy scouted the river bed until he found several round stones perfect for stickball.  He slipped them into his pocket and walked back to Avon.  Picking the tree limb up and plucking a rock from his pocket, he smiled.  "Normally you would toss the stone up into the air and hit it like this," Jeremy demonstrated, the rock landing in the river.  "But I need you to learn to swing with both hands.  Later you can work on a one-armed swing."
Jeremy placed both hands on the faux sword and took a stance as if a stone or ball was about to be pitched to him.  "Start with the sword up and behind your shoulder and swing.  But do not stop once you hit the stone; keep going."  Jeremy took several swings to demonstrate.  "Your turn," Jeremy offered as he genuflected.
Avon tried to emulate Jeremy.  She failed.  "Keep your sword level with your shoulders.  You are swinging towards the ground."  Jeremy moved closer to Avon to adjust her grip and stance.
"You cannot touch me," Avon sneered.  Jeremy shook his head from side to side and backed away in defeat.  Avon tried again; her swing stopping mid-torso.  
"Let the sword continue.  Do not stop mid-swing.  Turn at the waist.  Get your shoulders and back behind the swing."
Avon took several more swings; each one better than the last.  "Now let's play ball," Jeremy laughed.  Jeremy stepped back and pulled another stone out of his pocket.  "Let's see if you can hit the rock," Jeremy chuckled.  "Just keep your eye on the rock and hit it."
Jeremy pitched the first stone, a slow underhanded pitch.  Avon swung and missed.  She swung again and missed again.  After missing the third stone, Jeremy could see Avon's angst increase.  "Just relax and watch the rock; connect with the rock."
"I am watching the rock," Avon snarled.
"Try again."
Avon was angry.  She swung as hard as she could.  The faux bat nicked the rock, and it bounced up and hit her on her forehead.  "Ouch!"
Jeremy fought not to laugh.  But he did not fight long.  "Now you are officially a stickball player."
"That hurt," Avon snarled again, reaching up to check for blood and to rub the small knot.
"Yes it does," Jeremy agreed.  "Now try again.  But this time, control your swing.  Hard is not better."
Avon took a deep breath and tried to control her anger.  Finally, she nodded.  Jeremy pitched again.  Avon watched the rock; she watched it like it was a mosquito about to attack.  She swung.  The bat connected with the stone.  The sound of the wood hitting the rock surprised both Avon and Jeremy.  Avon's eyes went wide.  Jeremy's eyes went wider as the rock hit him on his forehead.  "Damn it!" Jeremy screamed.
Now it was Avon's turn to laugh.  "It hurts, doesn't it?"
"You did that on purpose!"
Avon laughed even harder.  "Yeah, right, like I have been playing this game all my life.  I cannot help it if the first time I hit the rock, it hits you.  You should have ducked."
"I was too busy watching the look on your face when you actually hit the rock.  It was priceless."
"Sounds like getting hit in the head was your fault.  You should have ducked."
Jeremy opened his mouth to refute Avon's statement but stopped.  He knew how dangerous stickball could be.  He should have been on guard for Avon hitting the rock.  He should have ducked.
"No more rocks," Jeremy announced.  "Let's just go back to disarming.  We are about out of first aid supplies.  But your swing is much better.  Try knocking my sword out of my hand," Jeremy suggested.  "Just try not to hit me in the face.  One knock on the head is enough for one day."
"I cannot make any promises," Avon chuckled, a mischievous grin on her face.
"I think you have already exacted revenge," Jeremy reminded her as he rubbed the small knot on his forehead.  "I am glad there was not any blood.  I really do not believe the saying that women like scars."
"Not really," Avon confirmed.  "But the stories behind them can be good."
"Yeah, just what I need, a story about getting scarred by a rock playing stickball.  That is sexy."
Avon was taken aback by Jeremy's proclamation.  "You are worried about being sexy?"
"Maybe in about ten years," Jeremy laughed.  "I still need to get a couple of promotions under my belt.  I do not need to leave my wife a widow or have my children grow up without a father."
"So you do want a family."
Jeremy paused before answering, and then he nodded.  "Yes.  After spending the past two months with you and Iramy, in a house, yes I would like to have a family.  I just want to be able to balance my career with ICE without sacrificing my home life.  I do not know how your father has done it for so many years."
"I am sure it has been difficult.  There have been times when he has been gone for months at a time, but he tries to stay in contact.  He tries to stay involved in my life."
"But you have wished things were different?"
"At times, yes, but my father has made sure I had Iramy and other good people around me.  I had a good education and a comfortable home.  I just wish I had more friends, more people I was close to."
"But you know everyone of influence."
"True, but are they, my friends?"
Jeremy did not reply.  He understood.  "It has been a long time since I had a best friend.  I have only had one in my life.  But I knew he would do anything for me.  Everyone should have someone like that in their life."
"Maybe someday," Avon sighed sadly.
"Maybe today," Jeremy suggested.  "I know our relationship is supposed to be one of trainer and trainee..."
"Don't you mean Captain and Cadet?"
"Yes, you are a Cadet, and I am a Captain, but when this assignment is over, I would like us to be friends.  Will you be my friend?"
Avon giggled.  "I guess we have to start somewhere."
"So next month, we will become friends.  In the meantime, we train."  Jeremy adjusted his stance and smiled.  "Hit me with your best shot."
Avon approached.  She stared Jeremy in the eye and swung.  She swung as hard as she could.  Jeremy held on as tightly as he could.  Both were determined.  Jeremy grunted as Avon's faux sword hit his.  Jeremy could feel the reverberation all the way up his arms.  He could hear the crack of his sword as Avon continued her swing, causing his sword to break.  Jeremy jumped back as the top half of the limb toppled towards him.
"Are you trying to kill me," Jeremy screamed.
Avon had felt the resonance of the wood rebounding up her arms and the sting in her palms as the two limbs collided.  "Wow!  I cannot even imagine what real swords would feel like; metal on metal."
"I am sure it would be much louder," Jeremy suggested.  "And they would not have been any bounce back.  Fighting with real swords is going to be interesting."
"Maybe Iramy will let us use the real ones when we get home."
"Maybe."

Avon and Jeremy finished the last two days of the camping trip practicing with the swords and living off the land.  Jeremy took pity on Avon and did all the hunting and skinning of the animals shot or ensnared.  Avon had learned enough to successfully endure the survival course.  Avon gathered wild herbs and vegetables.  Between what Avon and Jeremy gleaned off the land and their U-Rats, they ate well.
Between meals, Avon practiced with the faux sword.  "Iramy's routine is a bit like the ancient form of Tai Chi," Jeremy mused.
"I would like mine to be more like a dance and acrobatic," Avon announced.  "Somersaults and the like."
"So you want to do a cart-wheel and still hold a sword?"
"In a fight, kicking someone in the jaw with my feet might come in handy," Avon chucked.  "Still, it will be pretty.  I want to look like Iramy when I fight."
"Those are big shoes to fill."
Avon shrugged.  "I know." 


Chapter 13 - Honor-Bound

"Just one more mile," Jeremy urged, trying to encourage to Avon.  "Then we can both clean up and get into some clean clothes.  I would like to finish healing my leg.  It is still a bit tender."
"I want some real food and a long soak in the tub.  I think every muscle in my body is screaming in protest," Avon groaned as she pushed forward, each step heavier than the last.  "I have dirt in places I did not know existed," Avon added with a chuckle.
"But do you feel stronger?  More confident?"
"I guess in a way I do," Avon smiled slightly proud of herself.  Then she frowned.  "I just wish Daddy was going to be here tomorrow for my birthday."
"I forgot about that," Jeremy replied solemnly.  "Do you usually have a big celebration?"
"Sometimes but usually it is just me and Daddy and Iramy, of course.  Iramy makes the best birthday cakes."  Avon was smiling again.
"I know Iramy is great in the kitchen, but I did not know she bakes.  You mean your cakes aren't from one of the bakeries in the city?"
"No, Iramy has made every birthday cake, and they are soooooo good.  She replicates the ingredients and then makes it from scratch.  You have never tasted anything like it."
"I sure I haven't, but then I have never had a birthday cake," Jeremy sighed sadly.
Avon looked at Jeremy surprised.  "Never?"  Jeremy only nodded with his lips pursed.
"I am sorry Jeremy, really I am," Avon stated sincerely.  "When is your birthday?  Maybe Iramy will make one for you."
"Next month, right before I go back to my real job with ICE."
Avon ignored Jeremy's slight and remember her position as the ultimate hostess.  "Then I will make sure Iramy makes you a cake for your birthday.  It will be special, just for you.  We will have a party and make it a special day.  My cake will be chocolate with white icing and lots of colorful roses and flowers.  Iramy is really talented.  She could make a lot of credits if she opened her own bakery, but she does not want to.  She refuses to leave us; Daddy and me."
"You are lucky to have her," Jeremy agreed.  "She cares about you a lot.  Even I can see it.  Iramy loves you like you are her family."
Avon pondered Jeremy's statement for a moment.  "In a way, we are family.  I guess I never realized how lucky I am to have her in my life.  Iramy has always taken care of me, spoiled me, and loved me.  Growing up I sometimes wished she was my mother."
Jeremy felt a tear pooling in his eye.  He had been raised by his mother, without a father.  Avon had been raised by her father, without a mother.  In that aspect, they were alike.  Still, where they grew up was so much different.  Avon had been raised with wealth and privilege.  He had grown up poorer than poor.  Jeremy just could not shake the chip on his shoulder.  He had worked hard for everything he had.  Avon just took everything for granted, assuming she would always have everything she wanted, not just what she needed.
"I can see the mansion," Jeremy announced in a hushed tone to disguise his angst.  "We are almost there."
Avon looked forward and saw the home she had been raised in.  For the first time in her life, she appreciated what she had.  "Let's pick up the pace," Avon laughed.  "I have a sanitation stall and a hot tub of water scented with lavender calling my name.  All I want to do is get clean and soak away some of this pain.  And tonight we get to sleep in a real bed and not on the ground."
Jeremy nearly laughed as Avon started walking faster.  Jeremy hoisted the pack up on his shoulders and kept up with her.  Soon they were nearing the front door.  Seeing the door open, Jeremy pushed Avon behind him.
"Something is not right," Jeremy whispered.  "Why would the door be open?"
"Maybe Iramy saw us coming?" Avon mused trying to see past Jeremy.
Jeremy moved slowly towards the open door.  Peering in, he quickly realized everything was wrong.  The foyer clearly showed signs of a home evasion.  Furniture was broken, and freshly cut flowers were strewn everywhere.  "Stay back," Jeremy whispered as he lowered his pack.  Reaching inside, Jeremy pulled out his laser.
"I am not staying out here by myself," Avon refuted.  "I am going with you."
Jeremy was surprised by Avon's declaration and unexpected surge of bravery.  While Jeremy was afraid of the unknown dangers inside the mansion, he smiled.  Avon was becoming a soldier.  Jeremy waited while Avon dug through her pack and found her laser.  Entering the foyer, Avon and Jeremy could see the home had been thoroughly ransacked.  Furniture was broken, overturned.  Broken glass was everywhere.
Avon started crying.  "Iramy?" Avon whispered.  "Where is Iramy?"
"I do not hear anything," Jeremy whispered.  "We will search the bottom floor and make sure no one is here and then we will go upstairs."
Room by room, Avon, and Jeremy searched, finding more and more destruction.  But they did not find Iramy.  They were relieved they had not found an intruder.  Still, they both feared the worst.
Returning to the foyer, Jeremy pointed to a trail of blood which started on the stairs.  Both nearly stopped breathing.  Someone had been hurt.  Avon could barely hold back her tears.  She paused for a moment as she dug deep to find the nerve to ascend the stairs.  She took a deep breath to steady her hands which were now shaking.  Avon nodded silently to indicate she was ready.
Slowly and quietly, Jeremy and Avon climbed the stairs to the second floor.  Every door to every room was open.  Each room was destroyed much like the one before it.  Together they followed the blood down the hall.  With each step, the amount of blood increased.  It quickly became evident whoever had been injured had been wounded severely.  Jeremy's fears grew with each step.  Avon could barely breathe.  
Approaching Avon's room, Jeremy could hear soft tears, sobbing.  He peeked into the chamber.  In the middle of the room, he saw Iramy, sitting on the floor with her arms wrapped around her knees.  Iramy was covered in blood.  There was more blood all around the room.  Jeremy rushed to Iramy and quickly kneeled beside her.
Jeremy had never seen Iramy looking so weak and vulnerable.  She was a strong woman, adept with weapons, a fighter.  "I was outside in the garden collecting flowers.  I wanted lots of fresh flowers to welcome you both home," Iramy explained seeing the confused look on Jeremy's face.  "They caught me off guard.  I had nothing to protect myself with but a pair of scissors I had in my basket.  I tried to fight, but there were two of them, and they were big, huge.  I managed to stab one of them in the leg.  I aimed for the femoral artery, but I missed.  Still, there was a lot of blood."
Jeremy looked at the wet blood-soaked carpet.  He was relieved to know most of it was not Iramy's blood.  Iramy's face showed she had repeatedly been hit.  Blood had dried around her eyes, her nose, and her mouth.  Iramy's face was bruised.  Her arms were bruised.  Her clothing was torn and covered in blood.  She was covered in blood.  Jeremy could only think the worst; Iramy had not only been attacked but raped.
Avon moved towards Iramy, to comfort her.  Jeremy pushed Avon away.  "Go get the medical kit.  And some water."
"But..." Avon started.
"Go.  Now," Jeremy insisted.  He needed a few minutes alone with Iramy.  He did not want Avon to hear the delicate conversation he needed to have with Iramy.  "Go!" Jeremy repeated.
Once Avon left her room, Jeremy sat on the floor next to Iramy and pulled her into his arms.  "Are you okay?" he asked.  Iramy nodded yes.  "Were you raped?"
Iramy said nothing for a moment.  "No," Iramy finally whispered.  "They were looking for Avon.  When I told them she was not here, and I did not know where she was, they beat the crap out of me, and then they tore the place apart looking for her.  I am so glad Avon was not here.  They would have killed her."
"Who were they?"
"Zarcon assassins," Iramy revealed.  "They came to kill Avon."
Avon had entered the room just has Iramy uttered the last words.  "What?"
"We will talk later," Jeremy demanded, taking control.  "First, we heal Iramy, and then we sort this out."
Every time Avon tried to ask a question, Jeremy quickly shushed her.  Avon's impatience was quickly increasing.  She wanted to know why the assassins wanted her dead.  Why were the Zarcons hunting her?  Was this about her father?  What had he done to anger the Zarcon Empire?  Avon tried to think of every story her father had told her about his travels, his battles, his adventures.  Nothing came to her.  Avon was clueless.
It took nearly an hour to heal all Iramy's injuries.  There were more bruises on her ribs and back.  It was evident the assassins had used Iramy like a soccer ball.  Even her legs were bruised and cut.
Once Iramy's injuries have been fully healed, Jeremy took a few seconds to heal the Taroldyte scratch on his leg.  Then he escorted Iramy to her room.  "Find some clothes and clean up.  Meet Avon and me in the kitchen.  I think we need to talk.  I need you to tell us everything.  If Avon is in danger, we have to protect her.  I have to protect her.  Apparently, it is my job to keep her alive whether I like it or not."
"Thank you," Iramy replied.  "I know you do not think much of Avon, but it is not her fault.  Her father and I raised her.  It is our fault.  We just wanted her to have the best life possible.  But I am begging you, for me, for her father, please protect her."
Jeremy took a deep breath and set his shoulders back tightly.  This was not what he signed up for.  This was supposed to be a summer of physical training so Avon could pass her evals.
"Does General Zadoorian know?" Jeremy asked succinctly.
"I have contacted him, but he will not be back for another week, maybe longer.  And we need to keep this under wraps.  You will understand in a few minutes why we cannot solicit help.  No one can know what happened today.  No one."
Jeremy knew instantly he was now in the middle of a conspiracy.  Jeremy looked at Iramy, his eyes angry and feral.  "I did not sign up for this," Jeremy muttered, wondering just how deep in shit he was.
"Promise me, Captain Hanson," Iramy begged, hoping to reach his sense of duty.  "Please, Jeremy."
Jeremy's jaw became tighter.  "I promise," Jeremy seethed through his clenched teeth.  He felt trapped.  However, Jeremy knew he could not just step away and allow assassins to kill Avon.  Even though he had no feelings for Avon, it would be unconscionable to allow the assassins to murder Avon in cold blood.  Jeremy was honor-bound to protect her.
Jeremy turned on his heel and left the room.  "Let's go to the kitchen," Jeremy told Avon, who was standing in the hall.

Fifteen minutes later Iramy entered the kitchen.  She found Jeremy and Avon cleaning up the broken dishes and trying to return at least one room to normal.  "Thank you for my cake," Avon stated sincerely as she glanced at the smashed and broken cake sitting on the counter.  "It was beautiful."
Iramy tried to smile.  While her injuries had been healed, she was still tired and weak.  She sat in one of the stools at the kitchen island.  Iramy looked at Avon and then at Jeremy.  She knew she had a tough conversation ahead of her.  Today was the day she had hoped would never come.  It was the nightmare which had haunted her for nearly twenty years; nineteen years and three hundred and sixty-four days to be exact.
Still, Iramy could not open her mouth to speak.  She did not know where to start.  Instead, she stared at Avon.  Finally, Avon asked the question which would reveal all the secrets Iramy and General Zadoorian had kept concealed all of Avon's life.
Avon could barely utter the question.  It was a question she never thought would cross her lips.  "Why did the Zarcon assassins come here to kill me?"


Chapter 14 - Who Am I?

"You are the heir to the Zarcon throne.  Your Uncle wants you dead," Iramy replied with all the strength and calm she could muster.
Avon’s eyes narrowed.  "But I am human."
"No," Iramy refuted.  "You are part Zarcon and part human."
"But my father..." Avon started and then went silent.  Suddenly Avon did not know who she was, what she was.  Fear began to take over as she realized she did not know who her father was.  It did not take long for Avon to understand every question about her mother, her ancestry was about to be revealed.  Avon held out her arm and gazed at her brown, olive skin.  She has always imagined her mother to be a dark-skinned exotic beauty.  Everything suddenly made sense.  Still, learning the truth frightened her.
"Jax Zadoorian is not your father," Iramy confirmed, answering Avon's unasked question.  Iramy could see the hurt and pain in Avon's eyes.  "But he loves you just as much as any father would love a daughter.  You are his whole world."
Jeremy sat speechless, looking back and forth from Iramy to Avon, totally confused.
"And my parents, my real parents?" Avon asked, fearful of the answer.
"Dead," Iramy nodded.  "Both dead."
Iramy reached out and took both of Avon's hands.  "It is time for the truth; the whole truth.  Jax and I had hoped to spare you from this, but it is time you knew everything."
Tears were already streaming down Avon's face.  She took a deep breath to steady herself.  "Who am I?" Avon asked, barely able to utter the words.
"You are Princess Avon Zarcan," Iramy blurted out.  "Your mother was my twin sister.  You are my niece.”
Avon could feel herself floating further into a black hole far out in the galaxy.  She was confused.  She felt betrayed, but most of all she could feel herself becoming angry.
"Let me tell you the whole story, and maybe then you will begin to understand," Iramy implored.  "Your grandfather was Zajzon Zarcan, the Zarcon Emperor.  Your grandmother was human.  They were my parents.  Your mother, my twin sister, was Asenath.  My real name is Alia."
"But you are human," Avon disputed.
Iramy chuckled.  "Part human, yes.  And a little cosmetic surgery goes a long way.  But that is another story for another time.  Let’s get back to your story."  Iramy took another deep breath and continued.  "Your mother fell in love with a human who was on assignment to Zarcon.  He was one of General Zadoorian's men.  Jax was a Captain at the time, and your father was a lieutenant.  Asenath and your father, your biological father, were so much in love.  Of course, my father was against it.  Asenath was next in line to the throne, and she was expected to marry a full-blooded Zarcon and have Zarcon children.  But she became pregnant with you.
"She hid her pregnancy as long as she could.  She and your father were trying to find a way to get her off of Zarcon so they could be together.  But my father found out."
"My father, what was his name?" Avon asked through her tears.
"Kane Sandor," Iramy replied.
Avon repeated the name as if to make it real.
"That name is familiar," Jeremy muttered.
"It may be," Iramy nodded as if answering Jeremy's unasked question.  "Asenath was about seven months pregnant when my father discovered the secret.  Kane had snuck into her chambers, and my father found them together.  Two of his royal guards held Kane while my father and my brother literally tore you out of your mother's stomach.  They made your father watch.  They tossed you aside like you were yesterday's trash, to die."
Iramy could see Avon's tears becoming more torrential.  Iramy was fighting back her own tears reliving the fateful day.  "With everything going on, I picked you up and ran.  I ran to Captain Zadoorian.  He hid both of us on his ship.  He went to my father in hopes of saving your father, but he was too late.  Your mother was laying on her bed her abdomen wide open and covered in blood, dead.  Your father was lying on the cold floor, also dead.  Captain Zadoorian went back to his ship, knowing there was nothing more he could do.
"He started making plans to get us off the planet, to hide us, to protect us.  But not before more people died.  My father tried to stop the ship from leaving.  There was a fight, and a few of the ICE soldiers died."  Iramy stopped and looked at Jeremy.  "One of the men killed was Kane's best friend, Jarred Hanson, Jeremy's father."
"But my father died in battle," Jeremy refuted.
"Yes, in a battle to save Avon and me from a brutal death at the hands of my father," Iramy explained.  "Jarred killed my uncle during the fight; my father's brother.  It put a target on your head and your mother's head.  You were too young to remember, but the assassins came after the two of you.  The Zarcons wanted you, and your mother dead in retribution.  Your mother made the decision to go into hiding in the slums.  Millions of people live in the slums; you became just another slum rat."
"So my life could have been different?" Jeremy questioned.
"Your father's death benefits lasted for a while, but your mother had to keep up the deception.  She had to protect you.  Jax knew where you were, but he could not help without exposing Avon.  But he made sure you were accepted into the Academy.  He vowed to watch over you the only way he could.  He knew once Avon became of age, you became of age, both of you would be in danger."
"So that is why Daddy wanted me to join ICE?"
"Yes sweetie, so you would learn to fight and be able to take care of yourself.  It is why he has pushed you so hard to excel physically."
"I just thought he wanted a son."
"No.  Jax wanted to know you could defend yourself; be a fighter, a soldier."
"But how have I passed as a human all these years?"
"Haven't you noticed your doctor is Dr. Booth?  He knows your secret.  He was on Zarcon when you were born.  He took care of you and made sure you lived.  You were born too early, but he kept you alive.  And then he faked your medical records, your DNA, everything to keep you safe.  He has done it all your life."
Iramy turned to Jeremy.  "Jax also made sure Jeremy was accepted to flight school.  He knew someday this might happen.  He made sure the two of you would be together."
"So everything has been a ruse?" Jeremy asked.  He was becoming angry as well.
"You would have made it on your own," Iramy chuckled.  "You are smart, and you have your father's reflexes.  Jarred was a great pilot too.  You have earned everything on your own.  Jax just watched out for you and made sure you got what you deserved.  Be assured, you did it on your own.  Your course would have remained the same with or without Jax's help."
"So why does my uncle want me dead?" Avon asked.
"If you are dead, he is next in line to the throne," Iramy explained.  "The line of succession was your mother, then her children.  I would have been next, but they believe me to be dead.  With your mother and you out of the picture, my brother Angar would take the throne."
"So why don't you claim the throne?"
"I do not want it.  I cannot, I will not go back there.  My life is here with you and the General."
"But if they knew I was alive, why didn't they come after me before?"
"There was no need as long as my father was alive," Iramy began.  "But apparently he is dead, and my brother has to ensure there are no living heirs before assuming his place on the throne.  Angar will need to return to Zarcon with your head on a pike to proof his position as emperor."
"So what do we do?" Jeremy asked, realizing the danger was real, not perceived.
"We protect Avon," Iramy replied.
"And where do we go?" Avon asked.
"There's a big galaxy out there," Jeremy replied.  "I guess it is time to put my flying skills to the test."
Iramy nodded in agreement.  "I will pack you both a few things; some clothes, weapons, and your music box."
"Why the music box?"
"It is your lineage," Iramy explained.  "It contains your history.  There is a hidden compartment with two rings.  One was your mother’s, the other one is mine.  They, along with the music box, prove who you are.  You are never to lose it.  There may be a time you will be able to go back to Zarcon and become its queen.  But now is not the time.  Zarcon was a horrible place under my father's rule, and it will continue to be that way with my brother as Emperor.  But someday I hope you or your children will be able to go back and make Zarcon a better place."
"We should get going," Jeremy stated protectively to Avon.  "The Zarcon assassins could come back."
"Wear civilian clothes.  Cargo pants are okay," Iramy suggested.  "I have a map to a ship you can use to leave the planet.  It is on a deserted airstrip near the coast.  I will try to reach out to the rebels and have someone waiting to help you.  If not, you are on your own.  Jax and I planned for this day, just in case.  Come, Avon, we need to change your appearance a little."
Iramy pulled Avon into her quarters while Jeremy headed for his.  "I am going to cut your hair and change the color.  Your pale blonde hair is a dead giveaway.  It is the same color as your mother's."
"But your hair is red.  I thought you were twins."
"I keep my hair red.  My natural color is the same as yours.  My mother's hair was blonde as well.  Since your complexion is darker, we can get away with black hair.  I am going to cut it short.  It will be easier, in the long run."
Avon started crying again.  Her life was changing so quickly.  The truth was out.  Her father was not her father.  She really was a Princess.  And now there was a bounty on her head.  To stay alive, Avon would have to become someone else.  She was not even sure who the woman staring back at her in the mirror was.  She watched as Iramy raised the scissors and cut the first handful of hair.  Avon nearly fainted as her breathing stopped.
Avon needed to distract herself from the sound of the scissors cutting away at her long locks.  "How did you change your appearance?"
"How or when?" Iramy asked.
"Both."
"As soon as Dr. Booth was confident you would survive, he started changing my appearance.  Little by little I became human.  My ears were reshaped, my skin bleached, freckles tattooed on my face and décolletage.  My feet were reshaped and the webs removed.  The biggest transformation was the removal of my tail."
"You had a tail?"
"Not a full tail like a full-blooded Zarcon, but a stub on my tailbone.  It was always an embarrassment to my father.  I did not have a full tail like Angar or Asenath.  I was so happy when it was gone.  I hated that thing."
"Did it hurt?" Avon asked, now curious.
"We did not have the medical technology then as we do today," Iramy frowned recalling the pain.  "But I do not regret it.  Not for one moment.  I was able to stay with you, love you, and watch you grow up.  I would do it all again as long as I could be with you."
Avon watched in the mirror as Iramy's tears flowed freely, unabashed.  "Was I changed?"
"There were a couple of small alterations; just your ears and your feet.  You only had a little bump where a tail could be, and Dr. Booth was able to easily remove it.  You were too young to know what color your hair or skin would be.  By the time you were old enough to change it, we, your father and I did not have the heart to do it.  We loved you just the way you were.  You were beautiful.  You will always be beautiful."
It took only minutes for her long pale blonde hair to disappear from Avon's head.  Moments later she was in the sanitizer stall.  Exiting she stared again at the woman in the mirror with short black hair.
Iramy reached out to Avon.  "It is time to go.  Jeremy is waiting.  I have repacked your rucksack.  And I have added a few things.  There are fake documents for both of you and some credits for your journey.  Each card is under a different name.  Try not to leave a trail of breadcrumbs to be followed."
Jeremy entered the room just as Iramy pulled Avon into an embrace.  "I love you, Avon."
"Will I ever see you again?" Avon asked, hugging Iramy tight, afraid to let go.
"I hope so," Iramy replied.  "Maybe someday we can go back to Zarcon together.  But for now, you need to go."
Iramy turned to Jeremy.  "Take care of my niece.  There is a list of people who may be able to help you along the way.  But remember, trust no one, not even your friends.  Even good people have been known to turn against their friends for the right price."
Jeremy grabbed Avon by the hand.  "Let's go.  We have a long way to the ship, and we are going to have to do it on foot.  We have to remain untraceable."
"Then where do we go?"
Jeremy tried to smile as he shrugged.  "The galaxy awaits us, Princess."


Epilogue

Spaceship Emissary
Captain's Personal Log - July 23, 2331

I still see the carnage as I close my eyes in a vain attempt to sleep.  I will never be able to erase today from my memory.  Paradoxically, it is a day I will need to remember to protect the unauthorized passengers hidden away from the majority of my crew.
We lost four good soldiers today before hastily leaving the planet of Zarcon.  I was horrified when Alia showed up, covered in blood and holding a small baby in her arms; a baby barely viable.  I could see she had been born violently.  I could not turn them away.  I could not be like the monster which had placed the two of them at my threshold.
Several members of my crew and I rushed to Asenath's chambers only to find Asenath and Lieutenant Kane Sandor brutally slaughtered.  Asenath had been slashed open, and her baby ripped from her body.  Her death had been brutal but swift.  She had quickly bled out and certainly died within minutes.  Asenath's lover, Lieutenant Sandor was found feet from her bed on the cold concrete floor, decapitated.  Asenath's father, Zajzon Zarcan and her younger brother Angar were responsible for their deaths.  
We were ending our eight-month tour of the Solarian and Zarog galaxies, Zarcon the last stop before returning to Earth.  We were scheduled to leave in two days for Earth.  I had already agreed to smuggle Asenath onto my ship and take her to Earth with us.  It was a dangerous plan, but I knew once her father discovered the pregnancy, the likelihood of her murder was imminent.  Unfortunately, he found out too soon.  Someone must have betrayed us.
Now Alia and Asenath's baby are fighting for survival; fugitives from Zarcon.  Booth was able to save the tiny baby, barely seven months in her loving mother's womb.  Her wounds were deep, her lungs not yet entirely formed.  Booth worked non-stop until the child was viable and on her way to a long healthy life; her fate not yet determined.  
Our departure from the Zarcon was met with resistance.  The battle was swift, and we lost three more of our crew; one of our best pilots Jarred Hanson, a young soldier Lt. Akeem Cahill and a young medic Milla Kronopolis.  We had gone to Asenath's quarters in hopes of saving her and Kane.  They were killed just outside our ship.  We were so close to safety but not close enough.
My biggest loss was Jarred Hanson, one of my closest friends and my personal pilot.  I will miss him dearly.  The most difficult task ahead of me is telling his young wife and son of his death.  His death was honorable and in battle, but it will not give his family any solace.  Our mission was one of peace and goodwill, not one of war or domination.
I know as soldiers, my brethren and I took an oath to defend our planet.  Yet we hold hope we will never have to face battle; to kill.  I saw death today on a visceral level.  I saw pure savagery.  I thought myself a humanitarian, not a killer.  Seeing death and taking a life, I take pause.  Is this the life I want?

####

Thank you for reading Raising Avon.  
Avon and Jeremy's adventure continues in:

Shielding Avon (The Battle for Zarcon Saga - Book 2)

Captain Jeremy Hanson has fallen into the duty of protecting Cadet Avon Zadoorian, and she is being hunted by two Zarcon assassins.  Avon is the heir to the Zarcon throne.  Her entire life has been a lie.  She had been torn from her mother's stomach and discarded like trash.  Her parents killed just minutes later.  Her aunt fled with her to the ship of the now General Jax Zadoorian, who helped the two refugees escape to Earth.  There, the General raised Avon as his daughter and her mother's twin sister pretended to be the hired help.  Avon's Emperor Grandfather is dead, and her uncle needs to present Avon's head on a pike to assume the throne of Zarcon.  Avon and Jeremy are on the run from the Zarcon assassins.  They have a military controlled city, the slums and a wasteland to transverse before they can escape Earth.

Other Series by Rebekah Shelton

Red Wolf (The Red Wolf Chronicles - Book 1)

Boone is a lone wolf and bounty hunter living day to day and paycheck to paycheck. Boone lives for the money and the chase. He just wants to capture his prey, the most heinous of criminals; rapists, serial killers, etc., collect the reward and return to his secluded cabin in the mountains before the next full moon. Forced to team up with his biggest competition, a beautiful and captivating female bounty hunter with her own secrets, Boone is lured into a world he cannot escape. As he learns more about himself and who his father is, he can never turn back. His secret is revealed but who can he trust?

Emerald Eyes (The Legend of the Snow Wolves - Book 1)

Gracey hoped a trip to Africa would help her to escape her mundane life and the torture she endured daily.  Her mother had been murdered in what appeared to be an animal attack.  Her father was in prison for killing a man in a bar fight.  Secretly, Gracey was in love with the son of the man who owned the bank where she worked.  She had been in love with Stone for nearly seven years.  Little did she know a trip halfway around the world would change her life forever.  While searching for her mother’s killer, she finds her soul mate and learns the truth about herself.  She is a legend.


More About the Author

Rebekah Shelton is an empty-nester, originally from Northeastern Ohio, now residing in Middle Tennessee with her husband.  It was her love of reading which catapulted her to start writing.  Her first book was Emerald Eyes.  It began as a tragic romance but morphed into a paranormal romance.  Falling in love with the characters, she continued the series, the Legend of the Snow Wolves.  The Red Wolf Chronicles is a spin-off series with a mythological twist.  Her addiction to sci-fi movies led her to her third series, The Battle for Zarcon.  She has also co-authored a book with her husband, Jeff, Operation De-ICE - The Battle for Earth.
Send her a message via email.
Like her on Facebook. 
Follow her on Twitter.
Check out her Smashwords Interview and her Smashwords profile page.

Other Books by Rebekah Shelton
The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series:
Emerald Eyes [Free]
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign
Emerald Anarchy
Book 11 (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles:
Red Wolf [Free]
Red Palace
Red Widow

The Battle for Zarcon Saga:
Raising Avon [Free]
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Co-Authored with Jeffery Shelton:
Operation De-ICE [The Battle for Earth]


