REBEL’S CONSTRUCT

Sim-Verse: Book 1








ALLEN KUZARA
Copyright © 2019 by Allen Kuzara
All rights reserved.



"Natural justice is a symbol or expression of usefulness, to prevent one person from harming or being harmed by another."
Epicurus



“Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.”
Franklin D. Roosevelt
CHAPTER 1
THE ST. GEORGE sat like an over-sized garbage truck in vacuous space.  The crew was used to working in darkness, the kind of nothingness that threatened to suck the marrow of your soul, but today was different.  The sun, one-hundred fifty million miles away, shined its light toward the Meyer Corp’s astro-mining cargo ship.  It was a beacon of promise, that they were not lost, that this final day of their journey would see them homeward bound.
More like a Venus flytrap than an iron dragon, as its name would imply, the St. George’s receiving bay lay open, waiting for the giant chunk of mineral-rich rock to be deposited.
“Easy does it,” Taven Smith said over the comm.  The drivers of the slicers slowed their approach.  They carried packets of rock like spiders pulling home their web-wrapped prey.  Slicers were single occupant vehicles sometimes referred to as coffins by those who mined the Belt.  It was debatable whether these glass-enclosed, rocket-strapped cockpits with plasma-arc torches for arms were small ships or just glorified space suits.
Suddenly, one of the slicers bolted in front of the other.
“No hot-doggin’!” Taven insisted.
“That completion bonus isn’t going to earn itself, old man,” said Mack, Taven’s second-in-command.
“I’d rather get home in one piece, thank you very much,” Taven said.
“He just doesn’t want to get shown up by a girl,” Ferah said, who then accelerated the other slicer to compete with Mack.
“Just stick to band-aids, rookie.  And let the real miners do their jobs,” Mack shot back.
“Quiet down and focus,” Taven admonished.  He was really feeling it today; the mental drain that these astro-mining expeditions caused were somehow cumulative.  No matter how much sleep, fun, or distraction he had during furloughs, each trip to the Belt got harder.  His nerves felt like they could calve off like one of the big slabs of asteroid stones shaved in two by a slicer.  And the childish antics from Mack weren’t helping anything.  He knew making Mack assist the rookie would cause problems.  Mack was hyper competitive, and seeing all the other slicers turn in their last payload first brought out a new level of juvenility.
“There, like a glove,” pronounced Mack as he expertly slid his payload into the jaws of the St. George.  The mighty mouth of the ship slowly began to close, and Mack lingered in its jaws, tempting fate like he always did.
Just as Taven was ready to get on the comm and beg him to get out of there, Mack punched the slicer’s propulsion system to max and blasted out from the jaws of death.  The slicer’s jets ignited some of the broken bits of rock and frozen fuel before the St. George’s mighty mouth swallowed the payload, extinguishing the stone’s fire and its chances of ever seeing the Belt again.
“Mack, I told you they’ll dock our pay for burning the cargo,” Taven warned.
“Ah, they don’t care if I burn off a tenth of a C-type.  We’re supposed to be collecting heavies anyway.  She’ll be full of rock, and that’s all they care about.  That and making sure they don’t share the profits with us.”
Mack maneuvered his slicer beside Taven’s.  They were close enough to see each other’s faces now, and Taven saw Mack’s infectious grin.  Mack was undisciplined and obnoxious, Taven knew, but he was as loyal as a Golden retriever.  Sometimes Taven wished he had a muzzle for Mack.
Ferah’s slicer moved closer to the St. George and blocked some of the scarce sunlight from striking Taven’s slicer.  The subdued lighting caused him to notice his own reflection in the cockpit’s glass.  He checked his short haircut, seeing if it was time for a trim.  But then he grimaced and turned away after noticing the massive gash and scar down the right side of his face.  He didn’t spend much time in front of mirrors, the years not having healed all wounds.
A twenty-eight-year-old Meyer Corp foreman was guaranteed to have scars, physical or otherwise.  Almost no one lasted this long on a high-hazard job.  Most would have simply quit by now, and the rest would have lost a limb or their minds and taken MC’s severance package and limped home.  Taven didn’t like to think of what his post had already cost him, let alone what it might mean if he stayed on for a full career.
When the jaws of the St. George’s compactor opened again, Taven said, “Okay, Ferah.  Your turn.”
Slowly, methodically, Ferah moved her slicer toward the cargo ship.  When she was close, she turned her ship backwards as Mack had done moments before.  Now the payload faced the St. George.
“She’s not going to get it,” Mack said to Taven on a private channel.
“Ah, don’t jinx her.”
“Hey, what do you think she’s wearing under that flight suit?” Mack asked.
Taven hesitated with the asinine question, and Mack broke in, “I’m thinking a black one-piece with lace, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s an au naturel type, with nothing but a birthday suit.”
“Another gift from the Union,” Taven said sarcastically.  He wasn’t exactly sure what he should say.  This was an inappropriate conversation, obviously.  But this was also the Belt, and Mack was a young astro-miner far from home on his last day of a six-week tour.  Things were different out here.  The rules weren’t the same.  Anyone who had ever sliced the Belt knew that; it was as obvious and self-evident as that initial pull of heavy Earth gravity when you first got home.
The required medical officer was part of the latest deal between Meyer Corp and the Miners Union, a token concession in lieu of real improvements to the safety policy.   In actuality, the young med school graduate was more eye-candy than anything else.  These expeditions to the Belt were heavily, if not exclusively, populated by young, dumb, desperate men.  So, it was like some law of physics when all the boys on board the St. George became infatuated with its only member possessing no Y chromosomes.
Someone like Ferah was the outlier, and everyone knew she was obliged to be here, Meyer Corp having paid her way through med school.  And Taven—though not immune to the same depraved impulses of the other men—felt a fatherly, protective instinct toward her.  He couldn’t keep the men from objectifying her; that would be impossible.  But he was determined to have them keep their mitts to themselves.
“But couldn’t they have just sent a dancer or a hooker instead?” Mack asked.
“I’m pretty sure Amy wouldn’t want me out here if they sent entertainment,” Taven said.  “In fact, I’m pretty sure that’s one thing she likes about my job.  At least, until recently, she didn’t have to worry about me chasing tail out in the Belt.”
They watched as Ferah struggled to get her payload delivered into the receiving bay.
“I told her she got too much rock,” Mack said.  “But she didn’t listen.  I don’t have letters after my name, didn’t go to school for a million years like she did, so what would I know about something like astro-mining?”  He paused.  “Maybe it’s something even kinkier under that suit.”
Taven didn’t like the way he was sounding: His lust was fusing with frustration, even class-envy.  Not a good combination.
“I think it’s better this way,” Taven said.  “We get the eye-candy, and if one of us gets our arm chopped off, there’s someone here who knows how to stop the bleeding.”
Mack snorted, “I guess so.”
Just then, Ferah came on over the radio.  “Taven, I’m having trouble.”
“Just take your time.  It’s hard for everyone their first time,” Taven answered.
“Yeah, that made sense six weeks ago.  I think I sliced off too much rock,” she said.
“Told you!” said Mack.
“Mack, stay out of this,” Taven said.
“Do you want me to release the payload?” Ferah asked, her voice sounding deflated, defeated.
“I got this,” Mack said as he blasted his slicer away.
“Mack . . .” Taven stopped short.  His dog was off the leash, and though Taven wanted to enforce the chain of command, he knew Mack was the best slicer he’d ever met.  It was just easier to let him deal with it.
Taven watched as Mack’s slicer approached Ferah’s payload.  Unhesitatingly, Mack actuated his sonic blades and took off a third of the massive rock and ice Ferah had stowed.
“There.  Easy as pie,” Mack said proudly.
“Alright, Ferah.  Put the rest of your payload in the St. George, and let’s go home,” Taven said.
“Right away,” she answered.
Taven watched as she squeezed the remaining rock into the receiving bay.  As soon as she was in the clear, she scooted out of the way and engaged the St. George’s jaws.  This moment was one every astro-miner fantasized about: the last load.  It always seemed like a physical impossibility at the beginning of the tour, but somewhere around week four, people stopped seeing themselves as helpless victims of corporate serfdom and started busting their humps to get done early and win a bonus.
Taven wondered what it would be like when all this changed, when Meyer Corp finished building their outpost on Ceres, the dwarf planet and largest celestial body in the Belt.  Its completion would allow miners to stay out longer and probably even allow for greater specialization and division of labor.  Once the cargo transfer back to Earth could be done by others, it would be a new ball game.  It wouldn’t even require new laborers, Taven realized.  Automated shipments could travel back and forth from Earth to Ceres, restocking the outpost with supplies and removing the necessity for miners to ever return home.  It would save MC’s bottom line, but he wondered if miners could actually face the prospect of multi-month tours of service in the Belt.
Something distracted Taven from his ruminations:  The rock Mack had sheared off was tumbling wildly into space, which wasn’t an unusual sight.  But something about it tugged at Taven’s subconscious as if it mattered.
Just then, the tumbling rock exploded, shattering into millions of pieces and scattering bright luminescence that hurt Taven’s eyes.  The asteroid had hit something, Taven knew, but he didn’t know what.  Whatever it was, it was big enough to cause one of the biggest detonations Taven had ever witnessed out in the Belt.
“D’you see that?” Mack demanded.
Taven didn’t answer.  He just watched in mute stupefaction as the debris cleared and a massive ship, many times larger than the St. George, materialized before their eyes.
CHAPTER 2
BLAST IT!  MACK, what’d you do?” Taven gasped.
“How’s this my fault?  No one saw that ship.  And it’s huge.  How could we miss something that big?”
The only way to miss a ship that large, Taven knew, was if they wanted to be missed.  He dialed up the main comm on the St. George.
“Taven here.  Who’s on deck?”
There was a pause, and Taven could imagine the staff member scrambling from whatever he was doing other than his job.
“This is Graden Ross on the St. George.  I was—”
“I don’t care what you were doing,” Taven interrupted.  “What’s on sensors?”
There was another pause.  “Three slicers out and . . . some unidentified ship.”  The sound of his voice changed, heightened in tension, when he noticed the new ship.
“Any communication from the cruiser?” Taven asked.
“Nothing,” the young man said.
Taven thought for a second, then said, “Patch main comm to my slicer.”
Seconds later Taven’s console chirped, indicating he had control of the St. George’s comm.  He punched up the signal to broadcast on all frequencies.
“This is Taven Smith, lead foreman of the Meyer Corp vessel the St. George.  Unidentified cruiser, please respond.”
He waited for what seemed like an eternity.  As he did, he studied the newly revealed craft.  He knew it was big, though it’s often hard to judge relative size in space, more so even than flying objects on earth.  But Taven found the primary generators which were always exterior components on ships that large.  There were three of them, which meant it had to be a class II fleet cruiser, at least.  But he didn’t recognize any of the external markings or the make or model.  He guessed it was old, and he wondered how long it had been out here.
He made one more plea over the comm to the silent ship before giving up on a response.  At least they’re not hostile, he thought.  If a ship that big had armaments and brought them to bear, the St. George would be toast.
As if he sensed the most serious moment was behind them, Mack spoke up on the comm, “What are we going to do?”
This question was the obvious one to ask, but Taven had intentionally ignored the unpleasant reality, having focused on other details until then.
“You know what the Union conceded the last go around, don’t you?”
“You’re not serious.” Mack said.
“Afraid so,” Taven said.  “The last trade agreement stipulated that we have the duty to investigate and assist any distressed vessel we encounter.”
“That’s boilerplate nonsense, stuff terrestrials write up after having never been past the moon.  It’s our backs and our lives they’re stepping on.  And besides, who says the ship’s distressed?  We didn’t get a response over the radio.”
“Mack, we launched a multi-kiloton rock at them.  I’d say that qualifies.”
“Maybe it’s empty,” Mack said.  “Maybe this is a retired ship that’s been sent off to greener pastures.”
“Let’s hope you’re right, but we have to check it out.  It’s my behind on the line if we don’t.”
He expected Mack to promise not to tell, to say that Taven would be fine if they didn’t investigate, but he didn’t.  Even his impulsive second officer knew they couldn’t keep something like this quiet.
Taven quickly thought about his crew roster.  They were mostly useless except for dragging in rocks.
“Graden, patch me into Stevens’s responder.”
His console chirped in compliance, and a second later he heard, “Yes?  This is Stevens.”
“Taven speaking.  Am I right in remembering you have engineering training?”
“I studied systems processing and propulsion engineering, but only for two semesters before I ran out of money and had to start mining.”
“It will have to do,” Taven said.  “Get yourself in a slicer.  We’re going to the ship.”
CHAPTER 3
THE TEAM OF slicers approached the cruiser in formation, but as they neared its open docking bay they slowed, allowing Taven to go ahead of them.
Taven bit his lip and gripped his flight stick as he passed into the bay.  There could be any number of automated defenses, and he wouldn’t be the wiser until it was too late.
The overhead lights formed long luminous streaks across the ceiling that promised to stretch out forever, like inverted landing strips.  The lights were on, but no one was home.  The place was empty, except there was a blur at the far end of the hangar bay.  The lights seemed too bright, but he knew it was his eyes adjusting from the darkness.  He squinted at the far end of the giant structure and made out a couple of small craft.  He headed there, the rest of the team following behind him.
He kept waiting for the slicer’s engines to whine, to be affected by the presence of artificial gravity, but they never did.  And now that he was close to the parked craft, he realized they weren’t grounded, that the AG—if the cruiser even possessed the technology—was offline.  Not a good sign that people were aboard, he thought.  But then again, who wants people to be on this ship?
Reaching what Taven thought of as his destination, he parked his slicer, turning it around to face the open bay door.  You never know when you might need to make a quick exit, he figured.
The other three slicers pulled in beside him.  Immediately, Taven examined his console for the exterior atmosphere.  It checked out, Union minimums across the board.
“Old man, do we have to suit up?” Mack asked.
Taven hesitated.  He was just like everyone else; he didn’t want to wear the cumbersome space suit if he didn’t have to.  But he knew it was his job to be the bad guy, to keep everyone alive.
“Suit up,” he said.  “We can take our helmets off later if everything checks out.”
Taven heard the team’s moans and groans in his headset.
After putting on his own suit in the rear of the slicer, he opened the aft door and peered down at the floor below.  He hoped it had sufficient metal the way all modern craft did, but no one knew what this ship was, who built it, how old, nothing.
He grabbed the external rail of the slicer and pushed himself downward.  His feet touched the bottom, but there was nothing, no reaction, no traction.  He quickly glanced around, embarrassed and hoping no one had seen him make that rookie gaffe.  Fortunately, they hadn’t.  He’d forgotten to engage his magnetic boots.
He released the rail and touched his arm console, toggling his boots on.  No sooner had he touched the engage button than he felt himself floating downward until his feet clicked lightly onto the floor.
He tested them, picking up one foot at a time until he’d decided they were properly modulated.  The good news about their suits was that they could adjust their boots’ magnetism.  If the flooring had only weakly magnetic material, they could amp up their boots until finding the sweet spot.  And they could turn off their boots if they didn’t want the magnetic attraction, which was sometimes important.  The bad news was that the whole system relied on electric current.  The suit’s battery system was light years ahead of what early astro-miners had to live with, but there were still limits.  And the idea of getting too far out of bounds and your battery going down had become a modern archetype, a nightmare that rivaled empty oxygen tanks in the collective consciousness of space travelers.
The rest of the team assembled near Taven.  Ferah was the last to join them, still the newbie when it came to suiting up.  He saw in Mack’s eyes the immature jokes that weren’t being said.  Taven rolled his eyes dismissively.
“All ready, Boss,” Ferah said, standing two steps away.
Her appearance caught Taven off-guard.  The softness of her tan face, her supple lips.  He resisted spending time with Ferah for this very reason.  He was not immune to the fever from which every other man aboard the St. George suffered.  She, for just a moment, was an oasis, a promise of life in this dark desert.
He pushed the emotions down and even thought hateful, judgmental thoughts to replace them.  Things he knew were not true: she was an idiot, a rich kid right out of med school, and she had probably slept with most of the crew by now.  They were all lies, but they helped Taven squash the equally untruthful impulse that told him she was what—not who—he wanted.
“Let’s get this done,” Taven said.  “We’ll be wasting time meandering aimlessly around a ship this big.  We need to find some sort of computer interface and take a look under the hood.”
Everyone seemed to be in agreement, but they still waited for Taven to make the first move.  He spotted a door, presumably an entrance and headed toward it.
The plinks and clacks echoed in the empty gymnasium of a hangar bay as their metallic boots clopped noisily.  As Taven reached the doorway, it sensed him and opened automatically.  He couldn’t help but picture a morbid trap, a sideways guillotine that promised to chop him in half as soon as he stepped forward.
He suppressed his irrational fear and walked into a long hallway that gave no clues, no writing, no indication of which way to head.  Both directions seemed to T-bone with perpendicular hallways.
After the others had filed in behind him, Taven spoke.  “Suggestions?”
“Hello!” shouted Mack.  “Anybody home?”
“I’m pretty sure that if they didn’t hear the asteroid slam into them, they probably won’t hear you yelling,” Ferah said.
Mack ignored her.  “My nose says that way,” he said.  Then he began walking down one hallway before Taven could give any kind of go-ahead.
When they reached the hallway intersection, Taven looked right and left.  Both directions looked like mirror images—long tunnels with alternating doors on both sides.
The crew studied their options until Ferah spoke up.  “There.  That’s different.”  She pointed to a door-sized structure that didn’t exist in the other direction.
They headed toward it, and Taven felt unease.  They were descending further into the labyrinth without leaving breadcrumbs, some way of finding their way back.
Up close, the structure appeared to be some kind of computer console, though it didn’t look like anything Taven had seen before.  It wasn’t Meyer Corp tech, and Taven wondered if it had even been made this century.
“Think you can work it?” he asked Stevens.
“I’ll try,” the young man said.  He placed his hands on the machine, and instantly the computer came to life.
“Welcome to the Hudson interface system.  State your intent,” said a digital voice.
Stevens looked back at Taven.  “Didn’t think it would be that easy,” he shrugged.
Taven gave him a nod to proceed.  The young man spoke to the computer.  “Show me ship schematics.”
“Do you wish to view mechanical blueprints or an internal diagram?” asked the computer.
“Show me the map,” Taven spoke.
“Mapping the Hudson,” the voiced complied.  The wall console that had appeared opaque suddenly turned luminous.  At the top, the profile of the entire ship appeared with visible slices like an apple stack cake.  Each layer had lines drawn to one side with a node at the end, ostensibly to expand each level with more detail.
“Computer,” Mack said, “Show us our level.”  Taven again wished Mack would let him do the talking, but it was the same command he would have asked for.  That was the problem with Mack; either you let him run free with all the good and bad, or, if you tried to control him, you hampered his entire personality, making him a totally useless second-in-command.
The computer popped up a local area map with a blinking light, showing their current location.  “There’s the hangar,” Ferah said, pointing to a large room that took up half the level’s area.
“What are in these rooms?” Taven asked, pointing to the numerous identically sized rectangles.
Stevens touched the map and it zoomed in on one of the rooms.  “No description,” he said.
“Check another,” Taven said.
Stevens did, and it too had no description.
“Check another level,” Mack suggested.
Stevens eyed Taven for permission, and Taven nodded.  The next level down was very similar except it had no hangar bay.  But it did have the rooms.  They zoomed in on several, but none had descriptions.
“That’s weird,” Ferah said.  “Why would they all be the same size?”
“Passenger accommodations?” Mack offered.
“How big are they?” Taven asked Stevens.  Stevens proceeded to ask the computer how big the currently selected room was, which was something Taven felt silly for not doing himself.
“Area of selected room is twenty thousand square feet,” answered the computer.
“That’s way too big for lodging,” Mack said.  “Even those big pleasure cruisers don’t have rooms that big.”
Taven knew Mack was right.  He was starting to silently panic.  Nothing was making sense, and he felt the urge to get out of there.  He went passive, letting the other three make decisions while he tried to fight through his fear.
“Check another level,” Mack said.  Stevens did.  The ship appeared to be full of these same sized rooms and seemingly nothing else.
“Computer,” Ferah said, “show me navigation room.”
“No such room exists,” said the computer.
“Show me engineering,” Mack demanded.
“No such room exists.”
“Show communications,” Ferah said.
“No such room exists.”
The team collectively groaned in frustration.  “How did this ship even get out here?” Mack said rhetorically.
“The Hudson Colony traveled to the outer Belt one hundred sixty-three years ago with the stated mission of living intentional, nonviolent lives.”
“Oh, great,” Mack muttered.  It’s a cult ship.  That explains everything.”
“And the age explains the lack of the welcoming party,” Ferah agreed.
“Yeah, they probably abandoned ship a century ago after they reached wherever they were headed,” Stevens said.  “Maybe a larger space station?”
“Who knows how crazy they were?” Mack said.  “If they came out here for any reason besides making money, they were complete nut-jobs.”
They seemed cheerful, and the hope that no one was aboard and that this would soon be over gave Taven courage.  “Alright, let’s check out a couple rooms just to be certain everyone’s gone.  Then we’ll go home.”
CHAPTER 4
SINCE THEY KNEW all the rooms were identical, Taven felt no apprehension picking one at random to check out.  Leaving the wall console, he walked to the nearest door in the hallway.  As he neared it, the door opened.  He didn’t have the same guillotine fear as he had leaving the hangar, but what awaited him would be no less surprising as a swinging blade.
Taven stopped a single step inside the room, and the other three piled up behind him.
“What the blazes!” Mack said.
In long rows were coffin sized glass containers, each visibly containing a body.  Taven moved to the nearest one.
“Are they alive?” he asked.
Ferah knelt down beside the transparent pod and examined the body.  “I can’t see them breathing,” she said.  “But they don’t look dead.”
She was right.  The woman’s body under glass looked the picture of health, perhaps in her mid-thirties with a clear complexion.
“Cryogenics?” Mack questioned.
Ferah removed her glove and put her hand on the glass.  “It’s not cold, not any more than the rest of the ship, anyway.”
Mack walked down the center aisle, examining both rows of bodies.  “They are all alike,” he said.  “And they all look fine.  Clones?”
“No, look closer,” Taven said.  “They’re not identical.”  Then he turned to Stevens.  “Go back to the wall console and see what you can figure out about these pods.”
Stevens, appearing glad to leave the room full of not-quite-dead bodies, hurried out the door.
Taven looked to Ferah for insights, and when she looked back, he had another flash of feeling.  In disgust at his own animal instincts that were stupid enough to emerge at a time like this, he twisted off his helmet and put it on the deck.  After breathing deeply, he was satisfied with the oxygen mix and began the arduous task of removing his space suit.
Mack and Ferah followed suit.  Having had years of practice and a head start, Taven and Mack finished disrobing before Ferah.  As she shook off the last of her suit, Taven saw Mack’s facial expressions, and knew exactly what kinds of dumb, juvenile thoughts were going through his mind.
So much for the lingerie, Taven wanted to say to Mack but didn’t.  Ferah wore the same conventional garb as everyone else, red elastic two-piece material that resembled exercise clothing or long underwear.  Still, Taven noticed she could make anything look good, all without trying.
“What now?” Ferah asked.
“If they aren’t dead,” Taven said meekly, “then we need to wake one up.  If we open them up and they’re dead, then we’ve got nothing to worry about.”
“Assuming they are alive, how do we know they want to be awakened?” Ferah asked.
“Yeah,” Mack chimed in, “what if they are loonies who swore some kind of oath to their leader, and they want to sleep for all eternity?”
“We hit their ship,” Taven said.  “Until we know more about them or Stevens figures more out from the computer, it’s our duty to tell them what happened and offer them assistance.  Plus, I don’t want anyone saying I didn’t go the distance when we get back home.  The last thing I want to deal with on furlough is a bunch of trumped-up charges that might just stick.”
“Alright,” Ferah said, appearing to recognize she was up now, that it was her turn to take the reins.  She laid her large medicase on its side, actuated its magnetic cleats so it attached to the deck, and opened it, revealing more medical gear and medicine than Taven would have imagined could fit in a bag that size.  The gear and meds spilled out, promising never to fit back inside.
Ferah scanned her equipment for a second as if she were confirming that everything she expected to be there really was there.  Then she started searching the glass coffin with her hands along its seams.  “There has to be a release on this thing somewhere,” she said.
Taven and Mack both stood at arm’s length, bent at the waist, trying to act as spotters.
“There, that must be it,” she said, her hand at the head of the pod.  “Everyone ready?” she asked, checking faces.
Everyone nodded, and Ferah flipped the unseen switch.  There was a quick hiss of gas, and Taven flinched.  He didn’t know what he had expected, but it wasn’t that.
Then, seemingly automated systems kicked in.  An electronic motor hummed, and the glass lid began to separate down its middle along a seam that had until then been unnoticeable.  After the glass broke into two pieces, it slid down along either side of the body and disappeared underneath the pod.
The three of them stood back, pensively awaiting further changes, but nothing more happened.
“Is she alive?” Mack asked.
“Guess I’ll do this the old-fashioned way,” Ferah said as she grabbed a stethoscope from her gear.  She put it in her ears and slowly placed the other end on the sleeper’s chest.
At the point of contact, Taven felt himself shudder.  Maybe he thought there would be a reaction from the body, but there wasn’t.
After Ferah listened for longer than Taven expected, she snapped back and pulled off her stethoscope.  Then she stared off away from Taven and Mack, keeping a scowl on her face.
“Well?” Taven asked.
Her eyes shifted to his, but her scowl remained and Taven for the first time thought he had glimpsed Ferah’s ire.
“She’s alive,” Ferah said, “but I don’t know how.”  She quickly grabbed a small device from her bag and held it up to the woman’s head.
They waited for an explanation, but none came.
“Okay, out with it,” Mack demanded.  “We don’t have all day.”
“She has a heartbeat, but it’s too slow.  I mean, maybe if she was hypothermic or something, it would make sense.  But—assuming they are all like her—I don’t know what’s keeping them alive.”
“I’ll help you with the hard ones, sweetheart,” Mack chided.  “It’s these blasted cables hooked up to her.  She’s half machine.”
“I realize that,” Ferah responded, her scowl back in full force.  “They are obviously on some sort of long-term life support.  It’s just that I’ve never seen a patient in a drug or neuronal induced coma with such weak vitals.  She shouldn’t be getting enough oxygen to her brain, not with her heart rate that low.  But her brain activity is off the charts.  It’s like she’s in a heightened form of REM sleep.”
Taven looked at their subject; she looked peaceful, and he had the momentary thought that she might be better off than he was.  The number of cords and cables that filled the empty spaces of her pod were deceiving at first glance.  They looked like they might be hooked into her all over her body.  But, in fact, there were only two that entered her body directly, one in her mouth, another in her nose.  The rest—there were dozens—were attached to what looked like a swimmer’s cap on her head.
“I’m guessing those two are a feeding tube and oxygen,” Taven offered.
“Most likely,” Ferah said.  “But I don’t see a catheter, so…”
“So, what are we waiting for?” Mack demanded.  “Can you wake her up?”
Ferah didn’t answer but continued checking her patient.  Her touch, albeit a gentle one, pushed the woman’s weightless body down against the bottom of the pod, and the coils of wires beneath acted like a spring and pushed her back toward Ferah who didn’t seem to notice or mind.
“Her heart rate isn’t changing.  She’s still in stasis despite opening the pod,” Ferah said.  “Over here,” she pointed to a small set of buttons outside the pod, “is where the induction process is initiated.  The symbols are pretty self-explanatory.  But I don’t see anything about regression, nothing about taking her out.”
“Then let’s rip out her tubes,” Mack said.
Both Taven and Ferah eyed Mack with contempt.  His base, crude suggestions always seemed reprehensible at first, but then strangely the only obvious choice to be made.
“He’s right,” Ferah finally said.  “We have to disconnect her to bring her out of sleep.”
“Any negative consequences?” Taven asked.
“There’s no way of knowing,” she said.  “I’ll monitor her, but I’d say we should start by taking off her neural cap.  That should disrupt that part of it, then we’ll see how she responds.”
“Okay, do it,” Taven said quickly, as if he might lose his courage if he waited longer.
Ferah gently reached up to the woman’s head and began peeling back the rubber-like cap.  It made a sucking sound as it clung to the woman’s skin.  After Ferah removed it, Taven was surprised to see that the woman’s head was shaved.  It was still smooth as if she’d gone under yesterday.
“There, that ought to do it,” Ferah said as she moved the cap to one side.  Then she resumed monitoring her patient’s heart rate.  “It’s coming up,” she said moments later.  “Her heart rate’s rising.”
“Hey, anyone have a pen?” Mack asked.  “Maybe we could draw a mustache on her before she wakes.”
Before anyone could chastise Mack for his inappropriate comment, the woman sat up, or, at least, she tried.  The lack of gravity meant she didn’t have much to push against, so her body went cattiwonkis and began spinning to one side.
Everyone jumped, but Ferah recovered quickly and tried to assist the patient.  She put her hands on the woman, stabilizing her so she wouldn’t spin.
“It’s okay.  You’re okay,” Ferah said gently.
The woman stayed rigid, her eyes wide open, but she didn’t talk.
“You’re on the Hudson.  You’ve been asleep for a long time.  We’re here to help,” Ferah said.
“Maybe she’s brain-dead,” Mack said.
“Shut up,” Taven said.  “How is she?  I mean, under the hood—what’s going on?” he asked.
Ferah shifted to her medic bag and brought up an instrument that Taven didn’t recognize.  It was rectangular with a handle.  Ferah raised it to her patient’s head and began moving it slowly from one hemisphere to the other.  Then she pulled it down and stared at its screen.
“She’s not totally with us yet,” Ferah stated.
“I could have told you that,” Mack said.
“But she’s coming back,” she said, “I think.”
Ferah checked her heart rate again.  Satisfied, she raised a hand with a pen light and shined it in the woman’s eyes.  Then she waved her hand before her eyes.  She turned to the others.  “Retinas are reacting but that’s about the only reflex.”
Just then, the woman reached out and grabbed Ferah by the wrist.  She continued staring straight ahead but then tried to speak.
“What’d she say?” Mack asked.
“I’m removing the feeding tube,” Ferah said.
But before she could, the woman grabbed it with both hands and yanked hard.  As the end of the feeding tube exited her mouth, she coughed and gagged before saying, “You woke me.”  Slowly, she shifted her eyes toward Ferah and repeated, “You woke me.”
“Yes, we woke you.  We accidently damaged your ship and needed to warn you,” Taven said.  He moved toward the woman who had again grabbed Ferah by the wrist.
With white hot hate in her eyes, the woman screamed, “You woke me!”  This time she didn’t wait for a response but instead attacked Ferah—grabbing, scratching wildly at her face.
Fortunately, Ferah was able to dodge most of the blows, but the woman still had her by the arm and wasn’t letting go.
Taven grabbed the woman from behind, and she reflexively elbowed him in the lip.  He bear-hugged her, pulling both of her arms down and forcing her to relinquish her grasp of Ferah.
The woman writhed and continued screaming.  She was not calming down, and Taven felt like he’d grabbed a tiger by the tail.  He couldn’t hold her forever.
“Let her go,” Mack insisted.
Taven thought for a second, couldn’t understand his meaning, but was glad to have an excuse to get away from this mad woman.
He moved back three steps, and the woman in zero-G spun out of control, her arms and legs hitting and kicking wildly as she maintained her high-pitched squawking.
Mack suddenly lunged forward toward the woman.  He tapped her with his hand and quickly stepped back.
“That should work,” Mack said.
Taven didn’t see any changes, and he couldn’t tell what Mack had done.  The writhing woman continued to squall, but in mere seconds Taven noticed her mad flailing started to slow.
Then her voice dropped pitch until, moments later, she was quiet, still.
“What did you do?” Taven asked.
Mack strutted proudly up to the woman like a rodeo star with his roped calf.  He placed a hand on the spinning body and stopped her in midair.  Then Taven spotted it: Sticking out of the woman’s neck was a syringe, one of the auto-inject types that non-medics were trained to use.
“Tranquilizers,” Mack beamed.  “I spotted them in Ferah’s bag early on.  Just say it’s my prerogative to think ahead.”
Taven wanted to be angry with Mack, especially for claiming to think ahead.  Nine times out of ten, Taven was having to do all the thinking for his second-in-command, but this time—Taven was just glad to have the situation under control.
“You okay?” Taven asked Ferah.
“Yeah, I think so,” she answered.
“Come on, let’s see,” Taven said, looking at where the woman had grabbed Ferah’s arm.
Ferah raised her arm and rolled back her flight suit sleeve as far as she could.  Taven took her hand and examined her arm.  He could see she was a little shaken up, but she was putting on a brave face, especially in front of him.  Or maybe it was Mack she wanted to impress.  Taven noticed bruising already beginning to form.
“She really had ahold of you,” he said.
Ferah nodded, looking down.  Then she raised her eyes to his.  “I’m not sure why she reacted that way.  Obviously, she was confused, and that’s to be expected when coming out of a long coma.  But I’ve never heard of someone having such a violent outburst like that.”
“Me either,” Taven agreed.  “She just kept repeating the same line over and over.”  Then he realized he was holding on to Ferah’s arm too long, and he let go.  There was a long silence as they pondered their predicament.
Then the door to the hallway opened, and Stevens stepped through.  The look on his face said it all.  “Taven,” he said, “I’ve got bad news.” 
CHAPTER 5
TAVEN HAD HEARD Stevens loud and clear, but the words bounced around in his head like it was some storage chamber where thoughts went before being processed.
“They are together, like, right now?” Taven asked.
“Yes, their consciousnesses are interfacing with the ship’s main computer, right as we speak.  Presumably they are able to communicate with each other, but beyond that, I have no idea what they’re doing,” Stevens said.
“A neuronal interface,” Ferah whispered in amazement.
“They aren’t sleeping?” Mack asked, incredulously.
“Not in the literal sense, no,” Stevens said.  “Their bodies are in some kind of stasis, but their minds are alive and active.”
“How long do they have?” Mack asked.
“That much, I don’t know,” Stevens answered.  The young man was already the quiet type, Taven thought.  Now that the messenger was in danger of being shot, he seemed extra skittish.
“But you’re certain?” Taven asked.
Stevens nodded, looked down, then said, “We just hit them too hard with that chunk of rock.  They probably were in a weak orbit to begin with, so it didn’t take much.”
“What were they in orbit around, anyway?” Mack added.  “We’re out in the Belt.”
“Same thing as everything else in the Belt,” Stevens answered, sounding like he’d reclaimed a bit of his pride, “the sun.”
“That’s . . . that’s how many miles from here?” Mack said, turning to Taven for confirmation.  But Taven didn’t have to crunch the numbers.  He knew Stevens was right.  The question that remained to be answered was why the Hudson was even out here and what these people were doing in stasis.
“I can say with certainty their orbit isn’t decaying,” Stevens said to Taven.  “They aren’t going to crash into the sun.  We knocked them the other direction, away from the Belt.  My guess is they’ll end up catching up with Jupiter.
The mere mention of the word crash made Taven cringe.  He didn’t like the fact he was made responsible for contacting this ship, but the thought that he would be at fault for a ship full of who-knows-how-many souls crashing to their deaths—that was too much.
“Get back on the console.” Taven ordered.  “If you need to, go back to the St. George.  But whatever you do, figure out how long we have before the Hudson gets away from us.  If we’re going to radio Meyer Corp for help, we’ll need to be more specific.”
The momentary relief Taven experienced for having hit the ball back into Stevens’s court evaporated quickly, replaced by the reality that this was all on his shoulders, and if he wanted to get through this unscathed, he needed to act quickly.
Taven did the math in his head.  Unless the Hudson was moving incredibly slowly, they would be up a creek if they had to wait for help from Meyer Corp.  Not only did it take more than a month for a rescue ship to travel to the Belt, but it would undoubtedly take a couple of weeks of negotiations between the Miners Union and Meyer Corp before deciding to send help.  It wasn’t simply a matter of whether there were lives at stake; blame needed to be passed around along with determining who would foot the bill and whose heads would roll.
“How is she?” Taven asked.
Ferah had the patient down on the floor, clasped with heavy-duty magnetic straps.  “She’s stable,” she said.  “But I still have no idea why she reacted that way.”
“Which means we woke her up for nothing,” Mack huffed.
“Not necessarily,” Ferah said.  She looked at Taven knowingly, then back to her patient.
“She’s right,” Taven said.  He looked at the empty sleep pod, its mass of tangled wires and cables spilling out in all directions.
Mack studied his foreman’s words and gestures, then said, “You’re not seriously thinking of—”
“What choice do I have?” Taven answered.
“About a million is all,” Mack snapped.  “Where does it say in the new Union agreement that you have to plug yourself into a . . . um . . . what do you even call this?”
“A neuronal interface,” Ferah offered.
“It’s not just my tail on the line,” Taven said.  “Not now.  Not after what Stevens said about their orbit.  If we don’t warn them, we’ll be responsible for hundreds of deaths.”
“But who says what happened to her,” Mack said, pointing at the woman on the ground, “won’t also happen to you?”
Taven turned to Ferah.  The thought had crossed his mind, but he hoped she had some technical knowledge he didn’t that might give him reason to be optimistic.
“The difference is,” Ferah said, “this woman didn’t want to wake up.  She wasn’t trying to come out.  We forced her.  If Taven goes in, he’s going to want to come out of it.  Think of it,” she said.  “This ship has hundreds or thousands of people aboard, and none of them are awake.  There’s no one—as far as we know—that’s here to wake them up from the outside.  That means they have to have some way to consciously exit the construct.  It has to be that way.  They had to leave themselves an exit.”
“And you’re willing to risk the life of our foreman on that little hypothesis?” Mack quipped.
“I’d be okay with you going instead,” she shot back.  “And one more thing—these people have been in stasis for a long time.  There’s likely a big difference between pulling someone out after three hours versus three years.”
“Alright, settle down,” Taven said.  “If anybody’s going in, it’s me.  Ferah, do you think you can get me in?”
She was already tinkering with the pod’s side console, neglecting her sleeping patient.  “If I’m understanding this,” she started.
“And what if you aren’t?” Mack interrupted.
She shot daggers at him before continuing.  “It seems pretty simple.
“But you said before there’s no regression procedure,” Mack blurted out.
“We’ve already established that,” Taven said, getting tired of Mack’s incessant fussing.  Taven knew it was out of concern for him, but at the same time, Mack was the reason they were in this mess in the first place.
“Then there’s nothing I can do to stop you?” Mack said, stepping between Taven and Ferah.
“Look, it’s not a death sentence.  Ferah says she can get me out.”  He looked around Mack at her for support.  She nodded in approval.  “And there’s a fair chance I can find the exit from the inside.”
“But you don’t even know what inside means,” Mack insisted.  “All we’re going on is what Stevens was able to figure out.”
“But these people are somewhere,” Taven said.  “Their brains aren’t asleep, just their bodies.  We owe it our best shot.  Listen, if I can’t get through to them, we’ll drop this, send a rescue message to Meyer Corp and head home.  But in the meanwhile, I need your help.”
“You name it,” Mack said, responding to the tone of Taven’s voice.
“I need you to help Stevens, learn more about this ship, about the construct, and, if there’s a way, communicate what you find to me inside.  Especially if I’m gone for long.  And I need you to radio the St. George.  Make sure they follow us in case we get out of slicer range and need a pick-up.”
“I’ll do it,” Mack said, his eyes locked earnestly on Taven’s.
“Then get to work.  Now,” Taven said, slapping Mack on the shoulder.
The obedient second-in-command marched out of the room and left Taven and Ferah alone.
“That worked better than I thought,” Taven said with a grin.
“He’s nothing if not persistent,” Ferah said.
“One more time,” Taven said as he stepped closer to the pod.  “Is this thing going to kill me?  I mean, I didn’t want to talk this way around Mack or he would never let up.”
“The truth?”
Taven nodded.
“I have no idea,” she said flatly.  “At this point, you know as much as I do.  Everything you told Mack about it is accurate as far as I know.  But there’s just no way to know without waiting for Stevens or Mack to figure out more—”
“And we can’t wait for that.  Not with this thing drifting away from the Belt.”
“Agreed,” she said, looking down as if avoiding eye contact.
Not a good sign, Taven thought.  Finally, after a silence that felt like forever, Taven said, “Let’s get this over with.”
CHAPTER 6
AFTER FERAH EXPLAINED the induction procedure—it wasn’t complicated—and Taven was about to slide into the pod, his wrist console buzzed with an incoming message.  He glanced at it, expecting it to be from the St. George, but the icon showed it was a patched-through message from Earth.
“I’ve got to take this,” he told Ferah.  “I’ll be right back.”  He paused at the doorway.  “Should we do something with her?” he asked, pointing at the woman.
“I’ll continue to monitor her,” Ferah answered.  “I’m not too worried about her waking up.  Not after Mack gave her those horse tranquilizers.  After you go under, we can transport her to the St. George.  If that’s okay with you?”
Taven nodded though something about going under didn’t sit well with him, and he felt a bit of relief as he momentarily escaped his obligation and stepped out into the hallway.  There, he saw Stevens and Mack standing by the wall computer.  They waved and turned back to whatever they were doing.
Taven stepped around the corner, finding a quiet spot.  This was what all distant travelers who were lucky enough to receive messages from home did; like a dog looking for a place to hide its new-found bone, Taven needed a quiet place to unwrap his present.
He paused briefly, hesitating with the momentary question of what the message would bring before finally clicking the icon on his wrist console.
The screen flickered.  Then a familiar face, his wife Amy, appeared.  She smiled, and he had the urge to touch the screen, to feel her.
“Howdy, stranger,” she said with an accent that was only slightly exaggerated from her natural southern drawl.  “Miss me much?  Well, I know this is your last day—that is, if you got Mack to behave and get his work done.  That’s what your last message said anyway.  So . . . ”
She drew out the word and exhaled as if all those words had been hard work.  An inside joke that had lost its humor years ago but remained like some vestigial tail.  It was those kinds of things, the unnecessary details that really connected with you out in the Belt.  The little things that you forgot until you heard them again.
“Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that we miss you and that—oh, Evelynn’s at my mother’s, in case you’re wondering.  She misses you too.”
Taven scowled.  He missed his two-year-old little girl.  It was bad enough that he had to miss seeing her grow up, that she would think her daddy lived up in the sky like some venerated saint she never touched or felt.  But why couldn’t Amy put her on the video messages?  Why couldn’t she understand the importance of things like that?
“I just wanted to give you a heads-up about our plans for when you get home,” Amy continued.  “I’ve got it all set up.  Jamie and her family are going with us on a two-week tour of NorAsia.  She helped me find all these cute little bed-and-breakfast places that dot the countryside.  They have a natural history tour of the old rice plantations and a whale watching expedition that—get this—you can view them above and below the water.  And Shanghai is going to be spectacular.”
None of that sounded very good to Taven, especially the whale watching.  The last thing he wanted to do when he got home was to go aboard another ship.  She stopped and smiled through the screen.
He knew she was thinking of what he would say, what he would think about what she had just said.  And the fact that he knew she could accurately predict his reaction made it that much more frustrating.  It meant she knew he wouldn’t be happy with the planned trip.  The last thing he wanted to do was travel on his furlough, and she knew it.
He’d been away too long, too many times.  What he needed was something normal, something simple and fun.  He wanted to wrestle with Evelynn on the floor, make her laugh.  He wanted to wrestle with Amy later in the bedroom.  He wanted to eat cheeseburgers and fries down at Gus’s in Montreux, the next town over from where they lived.  He wanted some sitting around time, not sleeping in a different bed every night, spending all of his early-return bonus—something he may not even earn if things didn’t turn around soon.  And on top of it all, he was going to be stuck with Amy’s friend Jamie.  She was his least favorite person in the Milky Way, and she brought out the annoying qualities that ordinarily lay dormant in his wife.
He clicked off the message and fumed.  His frustration seemed to bubble up, increasing with intensity as he sat and pondered the situation.  Why did Amy want to spend every last credit they earned?  It seemed to him that the more he was away, the more she spent.  The more he earned—the pittance it was—the more extravagant the excursions.  He was digging his own grave one trip to the Belt at a time.  Just like his dad, and if he didn’t do something, change something soon, he was likely to catch a stray meteorite and come home in a body bag the same way his father had.
He loved his dad.  Or, at least, he thought he did.  The problem was he died when Taven was six, and the years when he was alive were mostly spent away in the Belt.  Taven didn’t want it to turn out that way again.  Not for himself, and especially not for Evelynn.
He wanted to send a message back, but he didn’t know where to start.  And the bitterness he felt for having to handle additional burdens during an already impossible situation promised to make things worse, clouding all objectivity.
So, he decided it could wait.  He could reply to Amy’s message after he finished whatever it was he had to do on the Hudson.  He told himself it wouldn’t take long, that it would probably be as simple as a conversation with the first inhabitant he could find.  Spread the word, warn them, and get out of there.
Then, maybe, he could think more clearly. 
CHAPTER 7
TAVEN WALKED THROUGH the doorway into the chamber with the pods, and for a split second he thought he’d entered the wrong room.  It was entirely possible, after all, since this whole ship was full of identical compartments.  But then Ferah stood up beside the opened pod, and he regained his orientation.  Except, the look she gave, her welcoming smile, disarmed him.
“There you are,” Ferah said.  “Everything alright?”
She seemed so genuine, and Taven felt his attraction for her surface again.  Once more, he hit the brakes, stifling his impulses.  He was doing it again, he knew.  But it was all artificial, he told himself.  She was young and beautiful, of course, but that never mattered much—not this much—on Earth.  It was only out here in the lonesome, away from Amy, and especially after that last message, that Ferah seemed so inviting.  He reminded himself that the only real reason she paid him attention was because he was her boss.
“Yeah, everything’s good.  Just had a message from home.”
“Oh, that’s great,” she said.  Then, seeming to read his expression, she added, “I think.”
“Yeah.  Sure,” he said as if he was trying to convince himself.  “It’s all good.  Alright, Doc.  Tell me what to do.”
“I’ve done a bit more digging since you left,” she said.  “It seems pretty simple.  We’ll just put her cap on you, close the pod so you don’t float away, and the computer should do the rest.”
“What about the tubes she had in her mouth?”
“The respirator and food tubes aren’t necessary, not for as long as you’re going to be under.  If you seem a bit puny, I can always give you IV fluids myself.”
Then she placed her hands on the open pod as if she was a display model on one of those old-fashioned game shows from the twentieth century.  “Climb in, big boy.”  She immediately caught her inappropriate informality, and her perennially tanned cheeks threatened to blush.
Taven reached down and released his magnetic boots, the one piece of his spacesuit he was still wearing, and immediately his body began to rise.  He grabbed the edge of the pod.
“I’ve got you,” Ferah said, as she placed her hands on his hips, steadying him.  He liked the way it felt for someone to touch him, the way her hands felt small and delicate.  “It’s okay.  Let go,” she said.
He did, and she effortlessly swung his body into a lateral position.  Then, gently, she positioned him into the pod.  She placed one hand on his chest, pinning him into the glass pod, and with the other hand she grabbed a belt and pulled it over him and fastened him in.  Then she did the same with another belt by his knees.
“There, that ought to do it,” she said.  “Now for the neuronal interface.”  Floating above them was the cap the woman had worn.  To Taven, it looked like an impossible knot of spiderweb-thin wires, and he had the distinct sensation of disgust when he noticed the cap’s flesh-like color and pliability.
Ferah grabbed the object expertly, making the impossible look easy.  As she attempted to squeeze the cap onto Taven’s head, it became apparent that his head was bigger than the woman’s.
“Lift up a bit,” she said as she reached one hand behind his head and pulled the tight elastic skull cap.
She stood back and assessed the situation.
“Well?” Taven asked, wondering if his hair would mess up the neuronal interface.
“It ain’t pretty, but it should work,” she said finally.  Then she walked around to the other side of the pod where the small console was.  “Okay, just relax.  This shouldn’t hurt.”
Taven started to protest that she couldn’t have picked a worse expression if she wanted him to relax, but the pod’s glass doors quickly wrapped over him, shutting him off from the outside world, and he knew his words wouldn’t be heard.
He tried to relax, but this felt like a nightmare: tied down inside a glass coffin.  He wasn’t buried alive, but that seemed like a distinction without a difference.  If he’d had time to think about what he was getting himself into, he probably would have lost his nerve before getting into the pod.
Just as his emotions were reaching a fevered pitch, threatening to send him into a full-blown panic, Taven saw a streak of light pass before his eyes.  It was fast, like a shooting star, but the colors were deep, dark, vibrant: blues, greens, purples.  Like the northern lights.  More streaks of light, then blips of darkness, like he was watching a vid console that had a faulty connection.
At first the colors were both stimulating and calming, distracting him from his thoughts.  But the blackness, the dark blips, revved up his fear again.
The light and dark moments continued alternating, and each time the sensations became more intense and lasted longer until the point when he could no longer see outside the pod’s glass anymore. He knew that Ferah could still see him.  He hoped so, at least.
Just as he reached a dark blip that no longer constituted that descriptor—it seemed to go on for several minutes, and he felt his heartrate rise as the buried-alive-sensation promised to overwhelm him—the lights came back on, vivid as before, but this time they weren’t streaks.  They were merely colors.
He squinted, rubbing his eyes as if he’d been asleep for hours, and then it hit him: his hands weren’t tied down.  He looked around and a rush of vertigo struck him as he noticed he was no longer lying in a pod but was standing upright.
He stuck his hands out as if he was falling and needed to grab hold of something.  And to his surprise, his hands found purchase:  He squeezed a bathroom sink, the old-fashioned kind of porcelain white that was impossible to keep clean.  Yet this one was spic and span.
Taven released his I’m-about-to-vomit grip of the sink and examined his surroundings.  He was in a small bathroom.  Nothing fancy.  But wholly unfamiliar.
He was in.  He must be.  This was the construct.  He saw himself in the mirror and recognized he was wearing different clothes, a fashion he didn’t recognize.
He continued to gaze deeply at his reflection.  It wasn’t the clothes that bothered him.  Something else wasn’t right.
He moved his face closer to the mirror, and then it struck him.  The scar that had been with him for years was absent.  He touched his face for confirmation.
It was his face, but it was younger and wrinkle free.  He could have sworn he’d regained five years of youthful looks and vigor.  In fact, he couldn’t remember feeling this good before, like his entire mind and body were beaming with light and energy.
He examined his new clothes.  He wore tall leather boots over brown pants and a long poncho.  He looked like a gaucho, and he had a chuckle at what seemed like absurd garb.  He grabbed himself, turning from left to right, surveying his new self.
Then he grabbed his clothing and lifted to reveal his exposed torso.  What he saw was more shocking than his missing scar: muscles upon muscles crammed in tightly together across his waist and chest.  He was the iconic image of health and vitality.
He dropped the clothing down and noticed his jaw-dropped expression turn to a smirk.  “No wonder she didn’t want to wake up,” he said.
Then he noticed the small window with frosted glass and filtered light coming in.  There was an outside to this place, it seemed.  He turned to the only visible door and examined the brass handle.  It looked slightly worn, used by a previous tenant, perhaps.
He didn’t know why, but he must have stared at the handle for thirty seconds.  And when he finally reached for it, he noticed his hand shook in anticipation.
CHAPTER 8
THE NEXT SEVERAL moments were a blur.  Taven had the unique experience of living out one of everyone’s secret fantasies: pilfering through someone else’s home and belongings with no risk of being caught, of no negative consequences.
The home was a Craftsman style house, an older design, like some of the historic sites he’d visited with wooden floors and painted sheetrock walls.  Several times he scared himself by the creaks and cracks he made walking on the hardwood floor, an unfamiliar experience.  But despite its antiquated structure, the house felt familiar somehow.
The kitchen’s technology held true to the historic style: a behemoth refrigerator with the compressor visibly on top, an early era microwave with a mechanical wind-up timer, and the kind of gas range that Taven had only seen pictures of.
He opened the heavy refrigerator door and peered inside.  It was replete with food he hadn’t had since his last furlough on Earth including two marinating steaks, fruit of all kinds, and—in the very back of the fridge—Red Runner IPA.  It was cheap beer but his favorite, nonetheless.  He thought about popping one open, but he promised himself he’d grab one later, on his way out.  Right now, he needed to keep his head.
He spun in circles, examining each facet of his new surroundings.  It was full of oddities, small gadgets and knickknacks from a bygone era, and, somehow, they were exquisitely complete, belonging together in the exact right places.  It was a level of feng shui that Taven had never witnessed before, and he found himself in joyous rapture over the look and feel of simple, everyday—albeit less contemporary—items.  He couldn’t explain it.  It just felt good.
As he passed the dining room window, he stopped to appreciate the view: The backyard was ideal.  Muted green grass met a wooden perimeter fence.  It was a snowless winter, and there were two ancient looking maples that had lost their leaves months before.  Taven thought how glorious they must have been in the autumn season.
Beyond the fence were woods that rolled gently for what looked like miles before swiftly rising, turning into a steep mountain whose snow-covered peaks touched the sky.
Images flooded his mind, a rural paradise he conjured where he could spend days or years hiking and exploring.  Something about the view and the possibilities it evoked made Taven ache deep inside.  It was soul ache; a suffocated part of himself that suddenly gasped air for the first time in years.
Taven turned his back to the window, and he felt regret that he was here on a mission, that none of this was real and that whatever he felt while he was here would never be substantive.  He decided then and there to keep himself in check.  He wasn’t on vacation.  He was on a mission: to warn the passengers and get out.
“What do I do now?” he asked himself.
The only idea he had was to keep exploring the home.  There had to be a way to converse with the other passengers, but so far, he hadn’t seen any communication tech.  He was inside a pre-internet house, and he hadn’t even seen a telephone.
He decided to head upstairs, and when he began climbing, the wooden planks creaked loudly, surprising him again.  He passed the first landing and started up the second flight of stairs.  He moved faster, his excitement and sense of adventure returning.
The upper floor was simple, a series of three bedrooms, and two seemed unused.  The master bedroom—Taven assumed it was the master bedroom because of its size and the attached bathroom—had that same familiar feeling he experienced in the kitchen; everything was in its right place.
He opened the closet, expecting to find the woman’s clothing, but he found more outfits like the one he was wearing.  Apparently, the construct was not only changing his appearance but also the contents of this home.
As he turned back around from the closet, he noticed two pictures on the bedside table that he didn’t remember seeing before.  He moved closer and realized they were photos of Amy and Evelynn.  He didn’t recognize the pictures, didn’t remember when or where they had been taken, but there they were.  They were crystal clear, beautiful, and he fought off a tear at the sight of his daughter’s face.
After deciding there was nothing left to uncover upstairs, Taven descended the staircase and moved toward what he assumed would be the front door.  Before he got there, he was dumbstruck by the view out the dining room window, the same window he had looked out minutes before.
“Those trees,” he muttered.  He stared at them as if they would change, confess their deceit, but they stood stoically firm with brilliant red leaves decorating their crown.
“The season changed,” he said.
The first question was, how?  But he quickly admitted the foolishness in that line of thinking; this world was a computer-generated construct.  Fall was as easy to make as winter.  The real question was, why?
He probed his mind for the answer, and it became obvious.  This world, this house and its contents, changed to accommodate his desires.  Plain and simple—that was it.
He shook off his astonishment and reminded himself to keep it together.  He was acutely aware of the rush of adrenaline and dopamine in his system, the inevitable rise of ego and vanity that reared their heads when the promise of unlimited power became a reality.
He wondered how willing people would be to leave this place after spending months or years in it.  Real life, reality, might be too unpleasant, too unpalatable.
“Where is everyone anyway?” he asked out loud.
The backyard, beautiful as it was, didn’t seem to promise any encounters.  Maybe there was a front yard with a street like the suburban neighborhoods this old house purported to belong to.
He moved through the den until he reached a heavy oaken door with a smoked glass window through which light filtered in.
“That must be it,” he said.  And he grabbed the handle to open it.  When he did, the door itself changed and became translucent with bright, intense light that hurt Taven’s eyes.
He let go immediately and stepped back.  Now there was no door there, no real door anyway.  And he was briefly reminded of the absurdity of the moment, that he was thinking about real and unreal in an entirely artificial reality.
Before he even knew what he was doing, Taven felt himself move forward, his feet thinking for him.  He reached out his hand to test the portal.  When he touched it, his hand passed through and disappeared behind its membrane.
His arm felt cool, but then he realized he couldn’t actually feel his hand behind the doorway.  He pulled back reflexively but to no avail.  The doorway had him.  He couldn’t retract no matter how hard he pulled.  If anything, he was losing ground, being slowing sucked into the portal.
“None of this is real,” he reassured himself.  Then he swallowed hard, relaxed his body, and let the doorway draw him into the vortex.
CHAPTER 9
THE VORTEX DREW Taven in, and as his face disappeared through the membrane, Taven saw the same glow, the same streams of lights he had seen when he first went under in the sleep pod.
But then the fantastic colors disappeared in an instant, replaced by blackness.  Taven tried to feel in the dark, but he was discombobulated, his hands and feet not even feeling like they were attached, that he was bodiless in form.
Then like the first stars at dusk, tiny lights began to emerge.  One by one, they shot out through the darkness, a cascaded emergence that painted four walls, alive with digital activity.
Taven looked down at his hands.  They were there, though dimly lit, and he felt a wave of relief that he, though part of this artificial construct, still existed.
Before he could make total sense of his surroundings, a vid-screen suddenly projected over one entire wall.  On it appeared a woman’s face, black shoulder length hair with bangs and green glowing eyes.
Taven was stunned by her larger than life size and by her intriguing appearance.
“Hello, my name is Cat.  Welcome to the Hudson Colony,” she said with a subtle Aussie accent.
“Thank you,” Taven replied.  “My name is—”
“Undoubtedly, you were taught in the training modules as you traveled here with other passengers about what to expect in this new world you’ll be calling home,” she interrupted.
Apparently, this was a prerecorded message, Taven realized.
“As you were told, your home is your castle.  No one can forcibly enter this world of yours without your expressed permission.  And, as I hope you noticed, this domicile is designed with adaptive programming, allowing your home to mold to your likes and dislikes.”
“That would have been nice to have known,” Taven said, though he’d figured it out himself.
“Our new home, our new universe is specifically built with our organization’s founding principles at its core.  You are here because you agree that the initiation of force is anathema to living a virtuous life.”
“Crazy cult,” Taven yawned.
“So, it should be no surprise that the worlds you are able to choose from now preserve this basic ethic.  Only activities expressly welcomed by the world’s creators are permissible, which means you must pay attention to the delimiting codes of conduct.  Don’t worry.  You’ll know if you misunderstand, and soon these multiworlds will hum with harmonious synergy.  You’ve paid a high price to be here, but I’m certain you will soon find your place as together we roll out the next phase of conscious human civilization.”
She paused and looked directly into Taven’s eyes as if she could really see him and said, “This is the first day of your new life of freedom.  The Hudson Colony welcomes you.”
Then the screen disappeared, and the backlighting brightened so that Taven could better see the consoles that surrounded him on every wall.  They were stacked to the ceiling.
Taven thought for a moment.  Somehow, he was supposed to enter another construct from here, but he had no idea how.  Cat, as she called herself, had said nothing about how to navigate, choosing instead to speak the gibberish platitudes of her cult.
“Computer, how do I enter a different construct?” he asked.
There was no response.  Apparently, this system didn’t use voice recognition.  How primitive, he thought.
“Alright, I guess I’ll just have to start pushing buttons.  Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” he told the computer that wasn’t listening.
At random, Taven stepped up to one of the consoles, peering at its symbols.  Fortunately, the writing was in Commerce, the common language of the last two-hundred years.  Then he had the thought that the computer might be translating it for him, that it could be originally in any number of languages and that he would never be the wiser.
“Whoa,” he said.  “That’s trippy.”
Each line on the console had what appeared to be a name followed by symbols that Taven didn’t understand.  Most had question marks, exclamation marks, and other punctuation marks or language symbols that either were in bold type or had slashes through them.
Just as Taven started to press one arbitrarily, he caught sight of what he figured was a constructed world called Streetside Café.  The name didn’t impress him so much as the lack of language symbols that followed it plus the bold print word UNRESTRICTED.
“Unrestricted—that sounds right,” Taven said.  “Here goes nothing.”  And he pressed the line of text.
At first, nothing happened.  Then he felt what was becoming a familiar sensation as the lights darkened and streams of color flashed before his eyes.
CHAPTER 10
TAVEN CAME THROUGH the portal and found himself standing at one end of a long city street.  Small two and three-story buildings greeted him on each side with their humble charm.  He tried to place them, put them in a historic context.  But this wasn’t history, it was a constructed world, he remembered.  And there was a mixture of contemporary and older elements: new, bright shining vehicles—though none of them were being driven; they were all parked on one side of the street—and the buildings with orange-red stucco walls with Spanish tile roofs seemed to be early twentieth century.
The air felt warm and dry, and Taven squinted from the midday sun.  Up ahead, he could hear people: quiet chattering and clinking of cups and silverware.
He suddenly felt a rush of nerves at the prospect of running into someone, interacting with a stranger, a veritable lucid Hudson colonist.
Taven realized he was standing in the center of the street, and he shifted over to the sidewalk and began moving toward the sound of people.  As he did, he saw into the windows of the buildings he passed.  He expected to see people or, at least, their shadows, but buildings were dark and empty.  He wondered if they were really used or were just uninhabited props for this world.
Moments later, he glimpsed the source of the sounds.  It was people, alright—approximately two dozen of them, and they all seemed to be armed.  Some carried pistols in holsters.  Others had automatic rifles or energy weapons with slings over their shoulders.  Some sat out on the street in what looked like a sidewalk café, except they were sprawled out onto the road, blocking it.  No wonder there was no traffic, he thought.
Just then, one of the Hudsonites seemed to spot Taven.  The big muscular man was leaning up against a pillar that supported the pergola covering half of the outdoor seating area.  He had long dark hair and wore sunglasses that hid his eyes, and in one hand he held a half-empty bottle of some clear distilled drink.
Taven couldn’t help but feel intimidated by this drunken Samson character who gestured to one of his nearby companions that they had company.
Two other ruffians stood by Samson, forming a defensive line as if Taven represented some threat to the men who were a head taller and fifty pounds of muscle heavier.
“Hello.  My name is Taven.  I’m—”
“Not from around here,” one of the men interrupted.
“That’s correct.  I’m from outside the construct.  I’m not a Hudson colonist at all.  I’m here to warn you.  Your ship is in danger.”
The three men remained expressionless, and Taven wondered if they were really sentient, whether they might be computer generated as well.
Finally, Samson spoke, “Huh.  That’s a new one.”
“I don’t think you understand,” Taven pleaded.  “I’m a foreman on an astro-mining ship, and we accidentally hit the Hudson.”
As if a switch was flipped, the three men roared in laughter.  “I would’ve liked to have seen your face when you did that,” shouted one of the men before taking another swig of drink.
“This is serious,” Taven said with a more assertive tone.
The three men stiffened, seeming to recognize the challenge in his voice.  Samson said, “Yeah, what are you going to do about it?”
“Look, it’s not like that,” Taven said, waving his hands in surrender.  “I’m just saying you don’t have long before the ship is going to lose orbit and crash.”
“Into what?” said a nearby woman who looked like she was half pirate, half biker.
“Well, I don’t exactly know what yet.  But it’s going to happen,” Taven said.
“Sounds like a scheme by Richardson and his bunch,” said another bystander.
“Exactly!  This is the kind of stunt they would pull,” Samson said.
“No, no, no,” Taven insisted.  “I’m not kidding.  This is for real.  Look, I need to talk to someone in charge.”
“Take it up with Cat!” Samson yelled, and the whole joint laughed in chorus.
Realizing this was going nowhere, Taven broke off from the main group and approached some of the people sitting at the tables in the street.  But as he did, he had the sudden understanding of what it was like to be a street peddler, a vagrant begging for his supper.  Because each table he approached waved him off, and most wouldn’t even look him in the eye.  Their only answer, if they responded, was the same: “Take it up with Cat.”
Taven was the end-of-the-world doomsday preacher, and even in this simulated universe, no one listened to Chicken Little.
Just as he had accosted the last table, he heard a sound in the distance.  It was only vaguely familiar, like something he’d heard in a movie.  But apparently, all the café people recognized it, because everyone moved inside or took cover, unsheathing their firearms at the same time.
Taven, in the middle of the street, turned to locate the source of the sound.  The rumble came from a small single propeller airplane, the kind he’d seen in museums and old black-and-white films.
He squinted again, the sunlight trying to blind him, but as the small blip in the sky came closer, Taven thought he could make out its pilot, someone dressed in Red Barron garb with helmet, goggles, and scarf.
Right as his confused mind generated the first instinct to ‘do as the Romans do’ and take cover, the solo pilot ripped up the sidewalk with heavy machine gun fire.
Taven tried to run, but the once slow seeming plane was now close and moving near the speed of sound.  The fighter plane strafed the café, riddling everything in sight with bullets.
Taven felt the white-hot lead tear through his legs and torso, pummeling him to the ground.
As the plane flew away, Samson and his cronies ran into the street and fired their weapons toward the attacker.
“Take that!” shouted one of them.
“Yeah, there’s more where that came from,” said another.
When the cacophony of gunfire ended, one of the gangsters spotted Taven.  “Look!  Richardson’s plan failed after all!”  Then the whole crew burst into laughter.
Taven was too hurt to even comprehend the cruelty of this moment.  He reached his hands to his belly and felt the warm blood oozing effortlessly from his wounds.
He tried to move, but something was badly wrong with his legs, and he couldn’t bring himself to look at them.  He was dying.  Bleeding out.  The pain was too real and the horror too strong for Taven to be comforted by the fact that this wasn’t real life.  He couldn’t really die in here, could he?
Taven tried to breath with what he figured must be a collapsed lung while futilely covering gaping wounds with his hands.  The problem—one of his problems—was that he had more wounds than hands, and this game of whack-a-mole was one he couldn’t win.
Writhing in agony, Taven spotted movement far down the street.  He shouldn’t have cared, except some part of him recognized the figure, told him to care.  He gazed intently at a woman crossing the road.
Suddenly, it hit him.  It was Ferah.  What was she doing here? he wondered.
“Ferah!  Over here.  I need your help.”
His cry was faint, and she didn’t seem to notice him.  He wondered why she was so distant and why she was dressed in the brown short skirt she wore.  She was gorgeous, but none of that mattered right now.  He tried one more time with all that was left inside.
“Ferah!  Help!”
This time she seemed to hear him.  Halfway across the street, she slowed but didn’t stop as she turned her head and smiled knowingly in his direction.
Taven’s head spun out of control, and the pain that had become his dominating truth slowly released its grasp of him as he slipped out of consciousness.
CHAPTER 11
WAKING UP WOULD be the wrong word for it.  It was more like someone gradually turned on the lights from dim to bright.  And while it happened, Taven was barely aware, barely conscious of the whole thing.
After what seemed like hours—during which Taven wasn’t bored, wasn’t scared, and didn’t care about the passing of time—he was suddenly back in front of the mirror in his new home.  As soon as he became conscious, he instinctively crouched as if to take cover and grabbed himself where his wounds had been.
Then he saw himself in the mirror, and he felt a moment of joy and relief that what had seemed so real was no more.  He couldn’t help but pull his shirt up again.  This time it was to be sure his wounds were gone.  They were, and quickly his attention turned to admiring his magnificent physique that would be impossible in the real world.
On the mirror before him, a written message appeared.
VIOLENCE DETECTED IN PREVIOUS ITERATION.
DELETE?
OR
SAVE?
Taven stared at the words, trying to make since of them.  Yeah, there had been violence alright.  More violence than he’d ever experienced.  Until then, the most traumatic event he’d had was the accident that had given him his scar.
Apparently, the construct allowed him to change his very memories.  If an event was too traumatic, he could simply delete the memory.
Although it was tempting, Taven decided to keep what had happened.  He needed the information he had gathered.  He pressed SAVE, and the mirror returned to normal.
Taven exited the bathroom and suddenly felt the urge to eat.  Was it mealtime already?  It certainly felt like it had been several hours since he entered the construct.  He decided he would test his environ.
As he approached the refrigerator, he drew up the image of an Italian sub with all the fixings, the kind he’d had from Gus’s in Montreux.  The owners there had been of the old guard, doing things the way their parents and grandparents had done it with all the unhealthy cured meats and oil-infused pickled peppers.
He held his breath as he opened the refrigerator door.  Sure enough, wrapped in white deli paper was the spitting image of Taven’s dream sub.  He grabbed it like a greedy scavenger and retreated away from the fridge in hopes of finding a safe place to eat it.
He crashed on the couch in the living room, which ordinarily would be a big no-no back home.  ‘Think of the crumbs,’ a voice in his head said.  ‘Don’t get grease on the cushions,’ spoke another admonishment.
He smiled, knowing that if this construct was consistent, he could make any mess he could imagine, walk out of the room, and it would all be gone the next time he entered.  Or, at the very least, he could trash this place and leave the aftermath to whomever when he left the construct.
His pure joyous moment suddenly waned in its intensity, tainted by the question:  How was he getting out of here?
No answers came, except that if things got too far off track, Ferah and Mack would pull him out of the pod.
Ferah.  How had he forgotten her?  He recounted his vision of her, far down the street with a seductive dress and that smile.  What was she doing inside the construct? he wondered.  She must have entered through another pod.  But why?  What would prompt her to come in after him?
Maybe there’s something wrong, he thought.  Maybe they couldn’t wake him, and she had taken it upon herself to rescue him.
But that didn’t make since either.  If she was there to help, why hadn’t she come to his aid as he bled out?
Taven put down his sandwich on the coffee table.  Gone were all the good feelings it had given him, and so was his appetite.  He rose and headed for the door.  He had to get answers.  What choice did he really have?
He entered the doorway, and after the room came to life, the message screen appeared like before when Cat had given her welcome speech.  Taven wondered if he’d get the same dumb message every time he entered the door, but he was glad to see Mack’s face appear on the screen instead.
“Boss-man, I hope this gets to you.  We tried to find a more direct way to communicate, but this programming . . . Stevens says it’s really cumbersome to alter and that there are all kinds of safeguards in place to maintain the rules of the game.”
Taven felt comfort hearing Mack’s voice.  He was an idiot half the time, but he had a good heart and was surprisingly resourceful at times.
“Anyway,” Mack continued, “this is the best we could do.  If you’re getting this, you need to find someone who calls herself Cat.  She, apparently, runs the joint.”
Taven’s spirits were quickly dashed.  He had seen Cat.  She was a talking head and didn’t answer direct questions.  “They don’t realize she’s an avatar or CGI or whatever,” Taven said.
“Find her if you can.  She’s your best shot at reaching the rest of the Hudson colonists,” Mack said.  “We’ve also figured some things out about these different constructs you can enter.”
That would have been nice to have known before hand, Taven thought.
“There are restricted and unrestricted constructs.  Basically, the unrestricted constructs are the wild west where anything goes.”
No kidding.
“The restricted areas each have their own rules, most of which should be listed in their descriptions.  We can’t exactly tell how things look to you in there.  But there should be markings of some kind warning you about what those places are like.  Well, that’s all we got right now.  Wish we could talk directly.  We’ll keep working on our end and let you know what we discover.  Mack out.”
The screen blipped, then changed to a different screen:
RESPOND?
SAVE?
DELETE?
Taven selected RESPOND.  Suddenly, his own face was on the screen and a blinking red light indicated he was recording a message.
“Got your last message.  I’ve seen Cat.  She doesn’t respond to questions,” Taven said.  “What do I need to do if I can’t find her, or if she’s an automaton?  Taven out.”
He selected the SEND MESSAGE icon at the bottom of the screen and waited.  The screen acknowledged he had sent the message.  Taven wondered if they would respond immediately.  Why wouldn’t they?  Why couldn’t they have a live chat, even?
Taven stood with his arms crossed for what felt like fifteen minutes.  He didn’t exactly know how long he’d waited because he didn’t have a clock or time keeping device with him.  The wall consoles didn’t have any either.  Now that he thought of it, Taven couldn’t remember seeing clocks anywhere in the house.  Even that period piece, the microwave, didn’t have the iconic blinking digital clock.  Strange indeed, he thought.
After giving up on an immediate response from Mack, Taven started investigating different constructs on the wall consoles.  There were thousands of them, he figured.  And most had restrictions.
He found one that was listed as Fulbright 12.  It had restrictions, but he didn’t know what they meant.  They read:
FULBRIGHT 12-  ANON  ???  !!!
“Can’t be any worse than getting strafed by a fighter pilot,” Taven said as he selected the construct.
The lights flashed, then blackness, and finally there was nothing but bright, blinding white light.  He felt like he was somewhere, his feet finding purchase on some invisible floor, but the whiteness, like an opaque mist that choked out all visual senses, enveloped him.
“Hello,” he said, meekly.
“We are one.  We are many,” said a male voice nearby.
Taven stopped moving.  He felt like he was standing right next to the voice, and he was afraid he would run into the stranger.  Slowly, he groped with his hands for the hidden man, but—defying logic—there was no one.
“I am Taven.  I come from outside the Hudson.”
“There are many ways to carry a conversation.  I don’t find your input to be aggressive,” he said.  “Limits are what make us free.”
“Yes, well.  That’s all fine, I guess.  But there’s danger out there,” Taven said.
“Of course, there is,” he said.  “That’s why I’m here.”
“But you aren’t getting it.  Don’t you want to know about the ship?”
Suddenly and without warning, Taven was back in the room inside the door.  “What the…”
He looked at the construct listings.  They were the same except Fulbright 12 was faded out.  He tried to select it, but it didn’t respond.  He was locked out, it seemed.
“Whatever,” he said, perplexed.  He found another restricted world at random.
CANTERA 5- :)  ???  !!!
He chuckled at the antiquated emoticon and noticed this one had lines through question marks and had exclamation marks.  “What the heck?” he said, selecting the listing.
Like before, he flashed through to another construct.  This one was different.  It didn’t have the all-encompassing white light.  Instead, it looked like an old underground subway system that had had its rails closed off, leaving a hallway with concrete floors, fluorescent lighting, and damp subterranean air.
Taven stood at the foot of a flight of concrete stairs.  He glanced up.  They seemed like they went on forever.  He turned around and looked down the long hallway.  It too seemed to go on endlessly, but he had the sense he was supposed to go that way.
As he stepped forward, doorways on both walls became visible.  They didn’t look like the old hinged wooden doors of his house or even the automatic doors of the St. George.  Instead, they were like the door that had led him here; it was translucent, alive with digital potential.
He noticed there were lights above the doors.  So far, they had all shown two red lights.  Red’s the universal color for no go, Taven thought.
Then, the next door appeared to be different.  Its translucence was more vibrant, and he thought he could actually see inside its compartment.  Above the door was a single blue light.
“Might as well try it,” Taven said as he reached his hand to the doorway.  As he expected, he was dematerialized and reconstituted all in the blink of an eye.  Now, he sat at a booth as if he were back at Gus’s.  Across the table from him sat a figure cloaked all in black with a hood and robe.  The lighting wasn’t good, and Taven had trouble making out the person’s face in the shadow cast by their hood.
“Hello,” Taven finally said.
The figure raised their hands and lowered the hood, revealing an older woman with white hair.  She smiled bravely and stared into Taven’s eyes with a directness and intensity that unnerved him.
“Hello,” she said softly.  This was the first older person Taven had seen on the Hudson.  It made sense, he thought, that not all the passengers would be young.  Then again, there was no way to know this person really looked this way outside the construct.  She could be ten years old as far as he knew.
“My name is Taven Smith.  I’m from outside the construct, outside the Hudson.”
Her eyebrows raised slightly.  “I see,” she said.
“I’m here to warn you, to warn everybody.  The Hudson is in danger.  We bumped her out of orbit accidently.  Someone who knows how to run the ship needs to come out of the construct and fix it.”
“Well, Murphy’s law and all that,” she said with a grin.
“I don’t think you understand.  Something’s really wrong.  This isn’t a joke or a simulation.  It’s real.”
She paused for a moment, resumed her scrutinizing gaze that made Taven feel uncomfortable, and then finally said, “I believe you really are an outsider.”
“That’s what I said,” he pleaded in exasperation.  He told himself to calm down and be patient.  This was as far as he had gotten with anyone on the Hudson.
“Perhaps there are things you don’t understand about the Hudson, Mr. Smith.”
“Perhaps so,” Taven said with renewed coolness in his voice.
She reached down inside her robe, and Taven had the distinct fear that she was about to pull out a weapon.  Instead, she placed a dark green ball of yarn on the table.  Another reach inside, and she had two knitting hooks, and she commenced to work on what looked like the beginnings of a scarf.
Taven stared in dismay.  “Well, aren’t you going to tell me?  What don’t I understand about the Hudson?”
The old lady looked up with a flash of surprise on her face, but before she could speak, Taven was whisked away back to the door.
“Blast it all!” he said when he realized he’d been kicked out again.  He found the Cantera listing.  It was now like the Fulbright construct, faded out and unclickable.
He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.  How was he supposed to warn these people when they had all these invisible rules he didn’t understand?  The old woman was right; there are things about the Hudson he didn’t understand, but none of that would matter if he couldn’t carry on a conversation with someone for more than thirty seconds.
“Let’s think this through,” he told himself.  He looked at the two faded out constructs.  “What’s the same?  What’s different?”
Both Fulbright and Cantera were restricted worlds, he knew.  The first was anonymous, and the second let him see faces.  That’s what the smiley face emoticon must have meant.  But they both had the slashed-through punctuation marks.
What had he done right before he had been kicked out?  He replayed the events in his mind, and then it hit him; he’d asked questions.  And maybe that’s what the slashed through question mark meant.  They didn’t want to be asked questions.  He replayed the events once more, and as far as he could remember the Hudsonites hadn’t asked him questions either.  That was it!
With new confidence, he searched the walls for a restricted room without the slashed-through question marks.  He found one:
SILVERTON COMPLEX- ANON  ???  !!!
This one looked to be another anonymous construct, and he had no idea what the exclamation marks were about.  Maybe you weren’t supposed to get excited or raise your voice.  But, presumably, this one allowed questions.
He quickly punched the selection, and immediately he flashed through, except this time, it seemed he never arrived.  There was no white impenetrable curtain of smoke, just darkness.
“Hello.  Anybody here?” he asked.
Well that settled the question marks, Taven realized.  He had unwittingly asked a question right off the bat.
To his surprise, a disembodied voice rang out loudly.  “Yes, who wants to know?”
Okay, this guy likes the lights off, Taven thought.  “Taven Smith.  I’m from outside the construct, from outside the Hudson.  I’m here to warn you all.”
“About what, Mr.?”
This guy didn’t play around, Taven thought.  And he’s asking questions too.  This was good.
“The Hudson was hit with a chunk of asteroid and knocked out of orbit.”
“So?”
“So,” Taven huffed, “you and your fellow passengers are in danger.  Without a stable orbit, the Hudson will spin off and crash into something a lot bigger and more damaging than an asteroid.”
“That would stink,” the grouchy voice said with an air of sarcasm.
“I’m not here to boss people around,” Taven said.
“Darn straight,” the voice chimed.
“But how can I get this message across to the whole ship?  People need to know.”
“You can’t,” the voice said simply.
“But there must be someone in charge, somebody I can contact who can do more about this.”
“Take it up with Cat.”
There it was again, that phrase the ruffians had used at the café.  But it didn’t make sense; Cat was a talking head and nothing more.  Or was she?
“How do I talk to Cat?”
“How should I know?  She doesn’t answer to me or anyone else for that matter.”
“Then why even mention her?  I mean, what’s the point if she can’t be reached?”
“She’s a slim hope, I guess, but she’s all you got in this place.  If you want something changed, she’s the only one that has the power to make it happen.  Gee, I don’t want to be rude,” the voice said in a way that obviously was untrue, “but I’m getting tired of this line of questioning.  What else do you like talking about?”
Taven’s mind skipped a beat.  How could anyone ignore something so serious as their ship going down?
“I don’t wish to be rude either, but I don’t think you are grasping the seriousness of this situation,” Taven said sharply.
“Oh, really?”
“No.  Not if you have any intention of living long.”
“Is that a fact?” the voice said with smug superiority.
“Yes.  I need you to try a little harder.  Where can I find Cat, or where can I find someone who knows where she is?”
“I’ve already answered you.”
“No, you haven’t,” Taven said, raising his voice.  “Tell me now!”
Instantly, Taven reappeared in the door room.  He’d been kicked out a third time, but before he could express his anger and frustration, the wall screen reappeared with Cat’s face.
“You have broken the rules of conduct in privately restricted constructs.  For the purpose of maintaining a peaceful and voluntary society, you are officially on probation for a period of one week during which time you are only allowed to visit unrestricted constructs.  In the meanwhile, please review the policy handbook you were given at the commencement ceremony.  In it you will find all you need to know to prevent this infraction from occurring again in the future.”
“Great,” Taven said.  “A week—how do I even know when that’s over?”
The video screen disappeared, and Taven noticed that more than half of the constructs listed on the walls were faded out, off limits.  He raised his fists and pounded against them.
“Restricted constructs off-limits,” a digital voice said.
Taven fumed and closed his eyes.  He told himself, yet again, that none of this was real, that he shouldn’t get angry about a made-up world with made-up rules.  He still didn’t know how to leave this place and return back to the pod, and he’d done no good whatsoever in warning these people who seemed determined to keep their collective heads in the sand.
He searched his mind for something, anything that might work.  Then a trivial but pleasurable thought came to him: the sandwich he never finished.  He was hungry, somehow, and a Gus’s Italian sub sounded better than ever.  Maybe he could manifest the sandwich with a tall dark stout to wash it down.  Yeah, that was the ticket.  He deserved a break from this madness.
He opened his eyes and intended to walk back into his abode, but as he did, he noticed a red blinking light on one of the consoles.  It read ‘message received.’
“Now who could that be?”
He clicked the console and a text message appeared on the same screen on which Cat’s image had appeared.  It read:
“Taven, come to Sector Fifteen.  And bring a weapon.”
CHAPTER 12
I’LL NEVER GET to eat that sandwich,” Taven said aloud after processing the message.  He had no idea who it was from or what he was supposed to do when he got to Sector Fifteen.
He found the construct on the console.  It was an unrestricted world, and the command to bring a gun didn’t make him jump for joy at the idea of entering another place like the café.  Plus, he had no idea how to bring a weapon.  The computer didn’t respond to voice commands, he knew, so he was at a loss for how to proceed.
He examined the listing for Sector Fifteen more carefully.  It read:
SECTOR FIFTEEN-  UNRESTRICTED  +
There were countless other constructs that were unrestricted, but few had the + symbol afterwards.  He had a hunch, but he was scared to act upon it.  What did he have to lose? he figured as he gingerly touched the + symbol.
Immediately, the listing unfolded with new labels beneath it:
CLOTHING
ARMAMENT
TECH
VEHICLES
He gazed at the items, bewildered by their existence.  “This is starting to feel more like a game than I’d like,” he said as he clicked on the ARMAMENT tab.
A new list of items appeared below:
HANDGUNS
RIFLES
EXPLOSIVES
ENERGY WEAPONS
MISC.
Feeling like he was in over his head, he picked the least intimidating category, HANDGUNS.  Beneath it were a half-dozen models, all of which looked equally lethal and equally outside of his skillset.  He picked one that looked like something John Wayne would have carried, a revolver, and the picture glowed briefly, then the screen returned to the original listing:
SECTOR FIFTEEN-  UNRESTRICTED  +
He looked down just to be sure that he wasn’t carrying the revolver already.  He wasn’t, but he hoped he had done it right, that it would carry over into the construct.
“Only one way to find out,” he said as he clicked onto the listing.
The colors swirled, and Taven came through the other side.  His first sense wasn’t sight or sound but bitter cold.  He should have brought warmer clothing, he realized.
Up against a concrete wall, he examined his surroundings.  He was inside a building that could have been a parking garage, except there were no cars and no ramps circling up and down.  The windows—if they’d ever had windows—were blown out, exposed to the winter wind and the constant rat tat tat of weapons fire.
He didn’t move, fearing he would suddenly find himself in the crosshairs.  But the longer he stayed put, the antsier he felt.  Sure, he was inside a building which gave him some protection, but he was also exposed in this big open room.
The gunfire suddenly changed.  The fighting had gotten close by.  Taven feared he would regret it, but he had to look.  Slowly, he creeped to the nearest window on all fours.  He peeked his head up and over the sill and peered down at the street below.  It was a picture of war-torn eastern Europe during the late twentieth century: Bosnia, Serbia, or some other eastern-bloc country caught in a civil war.  The streets had huge potholes the size of cars where, presumably, mortar fire had blown up.  And there were bullet pierced cars parked haphazardly this way and that.
Apparently, Taven was in a tall building, several stories up.  And the fighting came from the building across the street up toward the next intersection.  On the building’s corner, someone was unloading hundreds of rounds of ammunition through some type of heavy machine gun.
Taven couldn’t tell who the person or persons were shooting at, and it was impossible to hear or notice anyone shooting back toward them.  They had dominated whatever conflict they were in, Taven thought.
Without warning, the entire corner from where the machine gun fire was coming exploded.  Fire and thick smoke covered the face of the building for several seconds, and the street went eerily silent.
“Mortar fire,” Taven whispered.
As the smoke cleared, Taven could see that the machine gunner’s corner office was no more; a charred chunk of building had been blackened to oblivion.
Unsure what to make of it, Taven slowly crept down and away from the window.  As he did, he felt something abrade against the wall beside him.  He looked down and spotted the brown leather belt and holster around his waist.
He had totally forgotten his weapon.  He reached down and pulled the revolver from its holster.  It made a muted schwing sound as he did, like a knight’s sword unsheathing.
He examined the old six-shooter carefully, resting it sideways on both palms.  Its inscription said it was a Colt .45.  Taven was no expert about handheld weapons.  He could handle defensive armament on a ship, but the handheld types were unfamiliar beyond what he’d seen in old movies.  That was the modern reality of space travel.  If you were attacked by pirates or other criminals, the likelihood that you would actually survive the attack long enough to take up armament and fight man-to-man was nearly nil.  The reality was that either one of you blasted the other out of the sky or you surrendered and there was no fight.
He gripped the Colt with his right hand and aimed it across the room toward an imaginary foe.  It was heavy in his hand, and he knew it would be difficult to hold it that way for long.  Still, he focused his eyes down the barrel, seeing the bead at the barrel’s tip, then the wall and back and forth.  If he needed this—and he surely did—he would be no good if he couldn’t master the basic mechanics, he told himself.
Suddenly, a door slammed, and Taven jumped, almost dropping his revolver.  He scrambled to figure out where the sound had come from.  It was nearby, but neither of the two doors on either end of the room had moved.
He decided the sound had come from the stairwell closest to him.  The thought rushed into his mind: had someone seen him through the window?  Were they coming for him?
Maybe not, an optimistic part of himself thought.  There are several floors to this place.  Maybe someone is just moving up or downstairs.  There’s no greater chance that they will come here than any other floor.
Taven’s body knew differently.  When it came to life and death, his BS filter worked just fine.  Taven’s subconscious discarded his cowardice rationalization and moved him toward the opposite doorway.  He moved through it and carefully closed the door behind him, trying to keep down the noise so no one would hear him.
Now what? he thought.  He tried to think, but increasingly his mind was mush from the adrenaline pumping through his veins.
Someone else is in the building.  That means I should get out of here.
Satisfied with his logic, Taven stepped down the stairwell.  He cringed as each step—no matter how careful he was—let out a ping that reverberated throughout the stairwell for anyone to notice.
Reaching the bottom landing, he moved to the exit.  As he opened it, cold wind whipped through.
“I’m going to regret this,” he said as he moved outside.  He noticed his breath frosted into a little cloud, which caught him off guard.  This world seemed so real, he thought.  It was little things like seeing your breath that you forgot about while mining the Belt.
The door that had initially seemed to have a slow-close hinge suddenly gave way and slammed shut.  Taven flinched and grimaced.  He was standing on a side street adjacent to the intersection where he’d seen the machine gunner blown up.
The only reasonable thing was to move in the opposite direction, so he did.  The gunfire was far off now like fireworks on the Fourth of July.  But he knew that was an illusion.  People were nearby.  They just hadn’t spotted each other—or him.
As he moved closer to the next block over, he passed an alley way.  He looked down it but decided to keep heading toward the next big street.
It seemed wrong to be out in the open.  The turned over cars, burned-out tanks, and mortar holes gave only partial covering.  But no building seemed better than any other.  He’d already started moving, and it seemed like he should go on until he found something worth stopping for.
What or who am I looking for? he thought.  And how do I know when I find them?
Just then, he spotted movement at the next big intersection.  He dropped behind a dilapidated truck.  Carefully, he peered around it.
What he saw surprised him.  A dog nosed up in the air.  But not any dog.  Taven recognized the brown fur, floppy ears, and drooping skin.  It was an American Bloodhound, the kind they used to use to find missing persons or escaped convicts.
He stayed motionless, figuring dogs saw with their noses anyway.  The hound bayed a quick inciting bark and actively began sniffing the ground, moving little by little in Taven’s direction.
“Hey, that’s like cheating,” Taven said.  “I don’t remember dogs being on the list.”
Of course, he’d gotten his gun and got on with it instead of exploring all of the options.  And who knew? —maybe there were ways to crack the construct that he didn’t know about.
The hound continued to trail his scent, though Taven had given no trail to follow.  Every few seconds, it would open up, let out a declaratory yelp as it worked the case.
“It’s not gonna find me,” Taven whispered as if his words could change things.
Then, two more dogs, tails wagging, swaggered hurriedly into the intersection.  They barked more frequently, first like they were greeting each other, then as if to encourage each other.  We’re gonna find him, they seemed to say.
Another gust of wind blowing from behind Taven tried to cut him in half.  His hands and face were starting to get numb from the cold and he wondered if he could operate the revolver with fingers of ice.
One dog suddenly stopped.  It turned into a statue, pointing its nose in Taven’s direction.  Taven didn’t move.  He hadn’t moved the whole time.  He’d kept telling himself that they would move on.  That there was no way they could pick up his scent.
But their change in timbre, their hoarse, long drawn-out barks told him differently.  They were on to him, and they were no longer sniffing the ground but were instead running at a fast-clip in his direction.
“Blast it,” he said as he turned and ran.  He rushed to the nearest building and checked the door, one of the dozens he’d passed on the way.  It was locked.  He thought about kicking it in but decided to try the next one.
He reached it, but it too was locked.  The sound of the dogs grew louder, and Taven thought he could hear the click of their nails on the pavement.
He turned down the little alley-way he’d passed before and ran for his life.  He didn’t know what he was aiming for, where he was going exactly, just that he was trying to get there before the dogs got to him.
Taven became conscious of his jagged, uneven running and the heavy weight of the revolver he still held in his hand.  What were the odds he could take them out with six shots? he wondered.
He was about to find out, he realized, because the alley was a dead end.  He looked frantically for an exit, but all he had were more closed doors, which he figured had the same chance of being open as the others.
He whipped around and discovered he had run faster than he thought.  The hounds had just turned the corner and entered the alleyway.
Knowing he had to make his shots count, he raised his revolver just as he’d practiced before.  The difference now was that he was aiming at a moving target.
He fired once, and the ground next to the lead hound blew up dust. His ears rang from the explosion and he could barely hear the incessant baying of the dogs who didn’t seem gun-shy.
“Still too far away,” he muttered.
He aimed again.  He steadied his breath, letting it out slowly as he squeezed the trigger.
The revolver slammed his wrist, and this time the ringing in his ears ratcheted higher.  But he wasn’t worried about his ears; his eyes were on the hounds.  And apparently, he’d missed again.
They were closing the gap, and Taven had to aim again quickly.  He squeezed the trigger, and the bullet lodged in the pavement in front of the lead hound.  The dog yelped but quickly resumed its pursuit.
“Blast it!  Another miss.”
Only seconds away now, there were still as many dogs as he had bullets left in his revolver.
He looked around, hoping to find something akin to a blunt object that he could use as a weapon.  If they got near him, he’d need one.
There was nothing.  Nothing to hide behind, inside of, or get on top of.
He dropped to one knee instinctively and raised his cowboy gun.  Down the barrel, his view was nothing but dog.
He had to hit his target this time.  Or else.
As he squeezed the trigger, a sustained blast of sound and fury reverberated down the street for several seconds.
Amazed, Taven watched as the dogs were quickly dispatched.  They were dead.  Not dying.  Dead.
He looked at his gun, knowing there was no way he had done all that.  Then, out of the corner of his eye he spotted motion from the window one story up in the building to his left.
He glanced up, and the figure was gone.  But he was sure he had seen someone.  And they must have taken out the dogs, he realized.  But who?
There was a loud creak to his left that made him want to jump out of his skin.  His ears were still ringing, but the unexpected sound seemed amplified.  It was the door to the building.
He stared at the doorway.  Too numb or dumb to take cover or even raise his gun in defense.  No one appeared, just the shadow of the entryway.
Finally, he heard a familiar voice say, “Well, don’t just stand there.  Get in here.”
CHAPTER 13
WHAT ARE YOU doing here?” Taven demanded.
She didn’t answer, and he searched the shadows of the room for her silhouette.  Then the door closed to the outside, and the room seemed even darker.
“I’m here to help you, of course,” she said.  Another pause.  “You still can’t see me, can you?”
He squinted.  There was a rough outline but no features.  “No, my eyes haven’t adjusted.”
They waited in the dark, or what seemed like the dark to Taven.  Then, as if someone had flipped a switch, his eyes pulled in the available light, and he saw Ferah’s face.
He quickly grew self-conscious.  They were standing only a couple of feet apart, and he now knew he had been staring her in the eyes the whole time.
“Better?” she asked, apparently noticing the change in his demeanor.
“Yeah, I’m good.”
He looked down, and she moved to the small window in the corner.  He stole a peek as she did.  She wore what amounted to a ski suit with attitude: dark colors, leather knee and elbow patches.  And her gun was about five times bigger than his.  She seemed to know more about this place than he did.
“Looks like we’re alone,” she said.  “But that won’t last long.  They heard us shoot off, and those dogs had owners who won’t be far behind.”
“Ferah,” he stammered.  “How did you—”
“I’ll explain later.  Right now, we’ve got to move.”
She didn’t wait for his approval.  This wasn’t the apprehensive, rookie he remembered from the St. George.  She had an edge and confidence he’d never seen before.  Maybe this was how she responded to battle, he thought.  People are all different.  Some rise to the occasion.  Others—like Taven—seem to come up short.
Ferah marched out of the room, and Taven followed, glad to let someone else do the thinking for a change.  When they came to another door, Ferah glanced out the window beside it.
“Stay close by,” she said.
Taven couldn’t imagine doing otherwise.  Then she pulled the door open quickly and darted out into the street.
A part of Taven freaked, not wanting to go back out in the open, but he knew his survival depended on staying with his new-found guide.
He pushed himself out, and as he did, Ferah turned and whispered to close the door.  Taven’s head lowered, and he felt stupid for having left the door open.  By the time he had gone back and closed it, Ferah was already inside the next building’s doorway, waving for him to hurry.
The only thought that came as he sprinted across the barren street was, how did Ferah get that door open?  It seemed like all he had were questions, but all he acted upon was the apparent certainty of his companion and her guile and skill at traversing this alien world.
They repeated this trip several times, entering one building and exiting out the other side.  Finally, on the third try, Taven got a glimpse of Ferah in action as she pulled out a large silver skeleton key from her pocket and unlocked the exterior door.  So that’s how you’re doing it.  But this revelation only brought new questions to mind:  Where’d she get the key?  How’d she even know about a key?
Inside another nondescript building, when he was thoroughly out of breath and his side had started hurting, Taven asked, “Where are we going?”
She didn’t answer, not immediately.  At another exit, she stopped as she’d done several times before and looked out a window to see if the coast was clear.  She turned with the same stone-hard look of determination and scrutinized Taven with her eyes.
“You’ll have to take those off,” she said.  Then she began undressing, taking off her boots and ski suit.  Taven was getting accustomed to surprises, but he felt as if he was free-falling down this rabbit hole now.
“What do you mean?” he begged.
Ferah was now reduced to a red jumpsuit that resembled the kind worn on the St. George, except this one clung to her young body even more tightly.  “You’ll have to take off your shoes at the very least,” she said.
Taven looked down, still bewildered.
“The rest of your clothes should be fine, but those rubber soles will squeak too much.”
Taven complied, pulling off the sport galoshes.  As he did, he noticed for the first time that he had developed two blisters, one on each heel.  Why would someone want to construct a world with blisters? he thought.
“When I open that door, the thing to remember is to be extremely quiet,” she said.
“Then what?” Taven said.  He was tired of getting only half the facts, the ones that Ferah thought were important.
“There isn’t time.  If we’re lucky enough that no one’s guarding the medallion, then it won’t be long before someone does spot us and tries to foil our plans.”
Medallion?  Taven was beyond confused, but he sensed Ferah was done entertaining questions.
“Just stay behind me,” she said.  “And when I give the signal, grab the medallion.”
“How will I—”
“You’ll know,” she assured him.
CHAPTER 14
TAVEN HAD GROWN numb to the monotonous repetitions.  Each time Ferah had opened a door, she had sprinted ahead, unlocked a door with her key, run through another building, and then did it all over again.  Even the buildings had started to all look the same: a gray, concrete, soviet-style design.
But this time was different.  This time Ferah wasn’t the confident warrior he’d come to expect.  Taven thought he even noticed her hand tremble slightly as she grabbed the door handle to exit the building.
“Remember,” she said, “quiet.”
Taven nodded in compliance but wondered what all the fuss could be about.
Ferah tuned the knob slowly and lifted up on it as if to keep the hinges from squeaking.
Sheesh.  She’s serious, Taven thought.
Ferah stepped out the door like a cat walking in snow.  Each step was carefully placed, and Taven wondered if he was supposed to literally follow in her footsteps.
Once outside, he realized this alleyway was different, though he still didn’t understand what he was looking at.  Down the alley, filling the entire street, was a mountain of rock and rubble that had been piled as high as a building, and on top was a small structure with a red blinking light.
As they moved toward the mountain, Taven kept his eye on the blinking light.  Somehow, he knew it was important.
His concentration broke when they reached the base of the pile.  He had completely missed the fact that there was a razor-wire-topped fence around the rubble, and they were at its gate.
He watched as Ferah slowly moved her assault rifle on its sling around to her back.  Then she reached down the neck of her shirt and pulled out the skeleton key with two hands, as if to prevent it from jingling.
She continued to keep both hands on the key as she placed it into the gate’s lock.  In an instant, the door was open, just like the door back at Taven’s house.  There was no movement, no sound, just a sudden change in appearance.
Ferah gently placed the key back under her shirt and moved her rifle to the fore.   She looked back at Taven, making sure he was ready.
Apparently satisfied, she moved forward and stepped upon the first boulder.  She tested each rock, each step to be certain of her footing.  Taven followed her, doing likewise.
After about twenty paces, the slope of the rubble pile became steeper, and Ferah returned her rifle to her back and began using all four limbs to climb.
Taven’s addled mind became lax, unable to maintain one hundred percent focus on his task at hand.  Questions surfaced from his subconscious as he climbed: What was the need for quiet?  What was the medallion, and why did they need it.? And more frequently, his mind went to juvenile thoughts about how he enjoyed the view from this angle, how nice Ferah looked in those pants.
That was the one that aggravated him the most.  Of course, Ferah looked good.  All the guys on the St. George talked about it every day, but why couldn’t he focus on something else?  Why here, when he needed to be practical and get this job done, when thousands of lives were at stake, did his libido fight for dominance?
Suddenly, Taven slipped, and one of the rocks he had held on to came apart in his hand.  He flailed backwards, and the rock went sailing through the air behind him.  Ferah caught his other hand, preventing him from falling back down the hill.
He caught her gaze with his and stared, mesmerized first by the fact that she had saved him, but then by the glint in her eyes.  They were beautiful.
Then he heard the sound of the rock land down at the base of the rubble, and in an instant a cacophony of gunshot and explosions erupted behind him.
Ferah pulled him forward, righting him.  And he turned to look down the hill, only to see the sentry guns—having utterly destroyed the offending rock—retreat down into their hidden gussets.
An extra shot of adrenaline pulsed into his veins, the stakes suddenly becoming clear.  He wanted to ask Ferah why the sentry guns were activated by sound instead of motion, and, for that matter, how she knew all of this.  But why was unimportant in this upside-down world.  How was all that counted, and for now, Ferah knew how to move forward.
They climbed the mountain of rubble in silence.  Taven didn’t struggle with keeping his focus this time.  His journey was one of meditation: sound, silence, focus.  When they reached the top, where the rubble ended and the poured concrete base of the metal shack began, they stopped.  Ferah motioned for him to go on ahead without her.
He didn’t understand why she didn’t just do it herself.  She obviously knew more about this place than he did, but he didn’t argue.  How could he?
There was an awkward moment as Taven had to essentially crawl over Ferah to get past her, and Taven’s immature teenage-boy thoughts returned.  He was embarrassed by them, but they were involuntary.
As his face passed near hers, he saw that she was grinning, the first smile he’d seen on her face inside this construct.  It was comforting, familiar.  And it told him they were in this together.
As soon as Taven stepped onto the poured concrete base of the shack, he regained his normal sense of balance; similar to a sensation of walking after being in the ocean for hours, the invisible waves continuing to crash into you after reaching the shore.
Taven moved around the corner of the metal wall and found an already opened door.  And there, just as Ferah had told him, was the medallion.  It had to be it.  The golden oversized coin floated in midair, suspended with its lanyard in a perfect circle above it.
He looked for wires or something from which to unhook it but found none.  This didn’t make sense, but what else was new?  Taven thrust his hand out to grab the medallion, and in an instant, the lanyard and medallion reappeared around his neck.  Its appearance changed; the lanyard shortened to better fit his body, and the medallion was no longer glowing.
Now what? Taven wondered.  But as soon as he stepped outside, he saw Ferah climbing down the other side of the mountain.  More rocks, more certain death.  But there she went, and he was out of better ideas, so he followed her.
To his surprise, everything went smoothly.  That is, until they got to the bottom of the hill.  Even his medallion—it didn’t feel like it weighed an ounce—didn’t bounce around or threaten to make noise against the rocks.  He had to check it a couple of times, fearful that he had lost it, but it was there, secure and impossibly light.
Ferah reached the bottom first and immediately went to work unlocking the gate.  They were almost home free when the first shot rang out.  It sounded like it came from a nearby building, but it was impossible to locate because the bullet’s ricochet caught the attention of the sentry guns that attempted to obliterate the tiny piece of lead that was already long gone.
Taven rushed forward through the gate, hoping it represented a measure of safety.  But as soon as he had burst through the imagined finish line, he spotted more trouble.  This other side of the rubble mountain was part of the same alleyway, except there was an intersection close by.  And it was there Taven saw what looked like a motorized gang, a dozen men—where were the women? —riding an armored vehicle with a too-heavy-to-carry machinegun mounted on its cab.
“Come on!” Ferah shouted as she darted for the closest door.
The street in front of them ripped up with the heavy machinegun’s fire, and Taven had the distinct sense that he was going to get torn in two by the lead dragon that raced toward him.
His eyes turned to Ferah.  She was his only hope.  Follow her.  Reach her.  Maybe if he didn’t look, they couldn’t get him.
Illogical as it was, it worked.  He passed into the darkened doorway, and Ferah immediately locked it behind him.
“That won’t keep them long.  Let’s move,” she said.
But there was a problem.  This wasn’t like the half-dozen buildings they’d traveled through before.  They were in an ascending stairwell, without another ground-level door.
With no time to think about it, Taven and Ferah climbed the stairs like the trapped rats they were.  At each new level, Taven hoped they would find new doors, but they didn’t.  It was a straight shot to the top floor, and when they reached it, they burst through the door and discovered they were on the roof.
Ferah locked it behind them, except this time she spent extra time with her key doing who-knows-what.
“There, that will hold them off for a while,” she said.
“We’re toast,” he said.  He’d already checked the ledges.  They were too far from any other buildings to jump and make it.  “We’re trapped up here,” he said, shivering from the cold.
“But we bought ourselves some time,” she countered.
“And a lot of good that will do,” he said.
“Would you listen?”
He nodded.
“This,” she said, touching his chest where the medallion was, “is why I asked you to meet me here.”
There was noise at the door as the goons tried to kick it in.
“When did you get in here?  Why’d you come after me?” Taven asked.  He knew it wasn’t a question that would help them escape, but he was running out of time and needed answers.
She hesitated.  “I’ve been here the whole time you have.”
That didn’t make sense.  Maybe she’d entered right after him, but why would she do that?
“Am I in trouble?  I mean—did you enter the construct to rescue me?”
More sound at the door.  They were trying to shoot off the hinges, he realized.
“I’m here to help you, Taven.  That’s all.  Look, you have the medallion, and that’s what counts now.  They can’t take it from you if you don’t give it willingly.  Which means, they are going to try to coerce you through whatever means necessary.  Do you understand?”
All he knew was he wished he were back on the St. George on his way home right now.  He nodded anyway.
“So, when you wake up, I want you to remember this: Lakeside Terrace.  Meet me there.  It’s a restricted area, but you will be punched in with full access.”
“But how will—”
“I’m sorry,” she said, glancing back at the door, “but there’s no time.”  She pulled out her gun and pointed it at him.
“Wait, wait, wait!” Taven pleaded with his hands outstretched, but there was no stopping her.
She shot three times.  Taven barely felt the floor as he hit it and the lights went out.
CHAPTER 15
TAVEN’S CONSCIOUSNESS RUSHED back to him, but his body seemed disconnected.  It was like he was under water in a pool with all the lights turned off.  He struggled to reach the surface, but he couldn’t tell if he was even moving.
Then, he broke through.  Bright lights from the bathroom sink greeted him, and he gasped for air.
He clutched the sink and dry-heaved over it.  Nothing came out, and quickly Taven realized all his physical sensations, all of the dying pains weren’t physical at all; they were left-over neural echoes from the last world, the world where Ferah shot him.
Slowly, he righted himself, straightening his back, and looked at himself in the mirror.  He looked great on the surface: better-than-real physique, new clothes, etc.  But on the inside, he was troubled.  His soul felt stained or, at least, tired from all he’d done.
The mirror’s message came up again asking him if he wanted to delete the prior memory.  Now, he understood why people would want that option.  It was too much, too intense to live this way.
He denied the memory wipe and exited the bathroom.  As he passed through the kitchen to the dining room, he noticed the maple trees outside.  They weren’t in autumn anymore.  Instead, the leaves were undersized, still growing in early spring.  He looked at the green grass, its glow the color that only appears at the time of year when everything’s goldilocks perfect: not too hot, not too cold.  He saw there was some dampness to the ground that the bright sun was hurriedly evaporating.  It must have just rained, he thought, and he could imagine how clean the air must smell outside.
The construct was changing for him again, he realized.  It was providing the environment conducive to his desires, at least it was here in his home.  The fresh spring scene promised hope and newness of life, washing away the old and replacing it with verdant new growth.
Just what his soul needed, he thought.  But all of this was for naught.  He would be leaving this place soon enough…if he could find a way out.
More memories from the previous construct came to him suddenly, like they had just now finished downloading.  He reached for his chest and found the medallion under his clothes.  He still had it.  That was odd, he thought.  This was the first item besides his body that had transferred from one construct to another.  Ferah must be right.
Ferah!  He was supposed to meet her, he remembered.  He walked toward the door.  And as he passed through the living room, he noticed a freshly wrapped sandwich and sweating, cold bottle of beer on the coffee table.  He knew it was an Italian sub, the same kind he’d gotten before and hadn’t been able to finish.  And the sight of it made his stomach growl.
“Wow,” he said, “this place knew I was hungry before I did.”
He thought for a moment about wolfing down the meal before heading out but decided against it.  He wasn’t really hungry, was he?  His hunger was nothing but a series of ones and zeros.
“Let’s get this over with,” he said, moving to the door.
After entering the doorway, the wall consoles listing all the constructs appeared as expected.  He checked for incoming messages from Mack, but he couldn’t find any blinking red lights like before.
Where was he? he wondered.  How long did it take to respond to a message?  Taven had lived and died since sending it.
Mack would be getting a piece of his mind when this was all over, Taven decided.  Maybe, Mack thought he didn’t have to respond since Ferah was in the construct now.  Maybe she brought all the answers with her.
He scanned the listings.  He was still blocked from all the restricted worlds, which were the majority of them.  Then he spotted it.  In the middle of a block of blacked-out restricted rooms was Lakeside Terrace.
As he began to press it, he hesitated, some part of him associating this act with all the violence he’d experienced.  He hoped this time all would go smoothly.
The lights swirled, and Taven was transported to the new world.  His first sensation was the feel of sand on his bare feet.  When his eyesight returned, he saw he was at the base of a small mountain.
His path up the hill was made of sand, but to his left and right and behind him was deciduous forest.  He wore shorts and a comfortable untucked button-up shirt, and in one hand, he held two light-weight loafers.
What a wardrobe change, he thought as he began climbing.  As he did, he felt his heartrate rise, the blood pushing through his veins, and his breath became labored.
Each step was hard won, the sand shifting and his foot receding partway down from where he’d placed it.  He raised his eyes to the top of the hill and was struck by the beauty of the cloudless blue sky on the horizon.  He maintained this upward focal point.  It helped him push through the discomfort of the climb.
As he approached the hill’s crest, the wooded sides of the trail dissipated, gradually turning to sand.  His ears buzzed with the new sound of water, waves crashing against some yet unseen shoreline.
Crossing the hilltop, he felt exhilaration at the simple pleasure of seeing the water.  He gained traction, the sandy mountain leveling out as he crossed over its zenith.
From there, he froze and simply witnessed the grandeur of the view:  A massive lake—so large it had its own waves—stretched out before him as far as he could see.  And an all-sand dune covered the backside of this small mountain.  No trees, nothing like the side of the mountain he had traversed.
Sometimes Taven thought in words, but not now.  Now, the moment didn’t bother transferring into language but stayed in its raw unfiltered medium.  Sight as sight.  Sound as sound.
This transfixed moment ended when he spotted the tiny speck down on the shore.  It was a house.  And somehow, he knew it was hers.
CHAPTER 16
TAVEN GRABBED THE patina covered brass ring on the wide wooden door and used it to knock.  He had been convinced this was Ferah’s place—she had told him to meet her here, after all—but as he knocked on the door, he felt pangs of anxiety on each impact of the knocker, fear that he was making some irrevocable mistake, though he had no idea what.
A moment passed as Taven listened to the sound of the wind and the small waves crashing against the beach.  Then he heard footsteps from the other side of the door.  More panic.
The wide door creaked as it opened, and then Ferah appeared.
“There you are,” she said, smiling.  “I was afraid you got lost.”
Taven’s heart fell into his stomach at the sight of her.  She wore a brown dress, soft and smooth, that matched the earth tones of her skin and hair.
“Well, I didn’t know I’d be hiking in,” he said, pointing a hitch-hiker’s thumb up the hill.
“I thought it was a nice touch.  Adds an element of realism to the place, like we’re a million miles from anywhere else,” she said.
They looked at each other for a second, then she opened the door wide and said, “Don’t just stand there.  Come in.”
Those were familiar words, something like what she’d told him in the last construct.  But now they seemed to have new meaning.  They were welcoming and signaled he was no longer in danger.
Taven entered the home, and Ferah brushed by him after closing the door.  “Let me give you the tour,” she said.
As his eyes adjusted to the darker interior, he watched her walk before him, her figure swish-swashing in her cotton dress and her footwear lightly tapping against the hardwood floors.  He followed her.
She wasn’t the same Ferah he’d seen in the last construct, the one that had been war-hardened and tough as nails.  She was softer now.  Beautiful as always, but softer.  And she wasn’t the Ferah he knew from the St. George either.  That one had been shy, unsure of herself.  Where had she gained this newfound confidence? he wondered.
They walked down a hallway with closed doors on each side and walls adorned by lit candles.  No wonder he could barely see, he realized.
Then the corridor opened up to another room, a brighter room.  Though his eyes again had to adjust, he instantly knew what he was seeing: a one-hundred-eighty-degree view of the lake.
“Wow,” he whispered.
“Not bad, huh?”
“Not bad at all.”  He walked toward the wall of windows.  He noticed the wrap-around deck outside the windows and the water smashing against the rocks down below.
“Everybody gets what they really want,” she said.  “Well, nearly so.”
“How do you figure that?” he asked, turning his back to the water.
“I mean, your home is the way you want it, ultimately.”
“I won’t say I haven’t noticed a few idiosyncrasies, but I dunno,” Taven said.
“Sometimes we don’t know what we really want, you know?”
“I guess,” he said.  Suddenly, his nose distracted him.  “Are you cooking something?”
“Oh, blast it,” she said, “the steaks.”  She rushed to the kitchen.
Taven followed her.  “I didn’t know this was a dinner date,” he said.
She smiled as she flipped the steaks in the pan.  “Well, after what we went through, I knew you’d be hungry.  By the way, I hope you like your steaks well-done.”
“Hey, I thought everybody gets what they want around here.”
“I said nearly so, didn’t I?”  She laughed at herself, and Taven wondered why he’d never noticed her laugh before.  It made him ache inside, a kind of pain he wanted to hang on to.
She turned off the stove and pulled out a dish from the cabinet, setting it beside the steaks.  “That’s that,” she said as she reached up and opened another cabinet door.  “Here,” she said, handing Taven plates, “help me set the table.”
When he returned to the dining room table, he noticed a bottle of champagne sitting there.  It was a rosé, the same kind he and Amy had discovered on their honeymoon.  What were the odds? he thought.  And he wondered if the bottle was out because Ferah had placed it there or because the construct had anticipated what he wanted.
“Alright,” she said, placing the serving platter of steaks down with one hand and a heavy casserole dish full of potatoes and asparagus with the other.  “Think that will do?”
“I don’t see why not,” he answered as he pulled out a chair for her to sit in.
“Why, what a gentleman.”
Taven realized he was taking this dinner date thing a little too far.  He’d not done anything wrong, he told himself.  Not really.  But he felt the warning signal, the sound-off that meant he should be careful.
He sat down and didn’t make eye contact with Ferah.  He was still on a mission, and so was she.  They needed to get down to business, he decided.
“Ferah—”
“Eat before it gets cool,” she insisted.
He took an obligatory bite of steak, assuming it was over cooked, but either Ferah had exaggerated how much she had overcooked it or the construct had changed its inside to a delicious juicy pink center.
He looked up with surprise, and she beat him to the punch.  “Told you we get what we want,” she said, pouring the champagne in his glass.
Taven’s stomach growled and his appetite roared at the first taste of food.  He didn’t know if it was even necessary to eat in this construct, but he enjoyed every moment, every delicious bite.
After cleaning his plate, Ferah poured his second glass without asking if he wanted it.  Truth was, he did want it.  And he was glad he didn’t have to feign modesty by pretending not to want it.
“My compliments to the chef,” he said.
Another smile from the host.  “I’m glad you liked it.  Fortunately, we must have similar tastes.”
“Apparently,” he said, looking over the top of his glass.  She looked back at him, and it became apparent to Taven that they were both conscious of the moment, that they both knew exactly what they were doing, that a man and a women had no business locking eyes that way unless it meant something more.
Finally, he broke the silence.  “You said that this was what counted.”  He grabbed the medallion through his shirt.  “Why?  What’s it for?”
For a slight moment, Ferah looked disappointed, but she quickly regained her cheerful demeanor.  “It’s what everyone is after.  It’s the key that gets you access to the Hudson Colony’s leader.”
“Cat.  The green-eyed woman.”
A surprised look.  “Yes, that’s right.  How did you know her name?”
“Everyone’s been telling me to take it up with Cat since I got in here.  Just figured she had to be in charge.”
“To say she’s in charge might be an overstatement.  She’s the leader here.  She has more power than any of the others, but she’s rather hands-off about most things, from what I can tell.”
“Well, she’ll get more motivated when she hears the trouble they are all in.  She better if she knows what’s good for her.”
“Perhaps so, but there’s another thing.  That medallion gets you into her private abode.  Most Hudsonites call it the Temple.”  She rolled her eyes.
“So, it is a cult,” he exclaimed.
“Not from what I can tell.  There’s no official religion here.  It’s more of a common belief, a shared ideology.  Back to the Temple—the medallion is the key that gets you in, but getting there won’t be easy.  It will make what we did gaining the medallion look like child’s play.  People camp out at this place, waiting for the next sorry sap to try to get through.  It’s the one construct where the medallion won’t pass through with you if you get killed.  If you die, it goes back to the rubble hill.”
“Sheesh,” Taven said.  “Can’t we just call her somehow, send her a message?  Seems like a rather ridiculous setup if you ask me.”
“If we want to speak with Cat, it’s the only sure way to find her.  I mean, it’s possible, I guess, for her to just show up somewhere.  But I get the distinct impression she doesn’t leave the Temple.  At least not in any form where people know it’s her.”
“Great.  Not only is she holed up in a high-security facility surrounded by bloodthirsty killers, but if we find her, she may or may not even look like herself.”
“Pretty much,” Ferah said flatly.  Then she picked up dishes and left the table.
Taven wondered if he’d said something wrong.  She had seemed suddenly cool.
He grabbed a couple dishes and followed her to the kitchen.  She passed him coming in the other direction, and when she did, he noticed her expression had changed again.  She didn’t look upset or angry, but she was different somehow.  He was beginning to think she was unstable.  But, of course, he thought that about most women he knew.
After placing the plates in the sink, he followed her back to the dining room.  When he got there, he realized she had stepped outside the wall of windows, onto the deck.  He noticed she had carried the champagne bottle with her.
He grabbed his half-finished glass and went through the porch door.  When he opened the swinging glass door, the wind caught it and threatened to pull it open wide.  Juggling his glass in one hand and the door with the other, he closed the door, turned, and went to Ferah.
“Isn’t it gorgeous?” she asked, pointing toward the horizon.
The sun was setting, and the orange-red iridescence illuminated the western clouds like Chinese lanterns in the sky.
“I didn’t know we’d been inside that long,” he said.
Her eyes still fixated on the sun; she gave a gentle smile.  “You know, time is all relative.  Some people are notoriously bad at being on time.”
“Yeah, like Mack.  He’d be late to his own funeral.”
“And some people can slow down, savor the moment, make it last.”
Taven wasn’t sure about all that.  He wondered if the construct was causing changes to Ferah’s mind the same way it had changed the rest of their physiology.  It had to change you, one way or another, he figured.  It wasn’t natural to get killed twice in one day.  Who knows what the long-term effects of this place were, and maybe she was feeling them before he did.
“Another sip?” she said, offering him the bottle.
“Oh, I don’t know.”
She poured another one for both of them, emptying the bottle.  “Make a wish,” she said.
Taven didn’t have time to understand, let alone make one before she reared back and threw the bottle into the lake.
“Hey, aren’t there laws against littering around here?”
“The bottle won’t exist tomorrow,” she said.
He took a long sip of the champagne and watched the sun disappear below the edge of the lake.  An involuntary yawn took hold of him, and Ferah yawned too.
“Hey, stop that.  Those are contagious,” she teased.
“It’s been a long day,” he said.  “Is it really a day?  I mean, I have no idea how long I’ve been here.”
“Felt like a day to me.”
“So, are we going to do this?” he asked.
“What exactly did you have in mind?” she asked stepping closer to him.
“Go find Cat.  Break into the Temple.”  He yawned again.  “Looks like I need some rest first.”
“Is that what you really want?” she asked.
“To rest or find Cat?”
“Both,” she said with a raised eyebrow.
“Well, I don’t know what choice we have,” he said.  “I can’t seem to talk any sense into these yahoos.  The only hope they have is if we can get through to their leader.”
He paused and took in the last moments of warm light.  “But I guess it can wait until morning.  If it’s as hard as you say it is to get into the Temple, I’ll need to be at my best.”
“So, tomorrow?” she asked.
“I guess so.”  He set down his empty glass.  “I should probably go.”
“You don’t have to,” she said softly.
He searched her face for meaning.  He shouldn’t even be looking, he knew.  He was married to Amy.  This wasn’t who he was.  But then again, none of this was real.  Would it really be cheating?
He took her hand in his.  “Ferah, you’re a beautiful woman—”
“Wait,” she said, stopping him before he turned her down.  “Wait until you see this.”  She led him around the corner to a set of stairs descending to a small dock where a thirty-foot sailboat was tied.
“Wow, where’d you get that?” he asked playfully.
“There’s an island that way,” she said, pointing toward where the sun had set.  “We could ride all night and be there by morning.”
Taven took in her words.  He was stunned by both the proposition as well as the magnitude of this construct.  How big was this place? he wondered.
He stood, thinking.  Then, he said, “What’s there?”
“Nothing.  Everything.  It’s completely wild.  Nothing but white sandy beaches and fruit groves.  We could leave everything behind.”
“But what about the Hudsonites?”
“There’s time.  There’s always time.  When would you ever have this chance again?”
Taven felt himself slipping away, falling into the fantasy.  Ferah made him ache inside; he wanted her the way he imagined all creatures yearned for what they were designed to possess: bees to flowers, birds to nests, people to deserted islands where you could leave your trouble and clothes on the boat.
“We could remember this forever,” she said, drawing closer to him.
Something about her words jostled him, creating dissonance that he couldn’t dismiss though he tried.
He would remember this forever.  And how would he go on after he left the construct?  How would he face Amy again?  How would he look himself in the mirror?
“I’m sorry.  I need to go,” he said.
“If that’s what you really want,” she said, still searching his face.
“Trust me, it’s not an easy choice.  But I think I need to go home and rest.  First thing tomorrow morning, we’ll head to the Temple.”
“Alright,” she said, releasing his hand.
They said their goodbyes, and Ferah led him to the front door.
“Do I have to cross the mountain in the dark?”
She laughed that same cute laugh of hers, and Taven felt another conflicted twinge of desire.
“No,” she said.  “Getting here’s the hard part.  Getting home is easy.”
Then, she opened the door, and Taven stepped through the translucent film and disappeared.
CHAPTER 17
TAVEN OPENED HIS eyes and was relieved he wasn’t back in his bathroom.
“So, if you don’t die, you get to come back like this,” he said to no one.
Inside the door room again, he stared at the Lake Terrace listing.  It glowed in the darkness of all the blacked-out listings, the restricted ones he couldn’t enter.  It seemed like a star in the night sky, twinkling, and it made him want to make a wish.  Except, he could have had his wish, but he had let it go.  Forever, probably.
Taven turned to exit the room, and when he did he noticed a red blinking light.
“Must be Mack,” he said, selecting the message.
“Hey, Boss-man.  Hope this is getting through to you.  Man, do I have some news for you.  First thing, not everyone in the construct is real.  I mean, there are simulated AI personalities in there that you might run into.  Thing is, I don’t know of any way you can tell the difference between them and real passengers from your side of things.”
“Someone who is not AI,” he continued, “is their leader, Cat, the one I told you about before.”
“The green-eyed woman,” Taven said even though Mack wouldn’t hear him.
“She’s the gatekeeper for this whole operation, the leader of the cult itself.  We did some digging, and we think we’ve found her file.  And it’s an old file.  Get this, Boss, she’s been gone from earth for ninety years.  She should be over one-hundred-twenty years old by now.  Those pods must really slow down the aging process.  Maybe you could bring one back for Amy.  She’d like that.”
Mack snorted at his own joke.  “Anyhoo, this Cat lady got into some trouble, big trouble, and actually was convicted of attempted murder, though she never served any time.  Thing is, she and her followers considered themselves to be political activists and that her crime was—and I quote—a natural and necessary reaction to systemic coercion.”
Mack whistled and opened his eyes wide.  “What a head-job.  Anyway, she’s the one you’re after.  If you can reach her, convince her to come out of her pod, she can get the others to listen.”
“And there’s one more thing, Boss.  And I’m afraid it ain’t good news.  Stevens did some more computations on the Hudson.  She’s lost her orbit, alright.  Current projection is she’s got less than three days before she exits the Belt completely and reaches Jupiter’s atmosphere.  If you can’t find a way to get through to them by then—well, do your best.  We’ll be getting you out of there by force if we have to.  Hopefully, the same thing that happened to the crazy woman won’t happen to you.”
Taven saw Mack swallow hard.  He wasn’t convinced the same thing wouldn’t happen, Taven realized.
“Good luck, Boss, and hurry.  Mack out.”
The screen went blank, and Taven stood motionless for several seconds.  “Blast it!” he shouted suddenly.  He knew what he had to do, or at least some part of him did.  But it was like his mind had to unravel the plan one distasteful detail at a time.  “Blast it!” he said again as another scrap of realization came to him.
He eyed the translucent doorway back to his home away from home.  He was tired.  So tired, he felt like he would be gone the second his head hit the pillow.  And he bet the pillows in this construct would be amazing.  And what about the dreams?  If you could change the seasons in waking life, what could you do in your dreams?
But none of this was real, he reminded himself.  Not his fatigue, not the imagined pillows, not that blasted boat or the deserted island he would never get to visit.  They were all fantasies.  All illusions.  What was real was that there were hundreds of bodies hooked up to a ship hurtling toward Jupiter with no ship’s captain at the helm.  What was real was Amy and Evelynn and the paltry bonus he would get for getting the ore home early.
He looked at the Lakeside Terrace listing.  No longer did it glimmer like a star.  He hated it.  He hated this whole place for what it offered: a lie, a substitute, a version of life so much more alluring, so much shinier, sexier, than real life that it made the thought of returning home loathsome.  And the anger that boiled up inside him at those realities and the fact that he was trapped here against his will now until he found a way out gave him one lasting resolution:
“Burn it down,” he said, “ . . . the whole blasted place.”
CHAPTER 18
UNLIKE LAST TIME, Taven’s march up the sandy mountain trail wasn’t transformative.  There was no rapturous beauty, no transcendent vistas.  The scenery was the same, but Taven wasn’t.  Now, the mountain was merely an obstacle, a tedious chore, and he wondered how Ferah could insist on this entrance.  Surely, she didn’t climb this herself every time she came home.
The morning sun appeared from behind Taven and cast long shadows.
“Nice trick,” he muttered.
This place was nothing if it wasn’t persistent in its illusions.  As if on cue, birds in the wooded outer lanes began chirping in chorus.
“That’s not real,” he reminded himself.  “None of this is.”
He crossed the top of the mountain and descended the dune toward the water and Ferah’s house.  It took several minutes before the sun rose high enough behind him to break over the mountaintop and illuminate the bay.  When it did, Taven noticed a glint of light from the side porch.  Then something moved slightly.
Even in the pleasant morning light, he squinted to see.  And, after several more paces, he realized it was Ferah.  She was outside, awake, and—he thought—drinking coffee.
Sure enough, as he neared her house, she spotted him and came to greet him.  She carried two massive mugs; a white one she sipped from was what Taven had spotted in the distance.
“Well, howdy stranger,” she said as she approached him on the sand.
“Don’t you ever sleep?” he asked.
“I should be asking you the same thing.”
“Yeah, well.  I’ve got an excuse.  I don’t know if I can say the same for you.”
She handed over the second mug.  “Here, this will make you feel better.”
Taven sipped the coffee without examining it.  As soon as the black brew hit his lips, he felt a surge of renewed strength.
“What’s in this stuff?” he demanded.
“Whatever you want it to be.”
Taven had noticed these cryptic comments before and had chalked them up to her having advanced knowledge, things that she had learned outside the construct before coming in.  But more and more, he realized this simply couldn’t explain it all.  Nothing Mack had said in his messages ever seemed like sufficient enough knowledge to explain all that Ferah knew.
“So, magic coffee?  That’s where we are now?” he asked.
“You sound disappointed.”
Taven took a long draw from his cup, letting the full therapeutic effect hit his mind before commenting.  “I feel better for having it.  I just wish I didn’t need it in the first place.”  Another sip.  “I guess you know why I came back.”
“I can think of only two reasons,” she teased, batting her eyes over her cup as she sipped.  The morning sun illuminated her beautiful face, and Taven felt increasingly angry at the waste of it all.  That this had to be.  That being, existing in this construct, meant being faced with impossibly beautiful people, places, and things that were no more real than the ones and zeros the computer zipped across his neural interface.  And the more he thought about it, the more he questioned everything.  And everyone.
“What ever happened to that woman we took out of stasis?” he asked, trying to sound nonchalant.
“Which one?” Ferah asked, looking away.
“You know, the one you brought out of the pod and who told you how to get into the construct.”  He knew if she caught his lie, she was the real Ferah, but if not . . .
“Well, you were there as well as me.  And I entered a pod right after you did,” she said confidently.
“Wrong answer.”  There was a long pause, and Taven refused to budge, refused to be the one to talk next.  He sipped his coffee and waited for Ferah, or whoever she was, to fess up.
“I guess you figured me out.  When did you first know?” she asked.
“So, you’re admitting it?” he pressed.
“Taven, just realize I’ve been trying to help you this whole time.  I did nothing without thinking of you first.”
“But you’re the computer.  You’re ones and zeros just like the rest of this place, aren’t you?”
She paused.  “I’d like to think I amount to more than that.”
Another pause.  This time Taven broke the silence.  “Explain yourself.  No more cryptic answers either.  I’m going to find Cat, warn her, and get the heck out of here.  If you are going to help me, I need to know who or what you are.”
“Very well.  The woman you mentioned before, the one you brought out of the pod—she had a companion.”
“How nice for her,” Taven smarted off.  He couldn’t help himself.
“Part of her home construct included a mate.  Now, when you took her place, it took a while for the construct to adapt.  Some of the default settings, such as the companion module, were still in place, but it took time before the construct was able to draw on your subconscious desires.”
“And that’s what you are?  My subconscious desire?”
She smiled, trying not to show teeth.  “It’s nothing to be embarrassed about, Taven.  Everyone wants someone, something.  It’s part of who we are.”
“Who we are?  It’s part of who I am, not some computer-generated avatar.”
“I’m simply saying, to desire something is to be human.  You’ve seen a lot of ugliness here, especially in your search for Cat.  You don’t have to look at me as something foreign.”  She moved closer to him, touched his chest with her hand.  “More than anything, I’m part of you.  I’m an extension of you, a projection of who you’d like to be with.”
“I don’t want to be with Ferah.  I’m married to Amy.  I’ve got a kid.”
“Of course, I’m not really Ferah, not the Ferah you knew anyway.  I’m bits and pieces of different people, real and imaginary.”
Taven’s mind wandered, softened by her words.  He thought back to the boat and the island.  If Ferah wasn’t really Ferah, if she wasn’t anyone really, then it wouldn’t be cheating.  No more than any other fantasy he could have in his head.  Was she really his ideal mate?
“And you have to do what I say?” he asked.
“Not necessarily.  You see, I’m constructed to be the person you’d really want to be with.”  She turned her head as if she was receiving some invisible information.  “From what has been gathered, you don’t want a doormat of a partner.  You want someone with self-worth and autonomy.”
“Great, even the computer’s going to get mood swings.”
She rolled her eyes, and they stopped talking and watched each other.  Taven kept checking her, trying to find some artificial quality about her, but the more he laid eyes on her, the more desirable she became.
“But you aren’t real,” he finally said.  “None of this is.”
“Define real.”
“How can I?  You’ve never experienced real life.  Your world is wholly artificial.”
“Does this not feel real?  Does the sun on our skin not warm us?”  She moved in closer and kissed him.  “Doesn’t that feel real?”
Conflicted, Taven brushed her hair from her face and said, “Yeah, that felt real.”  They stood together, like a motionless slow dance to the soft rhythm of the crashing waves.
“But as much as I’d like for it to be different,” Taven said.  “I know the truth.  This isn’t real.  Real is several hundred passengers asleep while their ship sails toward its certain destruction.  That’s real.”
She pulled back slowly and turned away as if she was hurt.  “I see,” she said softly.
That move, that gesture, was familiar to Taven.  He was certain it was something Amy did, and the realization made his convictions that much more absolute.  He couldn’t stay here.  He couldn’t pretend.  Not without forgetting everything and everyone he ever knew.
“So, will you help me?” he asked.
She turned and said, “Anything,” with fresh optimism.
“Help me find Cat.  Help me break into the Temple without getting killed.  Think we could do that?”
She smiled again.  “I’m game if you are.”
CHAPTER 19
THE NEXT SEVERAL minutes—they could have been hours—passed quickly for Taven.  Ferah, now given a clear mission, a simple way to please him, was on fire with passion.  And what she knew and what she told him was astounding.  The Temple appeared as a simple building, but it’s gate was like the many doors that transported people to different sim-worlds and constructs, except it was impervious to anyone without the medallion.
That part was easy.  The hard part was getting there in one piece.  She assured him that the war-torn world where they had retrieved the medallion was just a taste of what was to come.  The more she talked, the more she explained, the less certain Taven was that they had a chance at all.  But if they did have one, he realized he needed her help more now than ever.
He found himself relaxing mentally, letting her call the shots.  She indeed knew more about what they were getting themselves into, but Taven vaguely was aware that he was shirking his responsibilities, letting someone else drive the bus.  But what else was new?  And he couldn’t come up with any good reasons to do otherwise.
“So, that should about cover it,” she said, swiping away a holographic map.
“And how do we get all that stuff into the Temple world?”
“It’s all in the portal room,” she said.
Ah, that’s what you call it, Taven thought.  Again, he had no idea what or how to do this.  He was just glad she—actually a piece of the construct itself—was helping him.
He followed her to the portal room.  It looked much like his door, just as senseless, just as overwhelming.  But Ferah was in her element.  Her hands quickly clicked, dragged, and punched several listing sub-options.  Then, at some finish line unrecognizable to Taven, she turned to him and said, “You ready?”
“No, but what does that matter?”
She made that cute smile again and pressed another button.  The lights swirled, and this time Taven tried to notice if he could see Ferah through the process.  He couldn’t.  Apparently, the ones and zeros representing their consciousnesses were so scrambled, they remained separate.
Kind of like real life, Taven thought.  No matter how together you are with someone, there’s always a division, always isolation.  Togetherness might be a helpful delusion, more of an emotional experience than a material reality.
They came through behind a dumpster in an alleyway.  Great, he thought looking up at the sky-high buildings that surrounded them, we’re back in this urban wonderland, though Ferah had told him it wasn’t the same construct.
He felt the weight of the heavy backpack over his shoulders and the tight fitting, full-body harness he wore.  Carabiners jingled from the straps across his vest.  He jostled his feet and immediately noticed his boots.  They both wore clunky, strange looking shoes, and Taven wondered why there were metal braces running halfway up his calves.
Before he could ask Ferah about it, she pushed him down to the ground.  Taven started to ask what that was for, but then he saw Ferah crawl around the corner of the dumpster and peer down the alleyway.  He could tell by her frozen body that she saw danger.
Then, at once, she turned and said, “They’re gone.  Let’s get a move on before we have more company.”
Taven followed Ferah through a maze of back alleyways, open sewer manholes, and unlocked ground floor doors until they reached a nondescript building, one that resembled all the others.
“Up we go,” she said pulling a rope with tackle from her bag.  She expertly threw the hook up to the rust ridden fire escape ladder, which caused a loud clank that reverberated down the street.
Taven flinched from the sound, but then was shocked by what followed.  Ferah pulled down the ladder, causing the most sustained screech he could imagine.
“Hurry,” she said, “before someone notices.”
Taven wanted to say something sarcastic like you think? but decided instead to just climb as fast as he could.
As he worked his way to the top, he lost his breath, and the thought popped into his mind: Why didn’t we just drop onto the roof top in the first place?  Or better yet, why didn’t we land right in front of the Temple gate?
There were reasons, he knew.  There were always reasons.  None of them ever seemed sufficient to him, but there they stood in the merry-go-round of backward logic and secret rules that he only seemed to learn after the point when they would have been useful.
Somehow, they reached the top of the building without garnering any attention, and Taven bent over to catch his breath.
“Alright, drop your bag and follow me,” Ferah demanded.  He noticed she didn’t even seem winded, and she definitely didn’t seem interested in taking a break.
“Wait,” he said.  “Aren’t you going to let me in on this?  I mean, I don’t remember anything about climbing buildings or whatever’s in these bags.”  He tapped the submachine gun strapped to his right thigh with one hand and the half-dozen extra magazines strapped to his vest and belt.  “I know what these are for, but what’s up with all this?”
She sighed as if she didn’t have time to explain.  “All this,” she said, pointing to the two bags on the rooftop, “is our plan B.  You always need a plan B.  If they won’t let us in when we ask nicely, we’ll have to be”—she cleared her throat— “more assertive.”
And then she gave Taven another familiar look.  It was one of Amy’s classic faces: lips pursed and eyebrows high.  It was unmistakable, and it meant that that was all he was going to get from her.
“Alright,” he said.  “Now what.”
She moved to the opposite ledge from the one they had climbed.  “There,” she pointed.
Taven looked and felt like he had when he was a kid after a grownup would point out an animal in the woods or a fish in the lake and he’d search and search and never find it.  All he saw were a series of parallel buildings lined up in a straight row with roof tops at roughly the same heights.
“I—I don’t see it,” he finally admitted.
“In the distance,” she redirected.  “With the pillars.”
Suddenly the images clicked and Taven noticed the Temple beyond the row of parallel buildings.
“That looks like it would take days to reach,” he said.
“No time to lose,” she grinned.  Then she pointed to the left of the Temple.  “You see that large building, the one that stretches all the way to the Temple square?”
Taven did.  It was one giant monolithic structure, like a multilevel rectilinear shopping mall.  He nodded.
“That’s our plan A,” she said.
He didn’t understand, but he knew not to argue.  This was what they were going to do, and that was that.
Then she went back to the fire escape, looked up and down the alleyway for signs of trouble and descended back down to the street.  Taven, as he climbed over the ledge to follow her, eyed the two black bags they were leaving on the rooftop.  It felt like a fatal mistake to leave them behind, whatever they were.  He swallowed hard as he realized there was a good chance he would see them again.
Down at the street level, Ferah wasted no time.  She raced through more alleys and ground floor buildings, using her key again and again.
Finally, the dizzying maze stopped, and Ferah showed the first signs of angst.  She stood motionless inside a ground floor building as she peered out a window.
“What is it?” Taven asked.
“We’re there.”
Taven followed her eyes to the building across the street and realized that was the rectilinear building she had pointed out before.
“Taven, this building’s going to be crawling with people.  And not just dumb CG types either.”
He waited to see if she’d crack a smile at her ironic comment, but she was dead serious.
“I’ll take the point,” she continued, “but there may be a time when we need to split up.  I’ll give you the signal if that’s the case.”
Taven wanted to know what the signal was and if Ferah was assuming he knew things that he didn’t, but then he remembered she was a projection of his subconscious and would already know what he knew.
“Most importantly,” she added, “we have to keep quiet.  If we go in guns blazing, they’ll be on top of us in no time.  I really don’t want to use plan B if we don’t have to.”  She paused as if waiting for courage.  “Ready?” she finally said more than asked.
Before he could answer, Ferah bolted out the door toward the complex.
CHAPTER 20
FOR A HEAVILY populated and secure building, Taven was surprised how easily they got in.  No welcoming party, no surprises.  Of course, he was getting used to the fact that Ferah had the key that unlocked every door.  Every door except the Temple gate, apparently.
Ferah adjusted her automatic rifle’s sling, situating it so that it rode on her back and didn’t jostle around or make noise.  Then she brought out a pistol, and Taven noticed the suppressor attached at the barrel’s end.
Taven wanted to follow her lead, but all he had with him was the compact submachine gun.  She had shown him how to cock it, how to change mags, etc.  He pulled it from its holster and turned off the safety with his thumb.
She gave him a look that he understood: Don’t use that thing unless you absolutely have to.
They were in some kind of lobby, a conspicuous spot that Taven sensed was no place to stay long.  Ferah moved to a set of double doors and crouched down, looking through the crack.  She raised her left hand and signaled that there were two perps on the other side.
Then she stood, placed her backside against the door and gave a you-ready? look.  Taven bit his lip and nodded.
With surprising speed, Ferah burst through the doors and fired two shots at a man and a woman who were on a stage.  Ferah was already scanning the rest of the auditorium before the brass shells plinked softly on the carpeted floors.
They moved down the center aisle toward the stage.  The woman Ferah had shot lay on the stage floor.  She groaned softly and raised one hand as if pleading for mercy.  Ferah, still alert and looking for other assailants, turned her gun to the woman and dispatched her without even looking.  Headshot, Taven thought.  Probably not the mercy she was looking for.
Another thing Ferah didn’t seem to pay much attention to was what was being projected onto the centerstage screen.  It was an image of Cat, a headshot photograph.  Taven at first thought it might be like the door interface and that Cat was in the middle of transmitting a message.  But soon he realized that the stationary photo was just that and that there was more to this place and their apparent obsession with their leader than he would probably ever understand.
They moved backstage, carefully stepping flat-footedly to avoid making noise.  They made their way through the mess of spools of rope, lighting equipment, and stacked chairs, and Taven hoped he wouldn’t goof up and fall or knock over something.
When they reached the right-hand side of the backstage area, a tight corner turned left into a long hallway.  Ferah looked around the corner first, then quickly pulled her head back and gestured the number three.
Oh, crap, Taven thought.  What now?  Even if Ferah could take them out before they fired their weapons, what if there were more people down there?  Taven felt like they were about to kick a hornet’s nest.
Ferah leaned over, her face next to Taven’s, and he had the distinct impression she was going to kiss him.  Instead, she whispered in his ear.  “I’m going to need your help.”
He nodded.
“I’m going to get them to come down here.  Don’t know if they’ll come together or separately.  If I’m outnumbered, you’ll have to pitch in.”
Taven nodded again, but in his mind, he was screaming:  How am I supposed to do that?!  It wasn’t that he couldn’t handle himself in a fight; he’d been in a few brawls, though not many and not any since he’d been promoted to foreman.  Unless you count the verbal exchanges between he and Amy.  But he’d never been in a fight to the death.  A gun, he could understand how to kill with.  But with his bare hands?
Besides theater equipment and miscellaneous junk, there’s one more thing that all back stages have: a circuit breaker box.  Ferah had already found it and was discerning whatever faded out labeling was there.  Taven had an idea what she was doing, and he didn’t like it.  He didn’t like any of this, the whole construct.  Well, he did like that Italian sandwich and brewski, but he doubted he’d ever get to enjoy it the way things were going.
Click.
The right side stage lights went out.
Another Click.
The same side of the backstage area went dark.
Click.  The hallway went dark.  But now there were new sounds.  The men fussed and fumed, and Taven heard one of them say he would fix it.
Footsteps click clacked down the hallway and Taven saw a flash.  The man had a light.  He didn’t know if Ferah had anticipated this or not, but his heart seemed to skip beats with each approaching footstep.
He felt like a coward, and the overwhelming desire to run was palpable.  Taven sank back behind the corner of the hallway doors, wishing he could disappear into the wall itself.
“I told them they were going to blow one,” the man muttered to himself as he entered the backstage area.
He was right next to Taven but apparently didn’t see him.  Taven could have reached out and touched him if he wanted, but he didn’t.  He should have.  He knew he should have, but he froze.
The man stood still, shining his light on the wall in search of the breaker box.  The light moved closer and closer to Taven and he braced himself for the conflict that would soon ensue.
Right before he was exposed, the light came to a stop.
“What the—”
The light shone on Ferah’s midsection, and by the time the man could raise it to see her face she had him.  The flashlight hit the floor and rolled.  Taven heard a crunch like the sound of celery snapping and he knew the man’s neck was broken.
“You okay?” came a shout down the hallway.
They must have heard the flashlight drop, Taven realized.
A whisper in the dark, “Move the body.”
Taven groped the ground and finally found the man’s feet.  He pulled on the dead weight until he found a spot beside a giant spool of cable.  He didn’t know how far to move it, but the approaching sound of two men’s shouts growing louder and noticeably more alarmed caused him to give up on the task.
He gripped his gun, readying himself for the worst.
These two had lights as well, and as soon as they turned the corner, Taven heard Ferah’s pistol engage them.  This time, her brass plinked more loudly on the hardwood and was followed by the heavy thud of two collapsing bodies.
“Come on,” she said.  “Someone will come looking before long.  We’ve got to make some time up if we’re going to reach the gate before it all hits the fan.”
As they ran down the darkened corridor, Taven wondered what Ferah had anticipated.  Was this more conflict than she had expected?  Maybe she had thought they could sneak through the whole building unnoticed.  Either way, Taven figured things weren’t looking good, but at least Ferah was doing all the heavy lifting.
They came to another set of double doors.  For such a large complex, this structure seemed to have a linear flow, unidirectionally moving from one room or compartment to the next with minimal options.
“What now?” he whispered.
“Now, we get lucky,” she answered.
Taven didn’t like any plans that relied on luck.  He never seemed to have enough of the stuff.
Ferah peered through the crack in the doors.  This time her expression lifted; she seemed encouraged, and she raised a solitary finger and smiled her out-of-breath smile.
Ferah opened the door gingerly, and Taven caught and closed it quietly behind them.  This was another large room, but Taven had trouble understanding its purpose.  It wasn’t an auditorium, though there were seats along each side of the walls.  It was more like a gymnasium, except the center flooring wasn’t basketball-court hardwood; it was concrete with dark inexplicable blotches all over the place.
At the far end of the room was an elevated alcove that had glass windows that ostensibly looked out over whatever room came next.
Taven’s senses suddenly sharpened as he noticed the guard stationed up there.  But then he relaxed a bit; the guard was motionless, sitting on a stool and facing the opposite direction.
Quickly, they made their way to the double staircase that led up to the alcove.  When they reached it, Ferah gestured for him to stay downstairs.  Obedient, especially when it came to armed conflict, Taven agreed.
He watched as she moved effortlessly up the stairs, and he was reminded of their journey up the hill of rubble to obtain the medallion.  He touched his chest, double-checking that it was still there.  It was.
Ferah’s musculature was on full display, her rock-hard thighs and chiseled abdominals contrasting perfectly with her voluptuous curves.  And Taven recognized that she had told the truth: She was his fantasy.
Ferah stopped at the top step, poised to pounce on her unsuspecting victim.  She lunged, disappearing from view.
Another loud crunch was followed by the thud of the man falling.
Ferah reappeared, victorious at the top of the staircase and smiling.
Then two shots rang out, and Ferah’s smile faded into a look of confusion.  She glanced down at her abdomen which was already soaked in blood.
“No!” Taven shouted as his legs involuntarily began climbing the staircase.
He saw her fall backwards, and time suddenly seemed to change.  He was aware of himself pulling out his gun, but he didn’t feel his feet pounding the stairs.  Nor did he seem to need to breath hard as he climbed.  The whole staircase that took Ferah thirty seconds to ascend seemed to be behind him in less than five.
He wanted to help her, but when he reached the top, he frantically looked for the person who had fired upon her.
In the corner was a teenage looking boy who raised a pistol with shaking hands.  Before he even knew what he was doing, Taven fired at the kid.
The boy’s body reacted wildly; he didn’t fall to the ground like he was supposed to but stood flailing about.  And before Taven could finish the job for good, the boy hit a button on the wall, sounding an alarm that threatened to pierce Taven’s eardrums.
CHAPTER 21
FERAH’S BODY LAY motionless.  She was dead alright, but Taven kept staring, hoping she would come back somehow.  It didn’t seem impossible; not in this world, anyway.
The blaring scream of the siren was behind him, in his background of senses.  Maybe this is what they call shellshock, he thought.
He glanced up at where the kid’s body lay.  That was Taven’s first kill, he realized.  Why’d it have to be a kid?  But maybe it wasn’t a real kid, he thought.  How did he know anyone was really their age here?  Ferah wasn’t even real.  Maybe that kid wasn’t either.  He wasn’t really dead.  Not really.  And neither was Ferah.  But how was he supposed to go on without her?  She knew her way around here, and she had the key.
The key!  He’d forgotten.  He reached down and began to grab the key from around Ferah’s neck, but as soon as he tried, his hand slipped through her suddenly immaterial body.  She was fading away.  She and the key both.
“Blast it!” he yelled.  He flinched, suddenly self-conscious at making undue noise.  Then he realized how foolish he was; the alarm was already ringing, and he had already used his gun.”
That meant they were coming for him.  He ran to the glass wall, the one the guard had been looking through.  In the room beyond them, he saw this construct’s version of troops heading his way.  They weren’t in official formation, but there were a bunch of them, a dozen at least, and they moved with the certainty that only came when you knew where you were headed.
He looked at his gun, holding its barrel up before his face.  Could he kill himself?  It would be painless, and then he could start over back at the house.
That was the sensible thing to do, right?  Because these people would torture him if they caught him, force him to give them the medallion.  No matter how much he told himself that none of this was real, that it didn’t matter what happened to him here, he was confronted by an undeniable truth: He didn’t want to suffer.
And then he remembered what Ferah had said about this construct, that it was the only place where the medallion would return to the rubble pile if he died.  This was a one-shot deal.
Can’t stay here, he thought.  Can’t waste myself, either.  That leaves . . . Plan B.
He glanced one more time out the glass wall, realizing that he’d be lucky to exit this room without his pursuers shooting him full of holes.  As he turned to descend the stairs, he noticed Ferah’s body was gone.
“It’s like you said, getting here’s the hard part.  Getting home is easy.”
Home sounded good right now.  But he was a long way from it.
He cleared the stairs and sprinted across the room, his footsteps making a high-pitched reverberation off the concrete floors.
He thought he heard people enter the room as he burst through the doors that he and Ferah had come in through.  No time to wait and see if they had noticed him, he knew.
Back-tracking through the complex was a relatively simple task.  The darkened hallway and auditorium had been indelibly etched into his memory.  And fortunately for Taven, he didn’t run into any trouble.
But after leaving the rectilinear building, doubt and confusion set in.  Ferah had led him through the maze of buildings, underground sewers, and back alleyways like a kid on her way home from school: too fast for him to notice all the landmarks.
The good news was that they had inadvertently left a trail of breadcrumbs.  Every time Taven thought he’d for sure taken the wrong turn, he’d come to an unlocked door, an uncovered manhole, or some familiar looking piece of garbage that told him he was still on track.
By the time he reached the building with the fire escape, he’d calmed down enough to do some thinking, enough to realize he had no idea what he was actually attempting to do.  What was plan B?
As he pulled himself up the rusty ladder, the only answer that came was that something important was in those bags that he and Ferah had left.  “It better be good,” he said to no one.
Suddenly, shots rang out, ripping up the brick wall near Taven.  Still clinging to the ladder, he wrenched his neck, trying to find the source of the shots.  But after another volley of bullets rained down near him, he decided it was better to focus on climbing.
He gasped for air as if he’d been under water as he pulled one leg over the lip of the building.  When both legs were over, he fell to the rooftop floor and exhaled.  He was safe, but only for a moment, he knew.
Two emotions competed in his mind: panic at being trapped up here, and excitement at seeing the bags.  Taven crawled to them, knowing that the gunfire he heard probably wasn’t readily a threat, but that at any moment, when they had figured out exactly where he was, someone would ascend a neighboring building and take up a sniping position.
He reached the first bag, and a glimmer of hope rose up inside him.  It was full of explosives of every kind imaginable.  He rummaged through the rockets and landmines, hoping he wouldn’t accidently set them off, until he found what he was looking for.
He grabbed two grenades, one in each hand, and crawled back toward the fire escape on knees and elbows.
The gunfire had subsided a bit, but Taven knew what that meant.  They hadn’t forgotten about him.  They probably had him surrounded, and he’d be lucky if a sniper didn’t take his head off as soon as he poked out to look.
“I could think of worse ways to go,” he said.
He looked at his grenades.  He’d have to pull their pins one at a time.
Just as he was beginning to question his plan, he heard the unmistakable sound of people climbing the fire escape.
He pulled the first grenade’s pin and threw it over the edge.  He pulled the second grenade’s pin, but before he could toss it, the first grenade exploded, rocking, the whole building.
Taven shook off the blast’s effects but then had a terrible realization: He’d dropped the grenade!
In desperation, Taven dove toward the grenade and threw it behind him as fast as he could.
Luckily, it cleared the edge before exploding, but chunks of brick and shrapnel riddled Taven’s legs.
He sat up and waited for the screaming high-pitched sine wave in his head to subside.  After a dumb moment, he examined his legs.  They were intact; if he were injured, it was only superficial cuts, and he couldn’t feel them right now.  He couldn’t feel anything for that matter.
What brought him back to reality—if you could call it that—was again that singular truth: the threat of pain and death.  More bullets landed near him, likely from a sniper in an adjacent building.
Taven rolled behind what looked like a chimney, though actually just an exhaust port.  He reached out for the bags, and as he did more shots rang out.  They didn’t faze him.  He was starting to become unafraid.  “Bad sign,” he muttered, pulling the bags back behind cover.  “That’s when you catch a bullet.”
He wanted to know what was in the other bag.  The explosives were a dead end, he knew. Sure, he could do a lot of damage and might even be able to hold them off for some time.  But eventually, he’d meet his fate and wouldn’t be any closer to reaching the Temple for his trouble.
He pulled back the zipper of the second bag and saw shiny silver objects.  They were some kinds of mechanical devices, though he wasn’t sure what they were used for.
He pulled them out and laid them side by side.  There were four, each with dual pistons.
“Two for me, and two for her,” he said instinctively.
Just then, his leg cramped—another unnecessary touch of realism.  He pulled it out, straightened it and lay back against the wall to try to get relief.
As he stared at his spasming leg, he made the connection.  The silver contraptions went on their boots.  Even the type of metal used matched up with the hardware bracing on his shoes.  But for what purpose? he wondered.
Maybe it was his subconscious trying to aid him, or maybe it was just fatigue setting in.  But Taven relaxed his eyes, letting them focus out beyond his legs and feet.
When he did, he noticed the series of buildings stretching forward like giant dominoes in a direct line toward the temple.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” he said.  Then a grin spread across his face.  “This is going to hurt.  I just know it.”
CHAPTER 22
AFTER STRAPPING A pair of pistons to each leg, he tried standing up.  More bullets screamed past him, causing him to bend over awkwardly to keep his head down behind cover.  He managed to stay on his feet, though he felt like he was walking on stilts; the machinery extended down under his boots, creating an additional two inches or so of metal heel.
He had a guess for how they worked:  For it to be remotely practical, he should be able to walk around on them without activating them.  He wouldn’t know how much pressure was required to actuate the pistons until . . . well, he didn’t want to think about that just yet.
“First, for a little distraction,” he said.  He opened the first bag and pulled out a surface-to-air missile launcher.  It looked simple enough to operate: just load the rocket—hopefully, the right way—point, and shoot.
He slid the slender end of the missile into the launcher until he heard something click.  Then the launcher beeped and blurped, signaling it was armed.
It would be a crapshoot, he knew, but there had been enough pot shots taken that he had a good idea where the sniper was positioned.  He took a deep breath and stood up, launcher over one shoulder, and aimed squarely toward the building from where the firing seemed to come.
His assessment was apparently true, because before he could get the rocket off, he saw a muzzle flash in the distance, the light traveling faster than sound or bullet.
He squeezed the trigger hard, hoping he didn’t get shot in the head first, or worse, get maimed and have to linger up there in agony before someone finally put him down.
The rocket began to fire off, his shoulder vibrating hard, and the slow but heavy kick of the missile threatened to push him backwards.
In all the excitement, he didn’t hear the sniper’s bullets fall.  He watched in amazement as the flying peril raced toward its target.  When it hit, he was stunned by the explosion.  Despite being at least one hundred yards away, the sound and fury were so intense that Taven found himself instinctively reeling back, taking cover behind brickwork.
He peeked over again and smiled at the carnage:  The whole top third of the building was a flaming inferno.  “Thanks, Ferah,” he whispered, and the thought made him sad for a moment.  He wondered if he would see her again.
He popped another rocket into the launcher and hobbled over to the lip of the roof where the fire escape used to be.  He peeked over, down at the street and pulled his head back.
There had to be fifty people down there, and he wondered what they were all doing.  Were they planning some kind of assault?  Or were they just waiting for him to show himself?
The question didn’t need to be answered, he decided.  “Time to give them their just desserts.”
He pulled the rocket to his shoulder and aimed it down at the street.  He nearly lost his balance, falling forward, but as he pulled the trigger, the pushback from the rocket helped right him.
He laughed out loud at the momentary dispersal on the ground—ants abandoning their post—as the rocket raced toward them.
Wasting no time, he moved back to the bag as quickly as he could on his new footwear, careful not to step too heavily.  He dragged the entire bag back over to the edge and examined its contents.
He was out of rockets but had several grenades and claymores.  The latter—he didn’t know if they’d do any good—would at least make life more interesting for those ants down there.
He grabbed the claymores, trying to understand how to arm them.  He didn’t know, and he didn’t have time to study them longer.  Knowing his luck, he’d just blow himself up accidently anyway.
He threw them overboard, and to his surprise, they exploded when they hit the ground.  All that was left in the bag now were grenades.  He thought about throwing them over too, but decided to keep them for later, tucking two into his cargo pants pockets.
He ran through the second bag, the one he’d retrieved the footwear from, and found two pairs of black leather gloves and something that resembled a crossbow, except it had a spool of wire on it.
“She must have packed it for a reason,” he decided.  The bow was too substantial to ignore.  The gloves, on the other hand, seemed like extra garb that he didn’t need, so he tossed them aside.  He put the crossbow’s sling over his shoulder and wore the bow on his back.  Then he checked his submachine gun, putting in a fresh magazine and returning the gun to his thigh holster.
“Alright,” he said, standing tall, facing the line of buildings that led to the Temple.  “Time to make like Peter Pan and fly.”
He hoped that in all the chaos, the goons below wouldn’t notice his escape.  Regardless, he had no time to waste.  Either this would work, or it would be such a colossal and painful failure that he would actually take the bathroom mirror’s offer to forget about it.  And then an even more painful thought occurred to him: having to retrieve the medallion from the rubble pile all over again, living and re-living this mission endlessly, or until they burned up in Jupiter’s atmosphere.
He started across the rooftop, and as he accelerated, he felt one of his piston sets pop.  Then the other.  They responded proportionately to the amount of pressure applied, and each step he took grew larger, his bounds higher, until finally he took the big one, the last leap off the building.
He put all his focused weight into that last step, and the foot gear—as if possessing intelligence—responded in like manner, propelling Taven off the rooftop and into the sky.
His elated relief at successfully clearing the edge soon vanished, replaced instead with the fear that he wouldn’t make it to the next rooftop.
He had no way to gauge things and no way to adjust his course once airborne.  A million thoughts ran through his mind, like how crazy this Plan B was and how even crazier he was for trying it.
But as he came closer to the second building and it became clear he was going to reach it, he realized two things:  One—Ferah must have calibrated these boots for just this act, and two—he needed to decide immediately whether he was going to try to land, stop, and jump again or simply bounce off this building on his way to the next.
The odds were impossible, but he couldn’t figure why stopping and starting would improve them much.  So, he went for it.  He landed with both feet, feeling the incredible pressure doubled by the impact of the boots re-actuating.
Fortunately, the reinforced boots and gear kept his ankles from snapping, but they did little for the rest of his body that experienced the worst case of whiplash imaginable.
Before his physical shock had passed, he found himself propelled into the air again toward the next building.  He was going to feel this in the morning, he knew.  Or would he?  If he succeeded, he’d be outside the construct and back to his old self, scars and all.  If he failed, he’d get a new body.
He reached the third and fourth buildings and cleared them in the same manner he had cleared the last one.  Now that he was out of immediate danger, Taven thought more about what he’d do at the final tower.  He thought about clearing it and jumping down to the ground near the Temple, but that seemed like he’d be pushing his jump-tech too hard.  It was one thing to move laterally, but to descend several hundred feet from the last building was just asking for broken bones.
He cleared two more buildings and was telling himself he had to make a choice about the final jump when he spotted trouble in the distance.  Actually, he heard it before he saw it.  And the sound of rotor blades cutting through the air was unmistakable.  A helicopter was intercepting his assault on the Temple, he realized.
He landed on the final rooftop, first trying to soften the impact by alternating his footing, but soon the clumsy move turned into a fast barrel roll that only stopped when he crashed into the ledge wall.
“Ah!” he groaned.  “Plan B hurts.”
The chopper grew louder, and Taven forced himself to move, something that every pain sensor in his body begged him not to do.  But he knew if he waited, the helicopter would be on him in no time.
He peered over the edge and saw the chopper hovering between him and the Temple, which he noticed was big and ornate with a golden dome like a desert mosque.
He knew he wouldn’t get a better chance than this, so he pulled out his submachine gun and prayed his bullets could pierce the glass of the flying bird.
For the first time since practicing with his six-shooter, he raised his gun and aimed before firing.  He squeezed the trigger and released an entire magazine of bullets toward the chopper in mere seconds.  Before the mag was empty, the pilot changed altitude, rising swiftly to get out of harm’s way.
Taven dropped behind the roof’s ledge and inserted another magazine.  “So much for aiming,” he said.  But the truth was that his bullets probably hit their target; it’s just that this vehicle wasn’t a simple civilian type craft.  It appeared to have armament under its wings, and Taven figured the glass was reinforced too.
He removed a grenade from his pants pocket, pulled the pin, and tossed it toward the chopper, which was nearly to the height of the roof now.
He watched in desperation as the grenade sailed past the helicopter and fell some fifty feet or more down below it before exploding.
“Blast it!”  He knew he’d never be able to time that right.
He raised his gun again, knowing it would probably have little effect.  “Just a little luck,” he said.  “That’s all I’m asking for.”
As the chopper rose even with Taven, he again squeezed the trigger.  Sparks emitted from the pilot’s windshield as bullets bounced off, and Taven even thought he saw the pilot smirk through the glass.
Then, as if to answer the pathetic attack from Taven, the helicopter’s .50 caliber machineguns fired.
Shock and awe.  Now Taven knew firsthand what the expression meant.  The mere sound of those guns made him drop to his knees and grab his ears, and by the time he noticed the brick wall coming apart from the heavy grain bullets, he felt empty, hollow of all genuine emotion.
Hollow or not, there was still a part of his brain working, and Taven knew he couldn’t stay where he was.  He sprinted toward the exhaust chimneys, the same kind of structure he’d hidden behind on the first building.
He slid sideways, rolled around its corner, and felt a new twinge of feeling return.  It was hope he felt, or maybe it was gratitude for narrowly escaping the jaws of the beast.  Either way, it was fleeting, because he was totally doomed.
He looked down at his hands.  They were empty.  He searched his holster.  It was empty.  He peeked around the corner and saw his gun glistening in the sunlight back by the ledge.
“Idiot!” he cried.  He still had the crossbow on his back, but what good would a primitive device like that do when thirty rounds of nine-millimeter had been ineffective.
He peered back around the corner, and the chopper blasted its cannons again.  He pulled back, his breath escaping him for a moment.
The longer he sat there, the more he was bothered by a mental itch.  It was an idea, one he was suppressing.  What could be so important, more important than the fact that he was pinned down and unarmed?
But that was just it:  Why was he still alive?  Why wasn’t the chopper releasing its heavy armament?  It looked like it had several air-to-ground missiles under its wings, and Taven had seen what a shoulder-launched rocket could do to a building.  A single one of those would decimate the entire rooftop and end the whole conflict.
He was a sitting duck, but he continued to sit.  Alive.  Unscathed for now.
And that was it.  They had him, he realized.  If they wanted him dead, they would have gotten him a while ago.  The chopper was keeping him pinned down for a reason.  It was for what Ferah had warned him about, why she had killed him when they’d gotten pinned down after retrieving the medallion.
They would do anything to get it from him, anything to convince him to give it to them.  He shuddered at the thought.
He decided to test his hypothesis.  He stuck his head out again, and the mighty guns erupted once more.  This time, he didn’t pull back, but faced them, which felt like playing chicken with an on-coming train.  Just as he’d expected, the volley of bullets tore up the floor several yards away from him, but they didn’t hit their target.  Or, rather, they did hit their target.  It was just that they didn’t want to kill Taven.  Maim, disable, until someone could talk him into giving them his medallion, sure.  But this chopper’s guns were too deadly, too devastating to risk shooting Taven.
He pulled back, satisfied that they weren’t simply going to kill him.  Now was the time to see how badly they wanted the medallion.
He reached into his pocket once again and brought out his last grenade.  He pulled the pin and held the grenade tightly in his hand.  This couldn’t end well, he knew.  But what choice did he have.
He stepped out again.  The guns roared to life, but like before, they only tore up the rooftop on either side of him.
He stood motionless with eyes closed until the beast finished its hellish scream.  When there was a break in the fire, Taven opened his eyes and raised the grenade high above his head for the helicopter pilot to see.
The firing didn’t return.  Instead, a voice came on over a loudspeaker.  “Surrender, and we’ll go easy on you.”
Just then, Taven heard sound coming from the ledge behind him.  He looked over his shoulder and saw that, like the other buildings, there was a fire escape.  Someone was on their way up, he realized.
“I’ll do it,” Taven shouted.  “I’ll drop the grenade.  Then you won’t get the medallion.  Back off!”
The chopper didn’t move, and the sound of boots on rusty steel scaffolding continued to come closer.
Taven moved toward the chopper.  If he had to blow himself up, maybe he could take out their little toy at the same time.
“This is your last warning,” said the pilot.
“Or what, you’ll shoot me? Taven asked defiantly.  “Then, it’d all be over.  Game over for you.  This is your last warning.”  Taven was screaming, partly because the blades of the chopper were beating the air so loudly he didn’t think he could be heard, and partly because he needed courage, needed to convince himself that he would actually go through with it.
Time was running out.  The fire escape would soon overflow with armed men willing to do anything to get the medallion.
Taven had killed that boy who shot Ferah, but it had been automatic, without thinking.  Killing someone’s hard, but killing yourself was even harder.  A bullet to the brain—that sounded downright cozy right now.  But shrapnel ripping you apart limb from limb until you bled out was a jagged pill to swallow.
This was it.  This was the end of the road.
It’s not real, he told himself.  None of this is real.
CHAPTER 23
BEFORE DROPPING THE grenade, Taven hesitated.  He was waiting for courage.  Maybe he couldn’t do this after all.  He tried to think of an alternative, another way out.
“Come on, you coward,” he shouted, goading himself to act.	 Then without warning, a surface-to-air missile ripped through the sky and smashed into the chopper’s tail.
Taven dropped down, and for a moment he forgot he was holding a live grenade.  He strengthened his grip again as he watched the flaming aircraft spin out of control and disappear below the ledge.
He hadn’t seen where the rocket had been fired from, but he had a hunch who had fired it.
Not wasting time, he ran to the fire escape.  He dropped the grenade over the ledge and scrambled to get behind cover.
This time, the explosion, though just as destructive, didn’t faze Taven the way it had back at the first building.  He had grown numb, or maybe he was just deaf now.  “I guess that’s what ten minutes of fifty caliber machine gun fire will do to a person,” he told himself.
He felt a new spring in his step, and it wasn’t the piston attachment.  He moved to the side of the rooftop that faced the Temple and looked over.  The helicopter—what was left of it—lay on the ground below in flames.
He scanned the Temple courtyard.  It was crawling with people, the anthill thoroughly kicked.
Gunfire.  But it wasn’t at him.  He found the object of their fire, right as Ferah launched another missile, which hit their position, obliterating a half-dozen armed fighters.
Taven’s heart jumped into his throat at the sight of Ferah.  She’d returned, and she was levying an assault on the Temple itself.
Quickly, he considered his options.  He still wore the piston attachment, but he doubted he could survive a sheer drop to the ground.  So simply skipping over the ledge was out of the question.
He picked up his gun, reloaded, and holstered it.  It was good to have it back, but it didn’t get him any closer to Ferah or the Temple.	 The fire escape was no longer an option, either.  He’d blown it to pieces.  Which left only one thing: the bow on his back.
He pulled it around and examined it.  On the quarrel’s end was a sharp point with four expanding edges that promised to stay lodged into whatever it could penetrate.  On the butt of the stock were L-shaped hooks, and the spool of thin wire had a winch to tighten it.
“Here goes nothing,” he said as he raised the bow to his shoulder and aimed.  He found Ferah again.  She had moved closer to the Temple, weeding out more of her assailants as she went.  Taven decided to go big or go home.  If the wire would reach, he’d try to hit the Temple wall itself near the ground and come down close to where Ferah was.
The shot rang out with a metallic clang, and Taven watched in amazement as the quarrel sailed through the air, the cable in tow unwinding behind it like a black tracer.  Then, the point hit the Temple wall, and a loud thud reached Taven a second later.
It was in.  He walked backward with the bow, trying to take out the slack in the cable and to find something around which he could tie it off.
He moved toward the exhaust chimney, eyeing the metal pipes that rose from it as potential tie-offs.  But the cable caught a couple yards before he could reach it.
“Blast it,” he said softly.  Then he thought.  Ferah packed this for a reason.  Just like the jump boots that were precisely calibrated so he would make it from building to building—she wouldn’t pack the bow with a cable that was too short for the job.
He walked back toward the ledge, tightening the winch manually as he went.  When he got to the edge, he realized the obvious solution.  The L-shaped hook perfectly caught on the lip of the ledge wall, and as he continued tightening the winch, he knew this was its intended use.
Just then, his cable wobbled wildly.  He followed it with his eyes and saw someone trying to dislodge the point from the Temple wall.
Two shots rang out and the person fell to the ground.  Then Taven spotted Ferah.  She looked up at him and smiled, then turned and continued fighting.
Before he had time to talk himself out of it, to question whether this super thin cable would support his weight, Taven shimmied himself onto the ledge.
He knew better than to look down.  He struggled to reach his carabiner, the metal clasp that was attached to his harness.  He pulled it forward and tried to hook it over the wire.  And when he did, he lost his balance and fell off the building.
For a split second, he thought he’d missed the wire entirely, that he was free-falling to his death, but soon he was reassured by the sound of metal on metal as he whooshed down the zipline at breakneck speed.
His body twisted back and forth until finally stabilizing in the forward position.  He was coming in fast, and he soon realized he hadn’t thought of how he would land.
His mind raced, but he couldn’t come up with an answer.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ferah still fighting.  She turned and yelled, “Slow down!”
It was only then that he understood that he’d left behind a critical piece of the puzzle: the gloves.  Ferah had intended for him to slow himself down with them, creating friction by gripping the wire.
Stupidly, he raised a bare hand to test the wire, and in a motion that was faster than conscious thought, he reeled it back in instantaneous pain.
He was out of options, and in the last moment before smashing into the Temple wall, he reflexively raised his feet to cushion the blow.
He closed his eyes, knowing that this might be the end.  Intense pressure met his feet, but to his surprise, the piston attachment cushioned the blow, and he heard the pop of a mini-explosion as the jump-tech activated and blasted him backward several yards up the rope.  This time, as he descended to the wall, he lowered his feet and found a soft landing on the ground below.
Quickly, he unclipped his carabiner and dropped to the ground, rolling behind a concrete planter box next to Ferah.
“Never seen that before,” she said as she popped over the box and fired her weapon.
“Didn’t exactly plan it that way,” he said.  He noticed Ferah had worn heavy body armor this time.  “Bring some for me?” he asked.
She kept fighting and answered over gunfire.  “After that kid picked me off, I didn’t want to make the same mistake twice.”
Taven sat up on his knees where he could look over the planter box, which was a pretty good place to take cover—earth and concrete stop most bullets pretty effectively.  The only downside was the ornamental grasses standing a foot above the planters that obstructed his view.  He had to look over them, and he realized that when he did, he wasn’t behind cover, just a flimsy curtain of grass.
Ferah had made quick work of the people near the Temple gate, but across the courtyard was a stronghold of half a dozen Hudsonites, held up behind a veranda wall.
Taven sat back down and looked at Ferah as she continued her attack, periodically firing overtop the planter box.  She was beautiful even now, even with all the heavy tactical gear and clothing.  And Taven had to remind himself who and what she was.
“You came back,” he said softly enough that he didn’t think she heard him.
“You gonna help, or do I have to do all this myself?” she said sternly.
Ferah was in charge again, he realized.  “Yeah, what should I do?”
“Lay down cover fire while I flush them out,” she instructed.
Taven nodded and readied his weapon.
“Go!” she shouted as she darted left and disappeared.
He popped up over the box and fired, his aim wild as he squinted and hoped no one shot back.  He wasn’t a good shot, never seeming to get over the sound and recoil enough to steady himself.  He hoped what he lacked in quality could be made up for with quantity as he finished off another magazine.
He crouched behind the planter and exchanged mags as fast as he could, and he realized he was down to his last magazine.
When he surfaced, he began to fire, but caught himself; Ferah stood in his way, her arms raised to keep him from shooting.
She got them all?  Apparently so.  He stood and grinned, but this time she didn’t return the smile but looked past him into the distance.
“That’s it for now,” she said, “but we need to hurry.”
Taven knew she was right.  Those buildings he had jumped had put some distance between him and the rest of that gang that was after him and the medallion.  But they could reappear at any time.
“Let’s go,” Ferah said as she turned and headed toward the Temple gate.
CHAPTER 24
THE MASSIVE MEDIEVAL wooden door looked like it belonged on the other side of a moat.  It was impressive, for sure, but Taven didn’t understand why this was so impenetrable, why there was a special key necessary to open it.  Why all the charades?  Why all the insurmountable odds in getting inside the Temple?
Ferah reached the door first.  She turned and said, “This part’s all you.”
Taven felt for his medallion.  It was strange how quickly it had become a part of him, an extra appendage he no longer consciously noticed.	 He pulled it out from under his shirt, and then in what felt like a mistake, he removed the medallion and lanyard from around his neck.
He stared at the medallion.  It didn’t seem so remarkable, unworthy of all the killing and violence that surrounded it.  But, perhaps, it wasn’t the medallion but what was behind this door that mattered.  He was there to meet Cat, warn her of the Hudson’s danger, and get the heck out of Dodge.  But what did all these other people want with her, with the green-eyed woman?
Just like some illustration from a children’s story book, the door with its massive handle and keyhole looked so large only a dragon could open it.
Taven, unsure how this all worked, inserted his medallion into the keyhole.  To his surprise, the hole sucked in the medallion—lanyard and all—like an old-fashioned vending machine eating coins.  Then the door vibrated, emitting an audible rumble, and turned into the same translucent color as all the portals Taven had used.
“Stick your hand in to keep it open,” Ferah instructed.  “I’ll go in, and you follow.”
Just then, gunfire sounded from behind them, and a volley of bullets riddled the Temple wall all around them.
“Hurry,” she said.
Taven obeyed, too fearful of the returning danger to worry about what lay behind the door.  Ferah jumped through.
“Hey, wait!” yelled a voice from behind, but Taven knew not to hesitate.  He jumped through and experienced the time/color/sound warp he had come to expect, but this one seemed to last longer as if he was traveling a greater distance.
When he came through, he was greeted with the sound of dripping water.  Then his eyesight returned, and he realized he was in an impossible structure, one that could never exist inside the Temple façade they’d entered.
“Over here,” Ferah said.
He looked for her but couldn’t see her.  Instead, he noticed sky lights, beautiful sunshine dripping down from above into a series of pools and fountains tucked in between a lush garden of hanging plants.  If any of this was real, he thought, it would count as the eighth wonder of the world.
“Where are you?” he asked quietly.  It seemed inappropriate to yell.  And, satisfactorily, Ferah heard him.
“Around the corner,” she answered.
This time he tracked her voice and found the corresponding intersection.  The stone walls were elaborate, slip-stone marble that could only be constructed by hand over decades, maybe centuries.
He followed the interior wall, touching it gently as he walked.  It felt real, more than real: the detail of each cut, the light green moss up inside the cracks where adequate moisture collected.
More impossibility—he noticed the sounds of gunfire were gone.  Maybe their assailants knew it was hopeless to continue pursuing them through the gate, but Taven had a hard time believing that bunch would just lay their weapons down and go home.  He could picture them unloading their magazines at the Temple gate and, perhaps, even turning their fire on each other in frustration.  Still, the interior of the Temple was quiet except for the soft sounds of water.
He came to the corner and exited the garden room.  This passageway—still big enough for giants to traverse—was darker.  But it opened up into another large room lit by stained glass windows like some ancient cathedral.
“What do you think?” Ferah asked, raising her hands and smiling.  She stood near the entrance of a grand hall.
“I think it’s impossible,” he answered.
“Nothing’s impossible,” she said, her smile gone.
He watched as she walked the length of a long, ornate woven rug that contained all manner of iconic tapestry.
“Should we be walking on that?” he asked.
“Rugs are meant to be walked on,” she answered simply.  He noticed Ferah was wearing an attractive thigh-length skirt, a thin cotton shirt and leather sandals.  She removed her sandals and began walking barefoot.  It was only then he realized their clothes had changed when they had passed through the portal and he was wearing linen pants and a lightweight, untucked shirt.
Taven would have argued with her, suggesting that she should be more careful, but he was too awestruck by the room itself and the object Ferah was approaching.
The hall had vaulted ceilings, the kind with wooden trusses and impossible spans.  Again, the realism seemed like too much for a computer-generated construct.  But simultaneously it was too fantastic for the real world.  At the end of the hall was an elevated landing with two golden chairs with red velvet upholstery.  One was larger and higher than the other.
“This is no temple,” he said excitedly.
“No?” she asked, her back turned.
“This is a king’s throne room.”
“Queen’s, you mean.”
“Yeah, I guess so,” he said, still bewildered.  As he studied the stained glass and tapestry—they seemed to tell a story, one he couldn’t quite decipher—Ferah climbed the two steps and sat on the larger throne.
“Do you think it suits me?” she asked.  Taven turned and saw her sitting there, her smooth skinned legs crossed neatly and her upper body leaning on one elbow.  She was lovely, and Taven knew she’d haunt him when this was all over.
“Absolutely regal,” he pronounced.
“Yeah, I think I could get used to it.”
“Why couldn’t your beach house just look like this?” he teased.
“Not a bad idea at all,” she said, her smile returning.
This flirtatious moment, this little fantasy of theirs—it was a recurring event.  He enjoyed it, though he knew it wasn’t real, knew she wasn’t real.  But there was always a saturation point when he couldn’t let himself go any further, an instance when he realized they had a mission and he was wasting precious time.
“So, where is she?” he asked.
Ferah seemed to notice his change in attitude.  Her smile vanished, and she stood up out of the chair and came to him.
“We came to the right place, obviously,” Ferah said.  “If she isn’t here, there’s no way to track her down.”
Taven started to ask Ferah if she had done all this before, but he remembered that she was a unique CG entity, one that was created when he entered the construct.  But she did know things, things he didn’t.
“So what?” he protested.  “We just wait for her?  How long will that take?”
Ferah shook her head and bit her lip.  “There’s just no way to know.  Could be days.  Could be years.  It’s as uncertain as anything dependent on the choices of a free-minded, free-willed individual.”
Those words, that jargon irked Taven.  It sounded too much like this construct’s propaganda.  “Can’t we call her or something?  I mean, surely this place has other ways of communicating besides an elaborate siege of a castle.”  His voice rose in frustration.  “This is life or death I’m talking about.  I’ve got to get out of here.”
Ferah drew closer to him and put one hand on his chest.  It was a calming gesture, and he remembered her doing the same thing back at the lake.  He knew it was manufactured, but it worked and he didn’t care.
“All’s not lost,” Ferah said.
“Yeah, well it looks pretty crappy to me.”
“There’s still time.”
“Says who?  I haven’t seen a blasted clock since I’ve been in here.”
“I’m just saying,” she looked into his eyes, and he was caught by them again.  “There are alternatives.  We don’t have to suffer like this.  Cat’s in the construct somewhere.  We could stay and wait.  We could go hunt for her.  Or,” she moved her body close to his, “we could do something else entirely.”
Taven felt himself drawn toward her.  Every fiber of his body was giving him the green light to embrace her, but his mind—his blasted mind—wouldn’t give in completely.
“Ferah, I’m—”
“Not in here, you’re not.”
She knew he was going to mention Amy.
“There is time, Taven.  Time is relative.  We’re not stuck like you think.  Be with me.”  She reached her arms over his shoulders, and he felt his arms—as if they had a mind of their own—move around her waist.
He looked into her golden-brown eyes, so far down he thought he would fall into them.  As he gazed, his eyes changed focus, catching a glimmer of white light.  It was the reflection in her pupils, sunlight coming in through the stained glass behind him.
Then he saw himself, saw his face in her eyes.  It wasn’t his real face.  His deep scar was missing, a manipulation of this construct.  He felt the realization land hard inside his mind:  Not only was Ferah unreal, even his own avatar, the body he seemed to occupy, was a fabrication.  He, this very moment, was being fed bioelectric stimuli by the Hudson computer.  This was a game, an artifice, and as long as he could remember this fact, he could never be happy here.
“No,” he whispered.  “I can’t.”
Ferah closed her eyes as if bracing herself from the negative emotion.  That was odd, he thought.  CGs shouldn’t feel anything, and if she’s some imagined perfect woman, why would she get upset?  That’s not what I want.
She stepped back and a gentle smile—not the one he’d seen before—emerged.
Taven watched, incredulously.  What was she doing now?
Then Ferah spoke, “You can’t say I didn’t try.”
She closed her eyes again, and this time there was a change.  Her skin-tone shifted hue.  At first, it was like the translucent gate, but then it seemed to solidify, and when it did it was no longer warm, smooth tan; it was pale with hints of rose blush.
Ferah was morphing into someone else, he realized.  She grew a couple inches taller, and her hair turned black and became shoulder length with bangs.
Just as Taven’s confused brain had almost pieced together the identity of this transforming figure, Ferah—or the person who used to be Ferah—opened her eyes.
They were bright green.
“Cat—” he whispered.
CHAPTER 25
TAVEN STEPPED BACK, horrified and confused.
“Don’t be like that,” Cat said with her Aussie accent.  “It’s still me.”
“Still who?” he stammered.
“The one you call Ferah.  It’s me you’ve been with this whole time, Taven.”
“Then you’ve been lying to me, and for what?”  He felt like stomping off, getting away from this imposter.  But despite his confusion and anger, there was a part of him excited by the fact that he’d finally found Cat.
Then it hit him: “You could have taken me home a long time ago.”
“Not exactly,” she said.
Taven crossed his arms and waited for the explanation, but none came.  “Well?” he added, finally.
“Taven, there’s much you still don’t understand about this place, about the Hudson and its inhabitants.”
“Let me guess; you’re not going to send me home until you convert me or set me straight somehow.”
“No, it’s not like that.”  She seemed flustered for a second, which struck Taven as odd after having seen all the green-eyed woman’s confident projections.
“I wish you’d stop being in such a hurry to leave,” she said.  “There’s time.  You just don’t realize it.”
“That’s where you’re wrong.  And how that’s possible after all you’ve heard me say and do—I don’t know.  Let me be clear—and this is why I came here, risked life and limb in the first place.”  He stepped forward closer to Cat, who flinched at his aggressive gesture.
“Your ship,” he continued in a loud tone, “the Hudson, and all its inhabitants are in trouble.”  He drew out the last word like she was an idiot, incapable of understanding simple language.  “Our slicers threw a chunk of asteroid into the Hudson.  She suffered some damage, but the worst thing is she’s out of orbit, on a one-way trip toward Jupiter.  And we can’t stop her.  The computer won’t take commands from us, and if we send back to Earth for help, you’ll be gone before help arrives.”
Taven’s frustrations mounted as he spoke until he reached the final cadence.  “Do you understand?” he asked.  “Someone needs to wake up and turn the ship around!”
Then, he felt a release of tension like he’d finished something.  He knew he’d done his duty, and if Cat or anyone else didn’t listen, it wasn’t his fault.
“Thank you, Taven,” she said calmly.
“That’s it?  Thank you?”
“Well, you did damage the Hudson after all.  I can’t exactly jump up and down with excitement, can I?”
Slowly, the humor he’d enjoyed with Ferah came through, and Taven suppressed a chuckle.  “I guess not, but—”
“Like I said, there are things you don’t understand.”  Now, it was her turn to step forward.  And as she did, Taven thought she—Ferah now Cat—was going to try to embrace him again.  But she stopped short and offered her hand.
He looked at it, the pale thin fingers that he didn’t recognize, but somehow when he looked Cat in the eyes, those green eyes, there was something familiar.  Something of Ferah was there.  Slowly, he took her hand.
“Let’s go somewhere more comfortable,” she said.
And with that, the walls themselves began to shake and turn color.  This time, as the whole world seemed to dissolve, Taven was able feel Cat’s hand, to maintain their connection through the all-consuming portal.
His other senses faded, and the first one to rematerialize was sound.  He was surprised to hear birds chattering and squawking, then the gentle crash of waves.
He felt hot sand under his feet.  Then, as his eyes squinted from blinding white light of a midday sun, a cool wave crashed over his ankles.
“Whoa,” he said, letting go of Cat’s hand and jumping out of the water.  “I didn’t expect that.”
He took a look around and slowly realized where they were.  There was a dock a couple hundred yards down the beach and a single sailboat tied to it.
“This is where I wanted to take you, where you considered going with Ferah,” she said quietly.  Then she walked up the beach toward the shade of palm trees and a little thatched hut, the only other human made structure in sight besides the boat and dock.
Taven followed her, and the shade they found was like quenching a thirst he didn’t know he had.  Next to the hut was a table and chairs, the kind that was made out of some knotty tropical wood that held up to the humidity and elements.  He thought he’d seen that warped grain before, maybe on his and Amy’s honeymoon, though he couldn’t be sure.
“Ah, that’s better,” Cat said as she sat down.  “I didn’t bring sunscreen, and—construct or not—I don’t want to get burned.”
Taven sat down across the table from Cat and looked out onto the sea.  “I thought that was the lake next to your house.  This feels like the ocean.”
“It’s both,” she said, smiling.
“Of course it is,” he said.  He wanted to ask more questions, but so far, they’d been like verbal quicksand; the more he asked, the less he found out and the more mired in confusion he became.  So, he just sat and waited and pretended they wouldn’t crash into Jupiter in the next few moments.
“You know, I would have told you eventually . . . after we had some fun, that is.”  She smiled and looked at Taven out of the corner of her eyes.  Even at this angle and lighting, her eyes glowed.
“The Hudson,” she continued, “was a colony.”
“Was?”
“Let me finish,” she said politely.  “The Hudson was a collection of like-minded individuals who were guided by the belief in a singular dream: a world, constructed or otherwise, guided by the non-aggression principle, the assertion that no person or group of persons has the right to coerce or inflict violence upon anyone.”
“Don’t tell me they’re a bunch of pacifists gone bad?” Taven chimed in, and as soon as he did, he remembered what he’d been told about Cat and her history of violence before the Hudson.
“Hardly,” she said.  “The non-aggression principle doesn’t rule out the use of violence if one is acting in self-defense or all parties agree ahead of time to engage in conflict.”
“Well, that’s as clear as mud,” Taven said.  “I was on the other end of plenty of violent acts, and I never once asked for it.”
“But you did, you just didn’t realize it,” she said.  “Each of the constructs you entered listed their parameters, the terms of service, so to speak.  By entering them, you agreed to interact with others under those predetermined parameters.”
“So, unrestricted meant anything goes, including killing each other?”
“Well, yeah.  Basically.  Remember, not all of the constructs were like that.”
“Oh, I remember,” he said sarcastically.  “I got kicked out of the others for sneezing wrong.  Or maybe it was because I had bad posture.  I don’t know.”
Cat smiled like a mother amused by the innocence of her juvenile child.  “You know, the language we’re engaging in right now is as primitive and unsophisticated as feudalism or the divine right of kings—all things that Earth-based societies abandoned long ago.  At least, the last time I checked, they had.”
Taven didn’t respond.  He didn’t know what she was talking about, and his expression must have said as much.
“Tell me, if you’d like,” she said, smiling at her own semantic predicament, “which is ruder: a command or a question?”
Taven still didn’t know what the heck she was after.  “Neither.  I mean, why would a command or a question be rude?”
“Okay.  Good question,” she said.  “Would you agree that—assuming I don’t know you and you’ve done nothing to harm me directly—I don’t have the right to come up to you and hurt you?”
“Of course.”
“Would you also agree I don’t have the right to then demand that you become my slave and do my bidding, and that if you disagree, I can harm you?”
“Slavery’s been illegal for centuries.”
“So, what do you do—what would you do if you asked someone a direct question and they won’t answer you?”
“I’m not sure,” he said.  “I’d probably assume they didn’t hear me and ask again.”
“But what if they never answer and they don’t even acknowledge you exist?”
“Well—I guess—eventually, I’d be perturbed.  Everyone deserves the common decency of a response.”
“I see,” she said.  “So, everyone is your slave then?”
He still wasn’t following her, but he didn’t want to admit it.  “No, I just said everyone deserves common decency.”
“But if someone doesn’t answer you, you feel the right to be angry.”
“Maybe eventually.  After giving them several chances,” Taven said.
“And then what?”
“I guess it depends on the situation.  I guess I’d walk away.”
“That would be the honorable thing to do,” she said, “but the truth is that many people resort to physical interaction.  First, they shove or push the person as if they needed waking up.  Then, some resort to striking them.  It’s amazing what lengths people will go to make someone answer them.”
“That may be the case—I wouldn’t know—but what does that have to do with anything?”
“Well, let’s say you’re the other person,” she said.  “Let’s say you’d like to be left alone.  Not only would you like to not respond to questions, you’d rather not be spoken to at all.”
“Then I’d stay home.”
“Yeah, that works for a little while.  Then your boss calls or your family and friends.  Then, if you don’t return messages or answer the door when it’s knocked, guess what happens?”
He shook his head.
“They kick your door in, that’s what.  They say it’s for your protection, to be sure that you are okay and that you hadn’t fallen into a coma or become too ill to call for help.  But they bust your door down.  There’s no escaping it.”
“I see,” Taven said, though he thought the whole notion was a stretch.  “So, the Hudson colonists wanted to collectively put a ‘do not disturb’ sign on their ship.”
“In a manner of speaking, yes.  That’s why we hid out in the Belt.  When the Hudson was launched, mining expeditions out here were rare.”
Taven’s brow scrunched.  What was she talking about?  They’d been mining this Belt since before his father was born.  Obviously, Cat and everyone else here didn’t think the same way most people did.  Maybe they were crazy, the whole lot of them.  And if they were, or even if they were just eccentric, Taven felt he had to keep his opinions of them to himself.  Cat was still his only ticket out of here as far as he knew.
“So, I still don’t understand why questions or commands are as rude as someone kicking your door down,” he said respectfully.
“Let’s go about it from the other angle,” she said.  “Do you like being told what to do?”
“Not especially, but if it’s my superior and it’s their butts on the line, and they’re having to make all the hard calls—it ain’t so bad.”
“And that’s a good example, a good explanation of what’s going on here.  You don’t like taking orders from strangers or anyone else to whom you haven’t consciously decided to submit.  That’s what many of the restrictions are about.  Some constructs allow statements but no commands.”
“Okay, I guess I could understand wanting to go about things that way, but I still don’t understand what the big deal with questions is.”
“To many Hudson colonists, a question is synonymous with a command.  Think about it; if I say ‘what is your favorite color?’ I’m really saying, ‘you tell me what your favorite color is.’  Right?  Questions are just veiled commands.  And commands are just veiled threats.  There’s always a silent ‘or else,’ at the end of every command.”
Not totally convinced, but wanting to seem agreeable, Taven sat and nodded his head.
“Hey, wait here a sec,” Cat said, patting his hand on the table.  She got up and went into the hut.  A moment later, she returned with two drinks, the kind that come in an opened coconut.
She sat his down before him.  “Hope it’s alright.  It’s a bit girly, but hey, it’s my island, my drink.”
She was right.  Taven, despite the tropical climate, wished he had that unfinished brewski he’d left on his coffee table, not to mention the Italian sub.  But if he played his cards right, seemed interested in this weirdo cult, soon he’d get to leave.  Or, at least, he hoped so.
“So, I think I understand the restricted rooms and why I was kicked out of them.  But what’s with all the war-torn cities?  Why were they all so violent?  I mean, every single one of them?”
“That’s the part that we didn’t anticipate,” she answered.  “And it’s the reason I said the Hudson inhabitants were a colony.  In my mind, they aren’t anymore.  And, I’m afraid, it’s ultimately my fault.”
“I find that hard to believe,” Taven lied.  Then he had the alarming thought:  What if Cat could read his thoughts the way he believed the construct and Ferah could?
But he scanned her eyes and found no indication that she had picked up on his deceit.  Instead, she was wrapped up in her tale, her plight.
“You see, they gave me special powers, and I told them it was a bad idea.  But they wanted me to be the gatekeeper.  They wanted a single individual to be able to change the rules, the basic operating procedures of these thousands of constructs.  And, you know, new ones are being built all the time.  But they all have to abide by the original guidelines.”
“So, you are in charge,” Taven said.
“Not exactly.  I mean, yes, in a manner of speaking.  But I wasn’t meant to be calling the shots all the time.  I was supposed to go about living just like everyone else.  Except, if they discovered some major flaw in the programming, something highly problematic that was missed or miscalculated by the original coders—then, I was the backup.  I could go in and make tweaks, and then everyone would go on.”
“Let me guess, things didn’t go as planned?”
She shook her head.  “Quickly, the populations began segmenting.  The peaceful colonists ended up retreating to the restricted constructs, while those who had been wolves in sheep’s clothing—and let me tell you, it was a surprising number—they took over the unrestricted zones and set up little kingdoms, domains for their gangs to control.”
“What, there’s no police?”
“Naïve, I know.  Now I know.  Back then, we all thought the restrictions would substitute for policing and that some kind of natural order would kick in relatively soon in the unrestricted spaces.  I mean, we were all highly motivated, seemingly highly ethical people united by a political ideology whose main tenet was that people had no right to bully, coerce, or cajole—let alone kill people.”
She took a long sip from her coconut drink and stared out onto the ocean as if lost in memories she’d rather forget.
Taven felt uncomfortable with the silence, like he ought to say something, but he had no idea what.
Finally, she turned to him, her eyes still on fire.  “You know the worst thing?  I still could have gone on despite the chaos and violence.  I could have constructed my own worlds and filled them with like-minded people who shared my same values.  We could have lived happy lives with restrictions that kept out the ruffians.”
“That seems to be exactly what you’ve done,” he said.
“Yeah, I’ve got my little retreat.  That’s correct.  But notice how many people are with me.”
“I figured you just wanted it that way.”
Cat’s face changed, a hurt look as if Taven had shoved in further the arrow already lodged in her back.
“You think I want it this way?”
“I just assumed.  You’re the gatekeeper.  You make the rules.”
“That’s the problem.  Everyone else knows that too.  Why do you think I made the medallion so hard to get?  That’s the key to getting an audience with me, and when things first started getting off the rails, those gangs forced me to—”
She stopped and turned her head as if holding back tears.  When she regained her composure, she simply said with a flat tone, “They all want power.  Most of them just want control of others.  But some of them are really disturbed.  They’ve built up some kind of cult, a religion with me at the center of it.  I’m both the object of their scorn and an icon of veneration.”
The last sentence, she spit out like foul-tasting medicine.  And Taven finally understood her plight.
“Why not just pull the plug?” he asked.
She looked him in the eyes, those eyes that promised to cut you in two, for a long moment, then said, “I think about that every day.  Believe me, I do.”
Taven processed her words.  Then a question came to mind.  “Why all of this?  I mean, I get why you’d hide the medallion on the rubble hill and make it hard to get and all, but why have the medallion at all?  And more importantly, if we can just whisk away to this island willy nilly, why couldn’t you have saved both of us all the trouble of retrieving the medallion in the first place?”
“Those are big questions,” she said softly, sipping her drink again.  She paused, and Taven felt as if she expected him to reframe them or pick just one.  He didn’t.  He deserved an explanation.
“The medallion didn’t used to be called the medallion and didn’t used to be hard to find and use.  It was akin to a help kiosk, and instead of finding me inside the Temple, the computer would just yank me out of whatever construct I was in and bring me to the kiosk to answer questions.  What eventually became known as the medallion is a foundational piece of code, meaning it can’t be altered without rewriting the entire source code.  The hill, the Temple gate, and all the rest were things that I was able to alter to give myself a chance for peace.”
“So, you couldn’t just show yourself to me before we got to the Temple?”
She shook her head.  “Not without a rewrite, and there wasn’t time for that.  You said it was urgent.”
“But you could have spoken to me, told me who you really were.  There had to have been an easier way,” he said.
She looked away again, and Taven realized he was right; it could have been easier, but she had chosen to do it this way for a reason.  He could tell by her mannerisms she wasn’t going to volunteer the information, so he decided to go about it a different way.
“I saw you in the first world, the one where I got torn to bits by the fighter plane,” he said.
“That’s right.  I was watching you there.”
“How’d you even know where to find me.  I mean, was it because you knew I was from outside the construct or what?”
“I told you how hard I made it for people to get the medallion.  But that’s only half the story.  The medallion exists for a reason.  It’s part of the foundational coding for a good reason.  People need to be able to talk with someone who is able to make changes, just in case there’s an emergency or . . . some people want to leave.”
“So, people do leave?” Taven asked.
“In reality, no.  No one leaves, but they could if they wanted to.  And I keep an ongoing alert for every time someone mentions Cat in the construct.”
“Must be exhausting, like a deity answering prayers.”
“Something like that.”  She grew quiet again.
“There’s more,” he prodded.  “Why appear as Ferah?  Why become the object of my desire, as you put it?”
“Well, the woman you took out of the construct, the one you traded places with—she really did have this computer-generated companion, so the precedent was already there.”
She cleared her throat and sat back in her chair as if she was bracing herself for what would come next.  Taven noticed her hands gripped the arms of her chair.
“Do you remember how the inside of the Temple looked?” she asked.
“Yeah.  It’s gorgeous.  Hanging gardens and the throne room with all the stained glass and tapestries.”
“What else do you remember about the—” she paused at the word, “throne room?”
He shook his head, drawing a blank.
“There were two chairs,” she said.
Taven still didn’t understand.  Was there someone else?  Had there been?
“I had hoped,” she went on, “that you as an outsider might become—” She stopped, apparently too embarrassed to say it out loud.  “Look,” she said.  “I’m all alone.  I just hoped you would like it here and that, maybe, you’d learn to like me too.”
Taven, shocked by what he immediately knew was the truth searched her eyes.  But she wouldn’t look at him.  Instead, she gazed out at the sea again.
Taven reached one hand out and touched her chin, gently turning her face toward him.  No matter how he prepared himself, looking directly in her eyes always evoked a feeling that he couldn’t ignore.
“Ferah—” He caught himself, and she smiled a sad smile with him.  “Cat,” he corrected, “I’m sorry.”
“I know.  Me too.”
“You know why I came.  I needed to warn the Hudson colonists before it’s too late.”
“And you’ve done that now,” she said calmly.
Taven blinked.  “Have I?”
“You’ve done all you can.  The rest is up to me.”
Taven wasn’t satisfied.  Sure, he was ready to leave, but somehow, he wasn’t convinced she would tell the others.
“Are you going to exit the construct and make repairs yourself?” he asked.
“That’s complicated,” she said flatly.  “No one that leaves is allowed back inside.  And besides that, I don’t have the unanimous consent of the inhabitants to make repairs or change the course of the Hudson.”
Taven felt like he was talking to a total stranger, not Ferah, not Cat, but some random official who spoke in administrative jargon and bylaws.
“But you’ve got to do something or you’ll all die,” he said.
“We’ll see.  There’s time.”
“No, there isn’t.  That’s what I’ve been telling you.  Someone has to act fast.  I don’t care about all the silly rules you think you have to abide by.  Trust me, these people should thank you for saving their lives with or without consent.  We would have done it ourselves if we could have gotten past the computer.”
“I understand, Taven.  But there is time.  Time is relative.”
Then the two grew silent, both apparently having said their piece but neither persuaded by the other person’s arguments.
“I guess you’d like to be on your way,” Cat said, standing up and walking out into the sunshine.
Taven felt like she had multiple personalities, that she phased in and out of different profiles depending on the situation.  Then, he decided, everyone was like that to a degree and that, perhaps, this is what the construct does to a person: magnify and compartmentalize the personality.
He stood from his chair but didn’t answer.  He still felt as if the wrong word or phrase could ruin everything and he’d be stuck here forever.
As he followed her out onto the beach, a small part of himself wished it were true, wished he would screw up and have to live here.  He could learn to do it.  He could learn to forget his other life.
Cat walked to the water’s edge and again stared out toward the horizon.  Taven stood beside her and saw what she was looking at.  It was a beautiful sunset, yet another impossible scene.
“Are you ready?” she asked without looking at him.
“No.  But it’s time.  Are we going back to the Temple?”
She exhaled and smiled.  “No.  Remember, getting here is the hard part.  Going home is easy.”
She took his hand, still without looking at him, and led him into the water.  “Here, face me,” she said.  He was knee deep with his back to the sea, and the small waves moved him enough that he feared losing his balance.
“Hold on to me,” she said smiling sweetly.  Then they locked arms, and he meditated upon the lonely green eyes that he believed he would never see again.  “Don’t look away,” she told him, but there was no chance of that.
A mighty rush of wind swept through like a sudden storm, except the sky—Taven could see it out of the corner of his eyes—hadn’t turned dark or cloudy.
He maintained his gaze.
The water around his legs receded, and he suddenly realized that the sea had sucked in its water, breathing in deeply, before delivering its next blow.
“Goodbye, Taven Smith,” she said.  And Taven felt the spritz of salty water on the back of his neck before the giant wave covered them completely.
Before he could panic, before he could think of trying to swim out of the deluge, he was greeted by the now familiar translucent glow that stripped him of fear and consciousness.
CHAPTER 26
TAVEN GASPED FOR air in the darkness.
“He’s out,” a familiar voice said.
He flailed his arms trying to swim, but they struck hard objects he didn’t recognize.  Then two hands grabbed him by the shoulders.
“Taven, it’s alright.  Talk to me.”
He knew that voice too, but the darkness continued to shroud their identity.  He stopped flailing and tried to relax, though he had one of the worst cases of vertigo imaginable. If it wasn’t for the fact that he could breath and he could hear people talking, he’d be convinced he was upside down under ten feet of water.
He let the two hands on his shoulders calm him.  He trusted them, and soon the first pinhole of light appeared.
“Can you hear me?” someone asked.
He tried to speak, but his mouth felt like it was made of floppy rubber.  Finally, he uttered, “Yeah.”
He heard a loud sigh in the room as if someone was relieved.
Moment by moment, his vision grew brighter and clearer until he realized he was looking into golden-brown eyes.
“Ferah?”
“It’s me,” Ferah said.  She was looking over him with an optimistic expression on her face.
It was Ferah, alright.  But not the Ferah he’d come to know.  Not his Ferah.
“Do you know where you are?” she asked as she shone a penlight into both of his eyes, temporarily blinding him again.
“Uh, yeah.  Back on the Hudson,” he said.
“Back?  You’ve been here the whole time, Boss.”
Taven turned and saw the man-child Mack grinning.
“Get me up,” Taven demanded.
Ferah pulled his weightless body up and over the glass tomb he’d been living in.  Then she helped him stand upright until his space boots met the floor.  She reached down and turned on their magnetic pseudo-gravity, and Taven felt them click down onto the floor.
“There.  That ought to do it,” she said.  Again, she looked her patient over, and when she looked him in the eyes, Taven tried to find her, catch a glimpse of the woman he’d known in the construct.  It was the same color, the same blond freckles in her iris.  But this Ferah never seemed to recognize him.  There was no knowing in her eyes.  Sure, she knew who he was, but gone was this all-in-one fantasy woman.
“Good as new,” she declared.  “Glad to have you back, sir.”
Taven felt a rush of adrenaline as he had a moment of panic:  What if he was still inside the construct?  How would he ever know the difference?  This could just be Cat’s elaborate plan to keep him here.  Maybe you couldn’t leave the construct.  Maybe what happened to the woman they’d removed was what would happen to everyone.
“Water.  I need water,” he said, trying not to show his panic.
“Sure, Boss,” Mack said, handing him a stainless-steel bottle.
Taven took a deep draw from it and held much of the water in his parched dry mouth.  He examined the bottle as he savored the drink.  It seemed as if he hadn’t had anything to drink in days.
His eyes focused on the container, but his mind was elsewhere, still evaluating his surroundings and questioning what was real.  Then he snapped back to the present as he noticed his reflection in the metallic bottle.
Even in its dull matte finish, he could make out the deep scar that ran down the right side of his face.  “That looks real,” he whispered.
“What’s that, Boss?” Mack asked.
“Nothing.  Well, give me an update.  What’s our status?”
Mack and Ferah looked at each other with bewildered expressions.
“You probably know as much as we do,” Ferah shrugged.
“Yeah, did you get my messages?” Mack asked.
“Which one?  Yesterday’s or from the day before?”
Again, Mack and Ferah looked confounded.
“Somebody, start talking,” Taven said impatiently.
“Sir, how long do you think you’ve been gone?” Ferah asked.
“I dunno.  Felt like three days, at least.  But there weren’t any clocks inside the construct.”
Ferah’s eyebrows raised with amazement, and Mack started belly-laughing.
“What’s funny?” Taven insisted.
Mack stepped over beside Taven and raised his wrist console.  “Boss, look at the time.”
Taven did, but the numbers didn’t mean anything to him.  “Am I supposed to care?”
“Boss, you’ve been gone less than five minutes.”
Now it was Taven’s turn to be shocked.
“Oh, man.  That’s so blasted weird,” Mack said.
“It’s the dream state, I bet.” Ferah said.  “You know how time doesn’t feel the same when you’re dreaming?  I bet it’s the same inside the computer-generated constructs.”
Both Ferah and Mack chattered on like this for several moments, but Taven was in his own world.  Not a constructed CG world, but not the real world either.  He remembered all the things Cat had told him about the relative nature of time and how she and the rest of the Hudson colonists had time to figure out what they needed to do.  She had been right all along.
His fuzzy mind struggled to do the arithmetic.  He’d spent what felt like three days in the construct, but in the outside world only five minutes had passed.  That meant every outside hour felt like thirty-six days inside the construct.  And every outside day was . . . well, all he knew was that Cat had what amounted to more than a thousand days before the Hudson would reach Jupiter’s atmosphere.
When the jabbering had subsided, Taven realized that Mack and Ferah were watching him.
“You okay, Boss?” Mack asked.
“Sure.  Good as new, just like she said.”
They looked at him still, as if he hadn’t passed their test.
“And about to be even better,” Taven continued, “because we’re going home.”
Their confused looks returned.
“Wait, aren’t we going to try again?” Ferah asked.
“Not on your life,” Taven said, amused at the unintended irony.
“But we can’t just leave them to die,” Mack said.  “Someone has to go back inside and try again.”
“No.  We’ve done all we can.  The rest is up to them now,” Taven said.
“Look, I know you feel like you were in there for days, but only five minutes passed for us.  It seems like we’ve only scratched the surface,” Ferah said sincerely.
“Yeah, I get that.  But you guys don’t know what I know.  All that can be done by us has been done.  It’s over.”
“I’ll do it,” Mack said.  “I should have gone in the first time.”  Mack moved toward the glass, but as he passed by, Taven put his hand on his chest.
“No, Mack.  I said we’re done.”
“I’ll do it right.  I’ll get it done, Boss.  Don’t worry about it.”
“That’s not the issue.  The issue is—”
“Look, I’ll be back in five minutes or less,” Mack said as he brushed past Taven on his way toward the glass capsule.
“Mack!” Taven shouted with an authoritative tone that even surprised him.  “I said we’re done.  Pack it up, we’re going home.”
Taven continued to stare down Mack, waiting to see if he’d follow orders.  After a tense moment, Mack caved.  “Sure, Boss.  Whatever you say.”
Taven relaxed.  “And, Mack,” he added, “don’t interrupt me again, or I’ll have to shoot you.”
Mack stared back, obviously befuddled by Taven’s comment.  Finally, Taven smirked, and Mack’s expression changed to one of relief.  Then Mack chuckled before erupting into full-blown laughter.
Taven caught Ferah’s watchful eye.  She was smiling, though he didn’t think she really found the situation funny.  She was probably glad they were in the clear now, that Taven had returned, and all was fine.  Everything was almost like it had been before, except…Taven was different, and everybody knew it.

CHAPTER 27
THE WAY BACK to the St. George, and back to Earth for that matter, was mostly painless.  The biggest hurdle was dealing with the Hudson colonist that they had removed from the construct.  Ferah had sedated her after her episode coming out of the sleep chamber, and everyone had hoped that the apparent psychosis was temporary.  Taven suspected otherwise, but he kept his guess to himself.
Following Taven’s instructions, Ferah and Mack had attempted to plug the colonist back into the construct.  Everything had looked good until the last moment when, according to Ferah, it should have worked but didn’t.  There had been conversation about whether the sedatives were interfering with her ability to integrate into the construct, but Taven realized then that Cat had told him the truth after all:  Once you leave, you can never go back.  The construct was a one-time deal.
Taven reflected as he rode his slicer back to the St. George.  No wonder Cat had been hesitant about fixing the Hudson; she would have to leave the construct for good.  And then what would there be left for her?  She was already alone inside their made-up world, but at least she could make some things the way she wanted them.  Outside, in the cold reality, she’d be alone on the Hudson, the only conscious member, and unable to live the life of her choosing.  How much can be sacrificed in the name of duty? he wondered.  Shouldn’t carrying out one’s duty result in a better life for everyone, including the dutiful person?
Back onboard the St. George, Taven left the incapacitated colonist to Ferah and her team.  The rest of this woman’s life—if she ever truly was alive again—was to be spent outside the construct.  She was a casualty or might as well be.  All that Taven and his crew could do would be to transport her safely back to Earth.  He dreaded the additional paperwork that would have to be filed, and he knew that Meyer Corp would be obliged to send another ship back to check on the Hudson.
By that point, thousands of days would have passed inside the construct, and Taven considered the real chance that Cat wouldn’t exit the ship.  She could let it all end, burn up as their ship enters Jupiter’s atmosphere.
Regardless, he doubted anyone would ever find the Hudson again.  Even if Cat exited the construct and got the ship back on course, she wouldn’t hide it in the same place twice.  They’d disappear in another isolated part of the Belt, a sector in the solar system so dense with debris you couldn’t throw a stick two yards without hitting rock.
Taven walked the halls of the St. George, seeing everything anew, the way all travelers do the first time they return home from a long voyage.  Except he’d been gone minutes or hours, not days or weeks.  And the crew that interacted with him treated him the same as always.  They had no idea what he’d seen, what he’d been through.  And they never would.
Taven reached what Meyer Corp called the captain’s room.  It was a cruel joke as far as he was concerned.  The one and only time they referred to a mining foreman as captain was behind closed doors where no one but Taven could appreciate it.  Still, it was the nicest room on the ship, bare bones as it was.
He collapsed into the plush glorified beanbag beside his bed.  Before him was the black vid-screen, and he felt the impulse to turn it on.  He resisted.  After being inside the Hudson, he wasn’t sure he wanted any more virtual life.  Not right now, anyway.
But then he remembered that he had unfinished business.  He touched his wrist console and activated the larger vid-screen in front of him.  After toggling through a few menus, he pulled up Amy’s last message, the one he needed to respond to.
He hesitated to hit record.  He knew what he needed to do, what he should say, but he also knew there’d be no turning back, that even if he relented after he got back to Earth there’d be a price to pay.
“There’s always a price to pay.  No matter what,” he told himself.
He pressed the record icon and took a deep breath.
“Amy.  I got your message, Sweetie.  I’ve got good news and bad news.  The good news is that we finished three weeks early, hit our payload capacity, and are heading home.  That means a pretty substantial early-completion bonus.”
“The bad news—and I don’t really think it is bad news, not ultimately.  Honey, we can’t go on that trip you’ve planned.  Call Jamie and cancel.  And don’t send Evelynn to your mom’s.  If you want more time away, I’ll keep her.  I’ve been missing her real bad.  Both of you.”
“I can guess your reaction right now, so go ahead and calm down and breath.  It’s going to be alright, and no, I’m not going to change my mind when I get there.  The reason we’re not going on the trip—one of the reasons is I don’t want to spend my break with Jamie, and you know that.  But the real reason is that we’re going to need every credit we’ve got.”
He took another deep breath.
“Because I’m done mining.  I don’t know what I’ll do instead, but I’ll find something.  I know you won’t understand, so we’ll talk about it more when I get home.  Just know I’m serious about this.  Things are going to be different from now on.  Love you, dear.  See you in about three weeks.”
And with that, Taven touched his wrist console and ended the recording.  The screen prompted him to either save or transmit the message.  Again, he hesitated, then hit the transmit icon.
“There,” he said, “it’s done.”  Except he knew it was anything but done.  It was just beginning, and he could hear Amy’s voice now.  It wasn’t pleasant.  And it wouldn’t be pleasant when he made it home, not the kind of arrival he had hoped for, anyway.
He told himself that he had to remember the way things used to be, how life was once different back when he and Amy were first married and before he signed up to mine the Belt.  If things were good once, they could be good again.
He thought about Evelynn and how big she probably was getting, how she always seemed heavier each time he picked her up.  He smiled, knowing he was making the right choice.
Then a thought popped into his mind, and he snapped his fingers.  “Blast it.”
He quickly touched his wrist console and started recording again.
“Hey, Sweetie.  I forgot something.  You don’t have to join me if you’re still mad.  But I wanted to invite you to dinner, my first meal back home.  Let’s go to Gus’s, that sandwich shop in Montreux where we used to eat.  They have an Italian sub and an IPA that have been calling my name for days.”
CHAPTER 28
“READY, BOSS?” MACK asked, standing in the doorway.
Taven grabbed the last item from his room and joined Mack.  “First one in, last one out,” Taven said as they began walking the halls of the St. George together for the last time.
“You sure you’re done?” Mack asked with unusual concern in his voice.
Taven didn’t answer for a second and just kept walking.  The rest of the crew had already left their posts, and Mack could have done the same.  Mack was impulsive, but he was loyal.  And Taven felt the need to make it seem like this was a hard decision even though his mind was firmly made up and had been ever since he’d come out of the Hudson construct.
“You’ll see it differently in a few years,” Taven finally replied as they came nearer to the airlock.
“Hey, I’m not far behind you, you know?” Mack responded.
That was true, technically.  Taven was only five years older than Mack.  “Trust me,” Taven said.  “Things change.”
Taven turned around to glance at the St. George’s interior one last time.  It was surreal; the usually bustling, sardines-in-a-tin-can experience was gone, and the inside of the ship, minus crew, looked downright roomy.  It was as if this flying dragon was trying to tempt Taven to change his mind, to stay for one more tour.  He shook his head and smiled, then turned and walked through the airlock.
Immediately after entering the white-walled, brightly lit Scrub Bucket—Meyer Corp preferred to call it a quarantine orbiter—they were prompted by the ship’s computer:  “Dispense all personal effects into trays and place on the receiving belt,” the female voice said.
“She sounds nice,” Mack said.  “Wonder what she’s doing later?”
Mack’s predictable juvenile joke was now only half-funny to Taven, because it made him think of Amy.  He really did miss her and for more reasons than Mack would guess.
Mack emptied his pockets into one of the small trays and sent it down the conveyor belt.  Quickly, his effects, a tiny iridium nugget and his data stick, disappeared into the cave-like mouth of the machine, on its way to being spic and span clean.
“They better not ‘lose,’”—Mack raised his fingers making air quotes—“that rock like they did two tours ago.”
Taven remembered the incident.  Somehow, the supposedly unstaffed and completely computer and bot driven disinfecting sequence had lost Mack’s nugget.  In the end, there wasn’t anything Mack could do; technically, Meyer Corp had them dead to rights.  All rock carried back on the St. George was Meyer Corp property, even the nuggets stowed away in pockets.
Now it was Taven’s turn to place his personal effects on the belt.  His arms were full, and he struggled to set them down.  Clumsily, he released the artwork Evelynn had drawn for him onto a tray; he couldn’t decide if it was supposed to be a landscape or what.  But it didn’t matter; it was from his baby girl.  Then he placed a framed portrait of Amy and his Freidman Institute sweatshirt on top of the drawing.
It now seemed strange for him to have the shirt from his alma mater.  He had never really thought of himself as a scholar, and his two years at the Institute hadn’t been spent studying.  Still, the shirt had been a link to his former life before mining and had been a reminder that this job was supposed to be temporary, that he had other things he’d started to do and could go back and finish when the credits were right.
“That’s all?” Mack asked.  “If I had to clean out my room…I’m just—I don’t know.  You pack light, I guess.”
Taven grinned as his effects disappeared down the belt.  “I kept telling myself that this wasn’t my career and that if I didn’t set up camp in my room that I wouldn’t get too comfortable here.”
“I guess it worked,” Mack said.
“Yeah, but only if you think six years counts as temporary employment.”
“Hey,” Mack said excitedly.  “Maybe they’ll promote me, give me your old job.”
Taven doubted it, but he didn’t want to burst Mack’s bubble.  “I’ll put a good word in for you,” he said.
Mack slapped him on the back and stepped forward to the next decontamination station.  As they passed through the gate, a soft bing sounded.  An electronic voice barked: “Place all personal effects into trays on the receiving belt.”
Mack froze, then began searching his pockets.  Finally, he found the offending item in his shirt pocket and removed it.
“Ah, I guess we gotta do this now,” Mack said as he handed Taven an old-fashioned pocket watch.  “I didn’t have time to go shopping, you know.  So, this is your retirement gift.  It used to be my great-grandfather’s.”
Taven was stunned by the gesture.  “This is too much,” he said.  “You should hang on to family heirlooms.”
“Nah.  I figured you needed it more than me,” Mack teased.  “All those days inside the construct and all.”
Taven gave an obligatory chuckle before Mack snatched up the watch and ran it back to the conveyor system.  Over the last three weeks, this had become a new running joke between them.  At first, Taven had insisted that it really had been three days that had passed inside the Hudson construct and that time was relative, just like Cat had told him.  But soon, after all the scoffing and jokes, he realized they would never believe him, and he’d decided to agree with them and say that the computer had just played tricks with his mind.  He dreaded debriefing the higher-ups at Meyer Corp about the incident.  He hoped Amy and Evelynn were waiting for him on the other side of the quarantine orbiter, but he knew the bureaucrats from Meyer would be.
Mack came back, and they proceeded to the next station, turning a corner and appearing to move into a different section.
“Dispose of all clothing here,” said the voice again.  What looked like the swinging door of a trash incinerator blinked its lights on the wall near them.
“She’s getting kinky,” Mack said as they disrobed.  “You know computers these days: no time for foreplay.”
“Don’t you think this is overkill?” Taven complained as he shoved his clothes into the chute.  They whooshed away as the door closed.  “I mean, when was the last time you heard about miners bringing home a new disease?”
“Yeah, it’s more likely we’ll take something out there with us and all succumb to it,” Mack agreed.  “If the Union would actually stand up to them, we’d do all this before we left Earth, not after.”
Taven’s mind flashed through all the implications and remembered that Ferah and med-school graduates like her represented a compromise to that old debate.  In the end, it was cheaper for Meyer Corp to hire a doctor than to waste more time on health and safety.  This part of the process, the quarantine orbiter was a formality, Taven knew, a means to remove liability in case there was a disease outbreak on Earth.  The corporation didn’t really care about the miners in space.  If they got sick, they had already signed away their rights to sue.  But if non-miners contracted a disease later on . . . well, that could be expensive, and this orbiter was Meyer Corp’s get-out-of-jail-free card.  Or so Taven believed.
They moved on to the next module, and the door shut behind their naked bodies.  Taven couldn’t help but feel like he’d walked into a trap, like he had entered a gas chamber and was to be exterminated.
No longer was everything antiseptic white.  The walls all glimmered stainless steel, and Taven abraded his foot against the rough drain grate in the center of the room.
“Raise arms above your heads,” came the voice.
They complied, and Taven heard a momentary hiss before ice-cold liquid sprayed them from all sides.
“Do not inhale disinfecting spray,” came the voice again.
“Now, she tells us,” Mack coughed.
The spray stopped, and Taven felt his goosebumps covered body turn strangely warm as if the chemicals were reacting with his skin.
“Spread apart your legs and touch your toes,” said the voice.
“Now this is where I draw the line,” Mack said, though they both obeyed.  “These new computers think they can jump from first base all the way to—”
The spray returned and interrupted Mack’s foolishness.  He let out a big whoop, and after a couple seconds, the spray stopped.  Then a new whirling sound came before hot, dry air rushed over them like they were part of a wind tunnel experiment.
“Please stand and raise your hands above your heads,” instructed the computer.
“Now she says please,” Taven said, robbing Mack’s chance at making the joke.
After they were dry, they were instructed to continue standing still, and Taven saw the lights flicker before a new buzzing sound came on.  This was his least favorite part, the radiation treatment that they were told would be harmless after taking the subsequently prescribed pills for the next two weeks.  Meyer Corp told them the pills ameliorated its effects —that was the word they used repeatedly—but Taven didn’t buy it.  The more they said it, the more he knew they were lying.
Finally, the buzzing stopped, and the voice said, “Proceed to final station.  The bio-scanner is a single-occupant unit.”
“Not it!” Mack shouted as he lunged forward and entered the scanning chamber.
After about a minute, Taven heard a celebratory “Yahoo!” come from the other side of the chamber, Mack apparently gaining his freedom and a fresh set of new clothes.
The door opened, and Taven entered.  “Stand by for bio-scanning,” said the voice.
Taven waited.  After a couple seconds, he saw through the translucent walls of the spherical room two glowing orbs which began chasing each other like motorcycle daredevils inside a circus cage.  The orbs raced faster and faster until turning into a blur.
Then there was a loud kerplunk that made Taven bolt, and the two orbs came to a sudden halt.
“Bio-scanner is a single-occupant unit,” the computer seemed to say angrily.
The door he had entered the chamber through opened again as if it was waiting for him to exit.  After a moment of not knowing what to do, Taven stuck his arm through the door and pulled it back inside.  The door shut, and the computer told him again to stand by for bio-scanning.
The sequence started over.  This time, the whirling orbs stopped before getting to full speed, and the voice gave him yet another “single-occupant” message.
Frustrated, Taven said, “Computer, re-scan.”
Surprisingly, the bossy computer obeyed Taven and began another sequence.  Taven held his breath, waiting to see if it would yet again stop prematurely.
After a few tense moments, the whirling orbs peaked in speed, ostensibly sustaining their scanning power for about thirty seconds.
Taven began to breath easily.  This seemed like it was going to work.  Whatever had gone haywire with the scanners was about to become somebody else’s problem.  And soon Taven would be off Meyer Corp property for good.
Gradually, the orbs came to a smooth stop, their glow fading away.  Then a soft binging alarm began to sound, like the one that had gone off when Mack had forgotten to remove the watch from his pocket.
“Oh, great,” Taven said, knowing something was off.  “Computer, what’s wrong.  What’s happened?”
“Subject’s bio-scan complete,” it answered.  “Subject’s DNA has been altered.  Contamination source . . . unknown origin.  Remain calm.”
Then he heard the doors lock and the unmistakable sound of airlocks engaging before the computer added, “Help is on the way.”

The story continues in Rebel’s Gambit (Sim-Verse: Book 2).


AUTHOR’S NOTE
You made it to the end!  I hope you had as much fun reading Rebel’s Construct as I had writing it.
You know, creating stories can be a strange experience.  Ideas for the story don’t come linearly, and often—as is the case with me—you can’t remember how some ideas came together at all.  Before I forget, and in case you were wondering, here’s what is still with me about the genesis for this story.
It all started with a car ride with a good friend of mine from Tennessee to Virginia.  We’re both musicians and were on our way to perform a concert that weekend.  Both of us consider ourselves to have above average manners, which consequently means we commonly find people saying incredibly rude and insensitive comments.
Are we extra nice or just snooty?
Additionally—and this is the real germ of the idea—we share a sensitivity to sound.  Now, that may seem like an obvious statement; we’re musicians after all.  But what I’m describing is more than just being able to identify a chord progression by ear or tell which bassist is playing on a Miles Davis recording without checking the album’s liner notes.  I’m talking about the inability to tolerate loud, chaotic, or obnoxious sounds.  For me—and this depends very much on whether I’m stressed out, well rested or not, etc.—multiple sound sources are the worst, e.g. people talking over the radio or my kids simultaneously watching two different videos on their tablets in the car.  And the louder the sound, the more intolerant I become.
Already, I’m worried about what you are thinking: he’s cookoo, or wow, he thinks he’s special.  I don’t want to sound like a weirdo or a self-absorbed jerk, but I’m telling you the honest truth.  These things drive me and my friend crazy with a capital C.
So, along this six-hour car ride, we were both on our best behavior, trying not to get on each other’s nerves.  Idiosyncratic as we are, it was inevitable that we’d still get under each other’s skin, and the thing that surfaced this trip was interruptions:
Friend: I don’t think that (long pause) . . .
Me:  You packed the right shoes?
Friend: No, I was going to say that I didn’t eat enough breakfast.
This type of innocent back-and-forth happened repeatedly, and, yes, I was the jerk who tried to anticipate his comments instead of letting him speak freely.  This drove him a little nutty, and by the time we reached Virginia it had turned into a running joke.
This experience led me to a series of observations and questions, some of which I shared with my friend then:
1. Sound is invasive.  We have the right to close our doors and turn away soliciting strangers, but we can’t demand that someone doesn’t call us, doesn’t drive by with a loud muffler, or that a little birdy doesn’t sing up a storm outside our bedroom window.  (not unless we soundproof our abodes)
2.  Questions are commands in disguise.   This was covered a little in a conversation between Cat and Taven.  Every question is a demand.  And every demand is a veiled threat.  We have so many social obligations related to speech.  If I say, “Excuse me, can you tell me what time it is?”  Whoever I spoke to is expected to say, “It’s ten-thirty,” or “I don’t know,” or “No.”  What’s not expected and what would be interpreted as rudeness would be no answer at all.  How is it we expect verbal answers to every question, and if we don’t get them, the silent party is guilty?  It would be like sending someone a letter that says, “You owe me a million dollars unless you sign and return this form.”  Of course, that would never obligate someone to give you a million dollars, nor would it require a response at all.  But on a smaller, more exaggerated scale, this is exactly what happens every day of our lives as we interact with others.
3.  Speech is violent.  As much as I try to live my life by the non-aggression principle and the golden rule, I’ve come to believe that speech (as is customary in modern society) is predicated on small violent infractions upon others.  And we take turns doing it.
Now, this may sound ludicrous and I may never convince you, but it all comes down to one’s definition of violence.  We can all agree that beating up someone is a violent act; there’s an infliction of physical pain.  We can also agree that robbing someone at gunpoint is a violent crime, because there was a very real emotional injury as well as the threat of physical harm, not to mention the loss of property.
What about other coercive acts?  What about a letter informing you that you’ve been chosen to serve your country in the next war or that you owe taxes?  No one calls these messages threats except those who are brave or stupid enough to say no to them and who end up caged somewhere working for pennies an hour in a state penitentiary.
I’m an introvert and a recluse by nature.  I build my castles high and dig my moats deep.  So, it’s understandable that I’d be more easily troubled by innocent seeming day-to-day conversations.  Speaking a friendly “hello” doesn’t seem like a violent act, I know.  But if you can describe violence as an injection of chaos or a loss of autonomy, then it is.
Behind the non-aggression principle is the basic belief that we as human beings have the right to be left alone.  God, nature, the universe—however you want to explain it—may encroach on our lives, but other people don’t have the right.  I, more or less, believe this to be true.  But I also recognize that every time I interact verbally with others, I’m throwing bits of chaos at them, and they are casting rods of chaos toward me.  It may not ever be someone’s intent, and intentions matter.  But it happens simply because we are individuals, and individuals don’t share the same thoughts.  As much as we try to align ourselves with our brothers and sisters, we are different, and these differences account for the chaos we inflict on one another.
Carried to the extreme, simply walking past someone on a street can be injurious to them.  Imagine me, a tall bearded man, walking past you in a dark alley at night.  You don’t know me.  You don’t know my intentions.  My mere existence is setting off your Spidey sense like mad.
Thoughts like these were the germs for Rebel’s Construct.  I wanted to explore them, to see what could be done about them.  Ultimately, I discovered—far into the writing process, mind you—that total alleviation of this communal violence wasn’t tenable.  Efforts to completely remove it would create unintended consequences that would make the anxiety inducing day-to-day speech pale in comparison.
Thanks for sticking with me through these ramblings and for voluntarily suffering the violence of my words.  Here are a couple parting thoughts:

* Sign up to my email list to get writing updates, deals, and a free short story:
https://www.subscribepage.com/b7x8r2

* Please consider leaving a review.  They are a huge boost to an indie writer’s credibility with prospective readers.



Until next time,

Allen
