Reclaimed
By
Elimelec Gonzalez Roman
Smashwords Edition
***
Published By:
Elimelec Gonzalez-Roman on Smashwords
Reclaimed
Copyright © 2012 by E. G. Roman
First and foremost, thank you for downloading this eBook. Enjoy the content and share it with your friends!
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated. Again, thank you.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.
Please Note: Adult Language is present.
Thriller, Mystery, Sci-Fi
****

27 May 2014
Preface

Trickles of sweat streak down my brow. My hands are gripped tight on the steering wheel, and my foot is down on the gas.
I'm on Interstate 185 Southbound heading to Columbus, Georgia, somewhere there; I believe was the last place Ron, Andrew, and I were at before coming across a search party of human-look-alike extraterrestrials that split us apart as we made a run for our lives.
So before I get too far ahead of myself, let me explain a couple of things. 
My name is Wesley Stamps and I’ve been on the run for roughly three weeks now. Catastrophe struck nationwide on sixth of May of this year, 2014.
It was spontaneous, one moment I’m sleeping in after a long night and then the next I’m traveling down Interstate 65 south leaving behind the city of Birmingham, Alabama that was turned to a pile of rubble by an unknown explosion.
So perhaps your wondering how I ended up in Georgia, and why I'm now on route to Columbus? Well a series of events that I'll explain as I make my way towards Columbus.
---
Few Weeks Earlier

“Wes…”
It’s Ronald Jenkins, a kind Army Sargent that saved my life. He’s been wandering with me since the beginning of this mess. I set the pen down and glance up at him.
“What’s up?”
“We have to move,” His gaunt and sallow face strings his lips to a grimace, “I have an eerie feeling about this place, kid.”
I slump my eyebrows and stare away. It pains me when I stare into his pale blue eyes.  
I close my journal, pick up my backpack from the floor, and stuff both the pen and journal inside.
“Where’s Andrew?”
“Digging through the shit-pile over there trying to find food.” Ron replies.
I snicker. “Awesome. I guess he didn’t see the grocery store right there.”
I point through the broken window at the grocery store across the street.
Where are we you wonder?
Well, we’re currently in an abandoned Chevron gas station lounge in Dothan, Alabama.
Dropped by to see if there’s any gas. Ron, Andrew, and myself, have been pushing the car for about five miles now… it’s exhausting, and not a single gas station in this strip has a nip of gasoline.
Ron pats my shoulder, “Hey Wes you ok kid?”
I nod.
“Y-Yeah, yes… sorry,” I hesitate and fake a smile, “I’m just--” A pain washes over me that leaves tears streaking down my cheeks. My soul radiates in an omnipresence that catapults an awkward irk to my stomach.
“Ah fuck Wes.” Ron mutters. He spreads open his arms. “You look like you need a hug kid.”
 He gives me a hug and embraces me as though my father.
“Just relax, everything will be ok, we just have to stick together and keep on pushing forward. We can’t give up… or they’ve won.”
The they in his sentence is this unknown force that has somehow, not only, invaded our nation, but also managed to obstruct all communications without anyone outside our little group.
I sob, “I k-know I k-know it’s just I feel so helpless,” I press my head against his shoulder, “My world, our world, everything I strived for is over, all over”—
I hear Andrew clear his throat, “Y`all seriously fucking with me? This isn’t the time for this.”
Andrew and his typical comment… I lock my jaw shove Ron away and leave the station.
“Goddamn it Andrew, don’t make me ram an oar up your ass.”
I need a respire of fresh air. This cooped up claustrophobia is getting to me. The loneliness is nibbling and nibbling on my sanity… I don’t know how much longer I can remain me.
“Dude, Wes I was kidding man, lighten up!” Andrew yells.
I sigh. “Guys please keep your voices down.”
“There’s nobody around. Look around you kid.” Ron says. “And if there were I’d for damn sure like to see a new face for god’s sake. Where the FUCK did everyone GO!” Ron yells at the top of his lungs.
Andrew snaps in fingers, “Don’t say that shit, I’m expecting zombies to pop out anytime now.” Andrew says.
“You shut the fuck up. You and your god damn zombie bullshit is driving me insane.”
“Look here dude, I ain’t lying. They’re coming. Just give it time.”
Ron takes a breath, “Wes hold me back kid, I’m going to knock some sense into this moron!”
I turn away from the compulsion of stupidity and examine the Ford F150 that we’ve hauled this far parked about ten feet away from me. It’s not just a typical pick-up truck; it’s become our home.
Our belongings and random stuff we’ve collected since the beginning of our journey is piled in the back.
I face Ron and Andrew, both an inch from each other’s face, staring each other down. 
“Let’s grab some food and just get going to Florida please!” I beg.
Ron scoffs, “Psh, don’t have to tell me twice.” 
Ron leaps through the broken window and sprints off towards the Grocery store across the street.
“Hurry up then, this place gives me the creeps.” Ron says.
I shake my head and hurry behind him.
“What do you mean?” I mutter.
“There has to be something around here, I can feel it… no gas from every single one of these gas stations isn’t normal. Some one, or perhaps, people, have taken refuge around here.”
I hear Andrew closing behind us as we cross the street.
“Thanks for leaving me behind assholes.” He says.
“Your digging through shit while there’s a grocery store there.” Ron replies.
“Well I didn’t see it.”
“You do seem to be the average height of a woman.” Ron adds.
“Fuck you!” 
“Don’t be mean Ron,” I say as I burst out in laughter.
“God, You’re both assholes.”
I groan. “Weren’t you the one that wanted to lighten the mood?”
Ron slows down to a walk, “Shut it for a minute. Draw your weapons.” Ron says.
I grab my Smith and Wesson nine-millimeter sterling silver Enigma, cock a bullet in its chamber, and draw it forward.
Ronald has his Military Issued 5.56mm M-four Carbine assault rifle with a Trijicon ACOG scope and Andrew with his gargantuan twelve-gauge auto shotgun… for his zombie slaying, obviously. Me, I’m scared of big guns and their recoil, so I’ll stick with this nine-millimeter.
“Point that bitch towards the ground kid, don’t want a bullet in my ass if anything decides to jump out.” Ron says.
I break a smile. “S-Sorry!”
I lower the pistol to my side. 
As we go up the hill we get to a ten-foot chain-link fence and notice the empty parking lot before us.
“Strange.” I say.
“Y`all tall fucks couldn’t have noticed this too?” Andrew says. “You expect me to climb that?”
Ron faces him and gives him the evil eye. “Don’t make me go fetch that katana.”
Andrew gives him the finger.
“Can you two quit with the profanity? Have you heard me say anything seriously offensive?” I say.
“Yeah, remember when that big explosion picked up our car and dragged us to hell, you said Oh Shit.” Andrew replies.
I roll my eyes. “Ok, that’s once, and I believe I lost consciousness too.”
“Ha, so. I still proved you wrong”—
Ron claps his hands, “Both of you quit the whining and open your fucking eyes for a second. Look at this, a big fence is blocking this area, people have got to be taking refuge in there.” He glances at me, “Let’s check it out.” Ron says.
“You do have a point… this is the first grocery store I’ve seen with a fence blocking its surrounding,” I stare at the driveway, “Hell even the driveway is blocked off.”
“Exactly. Let’s take a look inside."
Ronald flicks open his knife and starts cutting down on the metal fence.
“Hurry up, look at the sky man, i-it’s getting ugly.” Andrew says.
I feel the profound hot gusts of wind blow against my body. The black clouds hasten across the sky at an unnatural pace. A storm is coming no doubt about that.
Ron begins to yank on the fence, “Wes, pull on the other side.”
I hand the gun over to Andrew and begin pulling on the fence. I strip it down and roll it to the side. With the applied force I manage to yank the rail clean off the gravel.
I take the gun from Andrew and go through the slit.
The ground trembles.
“Oh fuck.” Ron mutters.
I glance back and see him staring into the sky.
“W-What now?”
Ron's eyes met mine, “Aftershocks.”
“No shit?” Andrew says.
Another tremble occurs, this one more powerful than the other. I drop to my knee and plow my hand into the dirt. Andrew falls on his rear and then grabs a hold of the fence. Ronald on the other hand just stands there like a statue unfazed by the powerful earthquake-like vibration.
“This isn’t normal guys… this means there’s still a resistance out there somewhere. But where in god’s name could they be hiding?” Ron says.
“I told you, Alaska.” I say.
Ronald shakes his head. “No, they can’t be that far away… doubtful they’d have a base of operation in that shithole.”
“Exactly, the most unlikely spot.”
An aftershock picked up debris and swirls of dust from the parking lot and bathed us with it.
“If there is or isn’t anyone in that grocery store best to crash there until this storm is over with.” I say.
“Ah s-shit, think I busted my tailbone on that fall.” Andrew says as he limps through the fence. “Fuck, y`all goanna get me killed.”
Ron glances my way and winks, “That katana might have come in handy just then.” 
“Oh my god, shut up!” Andrew said.
I snicker, “You two are going to end up killing each other. Let’s just get under cover for a bit.”
“That’s if the zombies don’t appear anytime soon.”
“Andrew, from now on, whenever I hear you say zombie I’m going kick you in the balls.” Ron says.
“ZOMBIE!” Andrew blurts into Ron’s face and then breaks into a sprint towards the Grocery store entrance.
Ron chases him.
Apparently discretionary precautions swooshed out the window… I might as well point my gun into the air and shoot a bullet. Go in guns blazing. 
And finally, some more time to myself while we evade this gale that’s bellowing outside.
As I expected, this grocery store we’re in isn’t an enclave of surviving humans. From corner to corner the place is stripped bare. So no food or water.
We’re crashing inside the Employee lounge that was locked up. After breaking in we found two vending machines and pulled out a bunch of sodas and junk food.
This should get us through the week, or so I hope it does, at least until we find some real food.
Ron leans against the lockers and crosses his arms, “We need to go hunting tomorrow.” Ron says. He glares at me, “If we’re to survive any longer… we need nutrition, real food," Ron flicks his snickers bar, "This shit isn’t going to cut it. I saw a Home Depot near this building, might be able to scavenge some useful tools and some camping equipment.”
“Hell yeah, time to round up couple of deer!” Andrew mutters as he bites a chunk off a snickers bar, “Goddamn this is good.”
Ron moves towards the vending machine and shakes it, “Hey Wes let’s barricade this door with this. Take the other end and push.” 
 I nod and hurry over to the opposite end. “Ready.”
“Alright, one… two… push.”
 I push with as much might as I can muster. The screechy grind from the rusted metal beneath the machine leave my ears ringing.
“Ok that’s far enough.” Ron says.
“Awesome.” I reply.
Ron glances at Andrew, “Why didn’t your fat-ass come and help?”
“Hey I’m tired.”
“Tired from what?” I say.
“Well, boredom.” Andrew replies.
Ron shakes his head and sits down on a chair, “You’re a lazy fat bastard you know that right? Have you lost any weight at all? How the fuck do you keep it on?”
“Fuck you!” Andrew says as he bursts into laughter.
The following morning…
We chose to huff it with a bunch of camping gear through a forest. Ron said it’s safer to travel through the wilderness since we could bump into food and it’s good to avoid unnecessary attention.
We’ve already had a run in with a search party of these invaders… and sad to say, they look exactly like a typical human being.
Something I forgot to mention: these so-called extraterrestrial life that has landed on earth aren’t the typical green fleshed monsters that are usually seen on television... they're human-look-a-likes. The two we bumped into had the same ivory skin, eye-color, and even height... the differences were not apparent at first glance.
They even speak our native language… so I’m not sure what to think of them. However, we did kill that party, so Ron believes they’re after us because of that. Then again we’ve yet to bump into any other survivors… which doesn’t make any sense to me.
Where’d everybody go?
That's an excellent question. I have no clue. Hard to believe I know. But believe me when I say, throughout our travel, from Birmingham, Alabama, to right now Dothan, Alabama, there hasn't been a single instance when we've met up with another party like ours.
When we started on our journey, from city of Birmingham, our first goal: was to hit Mobile Bay, Alabama, and get into some evacuation transports that were supposed to take us to Alaska. I missed that message, and I’m sure many others did too.
And as you can obviously tell, a horrific incident occurred on route to Mobile Bay, Alabama that deviated or course to Florida.
The humidity is abysmal. The heat unbearable, even cluster cooped inside this forest full of shadows and occasional breezes. Nothing kept me cool, I’m bathed in my own sweat and I feel disgusting.
Ron passes his fingers through his damp jet-black hair, “Goddamn this trip…” Ron says as he wipes the sweat from his brow, “I feel like we’re sucked in some bull shit fantasy novel full of random ass shit. I’m expecting to see a dragon flop on out of that bush right there,” Ronald points over to a clutter of bushes near a tipped over tree. 
I snicker, “You’re priceless.”
“So you’re imagining that a dragon will sprout out of a bush but you don’t believe zombies will come?” Andrew says.
I sigh and roll my eyes. “I think a dragon seems more believable."
“You know Andrew, where’s my god damn katana, because you know where it’s going to end up right?” Ron says.
Andrew groans. “Up a zombie’s ass?”
“No, your ass. Hopefully it’ll rip all that bullshit out.” Ron replies.
“You know what, fuck you!”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
--
Escape
A strange hum stops our movement. Ron's eyes open wide as he turns and faces the direction this unnatural breeze and hum is coming from.
"Helicopter sounds." He mutters.
Not too far through the cluster of slender tree trunks embedding the forest, two rope-like things slid down.
"This is not the time to stand here with our thumbs up our asses guys," Ron faces me, "RUN! RUN!" He screams.  
Instantaneously I turn around and break into a spring, "Hurry, hurry, RUN!” I scream.
I huff it through the wilderness. I trip on a vine, land with a breath-depleting thump, and then roll down a decline until my body splashes in a stream of ice-cold water.
A vibration shook the ground and less than a second later aftershocks strip through forest floor. As I raise the shock catapults me face first into the shallow edge of the stream. I feel my face scrape through the rocky surface as the rocks carve into my skin like knives.
I raise my head up from the water and see streaks of blood streaming with the water.
I shiver and crawl back on the bed of leaves where I collapse and set my head down to rest.

Moments Later…
To echo, to reach, and only to realize, I am the stone amidst the wake of the storm.
I open my eyes and see the parading leaves of the grand oaks dancing with the tug of wind brushing through the forest.
I pass my fingers across my face and feel the scratches, lumps, and dried blood. The pain stings more than anything I’ve ever felt before, more than the very impact that caused it. The good news is… my nose isn’t broken. Thank fucking goodness.
Even with my sore muscles, I manage to leverage myself from the ground.  I make my way towards the stream and dip my head in the water. The icy water soothed some of the pain, but as it washes into the cuts the sensation is too sharp to fathom. 
I slip my shirt off and wipe away what I can from the scratches and blots plastered on my face. I suck it up and just press down as hard as I can. I scream at the top of my lungs only to hear my echo comfort my loneliness.
I stare at my white shirt… the smear of blood coated it like crimson paint.
I throw my shirt on the ground and rise. Now to get the hell out of this wilderness. And to hope that this doesn’t turn out to be some strenuously endless stroll.
Where the hell are Andrew and Ron?
I examine my perimeter. Nothing but mossy ground, endless series of trees that small shallow stream, and the steep incline I rolled down from. Maybe going back up might be my best bet. 
I hurl over the stream and run up the incline. I leap up, secure my grip on a branch, and jump over to the ground above. Again, the same picture, trees, trees everywhere, fuck. I don’t even see any footsteps, not even my footsteps… they must have been covered by the leaves or something. I shake my head and sigh. My aggravation gnaws.
When anxiety gets to me… that’s when I blurt out with profanity. GODDAMN IT!
My heart sinks at the sound of helicopter propellers. I stare ahead and see leaves falling not even thirty yards away. The wind intensifies and howls.
I make out two ropes and know, I know it’s them, those-those human lookalikes… they’re looking for me, for us, Ron and Andrew.
I reach in the back of my belt buckle and grab my nine-millimeter.
I turn around, slide down the decline, and leap into the stream. From there I pick up my shirt and break into a sprint towards the maze of trees.  
The propeller sounds seem to be following me. I peer back and see the falling leaves trailing me. They’ve spotted me. They’ve spotted me… no, no, I can’t, I can’t be captured. Ron… Andrew….
I hasten my pace. The leaves crumble and rustle beneath my feet and the low shrubs smacked against my skin like whips. I can’t stop; I have to keep going, no matter what, no matter the pain, and no matter the agonizing reality that I’ve lost my dearest friends in the mess of this chaos… I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.
The burn of my memories brought the tears. And the regret plowed more holes in my vacant heart and torn soul.

A break in the wilderness finally appears…
One moment I was cluster fucked in a forest, and a second later I’m running across a long and flat field… a football field. I made my way towards the stadium benches. I hit the pavement, slowed down, and ran behind the benches to rest. I slid down the wall until I fell flat on my rear.
I dry my face full of tears and sweat.
I can’t imagine Ron’s response to this: Quit being a fucking pussy kid, suck it up.
I snicker at the thought and then sob in return.
“I am being pussy aren’t I?” I mutter to myself.
And now I’m talking to myself, fucking great. I’m losing it—no, no I’ve lost it.
The propeller sounds hum in the distance, something that relieved a portion of my ache. But then footsteps arouse every hair in my body. I rise and press my back against the wall.
Multiple footsteps shuffle over the grass. Ron and Andrew?
I edge and peer around the corner. Nothing but empty fields.
A scratchy sound brings my attention behind me. I do a one-eighty and freeze stiff. It’s them, the lookalikes. The black suited figure, face veiled in that same black visor, stood upright with the glossy great katana drawn forward and some sort of handgun aimed directly at me.
--
Captured

I dive into a doorway and dodge the in coming bullet spray... 
My nine-millimeter slides out of my hands and into the pitch-black until I hear it clatter down what sounded a very long scale of steps.
Bullets batter against the outside wall in a perpetual sequence that seems everlasting. 
My eardrums rattle and my heartbeat pounds with the overwhelming adrenaline coursing through my veins.
I crawl across the hallway, leverage up, and run deeper into the dim corridor. I press my back against the wall and steady my way down the hallway.
A bullet zips by and barrages the entire wall into one enormous cavity full of crumbling debris. I gasp and lose my balance. I reach out into the darkness to grab a hold of something, anything, but fall and spiral down the steps.

“It’s coming in…”
I hear someone say.
“Dr. please give him some space to breath.”
That voice sounds feminine, kind, and gentle.
“Why do you care about this thing?”
“It’s not an animal Dr. it’s”—
“Animal is a compliment.”
I don’t know who it is speaking but I can tell I wasn’t going to like it.
The feminine voice clears her throat, “Excuse me? Watch your words closely please…”
Silence and numbness consumes me.

“Hello...”
“Hello.”
“Hello, can you hear me?”
It’s that feminine voice again. But she sounds so far away… her voice echoes and echoes, gets closer and closer like a whisper in my ear.
I feel a warm touch graze over my brow. Trickles of cool water slither down my face. I feel so sooth d and captivated, my whole body wafts in an omnipresence that I can’t describe. 
“Hey I think he’s coming in!”
I hear footsteps coming towards me.
“Excellent, about time.”
I feel a more rigid hand grab my wrist and put a bit of pressure on my wrist.
“It’s coming in alright—its heart is beating faster than any other human’s. Hope its not an abnormal thing…” a pause occurs, but his hand still held my wrist. “Give him an Anti-Acquaint injection.”
I hear her gasp.
“B-But w-we don’t know what affects it has on a human host.”
“Well I guess this guy right here will be our first live clinical test that has voluntarily accepted our treatment. Give him the shot please.”
I feel a prickle on my neck. The warm liquid courses through the needle and enters my bloodstream in seconds. The burn is abrupt and unfathomable. 
With my gasp the pain subsides.
“Relax you’re safe.”
That feminine voice assures me.
I feel a rough pat on my shoulder. “Yeah, for now at least.”
“Please show some respect.” She hisses. 
I open my eyes to see these two mysterious faces staring at me. As my eyes adjust to the low light, their blurred figures clear up. On the right, a beautiful female lookalike, with honey golden eyes, cheeks flush and pink, and lips strung into a smile. And on my left, that bastard bad-mouthed doctor, his dark beady eyes narrow and lips purse.
I can’t see a thing, except for this small cylinder looking lamp hung directly over me shedding an unusual blue light that solely illuminates my forward sight. I think my head is secured and strapped on to this tilted bed I’m tied to too since I can’t seem to make any part of my body budge, hell I can’t even feel any other part of my body.
“W-where,” I cough and croak.
The female hurries off but the doctor remains glued to his spot.
“Well hello.” He mutters, his eyebrows slump lower, “Let me finish that sentence for you: Where am I, correct?”
The female appears from the shadow and places a glass of liquid against my lips. My body doesn’t reject this kind offer; I open my mouth and allow her to drown me with this unknown substance. I gulp it down until I gurgle in its quenching tastelessness.
She pulls the empty glass away and gives me another smile that makes my heart sink.
I clear my throat. “Thank you.”
She nods and trails off out of sight.
“You were saying?” He says. 
I shoot him with a mean look, “Don’t you mean you were?”
He breaks a smile. “Mindy, call the Oracle please.”
“Already? Are you sure?” I hear her say from across the room.
He combs his long black loose hair from his forehead and glances her way. “It’s awake isn’t it? That’s what the Oracle wanted.”
“Ok.”
These things, human lookalikes, or so that's what my mind deciphers them as, or so I think... and what's an Oracle? 
I can’t seem to remember anything… shit, I don’t even know why I-I… what is wrong with me? I can’t seem to remember anything. I close my eyes tight and search, search for an answer to my own question, but a black void of nothingness hazes my mind.
“Do you know what an Oracle is?”
I narrow my eyes. I don’t like this thing here, I’d much rather punch it in that pretty little face of his that’s smirking like a smart-ass. 
“Should I give a fuck?”
“Look at this,” he snickers and shakes his head disbelieved. “A badmouth human, as excepted of course, hell a little of your kind’s vocabulary happened to have slipped into mine. And yes, you should give a fuck.”
I scoff. “Well what a pleasure. Can’t wait.”
“Prepare to what your kind say as to: Ass Kiss.” 
I smirk, “In a literal sense?”
He laughs for real this time. “Glad we happened to have bumped into a humorous one… thought you were broken.”
I arch my eyebrow. “W-Why would I be broken?”
“Mentally handicap, stupid”—
“Oh you mean retarded, didn’t know there were still any around.” I wink.
He crosses his arms and smiles. “The Oracle is pretty much a higher end Officer of our Law. They’re in direct communication with the Heir Council.”
The Heir Council? It doesn’t seem to click.
“A type of government?” I ask.
His head bobs. “In a way, yes.”
A knock has him take a couple of steps back. He bows.
“Glad you didn’t dismantle this one.” The voice sounds muffled, indescribable—I couldn’t put a finger on it as to what gender it is.
Footsteps shuffle my way. I see a hand covered in a black mesh-type glove grab my wrist.
“Strong heartbeat.” It says. “Interesting.”
“I noticed that too.” Replies the doctor. “Could the completion cause that?”
Completion?
The Oracle glances at the doctor and shakes its head. “No.”
“Yeah, yeah, I don’t know what y’all are talking about, but uh what the hell did you do to me?”
“Please refrain from your vulgar words.” The hand squeezes tighter. “And as far as I’ve been aware you’ve been unaltered since your capture.”
A part of me makes me sigh in relief, “Thanks a lot, that makes me feel better.”
The Oracle releases my hand. 
“Sarcasm wont keep you alive, so mind your tongue please.”
It steps into the light. The so-called Oracle’s face is hidden behind a black mask and body completely covered in a snow-white cloak. What is it suppose to represent? 
My heartbeat pounds harder, faster. The hair in the back of my neck rises and goose bumps spring on my arms.
“Please leave the room.” The Oracle says.
Footsteps shuffle off until I hear a door shut.
“So where were you heading?”
I gulp. Her piercing words brought this sort of woe-like sensation to penetrate my heart.
“I-I don’t know.”
“What’s your name?”
I search and search but can't find an answer.
I shake my head. “I’m not s-sure.”
Who am I? Where am I? Why am I even here to begin with? I just had a conversation with that doctor out of sheer randomness. I spoke but I didn’t think. 
All I do know at this very second, is that my entire body, this body, fears whatever these human lookalikes are.
“Your species has a tendency to lie without constraint, yet there’s no deception in your words.” It raises an arm and presses it’s index finger on my chest. “I do however feel the fear you hold towards me. Even with it, you do not fret and you do not quake. You remain sane. Intriguing.”
I see it’s pale, blue eyes squint from the mask’s sockets.
“Why do you fear me?”
I shake my head and bite my lip. “I-I honestly don’t know,” a feeling of despair has moisture build up in my eyes, “This fear that I f-feel I can’t comprehend…”
“Very peculiar. And why do you think you fear me?”
I wince. “M-my brain tells me you aren’t… human.”
“More of a hunch. But it’s correct,” the Oracle presses it’s finger on my forehead and gently taps. “There is nothing to fear from us, we won’t hurt you.”
A soothing comfort washes over me and erases all traces of my hysteria.
“Why are you curious about this fear I hold?”
The Oracle crosses its arms and stares dead-locked into mine. “Just curious. However it may be, thanks for cooperating. I’ll return shortly and grant your temporary release.”
It’s going to release me? “What’s the catch?”
“For now, nothing, but you’ll be escorted around with a chaperon.”
“If I’m unaltered why can’t I remember a goddamn thing?”
“I’m not sure. I’m going to report your case. I can’t promise you anything, I can’t promise you that you’ll be kept alive either. But I promise you won’t be hurt before that time comes.”
Can the heart wrenching dread I feel towards these things be the sole purpose I’m being persecuted? I’m a human, but what are they? Humanoids? My brain processes the vocabulary, automatically deciphers the meanings, but I can’t put a finger as to the why I’m here.
“I’ll be on my way.”
The Oracle walks off and opens the door. “He’s free to move around for now. Cure any abnormalities and injuries he’s sustained. Mindy, go get him some new attire please.”
“Gotcha.” The Doctor says.
“I will do as you ask Oracle.” Mindy replies.
“Thank you. And I’ll return shortly.” 
Footsteps close in on me and the Doctor appears. He pats on my shoulder. “You wont feel a thing.” He says as he winks.
He points a tiny spray can at me and the vapors consume me…
--
Chapter
1
The Beginning
Explosions echoed in the distance…
Gunfire radiated through this hallway and the vibrating aftershocks quivered my insides. I stared down my vacant apartment complex corridor only to meet the eyes of a pissed off looking army guy.
“Hey you, you there.” Yelled the soldier.
He broke into a sprint and hauled towards me. He grabbed my caller and pulled me an inch from his veiled face.
“Why the fuck are you in here son? Huh? You’re supposed to be inside the goddamn transport that evacuated this sector. Grrah! GODDAMN IT!” He bellowed then shoved me on the floor. “Sit still.”
The soldier stood motionless pressing some thing in his ear that looked like a Bluetooth device.
“Are there any Emergency Transports vacant around Sector A-10.” He said. “Hello, SD Home Base can you read me?” He paused for a second. “Fuck.”
He took a step towards the window and let his finger slip off the button. “Holy shit, fuck… h-holy shit.”
A vague noise that sounded like the hiss of wind brought my eyes to glare out the window too. I rose and stared outside. A gargantuan mushroom cloud hovered overhead where the city of Birmingham, Alabama stood; now, a sole black wave of smog came towards us like a tsunami. 
“M-Move, move, we got to get the fuck out of this hallway our we’ll drown in that shit.”
He grabbed my collar and dragged me with him down the hallway. He kicked a door down, and then threw me inside the apartment. I rolled until my body collided with the wall. He shut the door rushed at me, picked me up, slung me over his shoulder, and then scrambled through the apartment.
“Shit, shit, shit—where the fuck is the bathroom at!”
He opened a door and slid us inside the bathroom. He tossed me inside the tub.
“Goddamn it! Out of all the bathrooms we find one without a fucking towel.”
He yanked the curtain from the rail and stuffed it in the bottom slit of the door.
He huffed and puffed, arms on his side. He leaned his back on the door and shook his head. “We should be ok for now until this wave of smog dies off.” He said and then glanced at me. “I apologize for my vulgar language… adrenaline rushing shit like this makes me spit out random blurs of stuff.”
I smirked. “It’s fine.”
He flicked the lights and the air purifier on. The lights flickered every couple of seconds.
He pulled the black veil from his face and tossed it in the sink. He was bald and at least middle-aged, maybe around forty years old. His eyebrows were thick, nose pointy, and skin as pale as snow.
“So what’s your name kid?”
“Wes sir.”
“Like Wesley?”
I nodded.
A smile crossed his gaunt face. “My sister’s newly born kid has that same name. Hope Detroit wasn’t hit by this.” He crossed his arms. “Why are you all by yourself?”  
“Well… I slept in too late…”
He gave me a dumbstruck look, “How the fuck did you miss the loud emergency sirens Wes? Seriously kid. Your life is at stake right now, shit both of our lives are,” he sighed and shook his head. “I apologize.”
“Its ok. My alarm didn’t go off… so I guess missing class wasn’t a bad thing after all.”
“I’m assuming UAB?”
“Yeah.” I said. “At least what’s left of it.”
“So you’re what, nineteen, twenty?”
“Yeah, nineteen sir. By the way, what’s your name?” 
“Private Ronald T. Adams. U.S. Army.” Ronald said as he gave me half-assed salute.
He unfastened the strap holding what looked like a M4 Automatic Rifle, and set it on top of the sink. “Ever shot one of these before?”
I shook my head. “No sir.”
“Then lets start you off small.” He pulled the handgun from his holster and presented it to me. “You’ll need protection. No telling what’s out there once we venture off.”
My heart sunk at the sight of the handgun. What’s out there once we venture off? What could be out there?
~
I gasp…
And roll off the bed. My body hits the rock hard floor knocking the air out of my lungs. I groan.
“You ok?” It’s that kind feminine voice.
Footsteps close in on me from the other side of the bed. She appears over me with arms cross and a smile.
“Yeah, yeah.” I lurch forward and stare at her. “You’re Mindy right?”
She nods.
“Thanks again.” “For what?” Mindy asks.
“The kindness you showed me.”
Her lush pink cheeks turn to a shade of cherry red. “D-Didn’t think you were conscious.” She smirked. “But it is my pleasure.”
“Why?” “Why what?” She asks again with that delicate voice. 
How can something I fear so much attune me in the way she has… could it be her kindness or her beauty? Perhaps both. But such a human feeling of attachment towards this female lookalike… it’s like I’ve gazed into the eyes of an angel.
I rise and finally see how small her stature is as I see my foot and a half clearance from her head. 
“Why do you take pleasure in kindness?”
“I think there’s enough cruelty happening in this day and age. Perhaps my small feat can emit to a greater cause. To your humanity and my species.”
“But aren’t you a type of human too?”
“I can’t explain or species without the Oracle’s consent,” she pauses. “I’d tell you if I could.”
I take a step closer to her and take a whiff of her strawberry and vanilla fragrance. My body urges to embrace her. 
“What kind of cruelty?”
She turns around and makes her way to the door. “Y-You really don’t remember… a-anything?” Mindy opens the door, but before she walks out, faces me.
“Well fuck, then why don’t you enlighten me?”
Her brow slumps as she grimaces, “Isn’t my kindness enlightening enough?” Mindy mutters.
“I’m not too sure what you mean by that.”
“Then you have a lot to learn.” She says.
I cross my arms and snicker. “Ok-ok, that’s reasonable, let’s start with something simple then. How old are you?” Her lips string into that breathtaking smile. “You wouldn’t believe me.”
“Try me.”
“Seventy-eight.”
My jaw drops. “No shit?”
She giggles. “That’s nothing! The doctor he’s two-hundred and nine years old!”
I arch an eyebrow. “You sure you’re not mistaking these years for months?”
“If I were, then I’d be around six years old.” She winks. “Your human brain can’t comprehend time in the way my race can.”
I grin. “Help me understand then.”
“I-I thought I,” she pauses and takes a step inside the room, “Well if the Oracle gives me the clearance to do so.” She rubs her chin and then taps her lips. “She’s currently trying to get you released.” Mindy says. “Kind of her to do so.”
“I-It’s a her?”
“It’s not an it, just like you’re not an it, it’s a female, and you’re a male.” Mindy’s tone rose.
“I apologize, can you explain a bit more about these Oracles?”
“Just take note of this.” She hurries over to me and stands on her tippy-toes. “There are Oracles and Angels.” Her warm minty breath courses its way to my nose.
She takes a couple of steps back, her eyes connected to mine, and then scurries out of this cell-looking room I’m lodged in.
I take a seat on the bed and stare at the wall. How can my brain not comprehend time? I wish I could remember my past, my experiences… cause I can’t seem to comprehend shit.
Then she says: Oracles and Angels, what does that mean? I know what an Oracle is, but an Angel? Isn’t that some Holy thing that lives in the Heavens with God?
What about that dream I had last night…
A knock startles me.
“Relax.”
I glance at the doorway and see the Oracle standing stiff with arms planted on her hips.
My heartbeat races.
“Figured out your name yet?”
“I think it’s Wesley Stamps.” I reply.
“Interesting. Did you come up with that all on your own?”
I shake my head, “No… I had this dream last night, about me, fleeing from an explosion in,” I pause and search for the name of the city, “Birmingham, y-yeah, Birmingham, Alabama.”
“I’ll look into that information later. In the mean time continue to inform us about these dreams you have.”
“Will do. By the way, how did your people find me?” “In your case log it states you were seen in the streets of Old Jacksonville, Florida. They found your body… I believe unconscious down a flight of stairs.”
I gasp at the thought. I close my eyes and witness that spontaneous event reoccur.
“Recall the event?”
“Yeah… but-but why the fuck was there gunfire in the mix of it?”
“Another question is how’d you venture into our restoration zone. Not just that,” the Oracle takes a step in the room and shuts the door. “You were alone.”
“So what’s wrong with me then?” “Here’s the deal Wesley. I’m going access to this installation. We’ll give you time to see if you can recover information to your origin. You’re suffering from what your kind call Amnesia. No doubt from that fall you took.”
“Then what’s going to happen to me after I recover information about my origin?”
The Oracle’s eyes squint. “The other Oracles and the Heir Council are trying to find a cause for you. Now, if you have any questions, I’ll try to answer as best as I can within my boundary.”
“Why do I fear you?”
“Sacredness in the eyes of the unworthy. You’ll get accustomed to my kind, you’ll see were no different then your species.”
“What will I do in the mean time?”
“Mindy will be your guide from here on out. She’ll also be your instructor. So listen to whatever she informs you of, take it to account, and learn from it.”
I rise. “Where are we and what’s this place called?”
The Oracle opens the door. “That’s a question for Mindy. I’ll be on my way Wes.”
 And just like that the Oracle leaves.
Not a minute after the Oracle’s exit, Mindy comes in carrying a duffle bag.
“I guess we shouldn’t delay. Here’s some new attire the Oracle asked me to get you.”
She steps in and sets the bag on the floor.
“I’ll give you time to change. In the mean time I’ll try and get you a snack and some water, I’m sure you’re probably hungry.”
Speaking of hungry… this random shit going on so goddamn fast has left me famished. My stomach grumbles just thinking about food. 
“Thank you.”
“Please don’t mention it. I’ll return shortly.”
I set the bag on the bed and unzip it. Inside the bag is a ruff pair of long jeans, white undershirt, socks, and some shoes.
I look down at myself and see the typical blue hospital gown on… just starring at myself has me wondering what sort of damage I sustained before coming here.
--
Chapter 
2
Catalyst

I’m behind Mindy, following her god knows where…
Her movement fluent and motion precise. Her utmost perfection keeps on astounding me. Her body petite and curved like an hourglass.
I remain as close to her as possible and continue to nibble on some granola bar she gave me. She said it’s a small appetizer before we go have a full meal somewhere.
“The cafeteria is just around this corner.” She says and points ahead towards a big sign that has: Cafeteria, hanging over a set of opened double doors.
This place, my damaged mind presumes as a type of school campus. Nostalgia creeps over me.
“Good cause I’m hungry!”
I hear her giggle. “You should be, you’ve been in the recuperating process for three days now.”
“Recuperating from what?”
“I don’t know. They don’t tell me those things Wes.” She replies.
“But what do you do around here?”
“I can’t tell you, but for now, consider me your guide.” She stops and turns to me. “Hold your questions for a bit. We’re about to go inside the cafeteria. Don’t mind the stares ok, these people here are still a bit skeptical about having you on board, even if you’ve lost your memory.”
I roll my eyes and groan. “Oh shit, perfect.”
Mindy smacks me in the arms. “Hey now Wes, the language.” She says.
The way she says my name… it’s like a melody, the way it rings in my head sounds so familiar to me.
There’s something about her. Something that calls me to her, yet we are two completely different people. Her story, her self, her personality… it evokes me, inspires me, yet there’s a voice in my head that says it’s not meant to be.
Should I listen? Should I listen to this voice in my head? Or is it a lie? Could it just be the fear that I feel of perhaps attaching my whole soul to this stranger?
I’m not sure. But I feel terrible. And my sanity hangs by a thread every time I think about her.
We turn the corner and ahead a large warehouse sized room with a good amount of people and chatter. The ceiling is made up of a huge piece of glass, and outside the glass a beautiful blue cloudless sky.
My mind and my body ached in a way I couldn’t understand. I feel my heart pound slower, but this unusual feeling in the pit of my stomach erases all traces of hunger that I held before. I squint and clutch my chest. I blink and with it I feel a tear streak down my cheek.
We walk through the middle of the mass of aligned wooden cafeteria tables towards the food dispense area. A big Food Entrance hung from the doorway.
The stares are a mix of anger, awe, and some even cheerful. A man rises and makes his way towards Mindy and I. I recognize him too; it’s the doctor.
“Glad to see you’re doing well.” He winks and outstretches his hand.
I take his hand and feel his firm grip. “My name is Alexander Demetrio, a Doctor here in this instillation. Welcome Wes.”
His assurance made my unusual feeling disappear for a bit.
“Thanks Dr.” Mindy says.
“Yeah thanks again for not dismantling me!” I smirk.
“Maybe we should have, best not to have this fiend walk around.” A random voice mutters from behind.
I turn around and stare at this man with his tray of food in his hands. His glance could kill.
I give him that same pissed off look, “Yeah, well fuck you.”
He sets his tray on the table and claps his hands. “Loud mouth and a badmouth, excellent combination. Good job Alex and Ms. Princess Mindy, hope you three and the Oracle burn for your stupidity.”
Alexander raises his hand and points towards the exit, “Professor, please stay your course and get out of the cafeteria if you’re feeling so egotistic.” Alexander says.
“Yeah, please don’t cause trouble.” Mindy pleas.
As I turn away from him a hard smack slams me across the back of my head. I fall to my knees and then feel jab on my back. I fall face flat on the cold floor until the jet-black clouds my sight and embraces me into the feeling of numbness.
---

“Nightmares come and go Wes, it’s just how it is and how it was designed.” Ronald said.
I chuckled and crossed my arms. “This isn't a damn nightmare though, look around, it's a reality," I hesitated and calmed myself down, after all, he isn’t the one to blame, I'm overreacting, "How can this happen?”
Ronald patted my shoulder. “I completely understand where you’re coming from Wes. This shit happening around us is seriously something I would have expected in some goddamn Hollywood fucked up movie flick.” He smiled and gave me a fake knuckle punch across my chin. “We’ll be fine kid, just got to reestablish communication with my base, surely our country hasn’t been completely overrun.”
It was nearly sundown. The sky overhead beamed with an orangey taint as the streaks of sun slit through the coursing smog spread.
“So what were you studying at in UAB?”
“Biology major… I honestly don’t even know why.” I said.
He snickered. “Ok, that sure as hell makes a lot of sense.”
“N-No, no, I mean I guess I am bit uncertain, I wanted to be a doctor but there’s too much crap and school involved, and on the other hand a Pharmacist… but to be honest, I really wanted to study journalism. I enjoy writing and reading so much. But since in this day and age writing doesn't get you anywhere, I went for a study that had money involved.”
“You kids are like a woman, they don’t know what they want.” 
Ronald and I were heading somewhere near the base of operations that the Emergency Transports took people. It was near the coast of Mobile Bay, so we were a long way away from it. At the moment we were huffing it through the deserted Interstate 69 heading to Montgomery, Alabama.
Ronald adjusted the strap of his M4 and massaged his neck. “Where the fuck are the ditched cars at? I’m sure some pussy-face fuck-head would have run off to the woods or something. Fuck.”
I glanced North and saw the smog circling over the once area where the city of Birmingham stood. The disgusting odor of burning and rotting stuck to my nose and it made me nauseous.
No more than a minute later the sky overhead roared with thunder and then particles of ash fell alongside the haze of rain.
This nightmare was a reality.
“So can you tell me a bit more of what’s happening?” I asked.
“Thing is, I’m not entirely sure either. I was left out of the loop. All I know is I was activated to maintain order in the streets while the Transports picked people for departure towards Mobile Bay, Alabama. Of course, this emergency evacuation only concerned the Southern states, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and South Carolina. They’re sending these transports to the coast where they’d be taken to Alaska.”
“And the rest of the states?”
“That I’m not too sure… I-I mean the fucking orders were given so fast, that I barely had time to grasp what was happening.”
I sped up to catch up with Ronald’s quicker stride. “But that doesn’t make sense, are we in an unexpected war or something, I mean there’s got to be a reason for the evacuations.”
“That’s what doesn’t click Wes… it’s a global phenomenon. I’m not sure if it’s some kind of late twenty-twelve bull shit, or if it’s Armageddon… I-I can’t put my finger as what’s really happening. But I do know, it isn’t war.” Ronald said and then glared up at the sky. “It’s something else.”
“Ok then, so apparently there’s some supernatural force bombing us huh?” I rolled my eyes and tried to take in this complete and utter crap that’s spiraling about. He doesn’t know if its war or not but a big bomb just took out a whole city.
“Kid, do you even live around here?” Ronald asked.
“Not really, I have a buddy that I go to school with that lives in Alabaster, but my parents are in New York City… or so I think, I hope nothing has happened over there.”
Ronald dug into his pocket and pulled out an iPhone and then handed it to me. “Service is still up, see if your friend in Alabaster happened to have slept in as you did.”
I take the phone and dial his number.
It rung once, twice… and finally: click.
“Hello?”
“Andrew, Andrew oh my god dude thank god you’re still alive!” I pressed the speaker button on the phone.
“Holy fuck man, what the fuck is happening? T-The cable is out, internet is down, even my power is fucked!” Andrew yelled.
I laughed. “Dude relax! Do you still have your car?”
“Yeah, why—what’s up, I was actually about to leave and get the fuck out of this place. Where you at?”
“Awesome.” Ron muttered and then yanked the phone from me. “Listen here, Andrew right?”
“Uh yeah, who’s this?”
“I’m US Army Sargent Ronald T. Jenkins, I’m traveling with your friend Wes here, listen up ok? Get in the car and head to the interstate, take the opposite road towards the North, heading towards Birmingham, you’ll bump into us. Grab some food, water, and quickly get your ass here.” Ronald said.
“Gotcha, I’ll be on my way.” Andrew said.
“Thanks a bunch man!” I said.
“Anytime bro.” Andrew said and then the phone went dead.
“Son of a bitch, fuck, fuck… battery died.” Ronald said. He sighed and stared at the sky. “I seriously hope my Com doesn’t fuck up too.”
“I hope he doesn’t get lost trying to find us.” I said.
“You know, not even a fucking retard would miss the only two people waltzing down the interstate by foot.” Ron patted my back. “We’ll be fine.”
I snickered uneasily.
“Don’t you think we should be a little more discrete? I mean, a city just got bombed, wouldn’t whatever is attacking us search for stranglers?”
“Shit…” he paused. “I didn’t think about that. All this happening has seriously fucked up my judgment, survival mode is on and I’m not comprehending shit.” He stopped. “Kid the only thing I know we can do is head south towards Mobile Bay, we’ll have to quicken our pace and hope Andrew finds us… or maybe the Com would send us some form of communication.”
I grimaced. “Wish the phone had enough juice to contact my parents to see if they’re alright.” 
“On route when we get a car I’ll try and find a battery charger for this thing.”
~

“Maybe I should have just brought you the food Wes!”
I heard Mindy say.
I open my eyes and see Mindy over me, patting my head with a bag of ice.
“Hey there, welcome back!”
I groan and rub the lump on the back of my head.
“What happened?”
Someone approaches from the other side of my bed. “Don’t worry about it, Wes is it?”
It’s Alexander.
“Yeah, yeah Wes.” I answer.
“The Oracle confiscated him and sent him off to another district. His course of action had no obligatory right. I already fixed you up so you don’t have to worry about permanent bruising.”
“Thanks a bunch doc.”
“Please address me as Alex.” Alex winks at me.
“I’ll be on my way Wes, I’ll tell the Oracle that you’re awake. She apparently has news for you.”
Alex leaves and I lay my head back on the pillow.
“I have food for you on the table next to you. It isn’t much but it should be enough until we can get something when the cafeteria is less crowded.” Mindy says.
“As much as I fear your kind, I honestly don’t know why, b-but—there’s got to be a reason behind it. What am I not being told Mindy? What haven’t I recalled yet that’s being kept secret?”
Mindy takes a couple of steps back and leans against the wall. Her head slumps over and grimaces.
“There isn’t a reason to fear us Wes.” She mutters. “Fear is a product of insecurity… I-I completely understand you’re a”—
“That’s not the point”—
“The rightful point is you’re on a need-to-know basis. Don’t burden Mindy with your perpetual queries that wont have an end, I’ll take care of that question a little later.” The Oracle says from the doorway.
Mindy straightens and bows. “I apologize Oracle.”
“Sweetheart there isn’t anything to apologize for. Please leave and give me time with Wesley.
Chapter 
3
Forging Armageddon

“Mindy is one of our younger generations…”
The Oracle sighs. “Her broad perspective and kindness will get her a long way in our soon to prosper society. But forgive her, she fancies you a bit more than I anticipated. I can’t allow her to form a connection with your kind… because in the end, it’ll be a devastating blow to her young heart.”
In her continuous gabber, my mouth continues to drop inch by inch. “Am I missing something? She’s what was it, eighty-nine or something like that.”
“She’s seventy-eight. That’s considered young in our time and in our race. Imagine a nineteen to twenty-five year old, that’s her current generation in your humankind timeline.” The Oracle points behind me. “Eat, you need real nutrition. After you’ve had your meal we’ll exit and I’ll explain things a bit more thorough about what’s to come of you.”
I glare back and see the plate composed of two sandwiches, a carton of orange juice, and a bread roll.
“I’ll return shortly.” She says
I roll over, grab a sandwich and stuff it in my mouth. The contents of smothered creamy peanut butter and jelly has never tasted better. I break the seal on the carton and swallow the orange juice in one gulp. I feel the refreshing cool taste slip down my throat.
Fifteen Minutes Later…
The Oracle steps inside the room with a black cloak over her shoulder. “Put this on over your clothes, we’re taking you to a more secure location. We must hurry.”
I rise and take the cloak from her. “What’s happening?” I slip the cloak on and cover my head with the hood. “Am I being hunted?”
“The Heir Council and Oracles wish to have an audience with you face to face. Unfortunately, my post remains here and I’m unable to accompany you on your transport.”
“W-Wait, wait,” I pause and take a step towards her, my face an inch from her mask. “Wait a minute, tell me what’s happening? Why am I here? Why the fuck am I lodged in this place like a prisoner?”
“That’s what you are Wes, you’re but a petty captive in a nest that’s composed of your enemy, us”—
“So I’m pretty much getting my ass into that transport to get my head chopped off?”
The Oracle shakes her head. “You’re too valuable to be disposed of so foolishly. There’s a bigger picture at work. Take my hand Wes, I’ll explain everything while we wait for the transport.”
Her hand slips to mine. I close my eyes and arch my head forward until my forehead touches the silk veil masking her face.
She places her other hand on my heart. “There isn’t a reason to be afraid Wes, you’ll be fine, I can assure you of that.”
I take a step back and nod. “Let’s go then.”
But even with her assurance, it doesn’t stop the fear.

“So Wes is it, when did you find out your real name?”
Our pace down the vacant hallways is more of a stride than a walk. I have this hunch there’s a price on my head in this place… just because I had to speak out of line towards that one Professor in the cafeteria. I actually felt pity for saying those words too. 
But then a different side of me doesn’t give a fuck. A side of me believes he deserved what I said. No, no, what am I saying, I need to find some calm in the mess of this.
The Oracle stops and I bump into her.
“Is there some secret you’re not telling me?”
I scratch my head. “What are you talking about?”
“Your name”—
“Oh, sorry! Yeah, I forgot to tell you, I had some strange dream... well perhaps it felt more like a recollection.” 
She faces me. “Your age seems uncertain to me, but I’d average around early twenties. Do you recall your age, what you were doing?”
I nod. “Well I believe I was twenty-two in that dream. I slept in too late and I missed class… I recall staring out the window and seeing a big mushroom cloud over the city my college was at… it rested in shambles, only the cloud brought an ounce of color.”
“Detail is irrelevant. Can you remember the name of this city?”
“Yeah, Birmingham, Alabama.”
The Oracle closes her eyes. “If I’m correct, I might need confirmation, but Birmingham, Alabama was some kind of military accident before my kind landed on Earth.”
I gasp and take a step back. A military accident caused that disastrous conclusion? No, that can’t be, that can’t be possible.  
“That doesn’t make sense, h-how could the military misfire that”—
The Oracle lifts her index finger to my lips. “That doesn’t matter and it isn’t important. That event happened three months ago to this day and it’s a past buried with its dwindling remnants. Recuperation is in order for most of the Southern Realm of the North American continent.”
Three months since that occurred, three months… what of Ronald and Andrew what happened to them? I cover my mouth. What of society? What’s happened? Why can’t I remember any of this, why can’t… grr, my aggravation is gnawing.  
“If you’re wondering, it’s August 21, 2013.”
“W-What brought this overturn on Earth? What did we do?”
The Oracle turns around and continues forward towards two stainless steel double doors entitled: Transport Bay. She opens the door and shakes her head.
“Not in here.”
I step outside to a brisk breeze and a night sky. Ahead of me a large streak of road and nothing but barren plains carpeted the shrouded area beyond the sleek black road.
“Where are we?” 
“This is the landing pad, the transport is an aircraft.” The Oracle says and then I feel her hand clutch my shoulder. “We’re still in the what use to be the state of Florida,” She pauses, moves ahead of me, and steps off the sidewalk onto the landing pad. “This place was an old College Campus we converted into a headquarter for our government.”
What’s this mumbo-jumbo bull shit she’s talking about? I did consider this place some kind of school… but that doesn’t matter to me, what does matter is the consequence that brought this outcome.  
“Before you go on. Tell me about what happened to humanity?”
The Oracle faces me and presents her arms. “We are humanity.”
“No, no, I mean my race,” I pinch my skin, “Made of flesh and blood, what happened to my kind.”
“They’re the next endangered species.” Her eyes connect to mine. “But we’re not monsters, we value past architectural masterpieces, so we’re preserving small remnants. We heeded our coming Wes. We gave signs that our return was immanent. Your race just failed to understand the signs.
I groaned and slammed my foot down, “Goddamn it, but what does that mean?”
There I go again, speaking out of line as usual, because I feel enraged, yet I’m not sure why. Because these human lookalikes took over what was rightfully ours? Was it even ours to begin with? Was there an expiration date applied to the time ruled by the human race?
See I have hunches, my brain understands certain things, but my mind can’t comprehend the past, I can’t comprehend because I can’t remember. I want to yank my hair clean off my scallop, because I'm so royally pissed off!
“Our Eden. Earth. We’re the reason your humankind went as far as it’s gone. Nature has a mind of its own, and it could have gobbled up your species a long time ago without our guidance.” She pauses and crosses her arms. “We’re re-forging a new Armageddon.”
Armageddon… destruction? An erasing of the kind that once ruled the Earth…
“What do you mean by that?”
“Destroy in order to rebuild a more perfect civilization. And you,” she points at me, “Will help us. And if you do, we’ll grant you riches beyond your wildest dreams, live a prolonged life side-by-side with my humanity.”
I wince and rub my eyes. I’m in their plan… but what can be in store for me?
A smooth hum approaches. I glance at the sky and see an airplane circling the landing pad.
“They’ve arrived.”
I sigh and fall to my knees. I glare up at her. “This is the end of the line?”
The Oracle bows. “This isn’t the end of the line Wes, it’s only the beginning. History is written by the victor, an ending to one thing is the beginning of another. Humanity as a whole has evolved into a more perfect civilization catered by us the real human race. You see, we too are composed of flesh and blood, but we’re more refined.”
Streaks of tears roll down my cheeks.
The door behind me opens. I take a glance and see Mindy standing in the doorway with a duff bag slung over her shoulder. Her hair, in a ponytail, and blue spaghetti strap one-piece dress glazes like wet paint in the shone moonlight.
Her lips string to a smile and her honey gold eyes connect to mine, “Hey Wes!”
I sniffle, rise, and straighten my posture. “H-Hey Mindy.”
“I’ve entrusted Mindy to be your guide and guardian.”
I give a dumbstruck stare at the Oracle… why the fuck did she do that? Isn’t she the one worried that Mindy likes me too much?
The Oracle bows before Mindy. “Thank you Mindy for volunteering in the Heir Council’s Restoration Effort”—
“Wait, wait, I’m part of the restoration effort?”
“I’m not fond of deceit, so I’m not going to start here—yes, you’re part of the Restoration Effort.”
Mindy moves ahead of me and sets the duffle bag at my feet. She does a quick glance, winks, and then skips towards the Oracle.
“And what’s this restoration effort composed of?”
The Oracle points at me. “You. But the Heir Council will go over the details. I’m not in my power to give you that information without the Council’s consent. Please forgive me.”
I hear a skid on the landing pad. The hum of the plane engine lightens up as it comes to a steady stop. 
“It’s here finally! I love flying!” Mindy yelps with excitement.
I slide the hood off my head and stare at the sterling silver finish of the plane’s smooth coating. It isn’t a big thing either, it’s mid-sized, and fancy, nose jagged and wings finned in an arch.
A staircase slings down from the door.
“You two load up and be safe. I’ll be in touch with you Mindy and I hope we meet again Wes.” She takes a step towards me and outstretches her hand.
I shake her hand. “Thanks Oracle.”
She winks. “There isn’t anything to thank me for Wes.”
--
Chapter 
4
First Encounter

While Wesley slept, a recollection from his past played in his dreams...
I gassed it down Interstate 65; the speedometer didn’t seem to want to go over one hundred and twenty miles per hour. 
I held the wheel so tight that I felt the accumulated sweat ease the tension without my consent. My eyes remained glued to the road that throughout our course from Alabaster, Alabama, and now nearing Montgomery, was barren and completely isolated. Not a stray car on the road, nothing… absolutely nothing.
I glanced to my snoozing passenger Ronald, his head against the glass, and hands still caressed his M4 rifle. And in the backseat Andrew, my buddy from school, stared out the window as he twittered his thumbs.
“Wes man… this is some fucked up shit bro.” Andrew muttered.
I grinned and nodded. “Yeah dude, I agree.”
A ding took my attention down to the display. Below the speedometer the fuel light turned on… less than a quarter tank left. 
Fifteen Miles Until Empty.
Scrolled the icon on the dash over the CD tray.
Ronald yawned. “Well fuck, glad this piece of shit car has an alarm system too.” He flicked the dash and pressed the little Information button. “Might as well patch up and get some gas and grab some grub while we’re at it.”
“Yeah I’m pretty hungry.” I said.
“Same for me… I have to take a piss too.” Andrew said.
“When’s the next exit?” I asked Andrew.
“Shit if I know.” 
“Dude you’ve been staring out the window the entire time”—
“What the fuck Andrew, you’ve been staring out the window and couldn’t look at a god damn sign?” Ronald said. 
I laughed.
“Hey, hey, who the fuck made me the sign watch guy?”
“Practically everyone. Wes is driving, I was snoozing, you, apparently with your head up your ass”—
“Well shit, look ahead right there, a fucking sign.” Andrew said. “Happy?”
Ronald loosened the seatbelt strap and straightened. “About time.”
I slowed down.
“One and a half miles until some bull shit junction, there better be a gas station in that little exit, just take it.” Andrew said.
“Might as well.” I said.
I take the exit and stop at the crossroad, to my left nothing but road and to my right a Chevron.
I turn right and make my way towards the Chevron Lounge Station, some extra large Gas station with some diners built into it. This one had a Subway and Taco Bell.
“Oh fuck yeah, I’ve been craving a soft taco!” Andrew said.
“Hope you’re craving to make it yourself kid.” Ronald said.
I parked the car next to a gas pump, pressed the fuel eject button, and got out of the car.
“I’ll pump the gas.” I said.
“Looks like this place was abandoned.” Andrew said.
Ronald stepped out of the car and closed the door. He crossed his arms. “We might have to break in there Wes, I think these shitty pumps are activated in there.”
I groaned. “Ugh, yeah.”
Ronald opened the door and grabbed his M4. “Load your weapons kids, we don’t know what’s in there.”
“Oh yeah, this is the time where those fucking zombies come out and try to eat us.” Andrew said as he rolled his eyes.
Ronald turned to Andrew. “Shut the fuck up and do what I asked, best to be prepared.” 
I went into the glove compartment and pulled the nine-millimeter pistol Ronald gave me.
Andrew dug in his coat pocket and pulled out his small handgun.
“Pull the keys out of the ignition and lock the doors.” Ronald said.
I did as he asked.
Ronald aimed the rifle ahead. “Shut the fuel intake, we’ll break in, eat, and then pump the gas.”  

It wasn’t really breaking and entering the doors were opened. The place was just abandoned.
Subway's make your own sub seemed easier the other way around since they left everything already out and ready inside the cooler beneath the glass display. I made two one-foot long chicken breast subs one smothered with sweet onion sauce and the other with honey mustard.
Ronald nibbled on some chocolate pretzels and Andrew ate his own style soft taco.
“Going to go see if I can find a big bag of some sort to take a bunch of this shit to go, we’ll need food and water”—
“See if they have a couple of gas canisters too.” I said.
“Smart idea kid, extra fuel wouldn’t hurt,” Ronald glanced over the counter. “Too bad they don’t have ammunition. Anyways I’ll be right back.”
Andrew took a seat on the booth next to me and nudged me in the arm.
“So where’d you meet this guy at?”
I wiped my lips and took a sip of soda. “Bumped into him in my apartment complex. Without him I’d probably be dead.”
“Glad your still here man, my parents didn’t give me a phone call, fuck man, I almost thought it was that rapture thing and I was left behind… but seeing that neither of my parents haven’t been to church in years, I had to question their faith a bit.” He laughed. “But still, its spooky, this is some seriously scary shit… I’m scared beyond scared, I’m terrified. My hands never shake and look at them man.” He outstretched his hands. “They’re fucking shaking.”
I snickered. “Dude I’m with you right there.”
But I’m alive and that’s all that matters. I just hope my parents are all right in New York. The rest of my family is out somewhere across the Atlantic, so I’m not too sure about their well being since I rarely talk to them... something I regret now.
“Dude did you see any transports around your area?”
Andrew shook his head, “No, why?”
My brow slumped. “You didn’t hear the loud sirens going off?”
“Shit,” he hesitates with his jaw-dropped, “I-I thought it was some fucking accident or something so I didn’t pay attention to it. Speaking of which, I did hear loud bangs on my door, but I just kept sleeping and didn’t think anything of it.”
I snickered. “Yeah, I slept in today to, didn’t really want to go to Anatomy and stupid Western Civilization class.”
“Yeah man, fuck that shit. Western Civ. is complete and utter bull shit anyways… I honestly thought I’d grab a piece of paper, slab a bunch of random shit about history and staple it on my history book.”
“Your crazy man.”
“Seriously though, what if Dothan is our best bet. My parents are down there, and it’s a random ass town in the middle of nowhere, screw going to Mobile Bay.”
“But that’s where the transports are being taken, maybe we can connect with them”—
“Fuck that man, w-what if whatever’s causing this shit knows about Mobile Bay, what if Mobile Bay is a ghost town by now just like Birmingham?”
I rubbed my face and shook my head. “Let’s hope not.”
Andrew bit a chunk off another soft taco. “Well man,” he chewed and gulped it down with some soda, “If all else fails Dothan can be our next destination.”
“You’re that worried about your parents?”
Andrew gave me a pissed off look, “Dude, what the fuck, aren’t you?”
He’s got a point. Stupid question.
I nodded.
“What bull shit you kids talking about?” Ronald said.
His loud voice and footsteps made me jump. Ronald walked around the corner with two large duffle bags and threw them on the floor.
“Andrew was saying about heading to Dothan.” I said.
“No, we’re on route to Mobile Bay.” Ron said. “Those were my orders and I’m going to follow them.”
Andrew cleared his throat. “And what if Mobile Bay is deserted like everything else?”
“Then we’ll drive to Alaska."
“Fuck that!” Andrew said.
“You can stay behind if you’d like, but I’m not going to stand around like a sitting duck.” Ron said.
“He’s got a point Andrew.” I said.
He didn’t reply.
Ron glanced at me and tapped the duffle bags with his foot. “I got a bunch of snacks, food, a couple of sodas, and a lot of water. I also turned the pumps on so we can get gas now.”
Andrew rose. “Did you get a bunch of candy and potato chips?”
Ron rolled his eyes. “This isn’t a god damn road trip kid… but yeah I did.” He smirked and winked.
“Awesome!” Andrew said.
I went ahead and took one of the duffle bags and made my way towards the car. The air felt brisk. I glared at the sky to see the overcast of thin sheets of clouds making its way across the sky.
“What the fuck is this!” Ron tossed the duffle bag on top of the hood and planted his arms on his hips. “Isn’t it May and its this cold?”
I shrugged. “You know, this wouldn’t surprise me… the weather here is sometimes spontaneous, heck, tomorrow it might be one hundred degrees again!”
“Please don’t fucking say that, it’s been the hottest summer ever… if I break a god damn sweat as I stroll to my car from the parking lot, that’s when its too hot.” Ron said.
“Hey, where’s Andrew?” I asked.
Ron glanced back towards the station. “I thought he was behind me… maybe he’s just in the toilet.” He turned to me again. “Make sure you go too, I want to get to Mobile Bay with this food and three gas canisters.”
I nodded. “Yeah I’m fine, don’t worry about me. I think Andrew has the canisters.”
I unlocked the car, opened the door, and popped open the gas intake. Strolled towards the gas pump, pick the premium, and stuck the nozzle in the hole.
“If you want me to drive I don’t mind kid.” Ron said.
“No, no, I’m fine. I’ll drive all the way to Mobile Bay… if I get tired I’ll just hand the wheel over to you.” I said.
“The offer is there, and by the way,” he paused and connected eyes to mine. He seemed grave. “I found a fucking iPhone charger, hah!” He dug into his pocket and pulled out a car charger. “Now we can see if we can contact your parents… I’ll call my commanding officer and see what the fuck is going on here.”
I smirked and shook my head. “That’s a relief.”
The nozzle clicked and trickles of overflowing gas rolled down the side of the car.
“Pull your gun out, Andrew isn’t back yet.” Ron said as he clicked the safety off his M4 and raised it up to his line of sight.
Oh great… a random and unneeded search and rescue quest to find my buddy who’s probably sitting in the pot.
After returning the nozzle back to the clasp, I took the pistol and aimed it, but I refused to remove the safety.
Ronald strode towards the door. “You know, does this really happen? Honestly, what the fuck Wes… shit, shit, shit.” He whispered.
Ronald kicked the doors opened and hurried through.
I walked casually inside. “Aren’t we supposed to be discrete?”
Ronald rose. “Goddamn it kid… I’m trying to make this a special moment.”
I laughed.
A quake occurred. I raised my gun and hurried towards the door and glanced outside. A black blot in the sky had my jaw dropped.
“R-Ronald, look!”
Ronald shoved me through the door and then pushed me aside. “Holy shit… I-I don’t think it’s a NASA cruiser, unless they’ve been secretly manufacturing it,” his dumbstruck face glanced over at me. “A field test?”
A gargantuan aircraft hovered overhead far, far South. Even with its distance the aircraft looked bigger than anything I’ve ever seen, bigger than the biggest cruise ship I’ve set my eyes on…
~
The hum of the engine soothed my anxiousness…
It also ruined the vision that played in my head. I didn’t even remember falling asleep. I rub my face and wipe away some accumulated sweat.
I take a sip of water and think. Think about that vision of my past that I had. My heart aches so much just thinking about Ronald and Andrew… seeing their faces, hearing their voices… can my body’s soul comprehend that they’re gone and that I’ll never see them again? Can my inner me, the part that remembers my past, know that they’ve been erased?
I don’t know and I sure as hell don’t want to believe that. I can’t cope with any more stress than I’m already bearing. 
I sit back and sigh.
Mindy sleeps soundly across from me. Her head is snuggled on a pillow and body wrapped with a blanket. Even while she sleeps she remains as flawless as a polished diamond.

Nine Hours Later…
The plane’s turbulence wakes me.
“Please forgive the turbulence. We’ve arrived at our course and are four minutes from arrival.”
A man in the intercom says.
Mindy yawns and outstretches her hands. “Finally, I was getting antsy”—
“You know you were snoozing the entire time right?” I mutter.
She smirks. “Really?”
“Yeah sleeping like a baby.”
Mindy giggles. “I wouldn’t take it that far but,” she pauses, takes the glass of water on her armrest, and takes a sip, “It’s this atmosphere, it’s so—just, I don’t know, I can’t really describe sleeping and flying… I mean it’s so serene and calm.” She rises and leaves towards the back somewhere.
“Yeah it’s calm until this turbulence shit begins to mess with my stomach.” I whisper.
--
Chapter 
5
Forgotten Civilizations

Even with all that turbulence…
The plane’s landing went smooth.
I had to wait inside the plane until Mindy made contact with the Oracle in charge of this district. Supposedly, from what Mindy said right before we landed, we’re on an island near the equator of the Earth.
Old Hawaii, which she also stated was one of the fifty states of the Old United States of America, one of the nations that dwelled upon most of the North American Content.
Now I just sit here, and wait. Twittering my fingers isn’t helping time go by any faster either and the goddamn windows are sealed with an iron clamp, so it’s not like I can stare outside and witness her return.
I think it’s been roughly thirty minutes since she left too… what can be taking her so long? Did she decide to take a shower? Do her hair? What the fuck?
Footsteps approach from the front of the plane. My heart leaps and I rise.
“Sorry for the wait Wes!” Mindy says as she waltzes on through isle.
“No, no, it’s ok, just thought you,” I pause as soon as I see a man appear from the doorway behind Mindy.
“Welcome Wes.” The man says.
His black eyes, inside the hood of his gallant white robe, give me an unimpressed-like stare.
He must be an Oracle… that’s the only thing that can explain his unusual fashion. But his face isn’t veiled. 
“I’d like to welcome you to the Province of Old Hawaii. As a human and more than likely a former citizen of the United States of America I hope you’re aware of this place’s luxury.”
Mindy faces him. “I’m not sure if he”—
I clear my throat. “I do remember, yes.” I interrupt.
Mindy turns to me, surprise crossing her face.
A part of me comprehends his statement. My past, the life that I can’t seem to remember is or was from the United States of America. But I can’t recall the rest of the details pertaining my origin.
The Oracle nods. “Excellent. Either way we’re going to teach you a form of our History, and after that small course you’ll be introduced to what the Heir Council wishes of you.”
“And when am I going to meet the people who seem to have already written my future?” I ask.
“I’m not authorized to discuss that. I’ll do what I was told to do and I wont do anything more than what I was asked. Understood?” His tone rose
I squint my eyes, slump my brow, and present my arms. “Ok, let’s begin then.”
The Oracle steps out of the plane and I steer my way through the isle of the plane towards Mindy who continues to stare at me.
“What?”
She points at the duffle bag on the floor near the exit.
“You’re kidding me right, that’s your shit.”
Mindy rolls her eyes and stomps over to the duffle bag. “At least be a gentleman Wes, didn’t you human males do anything for females?”
“I think I recall at least getting something in return.” I wink.
Her jaw drops. “Are you kidding me?!”
Without another word she yanks the duffle bag from the floor and begins her way towards the exit. I grab her arm and pull her towards me. As I stare into her eyes I can’t help but urge to kiss her... I get close enough to touch her nose with mine. Embrace the warmth coursing between the deadlocked stare, entangles me in…
“Wes, please no.” She steps away from me, her eyes shying away from mine.
“Well, since I’m feeling a little bit generous, I guess I’ll take it.” I say and then pull the strap off her shoulder and throw it over mine. “Happy?”
Her pursed lips become a smile. “It’s a learning experience. Now follow.”
The plane shakes. Wind whistles outside and I feel the harrowing blows enter through the exit. The wind brought a light sheet of water to steer its way inside the plane.
“Watch your step out there Wes, it’s really wet today.” Mindy mutters and ventures out.
I poke my head outside and see the sky overhead that’s taint is as black as coal. The haze of rain sprinkles across the dreary ambience and the scent of rain tickles my nose.
“Don’t think this is vacation Wes.” I hear the Oracle say. “Get in the transport quickly so we can get out of this monsoon.”
I lead my sight down the stairs and see a gulf-cart type vehicle. Mindy had already planted her rear on the back.
“Hurry up Wes, don’t get too wet.” Mindy yells.
I groan as I begin my way down the steps. The cool drops of water touch my skin and feel comforting. As I lay a secure balance on the pavement I stroll on over and leap on the seat next to Mindy.
“Here’s your bag.” I say and set it in between.
“See Wes, wasn’t so hard was it?”
I roll my eyes and shake my head.
“Wes, you didn’t tell me you knew anything about the North American Continent…”
Mindy whispers.
This little gulf-cart thing can sure haul some ass. I am pleasantly surprised it doesn’t come with seatbelts… with some of its turns my ass almost slips off.
I found myself caressing the rail to my left.
I turn to Mindy. “You didn’t ask me.”
“I’m not a mind reader Wes.”
“The United States of America is located on the North American continent ok, there you go. I told you what I know.” I answer.
“That’s a pretty vague explanation Wes. What all do you recall, did your memory come back?”
Mindy has this sort-of worried pitch to her voice… not just worry, a touch of fear too. But why would she fear my knowledge?
“Mindy, I’ve had a couple of dreams about my past ok. One of them had me planted in Birmingham, Alabama, one of the fifty states of the Old States.”
“Did you tell the other Oracle about it?”
“Yes I did.”
“Could you two quit the chatter please?” Says the Oracle sitting behind us. “Mindy you mind your business. If he did or didn’t inform us isn’t your prerogative, your priority is guidance.”
“I’m sorry Oracle.” Mindy whispers. 
She glances at me and sighs. Her eyebrows slump and then grimaces.
“My name is Christopher Fitzgerald. You can call me Chris for short.” Chris says.
Mindy gasps. “O-Oracle I wasn’t aware you can give your name out!”
“Sweetheart, it’s Chris, I don’t care about that fancy title. I’m a human just like you”—
“Wait a second, your kind considers themselves human like my kind of human?” I say and turn towards Chris.
He stares at me, his stance proper and upright, left foot plopped over his right knee, and arms crossed over his chest.
“What else would we be?”
“B-But”—
“But nothing. We’re made of flesh and blood as you so we’re no different. We were engineered in the exact same manner… however, we’re more refined.”
I sneer. “Ok, more refined, so what the fuck does that mean?”
Mindy groans, “Wes the language!” Mindy lightly smacks my arm.
I lock my jaw.
Chris takes a deep breath. “Let him speak the way he desires Mindy, I’m not one to place boundaries, and he’s a rare occurrence. Understand that it’s the way his kind was raised; vulgar words apparently measured the size of his cock. Your humanity doesn’t see things in the light we do. You can’t straighten a bent tree. But we can refine it.”
What?
Mindy covers her mouth and gasps again. “Oracle!”
“Mindy, saying those words without a sense of anger isn’t a sin dear. Relax.”
Refined, refined, that’s all they’re explaining about the differences between them and I. Doesn’t make sense to me. It doesn’t help me comprehend a thing.
And the vulgar language, I don’t know why I say them, they just flow out of my lips—like—like Ronald in my dreams, and Andrew, they…
Mindy clutches my shoulder. “Don’t worry Wes, we’ll explain things here shortly.”
“Be patient, there isn’t any reason to advance your knowledge, it’ll all come in due time.” Chris says.

The ride across the deserted streets of Old Hawaii…
Booms my conscious with nostalgia. My stomach knots itself and I find my heart and soul aching in that same manner it hit me when I caught sight of the Cafeteria.
I can’t begrudge the feeling, I am finding more ways to accept this feeling, because in a way it’s a part of my heritage, my long, lost past that will never return to me. But I hope that my memory will return soon… but how will I find Mindy, this Oracle, when my conscious chooses to pull the plug and allow my past to catapult back.
I peer at Mindy, her face gazing at the old remnants of my old past like a slide show. The city streets, vacant, the old restaurants, and vast skyscrapers nearing the dreary heavens… in a way, it gives me a sense of closure, knowing that my kind took the time to grow and immerse themselves in all of this surrounding us. These now deserted remnants are from the former rulers of the Earth... and it's a damn good privilege knowing that.
The vehicle slows down and turns into a large parking lot of: The Hawaiian Inn Resort, in big fancy letters plastered on a gargantuan sign sprung by a pole.
“Did you bring your entire cosmetic set or something?” 
I say as I adjust the strap on the duffle bag that digs deeper and deeper into my shoulder.
Mindy smacks me in the arm. “Uh no!”
I take a glance at her with a smirk in my face and see her cheeks lush and red.
“Pinched a nerve I see!”
“Just shut up! Ugh.” She groans, slaps her hands on her hips, and shakes her head.
The rain simmers down to a light haze as we make our way across the parking lot towards Christopher that stands stiff before a set of double doors.
“We’ll take you to your quarters where you’re to rest until further notice. Our caterers will bring you new attire, food, and all your necessities.” Chris takes a step towards me. “This isn’t a vacation.”
I scoff. “I know… you told me that already.”
“Excellent. More than likely the Heir Council will not come debrief until tomorrow around noon. This should give you some time to rest and learn basic information pertaining my race.”
I rub my face. “Look just get me inside a room, I think some rest will be fine for now.”
“Ok, we’ll take you to your room.” He pulls his sleeve up and glares at his wristwatch. “It’s one-thirty PM, at around five we’ll commence the study and dinner.”
~
Could it really be true, could the world as we know it be coming to an end?
Or is it some demeanor that just happens to be wrought by the media?
I didn’t know, but what I knew was, right now, I’m one man amidst a silent storm. 
“Nothing, the fucking line is dead.” Ronald said.
Ron leaned against the car door with his head slumped over, and for the first time, his gun out of his hands and on top of the car.
“Here, try your parents.” Ron turned and slid the phone over the top of the car.
I caught it and stare at the phone, the signal got stuck on Searching…
“Ron, I think the signal is dead, look,” I walked over to Ronald and handed him the phone.
“Son of a bitch! FUCK!” He dropped the phone and made his way towards the Gas Station Lounge.
“I-I’m sorry”—
“Kid, you don’t have to apologize for anything. There isn’t anything to be sorry about, it’s not your fault.” He points at the sky towards the cruiser still positioned in the same spot. “That thing right there doesn’t look like anything we’ve or NASA could build, that’s foreign. Fucking extraterrestrial.” 
I didn’t want to look at that thing anymore. I hurried over, picked up the phone, and stuffed it in my pocket. I glanced back and saw Ron through the glass sitting on a booth.
I sighed. I pulled the phone from my pocket and stared at the cracked black screen. I pressed the button and saw the veining streaks of tree-branching cracks glow like liquid blood over the surface. I rubbed on the rigid screen until my eyes caught sight of the signal strength: three bars!
“Three bars…” I whispered with my jaw dropped.
Immediately I unlocked the screen and pressed Phone Icon, and then pressed the Dial Icon. I entered my parents phone number and then held my breath.
Ring, Ring, screechy buzz… “W-We’re sorry, but the Stamps Residence is currently on Vacation in Jacksonville, Florida, please contact via mobile phone. Thank you.”
My dad’s voice echoed in my head. My heart sunk and I pulled the phone away from my ear.
They’re in Jacksonville, Florida on vacation… why didn’t they tell me, or did they? Heck I can’t remember the last time I spoke to them since I left New York about a month ago.
I dialed another number, a number that sprung to mind, and I hope that it works.
Ring, Ring, Ring… short pause, click: “Hello, hello?”
“D-DAD!” My heart kicked up a notch as it pounded against my chest.
“Oh my god Wesley, you’re alive, you’re ok!” He said.
“Where are you—where’s mom at?”
“Amy and I are over in Naples, Florida Wes, I don’t know if you have transportation, but—but everything Wes, everything, all forms of travel are blocked. Heck it’s hard enough to get information, we’re in the dark, all we know is that we’re to remain in our hotel room until further notice.”
His voice was calm… too calm. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but he’s never been one to remain relaxed in a time like this.
“Who told you to remain in the hotel?”
A pause occurred. “T-The National Guard and US Army Troops… Wes they’ve been activated due to a National crisis. They said something about waiting on Escort Vessels that will take us to Mobile Bay, Alabama.”
“Dad is everything ok?”
“Of course, w-why”—screech, screech, and then a smooth buzz.
I pulled the phone away and noticed signal strength was gone. This time not a Searching, but no bars followed by a flashing ERROR. I've never seen a phone do this before.
I ran forward to take a better look at the cruiser overhead. Smaller vessels that looked like little freckles, shot out of the ship in every direction.
One of the black blobs streaked near our location and collided less than a mile behind us. The ground vibrated and a harrowing wave of force pushed me forward.
“W-WES WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?!” Ronald bellowed as he ran towards me.
I faced him. “Something that thing ejected just landed near us.”
“Holy FUCK!” Ronald yelled, his arms caressing his head, and eyes drawn towards the cruiser. “Kid you better click that safety off this time.”
I pulled the handgun from the back of my pants. I cocked it and clicked the safety off. I glared into his eyes.
“I’m ready.”
I examined the sky overhead again to notice many more lines of black exhaust streaking all throughout the horizon. I couldn’t comprehend this phenomenon, my mind wasn’t ready to understand what had just happened… but my heart remained at a steady beat, and my body stayed at ease.
I hurried over towards the car and opened the door. Ronald finally came towards me, grabbed his rifle, and opened the passenger door. 
“Goddamn that Andrew is taking his time.” He muttered.
“Well, where is he? Doesn’t he have the gas canisters?”
Ronald nodded. “Fuck it. I’ll be right back, I’ll go grab them”—
“Wait, wait, what’s wrong with him anyways?”
Ronald hesitated and then smirked. “Uh he’s having an upset stomach, I told him not to eat that shit.”
“The tacos?”
“Yeah. Anyways, I’ll go grab the canisters, he should be fine here in a minute.” Ronald said.
He ran back inside and about twenty seconds later rushes back out with all three canisters.
Ronald unscrewed the tops; I shoved the nozzle inside the canister, and began fueling them.
--
Chapter 
6
Erased

“Shit, should we even make a run for it?”
Andrew, clutching his stomach, eyed the cruiser.
“You know what, I’d rather make a run for it then stand here with my thumbs up my ass doing nothing.” Ronald said.
I wasn’t too sure. A car driving down the interstate would be a pretty obvious target… if we’re even a target.
Loud helicopter type swishing sounds radiated throughout the ambiance. I glanced up and saw this duel propeller helicopter vessel cruising overhead. I stood petrified… that thing, that modified, somewhat perverted version of a helicopter isn’t human technology… it’s alien.
Two hatches opened in the bottom frame and two ropes zipped down from the holes. Not a second later, two darkened figures, slipped down the rope and landed about fifteen feet away.
I felt an arm grab me and yank me behind the car.
“Shhh.” Ronald said with his index finger pressed on his lips.
“We’ll investigate this area, seems like some activity has occurred recently. Lead way south to see if you can catch any vehicular activities.” I heard the alien tongue say… his accent indescribable, yet they spoke English, our native tongue.
The helicopter sounds lightened until the sound was completely gone.
Ronald nodded at me.
He rose. “Excuse me.”
I rose too.
The two strangers, stood stiff, upright, and bodies covered in a glossy black suit. Their heads veiled in a black visor, mirrored our smeared images.
The one on the left bowed. “My name is Elemich Spraggins, Heir S.S Commander. We traced a signal to this location. We wanted to make sure the activity was safe.”
“And what sort of activity are you surveying?” Ronald said.
“Unruly activities done by your kind.” Elemich pointed specifically at Ronald. “The so-called Military Militia run by this North American Continent.”
“It’s called the United States of America.”
Elemich crossed his arms. “I could care less what your kind call this large land mass."
“What the fuck are you doing here, what the fuck are you?” Ronald said.
Elemich removed his veil. His eyes an unnatural shade of light blue, his hair, a sheen of golden brown, and his complexion youthful and perfect… it looked… like a human. Or am I mistaking them as alien? Could it just be a big hoax?
“Boo.”
“We’re no different then you.” Said the one of the right. “What were you expecting? Green-fleshed extraterrestrials?” 
Ronald scoffed. “What the hell is this huh? Some new kind of Hollywood bullshit real-time TV show? Dressed like Men in Black fuck-heads, funded by a third-world country to try and take over us? Where are the cameras at?” Ronald aimed his M4, his eyes centered at Elemich. “Speak.”
Elemich’s brows slumped as he shot an angry look at Ron. “Primal indeed. Can’t feel the loss of control without losing all traces of self-stabilization.”
The one on the right nodded, “Indeed, self-inflicting an unjustified wound.”
“Quit fucking talking, get the fuck out of here and leave us alone.” Ronald demanded.
“Your but a stone in the wake of a storm,” on Elemich’s side, a long, sheath, held some sort of weapon. He grabbed the hilt and pulled out a sleek, gloss-black great katana. 
“Ronald, relax.” I whispered.
“The child is right. No need for harsh actions without a purpose.”
“Indeed. Your rash action isn’t going to save anyone or anything.”
My eyes met with Elemich's, “W-What do you mean?” I said.
Elemich stared and then pointed at me. “Your humanity, your civilizations, the kin that roamed these lands.”
Ronald took a step forward. “What are you getting at? Saving what? Saving for what reason?”
“There isn’t anything your kind can save. We’re here to do the job your race was supposed to bear.”
“Enough with your non-sensed bull shit. I’ll begin right here, with my feet planted on this pavement.” Ronald stomped his foot and then spit on the floor. “I’m going to make the first stand.”
Elemich took a step forward and outstretched the blade towards Ronald. “Your move, your grave. Your action will not set the course to any ultimatum.”
“Our technologies aren’t advance enough to generate a space craft like yours, but we at least know how to arm ourselves with something better than an ancient artifact like that piece of shit you have there”—
“Refrain from your redundant and elongated sentences that don’t mean anything. Step down. NOW!”
Ronald pulled the trigger and left an earsplitting gunshot ring to gnaw in my head.
Instantaneously Elemich deflected the bullet, sending it through the lounge window.
“What the fuck?” I heard Ronald whisper.
“Finished?”
“Fuck no!” Ronald bellowed.
He threw the gun on the floor, pulled a combat knife holstered on his boot, and hurled towards Elemich. Ronald swung down at Elemich, who countered with a parry. Ronald heaved forward, knocked Elemich down, ducked, rolled, and then drove his knife in the side of Elemich’s partner.
Ronald pulled the knife out and then belayed his neck. Ron, throwing the body down, dodged Elemich's swing.
Elemich stood motionless, the katana by his side, his eyes dead-locked at his fallen partner.
 “I take no prisoner’s.” Ronald hissed.
Elemich connected eyes with him. “Congratulations. You’ve drawn first blood. I’m quite impressed.”
“Don’t think I’m going to let you by pretty boy.”
I would have never expected this kind of action by Ronald… but then again, I guess I didn’t know him that well. I rose my gun, aimed, and did an action I never knew I would have done… I pulled the trigger, and watched the bullet slit through Elemich’s head.
Ronald glanced over at me with a smirk. “Fucking right. Teamwork. Now…” he paused and glanced down at the Elemich’s body. “Let’s get the fuck out of here.” He connected eyes with mine, his face grave, with specks of blood dotted over his face. “Now.”
He grabbed the katana from the ground and hauled towards me. “Get in the car, get in the car.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice. I clicked the safety, lodged the gun in between my belt buckle.
We jumped inside the car. I turned the ignition, slapped the Drive, and gunned it around the gas station.
I swerved and jerked the wheel to the right and skidded down the pike straight to the interstate.
“What the fuck Wes, this isn’t a fucking four-wheeler bro.” Andrew yelled.
“Dude, relax, I know what I’m doing.” I replied. 
“I hope so.” Ronald added, his hand secured on the oh-shit strap over the door.
My eyes remained glued to the road. Occasionally slipping sight at the rear-view mirror… I felt paranoid, awfully paranoid. My heart ached. I felt guilty, I killed a man, I killed an alien—not only an alien, b-but a defenseless alien, what-what the fuck was I thinking?
I cringed.
“Kid are you ok?” Ronald asked. “If you feel guilty… it’s natural, but you’ll learn to live with it”—
“Seriously man, is he ok, what the fuck, shit, I’m not ok, this is some serious shit.” Andrew said.
“Shut up Andrew, I’m asking Wes here. I know what fucking happened.”
I sighed. “Guys. Relax.”
“Ok, I’ll relax as soon as you hit me up with your concern.” Ronald said.
I took a deep breath. Set that unnatural, blistering feeling aside, and focused on my words. “Before that incident, I-I managed to communicate with my-my parents, they’re in Naples, Florida, right now. The thing is as soon as I lost the signal, an error message shows up on the phone and those things spit out of the ship.” I explained.
“Did you manage to get any information at all?”
“He seemed awfully calm… too calm, it isn’t like him Ron, I-I mean,” I hesitated, shook my head, and then hit the steering wheel. “He also said that they’re to remain inside their hotel room… he even asked me if I had transportation, and then he said something about all forms of travel are suspended until further notice.”
Andrew groaned. “This can’t be happening… this can’t FUCKING be happening.”
The ground trembled. A forceful heave shook the car and the hiss of the wind intensified.
“Oh shit.” Ronald whispered.
Another rumble occurred.
I glanced into the rear-view mirror and saw nothing but barren road.
Continuous hissing booms slammed against the right side of the car, not enough to damage or anything, just enough to make it jerk to the right a little.
“Those are aftershocks.” Ronald said.
Before I said a thing, my eyes opened wide at our first hurtle that spontaneously presented itself… a collapsed bridge, not just a broken down bridge, but also an airliner wreckage fumigating the atmosphere with smog.
“This is unbelievable.” Andrew muttered.
“No shit.” Ronald replied. “I told you man, this is like some movie, like a god damn fucking MOVIE, FUCK YOU.” He yelled.
I stopped the car.
“How are we going to get pass that?” I said.
“We’ll have to find a way around it”—
“This is a car man, the tires can’t take an off-road adventure.” Andrew said.
“Ok so we’re going to stay inside the car, eating Doritos and drinking soda, and sit here like sitting ducks?” Ronald said.
“Sounds good to me!” Andrew said.
“Yeah well fuck you.” Ronald said.
“Guys, instead of talking crap why don’t we try and get our wits together and find a way around this obstacle.”
“He’s right.” Ronald said. “Drive closer to the wreckage. Lets see if there’s any road left on the far left, we’ll have to cut across the median.” He unbuckles his seatbelt and points to the left. “You see that steady incline over there, we could just go over the hump and get back on the interstate.”
I saw the incline he spoke of. I steady the gas, drive through the median, and veer back to the road. The wreckage wasn’t too far off, around fifteen-or-so feet from our position. My eyes couldn’t bend weary from this phenomenon… my heartbeat wrapped around a grievous aurora of perpetual shock and awe that left me fending with nothing but my own grief…
“Kid snap out of it, you’re getting too close to that, go over there, towards the incline.” Ronald said as he snapped his fingers in front of me.
“S-Sorry.” I said.
I steered left and get off the road. The ground was rough, the car wobbled like jelly. I pushed on the gas harder until I cleared the incline with a peel out full of debris clattering beneath the car. 
I hit the road that connected to the broken bridge, went straight towards the now steep decline, and rolled down the hill.
I managed to steady the car as it sped down the hump. I veered right and hit the other side of the interstate.
“There we go, see, the car handled it.” Ronald said.
Andrew snickered, “Right, yeah, watch we’ll have a flat here pretty soon.”
“Dude, quit thinking so negative.” I said.
I hit the gas and zoomed through the median. I jerked the wheel left and got back on course towards Montgomery.

 About forty minutes later… 
The gargantuan crossroads of branching highways appeared in sight. This time however, there weren’t any wreckage blocking our course.
I nudged Ronald’s shoulder. “Hey Ronald we’ve made it to Montgomery, want to take a break or something?” I said.
Ronald yawned and shook his head. He peered out the window. “Yeah.” He turned to the dashboard and stared at the clock. “It’s a quarter past six, might as well take the next exit showing some hotels and we can stay the night.”
“Ok,” I glanced at my rearview mirror and caught sight of Andrew nibbling on a Snickers. “Hey dude can you keep your eyes peeled on the next exit with a hotel.”
He groaned and rolled his eyes. “Yeah ok.”
Ronald unbuckled his seatbelt and straightened.
I peered out the window to see that the cruiser far out to the east remained in its same location.
The course of action Ronald and I took earlier… how would that change the destiny to our humanity?
--
Chapter 
7
Enlightened

I open my eyes after hearing a buzz…
“Hey Wes, it’s five, you there, you awake?” 
I hear Mindy’s voice yelp through the door along with a light tap.
I groan and rise from the bed. “Yeah, yeah I’m awake now.”
The knob twists and she comes in, a duffle bag over her shoulder. “The Oracle gave me a bunch of stuff for you”—
“Really?”
She smirks. “Why would you be surprised?” I shrug my shoulders and snicker. “Just messing with you, relax… you seem so tense.”
Her smile strings into a grimace.
“I didn’t mean to offend you… just you know, act more civilized?”
“Wes I’m not like your civilization, I have my own, and we act differently then your humanity.”
“In what way, tell me where you come from, why you’re here, what brought you to”—
She lifts her hand and shakes her head. “Those questions are coming Wes, be patient.”
Patience… great, they continue to prolong.
I throw the sheets off and step on the cold tile. 
“After you get ready, just take a right and head straight and you’ll bump into the dining area. The Oracle, myself, and a couple of others will be waiting for you.” Mindy says as she puts the duffle bag on the bed. “See you there.”
I nod and then she leaves.
I take the duffle bag and unzip it. Inside, a white, turtleneck long-sleeved shirt, a pair of black slacks, socks, and black shoes.

Seven minutes later…
I stroll on out the room and peer to my left, a dead end and to my right, a long hallway with a series of more rooms until it branched off in a Y shape.
I continue right and continue straight. The tile changes to a polished hardwood finish and it brightens vibrant with a gargantuan glass chandelier and a round table underneath 
Mindy and Chris sat next to each other, and an empty seat next to her. The other chairs were empty.
I make my way towards them and their eyes embrace me. Chris nods and a smile brightens across Mindy’s face.
“Hi Wes!” She says.
“Welcome Wesley, please take a seat and we’ll begin the course of dinner.”
I gulp and croak.
I slide in the chair next to Mindy and stare into her eyes. She looks breathtaking. Her face lush, cheeks flush and pink, and lips a glossy pink finish. Her blouse, a cerulean tint, with a black short skirt, magnified her perfection, her stature, her complexion… her absolute beauty.
My heart felt a sort of woe, a hole punctured without a cause, without a notion in my mind as to what catapulted it. Goddamn it, what the f… I can’t, like she said, I have to... better myself.
Her hand massages my shoulder. “You ok?”
I feel my cheeks burn. 
“You alright Wesley, need some medical attention?” Chris mutters.
“No, no,” I shake my head and smile. “I’m fine. Please continue.”
Chris straightens and stares at me with eyes narrow and brows slump. “Well then, ok, while we eat our supper, I’m going to enlighten you a little bit as to the situation we’re in at this particular moment.”
He snaps his fingers.
“You’ll love this food Wes!” Mindy says.
Chris groans. “I’m beginning to see a pattern here. Over exaggeration. She’s been around humans too long”—
“What? No, Wes is the only human I’ve been around.” Mindy says.
I rubbed the back of my head. “But aren’t you a human too?”
Before he says anything, footsteps echo. I peer left and see two men, both holding large silver platters, make their way towards us. They set the plates down and leave.
Two baskets of bread, three plates of angel hair pasta, with what looked like some kind of dressing smeared on top, and three glasses of water.
The scent off the dishes leaves my stomach roaring.

After dinner, that’s when he spoke…
Not even Mindy said a word, perhaps she feared him.
“I apologize for prolonging the process. But I had to be absolutely certain the Heir Council was doing the right choice to allow you in. Let you live amongst us,” Chris pauses and glances at Mindy, “Please exit.”
Her mouth drops.
Chris closes his eyes and arches his head forward. “Please.” Chris says. “I apologize for my forwardness Mindy. But it’s by the wishes of the Prime Minister.”
I hear her gulp. “O-ok-k.” Mindy rises, bows, and leaves.
I straighten. “What’s so secret that she can’t hear?”
Chris rises and tucks the chair back in. “Please follow.”
I rise and follow. His stride remains fast and I have to result to a sprint in order to catch up. He goes down the opposite corridor across from my quarters.
The place isn’t anything like I recall… not only have I lost my mind, now I’m losing my god damn short-term memory too? What the fuck?

“Be ready, you’re about to meet the Heir Prime Minster, so please be respectful.” Chris says.
I shrug. “What am I supposed to do?”
“Just stand upright and chin up. While he speaks to you just listen and when he asks a question, answer the best you can.”
I nod. “Ok that’s simple enough.”
Chris covers his head with the hood of his cloak and then veils his face with a silver mask. He goes to the door and opens it, allowing me to enter first.
The scent, delightful, the air brisk, and the hallway leading to the open room dim. I feel Chris’s hand clutch my shoulder.
“Move along.” He whispers.
I move along the hallway until I get to the open area. The room bare, just two large panes, a door leading to the patio, and another door to my right, I’m assuming leading to the rest of the quarters.
A man, tall, and robust, body covered in white linen robes, and head, as Chris’s, covered by a hood… their style creeps me out.
“I’m the Prime Minister of the Heir Council. I’d like to welcome you to our new Eden.” He pauses and turns my direction, his face covered with a gold mask. “Pleasure to meet you. Your name?”
I hesitate… my heart’s beating so fast, my hands, I am pressing down on my thighs, just trying to hold them steady. What is it with them I fear them so much.
“W-Wesley Stamps.”
“So you’ve been recovering portions of your memory correct?”
I bite my lip and nod.
His hazel eyes connect to Chris’s and then dart back to me. “Tell me, what all do you know of your past.”
I close my eyes and search in the empty cavity where my memories should be.
“I’m from New York City, and I studied at the University of Birmingham Alabama when the event occurred… and from there I begin course to Mobile, Alabama.”
“Are these recollections overwhelming in anyway?”
I shake my head. “Not really.”
“Our records show you were found in the Old state of Florida, city of Jacksonville, I believe.” He takes a step forward, “Do you recall your reason for being there?”
I gulp. “I assume searching for my parents.”
“I hope you regain your full memory soon.”
“But if I d-do, how will I see you, how will I see Mindy… what if—if my memory does come back and I’m a different person, a true enemy?”
“You are our enemy, the you that’s there right now, and the you that’s pertaining in your dreams. You standing there is a privilege. Just remember that.”
“The fear you’re expressing now shows us that your physical body fears us, so somewhere in your conscious you know that, but the person standing there can’t comprehend.” Chris says.
“Indeed.” Replies the Prime Minister.
He outstretches his hand. “And forgive my rudeness. My name is Emilio Espondrè.”
I take his hand, covered by a silky white glove, and shake.
“Pleasure to meet you, and it’ll be a pleasure working with you.” Emilio says.
“Thank you.” I say.
He lets go and takes a step away. “Now to discuss business. I’m not certain if you’ve rekindled your memory to its fullest, but let me tell you this. Don’t expect a happy ending to your race. Humanity as you once knew it, is gone… and for the good of this world, they’re extinction was a necessity. Don’t expect to be bringing them back.”
“Wesley, we’re telling you this because we don’t know what will happen when you regain your memory to its fullest. Do not take it as a threat. What if the you that once dwelled reignites and the you that’s standing there, is erased, how will you view us as?” Chris says.
A cold chill slips down my spine. “S-So you wish me to remember yet you fear that I’ll forget sanity?”
“Your humankind can’t keep its sanity. We do not fear, because we don’t have anything to fear. But the remaining dwindling few can compose catastrophic outcomes to the Earth, and we no longer wish to jeopardize our Eden any longer.” Emilio says.
If I’m getting his bullshit straight, he doesn’t want the last of my humankind to destroy the surface of the Earth?
 “What’s happened in the past three months?” I ask.
“A lot has happened, and there isn’t anywhere easy to begin. So we’ll let Mindy, your Guide, be your historian until I discuss things with the Council Members.” Emilio glances over at Chris and nods. “Take him back to his quarters and Wesley.” He stares back at me. “If you manage to come across any useful information in your dreams, jot it down.”
I feel Chris’s hand clutch my shoulder. “Let’s head out.”
--
Chapter 
8
Mutuality

“Are you certain you want to hear about it Wes?”
Mindy, rising up, stares out the window.
“Shit… I asked didn’t I? They told me you’re my historian, so come on and fork it out.”
She faces me with her arms planted on her hips. “Wes, come on the language…”
“I promise that will probably be the last time I say any offensive word.”
“Probably?” She hisses.
I smirk. “Uh…”
“No, uh. If you start acting more mature I’ll explain what’s happened since my race landed on Earth.”
I rise and make my way towards her. I stand less than an inch away from her and catch a whiff of her intoxicating fragrance. I can feel my blood pulse faster, my heart pound harder, and my urge to embrace her. I wrap my hands around her waist and inch towards her ear.
“I promise.” I whisper.
I hear Mindy’s soft gasp. “Please Wes, no.” She pushes me back. 
I’m not going to wrestle with her.
She grabs my hand and I stare into her eyes. “By now you should know that between the months of May and June, my race appeared in the sky. We come from a different Galaxy called Mil Alco, just outside the Milky Way. I believe my ancestor’s, ancestor’s once dwelled here on Earth. We lived in a world much like Earth, but something terrible happened Wes... the two moons, Leo and Alexander, orbiting our Eden, loss the gravitational sequence after our sun caused unrest in the solar system with a solar storm. The Moons collided and our world,” she hesitates as I notice her eyes overflow with tears, "Was destroyed."
Mindy pulls me with her towards the sofa near the window. I sit down next to her. She presses her head against my shoulder.
"I-I'm sorry to hear that." I say with as much sympathy as possible... because I'm truly speechless.
"Things like this happen Wes." She replied.
“What do you call yourselves?”
“You mean like our species?” Mindy asks.
“Yeah.”
She rubs her chin and strings her crooked smile. “Humans.”
“Explain to me what the Oracle’s mean by more refined.”
She muses, pulls away from me, and then grimaces.
“Wes,” she hesitates and then faces me. “I am not allowed to share that, but I’ll tell you what has happened since our arrival.”
I sigh. “Go ahead.”
“Gosh Wes, you don’t have to get an attitude over that”—
“What? I said, go ahead, as in, just tell me what the fu-heck, has happened since the arrival.”
“You know, might be best to have this discussion tomorrow when you’re more relaxed. Right now you’re tense and explosive, learn to control yourself, your emotions… just don’t rush into things ok.”
Her pointless mumbo-jumbo bull shit makes my muscles contract, flares my nostrils… I like this girl, yet she finds a way to get under my skin.
“Hey, are you even listening to me?”
I glare up at her. “Yup. Now, leave, so I can sleep and relax, so we can postpone this conversation until tomorrow.”
I rise and make my way towards the door and open it.
“After you, this is my room after all, best if you leave.” I say.
Mindy stops at the doorway and stares at me.
She tosses her self at me, embraces me, and presses her lips against mine. I didn’t hold back, I shut the door, pick her up and kiss her with as much force. She wraps her legs around my waist and I move towards the bed and lay her down gently, my mouth not moving an inch from her lips.
--
Chapter 
9
Reliance

It isn’t long before I realize it’s already morning…
Beams of sunlight slit through the gargantuan, overly sized, window blinds, stabbed right in the goddamn center of this room. I groan and rise.
I rub the back of my neck and glance to the area where Mindy slept, but just a neatly tended side remained where her body laid.
I get off the bed and stretch. My eyes trail to the chair where an open duffle bag is set.
I stare inside at the content and notice new clothes are inside. I flip the bag upside down and let the clothes spread on the chair. A turtleneck, long-sleeve, teal shirt, some shorts, socks, and regular laced running shoes.

I step out of my room…
And make my way towards the dining area.
I felt separate emotions… the overwhelming guilt, and a sense of revulsion against myself. The pain smoldered against my soul, as though I did something I shouldn’t have, yet in that moment of action, I felt whole, and complete… what the fuck is this? Why the hell would I feel this way?
Last night I didn’t have any dreams… only a blank cavity of nothingness disoriented by the sheer emotion wrought by the comfort of Mindy.
I rub my head and pass my fingers through my hair.
I step into the dining area and peer over to the empty dining table.
Footsteps arouse my senses. I glance to the double doors leading to the kitchen and see two men walk out with large silver platters over their shoulders.
I study their movement. I didn’t feel at ease. Paranoid, confrontational. I’m alone, no Mindy, nor Chris… fuck.
I gulp and take a step back, my hands behind my back, and head lowered.
“No need to fear.” Says one.
“This is breakfast. Please sit and enjoy.” Says the other.
“The rest will be with you shortly.”
I smile and nod at their kindness… guess they aren’t here to kill me after all… not like that son of a bitch from that other place who banged me over my head and knocked me unconscious.
They set the platters down on the table and remove the cover.
“Enjoy.” They both say and make their way back.
I glance at the table and examine the content on the table. Biscuits, scrambled eggs, bacon, gravy, and small treats. On the other platter, coffee mugs, and three gallon jugs of orange juice.
The smell makes my stomach grumble.
“The food isn’t going to eat it’s self Wesley.” Mutters Chris as he waltzes around the corner. “Come, sit, and enjoy.”
He winks at me as he pulls a chair out and takes a seat.
He's a jolly fine mood this morning.
“W-Where’s Mindy?”
“She’ll be back shortly.” He answers.
I take a seat next to Chris and he glances over as he bites a chunk off a biscuit.
“Did you have any dreams last night?” 
I shake my head.
“Nothing?” Chris says.
“I’m as surprised as you are.”
I reach over grab a plate and put some scrambled eggs and bacon on it.
“Can you tell me more about these dreams your having?”
I bite a chunk of bacon and saber the crunchy, mouthwatering flavor, and bathing in the nostalgia.
“Your information is important to us Wesley.” Chris says.
And he continues to persist… can't a man enjoy some breakfast?
After I finish chewing I set the fork down and glance over at him.
“Y-You seek to extinguish my race don’t you?”
Chris remains silent, staring at the plate of food in front of him, and eyes not blinking. After a minute I see his eyes connect to mine.
“For every action, there’s a reason. We don’t act on ruthlessness as your race does. We have a goal in mind and that’s what we’re here to do. Perhaps not now, but when we know our trust is safe with you, we’ll expose the truth behind our appearance, but until then, our lips are shut. 
“We’re grateful we have you. It’s a blessing, of course, in all honesty, I’m ashamed that we have to result in this, in you, and to take advantage of you, but we’re also doing you a favor in return. A gift, a gift that no body in our humanity’s history shall receive… and we’ve salvaged your life in order to accomplish the goal ahead. So eat with us, share your emotions, we’re not enemies, we’re brothers. The ones that seek ruthlessness that long to extinguish life, to bring famine to our Eden, they’re the enemy.”
I close my eyes and arch my head forward. “These dreams I’ve been having are in a sequential pattern. I’m twenty-two. I see the city of Birmingham, Alabama, rest in shambles. I went to college there. A man, a United States Soldier named Ronald, saves me and then escorts me. He told me that transports were taking civilians to Mobile Bay, Alabama, in order to take them to Alaska. I recall asking him the reason, but he couldn’t give me an answer because he too was in the dark.”
I stop there. I open my eyes and continue my course of breakfast. I want to enjoy this… I’m tired of debrief. I just hope I shut him up for a little while longer.
Mindy never did show up for breakfast…
Instead, I remained with Chris, where we’re now on route to go speak with the Prime Minister and his Heir Council.
“Be patient. After this we’ll finally commence operations concerning your vigilance status.”
I peer back down the hallway and long to catch sight of her, to breathe in her intoxicating scent, but emptiness is the only thing comforting these dim corridors. I turn back to Chris.
“Is this the hospitality you give all your guests?”
“On occasion.” Chris snickers. “You’re our first guest, and you’re a special case too, so we’re using extra precautions.”
Extra Precautions? What the fuck? Because they think that me, a lonely sole old human being can somehow manage to overthrow a nest made up of the new humans. Yeah, there’s something more to it. And I have this feeling that as soon as I have this audience with the Heir Council, I’m going to see a broader view of grey in all the black and white. 
Gold plated elevator doors appear on our turn. A large window slapped in between the two elevator doors portrays the oceanic vista in the background, behind the resort. Ocean, as far as the eye can see, with a gargantuan yacht less than one hundred feet away from shore.
I move ahead of Chris and stare in awe.
“Our Eden is full of glamour.” Chris says.
I feel his hand clutch my shoulder.
“Imagine it gone. Imagine all of this but an echo in a wake of a dune. If your humanity remained its course, that’s what you’d see out there.”
“How?”
“Our President and Prime Minister of the Council have allowed our Eden to prosper without any surface anomaly. Grow with only the riches of nature itself. There are certain geographical landmarks we’ve catered as achievements to be remembered, but other than that, we’ve erased great portions of your humanity’s architecture.” Chris moves towards the right elevator and presses the down button. “This area here, Old Hawaii, since it’s an island clear from the mainland’s, we’ve left unaltered, use it, as grounds for our humanity to enjoy the riches of nature with no bound. But as of right now, since you’re here, we’ve kept it clear from visitation.”
“But why not work with my race?” I ask.
“Because restoration would be impossible with so much surface infractions. Unity in the state your humanity was in couldn’t be accomplished. So the only way to stop a virus is to hold it in one position and then treat it until it dies.”
“In that case, I’m the virus”—
“Not just you, you’re entire hereditary line. There are reasons for the demise of the old human race. But remember this, Armageddon isn’t an ending, it’s a new beginning of prosperity.”
The elevator dings and the doors open.
I glance inside and see that the entire back piece is one big chunk of glass. Again displaying the beauty of this place, this new world, not Earth, but Eden.
I’m beginning to see a picture… but my heart still smolders because I still fear that once they get the information I have inside my mind, I’ll meet my maker.
With my humanity gone nothing can harm the surface. It’s set to bloom naturally, erase all the pains that my humanity caused, and restore order to nature alone. But what about their race, will they live hand in hand with their Eden?
I shake my head and close my eyes so tight that the black behind my eyelids splashes in different shades of grey.
“Come on in. We’ll introduce you to the Heir Council.”
I open my eyes and nod. I take a step inside the elevator and lean against the wall.
“How old are you Chris?”
Chris presses the F10 button on the LCD display. The Elevator dings and the doors close.
“Five-hundred and twenty six.” He says.
My mouth drops. “Y-You’ve got to be kidding.”
He breaks a smile. “I’m afraid so.”
“So when Mindy said that your kind’s ancestor’s, ancestor’s once dwelled on earth, how long ago was that?”
Chris closes his eyes. “I’m not sure if you’ll be able to comprehend that part of our history.”
I roll my eyes. “Come on, understanding history isn’t complicated.”
“Are you sure about that?”
I nod. “Pretty sure.”
He snickers.
“However,” I pause until his eyes open, “I wonder how even then you had the technology to be able to venture on and off the Earth.”
“Our traces we’re erased by the Great Flood. I’m not even sure if your you even knows what I mean by that since you’ve lost so much of your memory…”
The Great Flood?
“However it may be, I’m not in my power to explain the occurrences before or after the flood, since the Prime Minister and certain older Oracles and Council Members knows of that part of your humanity’s history.”
“So after that flood… does my humanity’s history begin?” I ask.
He nods. “Yes.”
“But if the flood erased all your traces how could anything have survived?”
“I don’t know.” Chris answers.
I rub my temples and try to see if I can somehow find a reference to The Great Flood in my damaged mind. It doesn’t ring a bell.
“We’ve found a lot of your historical studies manuals too… safe to say, in your history beyond a certain point is complete and utter none sense. A great fiction writer could probably come up with more believable stuff.”
The elevator slows down and a double ding occurs until it comes to a steady stop. The doors open and Chris steps out first, I follow.
Ahead a long corridor, floors made up of smooth, marble and window’s covered in thin linen sheets, alit with glowing orb-like lamps, stamped on top of the ceiling.
It has a captivating essence; royalty.
--
Chapter 
10
Discerned

“Just remain calm.”
Chris says.
I snicker. “Trying.”
I hear his giggle. “You’ll be fine. Anyways, the Heir Council is made up of seven members, each entitled to their own opinion. They all have one goal in mind, the greater cause, and they don’t solely see in the short term, they visualize the long term outcomes as well.” Chris says.
“Do they ever disagree?”
Chris stops and turns around, his hand grabs a hold of my shoulder before I collide with him.
“What’s there to disagree about if they’re all seeking one thing?”
I rub my forehead. “I-I mean not everyone views things in the same manner”—
“Division means there’s corruption. Division is wrought by apathy-ridden incompetence. We’re not you, we’re not a slander and inept humankind that sought pleasure before anything else, no, we’re not those, nor will we ever become them. Accomplishment is in light of a better future.” Chris hesitates and then shakes his head. “I apologize Wesley.” He stares into my eyes. “Perfection is impossible to achieve. But things can be refined.” He pats my shoulder and continues his course down the slanting hallway.
His words… I-I can’t completely grasp. I feel them, I can absorb them, feel the omnipresence that radiates throughout my whole get captivated, inspired, and waft away as though sucked whole by the tide… but that’s only because the soul that derives in me understands, but my broken mind can’t.
I catch up to his stride and run into him when he stops without warning.
“S-Sorry”—
“Quiet.” He says. “This door leads to their audience chamber. Relax, don’t fret, just be yourself.”
I take a step back and nod.
He covers his head with his hood and for the first time he snaps a gold mask on his face. He glances over at me.
“It’s time.”
I gulp.
He grabs the door and opens it for me.
“Enter.”
I take a step inside the warm room. Take a whiff of the pleasant, yet delicate aroma… nostalgia grasps a hold of me, and a memory blooms in my head…

It was dusk…
A cool breeze swept over the long strands of dancing grass and the trees shivered as their leaves sprinkled over me. I took a whiff of the pristine evening air after a downpour and felt the left over particles of moisture haze off the trees and onto my skin.
I shuffle through the grass as I made my way through this field. I wasn’t aware of where I was or what I was doing, but I knew that if I remained my course I’d hit the camping ground…
 
“The Heir Council welcomes you Wesley…”
I recognize the voice that makes my memory vanish with a poof a smoke behind my eyelids.
I glance at Emilio Espondrè. He sat in a higher pulpit then the rest of the seven Heir Council members, three to his left, and four to his right. 
The ones on his left wore a crimson gown outlined in black, and their heads covered by hoods and faces veiled in white. The four to his right wore a tranquil light blue gown outlined in white, and their heads covered and faces veiled in black.
“Please move to the circle on the floor.” Emilio says.
I glance ahead and notice a small circle on the ground and take a step in the circle.
“Before we commence, on behalf of the entire Heir Council, we’re grateful to have you.”
I nod. “T-Thank you.”
Emilio rises and bows.
“We’ve thought and thought about your particular situation Wesley. Your case is something that’s one of a kind, a first, and a last. Our shoes are weighted down by the consequence the near future might dwell upon if we seek to completely extinguish”—
“If you need to dispose of me p-please don’t hesitate.” I say.
“We’re not merciless dear Wesley, please don’t consider us monstrous we do things for the good of not only our humanity, but our Eden.”
“We’re not selfish.”
“We’re selfless.”
“We’re forgiving.”
Speaks the three Council Members to Emilio’s left.
I lower my head and close my eyes. “Why come here? Then why cause mayhem?” 
“For a man suffering from amnesia you sure have an understanding of the situation that’s happened—no, happening throughout the vast oceans surrounding this place. Has your memory rekindled and you not wish to say?” Emilio says.
“No… but from the bits and pieces of memories I have been having I’ve managed to paint a picture”—
Emilio rises and outstretches his arms. “A picture of what? A picture that defines our humanity?”
I open my eyes. “I-I can’t seem to find a way to explain.”
“Friendships.”
“Family.”
“Connections.”
“Corruption.”
The four to the right say.
“Enlightened.”
“Definitions.”
“Courageousness.”
The three on the left say.
Emilio clears his throat and claps his hands. “Enough.” He says to the Council Members. “So you’ve judged our race for the acts we’ve committed?”
I shake my head. “I’m not certain what’s happened since the time I recall to now. But what I know is that I fear you, everyone, I fear for my life… this soul housed in my body, knows something I don’t… and I am heeding it’s apprehension.”
Emilio nods. “That’s understandable.”
I take a step out of the circle. “Tell me about the Great Flood?”
Commotion between the Council Members echoes across the room.
Emilio raises his hand. “Enough. The Great Flood washed the taint of corruption off Eden and reestablished a new blood, and a new era, for the old human race,” he points at me. “Your humanity.”
Vague… too vague.
“Further detail will require a private audience. The information is too pure. Please return to the circle Wesley.” Emilio says as he sits. 
I take a step back into the circle and lower my head.
“There’s an important task you must undertake. One of grand importance, not only for the good of my humanity, but also for our Eden. You’re going to be accompanied by Mindy and embark to the old state of Alaska, where you’re to seek traces of activity. From your testimonial pertaining the evacuation transports being taken to Alaska, you’ll investigate and seek out any anomaly. Since you’re a human you wont be slaughtered on sight. And to prove you’re no spy, Mindy can be used as collateral.”
“N-no-no, hell no, I refuse to place her in danger.”
“It was an idea she put on the table. It’s for the sake of everything. If only one is needed to save a million, then that’s a sacrifice I’m willing to take.” Emilio says.
I rub my face and nod. “Fine, ok, ok.”
A supernatural blow catapults its way down my throat and makes its way into my heart. An empty hole, a void cavity punctured by the thought of sacrificing her life… will I be so cruel to do such an act? No, fuck no, I’d take a bullet for her, I’d sacrifice my own life for the good if it were to spare her life.
“Then it’s done. Wesley Stamps you’re to undergo this operation with Mindy Knight. And we hope that in your travels you regain your memory.” Emilio says.
“I’m assuming Mindy is also there to also keep tabs on me?”
Emilio nods. “Correct. She’s to oversee the operation and make sure things are going as planned.” He pauses and points at me. “And if you’re to fail, we’re to intervene.”
“W-Where do I begin?”
“One week from now you’ll depart via a miniature cruise ship. Inside you’ll be given all the necessary things needed in order to accomplish your task, food, weapons, and other gadgets. Reason we chose to travel across the ocean is to remain as inconspicuous as possible. We don’t want to draw attention if there’s some sort of resistance there.”
I nod.
“Until your time comes, you’re to rest and relax and enjoy the vista before you set for the storm.” Emilio says as he stands and presents his arms. “Council members you’re free to be on your business. Thank you for witnessing in this trial.”
The Council Members stand, bow, and then make their way out from the back.
“Now.” Emilio steps off his pulpit and makes his way towards me. “So you wish to know about the Great Flood huh?”
I nod, "Please."
“Curious indeed. And I’m surprised your memory hasn’t deciphered it, I’m quite aware your race has its own story about the Great Flood, has some knowledge of the flood crawled its way into your head.” He raises his hand and pokes my forehead. “Relax your heart. Mindy will be fine, and you’ll be fine, there isn’t anything to fear.”
I gulp and shrug.
The Great Flood doesn't ring a bell, or bring back any recollection.
“So can you tell me?”
“Of course, let’s go somewhere a bit more relaxing. A stroll on the beach is the perfect setting.” His eyes dart over to Chris, “Christopher you may accompany us,” he pauses and then smiles. “Your mask won’t be needed either, you can get more comfortable.”
Chris shakes his head and I hear his muffled snicker, “Sounds delightful, I was getting hot.”
“I thought so, now, let’s be on our way.” Emilio says.
--
Chapter 
11
The Great Flood

The warm sun touches my skin with its cool, yet warm, embrace…
I plant my hands on my waist and stare across the ocean at the sun coming to a close in a marvelous masterpiece of a sunset. The ocean is on fire.
This earth, Eden, I’m accepting and falling more and more in love with. 
“A blessing we take for granted each and every day.”
I hear Chris say.
I glance at him and nod. 
Not too far up the slope that leads to the resort Emilio comes in his steady stride.
Chris doesn’t have his usual, unusual, attire on. A more relax version of himself stands before me. Short khakis, a blue short-sleeved turtleneck, and sandals. Emilio however remains in his long mysterious cloak.
“Be gracious Wes, it’s not often the Council Minister takes the time to have a conversation.”
I snicker. “Yeah, especially to me, an infectious virus hanging around the perfection that makes the hair in the back of my neck stand up.”
“Eh you’ve got a good heart Wes. Strong, I can feel it. You’re a rare human. I’m sure your past was full of glorious triumph and success.”
I smirk. “Ah shucks, thanks. Your ass-kissing sure is flattering.”
Emilio pats Chris’s back. “Welcome my brothers. Now, let’s continue our conversation in the peace of this vista. Lets walk.”
Emilio moves ahead, Chris follows, and I follow by Chris’s side.
“The Great Flood… a historical catalyst that ascertains not only an ending, but a new beginning. The Great Flood…” he hesitates and takes a breath, “Was caused by separation and corruption. Humanity blossomed as yours has since the Great Flood. Recreation, rebuild, and reengineering. You,” Emilio stops and faces me, his index finger presses against my chest. “The humans that were left behind were a portrait to mirror us, neither a successor or predecessor, but solely engineered to be slaves. How the survival of the humanoid race commenced after our departure is still a mystery."
Emilio turns and continues.
“We’re merely a reflection to your kind? H-How?”
“Slavery seems a bit too harsh don’t you think sir?” Chris says.  
“There isn’t any other way to classify them is there? Nothing masked the truth as to what they were catered to do. The dirty work, to fight wars, to die, to be thrown in facilities and work strenuous hours without much food, water… and when they were soon to expire, they were thrown in a fiery grave to burn. The Great Flood was the aftermath of the Time of Departure, and the purge of all its iniquities and treacheries.”
“So before your council there were divisions between groups?” I ask.
“In a way yes.”
“Wait what?” Chris gasps. “Why didn’t I learn of this?”
“Because sometimes not knowing is best. Accept the History that was brought to you and leave the real truth to dwindle and decay away as my generation begins to die off… until all that’s left is nothing but an echo of the reality that once was... and then the lie becomes the reality.” Emilio says. He stops and faces me. “A reflection because you we’re created in our image.”
In that split second a memory bubbles…

“We are created in God’s image, him as our creator, him as our God, and our Savior…”
“God with the grains of dust crafted this perfect being, and as we die and decay, our bodies go back to its original base, the sacred sands.”

“Wesley, Wesley.”
I feel a tap on my shoulder.
“Emilio.” I hesitate and glare into his eyes.
He smiles. “Yes.”
“How did your kind m-make humans?”
Emilio rubs his chin. “That’s a mystery you’ll have to unravel well on your own.”
I scratch my head. “So the Great Flood was a literal flood, an over-encumber of the oceans?” I point out to sea, “These ocean waters gobbled up everything?”
Emilio nods. “There was something that caused it. But we’ve discussed enough for the night. I’m beat. Perhaps I’ll induce you with more historical teachings before your journey Wes. We’ll see in what mood I’m in.” He winks.
I snicker. “Ok, that’s fine.” I glance over at Chris. “Should I just head to my quarters alone or am I going to be escorted?”
“Escorted.” Emilio says.
“Yeah, I have to tail you. The Hawaiian islands are opened again so I don’t want anyone trying to hurt you in any way before your trip.” Chris added.
“Uh... alright, well then, after you!” 
Emilio outstretches his hand and I meet his firm grasp.
“Pleasure is all mine Wesley, thank you.” Emilio says as he shakes my hand.
I smile. “Thanks.”
--
Chapter 
12
Unprecedented

“Quite an interesting subject right?”
Chris mutters.
I nod. “For some reason history fascinates me.”
“Probably because you can’t remember your own past yet alone anything about the history you were taught.”
“I don’t know, it’s strange Chris, m-my consciousness comprehends, and I feel it in here,” I pat my chest, “My heart and soul are in sync with the things occurring, yet my brain fails to take steps forward.”
He stops and faces me. “It’ll be fine.” He presses his finger against my forehead. “You’ll recover this in time, and when that time comes it’s because it is meant to be.”
I peer towards the resort entrance and catch sight of Mindy. I move ahead of Chris towards her. My anticipation hastens my pace. She glances at me and strings her lips into a smile.
“How was your trial”—
“Mindy h-how could you sacrifice yourself like that?” I get face to face with her, her eyes connect to mine and her smile becomes a frown. “I-I don’t want anything to happen to you. Please, I beg of you… call it off.”
She turns away and takes a step towards Chris.
“It’s my choice Wes, you can’t change my mind.”
“Mindy’s right.” Chris adds. “She’s already sworn her oath.”
“Ah goddamn it.” I whisper. 
“Wes relax, for all we know Alaska is a ghost town, just like this island.” Chris says.
Mindy clutches my shoulder. “We’re not going there to harm anything or anyone, we’re going there solely to investigate.”
“And we’re going properly dressed as a normal human so we can blend in with you”—
“You both look exactly like my kind, how can they even tell the difference?” I ask.
Chris grabs my arm and turns me around. “Look into my eyes.”
I stare. “And what am I looking for?”
“Our eye color tone is brighter and the iris consumes the anterior chamber and pupil that lies beneath the iris.”
My jaw drops. That’s the first time I noticed. I peer and stare into Mindy’s eyes. Her tranquil color of honey gold coats the entire spot where the pupil is suppose to be. But maybe since I lost my memory I could have overlooked this.
Mindy smiles and points at her eyes. “We have some eye contacts to coat our eyes.” She winks.
 Chris sighs. “Enough… let’s go get something to eat before it gets too cramped.”
"I'm just going to go back to my room and relax. I could use a shower." I say.
Chris nods, "Alright, well I'll have Mindy bring you something back."
"Anything particular?" Mindy asks.
"Anything will be find." I reply.
Mindy grimaces, "Well ok."

I enter my room and slam the door shut.
I don't know why, but I feel really angry. Aggravated. And I felt terrible all at the same time. This pain in the pit of my stomach crippled my senses, killed my longings to discover, and erased any form of excitement to enter.
I lean against the door and slam my ahead against it.
I can't shake that pain away. That same emptiness is still there; a hole punctured in my heart because I don't want to lose Mindy. Her safety is everything to me... I-I think I've attached myself to her... grown accustomed to her in this short time with her.
This is ridiculous.
I enter the bathroom and see the Jacuzzi sized bathtub. After letting the tub fill up I step inside the hot water, I relax my head on the headrest and close my eyes...
~
“Fuck, these last twenty-five miles get longer and longer…”
Andrew said.
“Please shut the fuck up.” Ron said.
“Just relax for a couple of more minutes we should be there.” I said.
“Mobile Bay is just a destination”—
“Wait what?” I said.
“What the fuck Ron”—
Silence besieged us with the perpetual batter of wind whistling outside the car. Overhead, a speck of vibrant light opens up the sky.
“Oh s-shit!” Ron bellowed.
I hit the brakes. The car skidded to a rough stop and swerved into the median and backlash into tree. The recoil jerked my neck forward and caused an uncomforting rip.
I managed to creek open my eyes and stare into the heavens. The clouds dispersed around the speck of light like a gargantuan cloud-driven tsunami in the sky. The hiss of wind whistled outside our car.
“You know Wes… maybe we should be going the opposite way of that FUCKING THING IN THE SKY!” Andrew yelled.
I groaned and rubbed the back of my neck. “Dude chill the fuck out.”
Ron slapped me in the back of my head. He then shifted the drive to overdrive. “Fucking go, go, GO goddamn it go!”
The slap brought my senses to spring up in a hysteria of shock and awe. I hit the gas, swerved back on the road, and sped away.
I stared at my rearview mirror and watched the ball of light’s slow decline towards the place we were on route to. In seconds the ball sparked and exploded.
In that one split second time slowed down. The front tire bursts and sprung off. I hit the brakes, lose control, and the aftershock picked up the car…
~
“Holy shit!”
I bellow.
I spring forward and feel a snap has my hand clutched behind me neck. I roll over and splash into the lukewarm water until my head bangs into the bottom of the tub. The pain is excruciating.
I rise from the water and rub my face.
"Ah shit that hurt." I groan and relax my head back on the rest.
--
Chapter 
13
Vulnerability

Ron snickered, “Glad this fucking katana didn’t end up someone’s ass…”
I heard Ron say.
I didn’t open my eyes but I did break a smile.
“Ha there he goes, get your ass up kid!”
Andrew groaned. “Fuck me”—
“Not even a fat retarded bitch would want to fuck you, so shut up and go fetch me the med-kit.”
“Shut up!” Andrew said. “Goddamn man.”
“Ok I take that other comment back, maybe the katana should have ended up your ass.”
Footsteps shuffled away.
“Stick that finger up there with the imaginary katana bub.” Ron said.
I opened my eyes to see Ron over me. His face tattered and battered. He had a bruised right eye and a long gash across his right cheek.
“W-What did I miss?” I asked.
“Oh my fucking god Wes is awake!” Andrew yells.
Fast pace footsteps close in on me. But I couldn’t move my neck, it felt locked into place, tied, but I felt nothing around the area holding it in its position. 
“Here’s the med-kit.” Andrew said.
I heard Ron unzip something and then felt a smack on my stomach.
“Glad you finally woke up mate. Man you had me scared.” Andrew said.
Ron appeared over me again. He flicked a small flashlight on and stared into my eyes.
“Dilated and bloodshot. Oh and by the way… don’t ever hit the fucking brakes when you get a flat.”
“Dude that tire blew the fuck off.” Andrew said. 
I groaned. “Y-Yeah I saw it shoot off too.”
“Doesn’t make a difference. Don’t hit the brakes.” Ron snapped his fingers and glanced at Andrew, “Andrew go grab him some food and a glass of water.”
“Am I y’all’s bitch now?”
Ron sighed, his lips pursed and eyes squinted. “What does it look like I’m doing? Yeah exactly, shut up and go get it.”
Ron wrapped his hand around my forehead. “Checking to see if your neck is broken.”
I felt the pressure on my neck intensify.
“Feel any pain?”
“No.” I answered.
“Good. Nothing’s broken. I think you might have it sore,” I felt his hand move to the back of my neck and rub a tender spot that made me cringe. “Ah I see that’s the spot.” He winked at me.
“Ok-ok that’s enough.”
Ron rose and outstretched his hand towards me. “Ok, let’s get you stretched.”
I took his hand and he lifted me up.
“Thanks.”
“Psh no need kid, we’re a team.” He nudged me in the arm with his fist.
I smirked. “Ha, yeah.”
“Take a look at that.”
He pointed behind me. I turned around and saw the sky split, as rainbow-like beams of auroras bled down from the cavity in the atmosphere.
“D-did we do that?” I faced Ron.
“I’m not sure if it was alien or not. An extraordinary explosion no doubt.” Ron said.
“Where to now?” I asked.
He shook his head. “I’m not sure. It’s definitely not Mobile Bay.”
“Hey Wes catch.” Andrew said.
I glanced and caught a bottle of water. I snapped the cap and guzzled the lukewarm water down in three gulps.
“So no Mobile Bay…” Andrew’s jaw dropped as he stooped his head forward and sighed. “Fuck. Now what?”
“Dothan and then Florida.” I said.
Andrew glanced at me and rolled his eyes. “Yeah sure, shit, let’s get closer to that thing shall we?”
“I don’t care if you stick around here, either of you, I’m going to Florida.” I said and made my way towards the car wreckage.
I still wondered how we all survived that crash. The car ended up upside down and lost the front axle. Fate, luck, God? I don’t know and I don’t give a fuck.
Ron, limping, moved ahead of me in a skipping stride towards the wreckage.
"Before we go anywhere, we have to find ourselves a ride." Ron said.
"Where could we possibly find one?" I said.
"You know, if I'm right, that exit right there leads to a road that heads towards Auburn, and before Auburn we can take the country road to Troy that leads directly to Dothan." Andrew said.
"Yeah I know what road you're talking about... I hate that road... but now that there's no cops, speed limits, or red lights we can get there in a quarter of the time." I said.
"Again, we need a pair of goddamn wheels first." Ron, ripping the back passenger door clean off the car, said.
He tossed it to the ground and yanked a duffle bag, the katana, and his M4 out, tossing duffle bag to the ground, slinging the katana beneath his armpit, and slipping the M4 strap over his shoulder.
"You know... we should stay clear of this, all the fucking gasoline spilled." Ron said.
I didn't hesitate, I grabbed the duffle bag, and hauled ass away from the car. Andrew and Ron followed close behind.
"Ah fuck this is turning out to be a fun day already." Andrew said.
"Yup-ta-fucking-do." Ron muttered.
"We good enough to run?" I asked.
"I'm good to go." Ron said.
"My ass hurts a little but I should be ok." Andrew added.
"Pussy." Ron said.
"Fuck you!" Andrew said.
We all laughed, because it was quite funny, and with all this tension spiraling around us... it felt good, really good.

Not far from the exit we spotted a Shell gas station lounge with a bunch of vehicles.
"No shit... a sign of life!" Ron bellowed, "Skew!"
"The force must be with us." Andrew muttered.
Ron wiped the sweat from his brow, "I'm hot, sweaty, and I could use a hot shower."
I think Ron was in luck, because I made out a long RV strapped to a Ford F150 in the Shell up the road.
"Catch." Ron slung the katana, hilt first, at me. 
I caught it and almost lost my balance as the weight of the katana almost dragged me down to the floor. I didn't feel that exhausted, but I guess I was.
Ron aimed his M4 forward and hurried towards the RV. He knocked on the half-opened screen door and then slung it open, leaped inside, and gave a frightening scream.
The shout had me terrified. I stood petrified with the hair in the back of neck springing up as though a balloon had popped right in my face.
 "That was some spooky shit." Andrew whispered, "Had me checking my pants for a minute!"
I chuckled, "Cute."
"Fuck." Andrew, adjusting his pants, said.
I continued to laugh. It felt good, really good.
Ron kicked the door open so hard that the screen flopped right off the hinges, "Oops..."
"Ha!" Andrew said, "Good job."
"Nobody's home. And this piece of shit trailer has a shower... woot!" Ron said.
"Wonder if the keys to this F150 are still in the ignition." I said, thinking out loud.
"Yeah right. If we were in a movie then that would be a probability. But since we're this is real life, and we're in this fucked up real life situation, we aren't going to be that lucky." Andrew said.
I shrug, "You'd be surprised."
"Prove it, go check, while you do, and get disappointed, I'm going to go take a piss in the gas station." Andrew said.
"I'm going to take a shower, I suggest we all do, we need to freshen up. Might as well sleep in here tonight too. Let's get comfy," a big smile crosses Ron's face, "I'll cook too!"
I nod, "Sounds like a plan."
"I'll take that thing," Ron, outstretching his hand, said.
I hand the katana to Ron, "Going to go check if the keys are in the truck."
"Ok, I'll be in here."
The F150 was an extended cab. It was a sleek ocean blue with a picture of a fish in the back windowpane. I opened the front door and the sound of the ding, ding... ding, brought this sort of happiness to wash over me. The keys... YES!
I turned over to the parking area and saw my dream car, gunmetal colored Dodge Challenger. I drooled for a minute.
I hurried over to it and stared inside, leather finish, navigation system, Road and Track version... indeed my dream car, perhaps I'm in a dream. I try to open it but the door didn't unlock... nope not in a dream, great.
The Next Day...
We left the RV, but took the F150 and piled a bunch of stuff in bed...

~
Three Days Later

“Ingenious…”
Chris says.
“Psh, bull shit.” I shake my head. “Idiotic.”
I move my Bishop and kill his Rook.
“Boom!”
Mindy smacks me in the arm. “Hey now, don’t talk down at an Oracle.”
“Mindy, throw that Oracle bull sh-crap out the window, it’s Chris, come on!”
Chris winks. “No, you better take Mindy’s advice serious.”
Mindy sighs. “You’re not helping.”
I glance into Mindy’s eyes as she smirks and squints her eyes. “You’re turning him to the dark side.”
“Mindy, we’re days closer to departing on this long voyage, I want to relax and enjoy my time here. You should do the same.” Chris says.
“I am, I am”—
“Well for now, throw all those rules out the window. Have fun!”
Mindy rubs the back of my neck. “Has it gotten any better?”
“Since you touched it, it feels a hell of a lot better now.” I glance over at Chris as he moves his Knight and kills my Queen.
“Told you, ingenious.”
I groan and smack my forehead.
“Check.”
I shrug. “S-she’s distracting me!” Chris gives Mindy a thumbs up. “Good job Mindy. Again, check.”
I move my Pawn forward.
He moves his Rook and kills my Pawn.
“Checkmate!”
I groan. “Congratulations.”
Chris sips on a glass of water. “So what happened to your neck again?”
“He had another one of those dreams.” Mindy answers.
I nod. “Yeah freaked the heck out of me and I leapt off the bed.”
“But what happened?” Chris asks.
I snicker. “Well in the dream I hurt my neck after I crashed… then a big explosion pretty much woke me up.”
“You probably strained an old wound.” Chris adds.
“Yeah that’s what I told him.”
“I can’t argue with that.” I close my eyes and run my fingers through my hair. “Do either of you know anything about the Mobile Bay, Alabama incident?”
Chris straightens and crosses his arms. “An EMP-A Neonuke. Our first strike.”
“EMP?”
“Electro Magnetic Pulse.” Mindy answers.
“However, the wreckage that it caused wasn’t our fault. A counter missile sent by the North American Nation, the United States, destabilized it and pretty much caused the massive explosion you saw in your dream.” Chris flicks the King piece off the table and sends it spiraling off the board. “It was a dull move... thousands upon thousands killed instantaneously... unbelievable. ”
“W-what happened after that?”
“Erased each and every Nation from the globe.”
I glance over at Mindy. My disbelief has my jaw-lowered in awe. In such a short period of time? How much power can harness such an assault?
“Without guidance, w-without a Government… your humans, the populated masses couldn’t hold sanity for long.” Mindy says.
“But what about those transports to Alaska, who gave that order?”
Chris shakes his head. “The Heir Council wasn’t sure… our EMP was set in order to delay those operations, but, they were abandoned entirely, or we assume so, after Mobile Bay and the Gulf of Mexico was hit by that… incident.”
“This happened three months ago right?”
“Give and take a couple days, yes.” Chris says.
“And in those three months you now choose to begin an investigation in Alaska?”
“I guess, I’m not in the Heir Council or in Emilio’s head, and surely not mind-reading our President, so I’m just out of the loop to most of their overall choices. We’re currently in the Seven Years of Restoration,” Chris snickers. “Well that’s what the Heir Council is calling it. Around the globe they’re allowing our Eden to prosper with its own natural riches… they’re also erasing massive amounts of surface infractions caused over the centuries.”
“It’s all so baffling you know… like,” I hesitate and shake my head. “I-I don’t know, sorry just my body shakes and my heart is beating so fast.” 
I feel a trickle of sweat streak down my brow.
“You’re overeating. Relax.” Chris says. "You'll probably end up being the one and only human survivor to witness the new world in motion. Give it time and you'll feel right at home... you'll see that we're no different than your race."
“Wes, if you’d like, we can go to the doctor and get your neck checked.” Mindy mutters.
Way to change the subject.
“I just want my memory back, I want my life back,” I rise, “Is that too much to ask? I want to remember and understand what’s this I’m doing, what’s happened, my past, my memories… how in fuck’s name I can play this shitty board game… how?” I smack my head. “I-I’m sorry.”
Chris rises and clutches my shoulder. “Wesley, it’ll be fine.”
“Your assurance doesn’t satisfy my body.” I grab his hand and press it against my chest. “My soul doesn’t believe you.” I shove his hand off and make my way towards the door. “Going to call it early today.”
Chris nods. "We'll send food to your quarters. And Wesley, please understand that you're alive and that's all that matters..."
Sure I'm alive, but what about my family and friends, Ron and Andrew, what of them? Should I really be grateful that I'm alive while they're out there probably struggling to stay alive? Hell, if they're even alive. I feel awful, emotionally awful, and it sucks.
“Ok.” Mindy says.
I exit and head towards my quarters, pretty much two doors to the right after exiting Chris’s. I go in my room and shut the door. My hand motions over the knob where lock springs to mind. There isn’t one.
I stagger towards the bed and fall face flat. I close my eyes…
~
Ron hurtled over the reception desk and grabbed a key box…
“Villa sounds excellent.” He said as he dumped the box over and spilled a cluster of keycards.
“Fuck yeah! And there’s still power in here too!” Andrew said.
I didn’t care what kind of room we were going to lounge in, I just wanted a hot bath and some fucking R&R.
Ron shuffled through a bunch of cards until he found a golden one and flashed it towards me. “Oh fuck yeah, time to crash in style!”
“Awesome. After you.” I said.
Andrew smacked my back. “Come on dude, perk up!”
“Andrew. Shut up.”
Andrew broke in laughter. 
“Yeah Andrew, shut the fuck up.” Ron said.
“God damn, y`all both need to shut up. Give me that card.” Andrew snatched the card from Ron and broke towards the elevator.
Ron groaned. “Kid, he’s lucky my ass and both of my legs hurt, or I’d tackle him down.” Ron said.
I snickered. “I’m with you there.”
Ron, his hand clutching his back, staggered towards me. “Ah shit, next time remind me not to jump over a counter after surviving a car accident ok?”
I nod. “Gotcha.”
“Hey uh Andrew, why are you even thinking about taking a goddamn elevator? If you get stuck… I won’t be coming to save you.” Ron said as he pointed to the staircase. “Taking the stairs.”
Andrew sighed. “I feel like shit too, damn it.”
I shook my head and made my way towards the stairs. “Hurry up, or I’ll pass out on this floor.”
~
“Hey Wes.”
Mindy mutters.
I open my eyes and see her sitting on the bed staring at me.
“What time is it?” I take a breath and stretch my arms.
“About two in the morning.”
“And why are you here at two in the morning?”
“I don’t know… I-I couldn’t sleep.” She says and then lies besides me.
I snicker. “Make yourself at home.”
Her warm hand grazes my face. She kisses my cheek and wraps her hand around my waist.
“Night.”
~

I gaze around; searching for any sign
I screamed.
I huffed it through the wilderness. I tripped on a vine, landed with a breath-depleting thump, and then spiraled down a decline until my body landed in a stream of ice-cold water.
A vibration shook the ground and less than second later aftershocks stripped through forest floor. As I rose and tried to crawl to the riverbed, the shock catapulted me face first into the shallow edge of the stream.
I rose my head up from the water and saw streaks of blood streaming with the water.
I shivered and crawled back on the bed of leaves where I collapsed and set my head down to rest.
--
Chapter 14
Encapsulate

To echo, to reach, and only to realize…
I am the stone amidst the wake of the storm.
I opened my eyes and saw the parading leaves of the grand oaks dancing with the tug of wind brushing through the forest.
I passed my fingers across my face and felt the scratches and dried blood. The pain stung more than anything I’ve ever felt before, more than the very impact that caused it. The good news was… my nose wasn’t broken. Thank fucking goodness.
Even with my sore muscles, I managed to leverage myself from the ground.  I made my way towards the stream and dipped my head in the water. The icy water soothed some of the pain, but as it washed into the cuts the sensation was too sharp to fathom. 
I slipped my shirt off and wiped away what I could from the scratches and blots plastered on my face. I sucked it up and just pressed down as hard as I could. I screamed at the top of my lungs only to hear my echo comfort my loneliness.
I stared at my white shirt… the smear of blood coated it like crimson paint.
I threw my shirt on the ground and rose. Now to get the hell out of this wilderness. And to hope this doesn’t turn out to be some strenuously endless stroll.
Where the hell are Andrew and Ron?
I examined my perimeter. Nothing but mossy ground, endless series of trees, that small shallow stream, and the steep incline I rolled down from. Maybe going back up might be my best bet. 
I hurled over the stream and ran up the incline. I leaped up, secured my grip on a branch, and jumped over to the ground above. Again, the same picture, trees, trees everywhere, fuck. I didn’t even see any footsteps, not even my footsteps… they must have been covered by the leaves or something. I shook my head and sighed. My aggravation gnawed.
My heart sunk at the sound of helicopter propellers. I stared ahead of me and saw leaves falling not even thirty yards away. The wind intensified and howled.
I made out two ropes and I knew, I knew it was them, those-those human lookalikes… they’re looking for me, for us, Ron and Andrew.
I reached in the back of my belt buckle but my gun wasn’t there. Shit.
I turned around, slid down the decline, and leapt into the stream. From there I picked up my shirt and broke into a sprint towards the maze of trees.  
The propeller sounds seemed to be following me. I peered back and saw the falling leaves trailing me. They’ve spotted me.
I hastened my pace. The leaves crumbled and rustled beneath my feet and the low shrubs smacked against my skin like whips. I couldn’t stop, I had to keep going, no matter what, no matter the pain, and no matter the agonizing reality that I’ve lost my dearest friends in the mess of this chaos… I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.
The burn of my memories brought the tears. And the regret plowed more holes in my vacant heart.

A break in the wilderness finally appeared…
One moment I was cluster fucked in a forest, and a second later I’m running across a long and flat field… a football field. I made my way towards the stadium benches. I hit the pavement, slowed down, and ran behind the benches to rest. I slid down the wall until I fell flat on my rear.
I dried my face full of tears and sweat.
I could imagine Ron’s response to this: Quit being a fucking pussy kid, suck it up.
I snickered at the thought and then sobbed in return.
“I am being pussy aren’t I?” I muttered to myself.
And now I’m talking to myself, fucking great. I’m losing it—no, no I’ve lost it.
The propeller sounds hummed in the distance, something that relieved a portion of my ache. But then footsteps aroused every hair in my body I rose and pressed my back against the wall.
Multiple footsteps shuffled over the grass. Ron and Andrew?
I edged and peered around the corner. Nothing but empty fields.
A scratchy sound brought my attention behind me. I did a one-eighty and froze stiff. It’s them, the lookalikes. The black suited figure, face veiled in that same black visor, stood upright with the glossy great katana drawn forward.
“Relax, we’re not here to hurt you.” It said.
The helicopter propeller sounds intensified until it’s shadow casted over me. I glanced at the sky and saw it circling us.
I felt a hand clutch my shoulder. I shoved the hand away, turned around, pushed whoever it was behind me away.
“Relax.” The muffled voice said.
“H-How do you know my language?” I asked.
The one I shoved away straightened and took a step towards me.
“A concern that’s irrelevant to the situation at hand. Why run?”
I shrugged. “I-I don’t know.”
“What do you fear?” Asked the one behind me.
It’s right… what do I fear? Them?
I shook my head. “I’m not sure.”
“Then why run?”
“What do you want?” I asked.
“So you counter our question with another question. So in regards to this little entanglement, what you’re saying is that you don’t know why you’re running and you don’t know why you fear us.”
The one in front of me took another step towards me and outstretched his hand. “We’re not here to harm you or anything for that matter. They call me Ellie.”
I slapped Ellie’s hand away. “B-Bull shit. Haven’t you seen the destruction and chaos y-you’ve created?”
Ellie let its hand fall to the side. “The chaos you see running rampant isn’t our doing, it’s the basic protocol of an incompetent human race. They cause their own chaos, they dig their own graves.”
“The reason you run and fear us is the very reason turmoil has erected bloodshed.”
“Enough, Enough.”
A random voice blurted out.
From the corner another lookalike walked in. It’s body embraced by a tranquil white gown, head covered by the hood, and face hidden behind a silver mask. On his hand, a peculiar cane with a white orb on the hilt that glowed and sparked. 
It’s emerald eyes were a different taint, a more vivid shade than any other eyes I’ve seen. No pupil, just solid color.
“You’re accompanying us.”
I stared at him with an angry face, “And who are you?” 
The one from behind grabbed a hold of my scruff and shoved me to my knees. “Show respect human, he’s an Oracle.”
It pulled my hands to my back and fastened me with some kind of metal clamp.
I didn’t have the urge to wrestle… my exhaustion was beyond me.
“He’s sustained heavy injury. Take him to get medicated before we induce him to the Cleansing.” The Oracle said.
“This won’t hurt one bit.” It whispered.
And less then a second before my mind deciphered its words, everything went black, and numbness slipped throughout my whole… and I welcomed it.
--
Chapter 
15
In The Beginning…

I open my eyes and peer towards the windowpane…
The dawn aurora sheds its blue glow.
I feel Mindy caressed on my arm, her head snug on my shoulder. I didn’t know what to think of this… entanglement. I feel this affection towards her that I can’t describe... yet it feels forbidden. Such a perfect being like herself here with me. What if… what if the Council finds out of this, what will they think of her?
I slip off her and rest her head on the pillow. I gently get off the bed and pull a bath gown that’s set on the sofa. I throw it over me, grab the duffle bag off from the floor, and leave the room.
I have to get out of there; I can’t risk exposure like that.
The corridor is cold and dim. Only my footsteps accompany me. My bare feet tiptoe over the ice-cold tile as though I were walking over iron pins.
I walk through the vacant dining area and freeze at the sight of the body that appears around the corner.
Emilio, brow slump and eyes squinted, stares at me with arms crossed.
“Wesley Stamps, I was just coming to visit.” He says.
I break a smile. “H-Hey.”
“Please accompany me.”
Emilio’s tone is hard, the hair in the back of my neck rises up and goose bumps spring on my arms.
I feel sweat trickle down my brow... I really hope that he doesn't read my reaction.
What if he knows about Mindy and I? There isn’t any other reason he’d be out moping about so early in the morning. He must be here to take me in. Fuck, shit, son of a bitch.
I try and ease my hyperventilation by loosening the robe lace “W-Where to?”
“Let’s take a stroll outside. The dawn is such a beautiful sight, I can’t bear to miss another.” He says.
Relief washed over me.
“Lead the way!” 
He smiles and then nods. “Come.”
While his back is against me, I slide the duffle bag from my shoulder and toss it beneath some table that’s overshadowed by a large painting. I take the gown off and toss it on top of the bag then hurry to catch up.

He opens the door for me…
And I make my way through the back double doors of the resort that leads down towards the beach.
Emilio clutches my shoulder. “Now we can speak a bit more about life before the Great Flood.”
He moves ahead of me and makes his way down the steps and onto the beach. I follow closely, feeling the smooth cool sand shuffle beneath my feet.
“Before the flood there was civilization,” He outstretches his arms and points at the resort. “Much like your humanity, it builds, destroys, and then rebuilds. Our civilization didn’t have denominations, nor cultural differences, and a slew of different languages to confuse the masses. However, there was disagreement.” He stares at me with an ogled expression. “If you must know, once all the land masses were a whole, known as Gia. Well your historians call it Pangaea. One gargantuan piece of land. The land was split between four Populus, or in another word: Nations. The Norte Atlantis, Sur Atlantis, Eastendra, and Westendra. In the center reigned the main Government, also known as the Heir… not exactly me, nor my Council Members, or the current President of our Order, but a younger version of the more refined Council…”
The stuff he spoke left me beyond baffled. Hysteria and nostalgia has my nerves on the edge. I’m not sure whether he’s telling me a fairytale or actuality. A part of me believes him and another part of me finds it along the lines of bullshit.
He continues across the beach until he’s about a foot from the tide. The waters gurgle of a thousand symbols sooths the cool atmosphere. And the wind, light to the touch, whistles in my ear.
“What caused a disagreement to a flawless humanity as you find yourself to be.”
He faces me, a smirk crossing his face. He points at me. “Your beginning. Your origin.”
“Wait, wait… before you tell me that,” I hesitate and bite my lip, “Uh, where did your b-beginning begin?”
 A moment of silence besieges us. He stands motionless, only his long rags of loose robe, swaying with the wind’s tugs.
“In the beginning there was a world. Lifeless, barren, and unused. It’s name, Earth, meaning this,” he lurches over and picks up a hand full of dirt, “Sand, soil,” he opens his hand and lets the sand pass through his fingertips. “All things are created and we we're one of those creations, along side our Eden. However the case may be, I’m not going to explain the base; I’m going to explain about your civilization’s origin and the turmoil it sprouted. Your beginning, not ours.”
He turns away from me and faces the ocean.
“It happened instantaneously, or so the relics describe. One moment there’s a world in motion due to the work of man, but in the next, the work of man is crippled by the work of a clone. Not just a clone, a completely reengineered specimen to mirror us and our achievements. The first year was a calm stature that made way towards the perpetual storm to cease all. 
“A century and a half after their creation the Heir granted sole colonization made up of these half-breeds. They were granted Citizenship and freedom from their slavery work. The Sur Atlantis, out of all the other Nations, chose to keep their lands taint free from the spoil of these half-breeds. And they became the first nation to completely segregate themselves from the governing of the Heir.”
“Emilio.” I say.
“Yes?”
“D-Did the half-breed humans… could they mate with your kind?”
He snickers. “I’m getting to that. Patience.”
“Ah, s-sorry—sorry, please continue.”
He smiles and shakes his head. “As I was saying. The Sur Atlantis had serious policies during trade and they did own at least three quarters of the world’s fresh market, so the Heir had to continue to create organically crafted things… meaning half-breed hands didn’t create them. 
Now, a half a century past that alienation, trade between Sur and the Heir ceased completely. During this time half-breeds and humans were mating. This completely abolished all half-breed segregation throughout the Heir nations. This is where it got hectic. Confrontations broke out, about an abomination in God’s eyes and an abomination to the human spirit, to mate with something that soulless and a counterfeit.” His face turns grave, his eyes close and he sighs. “This begins the Time of Departure.”
“And that’s what caused the Great Flood?”
Emilio nods. “The Time of Departure is a time period that was composed of seven years of peace… but that era is a time period where you’ll have to speculate and assume the footsteps taken to have caused the Great Flood.” He takes a step towards me and puts his hand over my heart. “The heart was our gift to your race, but the soul was ripped apart and taken because of lust. Your life is temporary, our life isn’t, we live for hundreds and hundreds of years, and you can barely break eighty. It’s strange how your life can’t be preserved, how quickly it ages, and breaks... deteriorates.”
A smolder of feelings burns in me. Pain, hatred, I can’t grasp what I feel, but it hurt, more than anything I’ve ever felt, more than a blow in the back of my head. This is a blow straight into my soul.
I feel a tear slither down my cheek.
“You’ll be fine dear Wesley Stamps, seeing you here with us, allowing us to study your race by a single man, you give us empathy,” his eyes squint and lips purse. “But it doesn’t mask that we won’t stop until the last half-breed is wiped from the face of this Earth.”
Emilio pats my shoulder and makes his way back towards the resort. I stand there, motionless, and fall to my knees.
“I’ll send Chris to watch over you while you contemplate. And I promise to explain about the Time of Departure tomorrow morning, same time.”
“Thanks Emilio… thanks for your honesty, and your kindness.” I say.
“There isn’t anything to thank me for Wes, I’ll leave you be.”
The Heart was our gift to you, but the soul was ripped apart and taken due to lust...
The soul split, so what I have... is but a fragment of an original soul.
--
Chapter 
16
The Cleansing

“Ever wonder what will come of me?”
I glare over at Mindy, her face a grimace.
“You shouldn’t worry about things like that Wes.” Chris replies.
“He’s right Wes, I m-mean, don’t think… you know, l-like that.” Mindy sighs.
“Wes, if we or the Heir wished for your soul, we would have extinguished it by now.” Chris says.
"I can't forget about what I've become, I mean look at me... I've been brainwashed by a group of extraterrestrials to believe that my own entity is the enemy. I can't forget my past, I won't, it's what made me who I am today. Though my memory is broken... this me that's sitting here was shaped by the humanity you've erased."
"The damage has been done, and it'll be hard to repair... if you're willing to accept the change." Chris says with this heartwarming premise that took a piece of my resentment and had it wash away.
I remain silent. My eyes draw to the warm flames embracing the little living area inside Chris’s abnormally large room... he calls it a room, I say bull shit, and call it an apartment.
“Strange to ask now but what happens once you capture one of err uh another kind just like me?” I ask.
“They’re cleansed.” Chris says.
I scoff, “Bull shit, don’t sugar coat this please, tell me.”
Chris glances over at Mindy whom shakes her head.
“They’re erased from existence.” Chris rises. “What’s your deal tonight anyways? Did your memory come back? Hmm, now help me understand you.”
I snicker. “I don’t know where I was going with it, sorry.”
“Don’t apologize Wes, I’m sorry we didn’t explain that sooner.”
“You know what, I want a fucking fireplace in my room.” I mutter.
Chris laughs. “If it’ll make you feel any better we can swap rooms.”
“No, no,” I straighten on the sofa and cross my arms, “Emilio spoke to me today.”
Mindy faces me startled, “Wait, what—w-when?” Mindy asks.
“And when did I miss this?” Chris adds.
“This morning.”
Mindy's jaw dropped.
“Whatever he wished to say must remain solely between you and him.” Chris says. “But lets cut the chitchat for a bit, I’m famished, I don’t know about the two of you.”
“I could use some hot tea.” Mindy says.
I didn’t refuse; just the thought of food left my stomach grumbling.

As Emilio had mentioned…
Activity sure did pick up throughout the resort. 
Just stepping out of Chris’s room exposes the surplus in activity. Waves of people walk in and out, some clothed in bathing suits, others, wheeling in their luggage. It all looks so natural, natural enough to stimulate a feeling of woe and nostalgia. I clutch my chest and feel my heartbeat pulse at a rate that leaves me hyperventilating.
Mindy pats my back. “Hey Wes you’ll be fine. They all know of you already, and they know the consequence for mistreating you. Pretend they’re like you.”
I stare around and notice the quick glances my way.
Chris glances over me and startles me at the sight of his silver mask. “Follow close.”
Mindy stands behind me and we course through the crowd of people.
“Good day Oracle.”
I hear some one say to Chris.
“Graces to you and your prisoner.” I hear another one say.
As we continue I see a host of other gestures, nods, bows, and a couple of hands to chests… so are Oracles some kind of holy thing? And speaking holy, where are these Angels at?
Not a single person we pass by shakes his hand or gets near us, they just sway away and allow us to pass without us slowing down one bit.
I am under the impression that there’s something more to these Oracles and more to their way of life. Might make for a good conversation next time Emilio drops on by.
As much as my body feels a repulse, the me that’s conscious is by far intrigued. I just hope that I see this through, that after assisting them in the extinction of my own kind… that they at least give me the privilege to let me live and see the outcome.
As I walk some strange irk or perhaps scent sparked a vision to play in my head...
***

As I’m elevated off the floor I opened my eyes to catch sight of a Goddess…
An Angel, a beautiful female lookalike, something sacred, or were my eyes playing tricks on me?
“There’s no need to be afraid young one. What’s your name?”
Her pink lips stringed to a smile and her golden brown eyes glowed vibrant with the sun’s touch. Her hair, a honey blond delicacy, her fragrance, a captivating and intoxicating saccharine aroma, had me longing to taste her… embrace her.
Her eyes squint and they darted away from my eyes.
“What treacheries have you lay upon this young one to fear me?” She asked.
“The soldiers roughed him up a bit more than expected.”
That voice, that other delicate voice, it was that Oracle that spoke of some Cleansing.
“All apologies on their behalf princess…”
~
I gasp…
As sorrow slips throughout my whole. I stop and face Mindy. My jaw drops and a tear paths down my cheek.
Mindy arches an eyebrow, as her expressionless face becomes a grimace. “What’s wrong Wes?”
I shake my head and wipe the tear away. 
Goddamn these feelings, they’re making me look more and more like a fucking sissy. Why can’t I control these emotions, why can’t I control my body’s unfathomable mood swings that besiege every ounce of me?
How am I any different now then I am in my past life? What drastic climax made me into the man I am today?
I turn to Chris and nod. “Sorry, something just came to mind and it sucked.”
“You alright though?”
I snicker. “Yeah, yeah, let’s hurry on I’m seriously starving.”
Did my soul just expose Mindy’s actual self-undisguised? Is she a young Princess that’ll soon evolve into an Angel? But how are they any different than an Oracle? How are they any different than any other female lookalike in this vicinity? Royal blood? What makes her special, what makes her so special to me?
I’ve never ever speculated this much. I’ve never ever spoken so much shit to my consciousness.
I'm trying to figure this out and it's becoming so goddamn difficult.
I wipe the sweat from my brow.
It isn’t long after we ate that I’m back in my safe haven…
My room.
I told Mindy not to drop by tonight, just incase Emilio just happens to slip inside my room and catch us together in bed. Nope, that isn’t going to happen.
However… I have this strong urge to be with her again, and that feeling hits me all the time. I desire her, to embrace her, to kiss her… it’s some kind of fucked up addiction. She’s caught me in her web. And I have no intension of getting away from it.
I turn the lights off and jump in the bed. I'm eager to conclude whatever jacked up thing is happening to the me inside my dreams.
***
Ahead of me hundreds and hundreds of people…
Were a scene of screams, riots, and echoes of pain.
I was being dragged forward. I couldn’t move my feet, but I saw them slide over the black tile with ease.
“He’s awake.”
Someone said.
“About time,” I felt a rough hand grab my jaw and turn my head towards his own black visor reflecting my smeared image, “Guess you get to witness this before you’re thrown in that.” He snickered.
We stopped and I fell on my knees. He grabbed my hair and yanked my neck back, “You’ll love this.”
And like a puppet to its string, my head is turned towards a gargantuan glass sphere sticking from the floor. Inside, people, lots and lots of people. For the first time I felt my heartbeat pound against my chest, and felt the iron cuffs pierce into my wrist like knives.
“W-What’s happening?” I asked.
“Sanctification.”
As soon as he said that I felt a blow to the back of my head. And then with that much force he yanked my head back to view.
Blazing blue flames burst from the ground and in that second it turned off and everyone inside the sphere was but ash… it was like some fucking cremation with live subjects.
I was tossed to the floor.
The bastard clapped his hands, “Beautiful.”
“Bull shit.” I said.
He sent his foot against my stomach and left me out of breath.
“I wish I could just shoot you.” He said.
“Really? Ha, the feeling is mutual, I wish I could stab you in the fucking face.” I answered.
He giggled.
“O-Oracle.” He said.
I heard someone collapse.
“Pick him up, we take him to the Angel immediately.” That Oracle said.
Someone grabbed me and threw me over their shoulder.
“I must apologize Wesley, but you weren’t suppose to witness that.” The Oracle said.
I felt a rub on my lower back.
“We’ll get you fixed up in no time. And again, I apologize for that soldier’s absurd behavior.”

I opened my eyes and see the Oracle…
Staring at me with arms crossed and head lowered.
“Welcome back.”
All the hurt that I felt had vanished. I felt normal. In fact, I felt great.
I peered throughout the room and couldn’t see much with the bright blue light hung right over me. It blocked my vision in a way I couldn’t describe; I could only see the Oracle.
“T-Thanks.” I said.
He shook his head. “Don’t thank me. It’s the Angel you should thank, and she’s on her way.”
“W-What do you mean by Angel?”
“She’s the second princess of the Heir’s founder.”
“Wait what, heir?”
“To make it a bit easier to grasp… in your terms, to us, the Heir is our form of Government. The founder of the Heir you can classify as our President.”
I snickered. “Ok that’s understandable I guess.”
I heard a door open.
The Oracle took a step back and bowed.
“Madam.” He said.
She appeared over the light and smiled. The Oracle moved away and I heard his footsteps trail behind me.
“There’s no need to be afraid young one. What’s your name?”
I remained silent; speechless… the beauty that defines her is indescribable. 
Her eyes avert away and stare at the Oracle.
“What treacheries have you lay upon this young one to fear me?” She asked.
“The soldiers roughed him up a bit more than expected.” He answered. “Don’t worry, he’s been punished.”
She turned to me. “What’s your name?”
“W-Wesley Stamps.” I said.
She nods. “Well Wesley, my name is Cassandra, pleasure meeting you.”
Her hands touched my jaw and then she pressed her finger over my forehead.
“W-What do you want with me?”
She smiled. “Your soul. You see, you’re a special sort, a rare sort that has a complete soul, one not ripped apart into fragments. We want to study you, examine the properties that grant you such a privilege.” She explained.
My brow slumped. “How can you even tell who has a complete soul from a”—
“Half-breed souls are artifacts corrupted by centuries upon centuries of splitting. Comprehend?” The Oracle said.
“What he’s trying to say is: only us, my race have complete souls. You however are a half-breed with a complete soul and we don’t know why or how that could happen. And if there's one, than perhaps there are many more.” She said.
I gasped. “S-so I’m a research project? Like one of those alien abducted science experiments?” 
The Angel’s finger pressed against my lips. 
“Please relax”—
“N-NO, get me the OUT of here, leave me be”—
I struggled and struggled, but I couldn’t budge, my entire body felt strapped to this bed.
She slapped me.
And that slap knocked sense in me.
“Sorry.” I said.
“No need to apologize. You’re not a science experiment Wesley, we’re not cannibals, we don’t dissect a living being, especially one as rare as yourself, we only want to see what properties you possess that grant you such a privilege.”
Cassandra’s words eased my tension. I couldn’t put my finger as to if it was her absolute hotness that comforted me more than her intoxicating fragrance.

My eyes open…
If I was somehow captured… how did I end up in Jacksonville, Florida?
I press my hands against my head. How? How? It’s not making sense at all. And apparently I have a complete soul. What does that mean to me, what’s so special about that?
And why haven’t they said anything to me about it?
Can Mindy really be an Angel? Is her blood of royalty, a part of the Heir President?
So many questions… I hope Emilio shows up, and he better brace himself with my bombardment of questions. He better answer them too.
--
Chapter 
17
The Time of Departure

I woke up awfully early this morning...
I moved the blinds from the window and stared out at the dreary and foggy morning. The fog is so thick that I can't even see the ocean from room.
I step into the bathroom and stare at my reflection. I have no marks and no scabs, nothing but clean ivory skin. I half expected to see something after going through all that hell I went through just to get to where I am right now.
I take my shirt off and examine myself; again nothing, not nor a scab a scar... heck I was even missing my hair. I turn around and stare at myself from the back and the same exact thing, nothing that tells me that I've been on the run and have been battered and bruised throughout the journey.
I guess they did an excellent job at mending my wounds... well besides one.
I rub the back of my neck and feel the lump; I press down on it gently and still feel some kind of uncomforting pressure.
I flick the shower switch on, spread a white towel over the floor near the tub, and grab one of those cheap disposable razors near the sink. I take the small can of shaving cream, squeeze some in my hand, and spread it over my face.
If there is one thing that my me hates is a semi-beard and mustache, no thanks.
After shaving and not being able to see my reflection due to the steam, I hop into the tub and just let the hot water course down my body...

As soon as I exit the bathroom a knock startles me…
I throw the bathrobe over me, the doorknob twists, and Emilio appears in the doorway.
“Good morning Wesley.” He says. "Hope I'm not interrupting anything."
"No, no, I was just getting out of the shower." I reply with a smile.
Mindy enters the room, waltzes on over, and plants her rear on my bed.
Mindy claps her hands, “Emilio said I can come to his teaching this morning!”
I yawn and pass my fingers through my damp hair. “Glad to see you’re excited to be up this early too.”
She smacks me in the arm. “Come on, the dawn sun is almost up!”
Mindy rises, skips to the door, and waits outside with her hands planted on her hips.
Emilio winks at me. “Young and foolish.” Emilio, pressing his finger against his lips, whispers.
I slip on a sleeveless undershirt and wrap the bathrobe over my waist. 
“Mindy hasn’t heard about this part of our history so I told her she can accompany us.” Emilio says.
Emilio presents me with a black hoodie. “It’s a bit nippy out there this morning.”
I put it on and put the hood over my head. “Ha, I feel like a genuine Oracle.” I stick my tongue out at Mindy, who in return beams a smile back and then winks.
"Cute Wes." Mindy, rolling her eyes, says unenthused.
“All you need is the mask.” He says.
I walk over to the night table, grab my pants, and put them on, “Speaking of Oracles… what makes an Oracle an Oracle?” I ask as I zip up and fasten my pants.
“Just like your humankind had forms of studies and careers, so do we. An Oracle is a higher end official that is in direct communication with me.”
“So you’re the actual Heir?”
He shakes his head. “I’m only the Prime Minister of the Heir Council and in charge of the Oracles stationed throughout the globe. Unfortunately, I’m restricted to inform you about the Heir President. But, pretty much I communicate with the President and inform him of our restoration efforts and how they're doing.”
"Another question, promise this is my last, where is the President at?"
"Excellent question. At this particular moment our President is in the European continent overseeing the operations to rebuild our capitol, the Grand City of Atlas near the shores of the Atlantic."
I nod. “That's interesting," I adjust my pants, "Well, I guess we shouldn’t keep Mindy waiting.”
“After you.” He says.

Mindy isn’t anywhere in sight on our stroll through the vacant hallways of the resort.
“Emilio”—
He clears his throat. “I’m only going to speak of the Time of Departure Wesley, the many questions spiraling in your brain will have to wait. And who knows, maybe as I explain the subject, some of those questions you have might be answered.”
Not much I can say to that.
I pass the wide opened double doors leading towards the beach and make my way down the steps. In the distance I catch sight of Mindy sitting on the sand and staring out into the ocean. Emilio moves ahead and takes a seat next to her. I follow his lead and sit to his right.
“Shrouded day.” Mindy mutters.
“Unusually.” Answers Emilio.
The breeze is cooler than normal. And the sky overhead is blotted in sheets of storm clouds.
Emilio rises and takes a couple of steps forward and then turns towards us. Mindy slides closer to me and plants her head on my shoulder. 
Doesn't she know anything about discretionary protocols? Does she want Emilio to find out that me, a hated and unworthy human, is having sexual intercourse with her?
“The Time of Departure.” Emilio says and then turns away from us and sets his eyes towards the sky. “An Era in which the division between man and its mirror image are capsized by equilibrium. Recall the continent of Pangaea, well south of it, less than a hundred miles past the shores of Sur Atlantis, rested the island of Pandora. There, the Sur Atlantis ran their Nation and from there they chose to behead the beast once and for all. 
“To punish their brethren for the sins they’ve wrought and have continued to procreate the soulless half-breeds catering the Heir nations with plague, famine, and lust.”
Emilio turns to me. “The Prime Minister of the Sur Atlantis informed the Heir President that if they didn’t halt their actions with half-breeds they’d have no other choice then to erase and extinguish the Heir from the face of Eden. A year after the threat, war raged against the Heir nations and the Sur Atlantis.
“There were a couple of horrific incidents during this era. For one, the Cleansing and second, the Heir’s fall. After the Sur Atlantis erased the Heir Capital, they started scavenging for the remaining lives of the Heir nations. Those found were taken to camps where they we’re scanned and extinguished, if a half-breed, and cleansed if human. Seeing there was no way to eliminate the threat of contamination between the half-breeds and humans, the Sur Atlantis resulted in plan b, to depart from Eden and erase all life for good.” Emilio shakes his head. “And this begins the Great Flood and the Exodus.”
I stand. “W-Wait, so you’re telling me that the Sur Atlantis caused the flood? How much power can anyone harness in order to cope with such a catastrophe?”
“They set off two nuclear explosions. One in the dead center of Pangaea where the Heir once stood, and the other in the dead center of the Atlantis Ocean.” Emilio says.
What he just said is a slap in the face and a contradiction to their appearance in the first place. I thought they came here to stop my humanity from destroying the world, but before they ventured off the first time, they did that very feat.
“And how did anything survive after that?” I ask.
“Excellent question, there’s no historical archives that give any information of the aftermath of the Great Flood. And your race’s historical teachings are but fairytales to cater the younger generations.”
Mindy stares aimless and deadlocked at the tempered ocean waves. She doesn’t seem herself, not a trace of her over-zealousness is apparent any longer.
“So if the Sur Atlantis vanquished the Heir, then why are you called the Heir?”
“It took a while to evolve into what we’ve established as our humanity grew. But we are the remnants and descendants of the old civilization of the Sur Atlantis. Why the Heir President chose to reclaim the name is his notion and I’m not one to question it.” Emilio answers.
I stare back at Emilio. “There are so many things that don’t make sense to me”—
“And they’re not suppose to. You stand there as man born and raised on Earth, there’s no way you or anyone else could imagine extraterrestrial life—of course, we’re not exactly extraterrestrial since our origin began here, but life outside of Earth for the old human race was impossible with their slowly evolving technology, depleting resources, and short lifespan. It’s unimaginable managing and reforming a new breed in another world like Earth.”
The information he’s spitting at me is so unbelievable. Not even my damaged mind comprehends yet alone take it serious. I need a textbook or some kind of study material in order to read his words slower and to decipher them line-by-line.
So they're human, check, they lived on Earth a long time ago, check, and they destroyed the surface of the earth in order to erase my breed of man.
“One of the Oracles mentioned that you helped my race out throughout the course of our history... is that true?" I ask.
Emilio nods, "Yes. Throughout the course of our civilization's history we sent small crews to examine the remnants of Earth and see how it's evolving without any life living on the surface. The many we sent never came back, however, in the year 1968 a group returned. They informed us that populations upon populations have infested the surface of the earth and in the course it’s taking the ultimatum will surely annihilate all life, and not only life, but it would make it impossible for any specimen to live due to nuclear fallout."
I snicker disbelieved, "That's unbelievable... you think that those that never returned just remained on Earth as gods or perhaps, seeing as how you live a whole lot longer, try to reign over the people?"
"Those notions could in fact be an actuality. The way the human race continued its course without dying off, the way its technologies evolved so rapidly out of the blue, could in fact be because of us."
"What about races, religions, languages, how did those come to be?" I ask.
“Does it really matter Wes?” Mindy asks.
“Yeah, I want to know.”
Mindy sighs. “Why?”
I groan and roll my eyes. “Curiosity? You wouldn’t understand.”
Mindy's uninterested face became angry, “You probably can’t.”
“Relax. She’s right.” Emilio says. “But if you must know I’ll give you something to read on your course to Alaska. It’ll quench your curious mind.” Emilio pats my shoulder and nods his head. “I must return to my study.” 
And without another word he ventures towards the resort.
The haze of rain cloaks my body with a cool sensation as it sprinkles lightly over me. The wind picks up and the ocean waves roar like an orchestra of applause.
I glance at Mindy.
“Wes our history is full of not only glorious triumph, but is also plastered with loss… I-I,” she pauses and wraps her hands around her knees. “My heart yearns at what we’ve done here. Erased a civilization abloom that was in motion perfectly content… b-but of course it was a runaway train soon to derail. Why couldn't we have left it go for a bit longer?” She reaches out her hand and tugs on my arm. “Help me up.”
I lurch over, she puts her hand over my neck, and I pick her up on her feet.
Mindy passes her hands down my face and touches my lips with her sandy fingertips. “Thank you Wes.”
I grin. “For what?”
She looks away and lets her hand fall to her side. “Your kindness.”
Mindy turns away and makes her way towards the resort.
An abrupt burn took a hold of me. A sensational combustion of anguish and terror… yet the shock of it took me by surprise and brought tears to streak down my cheeks.
This feeling brings way to a flashback that begins to play in my mind...
--
Chapter 
18
Unveiled

How could they possibly see me and tell that…
I have a complete soul?  How? Is it the shade of my hair, the color of my eyes?
I’m just in a dream, I’ve got to be, none of this can happen in real life… I just hope I wake up before they begin experimenting on me.
Ahead of me was the Oracle, behind me, two soldiers carrying unique looking long-barreled assault rifles: or so I assume. They had that black mesh-type looking vest-suit on and their head covered by the V-shaped reflective glossy black visor.
I wasn’t aware of this location. It’s a gargantuan place with lots of dim corridors leading to labs or perhaps rooms? It almost has that same style of a hospital, the white tile and screened square lights on the planks of white overlay, even the smell... that haunting odor that made my stomach uneasy.
“Please stop.” The Oracle said.
I stopped.
The two soldiers took positions to my left and right.
The Oracle turned and faced me, he nodded, “You’re fortunate the Angels have taken fancy on your particular situation. I’d dispose of you in a moments notice if I had the power to do so.” He took a step towards me and presses his index finger on my forehead. “Don’t be too coy in their and our presence, we’re not going to hurt you.”
He just stopped to say some speech that went in one ear and left right out the other. I didn't give a rat's ass what he said; my main and only concern was my well-being.
I scoffed. “Yeah right, you really think I’m going to believe that? Look outside, look at all you’ve caused.”
He slapped me across the face. The blow hit me like a volt of electricity jolting down my spine. With my leg’s numbness, I fell to my knees. I rubbed my cheek and felt warm blood course down my lip.
“Thanks.” I said.
“You asked for it you little precious parasite.” He patted my shoulder and I shoved it away.
“Don’t touch me.” I said. 
Someone cleared his or her throat abruptly. “Oracle Keens show some respect.” A feminine voice said.
Footsteps came from behind. 
“Pardon me Princess, I meant no disrespect.” Keens replied as he bowed.
“You two soldiers are dismissed.” She said.
They both bowed and made their way out towards the opposite end of the hallway.
“What’s your name?” She asked.
I shook my head and then sighed.
I felt her hand massage the back of my neck. It soothed me, like hot water trickling down my spine. “Nobody else”—
“I don't need anymore reassurance, please just leave me be.” I said.
Her hand shied away.
Keens crossed his arms. “Wesley something.”
“I’d prefer hearing it from him.”
“Wesley Stamps.” I said.
She patted my shoulder. “Excellent.” She paused. “Keens, you’re dismissed.”
“I’m not moving a foot away from this thing. I’m not allowing a Princess to be in any danger from a parasite like”—
She clapped her hands. “Enough. If you don’t have anything else to say I’d prefer you shut your mouth. Respect him as you respect my father, the Heir Prime Minister, and myself. Comprehend?”
I glanced up at him and saw him nod. His eyes connected to mine.
“I apologize Wesley Stamps.”
His apology sounded sincere… something I’ve never experienced before in my life, a sincere apology… they don’t exist in real life, they’re but a misconception.
“Is everything alright here?” That gentle voice, it’s the other Angel, Cassandra.
Keens bowed. “Of course madam.”
“Wesley Stamps, please stand.” Cassandra said.
I stood and faced the two sisters. The one that I didn’t recognize was of a smaller stature than her sister; honey gold eyes, cherry-blond shoulder length hair, and pink lips strung to a breath-taking smile. She wore this long white spaghetti-strap blouse and long black slacks that stretched past her feet. 
“This is my little sister, Mindy.” Cassandra said.
Mindy outstretched her hand towards me. “Pleasure meeting you.”
They seem so human-like; too human… desire had me longing to embrace her, touch her lips…
I grasped her cotton soft hand and felt her grip tighten as we shook hands. Her smile widened as she sent a wink towards me. She’s so drop-dead gorgeous… beyond Angelic, something sacred.
I pulled my hand away and brought it to my side. “W-Why so kind?”
“Tomorrow we’ll explain a bit more, but until then you’re to eat and then rest. You’re going to be transported to Sky City to have an audience with my father.” Cassandra said.
“What already? Too soon dear Princess, I’d suggest”—
“An Oracle has no say Keens, stand down and know your role.” Mindy said.
“And you’re too young and naive to see the wrong from right, Cassandra help her see reason.” Keens begged. “Please.”
“Mindy escort Wesley to his room.” Cassandra said.
Keens took a step towards Cassandra and overshadowed her with his tall and robust stature. His silver mask reflected her flawless face as he looked down at her. “Cassandra a-are you mad? Do the diseases these parasite uphold plague your mind? She’s far too young, he can”—
“He’ll do no such thing.” Cassandra said.
“His heart isn’t shackled by hate.” Mindy said.
Keens sighed and shook his head. “You don’t understand, I know their kind, I’ve seen what they’re capable of”—
Cassandra clapped her hands. “Mindy do what I asked, Keens stay or I’ll have the soldiers pin you down to your spot and send you off to get judged as you’ve judged him.”
Mindy took my hand and dragged me towards the opposite way I was heading in the first place. Not long after passing the doorway we turned right to a closed door. She let go of my hand, reached into her pocket, and pulled out a silver card. She swiped it over the card reader and a red dot over the door beeped and the light went green.
She opened the door for me.
“You first.”
I smirked. “Gee thanks.”
I entered and stared across a big circular cafeteria that’s roof was made up of a gargantuan piece of glass. The sky was dark outside the glass. I could see the dark streaks of clouds move at a hastened pace. Those aren’t just regular clouds, they’re smog… no doubt from the burning and chaos circling around us.
Andrew, Ronald, they’re out in that chaos, while I’m here, nestled safe in the house of the enemy that’s caused all this.
She tugged on my arm and pulled me towards the wood tables that were aligned in rows.
“Take a seat and I’ll grab you a bite to eat.” She said.
“Where are we?”
She pursed her lips and planted her hands on her hips. “You really want to know?”
“I asked didn’t I?”
Mindy arched an eyebrow and then narrowed her eyes.
I grinned. “What?”
She grimaced, turned away, and made her way towards the Food Court area. I slumped and planted my rear on a chair.
Less than six minutes later, Mindy appeared with a tray full of food.
“Might as well get myself something too.” She said.
She set the tray down and uncovered the silver platter: two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and two small cartons of orange juice.
The peanut butter sandwich looked irresistible, my favorite treat… out of all the things, she makes this, the perfect entry that I’ve craved since this mess happened. Something so simple, so enriched 
“Thanks.” I said. 
Mindy took one of the cartons and opened it, she glanced at me and smirked. “For what?”
“Being so kind to me… wasn’t expecting such hospitality from your k-kind.” I said.
She took a sip and set it down. “There isn’t anything to thank me for just yet.”
I grab the sandwich and bite a chunk off and let the creamy peanut butter and jelly permeate in my mouth. The taste was so scrumptious that it reddened my cheeks and sent a chill down my spine.
“We’re somewhere in the Old state of Georgia.” She said. “So how old are you?”
“So much has been happening so fast… I almost forgot my age,” I paused and gulped down some orange juice, “Twenty-two. You?”
Mindy's smiled from ear to ear, “Ha, you wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
I rolled my eyes, “Come on, try me.” I said. 
“Seventy-two.”
My jaw-dropped. “No way…”
She giggled and nodded. “Crazy huh?”
I ran my fingers through my hair and shook my head disbelieved. “H-How’s that possible, you sure you’re not mistaking it for months?”
She pursed her lips, “I’d be six years old, so no.”
“Then how’s it possible that you’re that old? Is your monthly calendar smaller than ours?”
She shook her head. “No, we use the same twelve month calendar that designates a year’s span. We’re not engineered like your humankind; we’re built to last… I-I honestly couldn’t imagine how hideous I’d look if I were seventy-two years old in your race.”
Her complexion could fool anyone. She looked like a girl who just turned eighteen years old, fresh out of high school, and taking her first step to college. It’s unbelievable, unimaginable, and beyond my own understanding because I still find it as complete and utter nonsense.

“I beg of you Wes, listen to me Wes, please.”
Mindy plead.
“Slow down, relax, what’s up, w-what's happening?”
Mindy took my hand and dragged me faster through a large diamond shaped courtyard. 
The scent of burning flared my nostrils and the sky still remained tainted in the dark smog that I saw outside the cafeteria. The rustle of leaves hummed like the ocean’s roar, and it’s soothing noise comforted me from the chaos surrounding me.
“This might sound a bit crazy but uh,” she paused and glanced at me, as we remained our course through the pavement, “Get ready to run.”
“W-Wait what?”
“You have to escape Wes, I can’t allow them t-to…” she hesitated and groaned, “Ugh that doesn’t matter, come hurry you’ve got to get out of here.” She pointed ahead.
“There’s a car inside that parking deck, the key is already in the ignition. Take it and leave, go far Wes, far, far away, get away from us… this place, we’ve wronged enough.”
I glanced into her eyes, the complete coat of honey gold, reflected my baffled face like a mirror. A tear streaked down her cheek and then I saw her empathy and her own humanity… my heart throbbed, it ached more than anything I’ve ever felt before. Like a supernatural thrust skewered my soul.  
“There’s nothing for you here Wes, nothing.” She hurried over and embraced me.
“A-And I don’t think there isn’t anything for me out there either.” I replied.
She pushed away from me and walked towards the building we came from.
“Just go, get out of here… b-before they realize you’ve escaped.” She turned around, “This is a second chance Wes. Don’t take it for granted.” 
I heeded her warning… I turned and took off down the slope towards the fence. I leapt up and leveraged myself over the fence and broke into a sprint towards the parking deck that stretched about ten stories high.
My biggest concern? Where am I going to go? Where would Ron and Andrew go?
I shook my head and groaned as I made my way up the incline that lead to the first floor A1 of the parking deck. I was indecisive, I didn't know what to do or where to go... so the only other alternative was to do what I originally planned before getting captured: heading to Naples, Florida and finding my parents.
~
So I wonder what's next?
I plow my hands into my pockets and just stare aimless across the dreary horizon carpeted by gray storm clouds.
So Mindy's an Angel... that's a shocker... another shocker is that I knew her before I got captured this second time. No wonder I felt that moment of nostalgia after taking a first glance at her.
It never was the fear, I never did fear, it was undeniably understanding that I took my second chance for granted.
But then again here I am, still alive, and now noosed with an ultimatum that's to help the Heir extinguish my human race.
Or is it? Mindy tried to help me escape, an Angel, one of the daughter's of the President; can that mean she wishes to help me again?
Quite a lot to chew, and I'm not even sure if I can go on with it. 
What if Ron and Andrew are there? What if I see their faces and change my mind... would I?
Something else isn't right... my dream, the one where it shows that I got captured, why did it look so familiar to me? Two different instances that occur in the exact same manner with me running across the field behind the benches, yet two different courses occur afterwards. 
One I fall and everything goes black and the other it continues and has me captured.
I could imagine that after I black out I'm captured, but in the instance that I didn't blackout, and I in fact saw them capturing me... I can't put two and two together; my brain hasn't completely acquired all the information that I need.
All I can assume is that my subconscious made some jacked up nightmare pertaining to that capture. I mean how can I ultimately assume that the dreams that I'm having aren't nightmares, or recollections, perhaps dreams?
I smack my forehead and groan.
I'm confusing myself. I need to relax, take a breather, and just see how it all pans out.
I rub the back of my neck and make my way down beach until I hit the smooth, cool, and moist sands.
For the first time in quite some time I actually feel whole, I feel as though I'm myself again... not completely restored to the once Wesley Stamps, but just enough.
--
Chapter 19
Departure

I see Chris and his quirky-looking crooked smile in the distance coming down from the resort.
Sad to say but it really feels like ages since I last saw him. Even with our rough start I still grew fond of him, almost as much as I've grown to cherish Mindy.
I cross my arms and wait for him to make his way towards me.
He winks and then does a half-assed salute, "Wesley Stamps." He says unenthused.
I arch an eyebrow and stare at him perplexed, "Yes?"
"I don't know, it feels like some time since I said your name so I thought I'd add some sort of ominous vibe as I said it." He beamed a smile.
Cute. Really cute. He left my heart plummeting like a capsized ship and all he is doing is busting my chops.
I sigh relieved, "Gee thanks."
Chris crossed his arms, "So you doing ok?"
"I guess, why what's wrong?"
"Nothing really, I just saw you here standing by yourself, thought you were in some emotional turmoil or something." Chris says.
"You know, for an alien and an Oracle, you sure act awfully normal." I say.
"Wes, sometimes being straight laced isn't any benefit to anyone or anything. Got to find a balance friend."
That's something I never expected to hear from an Oracle.
A question springs to mind out of the blue, "Off the subject, but you know how you have a complete soul and what my race has is just a portion of a full soul... what benefits do you get from having you know... a complete soul?"
"The body is the temple, and the soul, is the light that guides us, speaks to us, and tells us when something is wrong or right. Without a soul, without a complete one, you're just wandering aimlessly waiting for death to strike," Chris hesitates, "It's hard sometimes to explain something that's so natural to me and to not sound too spiritual in a sense. My soul speaks to me, you can consider it as your third sense, the little voice inside your head... moral choice is easier when you have a soul. You know the right thing to do is always the just way. And it's the reason why we we're so confounded to find that your humankind managed to survive this long. Which brought us to believe that throughout the course of your mankind, people like you, that have complete souls, guided the way for the lesser masses of incomplete incompetence."
So that voice that I hear is my soul. The one that's been guiding me through this hell.
But what if... what if we all have that voice inside our heads, what if we just choose not to hear it?  Perhaps we, or I have secluded myself from it, thinking that I'm actually going insane, in need of a prescription pill in order to sever it... when in all actuality, it's the soul within that's trying to help me see a bigger picture, a different side to what that choice might actually bring forth.
But I've let it waft away in the nothingness and allowed it to dissipate.
I must rekindle it resurrect it... but how? I haven't heard the voice speak to me since I lost my memory... or has it been speaking to me and I've just failed to lend the ear and listen?
"I'm sorry to have to burden you with all this mumbo-jumbo Wes, I mean it isn't my job to lecture... I really dislike it... I'm a pretty bad teacher to be quite honest." He snickers, "Sorry, I'm dragging on and on aren't I?"
I chuckle, "No, no, it's ok. I enjoy learning. To be honest, it's interesting to me." I reply.
He smirks and takes a breath, "Well our history is quite complicated. We've changed tremendously since our beginning. Just like your race has had its periods in time, from the dark ages on to the age of enlightenment, we've done so too... it's all a process and we as civilizations grow from those experiences. The Exodus, the period after our departure from Earth, was full of power struggle... and eventually, through the refinements of time we became this, the Heir."
"A bit vague but I'll accept it."
"Well if I spilt our history we'd be standing here for quite some time, and I'm hungry, so I say we head back and grab some grub." Chris says.
I can't argue with that.
"Lead the way." I reply.

Mindy, has never looked so beautiful; her honey-gold eyes has this glow to them that had me hypnotized. Her pink lips string into a smile and eyes open-wide when she catches sight of me.
I smirk back and wink.
Chris taps on my shoulder, "Perhaps we should get you dressed for this occasion."
I face him, "What occasion?"
"Our last supper before our departure."
My heart sunk as those words clicked... I wasn't expecting it to be this soon.
"Ok."
I enter my room, Chris hangs by the door, "The suit is on the bed. I'll wait out here."
I nod.
He shuts the door.
I have this sudden urge to run... and my heart beats so fast that I can't seem to grasp this anxiety that's crippling my senses.
I rub my faces and try to focus. I have to focus; I can't lose control, not when I'm so close to depart.
There's no reason to fret, because if you've been kept alive this long, then there's a bigger part you must play. Life still has a destiny for you Wesley, and perhaps you should take it by the hand and see where it takes you.
I gasp and my mouth remains open.
My soul, or is it my subconscious?
Take it by the hand Wesley; you're alive while the world burns...
I am the stone amidst the wake of the storm... and I'm alive to see a new era rise.
You we're born a leader, destined for great things, but you strayed away from the path, but here's a second chance.
Life doesn't normally give second chances. Not in the life that I was living at least. I did stray away didn't I? 
I remained unfazed when I was younger, I kept my sanity firm, kept myself safe from the harm of corruption... and I always wondered why.
And now I know why, because my life has something much greater for me, and my soul kept me safe from the harm that I could have done to myself, my temple... I'm but a body keeping this piece of heaven safe.
I chuckle as this sense of relief washes over me that leave the hair in the back of neck rising up.
This is crazy stuff, seriously fu-crazy stuff.

I step out of my room and straighten my suit, I look sharp, really sharp... heck I might look decent enough to be the man sleeping with an Angel.
Chris pats my back, "Ha look at you all spiffy."
I nod, "Hey thanks for the suit."
"My pleasure man, hey this supper is for you, not for me, not for Mindy, but for you. Because you've chosen to give us a hand in these hard times approaching." Chris says.
"Hey I'll try not to let anyone down."
Chris shakes his head, "Nope, to try, means you've already failed, to do, is to succeed. Keep that mindset." Chris taps on my forehead, "Sometimes thinking realistically is harsh, we're meant to dream, so dream big, because it's those dreams that keep us alive... keeps our drive sustained. Hell if we had no dreams, we'd be your race."
I break a smile, "That does make a lot sense."
"Hey," he gets closer to me, "I'm not full shit." He whispers.
I chuckle, "Chris you're the man."
He outstretches his hand, "Give me a five."
I slap down on his hand and give him a firm handshake, "Let's get this supper on the road."
The fear I had about what I'd feel for Mindy and Chris, when I regain my memory is now present. Nothing has changed; the feelings I feel are still there, the affection I feel, the friendship that has grown from the rootless cavity of my heart, has remained present. And it feels great.
The area is full from corner to corner. They took the dining area and made it some ballroom-like party. The dining table is a lot bigger than I remember, and covered in a white tablecloth. On the top are platters and platters full of all sorts of food.
From the blur of faces I see Emilio standing in between two beautiful women, and the one of the right I recognize, it's Cassandra, Mindy's sister! My jaw drops.
"Close your mouth when you stare, that's Cassandra Pope, a Higher Angel."
I face Chris, "Mindy's her sister right?"
Chris's face looks mind-boggled, "How'd you know that?"
"Lucky guess, look at her, her features look almost identical to Mindy's, but she looks a tad bit more mature." I say.
"Yes they're sisters. Thought you didn't know that. But I'll keep this secret between us."
"Why?"
Chris faces the wall; "Because if they find out you know Mindy's an Angel they'll go the length of dismissing this entire trip and just executing you on the spot." He whispers.
"Well I think we should just play dumb then." I say as I chuckle.
"You mean you play dumb, I'll act normal." He nudges me in the arm.
Emilio claps his hands and the crowds quiet down, "Everyone, welcome to this festive night. We're here to bid a short farewell to three of our fellow brothers and a sister. Christopher, Wesley, and Mindy. They're soon to depart and this here is to rejoice for their sacrifice to enter the belly of the beast."
The crowd breaks into applause.
 Mindy appears from the crowd and stands next to me.
"You look handsome." She says.
"You know what you look really, really hot."
Mindy giggle, "Gee thanks."
"My pleasure."
Chris clears his throat, "Children, relax."
Emilio continues to speak. But his words aren't deciphered as my complete attention is currently on Mindy's jet-black spaghetti-strap sundress that stretched almost to her knees. God she sure knows how to dress... or perhaps cause she's so drop-dead gorgeous she makes anything look good on her.
"You ready Wes?" She asks.
Apparently she's completely impervious to my ogle, as I couldn't shy away from her C-cup breasts puckered up by her tight blouse.
I meet her eyes and smirk, "Uh for what?"
"We're leaving after this meal." Mindy replies.
"Oh, yeah, sure I guess. I hope so... I mean, I might get seasick, but I should be ok after I barf all this good food we're about to eat." I say.
Chris groans disgusted, "That picture just made my hunger disappear. Thanks." Chris says.
I wink, "It's my pleasure."
"Ugh Wes, that's just gross." Mindy adds.
"Sorry. The truth sometime sucks."
Out of the blue, Emilio stands before me and outstretches his hand, "Wesley Stamps."
"Sir." I shake his hand.
"Always a pleasure." Emilio says.
"So when can we start eating, I'm hungry." I say.
Emilio nods, "We can start now."
Cassandra Hope glances my way. I stare back into her eyes and nod. Her eyes narrow as her lips string into a smile. She winks at me and then turns away.
I guess she recognizes me. Glad she's happy to see me... which makes me wonder if she knew Mindy's intentions with me? Could she have been part of the ploy?
She makes her way towards me, her eyes glistening like shards of glass sprayed over black soul.
Cassandra outstretches her hand, "Wesley Stamps."
I smirk as I take her cotton soft hand and shake, "Have I met you before?"
I have to act dumb...
She giggles, "Well possibly," she lets go of my hand and faces Mindy, "I'm going to miss you sweetie."
Mindy grimaces, "It'll be ok."
Cassandra meets my stare, her brow slumps, "I hope so."
"So this is the famous human that's going on this journey."
The voice I recognize, and this hate and anger bubble up from out of nowhere. It's him, that so-called Oracle Keens from my dreams.
He appears from behind Cassandra, his face veiled by a gold mask.
If I could break my cover, I'd punch him in the face.
I cringe, "Have I met you before?"
"No, no, I've just heard a lot about you. Pleasure finally meeting you."
Wish I could say the same...
"The pleasure is all mine." I reply as believably as possible.
Emilio claps his hands, "Everyone come to the table, our meal awaits."
Why thank you Emilio, I didn't know how much longer I could stand there and stare at this fiend.
I take a seat next to Mindy, Cassandra takes a seat next to her, and Chris sits next to me.
A Waiter went around and pours red wine in everyone's wine glass. Emilio taps on the glass with a spoon.
I peer at that bastard Keens standing behind Emilio with arms crossed. I meet his eyes, he winks, and I squint my eyes and stare back.
"Everyone pick up your glass."
I did as he asks and so did the rest of the people cluttering the table.
"This glass is for the success of this new journey set before Wesley, Chris, and Mindy. May God be by your side throughout your course and protect you, guide you. Cheers."
We all take a sip...
This moment here, sitting with all these humans, makes me whole again... because though the race of man that I knew is being erased one-by-one as I sit here in a carefree environment, I at least know that the fate of Earth is in the hands of people that truly care.
I'm not sure what the old human race did that caused such an ultimatum, but perhaps they saw something that I didn't.
I'm seeing clear now.
Or are you?

I glared at the Hawaiian Islands shrinking into the distance from the back of the cruise ship.
An ending to one thing is the start to something new.
What can come of this? Hard to imagine really, a bunch of things can pan out of this little trip.
Thankfully, we've got a cook, I have Mindy, and Chris to keep me company... and you know what, that doesn't sound bad at all.


