Reincarnation:
Episode 1
Part 1 of 2
by Tom Fearnley


The very ending of this story:


Aesthetically beautiful people stand in a row, a line of sorts, on the city street of Andromeda 4, an artificial planet. They are all completely naked. No, they’re not cold as the heat is regulated almost perfectly as is the atmosphere, artificial as it is, for life. Intelligently designed if you will just not by a non-existent God. God having been disproved by now beyond even science which itself had and was now just about to be disproved, falsifiable science that is, was about to get flushed once and for all. It’s the end of the universe. The very end. The buildings are all made of a special type of glass some reaching space known originally as space scrapers. The starry night sky. The last we’ll see of the galaxies which currently exist. Nathaniel is an alpha male type at twenty nine years of age, tanned with long hair, and Hailee is a mixed race beauty at twenty two. They are both among the people next to each other in the line. 
“TEN.. NINE.. EIGHT.. SEVEN.. SIX.. FIVE.. FOUR.. THREE.. IT’S THE END -” Chants Everyone. Absolutely everyone.
But they are interrupted as everything vanishes into pitch blackness. Just darkness. Then suddenly everything and everyone reappears exactly as before…
“OF THE UNIVERSE” chants Everyone.
Everyone stands in silence as in what the fuck just happened…
“It’s the start of the universe!” shouts Hailee.
But there is only more silence directly afterwards…
“...We did it!” shouts Nathaniel.
Yet more silence than one would except. Nothing… But then everyone CHEERS it’s truly rapturous. Everything is perfection as far as anything can be perfection. The new universe is rapidly forming and expanding all around them in the sky. The human race has done it. Hailee grabs on Nathaniel and they start to kiss and fuck from where they stand. Everyone takes a partner and starts to kiss and fuck. The beginning of the new universe fuckfest. The eternal orgy in space. An atheist’s “heaven”… But it actually exists. In other words this is where we all end up and how this actually happens will be revealed. But man oh man are we having fun after we die… more than once… more than one death that is. It’s all terribly confusing at the moment I know. But as our story progresses… Well, you’ll see. The story that never ends. The story of humankind.


The End… 

The present day:

Hailee:

Hailee is a genius of rather epic proportions. She sits on the lawn located at the front of the university-college, legs crossed writing an obscure scientific equation in her paper notebook using a black Bic pen. Then it just popped in there. Popped right the fuck in there. How didn’t really matter and wasn’t currently understood by neuroscience anyway. At twenty two she already had her PhD in neuroscience and was studying physics, quantum physics specifically, that which few understood. She was going for her second PhD something few in one lifetime could achieve. Now, right just now, she had discovered that the mind was a platinum atom. That when we die we are reincarnated billions of years from now onto other planets as single cells. The mind being near-indestructible (even if said atom was destroyed the essence of your mind would still be recycled just much, much later) will go through the same processes as it did before being attracted to a star, when the star explodes it, the mind, the “soul” will reach another planet in another galaxy and hey-fucking-presto life will eventually start. Evolution will happen all over again because of us. This Must Not Happen thought Hailee. NASA needs to get there in time to resurrect us. Using her android phone she uploaded the results to Twitter for all to see. She needed to tell everyone asap. Starting with professor Garnicle, her newer physics tutor. Seth had barely said hello when, to his surprise, she gets up and pecks him on the cheek declaring that she has to go. He was married and had not been having an affair with Hailee though he was immensely attracted to her. This kiss was the first physical contact they had ever made, preferring to instead greet each other with a wave since handshaking was too common for such smart individuals. Corona-type viruses and all. Hailee started off and entered the university building not touching the door with her actual hand but placing her gray hooded tops cuff, cotton material, over her palm pushing against said door as it swings open for her. Past the hallway she got to the outside of professor Garnicle’s classroom. She could clearly hear his seventy year old voice through the door giving some sort of physics lecture. She was clearly not welcome to just barge in as she pleased as she was about to do this very second. She made her way through the entrance to the classroom and everyone, well almost everyone, in the class looked to her and to the balding professor complete with glasses. She is not welcome here but she persists: The mind is a platinum atom.
“PROVE IT” says Garnicle loudly.
“Do you want me to prove it to you I’ll prove it to you” says Hailee rather aggressively. 
She shoves the note pad in front of him but he is reluctant his eyesight isn’t what it used to be. She grabs the whiteboard pen from him and starts to write it up. Tittering from some of the class. Once she is complete the tittering is no longer and we just get amazed chatter. An audience capable of understanding her true genius: The mind will be recycled into a star. It will go through the same processes as before. Billions of years will pass and each one of us will have our own or share a planet which we will be the first single cells on. Feeling no pain psychological or physical but starting evolution all over again in which immense amounts of suffering will occur. This Must Not Happen writes Hailee on the whiteboard underneath the equations and for retards elementary explanations. NASA must get there on time and as Garnicle calls for Dr. Simons to come Hailee says she’s already posted an @NASA explanation on Twitter but Garnicle tells her not to be a retard they rarely if ever read those things.
“Great, I just discovered what happens after you die but to you I’m still a tard” says Hailee.
“Hailee I’m so enamoured with you at the moment I’d kiss you if I didn’t think you’d throw a lawsuit at me so quickly it would make my head spin” says Garnicle, wrinkles and all.
Outright laughter, not tittering, from the students which made Hailee blush a little but she wasn’t really the type to get easily embarrassed. Joel. She forgot all about Joel her boyfriend and if she had her way husband to be. She would just tell him to read the notes rather than explain it to him like she’d gone psychotic or something. She had to go but Garnicle wanted her to stay to talk to Rosey at NASA. She was sorry but she had to go and see about a boy. Garnicle simply didn’t understand how that could be more important than this but she started off up the stairs and there was nothing he could do but call out ‘Hailee!’ rather pathetically. But she was gone through the doors. She knocked on her own dorm room door.
“You’re not naked with a dildo up your ass or having anal sex with a hot, tanned blonde are you” said Hailee through the door to Joel who was studying.
Some of the students actually had to study hard rather than put a lazy but super productive thirty five hours a week in like Hailee did. No, Joel had to do ten hours a day seven days a week to keep up with his workload but keep up he did. He beckons for her to enter and so she does. She just shoves the notebook in front of him telling, not asking, him to read. He’s busy. Later. She says she’ll give him a blowjob, the best of his life, if he reads now. He agreed but she never stated when. Eventually, as he slowly works his way through every minute detail of her writing, rarely asking her to explain something either due to bad handwriting or to make her ideas crystal clear, he began to cry. He realized she had done it. She had beaten religion in terms of what happen after you die.

God existing was still a neutral topic in hard science, but in philosophy the case was practically/almost solved: How could an all-powerful (some do believe he is, others think he has limitations so we’ll tackle the second God next), higher intelligence that created the universe like God exist if something can almost certainly not come from nothing? God can turn himself into nothing and create something from nothing. God could allow you to take a six month vacation on the sun, he could create Santa Claus himself: God can do anything. This is why believing in God is worse than believing something could come from nothing, worse than believing in Santa Claus: If you’re told that someone could fly bodily, like Superman, that’s unbelievable. But if they then say this man who can fly can also shoot laser beams out of his eyes, breathe fire and fart lighting now that’s even more unbelievable, because you’ve added on things which are even more absurd to the original absurd thing. Something from nothing is absurd (and not what most atheists believe in like some theists say) but a God-that-can-do-anything is far, far more so because he can do many, many more ridiculous things on top of making something come from nothing.
 
Secondly how could the second God, a God of limitations, exist when firstly we didn’t know if energy began to exist or not - energy may be eternal cosmologists didn’t know - so you can’t say God created the universe/created everything if we don’t even know if energy began to exist or not. No real cosmologist said that energy began to exist at the Big Bang like uninformed theists argued. Next even if energy did begin to exist and came from something immaterial - something not made of energy or matter - we have no idea about the immaterial to say whether it is or is not intelligent. This means that science is agnostic about God, and this easily beats all arguments for God, all the best arguments that is. Even if we assume the premises in arguments for God like William Lane Craig’s Kalam argument, the argument from contingency, the fine tuning argument, Jesus’s resurrection, that there is science in the Quran - all those arguments fail because we know nothing of the immaterial to say whether it is or is not intelligent. You cannot therefore conclude that an immaterial intelligence - God - created things. You cannot say God created the universe or God did the fine tuning or that God gave Mohammed the science shown in the Quran etc etc. What is this immaterial? Don’t know. What is the immaterial made of? Don’t know. How can the immaterial thing be intelligent or non-intelligent? Don’t know. But we do know that things in a universe made of math are created non-intelligently all of the time so that leaves for the possibility that the immaterial, eternal thing that created everything (assuming energy was created) is non-intelligent.
 
So why agnostic-atheism? We don’t even know how you can have advanced knowledge like science and math without an artificial intelligent computer “brain” or an actual biological brain like the human brain. God is not made of matter or energy so has neither an A.I. or biological brain. Whilst an immaterial intelligence may be possible how probable is it if it goes against our current best scientific background knowledge? Not being made of matter and/or energy - all intelligent things we know of are made of matter - how can a God have intelligence at all?
 
Next, if God loves us and wants things from us (as the Muslim and Christian Gods do) he'd prove that he exists to all of us by actually showing up to all of us in person at the same time then proving, somehow, that he exists. This has not happened. This is exactly what you’d expect to see if agnostic-atheism were true. If God loves us he’d prove that he exists to prove and show us that he loves us. If God wanted things from us he’d prove that he exists to show us and tell us what to do on a daily basis. This Has Not Happened. Hence agnostic-atheism. As soon as you say God loves us and wants things from us now you're talking Santa Claus.
 
Next was prayer and being testable. Yes you can pray to win the lottery and you might win but that was just a coincidence in all probability: People pray to win the lottery all the time and don’t. But if you pray for something that is more difficult to put down to coincidence like having God prove that he exists to all of us as well as proving that your prayer worked why does that never happen? How many millions of Christians and Muslims have prayed for this to happen? It hasn’t. Prayer Doesn’t Work. Thus a God that answers prayers “yes”/in the affirmative very likely doesn’t exist. God, at least the Muslim and Christian ones, fails the test. Hence agnostic-atheism.
 
It gets even worse: There is bad and evil design in the universe. We humans, for instance, feel excess amounts of pain. Far too much physical pain. We eat and breathe down the same tube - thousands of people (usually very painfully) choke to death per year. That’s two examples of terrible design. Why would a loving, very powerful but not all-powerful God design us this way? He wouldn’t. Then comes evil design: The wasp that lays its eggs inside its prey only to have its offspring eat the victim alive, slowly, methodically and painfully. A Muslim or Christian God wouldn’t likely allow this. God has poor “explanatory scope”.
 
Lastly in terms of inference to best explanation is Occam’s razor and how scientists think that simple explanations are best: God almost certainly was not simple. The human brain is the most complex thing we know of in the universe and it’s not simple. God is many times more intelligent and even, if this was possible, if he was immaterial without a brain A.I. or biological he very, very likely was not simple. God fails as a best explanation because God has all the qualities of a very poor explanation.
 
Lastly God creates the murderer knowing he’ll do the murder, doesn’t stop the murder then sends the murderer to hell: doesn’t sound very all-loving. Altogether this makes a very good philosophical case for atheism even though science is agnostic. Many thanks to Luke over at the blog Common Sense Atheism* and Gregory Dawes (a non-Christian theist!) for his book Theism and Explanation.
 
*http://commonsenseatheism.com/?p=8854


But science hadn’t disproved God, as far as anything can be ‘disproved’ in science, but because of Hailee she had confirmed what all informed non-religious people where already confident about: Religion and its belief in a heaven and hell afterlife was false as shown by the best current science and Hailee was the one, the Neo-from-The-Matrix, the saviour of our times. She had beaten even Mr. Evolution by natural selection Charles Darwin to become the greatest scientist of all time. Hailee Esquire Rosenthal, an American who was part Jewish, part Japanese, at twenty two years of age, had done it. She would win the Nobel for science and all that there was no doubt. To think of it after we die, if NASA fails, would be an eternity of darkness. To come back forever as a single cell then die just after having reproduced not long ago then to come back as a single cell again and again and again. Nothing happening when you die, no afterlife, non-existence sounded better by far but either way there was to be no suffering. We don’t have a brain or central nervous system after we die so how could we feel pain? If NASA resurrects the reincarnated we would be so advanced, so goes the theory, that we would have rid the universe of all suffering and not just our own. Yes the Nobel and all fame and fortune would be hers if only it wasn’t for her boyfriend Joel who was just now truly coming to terms with what she had discovered. Joel was so proud of her already holding her up as the greatest thing since Nintendo was invented and thought it cool that she was part Japanese. The fact that she was practically a beauty queen, albeit a slightly geeky one, just turned him on even more. So would she go down on him as promised? Maybe later. For now, after he was informed that she had spread the theory around sufficiently so if she was to suddenly die they could understand it without her. They shared a kiss, their tongues rolling around in each others’ mouths. Joel’s mum. Joel had to tell his mum before the mainstream media got a hold of it. On Twitter things were going wild with tens of thousands of likes, atheists and scientists rejoicing at the new found reincarnation theory or Hailee’s Theory as some were calling it. She had her phone on silent but Hailee was receiving many more texts from her friends than usual already to ask her if it was all true. They didn’t understand the technicalities like most, they just got the gist, but were scared as well as enthralled. Drones. Hailee wanted to get drunk with Joel right now and at night, as in now at night, fly their expensive, massive and high quality drones whilst drinking Jack Daniels. They could have sex on the hill too and no one would know. Joel practically already had his thin summer coat on over his t-shirt. Fucker loved to fly a drone as much as anyone. Her life as she knew it was over and she knew it, the press wouldn’t stop hounding her at first and people would always ask about the theory and she would go on all the talk shows and become a celebrity. One that’s unable to leave her house without being mobbed. Hopefully it wouldn’t be that bad but knowing her luck it would. They flew the drones whose LED lights lit up like a white neon Christmas tree above as they sat on their backs drinking from the bottle. They were high as kites from the alcohol drug which they were rapidly consuming. Hailee starts to kiss Joel on the neck whilst somehow still half controlling her drone above. Joel’s eyes close for a few moments of pleasure, their drones collide and one, Hailee’s drone, goes wildly out of control veering down at a break neck speed and hitting Hailee on the forehead, just to the left side. Joel starts and is up wobbling to his feet giggling a little as he does. Her name which he says registers no response from her. Then that awful feeling hit him that something was wrong. Something was horribly wrong and he shook her and she didn’t move her forehead bleeding. Her brain was not in good shape either having ruptured. He calls out unwisely for an ambulance but no one else is around to hear. Hailee, the creator of reincarnation theory, was as of ten seconds ago, lying there dead.

A graveyard near the college university. The American Beauty song by Thomas Newman plays on Joel’s phone as this was Hailee’s favourite tune. Joel, Seth, Mr. Simons and Garnicle stand in black suits with white shirts in front of Hailee Rosenthal’s grave stone paying their respects at the funeral end, the casket already lowered. Seth is crying a little. Time passes rapidly. A single glowing atom of platinum, the “soul”, the human mind of Hailee’s, travels from her suddenly rotting brain to beneath the soil in the ground, she is still in the casket. Ten thousand years later… The platinum mind travels to a rock deep beneath the surface... It is dug up by a tractor beam laser. The mind is in a factory being made with other minds into a platinum wedding ring as they do not know how to resurrect them yet. Hailee’s atom glows throughout the following. The wedding ring is worn by Ellen#1on a thin chain placed around her neck by Ellen#2 at a wedding ceremony with friends. The glowing atom in the ring. The two Ellen’s, older now, walk hand in hand in the park together. A nuclear bomb with Islamic religious symbolism on it hits them. The atom sinking into the ground not in a straight route but a roundabout one. A massive series of spaceships with NASA on them escape the Earth. The mind goes to the center molten core of the Earth. It explodes the entire Earth and the platinum atom minds are dispersed in different directions but then are all attracted to the Sun. The Sun explodes and the minds go to different galaxies. Hailee’s glowing mind slowly, throughout time, changes into a single cell of life on a new planet Quilliam 5. A tractor beam digs it up from space.


Claire:

Claire breathes deep and releases a sigh. She had had some good, well behaved clients up until that point. She just wanted to end the day with some profitable anal sex but she couldn’t get her own way, not in this instance, and not today. But today still wasn’t the worst time she had ever had on the job. No, it was when a client got too rough to the extent he actually punched her - in the left breast. That really took the wind out of her. But that was a year ago when she first got started. Although she didn’t she thought she now knew how to spot them: If they were skin heads with Nazi-type tattoos stay away. Not like she had much choice. She once let said Nazi type take her up the arse with a glass bottle in her vagina. Of course the bottle broke and it was a bloody mess. It hurt a lot too and the Nazi type mistook it for her period and just laughed at her whilst he came inside calling her a bleeding whore as he did. She asked him to phone an ambulance for her and he impolitely declined leaving her there. She went out on to the street and went up to a random person asking for help with her vagina.
“My vagina is bleeding” said Claire.
But people just laughed at her or hurried away thinking it was a prank or else she was crazy. She then came up with the idea of saying she had been stabbed and finally an older lady helped her out. An ambulance was phoned and she turned out okay. Shards of glass had to be taken out of her that day. Day to day, generally speaking, she really didn’t mind the job. Have sex - oral or otherwise - and get paid. It was easy enough. She already had contracted herpes but had somehow avoided HIV because of mostly using condoms most of the time. But she did long for more, like most of us, than just sucking dick. She aspired to act in plays. She wasn’t bothered at all about films it was plays she liked, maybe the possibility of being in one was greater than being in front of the camera so that’s what she liked about it rather than film, which she didn’t really watch. But her job afforded her the luxury of going to the theatre especially if she got a rich client who could take her home and pay for her company for the day or night even. Her getting-fucked-up-the-arse philosophy was that whatever keeps her in hard recreational drugs must be a good thing. She wouldn’t fuck old men if it wasn’t for the heroin. In other words. Words a rapper could use in his or her lyrics. But part of her enjoyed the thrill of it of getting fucked by a stranger but then came the pain at first physical then mental and she’d rather it was someone handsome or someone she liked. Someone who did it for her pleasure and not theirs. She needed a boyfriend but most boys wouldn’t go out with an addict after finding out she was one not that she couldn’t get just about any guy at least for a one night stand. Someone to help pay for the motel room who wanted her and she wanted him. Even if she couldn’t she’d do him hard anyway. Up the vagina usually unless he was really hot and with her for at least two weeks. The two week minimum anal sex rule. That’s only if she was really into him that is. They always were into her and anal. At least she had never found a guy who wasn’t an anal fiend, who didn’t need that buttsex fix. It was like it was in mens’ DNA to want to do that or something. She didn’t like it ultimately because the anal hurt even though she had learned to put up with it. Maybe occasionally it was a turn on but usually not. Unless she got to peg the man afterwards or beforehand. She rarely got to peg men, to do it back to them unless, y’know, they were in to it. Her favourite way of doing it was getting licked out, good old fashioned cunnilingus. Getting fucked with a condom so she knew it was relatively safe was also up her alley. And if she was being honest she got a mental kick out of fingering a guy or sticking some type of silicone based object up a guy’s ass, those were the types of things that got her off. And she was all about sex. She did occasionally get bored after the fifth or six time of doing it the same day with different guys and on other occasions with almost always older women. Women in their forties or above. She had never done a granny but plenty of grandpas. That brought her thoughts back to the old punter, client, who just fucked her and left. Maybe she should round that corner and go after the old fucker, teach him a lesson and take his watch. That would be her street justice. She couldn’t phone the police because even though he stole from her, didn’t pay for services, whatever, she couldn’t phone the cops because the oldest of trades was illegal in the States. Talk about being liberal. Claire didn’t see anything morally wrong with it, apart from herpes and risk of contracting HIV, she just got scared that one day she would end up in a room, tied and and tortured type thing. Eyes out and then, if she was lucky stabbed or beheaded or else the bastard would leave her alive to suffer in darkness for weeks. At least she’d be reincarnated but she didn’t know that yet, she hadn’t read or seen the news the past few days.


Juno and Imogen:

The Military Intelligence Five, MI5, building in London, England, which Miss Juno Templeton, twenty six years of age, a streak of blue in her curly blonde hair, walks in to is modern to the maximum, a fitting reception area. When she was younger, around thirteen, Juno wanted to work for the GCHQ. They were code breakers. The sister company to MI5, who tracked terrorists and pedophiles over the internet. She would literally study harder than anyone else and she went to Beamont High, a very private, competitive school. All A-grades of course, second in her class. She was bullied a little but nothing much, this was a private school so most of the children were well behaved most of the time. She had several boyfriends but didn’t lose her virginity till sixteen. She used to be very religious, Catholic, until she read the website Common Sense Atheism and the book Why I Became An Atheist by John W. Loftus. She wasn’t the preachy type though and kept it to herself, very secretive by nature which of course would come in handy for her job at MI5. And it was to be this secret service that she’d work for not the GCHQ. She wanted action after she was bullied; to fight evil where ever it may be and whatever form it took. She wanted to get physical. At eighteen she took up mixed martial arts not for sport but for self-defence. She had done some wing chun and Japanese jiu jitsu growing up so at least knew how to bite, poke an eye and kick a groin and bite a groin even. But mixed martial arts was something different entirely. She was going up against six foot four men over twice her weight. At first she would get kicked in the head or swept off her feet in an instance by a wrestling takedown then choked or have a flurry of punches to her face. Of course the men held back fifty percent of their power yet still won. It was the other women that really went for it. On only her third session Juno had a bloodied nose. The things they didn’t teach you in the older, traditional martial arts made you look like you knew nothing. She had been training the wing chun since she was ten. It meant almost nothing in the ring or mixed martial arts cage. Although she did remember those illegal techniques. Combine those with what she was learning at eighteen and she had a complete hand-to-hand self-defence system. By the time she was twenty one she was sprawling on top of her opponents, even the massive men, by shooting her legs back when they tried to take her down and putting her weight on their backs. Even intermediate men couldn’t get her down only the advanced. And roughly half the time she would pull off a submission hold. She knew in a real fight that being on her back was bad because she could get bitten or eye gouged or stabbed more easily. Her main goal was to get back up asap. She was addicted to the martial art/sport and was thinking of going pro training three or four times per week. But saner heads prevailed: She wanted MI5 more. If she was good enough for MI6 fine she could do that instead but she wasn’t really into traveling. She had a few boyfriends at Uni but nothing serious. She didn’t go through a sexual experiment stage with women but she had nothing against that. One of the boyfriends wanted to film them having sex. She almost choked him out for the mere suggestion. That would surely ruin her career if anything would. She wouldn’t be so secretive then. One of her boyfriends took a not-agreed-to selfie with her in it but she didn’t want anything on social media just to be on the safe side. He wouldn’t delete it. She smashed his phone and threw it out of the window into a winter puddle. His name was Craig, Craigy boy, and she thought she was in love with him up until this particular point. She dumped him the next day knowing she could probably do better. They had had a huge blow out argument about his phone she telling him to grow up, get a life and he almost hit her and she grabbed him and bit part of his ear off, the tiniest morsel, so that ended that relationship. He was stunned and she, mouth ever so slightly bloodied from the bite not from taking a hit, pointed to the door. She got ready for a single leg takedown, her preferred wrestling move, but he just started to cry. He was in pain both psychologically and physically and completely shocked. She balled a fist this time and threatened him and so he left the flat, the flat her parents had let her stay in so she wouldn’t get raped in her dorm room at Uni. Craig didn’t have the guts to hit her, even though he was a football (as in soccer) player at secondary school and would have a decent chance of beating her to a pulp, maybe a fifty, fifty. But only cowards hit women true but as he was now missing part of his ear which only National Health Service surgery could help you would think he was part justified in fighting back. After her hard fought for degree in physics she passed the MI5 entrance exam with flying colours especially as many of the questions were physics based anyway. The MI5 entrance, to the actual building, was very modern looking but everything was blast-proof Plexiglas based. Juno would think it all cool if she wasn’t nervous to the maximum for her first day on the job. The previous interview to get her to this point was a little too easy. She thought it was because they were trying to get more women into the job so went easy on her. But it wasn’t. The interviewer had an undetected disliking of her. He thought she was a blonde airhead, he was a blatant sexist, but she was just that smart that he had no choice but to accept her in to the fold. So at this current moment, at this very moment, she goes up to the receptionist, a gruff male, Scottish(!), in his early forties and asks for entrance clearance.
“Er Miss Templeton, Juno” says Juno.
“Templeton Juno” says the Receptionist.
“No, Juno Templeton” says Juno.
“Why’d you say your first name last and your last name first?” says the Receptionist.
“Er dunno, just did” says Juno.
With a sigh, a scan of her face, a scan of her smallish computer bag, a scan of her ID and an annoyed look, perhaps even a resentful look, he passes her for clearance. She was on her way to the first floor, a place, a section of the MI5 building for newbie recruits such as herself. She made her way through the multiple security doors to the lift, got in next to Eric, a note taker who she would be soon acquainted with, and it starts to ascend. There is no visible security cameras anywhere but there are hidden ones everywhere, taking in details of the faces and feeding it to the computer system. The silver coloured doors soon opened and out stepped Juno into the high tech office environment. Each worker seemed to have three flat screens each to work with off of high level computers, Xeon processors to be sure, and a few looked up from said work to see Juno. One person was Imogen, as stunning a blonde woman as Juno was but in a different kind of way. Juno sort of caught a glimpse of her too but then she was too nervous to concentrate and heads straight for the sign which is marked managers office, following it like a fly to the bright light. When she opened that door she was shouted at by Martin to come back later. He was English, balding in his late forties, particularly slim as he was a gym rat/freak. Eric asked to pass by Juno so she let him and as he did, and this kind of happened in slow motion, he was eyeing her, it was unmistakable and unmistakably gross as he was particularly ugly and geeky was Eric. Anyway Juno tried her best to strike the thought of them having sex from her mind, why she was even trying to think that she didn’t know, it really was just one of those ones that popped in there. She needed to concentrate and she had ten minutes before her first shift/meeting so she wasn’t sure what to do but wait before being called in or even to knock on the door a minute before. She was dubious at best so decided to just wait there taking another look around the office. Her eyes naturally turn gaze back on to Imogen who perks up, stops working, looks around in a bit of a daze then sees Juno looking at her. Juno immediately looks away. She thought of what she would say in the meeting, how she would act. Smart as usual she hoped, sounding like she knew what the fuck she was talking about even though she was a noob of epic proportions she didn’t want to come off as one. The door opened and she wondered why Eric was just staring at her then she realized what it was for. She wondered if he would move and when she took a baby step forward he parted holding the door for her. She entered to a smallish room of Martin and him only. She thought there would be a whole load of people. She sat and was introduced to the two of them. This was a special branch of the counter terrorism unit so very few people were allowed to find out about this operation. It involved a Mohammed Aktar who Juno was basically to track. Straight forward stuff, this wasn’t literally rocket science like she was used to in her physics classes. Then they both just stared at her. Great now she had two pervs on to her, just great, but in fact they were excepting her to confirm she understood everything then to leave and get on with it.
“Why are you just…” says Juno.
“Why are we just staring at you Miss Templeton?” says Martin.
“Er yes” says Juno.
Then he went on about all this bullshit about how they expect her to take initiative and except to second guess what to except next. Really it was just so they could make her feel awkward and to perv on her on her first day. She confirmed she understood the mission and was told to get on with it. She left the room and was given a fright as Imogen stood there.
“What did those two pervs want?” said Imogen.
“Nothing” said Juno.
She introduced herself to Juno and just before Juno could say anything back Imogen headed off. She was just about to say something she really was but had that opportunity taken away from her by the nature of abruptness. She left the building via a blue ford, electrical, which she had to park and change for a second car near by and then she’d be off to the Kenstone Mosque to observe Mohammed Aktar in secret. She was listening to the news about the sudden and untimely death of the discoverer of reincarnation, Hailee Rosenthal. 


Nathaniel and Lauren:

Nathaniel is on one Los Angeles road, quiet as can be, zooming along on his hog complete with black helmet, leather clad. A jacket so tough it was chew up any car it came into a head-on collision with. Meanwhile Lauren, a redhead, at nineteen was zooming along on a red Japanese sports bike her hair flowing in the wind sans helmet. They got on their cells hands free whilst driving. He could barely hear her as they went along. He eventually got it out of her: No she wasn’t wearing a helmet.
“Helmets are for pussies” said Lauren.
“If you end up brains splattered and all I’ll have one less employee” says Nathaniel.
“So that’s how you think of me: A slave” says Lauren.
They were brother and sister and generally got along well enough. But there was a degree of sibling rivalry between the two of them. A truck approaching the cross road from the North. This could be it for Lauren who was literally speeding past red lights as she thought the chances of her getting hit were almost zero. It was the almost and lack of fear of death that drove her. Sometimes she wished she was dead but usually saner heads prevailed and she loved this shit called life. She reveled in its stink. She loved to fuck her girlfriend Jane, slightly older at twenty, who hated it when she called her her ‘pet’. Lauren also called Jane her sugar momma because of the less than a year age gap. Jane wasn’t particularly keen on that either but she took the blows nonetheless. But they weren’t meeting till later. That truck headed in the opposite direction hit its breaks as soon as it saw Lauren speeding along in front of it. She had to swerve and slow to a near halt herself. She continued on as he was in shock. He called out some unintelligible swear word from her perspective ( it was ‘crazy cunt’) but she knew it was something insulting so she just looked back in her mirror to see his reaction as she flipped him off. Then she gained speed and continued to converse with her big brother Nathaniel who wondered what the fuck was up. She didn’t let on that she was almost killed just less than twenty seconds ago, she and her family got the whole freedom of speech thing they just kept quiet about stuff most of the time. They just tended to irritate each other when they spoke about their ‘feelings’. They had the thick skin of the strong silent types of the world and found it embarrassing to speak about how they felt. However Lauren was breaking that trend to a large degree but she was still a Mosaia family member, as was Nathaniel, at heart. Lauren and Nathaniel both wanted to get some alone time and concentrate on speeding along so disconnected their calls from each other. One of them, one would have thought, was going to get fucking killed doing this biker shit one day. Lauren speeds along faster than Nathaniel: If they were to have a race she would win. He was certainly the most experienced but his bike couldn’t quite compete with the pure speed of a race bike. Lauren screams out in pleasure as she hits a high speed. For her it was orgasmic.

Nathaniel and Lauren end up at dinner with Ruthie, their sixty five year old mother, Harry and John. Harry was the brother of Nathaniel and John, or Jonathan, was the his boyfriend of almost a year. John and Harry where seriously considering getting married but didn’t want to jump the gun. Maybe another year together before they tied the knot just to be on the safe side. They were having lamb which, until today, the now officially ex-vegan Harry was gouging himself on.
“I thought you were like vegan?” says Lauren to Harry.
“Do I look like a vegan?” says Harry.
This he says whilst chomping on Ruthie’s tender lamb with a more delicious than ever outer skin layer on it. Lauren basically just laughed in Harry’s face from where she was over the other side of the table opposite him; he did not appreciate this at all, not one bit.
“You don’t have to be such a cunt about it” says Harry to Lauren.
Lauren flicked said lamb gravy at his face and Ruthie just erupted telling them both to behave or to never come back! Everyone was shocked and still in silence even Nathaniel who wasn’t the easily rattled type. Nathaniel could bench many kilograms in weight, he did it purely for strength, he used to wrestle but now mostly stuck to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. He was a purple belt a rank which most men and women would never achieve no matter how hard they tried. He had black belt potential written all over him but no tattoos like most of the students despite being the biker type. He was a biker through and through but never saw the point in them thinking it took away from his attractiveness to some and on the other hand was bad for business. The business of being in the funeral home industry had been lucrative for Nathaniel and his closest family. He ran a chain of seemingly indie places but really it was a corporation in disguise. He felt the TV shows Six Feet Under had given a bad rep to chains/corporations so instead decided that he would hide the aesthetics of the business whilst still getting the word out that he runs the best funeral homes in Los Angeles and one day he could genuinely say, he hoped, in America. His ambitions were that high and at least Ruthie had faith that it would happen: His first billion. How he would go from millionaire to that was unknown but he thought he’d figure it all out someday. Ruthie asks the table was everything all right because no one had complimented her at all so she thought something was wrong with the lamb or the creamy mash she had made. But all four of them reassured her it was of the highest standard. It wasn’t Michelin starred or anything like that but for a home cooked meal it wasn’t bad, a four out of five. Lauren wasn’t so keen on the greens, they had olive oil on them instead of being drowned in salted butter which she liked best. She needed to pee so excused herself but was asked by Ruthie were she was going.
“To pee is that okay” said Lauren rhetorically.
It was but she didn’t have to say according to Ruthie. Ruthie wondered why her daughter had to be so explicit about nearly everything. She would say she was going for a shit if she was going for a shit. Things that Ruthie didn’t want to hear or need to know. She didn’t really get the whole if you can think it and or do it you should be able to say it out loud. Freedom of speech, freedom of language. Lauren was getting worse as well. At least according to Ruthie. She was a proper lady type and Lauren just wanted to rebel against that as much as possible because for her it was a stereotype of women and men both being oppressed by religious values. Keep quiet about certain things for it is sinful. And what was sinful anyway? Well if it said it in the bible and Quran then that’s a sin; Why? Because God inspired / helped write the bible and Quran via humans. Lauren didn’t fall for that bullshit like her brother Nathaniel did. Not that he took too much notice especially not of the literal interpretation of said religious texts. Ruthie however was a hardcore moderate and believed it all. A bone of contention between her and Lauren if ever there was one. When Lauren peed into the toilet as she was doing right now she stayed on there for an extra five minutes to think to herself. She thought about Jane and how she wanted to fuck Jane with her tongue. She thought about kissing her beforehand and then she thought about what breakfast cereal she wanted her mom to buy for her the next day. Something low in sugar this time. She wanted to lose weight even though she didn’t need to at all, not even off of her butt, but you could always be skinnier she thought. Fuck maybe she was becoming anorexic but then again probably not. When Lauren got back down to dinner they were clearing the plates including hers even though she hadn’t yet finished. She needed to express this to Ruthie who wasn’t prepared to make her another plate and just felt that it was annoying that she couldn’t keep her mouth shut and accept that the dinner had in fact been cleared. Lauren wanted to lose weight so maybe it was for the best. Nathaniel was on his own, Lauren finds him outside smoking a joint of marijuana, highest quality shit, costs more than most make in almost a week. She wanted some but he told her to get her own.
“I’ll suck your dick” says Lauren.
“Jesus! Can you not say things like that” says Nathaniel.
“I was joking obviously” says Lauren.
“I know but I’m your brother” says Nathaniel.
He passes her the joint which she takes a long and hard drag from taking the drug’s fumes into her lungs, the chemicals rushing to her brain. Clearly this wasn’t just weed which she was more than used to smoking but an assortment of other drugs combined into one, she thought, but actually it turned out that it was just some really good shit. Nathaniel swore on it. She didn’t believe him thinking he was just full of it but she decided to enjoy the moment and just shut the fuck up a second. Then she spoke of reincarnation. He hadn’t heard, he didn’t know.    


Harry and John:

They were in the display casket room were Harry and John, kissing, tongues rolling, completely drunk. They bumped suggestively against the open, extra-large casket and John practically manhandles his lover into the casket, getting on top of him. Harry makes John aware that Nathaniel, the owner of said casket, would go majorly psycho on them if he found them inside. But there were two of them and only one Nathaniel… And the police. But fuck that and fuck them they were going to do it anyway as passion took over from reason. Harry messes with John’s jeans button but can’t get it undone. John takes down Harry’s jeans almost instantly, his belt already undone. Harry’s penis is only semi-hard and John starts to handle it making it bigger than it is though one would hardly describe him as massive. John has to undo his own jeans in the end, his mammoth black cock embarrassing Harry’s. Harry tells him to wait and he takes out a small bottle of lube fingering the lotion into his arsehole. John almost too forcefully inserts his member into Harry who gasps in pain. John starts to fuck his arse gaining momentum thrusting harder and harder feeling the pleasure, the electric, run through his cock. John grabs Harry’s penis which is deflating but Harry brushes him off wanting to do him next instead of cumming from a handy.
“There’s no way you’re going to get to fuck my ass, faggot” says John.
“Oh yeah call me a fag again” says Harry.
So he does and multiple times. Then, of course, Nathaniel walks in on them in the act. He is aghast and at first they are so into it, the door being opened so well oiled it doesn’t make a creak, that they don’t see him. 
“I’m just wondering how this works” says Nathaniel.
John suddenly pulls out of Harry and they both start to do up their own jeans. It was a twenty thousand dollar casket he reminded them. They could always reuse it right? It was no problem right? Nope. The law was the casket now had to be destroyed for good. It would be as dead as the person who was supposed to be in it. Then to make things more uncomfortable, especially for Harry, Lauren walks in hand-in-hand with her girl Jane. Nathaniel screams at everyone to get out. They should just get the fuck out if they had any decency at all but really, compared to many, they didn’t. That’s just how they were, their nature and Nathaniel couldn’t really blame them or at least shouldn’t. But this time he was going to and with all the powers he had under said conditions. Harry was going to pay for everything. Harry refused. He was going to pay or take a beating. He would prefer the beating. Plus John said violence wasn’t going to happen or could be met with counter-violence so then all Nathaniel had was his last hand: The law. Yes, to be used even against his own brother. Harry started to spit with rage going on about how it was just some fun and why does he have to ruin everything and why so anti-gay. Nathaniel insisted he wasn’t anti-gay in anyway shape or form whilst getting Harry to calm down and lower his fucking voice. Lauren asked if she and Jane could use the casket as it was already going to be thrown away anyway. They could not. John thought he should go with Harry insisting that he stayed, at least to finish it off, then Nathaniel says he doesn’t want it to get out and the local police could leak it. So why doesn’t he reuse the fucking casket and not tell anyway about its brief sexual occupants. Nathaniel peered into the casket and saw that it was basically unharmed. He let the whole thing go much to the surprise of everyone in the room. Fuck it, he’ll sell the God damn thing then. On close inspection there was now new anal-lube that hadn’t previously been in the casket but there were no actual shit stains, nothing too clearly visible. It basically looked like new at least to the untrained eye. But Nathaniel couldn’t stop staring at a very slightly crumpled patch that apparently only he was aware of. He growls in frustration, this, after everyone had fucked off. John was driving Harry, who couldn’t drive to save his life, back to their place only a couple of miles away. John asked him, as politely as one could, to suck his dick whilst driving.
“When its been up my ass?” says Harry.
Also the car could suddenly jolt to a halt, break suddenly, Harry’s jaw ceasing up and clamping down his teeth on John’s penis castrating it almost instantly.
“Handjob… and lick the tip” says John.
Harry reluctantly agrees to do this. He unzips John’s pants and slowly but surely starts to make it big with his hand, and it is fuck-off big, he bends down at the waist and gives the tip a licking. John jokes that he really will crash if they are not careful so they should pull over. So they pull over to a quieter street and Harry goes to town with the tip of his tongue on the tip-nerve of John’s cock stroking it up and down with his hand as he does. Moments of this then John cums in his face. He had specifically told him not to do that but he did it anyway. A warning would have been nice. Harry just wiped it off with a few tissues which he always had on standby for such occasions. John wasn’t sorry but just laughed at him. Harry reminded him that he was next.  
   

40+ Thousand Years Later:

Hailee suddenly wakes. She doesn’t remember anything of her past life and has been resurrected at her prime age of looks and intelligence at twenty two. NASA has performed this operation with the up most in precision carried out by Lauren, now at forty years of age, still no gray hairs on her red head. Both are the same genetically as their past lives and both are in the operating room, with concrete walls, darkened are the walls to an extent. Hailee wants to know where she is. Allen stands behind an operating panel.
“You fucked it up again Allen!” shouts Lauren.
“Oh go suck a fuck” says Allen.
They exchange verbal blows like this until Hailee interrupts by fake coughing. She has been programmed with language abilities, math, science and everything else she needs including combat. Arguably the most important thing of all was combat or mixed martial arts combined with traditional martial arts training. Lauren and Allen continue to argue.
“Where the fuck am I?!” shouts Hailee.  
They stop arguing abruptly. They both look to Hailee who immediately regrets speaking out. Lauren has to calmly explain to her that she has been brought back before the end of the universe, long before that time, because of rogue artificial intelligence or A.I. There is A.I. and then there are cyborgs, part human and part machine. And didn’t you know it was the delusional, religious cyborgs who had taken over an opposing planet called Attica and thrown what was supposed to be a futuristic utopia into a war ravaged hell hole. At the moment they were on mars planet earth having lost its resources decades ago. Now everyone's main worry was the eternal torture machine Lauren explained. One person was in the torture machine and that was professor Garnicle, as old as ever. It was controlled by Adam Spencer the rogue cyborg who caused everybody trouble even his own people over on planet Attica. Adam’s nickname was, quite appropriately, Satan. Even though no one believed in that shit anymore he was the closest thing to it. Cyborgs couldn’t feel pain unless they were in the torture machine. So Garnicle, before he was put in and the last poor bastard released, was pain free until the eternal torture machine was forced on him. The machine keeps you alive causing you the utmost amount of physical and mental suffering until thirty years passed, you die, are then resurrected via your mind and then you have to go through another thirty years. Garnicle had been in there for four years straight which was really no fun. Planet mars or NASA military had been trying to rescue him ever since. They hadn’t yet found the minds of the right combinations of people to successfully bring him back. They would be killed, captured and then put in a waiting line for the torture machine would the NASA military personnel. With certain sting operations NASA managed to get most of the “dead” minds back and resurrect them, all but the closely guarded Garnicle. People didn’t just die anymore for good but there memories would be wiped and they’d have to start all over again with basic training. Because of Hailee’s high intelligence and high physical speed she was supposed to be “the one”, the Neo from The Matrix type person. They’d had her type before and it was always a she because of the greater intelligence combined with greater speed in combat than men. Maybe this wasn’t true for present day 2020’s but for the future, when combined with all the robotic material, women were just better than men, at least that’s what they found so far. Maybe there would be the one to change all this but that man had not come along. Not yet and possibly never would. And maybe Hailee would fail at all of this, the predictions of Lauren’s, which to be science needed to be falsifiable anyway, might turn out to be false. Then, for now, they would be doomed. The side of Satan would win. Planet Attica would prevail, more torture machines would be made and all hell would break loose worse than it already had considering Garnicle was trapped inside said infernal machine. Being in the torture machine wasn’t as bad as being in hell because at least you weren’t firstly feeling quite as much pain and secondly one day it really would stop, all this torture, they just didn’t know that yet.


Amanda and Grace:

Amanda liked to masturbate. It wasn’t that she couldn’t get a boyfriend whenever she wanted or anything like that. No at nineteen she was particularly attractive with curly hair and wide beautiful anime eyes. It was just that guys never really hit the spot. At least it felt significantly worse than masturbation even when they went down on her their tongues not quite ever doing their intended job. She’d tried four different men and it was always the same result. You would think with the tongue nothing could go wrong but oh no it did and when she got fucked well that was just a disaster even that one time without a condom. He was her first college boyfriend and ended up cumming on her belly which she found disgusting and had a go at him for doing it. She never did anal sex because once she stuffed a finger up there and it hurt so she thought what was the point. In conclusion, for now, she was done with men except Rabbit. Rabbit was her vibrator who she nicknamed after that Sex And The City episode. Sometime she used her fingers but often she used Rabbit. She was a college girl, not university, as smart as she was she wasn’t quite that endowed with a rocket scientists IQ or anything like that. Her best friend, other than Rabbit, was Grace also with curly hair and the same age. Grace phoned and wanted her to go to a party which meant she wanted to get drunk, do some degree of hard drugs like coke, then get fucked by some random guy as long as said random guy was sufficiently hot enough. Grace was never drunk enough to do an ugly guy even if the man said they’d pay. Amanda had only ever smoked ten cigarettes, done weed once and never did hard drugs unless you consider alcohol to be as bad which some did. She did get drunk on occasion but rarely and she hated parties that weren’t dinner parties. Food. Even though she managed to stay slim as you get, what she really liked was food and, of course, masturbation. Amanda, her last name Attica, was partially Greek even though her first name wasn’t. Her very distant family came from the Greek island of Attica. Attica was also the name of a prison in New York and mentioned by a character played by Al Pacino in the film Dog Day Afternoon. Back in school they used to chant ‘Attica! Attica!’ at Amanda just to piss her off. She went to a shithole of a school because her parents couldn’t afford a private education unlike with Grace who was a private school girl. Beamont High. They met at a party at sixteen that Amanda didn’t want to be at. How Amanda walked away with all A’s and one A star in English literature for her high school GCSE results was beyond even her own comprehension. She had a brother named Tom who was a twat, a complete cunt of a person for numerous reasons. He was very right wing especially when compared to lefty Amanda and the rest of her family. Very mean he was, in Amanda’s opinion, a bit far-right as in a little bit of a Nazi fuck. He had yet to admit this but Amanda was dubious and they didn’t really get along at the moment with all the prospects of things getting worse. Grace didn’t like him either. Tom resented Grace for repeatedly calling him ugly as they had an argument after she was hanging out with Amanda which was very often. Tom would accuse them of being lesbians and asked Grace out and after she declined it was all down hill from there on. Grace insisted that she come to the party with her giving her the usual line of it will be fun and she should get out more. Maybe she would meet someone who had money and could take her to restaurants or something like that. She was swayed. She wouldn’t be going till later that night so decided to get some studying done. She was taking the easier subjects like English Literature - Tom irritatingly called her a ‘lit bitch’ - and Grace was only taking three A-levels at college, A-levels being a term used by escort agencies to denote an escort who does painful anal sex for money, Tom, being a complete pig, also jested that his sister and Grace liked do do anal sex because they were taking their A-levels. This really did piss Amanda off to no end and she was currently seeking revenge on her brother uncertain of how she would go about it. She used a yellow pencil with a rubber (eraser) on the end to write with before putting smaller notes into pen. She made notes of the notes and notes of the notes of the notes. Tom, even though he was twenty, said he would get hold of her English Lit notes and burn them if she ever fucked with him mentally again which she thought she no doubt would do. She scanned the notes in to her laptop just in case he ever went psychotic enough to do this. She oft said and thought he should be on some type of psychiatric medication and this scared Tom so made him lash out at her even worse. She found her studies quite stressful but nothing too harsh not like when she was doing science which at this level, like with most, would be beyond her. Grace was like a less smarter double but she too was a hottie. They were best friends forever type thing. Nothing could break them up as friends they used to say to each other. Grace owed Amanda twenty pounds which she’d probably tell her she didn’t have to pay back. It had been a month. Juno hoped she didn’t want it for drugs. At least not hard drugs like coke. The occasional weed joint might be acceptable but even then she didn’t want her besty to become a pothead either but knowing Grace she might: she already drank more than her fair share but wasn’t quiet what Amanda would consider a drunkard. But she was getting there really she was. They were at a party with a glass table sitting on a couch together and Grace did a line of white in front of her. The other line was intended for Amanda and the guy practically making them do it seemed weird, tough and tall: a complete psychotic psycho. She just went down on the line and blew outwards - coke flying everywhere in a cloud. He scolded her verbally and she apologized. He was going to make her another line of coke when he had to go pee telling her not go anywhere. She got Grace by the arm who was getting high as a kite and dragged her away from the room as quickly as she could Grace heaped over partially knocking her head on the door. They got out the front moments later passing a youngish female party goer with a pink streak in her hair black leather jacket.
“I like your jacket… And your hair” Grace said drunkenly to the female in her posh accent..
“Fuck off blondie” said the female with the pink streak.
“Charmed I’m sure” replied Grace.
The girl with a pink streak balled a fist, gritted her teeth but they’d reached the door and the two-on-one scenario probably got ‘pink’ to back down. They were out into the night walking up the front of the flat’s blackened steps and they got away from it all apparently without being harmed, out walking on a central, South West London, street. The luminescent street lamps lighting up their pathway almost like it was day that is if it wasn’t for the overhead darkness, the pollution so intense that you could see perhaps one or two stars and only if you really focused. Grace wanted Amanda to do ‘I’m a deer’ with her, drunk as she was, where they would say ‘I’m-a-deer-I’m-a-deer’ whilst pretending to be the animal of a deer. Amanda really, really didn’t want to but Grace insisted as she usually does so her best friend caved and they darted along a few times, came to an abrupt halt, and on the second ‘I’m a deer’, just before she could say deer, Grace threw up. Amanda didn’t have enough time to hold back all the curly blonde hair so some sick got in it and a little on Amanda’s hand. She was very grossed out and resisted the urge to smell the sick up-close because she herself would likely vomit everywhere. But that’s putting her in a bad light she wasn’t always this way - drunk and high - you could actually get a halfway decent conversation out of her about just about anything. When they talked for an hour over their mobiles Amanda and Grace talked about everything although Amanda was banned from talking about food for more than twenty minutes at a time or at least with a twenty minute break in between. That was Grace’s rule of course but Amanda accepted it and even got a little bored of just talking about what she wanted to eat rather than just eating, doing the act, itself. She didn’t have much money being nineteen and only a few months into college but she could occasionally get to go to restaurants which frankly at the moment she didn’t know much about. She mostly got her parents Spencer and Claudia to buy her quality produce which she would cook herself. Grace lived off eating absolutely shit which she had to buy herself. The standard stuff you’d think you’d have to have at university like Baxter’s noodles mixed with tuna, from a can, and a side salad, the type that you get in a plastic, environmentally unfriendly bag. Then at least a few times a week she have a couple - or more - beers with her food. Grace seemed to like her alcohol as much as Amanda liked her food but Amanda usually had a small amount of wine when she went to restaurants and Grace wasn’t fussy about what she ate. Amanda had never been to a Michelin starred restaurant and that was her current dream: to go to one. She didn’t really even think to look at reviews of restaurants until, well, today when Grace offhandedly suggested it. Why? She was sick and tired of going to the same local and cheap Italian and out to Byron for those gourmet burgers. Why don’t they both save up and go to one. Michelin was actually a tyre company, as in tyres for cars, but they had been giving out awards for what they, the French, thought were the best restaurants for a century or so. It just never occurred to Amanda to look at the guide or look at reviews maybe being a little too obsessed with what she could afford and that was home cooking. This was the best idea she’d ever heard.
“In fact you should become a fucking cook” says Grace.
“YES!” shouts Amanda.
“Jesus Christ volume” replies Grace.
Both ideas from her now considered genius friend were grand ideas to the extent that she did know how to thank her friend Grace for being so knowing of who she was. But how would they get the money they asked one another? Tom had been listening and intervened in their conversation: They could prostitute themselves out, do a bit of anal sex for him and his friends. They both told him to fuck off and that they’d chop his knob off for even suggesting it. As soon as Tom was verbally forced to leave Amanda’s room they talked of the possibility, Grace did, but Amanda hoped she was joking even though she wasn’t. Then Grace came to her senses. They could just ask their parents.
“I’ll suck your dad’s dick for the money” says Grace jokingly.
“Fuck off cunt” replied Amanda using the insult as a term of endearment.
No, they had to get real part time jobs on top of their studies which they immediately were dreading as they didn’t want to work at McDonald’s but then at least it would give Amanda some cooking experience - but no wait! What about working at Byron? Even as a waitress Amanda would kill to get a job there especially if they trained her as a cook but then again you have to start somewhere and it was an industry specific job.
“I’d suck dick to get a job at Byron” says Amanda.
“You actually would wouldn’t you you filthy whore” says Grace.
“Yes” Amanda said jokingly laughing as she did but obviously joking. 
For Amanda food was almost as good as masturbation, pleasure before even more pleasure, the starter to the main course. But then nothing beat dessert. Amanda did have a sweet tooth though her teeth were white as pearls apart from a fang which was just ever so slightly becoming a little yellowed though it was difficult to tell upon first gaze. Too much sweet stuff. But then she kept that to a minimum as well because she didn’t want to get fat and just knew her super-high metabolism wouldn’t last her entire life: one hundred and five years when she chokes, cliche of all cliches, on a chicken bone at a Michelin star restaurant. Badly designed humans eating and breathing down the same tube. Yet more evidence against an intelligent creator. But what would happen to her after she dies? She was just now reading Hailee’s trending tweet about reincarnation.


Claire:

Claire had found another copy-cat client who wanted to do an overnight stay at the hotel which meant she was at least not going to be homeless for the night. Not that she usually was but sometimes she had to sleep rough. That was just her life at the moment. As usual the client had paid for anal but she let him know it wasn’t going to be all night. You got half an hour in the hole and that’s it. The rest was pussy sex. He wasn’t charmed that didn’t even come into it. She waited in the hotel lobby. The Clerk was getting semi suspicious and asked if she was okay. She smiled at him but didn’t say a word. She thought she knew what he was thinking, he’d got her number: She was a whore was what was on his mind. But she didn’t care too much as long as he didn’t call the feds on her. She hated to wait because she just wanted to get the fucking thing over with and wondered whether or not the damned client would even show up at all. Fucking loser. Why couldn’t he just get a girlfriend? And this one wasn’t good looking either being chubby with a moustache which he erroneously thought made him look better. It didn’t it really didn’t. At least he wore a suit albeit a cheap one. The plastic plant. The gray carpet with a cigarette scar despite the no smoking sign. Maybe he was a delusional psycho and would put out cigarettes on her body all night; oh yeah that would be fun. What a fucking life this is she thought to herself. The elevator in this place was just big enough to fit in two people maybe three at a squeeze. It was the old type you didn’t want to use for fear of it stopping mid way, getting stuck then dying because no one came. Eventually the Client did show. He hadn’t bothered to brush his teeth so even from where she stood as he neared her she could smell the Jack Daniels. Maybe some hot sauce from, what was that, chicken wings or something like that. Fat bastard. Fat ugly bastard. He kissed her on the mouth. He did want to tongue kiss her badly but she did not want to. This was very understandable but he was going to try and force it on her no doubt later. But this had yet to be seen and she started with some hope. Off to their anal adventure as they got into the elevator as soon as the door closed he was on her kissing her neck, mouth and face but mostly her face. She just let him and gave into him. She said he was brushing his teeth as soon as they got in.. He agreed. He starts to beg for a no condom experience up there but she wasn’t going to allow it, no way, no fucking way. That was totally against her rules. Two grand, cash. She agreed right then and there. Right then and there she outright agreed to it. As they were entering the room he grabbed at her ass under her short skirt. They got in and she started to take off her clothes but she reminded him to at least use mouthwash first copious amounts is actually a word she used. He commented with a word like that she must have gone to Harvard or somewhere like that. Copious. He didn’t suffice to say and just bent her over when she was fully naked and went to town his penis thrusting inside her asshole she felt the pain-pleasure. He came less than twenty seconds later. He felt that high the blood rushing to his head, the edorphine release, that pleasure high, the effects of the buttsex were clear. He then started to complain, he started to moan that he hadn’t got to fuck her from the front and see her face as he ass fucked her. She said another time but he wanted to wait. She wanted to say no but he had almost half an hours worth left of renting her arsehole out. Cum dripped down from her hole onto her leg. She got a tissue from the complimentary supply in a smallish box the hotel staff had left, she wiped it off. He turned over to his front and wanted a back massage. Then she remembered she had forgotten to ask for the money first. This had probably never happened and probably wouldn’t have happened had he not been all over her from near the start. So she asked and he said later. She insisted and he moaned and groaned and gave her a wad of notes: She was nervous at first that it wasn’t enough but then realized they were all hundreds. Two grand better off. Possibly with HIV now, but still, two grand. That was a lot for her. Then she started to do his back but seconds in she said he should brush his teeth, y’know, for his sake. But then he fell in to a deep, what was going to be a restful sleep and she just lied next to him listening to his perpetual snoring. This was a good day. And she thought it was going to get even better with all that heroin she was going to slam into her arm when he had fucked off and left. Yes, she was a junkie to boot, cliche of all cliches the junkie whore but she could take it at her young age. Her body was strong enough as was her mind. At least for now. Then she started to go through her phone, just barely had enough internet left to see the news: A student at a prestigious university had come up with the theory of reincarnation: We now ‘know’ what happens when you die at least scientifically. 


Juno and Imogen:

Juno stood opposite the Kenstone Mosque on the other side of the street simply observing a closed door at the moment. Mohammed Aktar was nowhere to be seen. Juno had been waiting an hour, standing there, and her feet where beginning to hurt just slightly. She hoped he would come out of the mosque soon because in another couple of hours she would have to sit down on the concrete and that was dirty London ground she’d rather avoid. She thought, for some weird reason, about her ex Craig. Why he popped the fuck in there she had no idea and didn’t want to know because she was trying to fucking concentrate. Mohammed still hadn’t come out. But she had a car nearby and she could be careful and follow him on foot. She was extremely nervous about being caught but was going to go through with it, she thought, anyway. Now that was true bravery: Being scared but doing it anyway. Bitch had balls thought Juno to herself about herself. She thought maybe she had the wrong mosque for a moment but intelligence couldn’t have fucked up that badly they were pros so then she began to wonder if she had been spotted. She was standing across the other side of the road being very inconspicuous but they, the terrorists, had people on their side too doing intelligence. Nowadays they were more sophisticated than ever. But then, just at that very moment, Mohammed Aktar comes crawling out of the mosque like the cockroach he is, standing upright like a human ape evolved with the virus meme of a particularly pernicious incarnation of Islam, that is Islamic extremism. Juno wasn’t sure that was him because, y’know, they all look the same. But they really did with their beards and white robes. Deception was the key for our Islamic extremist Mohammed A. But that’s really why they, MI5, chose Juno: For all her education at Cambridge it was her ability to recognize faces that got her chosen for the job. She was what was called a super recognizer - she remembered every face she saw. Although often they hired ex-military for the role she was too good a chance to pass up. She was a female firstly and they needed more to even out the inequality of having too many men plus some statistics once showed that females are less likely to be taken by suspects as undercover types. So it was just now that Juno had her eye on Mohammed A and she could have sworn that he made eye contact with her then she looked away and to the right as if she knew she was waiting for someone approaching in that direction. Then she looked back again. He was still staring at her. She tried the tactic of looking away again in the hope that he would lose sight of her and this time for a prolonged amount of time. She looks down at her feet then suddenly back up. He was now crossing the busy road in her direction seemingly in an attempt to walk straight up to her. This was not good. This was bad. Very bad. Panic set in inside Juno’s stomach and wormed its horrible way up to her throat but she kept the vocal response in like a trained pro. Mohammed was now standing directly in front of her…
“Can I help you?” says Juno.
“Juno Templeton, MI5” says Mohammed A.
“I’m not sure what -” says Juno, interrupted.
“Don’t play innocent with me. You’re better than that” says Mohammed A.
“We know you’re planning to blow up the kiddies school” says Juno.
Mohammed A liked that she had come out of cover. He knew it was her but the confirmation was extra satisfying to him nonetheless. He denied he was going to blow up any school but he wouldn’t tell even if he was. He was. The Islamists hated all kufir, a derogatory word for non-Muslims, even the children and they knew how to hurt the adults best. She pushed him for info but he was well guarded and pretended like he knew nothing. He wouldn’t reveal how he knew her real name, how the hell he infiltrated MI5: But Juno was confident he was a bastard and was going for those children. That’s what the evidence suggested and there was little to deny it. Juno just took off in anger walking away. Now she had been spotted so badly there was absolutely zero point of her following him as he would just lead her astray. As she went she could hear Mohammed A laughing and it was intended to be a mocking laugh, partially forced but it was enough to anger her and upset her all at once. But she didn’t shed a tear she was too thick skinned for that. But oh lord above that doesn’t exist was she in for it now. Her boss already didn’t like her for some reason unknown to her at the present moment. When she was eventually back in the office she got practically gang raped by said boss Martin and Eric the latter geeky man of which had no authority to start with to boss her around. She had failed and had failed miserably but she had to counter that it wasn’t her fault. How the fuck did Mohammed A know her name in the first fucking place. She felt as if she had been set up or something.
“I should fire you” says Martin.
“Please the job means everything to me. I went to Cambridge for this ” says Juno.
“Oxford I’m afraid. I’ve always wanted to fire one of you Cambridge chicks” says Martin.
And he seriously did dislike her partly because of this. But delving right the fuck into Martin’s mind, his thoughts of the moment and it was because he wanted to bend her right over that desk and fuck her senseless. So she was a distraction. And it just took Juno that one look from him for her to kind of get that though she couldn’t be sure. She knew it probably had something to do with that however. Eric was no better and wanted the same from her but had no power so she wasn’t concerned about him. Geeky, ugly piece of shit had to get in on it. He had to make snide comments like ‘well done’ said very sarcastically. She already hated them both. Well hate was a strong word so maybe it wasn’t that badder resentfulness but to think they were trying to get her fired already. They were the enemy in some ways. Not as bad as Mohammed A but Juno having an ego on her the size of Godzilla thought that they, MI5, needed someone like her. She hoped that terrorists who adhered to a literal form of Islam would have their minds changed by the new reincarnation theory, almost ‘proven’ science as it was. But they Did Not Yet Believe.



Nathaniel and Lauren:

After the catastrophe with his brother and sister after last night’s dinner Nathaniel was in no mood. No mood for work, no mood for fucking - no mood for anything. But today he was going to buy out an old indie funeral home then make it up to look like an old indie funeral home as if nothing had changed. Martha and Pete were his ‘victims’ as he, to himself and only to himself, called them. Neither Martha nor Pete really wanted this but they were just interested about the offer or at least to gain some experience about how this all works. In other words they were out to waste Nathaniel’s fucking time. Martha was even more stubborn than her husband and decided no offer on their home was good enough. She had made her fucking mind up already so what was the point.
“Who are you to buy us out?” says Pete.
Nathaniel explained that it was a good offer that they wouldn’t find elsewhere and at half a million for such a small place, in an only decent location, he wasn’t lying. Only that he could, y’know, add an extra hundred grand on to the total - this he failed to mention. Martha nudged Pete to do something about the ‘too low’ offer whilst Pete was admiring the dark oak desk of Nathaniel’s. He had a computer which was too fast not even for playing computer games he just wanted the best. That excel spreadsheet opens two seconds faster for only two thousand dollars more than a normal work computer. But Nathaniel was like a shark and just brutally bore into the two of them suggesting the potential for a lower offer if they didn’t sign the deal within four months. This had the reverse effect that was intended and Pete flew into a bit of a rage wanting more money. Martha was a little shocked and was going to ask him to quiet down or they may lose the deal altogether, but then she decided to fly into rage mode too. Nathaniel countered this undeserved anger with a slightly higher price, twenty grand more. They weren’t selling he could fuck off. He could fuck right of as far as they were concerned.
“Five hundred and fifty thousand” says Nathaniel.
“Deal!” says Pete rather loudly.
A tactic Nathaniel was used to. He pretended as though he didn’t see it coming in order to placate his opponents. But they had caved that’s all that mattered. The money was theirs and the property his. He would near triple what they were making on it. It wasn’t fair but that’s just how it was in the funeral home business. He was the bigger shark.

Later on Nathaniel’s girlfriend Charlie, very much a woman, came knocking on his office door. Lauren, who still lived at home, had let her in. With Lauren out of sight Nathaniel and Charlie started to chat which inevitably landed up where it always did - with them kissing next to each other. Next Nathaniel’s favourite with her on the desk facing him, business suit skirt pulled up high with them fucking. Later they did doggy her ass showing skirt still pulled up. Afterwards she sat on his lap and they just talked and talked. She was in love with him you see and he didn’t really feel the same though he loved to fuck her. She was pretty and easy to talk to. But if he was being honest he would want to cut the talking out of the relationship altogether, what he preferred was a whiskey, no ice. He had a selection sometimes taken with cola. Still talking to her wasn’t the end of the world, she had a pleasant voice at least and sometimes he’d make her laugh and what a sexy laugh she had. It was mostly, not all, about superficial things for him when it came to women. He could stand a talker but he preferred his drink after sex that’s all he was asking. But then his thoughts drifted away from the now rather boring conversation over to Mandy. She was his side even though Charlie was apparently the wife to be. He was in his funeral car driving along as she blew him her lips going nearly all the way down his quite huge cock, deep throating him. She was blonde. After he managed (just barely) not to cum they did it doggy, her rather tight, pallid white backside showing business skirt pulled up. He always asked the business ladies to keep on their suits they wore for the day. That was his thing, his cliche turn on. No school girl uniforms to be found. He only felt he needed two at a time he didn’t see prostitutes for fear of disease particularly herpes and will only drop Mandy when she is older unless she leaves him first. She was getting frustrated after the blow and doggy fuck in the car in the alleyway because she wanted him to marry her. Cliche of cliches. He wouldn’t and he couldn’t do that to Charlie.
“Charlie, Charlie, Charlie - fuck Charlie. Charlie’s a man’s name anyway. Do you really want people to ask ‘who’s the wife?’ and you have to say ‘Charlie’ every fucking time? Is that what you want?” says Mandy.
“Yes” replies Nathaniel.
This just pissed her off even more still. She actually growled - the growl was human in origin but from what you could tell there was some lioness buried deep with in the gut noise she just made. This actually partially amused him but partially scared him at the same time. Who was she? She was a great fuck and did have a nice way about her usually but sometimes that temper of hers. He didn’t know what to think. She did. She thought he was selfish and arrogant and didn’t know how lucky he was and she just wanted his baby. She was probably even that much better looking than Charlie, but for Nathaniel there wasn’t that special connection with Mandy like there was with his main gal Charlie. On top of all this, thought Mandy, she had to suck him and fuck him and there was that one time in the graveyard where they did really painful anal - she was only twenty one and had never done that before - up against that tree. There were branches and leaves covering people from seeing them partially. His cock up her arse her business suit skirt pulled all there way up. For him heaven for her not so much. She thought that mildly pleasant but overall tortuous sexual gift made him hers for life. But it didn’t, not according to Nathaniel. So what was that? Just some fun he thought, but for her it was more than that, much more. It was a deal signer was the anal. She gives him that and he gives her everything, well at least half. She knew she was pretty and had that going for her at the very least, that was her wager her looks. Nevertheless Nathaniel didn’t want to give either Charlie or Mandy up he loved and liked, in that respective order, them both too much. But Mandy wasn’t having it it was her or Charlie and this just pissed Nathaniel right the fuck off because he couldn’t have his own way. And usually, but not always, he got his own fucking way that was his special ability. His mind wondered and he wondered what the next life after reincarnation would be like. What if NASA didn’t make it and we all came back as single cells? Or even what if we came back later as a superior alien life force, octopus-like human being level of intelligent creatures? Would Nathaniel meet up with the octopus alien Charlie and Stacey after reincarnation? This he didn’t know but with extreme near certainty science now said something like this was inevitable. Lauren rode past the funeral car at such a hide speed she didn’t notice him and Nathaniel didn’t notice her.


Harry and John:

Harry was at John’s half decent and fairly spacious apartment. John was an ambulance driver - St. John Harry jokingly called him - which he hated immensely but Harry would persist. After fucking they decided to get a Chinese takeaway of mostly fried-batter type food which they ate all of. John, being somewhat of a fitness freak, a gym rat, comments that Harry is putting on some weight.
“Am not” says Harry.
“You’re turning into a pot belly pig” says John.
It was true he was putting a bit on but really the comments were to get Harry back for the whole St. John’s thing which, again, John hated, probably due to the religious connotations. Just because they were non-religious atheists it didn’t mean they hated all things religious however. They would ‘go to churches’ as in not to services but they were fond of the beautiful architecture found within said buildings old or modern. With Jesus symbolism of Jesus being brutally tortured on the cross. They liked to listen to choir singing on rare occasion. They were both brought up as Catholics by their respective parents. They both did resent their upbringing in this way and as nice and as generous as their parents were they didn’t appreciate religion being shoved down their throats like they did a stiff cock (well from time to time.) Still they were just about over the abuse, unintended as it was, that believing in a hell that almost certainly doesn’t exists brings, especially to a child. What a horrible thing to teach - that there is a hell you could go to possibly when this isn’t even the case. Almost for certain. As bad as Santa Claus type thing. If you don’t have a brain or a central nervous system how could you feel pain after you die? Even as a reincarnated single cell you couldn’t. Still they rarely talked about it anymore except occasionally. It just didn’t come up. Religion. Even if there was a hell maybe Muslims and Christian go there and atheists to heaven. There was no guide to tell us who went where as the Quran and Bible are works of fiction. Like Harry used to joke: Jesus was resurrected, Mohammed flew on a winged horse and Harry Potter went to Hogwarts. At first John thought he was being original but Harry stole it off of Twitter. They usually watched older films as a pose to new ones. Lauren hated older films according to Harry because the colours or lack of looked too old, outdated. As were the voices of the actors and actresses. They preferred black and white themselves but would watch those ‘outdated’ colour ones too. They were becoming completists of sorts, Casablanca, that type of thing and they loved those sorts of classics. Other than that they just ate and fucked. That was their life up until today when Harry suggested, and he was serious, that they go to New York for a holiday. John wasn’t really in to it and would prefer to go somewhere like, well, Casablanca. Why was it always Harry that caved in? He was scared of John in a way. John was noticeably bigger than him and at times could be verbally aggressive to assert his authority. He needed that for aggressive patients he worked with on the job as an ambulance driver. But Harry would never speak a word of it to him for fear they’d break up and it wasn’t as if they never argued. In fact they were about to. Nothing was ever good enough for Harry you see because he was spoilt from a rich family - Nathaniel was to thank for that - and John was from a poor family. John definitely wasn’t with him for the money and didn’t even know he had any until months into the relationship. Harry was good at hiding the fact that he was even from money. It kind of pissed John off enough that he didn’t pay for dinner at first, when they first met, Harry knowing that John was struggling financially. Harry could be kind of a bastard about money truth be told. But John still loved him anyway and Harry loved John too. Eventually they were to be married but that time wouldn’t come yet. They said they would but it wasn’t official. Harry was waiting for him to propose as he saw his partner as the dominate one but secretly John wanted him to pop the question. So it would be sometime before anything actually happened. They both rejoiced as non-religious people at the new reincarnation discovery and always knew with near certainty that something like this would come along. Having talked about it John suggested that they start going back to church - but why if they didn’t believe in it? For the community. For the fun. For whatever. For something to do John didn’t know and it was just a suggestion - Harry didn’t have to get so annoyed. What Harry still couldn’t get over, and what John certainly understood, was how anti-homosexual churches really were deep down. Like at one stage Harry wanted to be a church deacon like his father before him but he wasn’t allowed due to his particular sexual orientation. Essentially they were bastards in more ways than one. But not literally of course (because they usually got married first.) Maybe they could just go join a regular singing class if the church didn’t really want them to be there as a gay couple or go to a ‘gay church’? Harry preferred the idea of a singing class, singing being a life long ambition of his even though he couldn’t really sing, not that well, to save his fucking life. You didn’t need religion for a sense of community either atheists had theirs too. But where? American was presumably still majority Christian until they got that reincarnation was a fact. They, the religious, were backing away to the argument that when the universe ends then reincarnation would stop and then we go to heaven. Yeah like that was it, yet more bullshit. Now we had to prove that when our universe ends a new one started straight away like is what actually happens in reality. But nobody knew about that yet. Having said that a new kind of non-religious atheism was sweeping the nation. How would this change the moral landscape of America, of the United Kingdom, of the entire world? If we all became humanists morally speaking there would be no more murder or rape or at least a lot less. But no that was too good for the human race Harry thought; there would still be those far-left and far-right wing crazy ass niggers, including white niggers (we are all African apes, our ancestors all came from Africa, Harry’s great, great, great, great and so on and so fourth grandmother and grandfather were as black as John’s, therefore we are all niggers no matter what colour of our nigger skin), to fuck everything up royally. Harry’s mind had wondered and John wondered what he was thinking about.
“Nothing” said Harry.
They were always supposed to say what they were thinking about to each other. Now Harry was just breaking the rules and that wasn’t fair. In other words, in John’s brain, he was being a cunt was Harry. An argument ensued.


40+ Thousand Years Later:

Hailee stood opposite Lauren complete with combat clothing, all white, outside NASA’s main military base. They were by the giant bonzai tree on futuristic training mats of sorts. This was a part of Hailee’s reconditioning process, the mixed martial arts part, where she would basically learn to kick some serious ass. The only problem is she wasn’t as natural as they, and Lauren, had hoped for. She was supposed to be the one you see. Their finest example or specimen of a human being not just in intelligence and looks but in, well, being able to kick some serious ass. It just didn’t quite go down this way. The way they wanted. Hailee throws a rather lackluster punch “Don’t you even know how to throw a decent punch!” says Lauren angrily.
Hailee attempts were rather pathetic - her programming should have gotten her part the way there but alas they had a lot of work on their hands with her. Maybe she would never get it Lauren feared. Hailee lifted her leg but then put it back down again.
“Okay what the fuck was that?” says Lauren.
“I tried to go for a kick but then…” says Hailee.
Lauren sighs and now knows there is a long road ahead. In other words Hailee, currently at least, is fucking useless. She is hitting, well, like a child, a little girl of four and Lauren being the bitch she is (a bitch and proud) let’s her know. Hailee didn’t appreciate that she was taking the hard, tough love route with her but she just got told to shut the fuck up and get on with it. Then a miracle; Hailee lands, out of pure frustration more than anything, a hard punch on Lauren’s nose. Her nose was now bloodied and broken. Luckily they were programmed not to be able to seriously hurt each other: Seriously meaning that a one-punch kill wasn’t possible on friends, only enemies. And one strike - punch or kick, knee, elbow, headbutt and all the rest - was all that was required to kill the evil rogue cyborgs. And they were evil pieces of shit that was for certain if anything can be truly considered evil that is. But they were. Evil Pieces Of Shit. Certainly not “let’s maximize everyone’s well being including our own” humanists that’s for sure. Hailee was hitting more with her floppy wrist that her fist and was promptly scolded by Lauren, once again.
“You see those two big knuckles on your fist? You hit with those” said Lauren rather patronizingly.
Dumb-at-fighting Hailee finally got it and was about to throw a punch at Lauren’s head when Lauren gestures and a tall slab of something metallic rises quickly and automatically from the ground. Hailee is asked to hit it but she refuses outright. Lauren flicks her ear which doesn’t hurt because they can’t cause each other physical pain (without their medication mental suffering is still quite possible and even frequent) but causes bleeding of the ear which Hailee still considered an unpleasant side effect.
“Hit the fucking thing!” yelled Lauren at her.
Hailee really didn’t want to hit the fucking thing. It was a cowardly inbuilt instinct that was only partially programmed out but not entirely so she still had that pussyhole-ness that came with being a beginner. Lauren’s glare at her, her sheer and utter frustration, said it all. It was enough. Hailee closed her eyes and hit the metal as hard as she reluctantly could… When she reopened her eyes; her fist and part of her wrist were sort of stuck into the metal. She pulled hard several times and eventually she was released. The wall of metal began to crumble before her, cracking up every which way, then Lauren warned her that she might want to move the fuck out of the way. So she did and just before the thing fell to pieces all over the place with, even, chunks going flying. The wall was no more. Hailee didn’t know whether to feel impressed with herself or whether she should make a run for it; away from these crazy NASA people - especially the almost psychotic Lauren. Still, saner heads prevailed and Hailee decided to stay against her best judgement (or was it? She would just end up in the hands of Satan and be used to his ends, whatever that meant, anyway.) Lauren gave her a pat on the shoulder but Hailee sort of vocally shouted out, scared of her, and so Lauren reacted by shaking her head, calling it what it was and that was ‘pathetic’ and just walked away from the complete mess of a situation that was Hailee. She didn’t feel good about herself and wanted to do better. Well really she wanted to do fuck all and get high off of that drug, recreational, with no side effects. But because the evil ones stole a majority of it it was in scarce supply. Hailee was so so frustrated, so fucking irritated that she threw multiple extremely fast strikes into mid air for about three minutes continuously without stopping and when she did she wasn’t tired out just bored. She had to say she really, really did not particularly like Lauren. She was a bit of a cunt truth be told but then she probably had to be the job being what it is. Hailee contemplated a future which didn’t so closely resemble hell, the hell of being in the eternal torture machine. The hell of having Lauren shout at her again. In fact she didn’t know what would be worse, having never experienced physical pain. Hint it would be the physical pain of course nothing could be worse and the eternal torture machine was the worst suffering possible, literally, for any human being - as in no worse could be felt.


Joel:

Joel had to find a new girlfriend. Fuck he had to find something to plug. It had been a couple of months since he was ‘widowed’ and he needed to get a fucking move on in that department. The problem was that prof. Garnicle was hammering him with work assignments. This and he had to worry about what would happen to Hailee reincarnation wise. What on Earth would she end up as? A single cell? An advanced human? A completely different type of highly intelligent life form like an octopus alien? An octopus alien now that would be something. He preferred option B, human, however. He didn’t know why it was probably just instinctual - like why we like films/art - we don’t really know why we just do. Our DNA programs us in certain ways, it programs our brains. Like it programs the male brain to want to fuck every other thing in site. And Joel was no exception to this genetic rule. However he did have studying to do and think about. They needed to get to Mars for one thing. Trying to figure out how they were going to do that for Joel was going to be no fucking fun, no shits and giggles, that was for sure. He wasn’t looking forward to the studying and just wanted to, well, fuck. Of course that would happen in ‘utopia’ when the universe ends and the new one begins. The eternal fuckfest in space. But alas he would have to fucking wait for a few hundred billion years and survive a war with the infernal machines. Yes, life was to be no fun for most especially Joel for now. Jackie. Jackie Whethers with an ‘h’ was his new crush. She was a bio-bitch, as in biology, he hated that Mark Sanders calling women in biology that. He was after her too though according to Joel’s handful of friends. Although a lot of people were trying to get to know him after they found the ex he was banging was Hailee Rosenthal, the creator of reincarnation. He was even thinking of making himself the co-creator to get more pussy but he decided that would be too immoral for a humanist (wanting what’s best for everyone including yourself, maximizing everyone’s well being including your own and all that shit. Humanism.) Still he wanted to do Jackie up the ass because he heard she was into that (she wasn’t) and that was basically the sum of it. As much as she didn’t really want it he did want it. Anal. He hadn’t really figured out humanism yet not that it was explicitly against anal the kinky fun that it could be. Jackie was working on finding a more efficient food source for the world to consume. This too would help them when they’re on Mars to live more efficiently. It was an important job and she wasn’t going to be of much help to discovering said food source but she didn’t know that yet. She was just ‘trying her best’ whilst hating what she did. She wanted to be a computer game designer or at least a programmer. She would never get to it would always just remain a dream. But in utopia, the beginning of the new universe, all dreams would be irrelevant anyway because people would have constant recreational psychiatric drugs pumped into them whilst fucking, forever and ever. So none of that shit mattered. Dreams. Aspirations. It was all good in the end. After a whole fuckload of suffering of course. But Joel didn’t know about the A.I. takeover yet and even after his love Hailee had died he was mostly over it, but would never totally recover, not in this life. He could have whichever girl he wanted for a sympathy fuck, that was in the science department, he knew they were all into him, at least he thought they were, and Jackie from England was the prettiest, good teeth too and not just for an English girl: by American standards. She was a hottie and American Joel wanted a piece it was that simple. After a hard slog at physics theory and a brief assistant teacher to Garnicle role Joel decided to make his way down to the bio lab where she, Jackie, worked to at least say a brief hello and perhaps to get off with her, if he was lucky. He strolled down past the hill where Hailee died not thinking too much of it except giving a half smile.
“I’ll see you again one day” says Joel out loud with no one else around to hear him.
He almost made it to the bio building when random chance event of random chance events occurred: Troublesome Thomas appeared. He was the reporter from before and Joel really didn’t want to end up having to hit him. He really didn’t want that. But it might just happen if he said the wrong thing. Here’s hoping for the best. But he made Joel nervous and scared as Joel didn’t like fights just like he didn’t like Thomas-the-reporter. Thomas had an irritating way about him and an even more irritating look: Geeky and ugly. The kind of face Joel just wanted to punch more, in actual fact, due to fact that Thomas was a cunt paparazzi-type reporter and Joel just didn’t like him. Thomas did what Joel knew he might and that was to quiz Joel over Hailee’s death. You never do that after no amount of time yet here he was doing just that: being a cunt. Joel threatened to hit him but Thomas was used to it and he continued on with his most offensive line of questioning which Joel outright refused to answer. Thomas snaps a few more pics with his DSLR, brand new. Joel warns him. Thomas persists like the complete and utter arsehole he is so Joel does the inevitable - he suddenly grabs hold of Thomas’s DSLR - his pride and joy - snatching it from him and throws it down on the newly wet grass. Thomas gasps and runs to get it: He cries out that the lens has been cracked and Joel counters with if he says a word he’ll sue him for harassment. Thomas didn’t give a flying fuck and he rages on at Joel how he’s going to crack his fucking face open and Joel starts towards him in an aggressive manner: Thomas is prepared for this and flying headbutts Joel right on the nose. They stand there still as can be… Joel’s nose erupts with blood profusely. Joel starts to cry and just at that moment Jackie exits the building. She asks what happened and Thomas asks her out knowing Joel and her are friends from doing his research. She is utterly perplexed at the situations and declines his offer, albeit politely. At first Joel fears that him and Jackie are done for, that she would think he was a pussy, and he was right.
“You two boys stop misbehaving” says Jackie.
“Huh?” says Joel.
“And Joel learn to fight even I could beat him up” says Jackie.
Jackie leaves Thomas and Joel opposite each other. Joel lets Thomas know how much of an asshole he is in more words than one. Then Thomas proceeds to laugh at him losing his chance with Jackie and to quite literally add insult to injury he starts to snap pics of Joel and his bloodied nose despite the busted camera. Joel flies into a rage going towards Thomas who moves out of the way swiftly like a bull fighter only to have Joel fall over on to the concrete. Thomas snaps a few more pics of him then hurries off almost running. Joel cries out in anguished frustration at his defeat at the hands of the even geekier Thomas. He won’t be getting to fuck Jackie tonight and he felt stupid now for even trying. She seemed kind of mean anyway but that wouldn’t stop Joel from attempting to fuck her. He was horny as hell, as the devil himself, and needed something to plow tonight. Jackie was ticked off of the list he thought though maybe he should wait for her outside her lab of work. He did but she never came back and he was just despondent, thinking of hitting the Jack Daniels - Jackie’s name reminded him of the alcoholic beverage - though he hadn’t touched a drop since Hailee had died. He wondered what life would be like after word got out that Thomas Hill had beaten him in a fight. Maybe he’d shut the fuck up about it because it technically constituted assault but Joel was dubious and didn’t know what to do about his current lack of pussy situation. Ice cream. Why not? He thought.


Amanda and Grace:

Restaurants. The only people who didn’t like them or like talking about them were people who didn’t get to go thought Amanda. This wasn’t really fair because perhaps there were all sorts of reasons people disliked them but she couldn’t come up with any other than a lack of taste sense, poor souls. Just plain too poor like she basically was at the moment. Arrived fresh from Amazon was the Michelin guide 2020 which she could not be more excited about -- she not literally almost shit herself with glee. She was determined to read through the whole thing. She thought if she could be a cook, a chef or something like that she could be - a food critic! Even better! But that was more difficult to get into. She thought how many food critics were there compared to chefs and cooks in London? She could try to do both. Why the fuck not. She contemplated a life far removed from the one she currently had where her parents would on very rare occasion - we’re talking twice a year - take her to her local Italian which wasn’t very good. Her parents cooked way better than that restaurant in fact even she did following basic professional cooks advice. There must be tastier meals to be had over the bridge and beyond. Grace was over and she was sitting on the bed half listening to music, classical, in one ear and half listening to Amanda reciting the Michelin guide restaurants reviews. Grace asked if there were any negative reviews in there, so she could listen to them for fun and variation but there weren’t. They were literally all with a positive slant. Amanda looked at Grace’s backside for a second. It wasn’t a gay/lesbian thing. It was just to compare to her own. They were both tight back there but she wondered if going to all those Michelin stars was going to make her fat, especially her bum. She was going to eat super healthily and exercise six days a week instead of four and go harder and further than ever to accommodate the butter-soaked and fried-in-a-pan food of the top restaurants. Grace had a rather pleasant surprise for her: She was taking her out to a restaurant, a girl’s night out, fully paid for by herself.
“Shut the fuck up!” said Amanda, excited.
“You shut the fuck up cunt bitch” said Grace playfully, as a sort of term of endearment.
Amanda didn’t know how to thank her. Grace’s parents had considerably more money than Amanda’s so could afford to spoil her more often. Grace was even going to let her choose the restaurant. Any one she wanted but it couldn’t be more than two hundred for the both of them. So think a one Michelin star restaurant as a pose to a two of three starred one. The Social Eating Room by Jason Panaton was Amanda’s choice. Grace even knew who this particular chef was - ‘the one off of the TV’ - and was almost as gung-ho as Amanda about the whole thing. But how long was Amanda going to have to wait until they could go - this weekend if they could get a reservation. Amanda almost shit herself with glee. Grace told her to calm the fuck down but she just couldn’t but she held back from actually screaming and just laughed with happiness. As the giggled subsided she is just called mad as a fucking hatter by Grace and playfully mocked but Amanda didn’t give two fucks - she was going to The Social Eating Room. Maybe she’d even get to meet the chef himself said Grace to Amanda, yeah, about a billion to one that would be because famous chefs like that appointed other chefs to do their work whilst they, the likes of Jason Panaton, went of and did TV shows and opened new restaurants around the globe. Amanda was wet for him but was even more wet for the restaurant they were going to. She immediately made reservations online after confirming that Grace did indeed have the cash money, taking her credit card info that the restaurant reservation application required to actually make the booking. It was done. Amanda would be Grace’s slave for the next six months.
“I’ll even eat you out daily” says Amanda, jokingly.
“Oh I’d like that” says Grace, jokingly.
Amanda simply couldn’t wait for the restaurant and it absolutely consumed her days and nights so much so that she couldn’t really concentrate on her A-levels college homework. She wanted to be fucking cooking anyway not doing this shit. But if she wanted to be a critic of food and/or restaurants she might need that English lit degree so she soldiered on with it. The days past as she read Romeo and Juliet - more like studied it ad nauseum - then finally the day came and she almost came with excitement. Jason Panaton’s Social Eating Room was here and she hadn’t thought this, not for a moment, but what if she was to be horribly disappointed. Maybe there was something wrong with her taste buds or the restaurant wasn’t going to be as good as advertised or maybe Michelin stars were just hype and bullshit. She would see today. Also if Grace didn’t show up with the cash she’d bite both her nipples off, there was no doubt in her mind. Amanda waited at Green Park station eagerly anticipating the girl-date. It was around five thirty and the dinner was at 6pm so she was uber early but didn’t want to be late for the world. She definitely got some coquettish looks from men passing by in her dress and some just rather awkward prolonged stares. She knew they wanted to fuck her but she just wasn’t into it. She started to imagine what each starer was thinking, like, ‘I’d love to give her one up the arse’, it made her partially hold in a giggle. She couldn’t help but smile to herself. Then she caught a rather ugly young man smiling back at her. She looked away then when she looked back he was heading off. Dodged a poisonous bullet of ugly love there. She just wasn’t into sex and wasn’t interested anyway. Then, eventually, Grace did arrive. They hugged and started off towards the restaurant Amanda knowing the exact way after having looked it up on Google maps street side view so she could see photos of the actual streets. They walked together but didn’t hold hands or anything like that they weren’t lovers or at least Amanda didn’t suspect that her old friend Grace had a crush on her and was secretly bi. They talked about the restaurant and only the restaurant and Grace didn’t mind because this was her loves special day and she planned strongly and with determination that she wouldn’t reveal her feelings, not today or anytime soon. They eventually did reach the place, The Social Eating Room, in the heart of Mayfair surrounded by wealthy houses and small shop locations such as books shops and cafes. They would be worth a fuckload too the houses thought Amanda. June was the attending receptionist. She took a while to find it, but eventually did find the reservation because Amanda forgot that she put it under a pseudonym rather than her real name. A fuck up of epic proportions thought Amanda because they could have kicked them out if she hadn’t remembered, at first and instead giving her real first and last. Then it hit Amanda, right in her gut, just a beautifully set up the restaurant was as she peered around the place. The white cloth, the mirrors, the modern art and the gray painted walls all screamed elegance. It had to be for the prices they were charging. The waiters were handsome or pretty depending on the sex and they spoke softly but audibly to their patrons. But what about the food she thought. She didn’t see anything served yet not even water and they were the third party of people to have arrived. They were seated promptly at a suitable table and asked if they wanted wine. Grace jumped at that chance and said yes definitely as there was a slight pause as Pier, their waiter as well as Grace looked to Amanda, the star of the show. She ordered a Rosé, a full bottle and she didn’t want to at first. The why was simple: It was a hundred pounds for the bottle but Grace insisted and she was the one holding the cash money and she had brought a hundred extra of her own saving as a suprize. It was brought over promptly and she said it was the best wine she had ever tasted did Amanda. Even if the meal was terrible, she let Grace know the mere thought of which had Grace at once worried, this alone was worth it. The wine had a slight elderflowery taste added to it which Amanda gave a five out of five to.
“This wine almost made me cum” whispered Amanda to Grace, jokingly.
Grace laughed out loud and far too loud and she was told to shh by Amanda who had a big smile on her face. Some entrees arrived. Amanda was too excited to really listen to what Pier was saying., It was a very small pastry with some cheese foam in the middle. She immediately gave it a five upon finishing it and Grace had to agree. But then quite a fucking long time after the entree came the starter: They both ordered the scallops. Butter drenched and pan fried to perfection. Amanda scoffed them down almost as fast as Grace did.
“I think I did just cum” says Amanda a little too loudly so an older lady sitting nearby could hear her alarms raised. She gave a look, a very concerned look.
So far she absolutely couldn’t be any happier. She told Grace as much and said this was the best time she’d ever had since Christmas when she was four. Better even. Grace thought that maybe she would ask her out telling her how she felt but she resisted. They waited for what seemed to be fucking ages but eventually they got their lamb with absurdly expensive olive oil and fancy mac and cheese as a side. Best lamb she’d ever tasted. Amanda had tears in her eyes literally and she didn’t know what to say, totally and utterly fucking speechless and Grace could tell. This was a most excellent and special night. Amanda played footsie with Grace under the table for some reason like they used to do when they were fourteen, bearing in mind they were now nineteen, this was rather unusual even for them. They stopped as Pier arrived and took away their main. They thanked him and he thanked them back. Grace finished the wine and faux slammed down the glass crying out for another like a thunder God would do. Amanda told her to shut it and was a literally embarrassed at the lack of fucking manners but then was amazed at her ordering another bottle - she could put the rest on her credit card but Amanda insisted ‘no’, but she did it anyway. There definitely wasn’t enough cash.
“Oh fuck my pin number” says Grace.
“You idiot. You complete idiot” says Amanda.
Grace tried her best to remember. Amanda waits impatiently.
“We’ll be giving head to Pier if you don’t hurry up” Amanda whispered but still getting another look of great concern from the old lady at the other table.
Grace giggled and couldn’t contain herself at least at first.
“That’s why I love you” says Grace.
Amanda was shocked and now this all started to make sense to her. She knew Grace didn’t mean ‘as a friend’ it was in her tone of voice. Quite obvious in fact. Amanda basically just shrugged it off and moved on asking what Grace had ordered for dessert again and if they would have tea with chocolates. Maybe a cheese course. Grace was trying not to cry so, seeing this, Amanda placed her hand atop of hers comforting her best she could but Grace shook her head no. She left the restaurant in a hurry. Amanda was stunned and embarrassed with people looking at her.
“Drunk” said Amanda to everyone.
Then it dawned on her: The money! Grace still had the money! Fuck me side ways with a ten foot barge pole thought Amanda - now she really would be giving head - to the entire restaurant team! She had to tell Pier that Grace was paying and had to go after her but Pier wouldn’t let her. She could leave her coat and bag which had her ID in it and so he agreed. She hurried off, left through the heavyish glass door of The Social Eating Room and looked both ways for her but she was nowhere to be seen. She tried on the phone again but after a long set of beeps she just got fucking voicemail - fucking voicemail! - and so guessed right hurrying along the streets of Mayfair to try to find her best friend in the dark and, of course, it was fucking raining.


Claire:

Claire was a junkie. Big time. If she wasn’t snorting some unknown powered substance with a new bullshit street name she was slamming heroin whenever she had the money. That is whenever she did anal sex and the fucker actually paid up for the pleasure of it. She had got a shot-load of heroin for her to inject into herself from her local drug dealer named Larry or the other half of the time was known as Garry. She wasn’t going to be sucking dick or taking it up the arse tonight. No tonight she was going to feel like a million bucks. A billion even. Something that only money could buy. She thought the media hyped up the negative effects of the drug on TV and the internet. And so long as you only do it once a week you’d be fine. She was a habitual drug taker by anyone’s standard but only in moderation with the heroin at least. Today of all days however she decided to put just a little extra in to the injection vial. The highs were getting duller, so she needed more shit she figured. It was a drug takers logic so sue her. She prepped the syringe, heated the dope on a spoon, sucked that shit up expertly using the needle. The rubber around her arm, the remainders of a vain, the point prick hurting just ever so slightly.
“Slight scratch…” says Claire to herself.
Then she injected the heroin into herself.
“Down the hatch” says Claire.
Inevitably she OD’ed. That was always going to happen, eventually. A lot of men would miss that asshole of hers, that pretty face, her voice and fuck it her personality. She was generally easy to get on with and the clients liked that. They liked the whole package, the girlfriend experience, they couldn’t get enough of her which is why she could afford to live at hotels, off of hotel food and slam shit into herself or smoke up everyday. And it was everyday she chased the high of the illicit drugs she put into herself, affecting her health and as of now her life. At least her first one. She didn’t feel too much pain whilst convulsing on the dingy bed in the dingy hotel room where she lay, then suddenly lifeless but twenty seconds more till her brain actually hemorrhaged and she died and suddenly she was awake again already resurrected by NASA forty thousand years from now. Her mind and body ready to do battle with the AI. Joy of joys wasn’t she a lucky girl. From one shithole into another. But eventually it would all end, the suffering that is. Lauren of forty greeted her and explained everything and Claire, still named Claire because they had some records of hers, was told she was special just like Hailee was and how’d she’d be joining the teams. The computer machine men had to be stopped or they’d all end up in the eternal torture machine and that certainly would be no fun. But where was Claire, she had no fucking clue and no memory of her past life as a drug addict and sex working prostitute. She did have a memory of the past few minutes and she knew she didn’t like what she was experiencing. Fear set in almost right away. But already it was off to training in less than an hour. She communicated that she’d rather not get involved and do her own thing. She could help out some other way, yeah, that would be be great. But she was denied this by Lauren almost immediately. She was a potential with potential to help overthrow the A.I. and save humanity as it currently existed. As we already know this happens but not yet, not yet. The great orgy in the sky (on another man made planet) wasn’t to be quite just yet. Claire was shafted into the math skills room. In her previous life as a sex working prostitute she didn’t even know her times tables. But in this one she already knew quantum mechanics and the math to go with it. She had a Mensa level IQ which is why they sort her out for resurrection rather than let her reincarnate as a single cell. She was nowhere near, that is to say her mind was nowhere near, the point of being a single cell that was billions of years off. She found herself, with the tutelage of red headed Lauren, doing advanced level equations and shit. She was being rushed so fast she barely knew what she was doing but it all checked out: Claire was a genius. Not quite Hailee-level but more than good enough. Check, check and check - everything checked out with her according to Lauren and her array of miniature computers as it should do. She was impressed. Claire was not.


Juno and Imogen:

Juno this time and probably more fucking sensibly was dressed in a hijab- burka type all-black creation of the MI5 wardrobe artists team. She was opposite the Kenstone mosque and was going to be, eventually, let into a separate prayer area of the mosque than her male worshipers. Not that she had suddenly converted but she had to get into character and all that. She knew the prayers and how that all worked off by heart. Learned it all even in Arabic in no less than two weeks, mostly evening study on her own. But her objective remained the same: Spy on Mohammed A and make sure he doesn’t recognize her this time. How the fuck could he with her dressed like this. She even had makeup on around the eyes to make her pallid white skin look darker, more Middle-eastern type thing and it seemed to work well enough. She prayed for what seemed like too long and exited with the females. All she had to do was wait, which she hated the most so far on the job, and she did patiently as possible. Then he arrived; Mohammed A in the flesh and she managed, more by coincidence than anything, to get very close so as he walked right passed her into the mosque ready for prayer. Which meant she had to wait even more. Fuck it. Fuck this job. But no she loved it really so far in a strange sort of way because she was doing the right thing fighting terrorism, in this case extremist (not moderate because there was no moderate Islamic terrorism) Islamic terrorism and she sort of was already getting a thrill out of it. There were just several obvious downsides that she didn’t foresee, as smart as she was. She decided to wait a distance away on the other side of the street out of the way of detection even more so. And wait she did. She always wondered what would happen if she needed to take a shit or a piss whilst waiting, that would be a fucking nightmare, so she didn’t eat lunch, ever, until after it was all done. She was scared of detection too; hungry, scared and bored out of her mind. The life of an undercover MI5 agent made reality. Mohammed A, luckily for her, did eventually leave the mosque and she started towards him he was still completely unaware of her. He started to walk away from the mosque and for some unexplainable reason turned back. She walked past him - she couldn’t just stop - but as she did he turned to her and spoke:
“Have I seen you before?” says Mohammed A.
She stopped and looked back.
“Me?” says Juno.
He was talking to her directly he made clear. But she said she wasn’t allowed to talk to other men Muslim or not.
“You have big eyes” says Mohammed A.
“And an even bigger husband” says Juno.
Mohammed understood and started to walk past her doubling back the same way he was walking before. It didn’t quite make sense like he had forgotten something twice. She slowly followed after him as best she good in her long burka gown. But one thing was for certain: she was getting slowed down by said burka and when she looked down at the bit of material that was making her slow and back up he was nearly out of sight. Fast fucking walker she thought as he went. She decided to take off the burka even though she was told not to do this by operations. It looked as if Mohammed A was going to turn so she dived for cover behind a bin. It stunk and she verbally showed this out loud in her voice. When she popped back up it appeared as though he had gone. She literally jogged to try to catch him up. She peeked around the corner to a street and saw him. She continued to tail him until he reached a garage. She hurriedly radioed operations for a car which got there quick because one was always nearby traveling along waiting for agents to call in. She got in and a car left with Mohammed A clearly in the drivers seat of his car blissfully unaware of Juno now tailing him. But after about five minute of uninterrupted followage the fucker became very fucking aware of her and sped up leading her to a warehouse, stereotypically dilapidated as it was, and he passed several men. It was the right location he had led her to but it was also a trap. The four rough looking Islamic extremists surrounded the car. She reversed knocking one of them over! She was told by operations to retreat. But instead she rolled down the window, took out her handgun and let off a few shots fired upwards into the air. They backed up at first did the men then they started to pick up and throw rocks at her car. One smashed the window. Juno thought the window was supposed to be bullet and smash proof for fuck sake. She reversed and turned then started off. Looking back she could see the four men laughing mockingly at her. She was scared. That ended up pissing her off even more. What’s more and talking about pissed off; enter Martin who couldn’t have been more frustrated by Juno. She had fucked up again royally this time and he was going to let her know. In fact he did. Let Her Know. She was sorry but this time it really was just an unfortunate series of events. Martin didn’t give a fuck. She was out. Fired. But then a call from Z, the head honcho, the boss. They hurried off to her office even though Juno may as well not come with, her being fired and all. She went anyway semi-ignoring him as best she could considering she was right by him all the way to the office. Z told them to stay standing. She was a red headed woman of about fifty and already at the top of her game. She wanted to throw them both off and didn’t want them to get comfortable at all. Martin told on Juno like the big rat he was and Z listened at first but then -
“Martin” says Z.
“Yes mam?” says Martin.
“Shut up” says Z.
Martin kept it shut and Juno tried not to laugh until Z shot her a look which made her uncomfortable and far from amused at once. Also Z let it be known, especially after the protest from Juno, that she was going to be allowed to stay on but she would need help from a more experienced agent. Namely Double-O four aka Imogen who she had met and subsequently gawked at earlier. They were dismissed and were allowed to leave. Outside Martin’s office was Imogen who gave Martin a rather mean and offensive look which he tried to ignore. She stopped Juno and congratulated her on not losing her job which Juno found rather amusing. Imogen also told her not to worry too much about ‘fuck face’ Martin and his butt-buddy. She would deal with them.
“Oh, thanks” says Juno.
“Wanna fuck?” says Imogen.
Juno was just outright flawed by this, shocked to hell and back and just so overly embarrassed. In other words she didn’t know what the fuck to say to that. At Imogen’s fortress of a flat they hump naked; Imogen on top of course loving every second of her domination and Juno feeling the effects just as much. This was her first time - with a woman of course - and Imogen was mightily impressed with her performance. First time for everything as Imogen pushes Juno’s head down under the covers so she can give her head and she does tasting Imogen’s clean or tasteless pussy until she gushes all over her face and gets some in her mouth. Later on they sit up under the covers not saying a word to each other until Imogen said that it was fun but it was also time for her to leave. It was quite rude of her actually. To make things worse, adding insult to injury, Imogen practically slammed the front door in her face without so much as a goodbye.
“Bye” says Juno, intentionally, after it’s too late to matter.



Nathaniel and Lauren:

Lauren is opposite Jane her girlfriend. They are both beautiful women to behold and they realize that. They want to hold on to their beauty forever instead of it being fleeting. But one day, in a future reincarnation it will never go away such as will be technology. Lauren had good oral hygiene when she brushed but today was another day she decided not to and Jane had to complain again. She could just lick her out that was the best bit anyway but Jane liked the kissing as a build up to the main event. So Lauren decided to go brush and use mouth wash reluctantly but only giving herself the once over with the actual brushing. Jane was happy and they made out on the front porch for about ten minutes. Their tongues touching, rolling on each others’. They were going to take it upstairs but decided to chill and smoke a joint of weed. Nothing added, nothing taken away, just a roll of pure organic. Neither of them were into anything heavier and they smoked but once a week. They fucked everyday but one to recharge and sometimes more than once if they were really fucking horny. Lauren liked the fact that Jane was a poor girl and she could treat her to things she couldn’t otherwise afford and it wasn’t as if Jane resented this particular treatment, oh no, she took advantage whenever offered. But they loved each other and that’s all that mattered and by love it was thought that they respected each other, liked each other greatly and at the very least loved fucking each other. Nathaniel was also hot for Jane but was very unlikely to ever take advantage and completely ruin his sister’s life which it would do thought Lauren as well. Sometimes they mixed it up with men and usually if they were to do a threesome or foursome it was with other women but they wanted to stay herpes free for as long as humanly possible. But Lauren would be grossed out if her big brother got involved but the problem was that Jane who was openly bi had a crush on Nathaniel and had sexual fantasies about him. Or about him doing her in a display coffin. She’d even let him in her back door, something Lauren and her could only do with fingers and strapons. And just at that moment Nathaniel enters. He had a habit of popping up when Jane was around. Under the pretense that he was a polite man that just wanted to say hi. Truth be told he wanted to fuck her just like she wanted him. But for now it was just the usual ‘hi, how are you?’, ‘what have you been up to?’, pleasantries but no attempt at flirting had ever happened. Until now. Just at the moment Nathaniel was leaving them then he looks back at Jane to have a quick perv on her and she gives him a quick wink. He wasn’t sure what it meant and Lauren didn’t even see so was completely oblivious but she knew what it was. That wink had intention. The intention of wanting to fuck. Nathaniel was instantly hard because of this but quickly retreated with Lauren calling him back but he made an excuse that he had to go to the bathroom. Maybe that wouldn’t be such a bad idea so that he could jack off and get it out of his system. Lauren’s joint was almost finished the butts end gleaming orange red in the night and Jane asked for that last drag or two which she was given.
“You’re brother’s kind of hot” says Jane.
“Fuck off!” says Lauren, spontaneously, shocked.
Lauren was not happy about this in the slightest and had no notion of the reality of the situation: Jane wanted an open relationship with them as the main deal. She wanted to marry Lauren one day but having her brother there… Jane quickly got the impression that she should shut the fuck up from Lauren’s angered expression. Jane at first thought then after a beat asked if Lauren was okay and please don’t be mad at her. But she was. Mad at her. Jane had to explain that she was a humanist and didn’t have the same Judeo-Christian values as Lauren who no longer believed in religion anyway but harboured the same values-from-God as before. Then it hit Lauren that she did. She really was still holding on to those values to a large extent though she was always quite liberal. Humanism means you want what’s best for everyone including yourself. By following this the world would be a better place even if we were all genetic psychopaths.
“Yeah… Fuck my brother” says Lauren.
“Excuse me?” says Jane, amused
She meant it. She really meant it. Then a wave of excitement came over her. Came over both of them. Lauren decided to drag her brother outside for a… ‘special announcement’. Lauren told Jane to wait there she was going to surprise her with something. She entered the house and listened to where her brother Nathaniel might be. She tried calling out for him but nothing. She made her way upstairs the dark expensive wooden stair panels. She got to the upstairs hallway and made her way towards the bedroom for the very reason she could hear audible grunting coming from the room. She basically just barges into Nathaniel’s room and he is lying there naked with his hand in his cock masturbating but she only sees this for a split second laughing whilst covering her mouth. Even though he had stopped being caught in the act of wanking - especially by little sis - was highly embarrassing to him. At least it wasn’t mum, old Ruthie, but then again maybe this was worse. He told her to leave.
“You should stop masturbating Jane wants to fuck you. No we’re not doing a threesome with me” says Lauren. 
Nathaniel asked her to leave and she told him to save some of that for later. He told her to fuck off. She was a little shocked by this, stood there for a second or two contemplating it then, off of his look, left the room. She was hurt because her brother hadn’t genuinely told her to fuck off since she was twelve although that was a ‘you should go fuck off’, his words verbatim, from what she remembered. She made her way out and back down to Jane telling her about the incident and she guffawed quite loudly. She hoped he would agree to a wholesome twosome and knowing Nathaniel he would probably accept the offer. Maybe even straight after he was fully dressed. Jane was sorry to hear that he was rude to her but really she was too happy that she was probably going to get to fuck him. To her Nathaniel was a real hottie, almost a ten even, and she would let him take her ass even. She had never done that with a guy but always wanted to. Lauren couldn’t help but laugh at this, relieving the tension she felt after having been insulted, and Jane started to kiss her for the warm up. Lauren felt an extra pang of pleasure in her tongue and in her head than she usually did as the result of added passion from Jane because of what was going to happen with Nathaniel. They eventually parted kissing and, almost just then, Nathaniel entered fully dressed in a suit asking Jane if she wants to get a drink sans Lauren, that is if Lauren really didn’t mind and she really didn’t. She was happy that two of her friends were going to make love/fuck their brains out. But Lauren made them both promise that it was just some fun and that it was her and Jane who would be in the serious relationship. Nathaniel took her hand and they went, hand in hand, through the door and up to Nathaniel’s room. But on the stairs Nathaniel let her go first.
“Nice ass” says Nathaniel.
Which just makes her laugh like he had hoped whilst actually looking at her arse up her skirt seeing just the very edge of her tight butt cheeks. The ass perv/ass man he was. She could even have no breasts he wouldn’t mind. She said he could touch it and he gave it a squeeze just a little too hard and she yelped far more in pleasure than in very slight pain. They got to his room, sat on his bed, and started to kiss passionately. The thought that Jane’s tongue had just been in his sister’s mouth did cross Nathaniel’s brain but he ignored it and went on with the tongue rolling. He touches her left breast and she gets both on his hand to touch both of her breasts and he starts to lightly massage them together. She shortly after stops him and he goes down - goes to town as they say - on her. Her moans of ecstasy as she starts to get even more moist. Then she cums far sooner than expected.
“That’s it?” says Nathaniel.
“All done. Thanks” says Jane.
“Don’t I get some?” says Nathaniel.
“Maybe a hand job?” says Jane.
The disappointed look on Nathaniel’s face has Jane feeling sympathy for him. Hand job it is she lets him know. She caresses his cock stroking it up and down harder than she should as she usually goes with woman. Moments later and sperm inadvertently blasts on her face some getting in her left eye. She is stunned for a second.. Then starts to laugh. Then when Nathaniel sees he starts to laugh. Later on Jane exits the house and says goodbye to her girl Lauren feeling a sense of well-being and Nathaniel waves her off. Lauren wanted to know what happened, what he did, to make her so happy. She told him about their little accident and Lauren almost died laughing. The rest of the evening they talked of this repeatedly Lauren referring to Jane as cum-face and they talked mostly of reincarnation theory and how they hoped life would be perfect after it all happens, after we all return.

END OF EPISODE 1 - PART 1 OF 2.
