Prologue 
Gregor’s life had up until now taken many unexpected turns. But then again, no one expects that one day he or she’s head would be filled with a hot beverage and be drank from. But that is the burden of any tea cup such as Gregor. Especially one that was being used by beings that were greater than gods, namely the two creatures called the Amurg, one of which was using Gregory. “Saints and Sinners, what the hell is this?” The newcomer of the duo asked. At least that would be what most sentient forms of tableware would think, but not Gregor. “The beginning of course.” The elder of the two, namely a creature called Deux told the younger Amurg. Deux was an old Amurg, a strange one even for a race of mist and twilight. 
For instead of spending his days doing nothing but gambling, like all the other Amurg in ‘The Realm’, Deux was a merchant that travelled beyond time and space. The younger one was who many called ‘The New Amurg’. The first ever being in countless ages to ascend from mortalhood to the rank of Amurg. 
And as soon as the New Amurg stepped foot into ‘ The Realm’- the homeland of the Amurg, it took him all of two minutes of being in this land of gods beyond gods, that for mortals lasted two millennia, that The New Amurg decided to seek out Deux. With the purpose of finding out from him which of the mortal worlds are the most fun to visit. For ‘The Realm’ was boring beyond words. 
‘What is the Realm?’ One may ask and Gregor the teacup would answer you thus: 
It is a land beyond time and space and yet it resides within, between, and apart from the deepest heart of both. The place of all knowledge and power, yet all is unwritten and still undiscovered. The one true domain, where the greatest of every age and no age gather, yet never truly converge. It is the land where all devices and schemes can come to fruition, yet none are ever planned or fulfilled. 
Why would anyone be bored of a place with limitless possibilities? The answer to that was beyond Gregor’s wits, all he was good for was drinking. 
Gregor’s 
thoughts about this turn of events, as sugar was stirred inside of him, where : 
‘What does that say of others? 
What hopes is there for lesser creatures, if all powerful beings could not find happiness? Is there no hope at all?’. But then again who would listen to the opinions of a tea cup? Especially one that was being filled with coffee. 
“And what does that mean?” The New Amurg asked Deux as the winds blew over the endless black desert sands of The Realm. The light of an silvery moon shinned from above, giving the sand a sheen that made it look like countless fireflies dance in the wind, almost in celebration for the coming story. 
 “It means that after this part, in which the mood and tone of the story is set, comes the characters, the story, the climax and the ending. Structure is important for a story, wouldn’t you agree?” Deux said as he took a sip out of Gregor and gazed once more across the endless sand fields where he met the New Amurg, with the moonlight that was bathing them both it made for a very beautiful scene. This brought a precious smile to Deux’s face. He always found joy in the little things of life. And with that he was ready to regal his guest with the story of the journey’s and observations he made of the mortal realms. And honestly Deux never thought that the hobby that he used to alienate his boredom would take him here, regaling others with stories in the moonlit desert. 
For that is the origin of stories, for all tales are birthed from boredom. To bring some measure of joy into one’s life. Few people remember this, or even bother to learn it. For few bother to think twice about a stories meaning, once that tale is over. Are there any exceptions? Well….. Nobody thinks about where they come from. Nobody knows what they mean. Nobody bothers to actually see the bigger picture and what lies beyond the mirror. 
But does that even matter when the story is a good one? 
“Well, if you start the tale then perhaps I could judge it whether or not that’s true. Would you please begin talking already?” “That’s not a very smart thing to say to a salesman.” Deux replied to the New Amurg. 
And then Deux opened his journal to where he left of last time. 
Thus two beings of phenomenal cosmic powers found their happiness in the simple act of reading and telling of a story. Or rather picking up where the story had left of to. One wonders why they sought out ascension in the first place, if this is what they use their endless powers for. 
‘Lord what fools these immortals 
be’. Thought Gregor as he realized that his life was not so bad after all. Now it was time for the story to begin for some, and continue for others. 
 Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
 Planet Temperland, Imperial Capitol Tomiris. 20 years ago, Galiupus 10th , 9:07 Local time. 
 The roar of the crowd was so great that the imperial major felt the sound waves in his lungs and eardrums. 
As his troops now passed through the parade route, Major Bartolommeo could not help but break discipline and give a wide, joyous smile and wave at the euphoric crowd. 
Amongst the crowd there was a mixture of young and old, rich and poor, wise and madmen, but all were gathered around this street and all were united in celebration for their country’s great victory over a hated foe. A thousand flags danced in the wind, as high above them fighters and pegasus riders soared and dropped confetti. At the end of the journey his battalion would be received by their Emperor and Empress. And the major would personally be awarded the Silver Cross, one the highest honour in the Empire, second only to the still unclaimed Moonlit Star. When the Silver Cross was pinned on his jacket the young major swore there and then that he’d polish the medal daily, in order to keep it in pristine condition. To Major Bartolommeo this was the greatest moment in his life. 
Now they had finally vanquished one of their Empire’s most hated foes. 
Now was the beginning of a new dawn, of a new age. The future was bright for the Empire. 
The Occupied Territories, Maramanakama. Present day, Galiupus 10th , 9:07 Local time. 
….Earlier today rebel activity,,,,, ….The ‘Blood of the Carnetsars’ group has taken credit for…. …Several hundreds of unmarked ships were reported….. ….Our contacts in the government are reporting that on Volun 4…. The Farview was muted as the once young major, now an old general, stopped his reliving of the past and started dealing with the present. His youth was gone, his optimism tempered by time. 
“We‘ve won every single battle in the Occupied Territories ever since we conquered them. We’ve been winning for the past 20 years.…..So why does it feel like we’re losing?” General Bartolommeo asked as he looked at the folder that was on his desk. These were the plans meant to deal with the insurgency, and finally bring it to an end once and for all. Bartolommeo had been working on them ever since he had been posted here in The Occupied Territories. He opened the folder and looked at the plans. The pages were blank. They were the same blank pages from 20 years ago when he first arrived here. Their once pure white colour was now a yellow stained one from age. 
 Next to the folder was the pile for the requests for supplies, reinforcements, and ammo from his subordinates deployed in the field. And Bartolommeo barely had enough resources to respond to even 
half of them. The general’s Silver Star, that the Major had vowed he’d keep polished with faith every day, now looked used, its lustre and shine was now long gone. “So is the Empire’s.” Bartolommeo thought and let out a breath of exhaustion as he pulled out the latest intelligence report from the ‘Dukhym Insurgency’, where a whole armoured column had been wiped out and what was not destroyed, was most surely stolen by the Maran Rebels. And with that a bad situation was now becoming worse. If they experienced more losses like this, then the rebels would become emboldened. The insurgency was now threatening to escalate into a full scale uprising. Which could evolve into a rebellion! 
And if either the Republic or the Federation got involved, then the whole Empire could be facing a most great and terrible storm. 
So General Bartolommeo was now busy at work, trying to identify and terminate the groups responsible for what the Empire considered a nightmare and the Marans a miracle. The ones that had been responsible for this disaster would not doubt become more powerful now and start making waves in the underworld. 
From his spies and infiltrators, along with reports from CORSEC, 
Bartolommeo received the knowledge that a name was whispered in the back alleys of Tolina and in the private corners of the whole Planet of Maramanakama. 
The name of the one who was gathering the embers of war, and stoking the spark that could ignite this delicate state of affairs, like it was a ship full of 
‘Black Crystals’, and could set the whole sector, the whole Bracken-Droven 
line, if not the Galaxy ablaze. 
This was the one that had somehow managed to gather enough resource, organize, and execute one of the most critical blow against the Empire’s forces in the Occupied Territories and to it all under CORSEC’s noses! 
And the spy network of an Empire that ruled almost a third of the galaxy could not find, predict or even properly identify, let alone stop, counter, or even analyse a single piece of information on this individual! Bartolommeo looked at the figure’s name written down in the report. “Nobody……’” 
‘Nobody’ had truly blindsided them. 
Riddle of Wrath 
595th Chapter, 891st volume, 9th library of the 6th city of knowledge, 7th universe, 974.593 cycle of eternity. 
 And leave the ticking clock alone, on the path of time to go.
 
 
 
Volunian system, imperial 378th corps, Metternich’s position. Galiupus 10th, 9:37 Local Time. The flashes of lighting struck all across the planet’s barren desert plain that served as the battlefield between the Imperial forces and the alliance of Volunian and Federal troops. The sound of thunder accompanied them several moments later, reaching the two fighting armies, the thunder roared all across the desert sand as thousands of spears, arrows, and spells clashed between the two combatant forces. 
“Zamolxes is pleased with my actions, he sends his blessing in the form of the great storm. His laughter is the thunder, his smile the lightning. Looks like heaven favours us tonight.” Was the private thought of the commander of the imperial forces, namely one Commodore First Class Metternich per Pelasgiamus. 
Metternich was a unique creature amongst the Empire, his hair was black as night and shortly trimmed, but not in a military stile, more like a summer style. 
 His skin was a dark blue, which was not unheard of in the Empire but not entirely common, and finally his eyes were perhaps the most unique thing about him, for they glowed a bright red colour. That feature combined with his skin and his voice, which was low and a bit gruff, made him a very imposing visual figure. His uniform consisted of black leather boots, black pants that were secured to his waist by a belt, along with as sheathed sword on his left side, a dagger on the back side of his belt, and a one handed crossbow on his right side. 
The Commodore’s chest was covered in a black tunic; on his shoulder pads there were three golden bars that symbolized his rank of Commodore First Class. On his chest, where it curbed to his sides, were two lines of gold buttons united by a series of golden ropes that traversed his chest. 
The buttons weren’t meant to close the tunic; since the real buttons where on the inner side of the left flap, that, along with the office’s sash on his waist showed that he was an officer and not an enlisted man. But the buttons, combined with his uniform, bearing, gaze, and voice made him to be a very impressive figure. Metternich looked like someone who was born for war, who belonged on the battlefield, who would stand when others would fall, that was a truth that no one could deny! 
“Just for once I’d wish Zamolxes would find someone else to favour!” Metternich angrily thought to himself. 
 Too bad he was in fact a coward. 
Commodore First Class Metternich per Pelasgiamus, the ‘Hero of Marengo’, ‘Headmaster Metty’ lowered his gaze and looked towards the ‘reason’ why he was so ‘favoured’ by his patron deity. 
Namely the raging battlefield before him, where his troops were fighting a desperate battle for survival, let alone victory. Once more he was in a desperate battle, despite his efforts to avoid the whole bloody thing. This had been Metternich’s life for the past 3 years. 
After being pressed into service by a certain Commodore Crackerjack, who had mistook him for a brilliant strategist and warrior, Metty had tried his best to avoid any and all battles and try his hardest to get a posting that was far away from the various warzones that the Empire fought over. 
But his efforts would always unintentionally land him in the worst of the fighting. 
There trough hook, crook, genuine military talent, and a lot of luck( good and bad) he would earn snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. And his reward would be to he hailed as an even bigger hero and be given even more dangerous assignments. Some of the higher ups sent him to danger thinking that he was just the man for the job, others did so as to be rid of a potential rival. Out of the types of troublesome commanders Metternich had to deal with, he didn’t know which was worst, the good, the bad or the ugly? 
All he knew for certain was the fact that bosses always made life hard for you. 
 For 3 years now he had been finding himself into these situations of his own making. 
Thus Metty was starting to suspect that he was in fact the plaything of some force that kept landing him in these kinds of situations. His fate was seemingly not his own. Fetch, roll over, do tricks like any good dog. Is what he felt like most of the time. But now it was time for the dog to bite back! “How many hours have passed since the start of this battle, Butz?” the young commodore asked his aide, who was also the driver of the Spider-Wolf jeep Metty was riding on, all the while never taking his eyes of the battlefield. His imperial forces had, in the course of this day’s morning, managed to sneak up on their foes, drive the enemy away from their defences and supplies, and now the imperial forces were surrounding their enemy. 
The empire now had the volunians and federals encircled on all sides! The only problem was that the battleworn and exhausted forces of the 378th corps, which Metternich commanded, had now surrounded the enemy army. Turning their foes into cornered and desperate rats. Now that is was time to fight to the death, the enemy had nothing to lose, while his own troops had life itself to gain if they decided to break away and make a run for it. So despite being on the cusp of a complete victory, a total defeat was only a single soldier’s misstep over his breaking point away from them. One moment meant the difference between everything and nothing. How many moments like this one had Metty gone trough since the battle began? 
 “About three and half hours worth of sir, it feels more like three and a half days though.” Lieutenant Butz replied. At that Metty took a huge gulp of liquid from a water bottle, 
in order to sooth his nerves, as either disaster or deliverance lay before him and the prospect of which of the two would come to greet him changed with every passing moment. Was it any wonder why all soldiers turned to drink? 
“Looks like we are at a standstill, our assault seems to be kept in check, what’s stopping Colonel Werner from finishing them off?” he asked lieutenant Butz. “Reports coming in say, that a priest call Eist has rallied the defenders and is holding his own against Colonel Werner.” the lieutenant replied. “A priest? I’ve heard of divine power, but this is not exactly what I had in mind!” Metternich said, surprised at what he just heard. 
 ”Look in our archives; tell me all you can about this priest.” Metternich told him and Butz complied with the order. After a few moments of searching Butz found the knowledge he was looking for. “It says here, that he was ordained five years ago by the Darangan, and was trained at Turweistan Military School.” Butz informed him. “Oh, wonderful, a Darangan warrior monk, is there any other bad news you have to tell me?” Metternich asked sarcastically. “Yes sir.” Butz said not getting the gist of it. “Looks like he is here to complete his initiation.” “Initiation?” Metternich said and he could feel his stomach pains that had subsided after the fight with the cavalry, returning. Whenever he felt danger was near, Metty would get stomach pains. That, combined with the fact that the aforementioned priest was giving a Black Beret Colonel, a commander of an elite imperial unit, trouble did little to help alleviate his growing pains. “Yes sir, his initiation into the League of Holly Knights.” “So not only are we up against an elite warrior, but a aspiring champion of elite warriors, if that isn’t reason to exit stage left I don’t know what is! Sometimes I wish Jonathan or Akanthos was here, against either one of them that priest would not be a problem.” Metternich thought as took a deep breath to try and steady his nerves and his stomach, all the while taping his fingers across the metal surface of the spider-wolf jeep. 
Earlier in the battle he had received reports that the enemy’s contingent of elite veteran troops, a battalion of Holy Knights had been withdrawn from the warzone before the battle began. All but one. The one that got away. Metty remembered hearing from some old sage that a single grain of sand can tip a balanced scale, well now he got to live that proverb. And with each passing moment the scales continued to move in favour of either side. Before Butz’s report they were facing an weakened enemy that was bereath of their strongest forces, and after that the imperials were now up against a foe that had a champion leading them, who was holding his own against their own champion Colonel Werner Von Braun One moment in time…that was all the difference between bliss or tragedy. 
Just then a great flash of light came from the very centre of the battlefield. It was so powerful that it dwarfed the raging thunderstorm above, in terms of power and loudness. It could mean only one thing, and that the battle had escalated to a point where the last resort was being used by both sides. Now the battle would no longer continue to be undecided, for in the following minutes the victor would be decided. 
“One moment... all it takes is one moment.” Metty muttered under his breath as he felt the familiar stomach ache come over him. He always had stomach pains when the situation became desperate. During all of this Metty fingered the card that he had up his sleeve. It was in fact a real playing card that he had stashed up his sleeve before the battle began. He had drawn that card before the battle began as a way to sooth his pre-battle jitters. Metty thought to himself that if for once he could draw the exact card that he wanted from a random deck, then he could consider himself to be strong enough, in both mind and spirit, to no longer be helpless against merciless fate that kept throwing him into these battles. That he would finally be able to choose his path in life. 
Yet as the battle raged on and the outcome was still in the balance, Metternich per Pelasgiamus the young commodore resisted the temptation to see if the card he had drawn at random from his deck, in an attempt to predict the future, spelled disaster or triumph. But he could not bring himself to see if his gamble had paid of. 
He feared the results for him if he had drawn a bad card. Especially now since it was time to lay all the cards on the table and play the hidden aces! It was time for the supreme magic. 
For a Supreme Omega spell! For the only known Supreme Omega Spell in existence. It was time for the Riddle of Ruin! 
 Werner’s position. Galiupus 10th, 9:38 Local Time. 
 The Imperial and Federal &Volunian army stopped their clash in order to witness, and help power up, the duel between the holy man and the warlord. Colonel Werner Von Braun of the Empire and Alexander Turneissnen H. Eist of the Federation were now surrounded by an aura of energy, with them at the very centre of it, like they were twin stars that now clashed in order to see who would become a sun! Both had summoned supreme magic, the Riddle of Ruin. Now the two troops behind them all created huge strands of energy beams, ones that converged on each side’s champion, and empowering them. Creating an hourglass like shape out of the auras of this duel between two champions The two combatants now silently looked at each other in the eye, in a battle of wills to see who would either make the first move, or 
the first blunder. Thus as the Sands of Time flowed on towards eternity, an hourglass formed and the seconds passed oh so slowly in this final duel. 
One moment in time…always one moment in time was all it took.. one after the other. “I am a swarm of wasps!” Alexander Turneissnen H. Eist the priest said, making the opening move. 
Immediately energy flowed out from his body, taking the form of a swarm of bees. 
This creation of Alexander’s then that started to grow and overwhelm Werner’s aura. 
“I am fire that glows and burns, rages, incinerates the old and forges anew. A small flicker of warmth in a cold and dark world.” 
But only a fool could say a Colonel, let alone a Black Berets Colonel 
did not know how to calculate a proper response! Thus Von Braun countered Alexander’s move. Immediately the Colonel’s own aura changed to show a great fire, this time it was the Black Beret’s Colonel’s aura that grew bigger and started subduing his opponents aura. 
“I am a raging hurricane!” The priest said and his aura changed into a great vortex that started swallowing up the colonel’s fire. “I am a fish in the deepest sea, here under the waves no matter how great the storm above rages, the sun burns, or how cold the winds of winter blow, there is nothing but calm of the grand blue.” Werner shot back as the image of a great and deep reef, where a great school of fish swam peacefully as above one could see the flashes and shapes of the mighty storm raged on. But none of it could penetrate deep into the water. 
“I AM AN ICE AGE!” Turneissnen shouted and a moment latter his own aura exploded in a wave of magic and an energy. It created a huge mushroom cloud that soared high in the sky above the two combatants, above the two armies,. 
So high was it now, that it breached the heavens and reached the darkness of space. And from that cloud came roaring winds that howled, that heralded in a huge mass of snow and ice that rolled forward blowing away Von Braun’s aura like it was a candle in the wind. 
“I am the time after the ice age’s winter. For no matter how cold and terrible, how long and dark it is, winter always passes and the dream of spring becomes a reality, as all dream do. That is the truth of all winters, even ice ages.” Colonel Werner von Braun said right before his own aura, before the last flicker of light and hope for his victory, was snuffed out by the overwhelming darkness and cold brought forth by Alexander Turneissnen. It stopped the wall of cold and death, pushing it back, but when it was time to overwhelm the priest’s aura, nothing happened. 
For spring comes and then it quickly gives way to summer, then autumn and winter once more. With that the two auras returned to the sizes that they had at the beginning of the duel. None of the two combatants had managed to best the other. Neither of these two stars were worthy enough to become a sun and rule over all that is above. 
And so both combatants where too exhausted to strike and each took a moment to recover, all the while both Von Braun and Turneissnen kept their gaze on each other. 
Galiupus 10th, 9:44 Local Time. 
 “You’re weak old man. Your strength is long gone. Your kind’s reign of terror is at last an end, now the dawn has come and we will spread the blessed light of Janssen to redeem all!” Turneissnen said to Werner, who was breathing more heavily that the priest, as they prepared to continue the Riddle of Ruin duel. “You know how to fight young one. I’ll give you that. But I know something that only comes with age, wisdom and experience. I know how to win!” Werner said as all around the federal and volunian regiments, the light from their spells started to fade away. It was then that Turneissnen realized what Werner had been doing all along. The Imperial Colonel’s long phrasing of spells during the Riddle of Ruin was meant to stall for time! None of his spells were designed to defeat him, but to prolong the Riddle of Ruin and keep the two sides focused on the match until the Federal and Volunian forces burned trough what was left of their power crystals. 
All the while the Imperials could restock using the supply base that they captured during the early morning part of the battle from the volunians and federals, while the federals and volunians could not! Now the scales had been tipped once more, now they favoured the Imperials. A pity that no one had managed to report that to the Imperial commander. 
But that was the chaotic nature of the battlefield! 
 “Currently we’re at a standstill, it’s a bit early to use my trump card, but still…..” Metternich, who was said imperial commander, pondered, when as an idea struck him. 
The thought was risky one, very dangerous and every other 
possible synonym for the two. 
But at this point he didn’t have any choice, it either near-certain death now, or certain death in the future if they lost this battle. Or so he believed. “What’s the situation with the special assignment unit?” “They had to go the long way around, but they’ll begin operations as soon as they get into position.” “Good, until then move us to that peak; I need a better view of what’s going on, and a better place to receive news from the overall battle.” 
“And I’ll also be far away from the huge storm of magic!” 
He though the last part to himself. 
As he looked at what he thought was the still undecided battle. Thus the general of the victorious army was now discreetly running away from a fight that he was winning. 
 “Right you are sir, but we will have to move through that rocky terrain over there, to avoid detection and the snake body is not suited for that.” Lieutenant Butz replied. “Then let us banish the snake and summon the spider!” Metternich said and immediately after that the jeeps began to change their shape, to one more suited for rugged terrain. Their bellies (which were all like a snake’s belly) broke up into several semicircle ring sections, then at the middle of their length they broke up once more, and became two equal halves, that formed their new legs. Thus, eight spider legs emerged from the snake like body. 
After the jeeps finished changing their means of locomotion, they began their march towards they’re new positions. “Call down, you need to calm down.” 
Metternich said to himself as his stomach started to ache like crazy. 
They had just turned away from their previous position and if they had waited a moment longer Metty would have seen with his own eyes how the Federal and Volunian magic was starting to fade and that the battle was now nearing it’s end, and that it was in favour of the Empire. But such is the chaos of war. 
”You’ll be far away from all of this!” Metty said to himself as out of the darkness came a force of war chariots and riders and surrounded Metty. But these were not enemies, no! These where much worse. 
“Commander, special task force is ready to go. Since you’re here at our deployment point, I am guessing you’ll want to lead the charge yourself.” Captain Melemakus said. The words coming forth from his twin headed hydra like heads as his spherical like body glowed in a bluish colour every time he said a word. 
Metty now understood why his ‘danger alarm stomach ache’ had intensified like crazy when he ordered Butz to move them somewhere else, cause this was where the ‘trump’ card would join the battle. 
Said trump card was a cobbled together force of troops that made fake war chariots and illusion spells to give the appearance of an armoured column, in short it was a fake one, meant to be launched when the battle was at its peak and hopefully trick the enemy into breaking ranks. And by the looks of this force’s commander and that of the rest of the warriors that where part of it they all expected him to lead the charge now. 
“I just happened to being in the neighbourhood. By your lead captain.” Metty said with his best charming smile and told Butz to move the jeep behind the command vehicle of the ‘mock-armoured column’. 
Metternich closed his eyes in lament as he once more unknowingly drove himself away from safety and into the belly of the beast once more. 
 When he opened them he found himself not on the battlefield of Volun 4, but in an office. An office from his past, back when he was still a captain, back when he was not yet ‘Headmaster Metty’. He looked at the calendar hanging on the wall and saw the date. It was the day of the Battle of Marengo, the day he earned the name ‘Fox of Marengo’. 
 One of the most horrible battles that he had ever experienced and the one that would condemn him to ever greater renown. And because of that he would be sent to ever increasing dangerous missions. 
A moment later an alarm 
was heard ringing. 
‘TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRRR TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRRRRR TTTTTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRRR “No! Not here! Anywhere but here!” Metty closed his eyes once more. This time from the shock of realizing that he now found himself reliving the most nightmarish days that of his life up until now. 
He immediately started yearning for the slaughter fields of Volun 4. 
When he opened his eyes he was not at Marengo anymore, but nor was he on Volun 4. His skin was no longer blue, his eyes no longer red, his military uniform was gone. In its place there was a plain white lab coat. Metty could still hear the ringing noise of an alarm going off. 
Turning his gaze to the source of the noise. the confused man found that it was not a red alert but was in fact a clock. A wave of memories started assaulting the…the commodore? 
The captain? 
The potions maker? Who knew for sure? Nobody was certain about the truth. But what was certain was that the source of the noise was in fact his afternoon nap wake-up call. Metternich looked around, remembering where he was and who he was. Immediately he shook himself to full awake status. He picked up his tag and left the office to make his rounds. On his ID tag there was written Metty’s true name, his profession and the name of his workplace. 
Metty walked down the hallway and then stepped inside the opened elevator doors. 
The moment he did so, he found himself back in the spider-wolf jeep on Volun 4. Metty turned his gaze to back from where je just came, and with that he was not in the deserts of Volun 4, but now he was once more in his office at Marengo. Then his doors opened and Butz rushed in with his battle armour so he could suit up for close quarters combat. Lunging forward, Metternich pressed the button on the elevator door, closing it and with that he was not at Marengo or Volun 4. Once more was he in his white lab coat and ID tag. The elevator doors opened to reveal a front lawn, where there was a sing that said the name of the institution where Metternich worked. Metty popped two pills in his mouth, drank a lot of water, and then once more pressed a button on the elevator, this one was to take him to his proper destination. 
The doors started closing and right before they would open and he would find himself who knows where, 
but before they closed Metty did manage to get a good look at what was written on the sign in the yard. ‘Fox Institute for the Mentally ill’ the sign read. “Just another weekday for me” Metternich muttered, wondering if he was at this madhouse as a medic or a patient. A moment later the doors opened once more. 
The Occupied Territories, Maramanakama, Tolina. 
Far away from the battlefield of Volun. In Tolina, capitol city of planet Maramanakama, within the district of GIhapmesi, there was a very dilapidated and rundown building. No, that’s not an accurate statement for describing the structure’s graffiti filled, derelict walls, stolen plumbing and metal beams, missing roof, shattered windows and vast halls filled with garbage of all manor. 
From material waste that came from the houses of the population of Tolina, to the social waste composed out of towngirls, junkies, drunkards, all manner of this cities refuse 
what used this place as a shelter, it overflowed with the worst of the worst. It gave dilapidated buildings a bad name. The structure was walled off by a fence that had more manmade holes in it than it had chain links, but the government that ruled this planet didn’t care about that. 
After all, why should Imperial overlord care for what happens to a building to which they have no attachment whatsoever? What was this den of forsaken ones? 
It was the Old Amphitheatre, the ‘Heart’ of the pre-war Maran Nation. Kalynka, a young red headed maran woman whose red skin was lighter than other marans, stood just outside the once pristine structure, staring at it with a great longing in her soul. “This was the very centre of our culture. Here, each day great athletes and warriors would come and compete for victory. From dusk till dawn they would push themselves to the limit, for honour and glory and when the day was over and one was crowned the victor, a hundred thousand souls would stand up to shout the champion’s name!” she thought to herself as she fondly remembered coming here as a little girl with her mother and viewing the great games. 
The theatre was the place where she had some of her most fondest memories. 
Viewing it as it was now, closed, barred up and abandoned, in a decrepit state, the only emotion she felt seeing this was sadness and anger. 
Sadness for the loss of what brought her joy, and anger since it was the Imperials who closed it and let what was once the pride and joy of the capitol become an embarrassment. It was as if she was looking at the very soul of her country. The Amphitheatre seemed to reflect just how broken their land was. 
As she walked around the perimeter of the fence that engulfed it, her mind was flooded with images of other things the Imperials had taken from her and from her people. The great fields outside the city, that used to be covered with the most 
beautiful flowers 
 from every solar system in the Maran nation, now gone forever. Leaving only rusted tools and forgotten irrigation pipes to poison the now grassy field. The great fire pits, the ancient altars and temples, even many of the old libraries where locket away from their own people, even from their own owners! And last but not least the great wicker giants, that where lit up at the final day of the ‘Changing of the Seasons Harvest festival’ in which they ushered in summer and banished winter. Times where hard and with each passing year things only seemed to be getting worse. 
 Anger now threatened to overwhelm her, as she felt her pocket vibrate and took out her farview crystal and saw that it was a text message from Ahmaianos. “Nobody has summoned us for a meeting!” she thought to herself as she browsed the message, making sure that she read the fine print. 
Now smiling, Kalynka turned her head to get one last look at the coliseum before heading towards the meeting ground. “Please wait a little while longer. Soon you’ll be restored and once more will there be crowds cheering for glory….one day…..one day soon……”she made a mental pledge to the building, turned around and walked toward the address where Ahmaianos said they would meet up, passing by a skyscraper with a great farview screen attached to one of its sides, that was broadcasting the local news. “The terrorist organization ‘the Maran Liberation Army’, along with a score of other such groups are the main suspects for what is now dubbed the Battle of Dukhym. The M.L.A, remain the most likely candidates, with some claiming that Alefran ‘The Slayer’ is the mastermind behind the disruption. 
“Prince Gelios has recently declared that this attack is just the death throes of the Maran terrorist movement and not a significant threat to Imperial authority. Now for the weather.” And upon hearing that news Kalynka’s smile only widened, times where bad, but times changed, and when your enemy publicly denies that you are a threat to them. Well, that was the greatest complement they could give you, short of acknowledging that you are a real danger to their authority! “The storm that has been brewing for a while is expected to make landfall this evening.” Night time had fallen when Kalynka and the other finally reached their destination. 
Mountain range near Tolina, the capitol of the Planet Maramanakama. 11 : 30 Local time. “Out of all the places I think we’d meet him. I never expected it to be here.” Ahmaianos said as they finally finished climbing the mountainside 
they were on and arrived at the ancient temple that lay atop of the tallest peak that was nearest to the city. From there they could see the whole of Tolina sprawling across the field near the mountain. The ritual site was an ancient temple was from a long forgotten time, a time of from before their people could even imagine. 
Built by an ancient civilization, now long gone, leaving behind only the carvings of Gods whose names were long forgotten and writing on the walls. Nobody could read it or interpret it’s art and know the truth of this ancient place. 
 
“I thought they burned down this place decades ago.” Tubarin said as he, along with the rest of the marans, felt very uncomfortable being in this ancient place that was not build by their kind, that worshipped foreign creatures not of their faith. Besides him there was Karamus. Karamus was the only person in the group that wore glasses and had a rather nasty burn mark on his right cheek, which he liked to tell was from the war, but was actually from being clumsy with a very hot cup of kava. The others were as followed: There was Duburius and Usanthus, who were twins, and the two were distinguished by the fact that they both had their short hair combed in a different direction, Duburius had his hair combed towards the right side, while Usanthus had it combed to the left. After that there was Barathamas, who had a bushy moustache on his lips, while Daiamar, who was standing next to him, had an eye patch and a full rugged beard on his face. Then came Maiamar, a man with a slim moustache that was connected to a pair of sideburns, which went all the way to his ears. Paiamara, the only girl of the group besides Kalynka, who was currently not amongst them, obviously had no beard, but she did have long flowing hair that was braided into a tail and tied in a bun at the back of her neck. 
 “I thought so too! They should have demolished this place a long time ago.” Ahmaianos, the bearded rugged and a bit unkempt, leader of the group added, he too felt very uncomfortable, out of place and a bit scared to be here. Only Kalynka seemed to be not bothered and was a bit confused at their behaviour. 
“They did. But not even Black crystal fire can erase the past.” The voice of Nobody seemed to echo from all around. 
“Come on out of the dark already!” Paiamara all but shouted for him to come out. “Why? There are no monsters in the shadows. Only ourselves laid bare. Won’t you join me?” Nobody said as the wind stared to pick up, night had fallen by now and the storm was nearing them. “You come out now or we’ll make you regret it!” Tubarin said, voice full of bravado, despite the slight tremble in his voice that showed that he too was at his wits end with being in this place and fear was gripping him also. “No you won’t. Two minutes from now I’ll come out. We will talk. You’ll ask questions, I’ll give answers and you’ll hate the answers so much that you’ll wish that you were all kept in the dark.” The voice replied, still coming from everywhere and nowhere. 
“You called us here. HERE OF ALL PLACES! In this cursed, unholy ground. So say your peace and let us be!” Ahmaianos added. 
 
“Peace in a land that had been ravaged by war for almost 20 years? Very well then, but before I come before you, I ask this of you: Look towards where the sun sets, what do you see?” “The old Amphitheatre, our capitol. It’s enslaved, chained by invaders.” Kalynka said, before anybody else in the group could reply. “And now look towards sunrise, what do you see?” “Dukhym, the sight of our triumph, the first place where the empire was defeated, the first free piece of land in decades!” Kalynka once more answered before anyone else could say anything. 
 “That’s one answer; let’s see if it holds a candle to mine.” 
The night now reached pitch black darkness seemed to swallow them whole. 
The group found itself surrounded by darkness and the chill of the night. That was until they saw a spark of light. 
A flame was lit. Nobody, who stepped forward towards them, was the one carrying the small torch 
which was a light in that ocean of pitch black. Nobody was tall abroad shouldered. 
He? 
She? 
It, was dressed in a long leather overcoat, with combat boots, his hands were covered in black leathery gloves and his face was hidden under a long shrouded hood that covered it’s entire face. Nobody was carrying a book in his left hand, whose cover seemed to every few minutes display random numbers. 4, 
 4 
Nobody revealed himself 
and stepped towards them. But something else was also revealed with that. The torch’s light revealed that on the ground before the maran rebels there was a detailed map of Tolina. Composed out of miniature buildings that showed every details about the city. Including the current ruined state of where they had obtained their first victory against the Empire, namely Dukhym. Dukhym, now free from the imperial grip, but also reduced to ruin. The map also showed the rest of Tolina, still enslaved, yet for all its faults it was still prosperous! 
At least more prosperous than Dukhym. At that the group of Marans all averted their eyes away from the sight. 
“Why do you turn your gaze away from my lantern? It only sheds light on what lies before you.” Nobody said to Kalynka and the others who kept avoiding to look at the city map. They were using all their willpower to not look at what was now made clear to them. 
The price for the victory. 
At the triumph and tragedy that they brought to their lands. 
 “Hey, what’s with the bandages and mask, why don’t you show your face?” Tubarin asked, immediately changing the subject from this uncomfortable truth. “Why is my face so important to you Tubarin?” Nobody asked and everyone held their breath hoping that the situation wouldn’t deteriorate any more than it already had. 
“Why? Why!?!” Tubarin said is astonishment . “Did my actions not show you that I am capable? Did me delivering you victory and salvation is not proof of my resources, my skill, my cleverness? What else must I do to prove myself worthy of your loyalty? The most righteous way to pass judgement is by watching one’s deeds and words” 
“Because we all came here thinking you could help us, Ahmaianos here even thinks you can be our leader. But being our leader means that we are putting our future in your hands, and I only do that to people I can thrust. And how can I have faith in our leader, if he doesn’t even thrust us enough to show us his face?” he replied and the rest of the warehouse’s occupants tensed up and held their breath as they waited for the reply. “Give them the sea and 
they ask for the moon as well. No matter how many times I go trough this, the bottomless greed is always something that makes me wonder why even bother. But if you truly must know then come and get your answer.” Nobody replied which surprised Tubarin. At that prompting Tubarin took a step forward, but the sound of brick craking beneath his shoe stopped him in his tracks. 
He looked down and saw that he had stepped on the map of Tolina and had destroyed one of the intact portions of the city. This stopped him in his tracks. Gazing around, Tubarin saw that the map extended all over the outer courtyard, up to the walls of the ruined temple, making it impossible for him to walk to Nobody without destroying portions of it. “What’s the matter? Can’t take bare to take another step forward? Then if you will not seek out the truth. The truth will come towards you.” Nobody said and then stepped forward and onto the map. His first stepped connected with the map. But no sound of destruction was heard as it touched their ancestral land and when the foot rose up for another step, it showed that where he had threaded, the land was still intact. The other leg followed suite and just like it’s brother nothing was destroyed! One step after the other, Nobody made his way towards them. Not a sound of crumbling, not a single sight of rubble! The very laws of this world, of the universe itself seemed to be defied with each step Nobody took! 
And as he did so Tubarin and the other took a step behind in shock, they did not trust their eyes for what they showed them, nor their ears for what they whispered to their minds. All did so, except Kalynka, she continued to gaze at the one before them, the fire of the light 
that he brought danced in her eyes, while the rest continued to back away. 
As if they stepped back far away they could deny that what they saw was happening. For if they did not do so they would have to acknowledge that what they were witnessing was impossible! 
“Nothing is impossible, just improbable.” Nobody said all of a sudden, as if he could 
hear the whispers of the words on the pages that played above him. “You just have to follow the right path and watch your step.” Nobody said and moved his torch in a way that showed that the path he took was one that avoided all of the miniature buildings. It showed that he purposely stepped in small depictions of parks, lots and other open spaces. This calmed down those gathered and they took a few steps forwards, to reclaim their previous positions that they occupied before Nobody made his move. But the deed was already done! “You have shown me here and now that you are not ready. That the time for you to see my face. To see the truth has not come yet. So as a token of goodwill I will not show you my face, but something else.” Nobody said with reprimand in his voice for their poor showing. The fight was out of them by now, and even Tubarin joined the others as they looked around in shame for their childish and weak behaviour. All except Kalynka, who had not flinched earlier. Nobody turned his gaze towards her and gave a small nod of approval. She smiled widely at that, knowing that she just grew in his eyes. Nobody stopped in the middle of the great map of the city. “What will you show us then?” Kalynka asked. 
 “The future young scholar. The future.” Nobody answered them as he raised his torch high and changed it’s colour from white to blue, immediately on the temple’s walls that surrounded the great map, symbols appeared. On those holy walls, the heraldry and titles that would face an empire that dominated millions of worlds, came to life for the marans to see. “Those who never stopped fighting after the war 20 years ago was lost.” Nobody said as he moved the torch to point at banner for the Maran Liberation Front. A white rhomb, in the centre of a red star that lay on a field of white. 
 “Those 
who started fighting after the fall.” Nobody then gestured to the flag of Brotherhood of Broken Sword, that showed a black hand raising high a sword that was broken in half, over a red field. 
“Those that fight to return to the past.” The doubled golden eagle of the Carnestars was next. 
 “Those that fight for hell or plunder.” Pictures of the leaders of the Colectiva was shown, each and everyone of the wanted posters had a grin on their face, a very, very disturbing grin. “And finally the ones 
that fight to survive.” This round-up ended with the Green Army’s flag, which was a simple brightly green flag with no other symbols or heralds on it. 
“All fight against the Empire, but more so they fight each other, that is why for 20 years on have been fighting the Empire and yet no true victory in sight. Tell me, do you not see the problem in that?” 
 “So what’s the answer?” Kalynka replied to Nobody’s enquiry. “You can’t see it can you? Not surprising really, those that avert their gaze rarely can see the bigger picture.” 
Nobody said and raised the intensity of the torch. It’s colour changed once more, to a bright red , this revealed that the various heraldries were in fact connected by threads that all converged in the very centre of the map of Tolina. 
“This.” Nobody replied and added one last name to this web of intrigue. Ahmaianos, Kalynka, Tubarin, Karamus, Duburius and Usanthus, Barathamas, Daiamar, Maiamar, and Paiamara, had been trough a lot this past month. They had witnessed most of their friends dying. They had seen an invincible army brought to it’s knees. They tasted victory after knowing defeat. They stood in the ruins of a temple that should not even exist anymore, and talked to the one that brought all of that chaos to their world. 
But the sight before them, the new knowledge that came from reading the word that Nobody had written down gave them the biggest shock yet. For at the very centre of that web, at the very spot that indicated that there would be the master that would command the rebel armies; where Nobody stood; their names were now written there. “Don’t be ridiculous! Us take control and unite them as one? How is that nothing more than a fantasy!?” Kalynka replied incredulously at what they just saw, but this was too much even for them! Immediately the others started talking over each other, but eve trough that chaotic cacophony of voices, you could tell that they all were saying that they agree with her. 
“You said the same thing about victory against the Empire, yet that fantasy became a reality a short while ago. Did it not?” This silence them. “Everything starts out as a thought, a flight of fancy, a dream that seems unobtainable. But you must believe in it, even if it seems only a fantasy, for it is the only way to make it a reality.” Nobody told them the truth. 
“How can you say it like it’s that easy? ”Ahmaianos asked, still astounded at the apparent lunacy he was witnessing. Before anyone else had a chance to say anything, the moonlight disappeared for a moment as a great shape in the sky passed high above them, blocking the moon’s rays. 
They gazed upward and 
saw that it was an imperial ship, one that stretched out for hundreds upon hundreds of miles, flying high up in the air above them as it made it’s way towards it’s landing sight This was a corvette, the smallest type of vessel in the Imperial fleet. The flame and heat from the ship’s re-entry was so powerful that it dispersed the storm clouds it passed through, the sheep seemed big enough to engulf a mountain. Nature itself seemed to have been crushed under the imperial boot, and this had all been done without the vessel even trying to achieve such a result. It came and went, and nothing was left above from the passing of this vessel. But then rain started dropping from the sky, as it always does after the coming and going of war machines. 
“That’s reality! And you say that we who are barely half a drambaball team, can somehow unite countless rebel cells and fight against a galactic superpower! Just who the hell do you think you are!?” Tubarin angrily shouted and pointed an accusing finger at him. Nobody merely turned his gaze towards Tubarin, Ahmaianos and the rest of the group and although they could not see it, the rebels could swear that he was smirking. “I’m Nobody. That’s the answer, is it not? Think about it, when a crisis becomes impossible. When there is no tomorrow. When not a single ray of hope shines over the deepest, darkest night of despair, what is the one thing that everyone says? What is the one thing they all agreed upon? What is the one think that friend and foe, saviours and destroyer. Saint and Sinner all agree upon? Think, when oblivion is at your door, what is your answer?” “Nobody……Nobody….. can…can……. help us!” Kalynka answered. Her eyes wide with the dawn of realization. “You must jump forward with both feet. No more half measures and nipping at the heels of your foe. If you truly wish to change something that commit yourself fullest. Strike at the head instead of the tail, for the tail only grows back. So I ask you once more, with all that is laid bare before you.” Metty gestures to the ruined Dukhym district that was destroyed when they ambushed and slaughtered the local imperial garrison. “Our triumph.” Kalynka thought seemed to echo to her comrades, who followed her gaze. 
“And what is behind you.” He gestured to the Amphitheatre, to the enslaved but undamaged and prosperous city, but stripped of it’s very soul. “Our shame.” 
“Here and now declare you allegiance.” Nobody said as the clouds above opened up for a moment, letting the moonlight in and bathed the murals of 
Ancient Ones on the wall in light, making them look like they were the judges to this court. At first there was silence. Then Kalynka stepped forward, walking over the map of the city, her feet crushing the still unaffected areas of Tolina. 
 At that the hooded figure turned his gaze towards her once more. Steeling herself Kalynka continued to step forward onto the map, making towards the centre of the map, the centre of the web of intrigue. She destroyed many thinks in her path towards a new future. 
Seeing her standing there, Ahmaianos gazed at the centre where she stood next to Nobody, then at the map to see what was left in rubble from her walking forwards. Ahmaianos took out the flask inside his coat, threw it away and then stepped forwards, also demolishing many things with his steps and continued to do so till he stood at the very centre of the map, next to Kalynka and Nobody. And with that the flood gate opened as Tubarin, Karamus, Duburius and Usanthus, Barathamas, Daiamar, Maiamar, and Paiamara took a leap of faith and made the journey as well. They all stood as one in the centre of the web, in the centre Tolina, the heart of their country, the place where they would build a new future, as the path that they walked to get here was now paved with nothing but destruction of the old in the wake of the steps they took to reach this point. But this time they all looked staring at the city map, they all burned that image into their minds, none dared shy away from it. 
“And with that the lesson is learned.” Nobody said as he opened the book he was carrying, wrote on it, and right behind them a new light shone, one that showed that a great pile of…of something lay in the shadows, waiting. 
Waiting for what? 
Waiting for whom? Nobody made his way across the map, across the mall part of Tolina that was still undamaged. Like before he left no destruction in his wake. “And so before the most ancient of beings, those gathered now truly pledged themselves to their one true path.” Nobody said so, as the clouds started to break apart. . 
 “So what now?” Kalynka asked eagerly. 
“Now comes the battle.” Nobody replied as the night sky was now clear, and it revealed that from the imperial corvette that had landed earlier a vast Imperial garrison was pouring out and marching at full speed towards the mountain. These were the forces that had been gone on shore leave. Now, they returned to seek vengeance for their fallen brothers and sisters of war! Kalynka’s was now overwhelmed with horror and dread, even she did not expect something like this. The maran rebels all turned towards their new ‘leader’. The one that got them into this catastrophe. Who was checking his watch. “W-what’s happening!? What’s going on!?” Ahmaianos asked. “What you signed up for.” 
 Fox Institute for the mentally insane. Private counselling room. 
“So what do you think of that?” Metternich 
was asked by the other occupant of the table where he was sitting at. “I think that it’s a very fantastical improbable scenario.” “I am not crazy, despite what the file says on me sir.” Patient 4469 replied. “It says here that you believe that you are jumping between universes, alternate realities, all for the purpose of ‘fixing’ something there, then when your task is done you leave once more for another reality. Tell me 4496-“ ” Names Icarius Reign sir. Always has been, always will be.” 
“Very well Mr Reign, do you not see why this all seems very fantastical to me and the rest of the world?” “At one point they said the same thing about walking on the moon. And now they did it so many times that it eventually became boring. Nothing’s impossible sir, just improbable. ” “That’s…..a fair example. But we have proof of walking on the moon. And in the real world we need proof before making such claims as you do Mr Reign.” “The real world? Is what you perceive with your eyes and ears? If so then what if they are damaged? Is reality the illusion brought about by the defects? Or is the illusion the truth and you are the only one that can see it? What is reality?” 
Icarius said as a chill ran down Metty’s spine. What he witnessed this morning was weighing heavily on his mind. 
Was he hallucinating? If so which was real and which was the illusion, the battle? The Siege of Marengo? This insane asylum? Which one of them was the lesser horrible reality? 
“Scary ain’t it sir. I mean let’s face it there’s a lot of things buried deep, and for good reason. Things that many people rather not know about or prefer to keep buried. Things so horrible that you lose yourself in other worlds just to escape reality. But if you dig deep enough 
you’ll uncover them.“ Icarius said to him as Metternich took a deep breath to calm himself down and find an appropriate response for this. 
“Just improbable is it then? Allright, let’s say that what you are saying its true. Why are you here then Mr Reign?” Metternich asked taking a leap of faith. 
“Well it took me a while, but I realized that the reason I am here in this particular timeline is that I’m here to ask you a question.” “Ask away then?” Metternich asked as he took a sip from his cup of coffee. Not that he was thirsty, but rather to calm his nerves and his aching stomach, that always flared up when something bad was near. At that Icarius Rain leaned forward and with a smile on his face he asked: 
“Did you draw the strongest card? Did you draw the Ace of Spades?” Thunder was heard coming from nowhere as lighting flash from the windows, despite there being not a signal sign of a storm brewing in this world. The shock of those words made Metty 
dropped the mug he was drinking. 
He looked in disbelief at the one in front of him. 
Metty then turned his gaze towards his pockets. 
Digging with his right hand inside his pocket, his blood ran cold when he found something there. Something that should not exist Something that he only saw in his dream/delusions. It was that playing card that he drew at Volun 4 right before the battle, 
the one card that he still did not turn over and look at what he had drawn. 
“But….how, this is not…” Metternich looked back at the patient and saw that he was no longer there! “…Possible!” He said in disbelief as he thought of how that….man, woman? Metty only now realized that he could not remember a single thing about how Icarius Reign looked. He could not remember, or lay into words, a single facial feature yet at the same time he had stood face to face with something that had no face and not a single moment did Metty find it weird! Whatever creature Icarius was, he was something beyond mere mortal’s ability to perceive. Metternich was now in a panic. Was he loosing his mind? Was the patient even real? Was this all part of the delusions he was suffering from? Or was it…the other way around? He quickly got up and ran towards the door, he had to talk to the orderlies here, to get confirmation on what was happening. 
Metty nearly threw the doors of it’s hinges when he opened then and ran trough them. 
“Commander on deck!” A voice from his right said, Metty turned his gaze and saw that it was a alien like creature in a uniform that consisted of black leather boots, black pants that were secured to his waist by a belt, along with as sheathed sword on his left side, a dagger on the back side of his belt, and a one handed crossbow on his right side. 
On his chest, where it curbed to his sides, were two lines of gold buttons united by a series of golden ropes that traversed his chest. 
The buttons weren’t meant to close the tunic; since the real buttons where on the inner side of the left flap, that, along with the office’s sash on his waist showed that he was an officer and not an enlisted man. 
“How do I know that?” Metty muttered to himself in disbelief, as memories that should not be there and knowledge that he should not know now flooded his person. He looked back to the door that he entered from and saw that it did not lead back to the institute, but rather to a hallway where others that wore similar garb to the officer ran up and down it. Turning his gaze forward Metty saw that he was staring not at a hall where orderlies should have been stationed as guards for his one on one session with the patients, but it was some kind of advance command room for………..Oh no! 
“Report!” Metty said as his eyes started to shine red from the fear he was feeling overwhelm him, he now recognized what this place was. “Sir! We have identified nearly 10.000 Republican ships that have entered the system roughly 5 days ago, based on their current speed and our PULSAR speed that puts them one day away from the station, what are your orders?” Captain Adrian de Morowetz said to him as he presented the report. Adrian was an Avian, his race was humanoid in its appearance, he had white feathers that encompassed his entire skin, a great golden beak for a mouth and two black eyes that looked like they were constantly zoning into space, also his aforementioned feathers where ruffled and his beak had a slight dent in it from his first battle, giving poor Adrian the appearance more aching to a crazed half-dead chicken than that of a professional soldier. 
But he was anything but weak as his past foes, or rather the absence of past foes, or any foes for that matter, was a very good testament to his skill. Thought even someone as formidable as Adrian was left speechless when it came to an answer for this predicament. They were on Scout Station Marengo on 
star system AX-22/103-Zulu-Kappa. On the day of the Battle of Marengo, where this small outpost that barely had enough firepower to deal small battlewing of 1000 ships. 
Now they had to face 
full fleet of 
over 10.000! “What to do you ask?” Metty asked as he pocketed the card he was holding. 
The stakes was to high for unknown wild cards The Young Commodore gave a quick look at the screen in front of them. 
The enemy was a thousands times stronger then they were! Retreat was out of the question, they would never get far enough in time to escape. Defending was also impossible. The only advantage they had was thicker shields and more mass than any enemy ship, but that just made them a bigger target. It was a riddle that no brave warrior could solve. 
“Fire all boosters forward. Full speed ahead!” 
Thankfully Metty was in fact a coward instead of a hero! And where all heroes cannot find an answer except: ‘die with honour’ cowards always find ways to survive! “Sir?” Captain Adrian de Morowetz asked him in confusion, at this point Adrian was not yet his loyal follower and knight. 
“We’ll head them off before they reach the sun and use it’s gravitational pull to swing us off away from them.” Metty said and entered the trajectory on the main farview screen. It showed the system’s sun and two lines, one from Marengo and one from the enemy fleet. 
At top speed with it’s main thrusters the space station could reach the upper portion of the sun, then swing down using the stars gravity before the enemy could get into range and they would pick enough speed that they could outrun the enemy fleet. “And the enemy won’t try to come after us, since the station had thicker corona shields than them! So we’ll be able to get closer and get more speed than any of their ships!” Adrian said in astonishment, a smile of admiration for his commander coming to his face. “Make it so then.” Metty replied with his own smile as they started forward, to the cheers of the crew as Metternich took his rightful seat at the commander’s chair, knowing that he was safe he allowed himself a moment to compose himself. Captain Metternich laid down in the chair with the knowledge that he was now safe at Marengo, blinked and then he found himself as Commodore Metternich, in the thick of the fighting, as his troops desperately fought 
on the harsh world of Volun 4, victory or defeat was each a moment away from becoming a reality! Commodore Metternich rubbed his eyes once more and Healer Metty found himself back in the green conference room at the mental institution. He cradled his head in his hands. “Which is the real world? Which one do I want to be true?Or…..or…. Is any of it a delusion?” He said in a desperate pleading voice for an answer, remembering what was in his pocket Metternich pulled out the unknown car from his pocket once more. Metty had drawn the card before all of this madness, thinking that for once if he could now try to intentionally draw the strongest card in the deck, that if was proof that for once he could control his own fate. 
That he would certainly find a way out of this mess 
Up until now he hesitated in flipping it over, for as long as he did not check there was a chance that he succeeded, one that coexisted with the chance that he failed. So in his hand he somehow hold onto something that was both triumph and annihilation, survival and perdition, creation and destruction, possible and impossible, and all at them coexisted simultaneously until it could be proven otherwise. That didn’t sound crazy right, even coming from him? 
But which of the two was it? Victory or defeat? What was the true answer? 
“What is reality?” Metty asked the table’s other occupants as he moved to flip the card. 
Mountain range near Tolina, the capitol of Planet Maramanakama. 11 : 55 Local time. 
“You’re insane!” Tubarin spoke up. He was the loudmouth of the group and usually the rest of them would always tell him to shut up from time to time. 
But for once they were all on his side this time. 
“More insane than you all? You, who chose to oppose the empire with nothing but the clothes on your backs and the fire in your belly. More insane than you still keeping that impossible task for over 20 years even thought each day was a defeat, each year was a disaster? You call me mad, but can you judge me so without condemning yourselves as well?” “We’re not the nut job that lead us straight into the path of the whole damned imperial army! Should have know better than to trust some crazy hick on top of a mountain! You damned Zmeu!” Tubarin moved to draw out his one handed crossbow from inside his coat. Moving quick as lightning, Nobody drew a fire spear from seemingly nowhere and pointed it at Tubarin. This was the same spear that they had witness him use to destroy a fully armed and armoured imperial patrol that had a war chariot with them. Before any of them could react, Nobody made his move, 
twisting the spear in his hand in a way that it made the weapon’s tip be pointed at Metty’s heart and the part of the shaft that was meant for the wielder’s hands now be directed towards Tubarin. A clear gestured that meant that Nobody wanted him to take the weapon. “There is not path of retreat from here. The only way to go is forward. If you feel that you can triumph without me, then feel free to strike me down.” This left Tubarin and the other dumbstruck by this turn of events. “You have all chosen to walk the path of the sword, thus you have only to choices from here on. Triumph here with we, or perish without me. Or are you going to come here, look me in the eye and tell me I’m wrong?” 
Marengo. A flurry of warning signals came from almost every combat station on board the Marengo’s main command deck, each warning of incoming enemy fire. None of them hit, but the sheer volume of fire power made the station tremble from the mass of energy released from the enemy spells that exploded all around the station. Marengo was shaken so hard from the enemy fleet barrage that Metternich could feel the rattle in his teeth as he held for dear life to his command seat. 
“How are we being hit? There is still at least an hour before we get into firing range! We should be safe!” Metty asked his command staff as they desperately scrambled to find out what’s happening. 
“The enemy fleet is firing fleet wide full auto salvos in our general direction, we estimate that at least 99% percent of them have missed us.” The tactical operations officer reported in. 
“Show me on the PULSAR!” Captain Metternich ordered and immediately the command bridge’s main farview displayed the realm time map that represented the scout station, the enemy fleet and the amount of firepower that was hurled at them. Every second a wave of light flooded from the centre, where the icon for the station was, and washed towards the exterior of the screen, that was a wave of energy that moved several times the speed of light and when it hit the surface of objects, it bounced back and showed where they are. But since the enemy ships were also moving several times the speed of light, combined with the huge distance involved, the PULSAR did no show where the enemy was, but rather where they were several minutes if not hours or even days ago, depending on the distance, the speed of the station and the enemy fleet, and the speed of the PULSAR beam. “Why are they wasting all this ammo on us?” Metty asked at he looked at the pulsar that showed wave upon wave of energy beams, missiles and countless top tier S 
class spells were being launched at them, but the distance was so great that none had managed to score a direct hit. For now that is. 
“I want a minimal operating crew to be left here, every other available hand with me to the launch bays!” Metty ordered and left the bridge. “Sir, what are you planning!?” Adrian asked as he, along with Butz, many members of the bridge crew and more and more personal from the various workstations around the station started gather in the main hall and walking, floating, wall crawling and running behind him. “Allright listen up! We’re going to commander every ship, every star fighter, bomber, armoured pegasus in the docking bays and go out there and cut down half of the stations armour.” Metty replied as he turned to face them. “But even so we’ll barely have 300 ships against over 10.000!” Adrian interjected, in a panicked voice. He gripped the blade that was tied to his belt, appearing ready to invoke emergency protocols and arrest his commander for succumbing to the stress of battle. 
The rest of the ship’s personal also had similar looks in their eyes. “Very well then, I’ll pilot them myself using remote control golem spells. Butz give me the codes, then you can sat here as well.” Metty said and with that not only was the mutiny averted, but there was also the look of surprise and shock in their eyes. “No need to sir, I’ll accompany you as always.” Butz said and continued following Metty as he walked down towards the launch bay for the Vampire’s Vengeance, Metty’s flagship, leaving behind a stunned into silence command staff. 
 A few minutes after Metty arrived on the deck of the ship the Vampire’s Vengeance, which was still docked inside Marengo’s hangar, the door opened and trough it Adrian came. “All ships and commander ready for duty sir. “ 
“What do we do sir?” One of the lieutenants asked Metty. 
Adrian in particular was the most affected of them all. 
He was a very competent warrior and officer, but he knew he lacked that certain spark of military geniuses that could shape whole maps with their strategies. For he would have never though that the answer to facing a fleet 
of 10.000 
ships, was that you would discard your leave the safety of a fortress walls and charge the enemy fleet with less than 300 ships. 
“We survive of course. All are to follow my instructions.” Metty said and told them his plan and once they heard it their fears were all put to rest. 
“Aye aye sir. All units begin executing the commander’s instructions. And sir….I apologise for…..hesitating earlier……I..I was a coward” Adrian said the last part in a more quiet voice to Metty, with shame in his voice. 
“You are here now, lesser ones would not be.” Metternich replied and this made Adrian’s spirit rise as admiration and loyalty for his commander blossomed inside his soul. 
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Republican Command ship – Will of Triumph. 
“Looks like we’re gonna have an easy early catch. This is a most auspicious start of our campaign.” Admiral A’zule Oras, commander of the 10th Republican fleet said as, with a smile on his silver skinned face he looked at the imperial space station. 
“We are receiving signs of enemy ships exiting the space station.” One of the PULSAR operators reported. 
“Already coming out to surrender are they? Can’t blame the flat ears, after all they are facing us in combat.” A’zule Oras said and the rest of his command staff laugh at his joke. They, as member of a long lived Mo’basan race, who had where renowned for their wit, beauty and skill in combat had a very poor opinion of the Federation, Imperials and the other races of the galaxy. 
“Sir the enemy space station it’s….it’s moving away from us at 30 times light speed!” 
“What! Show me!” A’zule said, the smile leaving his face from the shocking report that he had heard. There was no way a space station could reach such a speed, a speed which was greater than their own fast attack ships, let alone one built by the Imperials of all things! 
“Putting images on main screen!” The PULSAR officer said and when A’zule saw what happened he was flabbergasted. 
The ships that had exited the station, every single ship, fighter, Pegasus rider, merchant vessel available all stuck themselves to the surface of the station and as one their engines and the stations engines blasted at full throttle, giving the station it’s immense speed. 
“All ships engines to max. I want that station captured” A’zule Oras ordered. 
“But admiral, the only way to reach them will be to overcharge our engines, we can’t sustain that for too long.” 
Commodore Co’zarune, the Chief of Staff for the fleet replied. “I will not have our fleet be shammed by….by that! Do as your told or you’ll be relieved of duty!” A’zule threatened and Co’zarune hesitated in doing so, as such the Fleet commander and the Chief of staff now glared at each other in a battle of wills. 
“Sir, we just received a report from one of our agents inside the station.” An aide said and presented the report to A’zule and Co’zarune, breaking their standoff. 
“All engines to max, it doesn’t matter if we overcharge them half to breaking point, we must capture the target on that station!” Co’zarune said first. 
The other personal on the bridge did not know what the message contained, but it meant that whatever the target was on the station, it was worth it to make the more restrained of their two top officers thrown caution to the wind and capture that Marengo at all cost. 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Marengo. 
“Captain, take the Vampire’s Vengeance out of the hangar.” 
“Sir. As the commander your place is on the station’s command bridge, not on the front lines!” 
“Than you for reminding me Adrian.” Metty replied as he continued to observe the enemy fleet as his aide Ensign Butz supplied Metternich with a bottle of water. 
Butz who was a serpentine creature with grey scales that was dressed in the same manor of uniform as the two commodores were. 
But instead of the tricorn caps which he and Adrian wore, this serpentine creature wore a side cap that made it clear he was a staff officer and not a command one. 
His uniform stretched from his neck down to the end of his body, engulfing him entirely in the dark material, the sailor belonged to the Balfarmaini; sentients who where a serpent like race that had no arms or legs, but they made due with a very powerful telekinetic ability which allowed them to levitate and use objects close to their bodies. 
This ability was very handy to the aforementioned Metty, since this was Lieutenant Butz his personal aide who had been with him for almost as long as Adrian had, and served as his assistant, driver, bodyguard, and whatever other role was needed. This 
was pointed out by the fact that Butz’s body was covered in all kinds of pouches filled with everything from food, to drink, to medicine and all kinds of objects and tools, anything that Metternich might need. 
“Sir, as our commander your place is far away from any danger!” Adrian protested the officers and enlisted men on the deck of the Vampire’s Vengeance all nodded in agreement as they looked at their commander. 
“I’d rather swim in blood that be caught on this station while the battle is raging outside!” Metternich said and looked towards them, got up from his seat, put his hands behind his back, puffed up his chest and looked at them as his eyes blazed away with such intensity that they looked like 
pair of twin suns. This sent a chill down the spines of those who witnessed this. For this was clearly a power move from their commander’s part and the way his eyes blaze made them admire the courage and battle lust they saw in his eyes 
“Cause it’s safer in the Vampire’s Vengeance, then on the station. The enemy’s target is Marengo, they will ignore any ship trying to escape it!” Metty thought to himself as he clenched his fists behind in order to clench them so as to overcome the fear gripping him, his eyes always blazed red when his cowardly nature took over him and he sucked in his gut in order to help with the stomach pains that he felt when he was hurling himself into unknown danger. 
“He’s abandoning the safety of the station in order to lead the charge against the enemy! This is…..this is ‘If the King does not lead, then the knights will not follow!’ The first tenant of war of Mighty Tommiris ‘Iris Eyes’!” “Look at the way his eyes blaze, he’s barely containing his lust for battle!” “What a champion!” “What a mighty warrior!” Was the thoughts that came to the minds of Adrian and all the other officers and enlisted personal, they all thought that they were witnessing the rise of a fearsome future legend! “I think I pissed myself from fear.” 
Metty thought to himself as he gave the order for the Vampire’s Vengeance to leave the hangar. 
The Vengeance was a standard imperial corvette, shaped like an arrowhead the same as the many hundreds of thousands, and more, ships of its kind, the Vengeance was different from them by the fact that due to a manufacturing error, it had not one row of engines at it’s rear, but rather 3 sets of engines. 
Someone had made the error of putting those extra sets of engine in the areas where the main weaponry was supposed to go. 
One at the rear, one around the middle and one near its tip. This made the Vampire’s Vengeance too much of a Black Cristal guzzler to be efficient for mass production. 
The Vampire’s Vengeance was in itself a mistake, something that did not belong in the army, so it was no wonder Metternich chose it over other ships. After all he too felt that he did not belong in this madness of war, as such he felt a kinship with the ship. 
That and it was much faster and more manoeuvrable than anything else in the Empire was perfect for a coward like Metty. “All spells and enchantments are ready sir.” 
“You may launch the ship then.” Metty replied and on his commander’s seat farview he watched as the Vampire’s Vengeance left the hangar. 
There was a pair of massive twin doors at the end of the hangar bay. On them there was a depiction of an ancient battle between the Old Ones and the Zmei, of the Miracle of Dodecaziat and many other murals that showed victories for the empire and it’s predecessors. The massive constructs, that stretched the size of a cities walls each, 
withdrew in a pattern that gave the illusion that the depictions of the Imperial side was rising to heaven, while the enemy side fell down defeated. After the gates opened, Metty could see trough the force field that from the intense fire from the enemy fleet, energy crackled and exploded all around every arm’s length of space outside Marengo. Up, down, left right, forwards backwards everything was engulfed in what appeared to be a massive storm of pure energy, that was bigger than a planet. 
And the moment after the Vengeance left the station the enemy barrage became 3 times as worse! 
“Enemy barrage has intensified!” 
“The Republican fleet is accelerating like crazy, they…they are starting to gain on us!” 
Metty heard the reports from the PULSAR and tactical officers, and immediately regretted leaving the safety of Marengo, with an attack as intense as this it would have been safer to stay inside the station. 
 “And I wanted to jump into this madness! What the hell is wrong with me?” 
Captain Metternich thought as he was having second thoughts about his plan to survive, he blinked and Healer Metternich found himself back at the green table room, the card still in his hand, he had stopped just short of flipping it enough to see the other side. 
“What’s wrong with me indeed?” Healer Metty said as he blinked once more and Commodore Metternich witnessed how his troops at Volun 4 were starting to break and run away from the fight. 
Mountain range near Tolina, the capitol of the Planet Maramanakama. 
“Well, what’s your answer then?” Nobody asked a still gaping mouth Tubarin, who was looking at the cloaked figure in disbelief. “F-fine, you be in charge then. It’s not like we’re in a position where we’re going to live to regret it!” 
 Tubarin said in bitterness as he holstered his crossbow. “What’s the plan then commander?” Kalynka asked and took a step forwards. The first to take a step towards Nobody and acknowledging him as their new leader. “You wish to light the fire that will awaken the spirit of your people, correct?” Nobody asked the marans around him. “Yes!” Kalynka said with great resolve in her voice. “Then light it up.” Nobody said and handed her 
a strange device, it made of 
metal that she had never seen before, the shape of a handle. It had two switches, one on front side and one on the top, both switches were covered by metallic shells, that could be flipped open. Though she had never seen such a device, from its’ design she knew what it was. 
“A detonator.” Kalynka said breathlessly. “We’re at the highest peak of the tallest mountain, before the city that is the beating heart of your people, with darkness around us and the enemy before you, what better time to light a beacon than now?” Nobody said and presented her with this opportunity. And before she could comprehend it, analyse it, think it over, she pressed both buttons and activated the detonator. And just like that 
night became day as the whole mountainside beneath them, and the surrounding forest, was rattled by dozens upon dozens of explosions that surrounded the imperial forces, engulfing them in explosions, fire and ash as the woods became ablaze in an inferno. As the fire and flames swallowed half a mountain, another series of light and explosions came from the opposite side of the mountain. Signalling that things would only escalate from here on out. 
 
Volun 4. 
Everything seemed to be falling apart now, it started with the first man that broke rank, then the second, and third and so on and so on as the whole imperial line started to crumble. 
Despite their successful surprise attack earlier in the day, despite the imperial capturing the enemy supplies and surrounding their army after routing it, lady luck decided to smile on the Volunians and Federals, who now had to either kill or die. The encirclement had backfired on the imperials, the ferocity with which their desperate foes struck back was so intense that they were starting to win the battle. 
The imperial troops that surrounded them had the option of fleeing, which they started taking, since the battle had been going on for too long and they had a way out of this desperate struggle. 
Fate it seemed had decided that the empire would loose this day. And from his new position on the hill peak, Metternich had the best view to see how everything was going to pieces. “No…..No….NOOOO!!!!!! I did not survive Marengo to fall in these tafing sands!!” 
Metty shouted in frustration and slammed his fist on the body of the Spider-Wolf Jeep, this was interpreted by Butz as being a sign to drive towards the battle. 
As the jeep carrying Metty rode that way, so do did the ‘special task force’ column of paper mache armoured units. 
Upon seeing this sight the Volunians and Federal troops halted their advance and the Imperial troops rallied once more, now the battles was once more in the balance. 
“Report!” Metty bellowed the minute they were inside the supply base. He jumped out of the jeep, Butz on his tail. 
“Sir! We’ve secured the base! There’s 2.000 tones of energy crystals, 1.450 tones of food and over 100 transport units.” The officer in charge of securing the base, a Scrolunian Captain said, as he saluted from his position on the wall nearest Metty, his dark chitinuos armour like skin reflected the light from another bolt of lighting from the storm above, giving him and the rest of this world an eerie dream like quality. 
“I want every available transport loaded up with crystals and hotwired 
for a ‘cronka cracker’ 
maneuverer now! And get ready to open the western gate on my mark!” Metternich said and immediately moved to help with preparing one of the transports. Metty grabbed on to the ladder attached to one of the transport and started climbing up it’s leg. This transport mode was an NH9 Alephantus transport unit. A giant sized construct in the shape of an ancient six legged, eight tusked Alephantus creature, thought much smaller in size than the actual animal. The construct was so big that the size of the Alephantusu’s toe was bigger that Metty’s height, it was a titanic construct that towered at least 300 meters in height and at least that many times and more in length. It’s was a vehicle whose purpose was to act as a light transport for small payloads. 
After almost a minute of frantic climbing on the ladder, a heavily breathing Metty reached the control room of the transport and started frantically searching for the ignition key. Then he suddenly stopped and remembered that no such thing existed here. “I am not in the institute now…Not now…not yet…” He said to steady his nerves and clear his mind. Returning to his task he looked at the spell board and pressed the proper commands and the right runes, activating the Alephantus. Peering outside the control room he saw that Butz was using his magic to levitate dozens upon dozens of crystal boxes and load 3 Alephantus units all at the same time, by himself. 
Turning his gaze back towards the battlefield, he scanned it for the right area where they would launch them. 
Upon finding the zone where the imperial line looked ready to crumble again Metty stopped for a moment and realized what he was doing, he was about to once more charge into the worse of the fighting, but he did not have time to think of a way to avoid this, so he took his heart in his teeth, strengthened his resolve and was now ready for what was to come. For now he was the cornered rat, worse yet a cornered coward, and it was time to give the Volunians and Federals a taste of what a coward was capable off when he had no place to run. “Listen up, once we clear the gates do a 40 degrees turn northwards. There’s going to be a gap in our lines there and we’re going to plug it. But only start on my mark and my mark alone!” Metty ordered to the other Alephantus transports, as he continued to look at the crumbling section, waiting for the right moment to strike. 
If they went forwards too soon then they be hitting their own lines, too late and the maneuverer would not have it’s intended effect. 
“Now!” Metty said when he saw a small breach appear in the enemy lines and so he piloted the Alephantus forward, the others following his lead. 
As one 
the heard of over 100 
Alephantus giants made their way out of the opened gates of the captured supply base and headed straight for the newly formed gap in the imperial lines. 
They passed the many scores of imperial troopers and charged straight into the enemy lines. As they did so a massive barrage of artillery fire exploded all around the column of metal titans. 
“Maintain formation!” Metty bellowed out as one out of every 5 Alephantus transports had already been destroyed by enemy artillery fire, but they still had to keep formation until they reached the enemy lines. Another barrage of enemy artillery shells exploded near them, reducing the transports to nearly half their numbers. A flash of light from a shell exploded right in front of his transport, blinding Metty for a moment, and when he recovered he found himself on the bridge of the Vampire’s Vengeance. 
Marengo “We’ve lost over two thirds our barrier shields and the Republican fleet is still gaining on us!” Adrian reported to him as Metty quickly 
recovered from the confusion of the sudden leap from past to present. 
All around the space around Marengo the enemy fleet of 10.000 ships continued to fire at them at full spread, from a range so far that 99 out of a hundred shots had no change of coming close to them. 
But the were so many ships and so many shots that enough came close to them that Marengo’s defence was slowly being chipped away. And that was the strangest part of their situation, the ships and station if captured where less in value than the amount of ammo wasted so far by the Republicans. In fact Metty doubted that the scout station’s value combined with every single ship that had docked there in the past year combined was worth even half of the amount of ammo wasted by firing from such a distance. And yet they continued firing and wasting their ammo. 
“Detach all the station’s armour, there’s no ways they can catch up to us then.” Metternich ordered and his crew complied. It took them about an hour to do so, this almost doubled their speed, making the imperials move faster than the republican fleet. 
 But because of the great distance between their fleets, it took at least 4 hours for the Republican’s to see the imperials doing so and because of that the imperials had a 4 hours of putting distance between themselves and the Republican fleet. 
The Republicans then countered the Imperial strategy, but once more because of the distance it took the crew of Vampire’s Vengeance 8 hours until the PULSAR beam left the Marengo, reached the Republican fleet, then bounced back and brought new data on the Republican Fleet. 
“They’ve matched our speed! They must be burning their engines to reach us, why are they doing this? What’s their game? There is no value in this station” Metty thought to himself as he was drinking a cup of kava to help him wake up, the worse part of space battles was just how long they took. “This doesn’t make any sense! The nearest jump point to Imperial space is in the opposite direction of our current heading, why are they all coming after us instead of moving deeper inside imperial territory?” Adrian asked in confusion. 
He expected the enemy to send a division or at the very most half a battlewing after the station to try and capture it. 
But it’s entire fleet after one measly scout station, when there were bigger prizes in the next system? “Why are they acting like this station is the bigger prize? And why are they wasting ammo by firing from such long range?” Metty asked out loud. Normally he would keep such questions to himself, as if to not look weak and not betray his cowardly nature, but the situation was desperate enough that he doubted anyone could put two and two together and unmask him anytime soon. 
“Why don’t they move on already? There’s nothing in this sector of worth, that’s why there’s only a scout station protecting it!” Adrian asked. “It’s also why I pulled every string I had to get command here! This is the last place that a 
major battle would happen, since there’s nothing here. No riches, no major fleet, no strategic importance. It’s a waste of space!” Metty once more pondered in his head, just what could make the enemy act this way? 
 “Sir. I think I may have the answer.” Lieutenant James ‘Butcher’ Centengu said as he entered the deck. 
He was the first officer of the ship and from behind him the logistics officer Sergeant Alega ‘Baker’ Sovorovda came half dragging, half carrying another person in civilian clothes, who had a nasty scar that covered half of his face, with his left cheek completely missing. When they reached Metty, Alega let go of who he was carrying and that person dropped to the ground and looked around in confusion. “A drunkard is the reason 10.000 ships are after us?” Metternich asked, though already he could feel the pain in his stomach intensified to almost unbearable heights. As from the very clothes that he was wearing, that looked like each item from the shirt to his shoes cost more than a decent house in a good neighbourhood, Metty he could tell that this dazed and confused civy was from a very wealthy family. The man dropped before him looked very, very familiar. 
“This is Fireas he’s-“ 
“The son of the Empress and Emperor and the brother of Zulanasai, the deputy Spymaster of the Empire. “ Butz supplied the answer as he moved towards the dazed high noble and gave him some water with lemon to sober him up. 
“Why…..why is he here of all places?” Metty asked as Butz pulled out a bag from Fireas pocket and handed it to Metty. “Kava, 95 degree spirits and…..Elysium powder.” Metty muttered under his breath as the answer presented itself, if the fool that was lying on the floor in front of him had taken this combo, the he’d be seeing music and thinking that the back of his hand was the most wondrous thing in the world. 
“We found a warp capable small shuttle craft in the ship’s hanger bay that did entered the system a month ago and did an emergency dock this morning. The driver there said that he was told by his excellency to ‘keep flying. And they stopped here cause I’m guessing they ran out of friendly territory.” Butcher reported. 
 “Put him in a corner of the bridge and keep an eye on him! Give me a visual on the enemy!” Captain Metternich said to them and they carried out his orders. Metty felt sick to the stomach, fear overwhelmed him to such a degree 
that he felt how the acid in his empty stomach was rising in his throat. 
He now realized why such an overwhelming force was still here in the middle of nowhere and why they were destroying their engines trying to catch them. A single fleet’s loss was resources well spent if it meant shamming the Empire on a galactic scale by capturing the eldest child of the Empire’s leader. 
Who was on his ship, a ship that he Metty would not have been on if he just stayed at Marengo! “What do I do? They’d chase us to the very edge of the galaxy, no matter what we do they’ll stick to our tails….wait……THAT’S IT!” 
“Change our heading to 2-0-8.” Metty ordered, he now had a plan to get out of this mess in one piece. 
“Yes sir!” 
The crew complied and 3 hours later the Republican’s saw the change in Marengo’s course and adjusted their own trajectory. 
“Good, now return to our previous course.” Metty ordered and after this time 3 hours and 30 minutes the Republican’s adjusted their course as well. 


 “ Good, now head onto course 4-5-8.” Metty ordered and once more they complied. 
“Why is he ordering these manoeuvres?” They’re just pointless course corrections all it does is was…OF COURSE!” Adrian realized what his commander was doing and looked at him with newfound admiration in his eyes. 
“Now change heading to 3-4-5.” And so they continued this random course change, all under Metty’s careful instructions, for 3 days and 3 nights Marengo followed a flight pattern which had no rhyme or reason, that was until the fourth day when something incredible was received by the Imperial PULSARS. 
“They…they are starting to eject their engines!” 
“We are detecting many signals of Republican fleet going critical.” 
“The enemy has stopped firing!” 
Where the reports that came from the various tactical officers aboard the bridge of the Vampire’s Vengeance. 
“Our random zigg zagg pattern made the enemy waste more fuel this way and have some of their engines overheat faster this way. We aren’t affected since this is a space station and we have more supplies of fuel, while the enemy has less, very clever sir.” Adrian complemented Metternich. 
“THE REPUBLICANS ARE WITHDRWAING BACK TO THEIR JUMP POINT!” the PULSAR officer replied and the entire crew jumped out of their chairs and gave a great roaring cheer of relief. 
They hugged each other, patted one another on the back and even brought out bottles of spirits to celebrate. This was not allowed on the bridge and was a punishable offense, but even Butz who was a stickler for rules and protocols decided to let it slide, considering their circumstances. “I offer my congratulations on your astounding victory sir.” Adrian said towards Metternich. 
 “The greatest victory is one won without fighting. “Metty said out loud, for once he let his real self-come to the surface, for a moment he abandoned the mask he was wearing and allowed himself a moment of relaxation. 
“All right, listen up. That’s enough celebration for now. We’ll keep our distance until we can confirm that they left the system, after that we head back to recover the station’s armoured platting. Oh and Butz.” 
“Yes sir?” Butz asked from next to Fireas, who had been on a 4 day bender all throughout this battle. 
 “Try and get him to sober up. He should at least be able to stand on his own two feet.” Metty said to his aide and Prince Firea’s head snapped up at that and gave a disbelieving look at Captain Metternich. Metty hoped that 
his words which had the intended effect, and would force the son of the Emperor and Empress to take action and have him sent far away from the front line, away from what other officers would think is the path for career advancement and to a dead end post. Where Metty wanted to go to be safe from the various wars. With that he now felt that the worse was over. A day later they witnessed how the Republican fleet jumped out of the system and after that they returned to recover the armoured plates. 
“CONTACT! ENEMY COMANDOES HAVE BEEN HIDING INSIDE THE ARMORED PLATES!” 
“BREACH IN SECTOR 8 and 9!” 
“We’re getting reports from every ship and from the station! We’re all being boarded!” 
 There and then the door to the Vampire’s Vengeance was blown open and trough it the Republican commandoes struck at the bridge crew and Metty. 
 
Volun 4. 
“Forward!” Commodore Metternich shouted and then leaped out of the control room for the Alephantus, the construct and the ones behind it were just moments away from crashing into the enemy formation. He took magical energy from the crystals on his person and created a vortex of air that slowed down 
his descend of over 300 meters. He landed on the ground right before the Alephantus transports hit the enemy lines and their cargo of energy crystals all exploded from specially set up detonations spells. 
Out of the over 100 transports, barely 7 had managed to reach their target, but those 7 did the job allright. The entire enemy force that had breached their lines and poured trough that gap was struck such a blow that that section of the enemy was no more. 
Metty stood up from where he had landed. 
He looked at the sight before him, now….now he was certain that this time he had definitely won, that the worst was over. Then a stray artillery shell exploded next to him, he took the full force of the explosion and fell to the ground, and stayed there, not moving at all. In the past he thought he had won at Marengo only to be ambushed at the last minute by enemy commandoes , in the present he was winning once more at Volun 4, only to be hit by a stray shell in the hour of his triumph. Survive one struggle, only to face another. 
The more things change there more they stayed the same. 
Or did they? 
For there and then next to the downed Metternich, in the crater made from 
the explosion from the Alephantus charge, the smoke cleared away, revealing a door buried deep beneath the ground. “Told you that if you dig deep enough, you’ll uncover something eventually.” Icarius Reign 
said as he appeared from seemingly out of nowhere next to the downed form of Commodore Metternich per Pelasgiamus, then Icarius walked over to the newly revealed door. 
A door that could only had been opened from the actions of the two warring armies. 
An ancient door to the unknown that would never had been revealed without the two sides cutting each other like harvest wheat. 
And without the magic unleashed by the battle, the door’s 
runes would have never absorbed enough power from it to light up and become functional once morel=; 
“Guess we’ll find out now if you drew the top card.” He gave one last look the downed body of Commodore Metternich, wondering if the man would live through this, before he went on his way towards the door. 
“Oh you poor souls. Always too busy fighting, to even thing of looking at the consequences of your actions.” Icarius says and entered passed the door 
and walked down the underground stairs that lead to an ancient structure that whatever it held, it was something that was meant to be buried and forgotten. 
Icarius now knew that the purpose of why he was in this particular universe, at this particular moment in time lay at the end of this ancient underground structure. 
An object that was horrible enough to be sealed underground and encased in a structure that could only be opened by a war for an entire planet. 
And Icarius had to find it. “Better hurry or I’ll be late.” Icarius said and like a rabbit, down the hole he went. 
Maramanakama. 
“You called the bigger resistance cells here!” 
“Yes, the artillery shots that you saw and heard earlier where my idea.” Nobody as the flashes from the rebel artillery struck the imperial lines. A great roar of battle was heard from the side of the mountain that was opposite of the imperial infantry. “But I am afraid that the infantry attack was not. It seems even the best of plans does not survive first contact with battle. I should not be disappointed anymore, but every single time I go trough this, it’s……it’s heart-breaking to see stupidity always triumph over wisdom.” Nobody told them as from the mountain’s peak they watched bellow as the two armies clashed. 
“Hold formation and fall back one at a time in a peel off manoeuvre.!” General Bartolommeo ordered his troops as the terrorist’s onslaught hit them hard. He had smelled a trap the moment an anonymous tip informed them that the one’s who humiliated 
them in Dukhym had their base in the mountain near Tolina. And for once Prince Gelios has listened to him and did not order an immediate attack based on that suspicious intel. So the general was not going to rush in blindly like in Dukhym. 
 But then something unexpected happened. For as soon as the troops that where on shore leave returned back to Tolina, as soon as they reached Maramanakama’s orbit, they had heard of what happened to the garrison in their absence, anger and a lust for revenge filled them. And as soon as their ship docked the enlisted men and middle to lower ranking officers had charged the mountains, seeking revenge. With hatred in their hearts and the ire of vengeance in their bellies they swarmed the rough 
terrain. 
And now they were being cut down by enemy artillery fire! Bartolommeo rushed to the scene the moment his aide had woken him up from his slumber and told him of what was happening. 
Now that he was here, he tried desperately to salvage this situation. 
The woods on the mountain were so thick that their air cover could not get a proper mark on the enemy artillery positions. But now that the terrorists had launched an infantry assault, now the tide could be turned. 
“Lure them down from the mountain and into the fields, there in open we can surround them and cut them to pieces.” Bartolommeo ordered as the imperial army started it’s oblique withdraw maneuverer. The idea was that the vanguard would break of combat and withdraw behind their rear-guard, then the vanguard unit would become the rear guard and would help cover the withdrawal of previous rear-guard and so on and so forth. It seemed to be working, since the enemy was following them down the mountain slopes and into the fields. But just as they reached the bottom of the mountainside, the enemy stopped and disengaged from combat, withdrawing back up the mountain, in a pattern similar to the ones used by the imperials. Then another artillery barrage was launched against them, to which the imperial army replied with a counter-barrage of their own. 
But then something strange happened, the enemy artillery barrage was starting to die down until no more shots came from the mountain. 
“Terrain advantage, well timed artillery barrages and counter-attacks that stop before we can lure them into a trap. Also he’s silencing his blasters in order to deceive us into thinking that we’ve knocked them out, so we’d charge back up the slope and get butchered again. 
No doubt about it, it’s Alefran allright. He’s the field commander here.” Bartolommeo said as he felt fear grip him. Alefran was a Maran officer that had been a mere Captain back in the war 20 years ago, in which the Empire finally managed to defeat their old foe :The Maran Nation. 
The invasion, who was lead by now High Admiral Gerula, and back then Colonel Cornelia vi Erequiem had been a resounding success, with victory after victory for the 
Empire. 
Except against Captain Alefran of the 834th 
Maran Fleet Division. Alefran had obtained the only Maran victory during the war, and the ceasefire was signed before Gerula or Cornelia could deliver a proper counter-attack to the man’s forces. Thus in this case the imperial swift victory worked against them. 
As Alefran ‘The Corsair’ slipped away and now had been plaguing them for 20 years. “Withdraw to the city in good order. We’re abandoning the field.” “What!? Sir, you can’t mean to withdraw from the damned terrorist after what they did to our boys and girls!” Major Winter, a E’larian- a white skinned reptilian creature with sharp fang like teeth and a long ridged tail said as he lifted his stopped putting his combat helmet on, in preparation for close quarters combat, and looked at his commander in disbelief. 
“The enemy is not just one terrorist cell, but from the strength they amassed here it looks like the majority of them have gathered here. The force that we have to fight them is not strong enough to storm the mountain. We don’t have enough troops to surround and lay a siege. Also the mountain range is to near the city for a fleet bombardment and the forest hides them from our IMPALERS. If we stay here all we’ll do is lose warriors to their bombardment and sniper fire.” Bartolommeo answered. “We should send for reinforcements then!” Major Winters said fiercely. “The nearest allied army is a day away. By then they’ll slip back into the forest and be long gone off world.” 
“So that’s it then? They shame us twice now and we do nothing!” “Compose yourself major! We live to fight another day. But mark my words, we’ll have our vengeance soon enough.” Bartolommeo said to him, making the now angered Major calm and recompose himself. The general turned back to the farview screen that depicted the tactical disposition of his forces. They had withdrawn about half a kilometre from the base of the mountain range, when another great battle cry came and this time enemy infantry charged down the slope once more and out onto the open field! 
“Where is the enemy artillery striking us hardest?” “No artillery general at all general! In fact, unlike before, there seams to be no coordinated battle line amongst the enemy. What’s happening?” Major Winters replied as they watched that 
tactical situation develop before them. “He’s lost control! Alefran is a member of one of the enemy armies. But the leaders of the other terrorist factions are not his subordinates but his allies. They must either be drunk on their initial victory or perhaps they want to make a name for themselves to outshine Alefran. Either way, you know what this means?” Bartolommeo asked Major Winters, with a huge hungry grin on his face. Now Alefran’s overwhelming 
success was working against him. Just like it happened to the Empire 20 years ago. 
“It means they are down the mountain and into the open…..it means…it means that we can our revenge!” Major Winters said in joy at the prospect of cutting down countless foreigners. “See son. I told you we’d have our revenge soon enough!” Bartolommeo said and immediately he started to redirect his troops to take advantage of this development. 
 Meanwhile, atop of the mountain 
“Arms yourselves and follow me. It’s time for the endgame.” Nobody said to Ahmaiano’s’ group, it was time for the decisive blow and to accomplish one of the objectives for which Nobody orchestrated the events of this night. Kalynka’s group was now thrilled to be joining the battle against the Empire. So thrilled that none of them questioned why they were gearing up in the imperial arms and armour that they had stolen during the fight in Dukhym. 
 The Temple beneath Volun 4. Icariu’s location. 
He had taken another unexpected turn to the right as he descended the stairway, then another right turn on a stairway that this time lead upwards, then another one that lead down, then up, then down, then up. Realizing that something was off Icarius put down the lamp that he was using to light his path on the stairway’s corner, right before a right turn. He went down the stairs, as he did so the light of the lamp from behind him faded until only a darkness remained around him. 
Using his hands to guild himself along the walls he could see light coming from above, he reached the very edge of the light and there was another stairway that lead up and there was the very lamp that he had left behind. 
“An impossible staircase that loops around itself and never ends. That’s a bit disappointing, I was hoping for something more original.” Icarius said as he sat down in a meditative stance. 
“You will pay for your insolence.” An ancient voice echoed from the darkness. 
“I heard those words before.” Icarius replied in an almost bored tone of voice. 
 “Foolish mortal. I am the guardian of this realm, created by the Ancients themselves! They were old when the starts where not yet young, they were mighty before when the universe itself was 
weak. They poured the first grain in the Sands of Time and will return to see the last one’s drop. And I embody all of their might and wisdom. Not even in a thousand years could you overcome me!” 
“Again, I heard those words before.” 
“You are a bold one, I will give you that. But still a fool, what can a mere mortal like you, who I sense has no magic, no powers, no strength can do to?” 
“Oh we mere mortals have one special power. We never give up.” Icarius said before he closed his eyes and started humming under his breath a song that helped him focus his mind. 
 “Are you cold tonight? Do you worry tonight? Are you sad tonight? Well tomorrow will come, With the first rays of sun, 
And tonight will be here no more.” 
All around him the stairways collapsed, the walls broke apart the darkness torn itself in two as the ancient voice screeched at him. “WHAT! HOW?!” 
“You said it yourself, that not even a thousand years could I overcome 
you. So I simply gathered a thousand and one years worth of willpower inside my mind and used that to overcome you. And I thank you for giving me the answer to this conundrum.” Icarius said as he got up and now made his way not down, nor up, but forwards along the true corridor of this temple that hidden in the sands and opened by war. 
“IMPOSSIBLE! WHAT YOU ARE DOING IS IMPOSSIBLE!” The voice screeched as it started to disintegrate as the darkness and the impossible stairs faded away. 
“I heard that before.” 
“CURSE YOU!” the voice said before it disappeared forever. 
“I heard that too. There is nothing that I haven’t seen or heard before” Icarius said as he reached the end of the corridor, where a door laid locked shut. 
He opened it and peered inside. 
“Well, this is unexpected.” 
 
 Marengo. 
 “Boarding party has infiltrated the ship!” One of the security officers on the bridge shouted into his comm crystal in order to call a security team to the bridge. Now they had to hold out until they arrived. 
As the doors where blown apart the Republican invaders flooded trough, one such soldier flew straight towards Metty, who did not have his helmet on, the Republican soldier raised a two handed axe. 
 The axe descended straight for 
Captain Metty’s head. 
Unknown Realm 
Darkness all around now engulfed Commodore Metternich. Or was it now Captain Metternich? Healer Metternich? Which one was the real one? Metternich thought to himself as he tried to remember what just happened, and where he was. 
For all around him darkness reigned now. So he did the one thing that all do when they were desperate and had no answer to their surroundings. 
He prayed. 
“Green of grass. Spring come of rain. We died to be born again. Come again to this world from the realm of youth without age and life without death. Come again and be reborn. I am the clam that tries to keep the roaring see in it’s shell. The first and last step on the journey of ten thousands miles I take without hesitation for nothing worthwhile is easy. I triumph over everything that stands before me, and if you are pleased with me. Send the signs, unity amongst my people, rain for our lands, triumph over the foe!” 
 He prayed with the faith of the soldier towards the ancient god of his ancestors. 
“Zamolxes, called Gebeleizes. I stand before you blind and ignorant, though I am but a clam that tries to hold the whole raging sea in it’s shell, all I ask is for you is nothing but what I deserve, no more, no less.” 
To the one above all. The master of thunder and lightning. 
“May you find me worthy to come in the land of ‘Was there or not’ Where there is ‘youth without age and life without death’. Find me worthy to see the forever plains that can be traversed in a single step, yet stretch out for eternity, of the land that all may witness, but few can actually see. I stand before such a place and ask that you judge me fairly and give me no more and no less than what I deserve.” 
 
And silence was his only reply 
 
“Fool…I’m a fool…..why would I think that would work?” Commodore Metternich thought to himself as he closed his eyes as a bitter smile graced his lips. So he survived Marengo only to die here in these forgotten sands. 
“Foolishness is the curse of youth. You are not to blame for that curse.” 
 Upon hearing that voice Metty immediately opens his eyes and saw that he was not in an endless sea of darkness. 
In fact he realized wasn’t in darkness at all. 
Rather he was in a place that his mortal mind could not comprehend yet, his eyes could not really understand what he was seeing, so that was why he saw nothing, for nothing he had seen before could be compared to what was surrounding him. 
“Who are you? What are you?” 
“The one that you beseeched. Zamolxes, called Gebeleizes, called Belaizis and Belaixus. What is the matter?” 
Upon hearing those words Metty cried there and then. It was clear to him what was happening. 
“What is the matter my child? You called me and I answered, few can say that of their gods. Why are you shedding tears of despair when your prayers have been answered?” 
 “Because you’re not real! You’re just something I made up from watching ancient carvings and remembering half forgotten stories from ancient history. You’re just the long forgotten figment of my ancestors imagination. Your followers long gone, your temples long crumbled, you’re a fake god that never existed. A lye that I spun from another lye and told it to my troops in order to seem more wise than I am, or look like a religious nut so I could use it somehow to escape the battlefield. Foolish words that came out of my mouth in times of desperation as the madness of war surrounded me and now it has engulfed me! A lye that I told myself to make me feel better. That there was something higher up keeping me safe. When there’s nothing in the sky but the stars and the cold void of space! This isn’t real, it’s just my brain hallucinating as I lay dying on the battlefield!” 
Metty said as the tears now flowed freely, he felt his frame shake, his breathing become rapid. 
“You’re the mad ramblings of a coward! You’re not real, 
you never were! And the reason you came before me is that I’ve lost my mind and you’re my hallucination from insanity.” 
 “So what?” The voice said back. 
The tears stopped there and then, the breathing calmed down, the shake in his frame disappeared and Commodore Metternich looked in astonishment at in the indescribable void, at the manifestation of his madness. Madness that brought him back to sanity. 
 “So what if I am not real? What if I am but the whispered lye born out of a forgotten song from ages past? Are my teachings wrong? Do the lessons they give have no value? Why must the good of them be denied because they sprang up from a made up dream, from a flight of fantasy? Does not everything start out as a flight of fantasy before it becomes reality?” 
Metty is silent at that, he just continued to stare without comprehension at what was beyond comprehension, as it gave him the answer. 
 “Amazing, for all your wisdom and knowledge that allowed you to cheat death countless times, you still have forgotten the words that you just said a short while ago.” 
“What words?” 
“Tell me young one, did you not say that you are like a clam that tries to hold the raging sea in it’s shell? Did you not ask that I judge you fairly and give you no more and no less than what you deserve?” 
No answer came from Metty, all he could manage was to continue to listen with heightened attention and rapture in his soul. 
“Well, I did and this is my judgement: ‘You wish to live, to leave this place. You wish for a miracle.’ Well if that is what you need then earn it! Miracles are not cheap, nor are they given to the unworthy. You want to defy death, do it! Stop whinnying and start winning. Stop despairing and start devising. You want a miracle, forge one of your own! Nobody is going to change the world. So you have to do it on your own, with your own wits and guts. You want a future beyond this, forge it!” 
 “But…but, how?” 
“Remember the lies that you told and the truth inside them. You are a faithful of Zamolxes and my champions the Crai, can do anything. You are a Crai young one.” 
“Then with me they finally perish, for I’m the last of The Old Crai!” 
“No, not the last of the old, the first of the new.” 
Realization struck Metternich. 
Or perhaps it was either the blow to his head that nocked him down creating permanent damage. 
Either way Metty realized that the future was his, there was always time to change it. It was never to late to recover. 
So he gathered all his willpower. 
 Nothing happened. 
So he gathered twice as much willpower than before. 
Nothing happened then either. 
Ten times, a hundred times, ten thousands times he steeled all his strength, all his courage, all his fear inside of him. Once more nothing happened. But he did not stop. Metty had already fallen down the very pit of despair, there was nothing else to do, but rise! 
And when he was still surrounded by darkness he pressed on, until finally he opened his eyes. 
Volun 4. 
Pain coursed throughout his frame, his lungs felt like they were on fire, his chest felt like one of the Alephantus transports had sat on it. 
But there was no time to process the philosophical implications between the posterior of large animals and the battle performance of space fleet commodores and recovery from near death experiences. 
That was a tale for another time. 
 As he opened his eyes the first thing Metty witnessed was another stray artillery shell exploding near his position, just like the one that had send him into that pitch black unknown that he barely managed to claw his way out off. 
“I did not survive the darkness only to fall now!” He roared and got up from the ground and started running. Witnessing this Metty was now angry , his blood was up, he was a coward that was pushed, to the very dark place of madness, where he felt the embrace of death be near and like a cornered rat that would jump at 
a tiger’s throat, Metty recovers and charged forward. 
 He ran so fast that he caught up to the imperial warriors that had charged for the breach created by the Alephantus charge, Metty now had so much speed that he ran past them and charge straight into the enemy lines. 
“What am I doing!?” Metty’s wits returned to him as fear gripped him once more. 
That fear and cowardice, that was now so mighty, so overwhelming that nothing could stand in his way to survive the battlefield. His eyes now blazed like two twin suns as he ran towards the enemy ranks, hoping to break through to safety. The Volunians and Federals that faced him had survived the Alephantus explosion, yet now, the sight before them, of the crimson eyed warrior charging their ranks, his blade lighting, his battle cry thunder, his eyes twin supernovas, they would knew the true meaning of terror. 
Forgetting his efforts to keep his true skill hidden, Metty charges his weapon with one of his most powerful spell, one that unleashed a great white light that made the whole enemy line recoil and cover their eyes away from it’s brightness. 
With that Commodore Metternich per Pelasgiamus, The Fox of Marengo, Headmaster Metty charged the enemy lines and struck with all his fury, creating a gapping hole in them. 
The imperial upon seeing this immediately respond in kind. 
Those that broke away rallied behind him. 
Those that held the lines pushed forward. And those faced the imperial tide scattered and ran. 
All who marched under the imperial banner now followed the Fox of Marengo into the breach. After this moment they would follow him into the gate so hell itself. 
 That was the true power of Metternich per Pelasgiamus. 
Despite secretly being one of the biggest coward in the Empire, he also was one of the most talented rising starts in it. For his cowardice had driven him to create spells that would bypass any defence, any runes, any counter curse on his foe and would strike in a way that manage to disorientate or stun them long enough for him to escape. Fear of destruction had pushed Metty to become destruction itself! And these spells, while not lethal, also had a tremendous effect on the battlefield, for by disabling the foes before him, he now made them vulnerable to his allies on the battlefield. 
Thus the true testament of his power was the synergy that this spell had with the imperial troops around him. 
For they also renewed their attacks upon the now blinded foe and with that the entire enemy line broke and ran. 
The tide if turned now for the final time as the Volunians and Federals finally broke for the last time. And now their rout was permanent. “Looks like you get a reprise on your death monster, you and you’re fellow demons will however find it to be a short one!” Turneissnen said to his opponent Colonel Von Braun as he used whatever was left of his energy supply along with his now routing troops for his last throw of the dice. 
“That’s not something a dead man should say!” Werner shouted back, bloodlust and the arrogance of certain victory evident in his voice. As he charged his opponent, intending to stop Turneissnen before he could complete the spell. But it was too late. 
The priest slammed his hands into the ground beneath and from them came forth a huge dome like construct. One that the federals and volunians quickly entered it and closed it’s gates to prevent the Empire, and unfortunately their comrades that were not fast enough from entering it. 
The 378th corps now starred en mass at the new structure that rose before them. 
This was a great fortress that was impenetrable by both land, sea or sky. And so confronted with this new development they did the only thing they could. 
They cheered wildly! 
For this was the spell that every army used as a last resort, one last stronghold summoned with the very last drop of their magic. This meant that the Empire had won the day! The planet of Volun 4 was theirs and theirs alone! 
“Easy sir, easy. You need not strain yourself any further.” The voice and face of Butz said as his aide grabbed him as he was about to loose his footing from fatigue. “What time is it?” 
“It’s about 11 : 55 now sir.” Butz told him. “Status?” “We’ve sustained 2.500 dead and 6.000 wounded and after the Alephantus strategy that you employed sir, it seems that we now have about 20% of the enemy’s supplies and rations left sir.” “Get orders to all commanders. We are to immediately get as many ships in the air as possible. How long will that take?” 
“I’d say about 2 hours sir.” 
“Then I’ll be on the first ship in the air so I can ‘motivate’ the others to shave the time down to one.” 
Metty said in what he hoped was anger born out of exasperation for inefficiency from his troops performance. He was too exhausted to play the dashing hero for now. “And more importantly, I’ll be on the first ship out of this cursed rock.” 
But it also took all of his willpower not to immediately do a small dance of joy. 
The battle was over, he had survived it, and now he would be on the first ship 
of world and back to friendly lines. For a moment Metty thought that he was now home free. But only for a moment, for that was all it took for everything to be turned on its head “Incoming transitions from our PULSAR HQ. Enemy scout ships has been spotted in the system. We estimate that it will be here in 50 minutes time.” 
Butz reported, there and then his eyes blazed away once more as fear gripped him since he now had just gotten himself once more into the danger. 
The battle was over, he had survived it, and now he would be on the first ship 
of world that would be facing multiple enemy ships. 
Thunder and lightning struck the field behind him there and then. 
Zalmoxes seemed pleased at his actions. 
“Oh, shut up already.” Metty said to the storm above, with an annoyed tone in his voice. 
That was the only reply he could muster, sometimes one was so overwhelmed with fear and dismay of what was to come that all one could do was reply with gentle annoyance, smile and laugh about it. This was heard by all the soldiers and sailors around him. They turned and all they saw was their commander, who after leading them trough this hard fight was now looking to the sky, his eyes blazing away with an annoyed look on his face as a small smile was forming on his lips. As if he was challenging heaven itself to a fight he knew he could win. Once more his reputation would grow. And once more it would come back to bite him, but not today. 12 o clock and all was well. 
The Occupied Territories, Maramanakama, Tolina. 
They came out of the forest, with Nobody leading them they ambushed what looked like to be a command post. At first joy filled their hearts as Ahmaianos and his comrades were certain that they had just taken out one of the enemy’s command HQ’s. 
Then they realized that the ones they killed 
and captured were not only officers. But officers of the rebellion. They had just attacked their comrades! 
“You tonurs will suffer greatly for this, do you have any idea who I am?” 
“Grand Carnetzar Malkoral and your chief of staff is Grand Carnetzar Mo’ kla Abal. You are the two leading figures of the ‘separatist movement’ within the various rebellion and terrorist organizations that oppose the empire in this sector. You are the leaders of those who oppose the creation of 
a truly unified organization and instead you do whatever it takes to keep the various resistance movements divided. To ensure your power remains unchallenged or because you truly believe this is the best way for your country, or perhaps a bit of both. The true reason matters not, all that matter is that you’ve blocked any attempt at unity for 20 years now” Nobody said as he approached the two kneeling officers and their still alive personal. Nobody took out a farview recorder and prepared it for filming. 
 “ A pity that such influential individuals had been cut down by imperial troops in this skirmish. But on the bright side with you out of the way, the move to unifying the various resistance groups will flourish with your absence.” He said, and there and then Kalynka, Ahmaianos, Karamus, Duburius and Usanthus, Daiamar, Maiamar, and Paiamara all realized why before leading them here Nobody had made them equip the imperial armours that they had stolen at Dukhym. And now….. Nobody had ordered them to murder their own countrymen in cold blood. 
“You can’t be serious! They are our people, our blood!” Tubarin protested with horror in his voice at what expected of them. “Yes, they are.” Nobody replied in a bored tone of voice. Many of them were about to add further protest to that, but Nobody silenced them before they could even say a word. “You said that you were all willing to pay the price that was necessary in order to create a new future for your country. Well the first price to be paid is with their blood. Also, 
look at their eyes.” Nobody told them to look at their victims eyes. 
“Beyond the fear and horror of what their fate may be, there lies the anger and hatred for you. The unspoken oath that they will come for revenge for this action. If you don’t kill them now, they will come after you tomorrow. Do you all wish to die?” 
Nobody told them what to do. And just like before Kalynka was the one that took the first step forward. 
“Stop…we are still your countrymen, we have the same blood, the same skin! Are you imperial swine to swing your blades and spill our holly blood!?” Malkoral pleaded with them. 
“Yes. You are our countrymen, and I am here to fight my own people.” Kalynka said with tears now started to stream down her eyes, before she covered her face fully with the imperial helmet’s face guard and stabbed Colonel Malkoral in the throat. 
The others followed suit, 
and stabbed Grand Carnetzar Mo’ kla Abal and the rets of the staff in cold blood. “Excellent. Their deaths will turn them into martyrs which will help unite the various resistance groups.” Nobody said as he finished recording what looked like to be the cold blooded execution of two high ranking prisoners by imperial troops, before sending it on the galaxy’s farview web. After that he took out a comm crystal and activated it’s holographic 
communications option. And from it the head of Alefran ‘The Hero of the War’ ‘The Corsair’ sprung to life. “Has your objective been completed?” “Yes. Though I am surprise that there was an infantry assault. If I recall you advised against it.” “Unfortunately the troop’s blood was up. All we can do now is withdraw with the ones that I managed to hold back and the ones that reach our lines before the enemy counter-attacks.” Alefran replied to Nobody’s enquiry. 
 “And the ones that are still fighting? What about those encircled by the imperials?” 
“We save what we can save.” Alefran said and the transmission ended. As all around Nobody, his allies starred in disbelief at the comm crystal and what they just witnessed. 
“He….But that was Alefran…the Hero of the War he….this was his….he planned this…..why?” Kalynka asked in shocked dismay, she could barely breath from the mental blow that she just withstood. She was the first willing to do what was needed to be done. She had the strongest will of all, but even she was shocked to the core of what just happened. 
So was the other rebels. All except Ahmaianos who knew in his mind that these kinds of things happened all the time and Tubarin, who knew in his gut what happened behind closed doors. “Because he’s a great military leader. And this is what they do.” 
“But….but he is a hero!” Kalynka shouted in despair at what she witnessed, at what she just did. “Yes, and he’s doing his part most splendidly. And now it’s time to go. We must depart before the rebel factions melt away and disappear, and the Empire swarms this place. Come, I will lead you to safety and after that we can continue towards our own individual objective.” Nobody lead them down the dark path of night. They could still hear the sound of fighting as bit by bit it faded away in the distance. 
This would be a great victory for their rebellion, but none of them felt like celebrating. 
And not just 
because of the horrid action that they just committed. 
What truly troubled them was that this heinous act, this betrayal of the blood, would actually lead to a better future for their people. 
Now the various maran rebel groups would start to unite because of their actions. What happened here? They had triumphed. They….had….triumphed. 
A quarter to twelve and all is well. 
 
Volun 4. Imperial Cruiser ‘Saltpans’ 13:04 local time The playing card on his person was starting to become heavy, making his pocket feel like it carried a two tone rock inside it. Metty looked at the PULSAR screen that showed the incoming enemy formation. It was a full squadron of 10 destroyers lead by a battle cruiser. And facing them was about 10 imperial corvettes lead by a cruiser. In short terms they were facing an enemy that had ships with similar speed levels, but more armour, firepower, shields and fighters, Pegasus, BEGS and Impaler bombers. 
“All ships full speed ahead. Set a course heading 4-8-9.” Commodore Metternich told them. “That course will take us on to a direct intercept the enemy! He’s buying time for the rest of the fleet to withdraw!” Was the collective thoughts of the bridge crew and the other ships captains once they heard their commander’s orders. “That course will take us to the nearest jump point away from here!” Was in fact Metty’s true motivation. “Course set for all ships my lord.” Adrian said to him. Adrian was looking worse for wear, he had fought the longest and the hardest. With only Colonel Von Braun coming in as a close second. And because of that Adrian looked ready to collapse from exhaustion. “Good. Give a message to the other ship captains. Prepare to abandon ship, all personal are to abandon ship and tell them to initiate protocol 21.” Metty ordered and immediately the whole bridge crew stopped what they were doing and looked at him in shock. 
“Sir, we are calling to confirm protocol 21.” Was the immediate comm hail from the captains of the corvettes. “Yes. Protocol 21 is a go.” Metty said with annoyance in his voice. “You heard the commander! Initiate protocol 21 and then begin evacuation.!” Adrian said, quickly making the still shocked and dismayed crewmen and captains get back to work. “You disapprove Adrian?” Metty said as they after about 20 minutes of preparations, they abandoned the ship and were in an armoured shuttle. “I cannot say sir, for I would be lying if I said that I can understand your mind-set. But your plans have lead us to victory before, so why I can understand it, I consider it not very sporting.” Adrian replied. 
“Not very sporting? We are in a war and this lunatic thinks this is not very sporting! And judging by the looks of the crew they all agree with him. Every single dammed man and woman in the fleet is insane and they all gather around me!” 
Metty lamented as he followed the evacuations proceedings of his ships and saw how the now crewless imperial ships got into firing range with their Volunian counterparts. 
Or rather they saw what happened several minutes ago. 
Once more the distance between the ships and the evacuation shuttles was so great that by the time it took for light or even the faster than light PULSAR wave to bounce back and show them what happened, the events had already happened and they where watching a sort of ‘replay’ of the events. 
And what happened several minutes ago was that ‘protocol 21’ was in effect. Which meant that they would abandon ship and program it to ram the enemy ships. And that was what just happened. At the right moment the imperial ships adjusted their course, just as they were about to pass by the more heavily armed and armoured Volunian counterparts, and crashed into them head on! The explosion that they came about was nothing short of a star’s birth in smaller form. A wave of particles and light danced with a golden-bluish glow that formed a small supernova as 20 ships collided and turned into one huge ball of light. It was an eerie sight, to witness such an explosion and yet to hear no sound of it from the vacuum of space. And no sound came from those in the evacuation shuttles. They only looked on in with dismay in their eyes. They were grateful in their hearts that they had won, but there was still dismay at having to sacrifice their ships. For protocol 21 was a last resort and loosing one’s ship was the greatest taboo for any sailor. “Always wanting to fight, refusing to do what needs be done in order to win. Bloody fools! Crazy taffers….can’t wait to be rid of you all” Metternich thought to himself in anger. They had just faced and annihilated a stronger opponent after they had already fought and won a hard battle and yet they were not happy because of how they won. 
“Tell the rest of the shuttles to get back to Volun 4 and get the evacuation under way. Move this ship to adjust course. We’ll stay here to act as scouts to give the main column a heads up if anymore ‘scouts’ come knocking.” Metty ordered, the Saltans was the only ship that did not participate in protocol 21 
“And from here I’ll be able to run away much easier than from Volun 4. And if more scouts come, then I can say I could not re-join the 378th and was forced to flee!” 
Metty thought to himself with glee as the rest of the shuttles left. 
“Movement from the impact zone…it’s…IT’S THE ENEMY FLASGHIP!” 
The report came from the PULSAR operator as the surviving volunian battle cruiser came out of the field of light, debris, space dust and death. It’s hull was cracked, it’s shield was non-existent, it looked like a haunted ghost ship that somehow crawled it’s way back from the underworld. There and then the Volunian command ship activated it’s melee S class Spell. ‘The Shadow of the Colossus’ and from it a great form of pure magic given physical shape emerged. Energy twisted around the damaged cruiser until it was now surrounded in pure magic that took the shape of a mounted knight. 
A green ethereal, ghostly presence. A revenant come to enact vengeance on it’s tormentors and it lowered it’s lance forward and headed towards Metty’s isolated shuttle that also activated it’s ‘Shadow of the Colossus’ spell, but this one was dwarfed in size by the half crippled, but still mightier Volunian ship. The Volunian ship now had the form of an armoured knight riding a dragon with a great long lance, while the imperial one had the shape of a smaller shape of an armoured soldier on horseback, ridding a pegasus and armed similar yet shorter weapons than its foe. And now the enemy shipped charged the smaller and weaker Imperial one. 
Marengo. 
There was now no way out. 
The enemy blow was a palms length away from sticking him. All he could do was close his eyes and grip his chair, which was bolted down, while the axe blow fell onto Captain Metternich. Unknown Realm. 
 “What now?” Healer Metty said, finding himself in the room with the green table, still holding the unflipped card that he drew when he was Commodore Metternich on Volun 4. 
“Did I die on Volun 4 an is this all my life flashing before my eyes? Or was I struck down at Marengo and up until now I was living in a nightmare where I was a commodore? Or maybe…..maybe this is all in my head, I mean space ships, giant fleets, battles in the desert with giant robot animals all lead by an officer that’s a giant chicken. And I all leap back and forth, up and down between them and here……It sounds to insane to be anything more than a dream. Or are you all gonna look me in the eyes and say I’m wrong?” Healer Metty said to the other occupants of the table. 
Namely Captain Metternich who was a moment’s away from the end of the battle of Marengo, and Commodore Metternich who was about to face the wounded battle cruiser on Volun 4. 
Past, present, future, all gazed at each other and found that they had no answer to give. 
“Reality has no obligation to give you anything. Let alone answers.” The voice of Icarius Reign was heard as he stood in the now opened doorway and stepped inside the room. “I on the other hand, am an expert on searching and finding the answers to many questions.” Icarius said and slammed his hand on the green table, breaking it, with that the dark room shattered as if it was made of glass. And shards of reality itself broke and fell on all 4 occupants of the room. Who ducked, covering their eyes from what was happening. There and then the spell was broken, their minds were free. At Marengo Captain Metternich opened his eyes, look at the wielder of the axe and spat death in the face as he summoned his Omega Spell and used it to give himself a huge glow of light, that blinded his attacker and allowed him to dodge the blow. 
At Volun 4 Commodore Metternich opened his eyes and summoned once more his Omega Spell ‘Age of Empires’, powering up the magic inside of him, he summoned his most powerful attack and embedded it in the weapons of their own Colossus. At Marengo he could summon a flame that was so intense, it created a blinding light. Now, 3 years latter that fireball became a small star that he placed at the very tip of their own knight’s lance. “You get one blow Adrian! Don’t waste it!” Metty said to his knight, who had taken over the duty of piloting the ‘Colossus’ in this great joust of two titans in space. While back at the institute, Healer Metty threw the doors open, stepped out of the green room and headed to the roof. Once there he looked to the sky and let out a mighty roar as the thunderstorm above reached its peak as back on Volun 4 the two Colossi made out of magic duelled 
above a world at war. 
“I can’t comprehend what’s happening or what are you thinking with all of this. But I do know that for the past 3 years I have been rigid and uncompromising in my thinking. That is why I follow you sir Metternich. You have that gift, that eye that can see the hidden path’s and the guts to find them and use them. I 
know that I am currently not able to come up with plans like yours. That I am far from your level.” Adrian thought as at Volun 4 he charged the much bigger and stronger enemy knight. 
The old Adrian would have faced him head on, just like at Marengo and on the sands of Volun4. But the Sand of Time flowed on and with them the old fades away and the new comes. So this new Adrian instead of using the lance, that had the strength of 
star in it’s tip to strike the enemy, instead he threw it at the opposing Colossus knight’s right side. This forced the enemy to focus on that and move it’s shield to deflect the now flying lance. “But I promise you this!” 
Adrian then changed directions abruptly, a moment ago he would have passed the enemy on his right, but now he passed him on his vulnerable left and struck hard with a mace, his backup weapon and struck the killing blow at his foe. “Than I am no longer the fool I was in the past. I have changed and I will continue to change until I can finally understand and come up with plans like you’re my liege. Until I become the best I can be!” While in the past at Marengo the drunkard Prince Fireas, jumped at the attacking Republican and struck him with his bare hands, with so much fury that his foe collapsed on himself. 
His lungs topped working from the might of Firea’s attacks. 
Fireas then gragged the two handed axe, and using the spike at the tip of it, he jammed it straight into the foe’s eye visor and into his brain killing him there and then. 
At Volun 4, two knights fought, one won, the other lost. At Marengo a Captain cheated death, and a prince had risen from decadence. At the Institute, a healer took the first step on the long journey of healing himself. And at the Occupied Territories, the fires of war on the mountain finally faded/ 
And in the ancient temple, Icarius found his answers. 
 “Riddle of Wrath. A type of supreme magic used by the Ancients against their enemies. This was activated by the battle above. It’s some kind of magic that latches onto it’s prey and tries to break their minds by making their conscious leaping trough time and reality in order to make them go insane not just in the present, but in the past and other places beyond the mirror.” Icarius said as he walked up next to healer Metty, who was on the roof. “Is this real? Or is the other side reality?” Healer Metty asked him, by now he was not surprised by the presence of Icarius after the man had just disappeared into thin air earlier. He had seen to much to be shocked or stunned anymore. 
“Nobody knows the answer to that. All I know this is what it is, and my job here for today is done, so I’ll be moving on.” Icarius said before he disappeared from both this plain of reality and form the Temple beneath Volun 4. 
“It is what it is….today’s job is done, time to move on.” Healer Metty said as at the same time across time, space and reality. 
Healer Metty, Commodore per Pelasgiamus and Captain Metternich all moved towards their futures that now seemed to be so promising. 
“You’re Omega Spell is most impressive sir.” Oscar said from the comm screen. Commodore Metternich was currently on the bridge of the biggest ship in orbit, which would serve as his flagship while the evacuation was underway. 
“That was not my Omega spell, that….that was just a side effect of it.” Metty blurted all of a sudden as he closed his eyes for a moment’s worth of peace as he slumped back in bridge’s command chair. 
He was so tired from the battle, the strange leap across time, space and reality, and the doubt on whether it had all been real or was he just loosing his mind from the strain of the war, that he forgot to keep his powers hidden. Then it hit him! There and then Commodore Metternich realized what just happened and opened his eyes and stared in abject horror at the fact that he just made his reputation as a daring hero even bigger! “No….no more!” At Marengo, Prince Fireas pulled out the axe from the skull of the now dead attacker. Fireas grabbed the Elysium powder and booze that he had on his person and threw them in the nearest garbage chute. “Never again!” The Prince said as turned towards Captain Metternich and gave a salute with his weapon, that doubled as a pledge of honour. While on the rooftop of the institute lightning struck from a storm above. That lighting was felt across time, space and reality by Commodore Metty, Captain Metty and Healer Metty. “Zamolxes.” 
“Zamolxes.” “Zamolxes.” 
The trio whispered there and then, and their words echoed throughout past, present and reality. Commodore Metternich from his throne like chair, Captain Metty from his place surrounded by warriors after his first great victory and Healer Pelasgiamus from atop the balcony. 
“Who is Zamolxes?” the question was asked by 
troopers at Marengo, at Volun 4 and at a madhouse. Captain Metty, Commodore Metty and Healer Metty said nothing, only closing his eyes for a well-deserved rest. Turning a mildly curious audience, into one that was now hooked and wanted to hear more. With that Metternich got even more fanatic followers that thought him to be a battle lusting war hero, who would lead them to glory. 
 
 
“Lord what fools these mortals be.” Nobody said as he opened up his mysterious book, to a page marker, that was an ace of spades and joker card. And used this card as the final piece in the spell he had been preparing. 
This was the final component to his true purpose in the Occupied Territories. He was now alone in the Temple atop of the mountain West of Tolina. There the ground beneath him lit up as on the pillars and map that he used for his theatrics with Kalynka’s group, runes lit up, runes similar to the ones on Volun 4. Only much bigger and much more powerful runes. 
And just like on Volun 4, these runes opened 
a door that was only be opened by a great battle ragging above it. 
By a war that engulfed not just a world, but one that would engulf many world now. A war and battle that Nobody had engineered and manipulated the Maran Rebels, and the Empire into, thus tricking all of the above into becoming his keys and opening this door. 
Nobody stepped inside the ancient temple. 
Mountain Range outside Tolina. 
“During these past few months I have watched you all carefully and I have found you all brimming with potential, because of this I am giving you all a letter of commendation and recommendations for posting at the general staff back home in Temperland. All of you will now to assume you posts there. Some of you may consider this a punishment for taking you away from the front lines, but the general staff is the fastest way for promotion to field command. And after today.” General Bartolommeo said as he turned his eyes from the junior to middle ranking officers he was addressing, back towards the seemingly endless field that was full of body bags on one side and stretchers on the other, a smoky mountain that would surely become a rally point for the rebels in this country, and then back to the before mentioned officers. 
“We will require capable field commanders in the very, very near future.” Bartolommeo dismissed them there and then and moved to check his watch, it had been a long night and an even longer day to recover from the battle. And hopefully have enough time to plan the next one. As he did so a spider watched him intently, it’s eyes saw all of his actions and it’s eyes would report it to it’s master. It was now 12 o clock once more. 
“Midnight, the witching hour, the hour of changing, twelve o clock, dapura, ishnukaia, a moment in the day and night with a thousand names and countless roles.” he scribbled away as he gazed at the world bellow. 
“To some, twelve o clock signifies the end of peace.” Metternich used the universas monitor on his seat to gaze at the rear guard of his fleet, as it made its way towards the jump point, which was on the other side of the system. 
He looked at the vacant rear as if the enemy fleet was about to appear behind them and in a few days time they probably would, so he savoured their absence for as much as he could. Thousands where not dead, anything of value on Volun 4 was mostly destroyed. ,They had barely enough supplies to survive, they had taken heavy casualties, abandoned the planet they were supposed to take and were being pursued by a much stronger foe. 
What happened to them? 
They won, now they had the next battle to look forward to, one that would no doubt be even worse. There and then Metty took out the playing card he had been keeping for so long and flipped it over. 
“To others it represents hope for the future.” 
On the planet Volun 4, within the domed stronghold of the vanquished Volunian and Federal army a windwaker operator was browsing the channels, they where all filled with static, until a message was finally heard. “This is Admiral Yemen of the Volunian Fleet, hold fast soldiers; we have arrived in the system!” 
 “To a few, midnight brings you face to face with your ambitions realized.” 
Kalynka and the others were making their down the mountain using the Imperial equipment they had to sneak through their lines. They were making their way through the field hospital, which was stricken with the dead, the dying and those in between. Suddenly a hand lurched and grabbed Kalynka by the arm, she moved to a fighting stance, but then she saw that the hand belonged to a heavily burned Imperial soldier, a very young Imperial, why no more than a boy! “Mother………mother is that…….t-that-” he tried to say but his body had given away and his soul went to a better place, or at least better than the one he just left. And that was it, Kalynka’s final barrier had been broken and she finally started shedding tears as she and her group made their way through the great field that was covered in so many body bags and wounded soldiers that it seemed to go over the horizon. 
The dead seem to be without end on that field. 
That was the sight that they had to traverse, their great victory against the Empire, in all its glory. 
 “To others, it brings the dawning of our nightmares and the fall of our last bastion of blessed sanctuary from such things.” 
Gelios looked, gazed and stared at the various news channels, that he received on his wall mounted farviews, within his private room. All different stations, all different masters, but all reporting the same thing. 
Disaster! He walked towards his liquor cabinet and opened it. 
He had a long night ahead of him and a very awful day to look forward too. 
“Some merely see it as the time when everything comes together, a culmination of their plans.” Nobody stepped inside the structure built by the Ancients, with a dismissive wave of his hand he banished the defences that took Icarius a thousand and one years’ worth of willpower to overcome. 
Thus he traversed the structure and Nobody reached his true purpose. 
This Ancient Temple was like the one on Volun 4. 
And like the one there it housed something. The Riddle of Wrath was 
what was hidden on Volun 4. 
This one housed not a riddle, but a map, a huge map that showed the entire Galaxy and the location of other such hidden weapons caches like the one on Volun 4, and each and every one of them was more powerful than the one on Volun 4. 
Nobody was not interested in these ancient weapons of power beyond time, space and reality, no! What he was after was something else, something much, much worse. And their locations were on that map. 
“To a few, it is the last moment before a new day dawns, in which we truly discover our flaws.” Tubarin and Ahmaianos made their way through the field of wounded, each trying not to look at the pain and suffering they had cause with Nobody, but that was impossible since there where so many of them…………. to many to ignore. Akanthos reached inside his pockets and pulled out his flask of spirits. He looked at it for a moment before kneeling down to a wounded Imperial, that was screaming for painkillers and opened the bottle to give the man some hard liquor for his pain. 
“To others it is the final moment of agony, before the arrival of answers that we preferred not to have, but always knew that they were on their way.” 
“Just what kind of a monster are we dealing with?” Tubarin muttered to himself, as he for not the very first time in his life wished the Great Catcher had not blessed him with foresight and the wisdom to see things as they were, and realize that this might well be only the start of what was to come. All the while a spider dangled high above, watching his every move. 
“Some find comfort in the stroke of midnight, and use it to reform themselves both mentally and physically.” 
 Postmen, couriers and coded windwakers send their letters and messages all across the various resistance groups’ networks. They delivered news of the great battle. 
Awakened by this sudden turn of events, they all broadcasted trough a hundred phrases the same message: 
‘The time is now!’ 
“But regardless of what it brings one thing is undeniable, and that when the clock strikes that dozen stroke, of one thing you can be always be sure.” Nobody at the a map of the Galaxy, and at the location of the Ancient weapons on Volun 4 along with the locations of other much stronger weapons. Placed the map inside his strange book and closed the book “Some things are best kept in the shadows for now.” Nobody said as he blew out the torch light, shrouding the secrets of the place in darkens once more 
Metty flipped over the card he drew in an attempt to see if one could really truly control their fate by intentionally trying to draw the ace of spade, the strongest card. Metternich looked at the card in his hand and smiled at what he drew at random from the deck. It was the joker. “Who cares for you? You are nothing but a pack of cards.” Metty said with a sad yet hopeful smile on his face, his soul was now at peace. Metty let the cards fall to the ground, gazed forward towards the farview that shoved the route of their fleet, he gazed towards tomorrow, towards the future with all its hope and horrors and never looked back. 
For if he did so, Metty would have saw that he had in fact drawn two cards that were stuck together and would have seen that under the joker was the Ace of Spades. . To a few it’s just everyday part of their lives. A nurse looked over a patient who just woke up from intensive care. “Good morning Captain Isandor” she said to the man who never talked, only communicated through facial expressions and now he grinned in reply as he played with the dagger that he used on his throat, it was a trick dagger. 
 Yet despite all the different meanings of midnight, one thing is certain about that 12 beating of the clock. Metty retired to his quarters to have some peace and quiet. As he did so he saw that there was a message on the farview, and anonymous message. Congratulations on your ‘victory’, coward. The message read. “To tired for this, I’ll start panicking in the morning.” Metty said to himself before deleting the message and going to sleep. All under the eye of a spider. 
A spider who, like many others across the galaxy, watched one of the main characters of this story, and trough it’s eyes their master watched it as well. 
 And namely that at twelve of clock, all is well’. 
“I cannot imagine what tomorrow brings, for any heaven or hell I dream off pales in comparison with real life.” 
Guschen Boboruni. 
 
 
 
 
 

