
Salvage-5

AMPED


B. K. Larson


Salvage-5

AMPED

B. K. Larson

Published by Slipstream Publishing
For Smashwords


Copyright © 2019 B. K. Larson

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any way by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording or otherwise without the prior permission of the author except as provided by USA copyright law.

This is a work of fiction, all the characters and events in this novel that appear similar to persons living or dead are unintentional and are completely coincidental.



Dedication

I dedicate this book to the wonderful folks at $300 Dollar Data Recovery. Without their help, this book would not be what it is today. After suffering a catastrophic hard drive crash, the first seven chapters of this book were lost. I contacted them to see if they could recover any of the data on the drive. Having faith in technology, I sent the drive off to see if they could be of help and continued writing this book starting in chapter eight. Miraculously, even with fractured heads and damaged platters internally, they were over ninety-nine percent successful in recovering all of my data.
Thank you, $300 Dollar Data Recovery.

Author, B. K. Larson 



CONTENTS

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Epilogue
Bonus Content
More Books


Prologue


An alien Noosphere, made of bio-electronic matter, was trying to eliminate all life on Earth by destroying the Earth’s Van Allen belt.
Colonel Tucker Petersen and his team had to rescue his son Bennie and Bennie’s mother, Beverly, along with Jenny Rubinstein-Petersen, Major Preston, and General McKenzie from the alien Noosphere before they could stop it from completing its nefarious task.
But as Major Samantha Rothschild piloted the Salvage-5 on their escape, Tucker was hit three times in the back by pursuing cyborg clones and fell from the ship’s ramp.
Before the valiant crew could return to rescue the Colonel, Captain Buster Clark accidently activated a power beam that energized the Noosphere. 
The massive beam from the Pyramid of the Sun was designed to generate a power web connecting all pyramid structures on Earth and rebuild the Earth’s Van Allen belt. Even though much of the Earth had been left in smoldering ruins, what was left of Humanity was saved from the deadly radiation of the Sun. 
But Colonel Tucker Petersen was trapped, held prisoner by the alien cyborg clones.
On the Noosphere, the alien mastermind Xat-Anah stood over the dying Colonel and ordered his minions, “Take him to an extraction chair, plug him in and prepare him for cloning.”
“Yes, your Excellency,” the X-99 unit grinned.
Two cyborgs dragged Tucker towards the sphere’s cloning facility.

Xat-Anah returned to his control room at the center of the sphere and activated the monitor screen by manipulating the orbs floating in front of him. What he saw made his thin purple lips stretch wide in a green, three-tentacled alien version of a smile. 
Xat-Anah asked a nearby cyborg clone, “X-99, how is our guest?”
X-99’s answer came over the sphere’s communication channel, “He is healing, your Excellency. He will be strong enough to clone in a few hours.”
“Most excellent... most excellent indeed... now, prepare the sphere for hyper speed... our course is set... trajectory is confirmed... entering the power beam in twenty seconds.”
“Your Excellency, we have detected a ship in pursuit.”
“Let them pursue... they shall not catch us... not today...”
The sphere sped upward into orbit. The web of power beams withdrew back into the Pyramid of the Sun, propelling the sphere high into orbit and on a trajectory straight for the mag ring.
“Are we connected to the human’s array?”
“Yes, your Excellency. The array is programmed to send our ship home!”
“What is our ETA to achieving optimum speed?”
“Three minutes, my Excellency. Once we pass through the programmed array, the pursuing ship will not be able to catch us.”
“Yes, yes, once we enter the array, I shall bring our first offspring to our people. You must dedicate resources in finding the Jenny host. She must be moved to a special gestation room.”
“Yes, my Excellency, we shall discover the Jenny host’s location within the sphere soon enough.”
“Good... gooood...”

Salvage-5
January 17, 2068 08:54

Sam’s eyes widened as Salvage-5 got closer to the energy stream, “You sure about our course, Cass?”
“Yes, Sam, I double checked it!”
“Then we’d better enter that thing before it’s too late,” Buster yelped, “The stream is dissipating. If the beam stops before we reach it, we’ll never catch Tucker!”
“Punch it, Sam!” Cassie ordered.
“Engaging ion drive... NOW!”
The Salvage-5 vessel elongated, and changed direction as it entered the stream, shooting them in pursuit of the alien Sphere.
“Whooooa!” Sam exclaimed, “You gotta be kiddin’ me!”
Buster passed out from the sudden G-Forces as the rest of the crew held on.
The beam stopped almost the instant the ship connected with it, but Salvage-5 had made it just in time. They flashed away from Earth at light speeds.


Chapter 1

Alien Sphere


The X-99 unit stood on his three tentacle legs, holding a device and reading its display. 
Placed in front of him was a cyborg shell inside of a cloning chamber. Wires and computer traces flowed across the smooth, milky white skin of the alien-generated machine. Servos whirred, lights blinked and relays clacked inside the mechanisms of the cyborg as the X-99 alien drained the clone tank. The glass slid open, exposing the blank new clone that would be used for Tucker.
The vacant alien cyborg within stood waiting for commands.
“In a few minutes, I will be transferring the Tucker Petersen host to this cyborg clone, your excellency,” X-99 reported.
“Good, very good. Activate the clone as soon as you can.”
“Unfortunately for this clone, we do not have enough resources to fully replicate the host. All we have resources for is the mechanical underlayment and the face. Regardless of this clone’s appearance, I will have the clone active once the healing phase on the Tucker host has completed.”
“I want you to awaken the host prior to the transfer and move the host to the cloning room. I wish to see this host witness what he shall become before he is transferred.”
“Yes, your Excellency.”
X-99 dissolved his handheld device into his own body and then slithered into the DNA extraction chamber.

Salvage-5

It took Sam several minutes to awaken from the effects the forces of acceleration to light speed had put upon her body.
“Whoa! What a rush!”
Cassie fluttered her eyes and opened them. Her first view was that of stars bleeding across their view screen of Slavage-5.
Samuels shook his head and blinked his eyes before turning to Buster, “Captain,” he reached over and shook Buster’s shoulder, “Buster, are you in there?”
Buster stirred, automatically reached for his glasses to give them a shove. “Ye-yeah, I’m here. Wow, that was intense!”
Doctor Rhodes woke up with a start and tightened his harness, “Yeah, what Buster said. That was intense.”
“Cassie,” Sam asked as she checked her controls, “Do you know where we are?”
“I-I don’t know for sure just yet. Gimmie a sec while I get my bearings and then the ships.”
“I can appreciate that for sure,” Sam smiled, “Even though we’re a sportin’ these clone bodies, they have limits.”
“Some of us have clone bodies,” Samuels interjected.
“At least we’re all chipped or cloned,” Buster added. “Even so, I think we’re going to need a pretty big miracle to pull this off... whatever it is we are trying to do, ‘cause I really have no clue as to where we are... yet.”
“And if Buster doesn’t have a fix...”
Sam cut off the Sergeant, “... if Buster doesn’t get a fix soon, we’ll have no chance of finding Tucker!”
“Well,” Cassie began, “I can tell you we aren’t in Earth’s orbit. I just read the ship’s logs. We did fly through the array and we are in the same energy stream that the sphere is in.”
“I can confirm that, Cass,” Buster said, glancing between his console and Cassie, “We are in the energy stream that shot out of the Pyramid of the Sun. That’s what propelled us to these faster than light speeds... and what’s protecting the ship from breaking apart from these speeds.”
“Can you tell how fast we are going, Buster?” Cassie asked.
“Um, well, no. I mean, not yet. I’m still running a dozen calculations, so, I’m a little busy right now.”
“But you’re not doing anything but sittin’ there,” Doctor Rhodes pointed.
“Oh, I am doing them.  All of them in my head, so please, shush it...” Buster gulped, giving Cassie a glance, “I said please.”
“Don’t worry, Captain,” Cassie smiled, “Just give me some coordinates or something to pass over to Sam so she can fly us to the sphere already...” Cassie’s eyes connected with the worried Buster, “It’s going to be okay, Buster. Okay? Trust me. You can do this. I know you can!”
All the crew heard was air escaping from Buster’s lips, “Shhh!”
A few impatient minutes passed before Buster reached for his console swing arm and grabbed the handles. He pulled it to him and typed frantically for some time. When he stopped, he shoved his glasses back up his nose.
“Ha!” 
“Okay?” Sam begged, “Time’s a wastin’. I suggest you get on with it.”
“Right. I’ll forego the lengthy explanation for a later time...”
“... Good!” The crew said in unison.
“... but I do have to explain a little.”
“Okay,” Samuels said with a finger roll.
“Right, okay, so, we entered the field array after the sphere did. But we are moving faster than the sphere so it’s behind us now.”
“Come again?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, I think it must be due to the mass difference with our ship and the sphere.”
Cassie fiddled with her controls and turned to Sam, “The whiz-kid’s right again. We’re in front of the sphere.”
“What luck too,” Buster added, “Because we wouldn’t be able to catch them otherwise.”
“Did you ever figure out how fast we are going? And how far away is the sphere?”
“All very good questions, Cassie, err, ah, Major, ah, Clone... Cassie Clone,” Buster nervously answered.
“Relax, Captain, you can do this. Just focus.”
“I’ve never done these kinds of calculations, so it’s gonna take me some time to figure this all out. I do know that we had better figure out how to dock somewhere soon. This ship only has enough supplies and fuel for a few weeks and if we miss our target, it might, kind of, take us, well, err, ah, it might take us a few years to get back,” Buster gulped.
“Years!?” Cassie yelped.
“It might, but then again, we’re all chipped and/or cloned, so we have the ability to overcome all those obstacles. I think.”
“I suggest we hook ol’ whiz-kid up to the accelerator and give him a few jolts of gamma waves,” Doctor Rhodes said, unbuckling his harness, “Because I for one don’t really want to die out here in the middle of nowhere.”
“Good idea, Doc,” Buster nodded, “I’m ready,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut.
“At least Sam, Cassie and Gus are clones, they’ll outlive all of us,” Samuels added.
Doctor Rhodes floated from his seat and made his way to a cargo hatch. Pressing a sequence on the keypad rewarded him with a whoosh as the door slid open.
“But that doesn’t help us with fuel, air, or water. Even clone bodies require those things,” Gus said.
Doctor Rhodes extracted a set of cables, one for each crew member. His eyes fixed on Sam, “Don’t worry, Sam, you’re a clone now, remember, you don’t have to worry about flipping out on us anymore.”
“Gee, thanks Doc. I didn’t remember that I’m really a clone of my dead self!” Sam looked down, “Seems death is all we’ve been talking about as of late!”
“Sorry,” Rhodes scowled, “I didn’t mean anything by it, really...
Sam smiled and pointed her thumb behind her, “Gotcha Doc!” she chuckled, “You’re still an easy mark,”
“Nice one, Sammie, but Gus is right. It won’t matter if we can’t get any food or air supply, even for our clone team mates.”
“True that,” Sam frowned as reality set in, “Let’s just get amped so we can use our juiced brain power to figure out what the hell we can do.”
Doctor Rhodes floated over to hook up the rest of the fiber cables.


Alien Sphere

Xat-Anah looked down at Tucker, helpless from the sleep drugs and strapped to the DNA extraction chair.
“Is he ready for cloning?”
“Yes, your Excellency, “His injuries have healed sufficiently for the clone phase to complete.”
“Wake him!”
The X-99 began pressing sequences on a keypad near Tucker’s head. His long bony fingers pressed several commands before he turned to face Xat-Anah with his arms at his sides, “The drugs are programmed and have been initiated. He will awaken momentarily.”
Tucker stirred as he became aware of his surroundings. Still in a fog, he willed his eyes open only to focus on the green skinned alien, “Oh crap... it’s only you.”
“Well who did you expect, Colonel Petersen?”
“Well, I kind of was hoping to see Cassie.”
“Well, you won’t get that chance since you took the host from us.”
“I wouldn’t bet on that.”
“Yes, yes, all nice conversation. However, we must get on with it.”
“What exactly is the it we’re ‘getting on with,’ anyway?”
“Your clone activation awaits us.”
“Do I get a vote?”
“Strange how even on the edge of death Humans cling to humor,” Xat-Anah smiled, “But no, Tucker, you do not get to vote. How do you like your new clone body?” Xat-Anah asked, flourishing his arm as he pointed.
Tucker aimed his eyes the best he could, “You’re kidding me, right? You’re going to use that hunk of junk to put me in? I think it looks a little sub-standard. And that face, gawd! Where did you get that face?”
“It’s your face, Tucker,” Xat-Anah said with an eye roll.
“Nah, that ain’t possible! That face ain’t pretty like me. I think you must have an issue with your regeneration program, ‘cause there’s just no way that ugly duckling is me!”
“It’s straight from your own DNA, Tucker,” Xat-Anah protested.
“You see that chin line? Wimpy. Mine is more defined, strong…”
“Enough of this foolishness! I must get on with your transfer so we can get on with delivering the pregnant Jenny to our home world.”
“Who? Jenny? Ha, you still think she’s on board this here sphere? Sorry to disappoint you an’ all, Xat ol’ boy, but she escaped with the others.”
Xat narrowed his eyebrows over his slanted almond eyes, “That’s impossible! Jenny is still here, we just can’t find her, that’s all.”
“Maybe the reason you can’t find her is we freed her. She’s back on Earth.”
“You’re lying... you have admitted you are a liar. Nevertheless, once we plug you into this clone, we’ll have the truth soon enough.”
“Now, wait a minute...”
Tucker’s eyes fluttered closed as the drugs took control of his body. He fell into deep sleep.
The clone body motors whirred as the Tucker’s DNA essence was transferred into the clone.
The skinless clone’s eyes opened and looked around, keeping his head motionless.
“It’s alright, Commander, you are inside the clone and will now follow all of our commands.”
The Tucker-clone opened its mouth. A digitized and distorted voice was all he could manage on his first few tries. Then the voice leveled out and uttered its first words, “Do you have a cigar?”
Xat-Anah turned to his X-99 associate and smiled, “It’s Tucker.”
The X-99 began pressing commands on his handheld console, “Move your right hand.”
The clone replied by activating the servos to raise his right forearm. It lifted into the air, its whirring rotors whining. The clone then began to turn its wrist and move its fingers, drumming them in the air.
“Tap each finger of your right hand to your thumb.”
The clone again rewarded the X-99 with several quick taps of each finger to thumb and then began repeating the movement.
“Good. You may stop.”
The clone froze with its third finger resting on his thumb.
“Is this clone defective, X-99? Why is this clone taking every command literally?”
“The higher functions have not completely developed in the cybernetic brain of this clone. That may take several hours.”
The Tucker-clone moved its head towards Xat-Anah. Its robotic, digitized voice said, “I believe it is a resource issue. We need more hosts connected to this sphere in order to enhance our growth material. The sphere generation has used up a great deal of available growth energy substance.”
“Well, that is not my fault!” Xat-Anah shouted.
The Tucker-clone formed a smile across its half-grown face, “No, your Excellency,” the Tucker-clone said, its voice blipped and popped as it spoke. “The sphere must take priority. We must still return to our home world.”
“So, Tucker, now that you’re one of my clones, tell me the truth regarding the Jenny host.”
“Yes, Jenny Rubinstein-Petersen escaped from her DNA extraction chamber with the Tom Griffin unit in one of their MECHs.”
Xat-Anah turned to X-99, “Could this be true?”
The X-99 closed its eyes and thought, “I have accessed the sphere memory core regarding the attack we experienced on the lower levels. There were two MECH’s that originally breached our sphere and two from their ship. We only found evidence left behind for three.”
“Then we must go back to Earth and reclaim Jenny!”
The Tucker-clone whirred as more servos activated in the shell, “We do not have enough matter left to propel this sphere on a return course.”
“Then allow the ship that follows us to dock. We will fulfill our resource requirements by capturing those on board and add them to this sphere complex.”
The Tucker-clone buzzed and whirred more as it cocked its head to one side and then the other. It returned its gaze to Xat-Anah, “I have completed a thorough scan of the area. I have concluded there is no ship following us, your Excellency.”
“Well good! Maybe they were destroyed when they tried to enter this power stream. Very well, we shall continue our path to Sirius. We will replenish our resources there before returning to Earth.”
“Our current ETA to our home star system is three days, four hours, twelve minutes and thirty-seven seconds...” the Tucker-clone attempted to laugh before continuing, “Sorry, Xat ol’ buddy, but part of this host personality is bleeding through my circuits. The thirty-seven seconds was one of Buster’s jokes, ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...” the clone continued with a robotic, monotone version of laughter.
“Enough!” Xat-Anah spat, “I command you to program those personality traits out of you. I do not wish to be burdened by this host’s intolerable Human humor!”
“By your command,” the Tucker-clone cocked its head to the side, “I shall attempt at rewriting my cybernetic pathways and erase those memories from the transfer.”
“Good! Make haste! We have things we must do, calculations to perform and procedures to follow.”
Xat-Anah reached out and unplugged the voice module from Tucker’s neck and handed it to his associate, “This part is defective. Reabsorb this one. I will have you regrow another voice module once we have more resources.”

Alien Core
Time is irrelevant

Tucker popped his eyes open and focused on his surroundings. Looking up at a white ceiling he turned his head and discovered he was lying in bed in the darkness of night.
“What the devil’s going on!?” Tucker exclaimed as he shot upright.
A groggy sounding voice softly echoed in his ear before he was wrapped around by someone’s arms, “What’s wrong, Tuck? Can’t sleep again?”
He looked over to see Cassie sleeping by his side, “Cassie?”
“Yes, Tucker?”
“No, I mean, why are you here? I mean, why am I here?”
“Relax, Tuck,” She turned him and laid him back down. Rubbing his shoulders, Cassie comforted the confused Tucker, “Relax, lover boy. You had some pretty severe PTSD after our last mission.”
“Our last mission? You mean the one where we blew up half the solar system with singularities?”
“Yeah, that would be the one. You haven’t slept since we got back.”
Cassie’s soft hands relaxed Tucker, massaging his shoulders and neck, “Now you just close your eyes, and go back to sleep.”
“Okay, Cass, whatever you say, sweetie.”
Tucker closed his eyes and fell fast asleep as the Cassie image flickered behind him in the dark room.
 


Chapter 2

Salvage-5


Sam smiled as she soaked in the fresh gamma frequencies.
Doctor Rhodes and Gus inventoried supplies below in the crew cabin. Buster ran calculations at his console.
Cassie sat harnessed at her console, not taking her eyes from her controls as she amped with the rest, “I’m thinking we need to go stealth mode, Sam. It seems we’re far enough ahead of the Sphere, we might gain an advantage.”
“Major Cassie is right,” Buster agreed. “The Sphere is six hours, thirty-seven minutes, and sixteen seconds behind us.”
Sam flipped a switch and pressed two buttons on her side console. “Going stealth mode. As long as I’m plugged in, I can fly this ship with my amped mind.”
“You sure that’s a good idea, Sister?” Cassie protested.
“Yeah, I’m getting better at this... and we’re flying stealth mode now, so they won’t detect us.”
“Now all I have to do is get us a ping tone,” Cassie nodded.
“Might I suggest a more prudent tactic?” Gus said, poking his head through the hatch. “Perhaps a reconnaissance mission?”
“How are we supposed to do that?” Cassie protested, “We don’t have any MECHs left. What we did have is scrap metal on that Noosphere!”
“Ah, but we do have a way to scout around the sphere.”
“Reanimate a clone?” Buster asked, adjusting his glasses in the zero gravity.
Gus floated up into the pilot house allowing Sergeant Samuels to follow.
“Right you are, whiz-kid,” Gus said with pointed finger. “I’m startin’ to like this kid.”
“Wait, wait,” Doctor Rhodes protested, “You want me to reanimate my clone on the Noosphere?”
“Well,” Cassie added, “You’re the only one with a clone on the sphere that’s not already a clone.”
“I thought it didn’t matter if you’re a clone or not to, um, be cloned,” Buster questioned.
“You’re not helping,” Cassie smirked. “Sure, we could figure out how, being amped and all, but I think a more prudent move is to not waste any more time and get you on over there for a looksee.”
“She’s right,” Samuels interjected, “We better get this show on the road. We only have enough food for six days on this ship. However, we have only enough air, water and fuel for three day tops. Then we’ll be on battery power and EVA suits for twenty hours, and without fuel we can’t run scrubbers, so we will asphyxiate sooner than later.”
“Well, Sarge,” Cassie sternly smiled, “Aren’t you full of charming news today!”
Cassie looked at Rhodes, “Okay, Doc, you’re up then. Let’s get you down to a DNA extraction chair and get you over there.”
“How do we even know this thing still works? Maybe they’ve isolated our clone signatures by now? I mean, we don’t want to give away our location or anything.”
“Don’t worry about a thing, Doc,” Sam nodded, “You’ll be in stealth mode over there too.”
“I will? I didn’t think we had that capability programed into these chips?”
“Sure, Doc...” Sam confidently nodded, “It’ll be fine, okay?”
Cassie and Rhodes made their way below decks to the crew cabin to an empty zero gravity chair. 
Gus looked over to Sam before joining Cassie and whispered, “I didn’t even think we had that yet.”
“We don’t,” Sam shrugged.
“Oh, Sam, you’re bad... you’re very bad...”
“Well, it got him to move, didn’t it?”
“Right, good job, Sam.”
Buster looked over to Sam and snickered, “Well, the joke is on both of you. I just sent that very programming to Doctor Rhodes’ station. Once he plugs in, that program will download...”
“... Thank you for that, Buster,” Sam said with a headshake, “Can’t even prank anyone anymore... sheesh, you’re no fun, Captain...”
“Ooops... Sorry Sam, err, I mean, Captain... err... Major.”
“It’s okay, son,” Gus said, patting Buster’s shoulder as he passed back down below decks, “It’s all about our mission.”
Gus helped Cassie get the Doctor secured into the zero-gravity chair, “I’ll fire up this station,” Gus said, bracing himself in the zero gravity.
“You know how to do that, Gus?”
“Yeah, I got that upload from Calvin before we left.”
Servos came to life. Rotors whirred and relays clicked as the station’s arm moved into position. The noise stopped with a sudden click as the probe clicked into the Doctor’s chip.
Gus tapped his earpiece, “Sam, you’re going to have to bring us in closer to the Sphere before I can make connection to the Doctor’s clone.”
“No problem, Gus,” Sam answered, “I’ll fire some reverse engine action and bring us in. They still won’t see us on scanners and I don’t think they have any portholes to look out. At least, last time I looked they didn’t have viewports.”
“Well, Griffin and I did leave a gaping hole in it. That’s likely sealed up by now, and I doubt they used windows.”
“Okay, I’ve set up a thirty second reverse burn. We’ll be in position in six minutes.”
“Hold that thought, Sam, let us get ready down here,” Cassie asked. “Hold on to something, Gus.”
Gus’ eyes widened, “I think we should each strap down until we’re in position.”
Cassie nodded as she maneuvered herself to her quarters. 
Gus followed her to Tucker’s cabin. Pressing the open sequence rewarded them to the interior of each room. They finished strapping in just as the ship’s ion drives began their thirty second reverse burn.
Their faces contorted as the forces of the slowing ship pulled the Salvage-5 closer to the alien Sphere.
“Hold that speed, Sam, err, Major,” Buster urged. “We’re in range. I think Gus and Cass can send Doctor Rhodes over now. Not only that, but if you can hold this speed and distance, I think I can program us a ping code for when we’re ready to dock.”
“Good job, Buster,” Cassie said over her comm link. She unfastened her straps and met Gus in the common area where Doctor Rhodes impatiently waited, strapped down to the zero gravity chair.
“Can we get this going now? I’m starting to get claustrophobic sittin’ here!”
Cassie shot Gus a glance, “Fire up the accelerator and shoot him a small charge while we finish making the connection.”
“What’s this ‘we’ stuff,” Gus winked.
“Okay, okay, Gus... while you finish making his connection.”
“That’s better.”
“I’m still feeling claustrophobic... can you two please hurry it on up?”
Cassie looked over Gus’ shoulder after she finished securing the Doctor’s legs and arms, “You having an issue with the accelerator, Gus?”
“Well, it’s being persnickety.”
 “Hmm. Use your amp charge and tell this persnickety piece of equipment to cool it already!”
“Hey Doc, not a bad idea there,” Gus smiled as he wrapped his hands around the two bundles of wires connecting the chair to the accelerator.
“There we go,” Gus exclaimed, “Buster’s program upload was taking its time. I’m making connection with his clone body. I’m beginning the reanimation sequence... now.”
“Nothing’s happening, guys! Can you let me up and we can try again later, or something?”
“I don’t understand,” Gus said, stroking his chin.
“Here,” Cassie offered, “Maybe if we both focus on it?”
“Let’s give it a try, Cass.”
The two wrapped their amped hands around the bundles. Lights began to issue from Gus and Cassie’s arms. The lights traveled down their hands and into the bundle. The light flickered a moment, pausing and then proceeded into the machine. 
“I think it’s working, now,” Doctor Rhodes started to say before his eyes grew fuzzy, “I think I’m making the transference.”
Cassie leaned close to Rhodes, “Stay hidden when you get inside. See if you can locate Tucker and then see how many cloned cyborgs we’ll have to face when we go in after him.”
“You got it, Cass...” 
Doctor Rhodes drifted into unconsciousness. 

He abruptly awoke and found himself riding in a car. Grabbing the wheel, he nearly swerved off the pavement as he took control from the autopilot. Rhodes regained his composure before pulling to the side of the road.
“What the hell’s going on?” Rhodes protested. 
No one answered.
The sun shined down upon Doctor Rhodes’ car. He looked over the console and then opened the door and stepped out. He stood on the side of the car on a dirt shoulder. 
Examining the sky he thought it was early morning. The air was crisp cold, but not freezing.
“This ain’t right.”
Rhodes walked around the car and looked off in the distance. 
“Cassie?” Rhodes yelled to the sky, “Gus? Can anyone hear me?”
He shouted twice more before he began to hear wind rushing in his ears.
“What? I can’t hear you! Say it again!”

The scene faded away before his eyes darted open only to see Cassie and Gus leaning over him.
“Doctor?” Cassie shouted.
“Doctor Rhodes!” Gus added
“Wh-what happened, guys?”
“We had to pull you back,” Gus explained, “Seems they’ve isolated our clone signatures. When we activate a clone, it goes straight into the Alien Core program.”
“I was wondering about that,” Rhodes said, pulling on his arms and legs, “Okay, we tried. Can you let me up now?”
“No!” Gus snapped, “Now that we know where you are in the Sphere, we’ll have to send you back in again.”
“This time,” Cassie said, “You’ll have to find where Tucker is inside the program. I’m sure that’s where they’re keeping his consciousness.”
“Ah, come on, guys. Let me stretch my legs first...”
“You can stretch them inside the core,” Gus said, cutting the Doctor off, “Sending you in now. Happy hunting, Doc.”

Rhodes saw the car and road form in his mind. He stepped over to the driver’s door and opened it.
Before sliding into the car, he looked up to the sky, “I don’t like it!”
Doctor, can you hear me?
“Yes, Cass, I can hear you now!”
Good! Gus has established a comm link to you inside the Core. We can help guide you in there if you need help.
“Yeah, you can help me by pulling me outta here...”
Nice try, Doc, Gus’ voice echoed inside Rhodes’ head, but no...
“Okay, okay! Let me see what I can do in here. Do I have to worry about seekers or anything like that?”
We don’t know, Doc, Cassie answered, I suggest not using the streak running technique. Play along and go about finding him the regular way.
“Swell! Just friggin’ swell!”
Doctor Rhodes studied the computer terminal fixed inside the dash.
With a press of a voice control button, Rhodes began his search, “Computer: Give me directions to Colonel Tucker Petersen’s house.”
A computer generated, female voice, quickly answered, “Please fasten your seat restraint system. Course is plotted. ETA is fifteen minutes. Your course will begin once you have fastened your restraint system... please fasten your restraint system... you have thirty seconds before trip is canceled... please fasten your restraint...”
Doctor Rhodes reached over his shoulder and quickly buckled the seatbelt, silencing the irritating repeat message.
“Computers! Gawd how I detest them!”
The car voice actuated once more, “Please keep disrespectful comments to yourself.”
“Sorry, computer. I didn’t realize you were sentient.”
“I am not sentient... However, I have been programmed in an array of reactive response methods... do you wish to explore any of my other response traits now?”
“That’s enough, computer!”
“Do you wish to explore my other response traits now?”
“Stop!”
“I am sorry, I do not understand that response. I have complete control of this vehicle. If I were to stop now, this vehicle might cause an accident.”
“Silence your voice, already!”
“I am sorry, I do not understand your statement... do you wish to explore my other response...”
“No!”
“Very well,” the computer answered, “Do you wish to be entertained while you wait to arrive at your destination?”
“No! Please no!”
The car drove down the road for the remaining time in silence before pulling into a gravel driveway.
“You have arrived at your destination. Do you wish this cab to wait for you?”
“No thank you,” Doctor Rhodes began to pull on the handle, but the door would not open.
“That will be fifty-seven dollars, please... if you would like to leave a gratuity, please indicate now...”
“Guys, how am I going to get out? I don’t have any money! It won’t open the door unless I pay!”
I don’t know what to tell you, Doc, Cassie said. Maybe break a window?
“Please pay the cab fare of fifty-seven dollars... if you would like to leave a gratuity, please indicate now...” the computer repeated.
“I don’t have any money, guys!”
“Failure to pay this cab fare will be considered a misdemeanor and comes with a minimum sentence of thirty days in jail and a one-thousand-dollar penalty. Do you wish to pay your cab fare now? If you would like to leave a gratuity, please indicate now...”
“Guys! What am I supposed to do?”
“You have one minute to pay your cab fare... failure to pay your cab fare will result in a misdemeanor...”
“I can’t pay!”
“Very well,” the car computer voiced as it backed out of the driveway, “Proceeding to Police Precinct three... If you would like to pay for your cab fare, please indicate now...”
“Okay, okay!” Rhodes shouted, desperate to stop the car, “I’ll pay!”
“How would you like to pay your cab fare? I do not accept cash... Please indicate credit or chip.”
“How about credit?”
“I’m sorry I did not understand your response. You may say, Credit or Chip.”
“Credit!”
“Very well,” the computer voice said as a thumb imprint device extended from the dashboard.
“Please press your thumb on the fingerprint reader. I will complete this transaction momentarily.”
Doctor Rhodes reluctantly reached out and pressed his thumb on the device, and then removed it.
“I am sorry, I was unable to read your thumb print... please press your thumb on the fingerprint reader... I will complete this...”
“I know, I know, complete this transaction momentarily!”
Rhodes pressed and held his thumb print and waited for a response.
“I am sorry. You do not have a credit authorization with this cab company. Please pay with chip...”
Doctor Rhodes, noticeably irritated, held his wrist up to another scanner that extended from the dashboard.
“I hope this works, guys, or I’m going to be driven to the local jail!”
It’ll work, it’ll work! Gus answered, Buster has provided you with an ID and enough credits to last you this trip.
The car stopped and the door locks popped open, “Payment accepted. Thank you for driving with Oak Harbor Cabs, where your destinations are always minutes away.”
Doctor Rhodes climbed out of the cab.
The computer voice actuated once more, “Do you wish this cab to wait for you?”
“No!”
Rhodes slammed the door making a bang, “Good riddance!”
Okay good, Doc, Gus’ voice announced, You made it to Tucker’s house inside the Core. Now, go knock on the door and see if he’s home.
“Okay, okay, I’m goin’!”
Rhodes walked down the sidewalk to the front door of the house. He reached out to ring the doorbell, when the door swung open. 
Tucker stepped out, leaned down and picked up the newspaper sitting on the porch. He looked up at the man standing on his newly groomed green grass.
“You mind gettin’ off my grass?” Tucker stood up to face the man and pulled his cigar from his teeth, “Doctor Rhodes?”
“Yeah, it’s me, Colonel.”
“I’m not sick! I told Cass not to call you here. She did anyway, even after I asked her not too! And I asked nicely, too!”
“Relax, Colonel,” Rhodes said, pulling Tucker by his bathrobe, he reached around Tuck and pulled the door shut. 
“Shhh,” Rhodes whispered, “I don’t want anyone else to know I’m here, especially if you say Cassie is inside.”
“Why’s that?” Tucker asked, puffing on his cigar.
“Because, Cassie’s not Cassie and you’re not you... and I’m not me...”
“Doc, you sure you don’t need to see a doctor? You’re not makin’ a bit of sense.”
“Do you remember anything about an Alien Sphere ship? Being shot in the back and captured by the green slime aliens? Doesn’t any of that sound familiar to you, Tuck?”
“Oh, I see what you’re doin’, you’re trying to psycho analyze my dreams now.”
 “No! No, I’m not!”
“Hey, how did you know about my dream, anyway? I never told anyone about it.”
“That’s why I need to talk to you privately.”
“Say,” Tucker asked, looking over Rhodes’ shoulder, “How’d you get here, anyway?”
“Oak Harbor Cab Service.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. You got no wheels?”
“Sadly, no! Buster didn’t think of programming me that.”
“No worries. We can take my jeep. It’s in the garage,” Tucker tossed a set of keys that appeared in his hand at the Doctor, “Start ‘err up and I’ll put on some pants.”
Rhodes caught the keys in midair, “Good idea. Tell Cassie I’m taking you out for breakfast at the Crow’s Nest.”
Tucker pointed his finger and shot it like a gun, “Good one. I’ll be right back.”



Chapter 3

Alien Core - Crow’s Nest
Time is irrelevant. 

Doctor Rhodes and Tucker sat at a window booth. Tucker looked out at the sunny skies of Oak Harbor.
“Sure is a nice day, eh, Doc?”
Tucker lifted the coffee cup to his lips and gently blew a breeze over it.
“Uh-huh, nice enough if you like holograms.”
“Hologram? What are you talking about Doc?”
Doctor Rhodes blew on his coffee before taking a brave sip, “AHH! Man, that’s hot!”
“What’s gotten into you, Doc? You’re acting all squirrely.”
Rhodes placed his cup back on the table and swept his hand around the room, “You see, this isn’t real. None of it.”
“I don’t know, Doc, I think I better tell the General that you’re not feelin’ real good. Maybe it was all that space dust you breathed up there. I don’t know, but there’s something about you that’s just... well, I can’t put my finger on it.”
Rhodes nervously lifted his cup and took another sip, “JEZUZ, did they use a fusion reactor core on this?”
“What’s the matter, Doc? You burn your lip?”
“Yeah, as a matter of fact, I did!”
“Still think this isn’t real?” Tucker chuckled once more before calling their waitress over, “MAGGIE, yeah, you there,” Tucker pointed across the restaurant, “A little service over here, please?”
The waitress bounced over and stood at their table, “Yes, gentleman? What can I get ya’ ta’day?”
“Let’s start off with a glass of ice water, that’d be great, thanks.”
Tucker turned to Rhodes to continue his discussion when Maggie continued speaking, “Would you like to try the chef’s special? I think you’ll really like it!”
Tucker, already irritated, turned back to Maggie, “Well that depends on what the special is.”
“Eggs Benedict! Oh yum! I think I’ll ask Joe to start one for me,” Maggie giggled.
“I don’t like Eggs Benedict.”
“Well, what’ll it be, Tuck?”
Doctor Rhodes smiled and glared back at Tucker, “How is it she knows your name?”
Maggie continued giggling, “Oh, the Colonel here is a regular. That is, he regularly starts brawls...” Maggie leaned closer to Rhodes and lowered her voice, “Especially when he’s had a few too many snorts, if you know what I mean.”
 Tucker held his hands out wide, “See? I’m a regular here.”
“Would you like to place an order, or do you need more time to think about it?”
“No, no, I know what I want,” Tucker nodded.
Maggie held her pen to pad at the ready.
“I’ll have two toasted English muffins with two slices of ham and two poached eggs and some of that cheese sauce drizzled over the top.”
Maggie and Doctor Rhodes gave Tucker a vacant stare.
“What’s the matter with that?”
“That’s the special, Tucker,” Doctor Rhodes explained.
“It is?”
“Yes, Tuck,” Maggie said with a roll of her eyes, “That’s Eggs Benedict.”
“Oh... then I’ll have the special. And you, Doc?” Tucker motioned.
“I don’t want anything,” then Rhodes whispered, “It’s not real food anyway.”
Maggie swatted Doctor Rhodes on the arm with her note pad, “Hey watch it mister! There ain’t another place in this town for miles that has food like this!”
“Yeah, you got that right.”
“He’ll have the special too.”
“Thank you, Colonel,” Maggie smiled, “Would you like some more coffee, Tucker?”
“Why yes, I would. Thank you, Maggie.”
Maggie stepped over to her service station and grabbed her coffee pot.
She strutted back to Tucker’s table and filled his cup to the top. Then she left to serve the other tables.
“What about me? Don’t I get any?” Rhodes protested.
“Why? It’s not real,” Maggie scoffed.
“Great, now you’ve done it, Doc.”
“What? What’ve I done?”
Tucker leaned closer, “Don’t piss off the waitress or the cook. They might spit in your food.”
“That’s disgusting, Tuck!”
“I know, I know,” Tucker whispered, “I happen to know, on good authority, it can happen.”
Tucker leaned back in his seat and sipped his coffee.
Maggie delivered the ice water, setting it in front of Tucker. She abruptly turned and strode away.
Tucker picked up his spoon and dipped it into the ice water. He delivered two chunks of ice into Rhodes’ coffee.
“There, that’ll help with the heat index.”
“Gee, thanks, Tuck. It’s cold now.”
“Oh, sorry, let me get Maggie over here to freshen that up for ya’.”
“No thank you, she might spit in it.”
“Spit in what, Hun,” Maggie asked, placing the two specials in front of them. “What? You think I’m gonna spit in your food, Doctor?”
“See?” Rhodes pointed, “I never told her I was a doctor! How’d she know?”
“I overheard you talking,” Maggie said, pointing her chin in the air, she turned and walked away mumbling, “I hear everything...”
Rhodes picked up his fork and began stabbing at the surface. He poked the egg open and let it drizzle over the rest of the plate. Taking a large scoop, he shoveled it into his mouth.
“Jeez, Doc, for someone who doesn’t think this is real, you sure are enjoying it. How does not real taste anyway?”
“C’mon, Tuck,” Rhodes said as he chewed, “Get real.”
“Oh I am real. It’s you I’m worried about, Doc.”
“Okay, I’ll prove it to you.”
“By all means,” Tucker looked up as Maggie topped off his coffee, “Thank you, my dear.”
“You’re quite welcome, Colonel, anytime. Anytime at all.”
“Hey, what about me?” Rhodes protested as she walked away.
She emptied the pot at other tables and came back, “I’m sorry, Doctor. Did I forget to fill ya’ up, Hun? I’ll be back with a fresh pot in a few minutes.”
“Don’t bother,” Rhodes said, shoving the final bites into his mouth, “Check please. We’re leaving.”
“I’ll be back with that. Are you sure you don’t want anything else, Sugar?” Maggie said focusing on Tucker.
“Oh, yeah, yeah, there is. I’ve been meaning to try your famous apple pie.”
“Sure thing, sweetie. Do you want that ala mode?”
“Nah, just warmed if you will.”
“Coming right up.”
Tucker looked at Rhodes as Maggie walked away, “What?” he shrugged, “Aren’t you gonna have some?”
“No thank you, she’ll probably spit on it.”
“Okay, okay, have it your way, Doc.”
“Come on, Tuck. We need to get out of here. I can’t prove it to you here.”
“Why not?”
“Because, I just can’t... I can’t let everyone else here see.”
“Ohhh, I get it... okay, okay, we can leave... after I try this pie...”
“No, we need to go now, Tuck! We don’t have time for this!”
Maggie set the hot apple pie and a fresh fork in front of Tucker. He grabbed the fork and looked up at the waitress, “Thank you, Maggie. Looks great.”
He paused with his fork in air, glancing between the pie and Maggie, who stood with arms folded at their table.
“What’s the matter?” Maggie asked.
“Oh nothing, I just like to eat, well, in privacy... please.”
“Oh come on, Colonel. Just try one bite so I can let the cook know how much you like it.”
Tucker reluctantly dug his fork into the succulent pie. Steam escaped from inside the crust as the fork plunged down. Scooping a mouthful, Tucker shoved it in, closed his mouth pulling the fork and returning a wide smile, “It’s great,” he managed to muffle.
“Great! I’ll let the chef know, thanks, Tuck,” Maggie said before turning to walk away.
“Oh, wait,” Tucker muffled, “The check?”
“Oh, sure thing, sweetie.” 
Maggie reached into her apron and plucked their meal ticket and placed it on the table while Tucker continued holding the mouthful and slowly chewed with a wide smile.
“Thanks, Maggie,” Tucker nodded.
Maggie stepped away from the table and Tucker coughed out the pie back to the plate. Taking his napkin he wiped his tongue the best he could before picking up the ice water.
Taking a large gulp, he set the glass down and looked at Rhodes, “What!?”
“That bad, Tuck?”
“Oh yeah, for real!”
He looked at the tab and gasped, “Thirty-five bucks!? Jeez, where do they find ‘em!”
Tucker removed two twenties from his bill fold and set them on the check, “Okay, let’s go before she discovers I didn’t really like it, m’kay?”
“Sound’s good to me, Tuck.”
Don’t do it, Rhodes, he heard in his head.
“Ah, come on, Cass! How else am I supposed to prove this?”
“You talking to Cass? Where? I don’t see her?’
“I’m talking to Cassie and Gus over a comm link from our ship.”
“Ship?” Tucker placed his hands on his hips, “Did you steal my ship, Doc?”
“No, it’s not stealing when you have permission.”
“Permission!? From who?”
“From McKenzie himself, Colonel.”
“Well, then maybe you should drive us to the base so we can see if you have permission.”
They reached Tucker’s jeep and climbed in. Tucker depressed the clutch and stepped on the brake before cranking the engine to life.
I’m warning you, Doctor, Cass again said. This is one way you’ll get into trouble inside the Core.
Tucker put the jeep in reverse and backed out of his parking stall, “What’s wrong, Doc?”
“It’s Cassie, she doesn’t want me to prove it to you. Gonna be bad, she says. We’ll get seekers, she says.”
“How convenient that you can’t really show me what it is you were going to show me.”
“No, it’s not like that, Tuck. Not like that at all.”
“Then explain it to me,” Tucker said, pushing the shifter into first gear, he continued to stare at Rhodes.
“Oh, I’m going to show you. But I have to get everything ready first.”
“You mean, I do get to see what it is you were going to show me, that you can’t show me, but are gonna show me anyway? You know, Doc, I’m startin’ to like you. Buckin’ authority isn’t easy for you. I’m very proud, Doc, very proud!”
“Just drive, okay?” Rhodes pointed.
“You’re wish is my command,” Tucker gently let out the clutch as he stepped on the gas, “Where too, my good doctor?”
“Well, we can’t do this at your house, that’s for sure. Take me to Deception Pass.”
“You got it, mate,” Tucker took a left out of the Crow’s Nest and powered down the road.
“What’s in the Pass that you have to show me there, Doc?”
“It’s pretty secluded and I don’t think the Seekers have been there before.”
“You’re just getting spookier and spookier all the time, Doc. I know this guy that can help. He helped me a ton after our failed mission. What I’m trying to say, is I can give you a recommendation for a very discrete doctor.”
“I don’t need a doctor, Tuck.”
Tucker glanced twice in his rear-view mirror, “Uh oh.”
Uh oh, what, Tuck? What’s uh oh?” Rhodes craned around in his seat.
“I think we’re being followed.”
“Whattya mean?” Doctor Rhodes asked, peering around, “There’s nobody back there.”
“Hmmm, funny,” Tucker said as he readjusted his mirror, “I could have sworn there was a second ago.”
“There might have been... Cassie, are you reading anything?”
Seeker sign! Get outta there, now!
“Ah man! Cassie says its Seeker sign.”
“Okay, what’s that?”
The air behind the jeep shimmied and flickered in Tucker’s eyes, “What the hell?”
“Punch it!” Rhodes shouted.
Tucker wasted no time to floor the jeep and speed away from the phenomenon. 
“What the hell was that!” Tucker shouted over the engine’s whine.
Rhodes kept looking behind them. Suddenly two speeder-cycles solidified from the shimmying air.
“We’ve got two Vanguard Seekers! Whatta we do, Cass?” Rhodes shouted.
Put the peddle to the metal! Find a drop point and speed run from them to a safe house!
“She says go faster!”
Tucker downshifted to third gear and increased their speed before shifting back to fourth. The two cycles kept up with the speeding jeep.
“Umm, Doc... I’m getting mighty close to a closed road up ahead. The bridge is out!”
“Yeah, that’s just the program making things difficult!”
“Whatta we do, Doc? It’s comin’ up on us!”
Rhodes tuned and unbuckled. 
Tucker glanced over, “What? We gonna jump?”
“Yes!”
Tucker unfastened his belt, swung the jeep into a sideways skid. The tires screeched their protest as they barreled through the wooden barricade. Barriers splintered and boards flew in every direction before the jeep fell into the abyss below. 
Tucker and Rhodes dove from the falling jeep. Grabbing Tucker’s arm, Rhodes turned them into streaks of colored data patterns and vanished.
 


Chapter 4

Salvager-5


Cassie floated over Gus’ shoulder and studied the monitor with him.
“Are they safe?”
Gus held his hand up and grew a probe on his finger. Shoving the probe into the monitor created a stream of data up his arm and into his chip, “They’re safe. They made it to a safe house.”
“Why can’t we reach them?” Cassie asked, placing her hand on Gus’ shoulder.
More data patterns flowed from Cassie and into Gus and back into Cassie.
Her eyes widened, “Oh, I see... We can’t reach them because they’re in a section of the program that’s not done yet.”
“That’s the only place a Seeker cannot reach. I just hope the good doctor knows what he’s doing in there.”
“So far, his vital signs are good. We’ll give him some latitude on this one.”
“How long is long enough, Gus?”
“Let’s get Buster’s take on this.”
“Good idea,” Cassie turned to shout up at the pilot house when she was met with the smiling young man’s face.
“You wanted to ask me a question, Cassie?”
“Yeah, Buster, but how did you know?”
“Well, you’re amped, I’m amped. You project pretty loudly with your mind, so, yeah, I heard you loud and clear.”
“How’s it going up there?”
“Sam’s holding position twenty-five kilometers off the sphere’s apex. She’s got stealth mode activated and I’ve got a solid ping tone to open the doors when we’re ready.”
“Good job, Captain,” Cassie praised, “We have a question for you.”
“Oh, you mean the question you just called me down here to ask isn’t the question you were going to ask?”
“Yeah, something like that.”
“Oh, okay, gee, um, sure, Cass. What’s the question?”
“How long do you think we should let Rhodes stay over there?”
“Well, that’s a very good question, Cass, which has many different possibilities, with each scenario just as many outcomes is a tough question to answer...”
Cassie held her hand up, “I know you want to answer my question the best way possible, right, Buster?”
Buster scratched the back of his head, “Gosh, well um, yeah, of course, Cass.”
“Good! Then tell me, in your quickest, most concise answer, how much time should we give him over there?”
“Ten minutes.”
“Ten?” Cassie said with raised eyebrows, “That’s all? We pull him out in ten minutes? Why?”
“That’s simple, Cass,” Buster said slapping his knee, “You never ran through where he is, so due to the lack of knowledge provided, I assumed a safe pull time of ten minutes,” Buster adjusted his glasses as Cassie returned a blank stare.
“Okay, Buster,” Gus added, “How about this? Doctor Rhodes’ clone has been isolated within the sphere complex alien material. It’s not reanimating. Instead, Doctor Rhodes’ consciousness has been transferred into the Alien Core. Can he break free of the Core if his clone body is reanimated and how long does he have in this scenario?
 “Ahh, I understand now,” Buster smiled.
“See, Cass?” Gus pointed with his free hand, “Ya’ jus’ have ta’ kno’ how ta’ talk to ‘em.”
Buster thought a moment and then raised his hand, “I’ve got the answer.”
“We’re not in school, Buster,” Cass chuckled, “You don’t have to raise your hand.”
“Oh, ah, well okay, but the Colonel always insists on me raising my hand before I speak.”
“Tucker’s not here, so it’s okay, Captain.”
“Great, thank you, Cass.”
Cassie waited a few painful moments before slapping her forehead, “The answer, Buster!?”
“Oh, right, yeah. Given the variables,” Buster raised a finger at the interrupting Cassie, “Don’t worry, I won’t go into those right now...”
“Good!”
“... anyway, given the variable, if you can reanimate Doctor Rhodes’ clone on the sphere, then he will have seven hours before he will need to return. However, if you are unsuccessful in the clone’s reanimation, then he will need to be pulled out in...” Buster checked his chronometer on his wrist, “five minutes.”
“Wow, that’s not much time to get this issue fixed.”
“Maybe I can help, Gus?”
“Sure! Can you read this panel and figure out how to break this code for his clone’s isolation?”
“I bet I can.”
“Well, how about gettin’ your betting ass over here and help us figure this out!”
Buster adjusted his glasses as he floated over to Gus and Cassie’s side. Placing his amped hand on Gus’ temple, colored data bits traveled down his arm and into Gus.
Gus’ eyes widened, “Wow, Buster! You are good!”
“What’d he do?” Cassie asked.
“He just gave me the idea of how to bust through...” He tapped his headset, “Sam, Sam do you read?”
 “Got ya’, Gus.”
“Move our ship to one kilometer off the Sphere’s apex. We need to be right on top of her to make proper connection before I can unlock the sphere’s isolation protocol.”
“I’m on it, Gus,” Sam acknowledged. She manipulated her controls and slipped the ship in closer to the fast-moving sphere.
“I’ll be in position in three minutes!”
“That’s cutting it pretty close, Sam, we can only maintain the Doctor’s lock for two and half.”
“It’s pretty tricky flying this close at these speeds, Gus. I’ve got no room for mistakes, even this amped clone has to be careful.”
“I read ya, Sam. Just get us there the fastest you can.”

Alien Core
Time is irrelevant

Doctor Rhodes released Tucker’s arm as they came to a stop. They stood in an empty area covered with black squares. There were no buildings, roads, or sky. Only the blackness and the grid pattern they stood on.
Tucker looked around, “What the hell is this? Where are we!?”
Doctor Rhodes walked around pointed at the glimmering square lines forming the Core’s gird.
“We’re standing in a section of the program that the Core hasn’t finished coding yet.”
“Come again?” Tucker said, fishing for a cigar. “Damn! I didn’t bring an extra.”
“Sure you did, Tuck. Reach inside your pocket and pull one out.”
“Are you sure about that? I think your Cassie was saying that’s a bad idea...”
“Yeah, usually it’s a bad idea and she said that right before she said to streak run in here. The Seeker’s already found us back there. They’re still looking. I don’t think I have much time to explain all this before we have to leave here.”
“After that light show, I’m all ears,” Tucker smiled as he extracted a brand-new cigar. “I’m startin’ to like this place.”
“You don’t remember anything about the Core, do you?”
“Nope, can’t say that I do.”
“Okay, we’re inside the Alien Sphere. You’ve been captured and set into a DNA extraction chair. Your consciousness was placed inside this fake reality. You’re likely cloned and active on the Sphere we’re chasing. Likely heading back to their home world. I was the only one left that wasn’t already cloned that had a clone body absorbed into the alien goo.”
“Uh huh,” Tucker nodded as he puffed on his freshly lit cigar. “Go on, I’m listening.”
“Right, so, I need to get to your host body on the Sphere and somehow, free you from the chair.”
“I see... and what do I do in the meantime while you’re over there searching for me?”
  “The only way to fool this program is to go along with it. Don’t do any more of those parlor tricks when I take you back. Wait for me to extract you from the chair. Once I can pull you out, this will all fade away.”
“Will I get my memory back?”
“Yes, it’ll be foggy for a few minutes while those memories download back to your mind.”
“Okay, okay, so I play along and I’ll be fine. How you gonna fix my jeep that crashed into Deception Pass?”
“The program will reset itself and those things will never have happened. The Seeker will visit you. Just play along and ignore it. That’s the only thing I can tell you, Tuck.”
“Okay, Doc. How long is this going to take?”
“I don’t know. But the only way we’re gonna get you back is if we free you. We’re getting pretty close to the Sphere. If I can’t get to you before they pull me out, I’m sure we’ll do it the old-fashioned way.”
“Well my goodness, Doc, I think I’ve finally trained you right.”
“Come again?”
“Yeah, it used to take so much more to get us to the old-fashioned way. I’m impressed!”
“Do you think you can handle being in here, Tuck? You can’t let the Seeker make any contact with you. If you do, all this resets and your memory will be wiped again.”
“And we’ll have to start this merry-go-round all over again? Is that what you’re sayin’ there, Doc?”
“Yes, Tucker. You have to follow the rules in here until I can locate the real you inside the sphere.”
“Uh oh,” Tucker said, looking around his surroundings.
“You feel that,” Rhodes asked.
“Yeah, that’s a pretty uneasy, spine-tingling, feeling that’s goin’ on.”
“That’s Seeker sign. Okay, I’m out of time here. Hold on, and I’ll take you back before I have to get away.”
“Okay, but this time, I think I’ll close my eyes.”
“Suit yourself.”
Colored ones and zeros flooded the square black grid. They grew in numbers and began surrounding the two as Doctor Rhodes grabbed Tucker’s arm, causing them to bleed into data patterns before color-speeding from the area.
They traveled across the black electronic grid and then crossed over a barrier. They flew by buildings and roadways before finally coming to a rest in Tucker’s driveway. 
Doctor Rhodes released Tucker’s arm. Tucker found himself driving his jeep and pulling into the driveway. He slammed on the brakes and depressed the clutch before sliding to a stop in the gravel.
“Whoa! A warning would be nice next time?”
“Yeah, well let’s hope there’s not a next time. You go inside and tell this version of Cassie you had a wonderful breakfast with me, but I had to get to the hospital for rounds or something.”
Rhodes exited the jeep with Tucker and nodded his understanding, “See ya’ around, Doc,” he clicked his teeth as he pointed a stern finger before turning and heading inside.
Doctor Rhodes turned and sped-ran away from Tucker’s house and back to the black power grid.

Tucker entered the front door after he passed his wrist over the electronic keypad, causing his door to unlock.
He cautiously popped it open and peered inside. Seeing the coast was clear, he creaked it open and stepped inside.
Cassie came around the corner and startled him, “Jeez, Cass! A warning?”
“Hey, Tuck,” she said, wrapping her arms around his waist.
“Where you been all morning?”
He felt that strange sensation of Seeker sign, but kept it to himself, “Oh, yeah, Doctor Rhodes stopped by and we went out for breakfast at the Crow’s Nest... his treat.”
“His treat, Tucker, really?”
“Well, okay, I ended up paying since he forgot his wallet... again...”
“Uh huh, keep it rolling, Tuck...”
“No really, you gotta believe me. You can ask Maggie. Yeah, Maggie will tell you we were there. We both had their special... Hell, I even tried the apple pie... boy, was that a mistake.”
“That bad, lover boy?”
“Yeah, it was disgusting... really bad...”
A glass-like face materialized above Tucker and Cassie. Data bits surrounded the phenomenon. Tucker ignored the strange apparition as instructed by Rhodes.
“Oh, you poor baby, do you need me to make it all better?”
“Ah, gee, Cass, really? You would, um, you know, make mad passionate...”
Cassie swatted Tucker, “No, crazy man! Not in the middle of the day for heaven sakes. No, I mean another back rub. I just love touching your back and feeling your muscles.”
Tucker held Cassie by her waist and leaned down to kiss her. The apparition studied the two as they locked lips.
“Well, okay, lover boy... it’s not really the middle of the day is it?” She looked up into Tucker’s steel blue eyes.
“Time is irrelevant, Cass...”
Cassie grabbed Tucker by the hand and dragged him off to their bedroom as the glass-faced apparition vanished.


Chapter 5

Alien Sphere


Doctor Rhodes pulled at the fabric of the Core’s reality and opened a hole. He stepped through the tear and found himself in a dark corridor outside of the Alien Core.
The gestation tubes lining the walls of the complex told him he was in the Alien Sphere. The tubes were filled with half-human, half-alien forms. 
It was quiet.
Eerily quiet.
“Cass?” Doctor Rhodes whispered, “Gus? Do you guys hear me?”
Yes, Doctor, Cassie answered in Rhodes’ head. Gus and Buster were able to figure out how to reanimate your body so you can exit the Core.
What’s your status, Doctor? Gus added.
“I’m in the Alien Sphere,” Rhodes voiced as quietly as he could, “It looks like all the other spheres we’ve run into, Gus, only this one is making some kind of hybrid human.”
Doctor Rhodes’ body began to grow computer traces. He quickly formed body armor and moved down one of the darkened corridors, “I just grew armor, guys! I hear clinkers heading this way.”
Your clone can create anything you need it to as long as you have an amp charge, Buster instructed, But the more complex weapons and shields you use, the quicker your charge will drain.
“I got it, Buster, thanks for the warning, but I’ve got company!”
Try not to die, Doc! Cassie warned.
“Oh, don’t you worry, Cassie, I got this!”
Rhodes finished encapsulating his face with the green-tinted armor. Rail Gatling guns grew down his right arm as he held the palm of his left out in front, raising a blue sparkling shield.
He charged off at the three cyborg mechanical creatures. The cyborgs met his charge with fire with their rail guns. The shells bounced from Rhodes’ shield onto the gestation tubes. 
Rhodes opened fire through the shielding with his rapid-fire Gatling gun. A THU, THU, THU, THU echoed across the corridor and into the clinkers with every round he shot. The mechanical cyborgs quickly succumbed to his rail shot. 
The corridor quieted once more as Rhodes dropped his shield and lowered his rail gun to his side.
“Niffy!” Rhodes smiled, “I like these clone bodies!”
How’s your charge, Doc? Gus asked.
“Yeah, I’m feeling pretty charged up. That was only three of them and they didn’t have any shields. I’m sure that’ll change next time.”
You can expect at least five to seven on your next encounter, Cassie reported, just be ready for anything, Doc.
Maybe you should move to another level and hide behind the tube walls. You can tap in behind them to get intel, Doc.
“Yeah,” Rhodes answered as he withdrew the armor plating from his head. “I’m already sensing they’re forming a second squad.”
You better move out, Doc!
“I’m moving, Cass, not to worry.”
Doctor Rhodes withdrew his Gatling gun, returning his hand to normal before waving at the floor, “It worked for Tuck, it’ll work for me.”
A wave of energy ran down the Doctor’s cloned arm, opening the floor. Rhodes looked up just before jumping as he saw a team of aliens slithering down the corridor, accompanied by two clinkers.
Rhodes dropped through the floor and promptly sealed the opening with another wave of power.
Keep going, Rhodes! Gus shouted in his head.
“I’m going, I’m going!”
Rhodes waved his hand and dropped down the hole, he continued pouring the energy down, opening more holes as he went. After five levels, he slowed himself and then closed every opening, one by one until he was sure they were no longer pursuing.
“I think I gave them the slip.”
Good, Gus acknowledged, now’s the time to go behind a set of tubes, but run a few blitz patterns down the corridors first, just to mix it up.
“I got it, Gus,” Rhodes answered.
Withdrawing the green-tinted armor, Rhodes walked through a random corridor back wall. His clone body phased though the solid wall. He looked down his arms and legs and nodded.
“Niiice!”
You made it! Cassie praised. Now tap in to one of the conduits and read the data. Find Tucker.”
“Hey Buster, how about you sending me that same program you all used to wake up Bennie when Tucker was here.”
I need to know Tucker’s chip signature. I don’t think we have that, do we guys?
“Don’t we have his chip ID stored somewhere in our databanks?” 
 Yes, Gus answered, I’ve found it. Buster is going to write the program... stand by.
“That’s all I’ve been doing is standing by...”
While Buster gets his code ready, Cassie began, plug into the sphere and see what you can find out.
Doctor Rhodes held his left hand up and watched his fingers grow into a probe. He stood near one wire harness and jammed the probe into it.
Colored binary code traveled from Rhodes’ chip, down his arm and into the wire bundle.
“I’m getting data now... yes... Tucker is alive... I can read him, but still don’t know where... wait a minute... he’s been cloned.”
Oh no! Cassie exclaimed, say it isn’t so, Doctor.
“Yes, but I’m also getting more data now...”
Don’t hold back, Doc, Gus added, Buster will be ready in a couple more minutes from what I can see... yep, he’s nodding.
“It seems the sphere is critically low on resources... The Tucker-clone is made, but it’s mainly a mechanical version. They didn’t have enough material to give him skin.”
That’s good for us, Doc, Gus began, That means that any resistance you do encounter, you’ll be able to overcome those forces without worrying about a new squad on the way.
Can you get Tucker’s location? Cassie asked.
“Yeah, his host is nearly going to be unreachable. It’s several more levels down. Farther from me than if I were at the lower levels. I can read three squads of five surrounding and patrolling nearby his host. But there is one interesting thing.”
You better hurry, Doc, Buster here is about to upload that program.
“Yeah, maybe if you load the program, but don’t initialize it until I’m closer. I can plug back in and launch the file from another location.”
Buster says yes, and he’s uploading the file to your cloned chip now.
“Something else noteworthy: it seems the alien material is in a degrading state on the lower levels. They have lost entire sections and are relying on the ship’s shielding to hold the sphere together. It’s the saltwater they were exposed to. We can completely destroy this sphere ship if we fired multiple missiles of our water to them.”
We have some saltwater onboard, Cassie nodded, We use that as ballast when we are underwater. We never emptied those tanks, so we have a bunch we can use.
“Just wait until we get Tucker out first. My guess is that saltwater will take this sphere out in a matter of minutes.”
Roger that, Doc, Gus acknowledged. Buster has uploaded the program. We’ll start building those salt bombs. Let us know when you’re close to releasing Tucker.
“Yeah, I’m going to bug outta here, I think they’re tracing me back to this location. I know where Tucker is. Now to make my way there. My suggestion, is to have Sam reposition our point of entry at the weak side of the sphere. Tucker is only three levels up from where the last solid corridor is. We can make our entry there. Five levels from the entrance Gus and Griffin made.”
Perfect, Gus added, we’ll have whiz-kid come up with a fancy airlock we can erect to get you to the ship’s entry point.
“Sounds like a plan, Gus,” Rhodes finished.
He quickly withdrew his probe from the wire bundle. The colored ones and zero patterns traveled up his arm and back into his chip.
“Okay,” Rhodes said silently to himself, “Now to go down about another dozen levels.”
With is new amp charge, Doctor Rhodes opened the floor from where he was and began his decent.

Alien Sphere

The three tentacle-legged alien X-99 stood before his master. Two crystal orbs floated before Xat-Anah, who rested the palms of his hands gently on them. Purple sparks emanated from the floor of the main sphere command chamber.
“What do you mean, one of the clones has reanimated within the sphere?”
“We have encountered resistance from one clone, your Excellency.”
“How many resources have we lost?”
“We have lost three mechanical drones. The second squad of three X models and two mechanical models has lost the clone on one of the upper levels.”
“You lost one of their clones and three mechanicals are destroyed, by one single clone?”
“Yes, your Excellency, it is true.”
“How is this possible that they’ve been able to activate a clone? Do we know who’s it was?”
“The clone signature is Doctor Rhodes.”
“One of their ships must be close enough to make contact with our data stream! What about Tucker?”
“Tucker is safe within the Core, your Excellency. Seekers have been alerted to an attempted contact, but the records containing that event have been damaged.”
“No doubt from the sphere degradation we are experiencing...”
“Yes, your Excellency. I have ensured that our sphere shielding will hold until we reach our home.”
“Which is in how much time?”
“Two and a half days, your Excellency.”
“Very well. I want a comprehensive scan around our sphere ship. Find them! Find them before they have a chance of freeing the human Colonel.”
X-99 bowed to his leader, “Yes, your Excellency, we will find them.”
“Now,” Xat-Anah smiled, “Bring in the Tucker-clone. I wish to see how he is doing.”
“By your command, your Excellency.”
The room’s illumination elevated as a mechanical clone clomped into the command chamber. The machine’s clanking noises echoed across the open-air domed structure until the cyborg came to a halt.
The whirring servos whined as they provided balance to the mechanical cyborg.
“Well, now, Mister Tucker. I do apologize for the lack of resources to finish your cloned body.”
The mechanical cyborg raised its arms and motioned with its hands to where the machine’s mouth should be.
“Oh, yes, yes, that is another issue. We were not able to accommodate you with another speech mechanism. At least not for the moment... you do understand, don’t you?”
The mechanical cyborg buzzed and whirred more as it moved its hands to where its hips would be.
“It is not a necessary function at this time, Mister Tucker. If you wish to verbalize, I suppose I can accommodate your needs for a few minutes.”
Xat-Anah motioned to the X-99 servant who immediately extended its hand. A bolt of lightning exited the two floating orbs, making contact with X-99’s appendage. The energy burned his arm down to a short stub. Grimacing but tolerating the great pain, the X-99 unit slowly rose his other hand, palm up. The bolt of energy passed from the creature’s stub to his palm.
Once the electricity faded, the X-99 held a device that could plug into a receptacle on the mechanical cyborg’s neck.
Raising up on its tentacles, the X-99 unit inserted the device with a click into the cyborg’s receptacle. 
Stepping away from the cyborg, X-99 cradled his arm stump and gazed on at Xat-Anah.
“Oh, do not worry yourself, X-99. You will get your arm back soon enough.”
X-99 bowed his acknowledgement, the pain showing within the pitiful creature’s eyes.
 A buzzing sounded. Then a pop and two clicks noised before the voice box squawked Tucker’s electronic voice, “Jeez, where... do... they find... them...”
“I can see you wish to utilize your voice box for trivial purposes. If you insist, I can remove it now and give it back to X-99.”
“N--n--n--no, I have important... information... you must... listen to me...”
“Very well, I shall afford you two more minutes. Go.”
“Tucker’s mind is confirmed safely within the Core. My Host is secure. There are several squads of mechanicals protecting the DNA extraction chamber. There is a ship off our sphere’s apex and within twenty-five kilometers. They are using stealth mode and therefore, are not detectable by our scanners. I suggest that they are the reason for the Doctor Rhodes clone reanimation.”
“X-99, I thought those clone signatures were isolated! How is it they were allowed to do this?”
“Again, your Excellency, it is due to the degradation caused by the foreign water substance our sphere came in contact with when we hovered over Earth’s oceans.”
“Are we able to maintain sphere integrity?”
“Your Excellency...”
“I wasn’t asking you, X-99!” Xat-Anah snapped, “I was asking Mister Tucker.”
More whirring sounded as the Tucker cyborg turned to X-99 and then returned to Xat-Anah, “My circuits have calculated that due to the increasing likelihood of skirmishes with the pursuing humans, our resources will be depleted to the point that we lose shield integrity in no more than thirty-six hours. My recommendation is to seek out the human vessel and destroy it before that time.”
X-99 slithered forward, “I suggest we capture them and use them to extract more DNA. This is the better strategy, your Excellency. We need their resources added to our own.”
“Mister Tucker? What do you say about X-99’s alternative solution? Capture them and add their DNA to our own, or destroy them before they cause us to utilize so many resources that our sphere collapses?”
“My calculations are arcuate, your Excellency,” the Tucker-clone answered, turning back to the X-99 and back to Xat-Anah, “I stand by my original solution. Allowing them further access to our core and sphere will spell disaster. I am well aware of the resolve these humans have in rescuing me. Understand, they will attempt my host’s release.”
Xat-Anah turned to X-99, “I agree with the Tucker-clone. However, until they are located and can be destroyed, you will continue to search for and isolate this rogue clone of Doctor Rhodes. If and only if you discover a safe way to capture them for DNA extraction, we will move forward. Otherwise, we will proceed with Mister Tucker’s plan. Do I make myself clear on this?
“Yes, your Excellency. Very.”


Chapter 6

Alien Sphere


Doctor Rhodes ran down corridors, ducking in and out of back walls. Sweat trickled down the back of his neck and his arms. His forehead beaded with droplets that painted his determination in finding Tucker.
“I’m very close now, guys!”
Don’t risk being caught, Doctor, Cassie urged. If there are too many of them, just activate the subroutine and we’ll bug you outta there.
Rhodes liquefied a wall and stepped through, then sealed himself inside, “Yeah, yeah, I’m finding it harder to retain any kind of charge. I’m not going to reach him and put up any kind of fight. Alone.”
Gus says he’s ready to pull you out, Doc. Activate the program and wake him up. Sam is in position to crash the sphere. Reinforcements are only a couple minutes away, Doc!
“Good, Cass, because I’m going to need all the help we can get. Have Gus send me in as soon as I activate the program. It’ll take a minute to reach him and I think I better give him a heads up inside the Core.”
Good idea, Doc. Sam says give the word and a crashing we’ll a go!
Doctor Rhodes’ vision blurred and then refocused. He examined his armor-plated hand and discovered it withdrew into the clone traces, “Cass, this clone is beginning to lose cohesion. Have Sam crash the sphere now!”
Crashing in ten seconds, Cass reported.
Rhodes concentrated on his hand and managed to grow a probe on the end of his finger. Sweat continued to drop from his forehead as he plunged the probe into the wire bundle.
The program data flowed in patterns of zeros and ones into the harness and vanished.
Extracting his probe, his hand quickly returned to normal and then began dissolving into the floor, “Transfer me over to the Core! They’ve got a lock on my clone matter. I’m being reabsorbed into the sphere!”

Alien Core
Time is irrelevant

Doctor Rhodes found himself running through Tucker’s outer gate and down the gravel drive to the front door. He slid to a stop just before reaching the cement walkway and decided not to knock.
“Screw it! I don’t have time...” he began to speed run through the solid door and flashed with light colors into Tucker’s bedroom.
Tucker shot upright as Cassie covered her nakedness with the sheet.
“What the hell are you doing, Doctor!? Get outta here!”
“Sorry Cass,” Rhodes said before grabbing Tucker by the forearm, “You’re not real, and neither is any of this. It’s wakey, wakey, time, Tucker!”
The two sped-ran through Tucker’s house, suddenly reforming and stopping on the roadway outside his gravel driveway.
“Sorry, Tucker, I just ran the wake-up program! Get ready for action!”
The screaming voice of Cass rang in their ears as they saw her running down the gravel driveway in full red-skinned Vanguard armor.
“Run!” Rhodes shouted.
The two took off running down the road. Tucker looked over his shoulder and panicked, “She going faster, Doc!”
“C’mon, Tuck, follow my lead!”
Rhodes held his hands out and thought of forming a cycle under him. He mounted the crotch-rocket and sped off. Tucker followed his actions and formed himself a speeding bike.
The two sped down the road on their created speeders. Tucker glanced over at Rhodes, “Nifty... so, what’s up, Doc?”
“You’re about to wake up inside the sphere DNA extraction room. You’re surrounded by three squads of five mechanical cyborgs each. You’ll be amped, but it’ll take a few seconds before your memory syncs.”
“You could have given me better odds, Doc,”
The two bikes continued to zip down the curved road. They leaned right and then back left as they followed the sharp curves of the road.
“I did... The Salvage-5 is crashing into the lower levels of the sphere. They’re making their way to us now... that is if I can reactivate my clone again.... otherwise, best of luck, Colonel.”
Rhodes gave Tucker a salute before banking away to the right-hand turn. Tucker began feeling sleepy. His cycle began to waver and he lost control. He shut his eyes to brace for impact but before his body impacted with the ground, his eyes shot open.
He found himself lying on a zero-gravity chair. Something was whirring behind him as the jack from his chip unplugged and the probe swung away.
Shaking his head, his arms and legs became untethered. Tucker sat upright and looked around. The pain in his shoulder was bad. The three partially healed bullet wounds stained his shirt a deep red. He winced as he turned to drop his feet from the zero-gravity chair.
“Wow, Doc, you really need to improve your bedside manner, jeez!”
Looking down his arms, Tucker imagined growing an armor of protection. Watching the data patterns flow down each of his arms, Tucker raised his eyebrows, “I’m thinkin’ we’re about to spoil someone’s day over up in here!”
Jumping down from the table, Tucker finished growing his green-tinted armor and two rail guns down each arm.
“Okay, you bastards! Heeeer’s Johnny!”
Tucker took off for the alien exit and easily slipped through before making the wall return to its solidified state.
Tucker met with five mechanical cyborgs, all aiming their rail guns at him. Raising his arms, he opened fire on the five and raised a shield from each arm. 
Their returning rail shot bounced across his shields as Tucker quickly mowed down the first five cyborgs. He stepped over their debris and stopped at opening of the next corridor. He aimed a rail gun down each passage and fired at the two remaining squads of mechanical cyborgs. 
The two squads quickly adapted and raised shielding of their own, absorbing each of Tucker’s rounds.
The cyborgs began to advancing towards him from each side, squeezing him in the corridor.

Salvage-5

“I’m in position, Cass!” Sam shouted down to the crew compartment below.
“Rhodes says to crash the sphere!”
“You got it, Sister! Ten seconds!”
Sam pulled the throttle control to a negative setting and released the ship’s inertial dampener. The speed the ship was traveling and the sudden reverse change slammed the Salvage-5 into the weak spot on the alien sphere. She slammed the throttle to drive the ship as far inside the alien sphere as possible.
Sam closed her eyes and concentrated as she eased the throttle to neutral, flipped controls, and pressed buttons on her consoles, “I’m switching power systems from stealth to maximum shielding. That’ll create our air bubble to the pressurized sphere section... I’m all set here,” Sam shouted, “Move out!”
Cassie and Gus held their weapons at the ready. Each armed with a full amp charge, two grenade packs and alien blaster rifles, they grew full green-skinned armor while they stood on the load ramp and waited for Sergeant Samuels to lower them. 
“Just remember, Cass,” You don’t have a host, so treat this body like it’s your last one, ‘cause it is.”
“You too, Gus. You be careful too, you got me!?”
“I’ve already been saved three times, so I think it’s about time we return the favor... you ready?”
The ramp hit the alien deck with a clunk.
“Let’s do this!”
“Stay in comm contact at all times, Cass,” Sergeant Samuels said, holding a rail gun of his own, “We’ll hold this position!”
Buster sat at his console behind Sam, comm link on and amp cable plugged in, “I’m monitoring our perimeter... so far you’re all clear until the next two levels up!”
“We read you, Buster,” Cassie acknowledged through her suit of armor, “We’re at the shield’s edge. We’re crossing over now. Hopefully, Buster’s enhancements to our chips are enough to stay in comm link.”
“Don’t take too long,” Buster added, “I don’t know how long our amp charge pushing our shields through our ship will last.”
“Don’t worry, Buster,” Gus answered, “We’ll try to make quick work of it.”
The two crossed over the energy barrier and lit up their helmet lights.
“We left this place a mess!” Gus exclaimed.
Their lights shined across scores of destroyed gestation tubs. The decomposing sphere substance made the floors squishy to walk on.
“Let’s finish these off and head up a level!” Cass opened fire with her blaster.
Gus aimed his blaster in the opposite direction, taking out two dozen more tubes along the corridor.
“Captain Clark,” Cassie said, holding her weapon at the ready, “Any readings yet?”
“That woke up the place, they’re sending reinforcements. Ten o-clock direction and two levels up.”
“Thank you, Buster,” Gus nodded, “C’mon, Cass! Let’s intercept them!”
“How many do we have, Buster?”
“Seven clinkers with shielding!”
“Thanks for the bright news, Captain Clark. We’re cutting them off at the pass, so to speak.”
Moving one level up, the two quickly ran a few feet to a corridor crossway.
“Cass, you have timers on those grenades?”
“That’s an affirmative!”
“Good! Set two of your concussion ‘nades, one for a 45 and one for a 50 second delay. Put the first one here and other here,” he pointed to spots on the wall and floor.
Gus motioned over his shoulder with his thumb, “I’ll go this way and around the corner. You go that way,” he continued, aiming his finger down the opposite corridor, “Wait for my signal and open fire with everything you got!”
Cassie quickly set the timers and planted the concussion grenades as Gus instructed. Then she trotted down the corridor and around the corner.
“How soon, Buster?” Cass asked over her comm link.
“They’re right on top of you now, Cass!”
The squad of mechanical cyborg clanked down the corridor. They stopped at the intersection. Three clones held shielding at each corridor passage as one kneeled down to inspect the device on the ground. 
The mechanical cyborg’s camera eye sent pictures to Xat-Anah’s console. The silver clone watched as the red counter on the devices display slowly counted down, 3... 2... 1...
Before Xat-Anah could warn the squad, the concussion grenade detonated, shredding the mechanical’s head. The clinker fell to the ground, its chip and connection to the control room destroyed. The second grenade detonated, leaving flying metal debris imbedding into the corridor, the three shields keeping the blast neatly contained.
Cassie and Gus each stepped out from their corridor, catching the remaining clinkers dazed and off guard. Their rail shot peppered the cyborg shield, casting a bright sheen of electric power that slowly faded as they continued riddling the shield with blue blaster and shot. 

Doctor Rhodes exited from behind the tube wall and into the corridor. He heard gun fire around the corner and took off in that direction. He tried to grow armor, but it retracted back into the skin traces. He then attempted to form a weapon, but it was of no use, his amp charge was nearly gone. With the drain of the sphere programming attempting to isolate his signature, he continued to fade as more of the clone body was left behind, dripping and oozing into the floor, back into the alien matter.
Rounding the corner, he saw a weapon from a fallen mechanical cyborg and picked it off the ground before it had a chance to reabsorb.
 He quickly aimed his new weapon at the closest clinker and blew a hole through the center of the cyborg with one shot.
Tucker stood in full body armor and his two rail guns at the opposite end of the corridor, ceasing his barrage of weapons fire as the last clinker fell to the ground.
Rhodes scooped up another weapon as he ran toward Tucker and tossed it across the corridor. Tucker snatched the weapon, cocked it and fired it after turning around to face the upper half of a mechanical as it crawled toward him.
The blue energy bolt short-circuited the clinker’s remaining power cell. Its arms collapsed and its face slammed to the floor. Tucker stood over to the thing and planted several rounds into its head, ensuring the chip was completely destroyed.
Rhodes caught up to Tucker as he retracted his face gear to talk to the Doctor, “What’s the matter, Doc?”
“I’m losing more cohesion. Here,” Rhodes offered Tucker his blaster rifle, “I have to return to my body... sorry, Tuck. I did the best I could.”
It’s okay, Doc!” Tucker praised, “You did great!”
“Join back with the Sarge and help him hold that position.”
“Cassie and Gus are on their way to you. Go that direction and three levels down. That’s the exit point,” Rhodes said as his clone body melted into the floor.
“No rest for the weary!” Rhodes managed to smile up at Tucker before he faded completely into the floor of the complex.
Tucker held his two blaster rifles up and cocked them both before making his way along the corridor and down a level.

Doctor Rhodes fluttered his eyes as he began to realize he returned to his body.
“Get me up already!” Rhodes protested.
Sam headed down from the pilot house and made her way to Rhodes. She unbuckled his legs first and then his arms as the machine unplugged from the back of his chip.
“Thanks, Sam. We have any weapons left?”
“I think there’s a rail gun or two back there.”
Doctor Rhodes patted Sam’s shoulder, “Just like old times, eh?”
“Yeah, we had good times, Doc. Just don’t do anything stupid out there, okay?”
“Yeah, I got this, Sam.”
Rhodes exited the crew cabin and ran over to the weapons locker. Taking a rail gun and two clips, he raced down the ramp and met Sargent Samuels.
“Nice of you to join the party, Doc,” Samuels chuckled.
“I’ve been at the party, Sarge. I crashed it, remember?”
“I know, Doc, I’m just flipping you crap, that’s all. Arm your gun and help me hold them off. Buster says they’re assembling a large squad of fifty mechanicals.”
“I don’t like the sound of that.”
“Let’s just hope Cassie and Gus reach Tucker in time.”
“How long do we have anyway?”
“Buster says we don’t have much time.”
“Can you narrow that down a little, Samuels?”
 “Maybe an hour at best, I think is what the whiz-kid said.”
“How long ago was that?”
“About thirty minutes ago.”
“Great, just great.”
“It’s the best we have.”
The sphere quaked, shifting the Salvage-5.
“From the looks of things, I don’t think we have more than twenty,” Samuels and Rhodes heard over their comm link.
“What’s happening, Buster?” Samuels asked.
“The sphere degradation. The ship is shifting under the degrading alien matter.
“Okay, Sam,” Samuels began, “Aim the ship’s harpoons, one at each corner. Once they attach, reel the cables tight. That’ll hold the ship steady for a bit more.”
“Roger that, Sarge,” Sam manipulated her side console and pressed the fire sequence. 
Two harpoons launched and imbedded into the sphere, “Target locked! Sam shouted over the comm link, “Stand ready, I’m reeling us tight.”
The Salvage-5 creaked and groaned under the new stresses from the harpoons. The cables tightened, anchoring the ship to the sphere.
“I sure hope that helps,” Sam said over the comm link.
“Hey, Buster, you got an update?” Samuels asked.
“Yeah, they’re about fifteen minutes from having this squad ready to launch.”
“We might just pull this off,” Samuels smiled.
Rhodes glanced over to the Sergeant, “I sure hope you’re right, Sarge.”
“Me too, Doc. Me too!”


Chapter 7

Alien Sphere


Xat-Anah studied his floating display. His almond eyes narrowed as he shouted, “X-99! Get in here, NOW!”
The X-99 creature slithered into the center of the control room to stand before his leader, “I understand your displeasure at their breaching our sphere ship. There was nothing we could have done to prevent it. It is the corrosive property of the alien water. This is causing our systems on the lower decks to fail.”
“We are going to lose the ship if we do not counter this corrosive material! The intruders have already taken out several squads, further depleting our vital resources. It may be too late to capture them!”
“My apologies, your Excellency, we are doing everything we can to hold the ship together.”
“Bring the Tucker-clone to me!”
“Yes, your Excellency,” the creature held up his data pad and pressed a button to summon the clone.
The Tucker clone clanked and whirred as it stepped into the control center.
Xat-Anah addressed the clone, “I’m sending you in to destroy them all! Take no survivors!”
The Tucker-clone shrugged its shoulders and pointed again to where its mouth is.
“No! There is no time to give you any voice. I am sorry if your host has been released. That cannot be helped. You will carry out your instructions, do I make myself clear?”
The metal cyborg turned and clanked out of the control center. The unit activated the guns that extended from its arms, aiming them down each corridor before continuing its decent to the lower levels of the complex.
“Our final squad of fifty mechanicals will be descending to their location in five minutes.”
“It appears this sphere will not survive, even if we stop the attacks. Prepare to abandon the main sphere complex. This command dome sub-section will launch independently of the sphere. There are enough power reserves in this command sub-structure to return to Earth.”
“By your command, your Excellency.”

Doctor Rhodes shouted up the cargo ramp to the pilot house, “Sam! Buster! We’re gonna need your help on this one!”
“I see the squad, Doctor Rhodes,” Buster yelled back, “What do you want us to do?”
“Sam, arm all ship weapons and point them at the rear. Buster, I need you to go in and activate your clone body. I’ve got a special mission for you.”
“Oh wow, I get to have some clone walking fun,” Buster’s smile soon faded, “Wait, what? You want me, to, err, ah, activate my clone?”
“Yes, Buster, you’re the only one left that has one ready that can.”
“Okay, Sam,” Buster said, unbuckling his harness, “You good?”
“Yeah, Buster, I think so... go... I got this, okay?”
Sam returned Buster’s smile and proceeded to turn the upper turret and reposition the side rail guns, “As if I don’t have enough to worry about, I just picked up something on our scanners… It’s another ship… I’m going to refine the ship’s scanning parameters. Keep you all posted on this one.” 
Buster climbed down the ladder and headed to his compartment where his DNA extraction chair waited.
He pressed a few controls and the machine came to life, “Okay guys, I’m heading in now!”
Rhodes ran up the cargo ramp, his gun slung over his shoulder, “No! Wait Buster! It’s not what you think.”
“What is it then?” the young Captain paused.
“I’m going to send you into the Core for a special mission.”
“We already got Tucker out of there.”
“I know, I know, but we need a diversion. They won’t look for you there, here... if you get my drift.”
“Ahhh, I see. So, I’m going to enter the Core but program my clone body to reanimate in the sphere... kind of like a stealth mission, huh!”
“Buster, my boy, you never cease to amaze me at your perceptive prowess.”
“Oh, ah, err, really?”
Doctor Rhodes rolled his eyes as he finished programming the clone station, “You’re going to like it inside the core, Buster, just don’t go too wild, okay?”
“Okay, what do I do?”
“Okay, your clone reanimation is going to take place just outside our shield, but it’s going to take it a couple minutes before it does. When you’re in the Core, it’s going to look exactly like this. You’ll know it’s not real if you use your peripheral vision.”
Buster turned his head slightly sideways, looking out to one side, “I’ve never really been able to do that real good, Doc.”
Doctor Rhodes caught Buster from spinning in a circle and held him still, “You don’t move your body,” Rhodes held his hand out to one side, “Can you see me wiggling my fingers.”
“Yeah, I see that. Can I do that next?”
“Focus Buster!””
“Oh, sorry, sure, go ahead, Doc.”
“Four minutes!” Sergeant Samuels shouted.
“Climb in the chair and I’ll get you started. Once you’re inside the Core, I need you to create as much havoc as you can to those systems.”
“They’re not real though.”
“No, they’re not. But it will confuse the processor of the real sphere. You only need two minutes inside. When you exit, you’ll be tearing at the fabric of the Core’s reality. Step through and plunge the probe you’ll see on your right hand into the floor of the complex. That’s it.”
“Gosh, what’s the special program?”
The servos began to whir as the arm behind Buster moved into position.
“Hopefully, it will cause their CPU to crash. It’s an endless loop equation. I am going to tell the sphere core that this math problem takes top priority in order to solve the critical resource issue.”
“Sounds like a good one, Doc,” Buster winced as the probe clicked into position.
“Three minutes!” They heard the Sarge shout.
“Don’t worry about a thing, Buster,” Rhodes said, looking down at the young officer.
Buster closed his eyes and drifted off into the Alien Core.

Cassie and Gus continued their ascent to another level when they heard a soft whisper down one corridor, “Psssst.”
Cassie looked around with Gus poking his head over the top of Cassie’s as they peered down the corridor.
“Tucker?” Cassie whispered in return, “Is that you, Tuck?”
 “Yeah,” Tucker whispered down the corridor. “C’mon, you two, form up!”
Cassie and Gus came out from around the corner and ran to Tucker. His face armor retracted as he watched Cassie fling into his arms.
“Oh Tucker! I didn’t ever think I’d see you again!”
“You came back for me? And Gus too? I’m impressed, guys!”
“When Sam took off from the sphere, you were shot in the back. I thought you had been killed until Trudy says she read your chip signature still alive.”
Tucker looked down each corridor and pointed down one, “We’ll have time for all your stories of heroism later! Right now, we got’s to be movin’!”
 “He’s right,” Gus said, growing his armor over his face once more. “Clinkers are on the move... fifty of them. We’ll have just enough time to flank them!”
“Wish we had a MECH right about now,” Cassie protested, “This is my only clone body, so let’s proceed with some reasonable amount of caution here.”
“We’re all in the same boat, Cassie,” Gus reminded, “This is my only clone body as well.”
“Move out!” Tucker ordered with a wave of his rail gunned arm.
The three took off. Cassie held ready for a shield as Gus and Tucker covered the front and rear.
The three made their way down the next corridor.
It became eerily quiet.
“We need to go down,” Cassie advised. “Get off this floor. Maybe double back and confuse them.”
Tucker slid to a stop at the end of one corridor and waved his hand at the floor, opening a passage to a lower deck. 
“Okay, let’s move out!” Tucker whispered.
Cassie looked at Tucker as she passed by. Gus followed her down the sloping passage with Tucker taking up the rear.
The three came to a crossroads in the complex and stopped.
“Shhh,” Cassie said, placing her cloned finger to her lips, “I think I heard something…”
They ducked around one of the corners with their backs firmly planted on the alien wall. 
Intently listening, Gus’ eyebrows rose, “I hear something coming this way, alright.”
Off in the distance, they heard the clanking metallic footsteps getting louder with every few steps.
“That’s not a good sound, guys,” Cassie gulped, “I think we need to go down another level.”
“No! It’ll just follow us, Cass,” Tucker nodded toward the open corridor. “I think we need to face this one head on!”
Cassie raised her hands, making ready for action when Tucker dashed out from behind the corner. He held his rail gun at the approaching mechanical cyborg and let loose.
Cassie ran out with Tucker, raising a shield just in time to stop the alien cyborg’s return fire.
Railgun rounds bounced off of Cassie’s shield as Tucker continued sending his own rounds down the corridor and pinging the metal plating of the cyborg.
The two stopped firing their weapons.
The corridor became quite once more.
As the smoke cleared. Cassie continued holding her shield as Gus entered the corridor.
“Well, don’t you look somewhat familiar,” Gus first said.
Tucker glanced between Gus and the alien cyborg, “Nah, he doesn’t look a thing like me. C’mon, just look at that jaw line. Mine is much more pronounced!”
“It’s your clone, Tuck. It’s an exact copy,” Cassie protested.
“What do you want?” Gus asked the mechanical Tucker.
The mechanical pointed with its free hand to the missing voice module.
“Ahhh,” Tucker began, “I see the cat’s got his tongue.”
“No, more like Xat-Anah has it,” Gus answered. “I’m linked to this clone at the moment. I was able to download some data about this one.”
“Is that why I stopped firing at myself?”
“That, yes and the fact that once it discovered you were its host, it stopped to calculate the statistics of either killing you or capturing you. That’s when I was able to get inside its head.”
“Hey, stay outta my head, Gus!”
“Not you, Tuck,” Gus pointed, “That!”
“How about we reprogram this cyborg copy of me and get on our way outta here?”
“I don’t know if I can do that, Tuck. It’s sentient, just like we are…”
“… you…”
“… us,” Cassie finished, “Or did you forget I’m one of them too?”
“No…”
“… You two stop it already!” Cassie protested, “Can we communicate with it or not?”
“Jeez, Cass,” Gus frowned, “Did your new clone body come with some extra hardware, or somethin’?”
“… Or something! Now, can you or not?”
Glancing between the Tucker cyborg and Cassie, Gus began his explanation, “I won’t be able to hold my control on this one for too long, but I’ve given it instructions on how to build its voice module.”
“That’s great, Gus,” Tucker asked, “But how do you know how to build a voice module?”
“You forget? I’m connected to this complex. Not to mention the ones before, but I have those files still inside this clone head,” Gus tapped the side of his temple, “So, I just copied that file to the cyborg-Tuck. He has something to say to you.”
“He? That,” Tucker pointed, “is an it!”
“Get over it, Tuck,” Gus smirked, “Anyway, it is growing a voice box.”
“What else did you read from this one?” Cassie asked, continuing to hold her shield.
“I know we better get out soon. This sphere is disintegrating. Xat-Anah is planning on abandoning the main sphere.”
“He can do that?” Cassie protested.
“He realizes he can’t make it home now, so he’s planning on returning to Earth. Oh, and he knows Jenny is missing.”
“We have to stop him from returning, Gus!” Tucker nodded. “That’s my grandchild he’s planning on taking to Sirius!”
“If we don’t get back to the ship, we won’t have any chance at stopping him,” Cassie added.
“She’s right, Tuck. The ship is our best bet. If this sphere loses cohesion, we’ll all be sucked out into space!”
The mechanical cyborg gathered the alien substance around its mouth, forming the necessary voice parts. They heard squeaks, pops and buzzing before a barely recognizable voice sounded.
“Tucker… Petersen… Colonel…” the mechanical voiced. “Cassandra… Phillips… Petersen… Cassie… Sassie.”
The mechanical then pointed to Gus, “Gus… Jamison… Major… Clone…”
“Very nice introductions, an all, but can you get to the point?” Tucker turned to Cassie, “Jeez, where do they find ‘em?”
The mechanical gestured with its hands, “we find them here, in this complex…”
“Niiice,” Cassie scowled, “One’s bad enough, now we have two of ‘em.”
“We kind of should be getting on our way,” Tucker said, raising his rail guns at the mechanical once more.
“Very… well… the results are in and I have calculated it would be better if I eliminate the Tucker host…”
Cassie grew sweat that beaded on her forehead, “I can’t hold this shield for too much longer, Tuck!”
Tucker and Gus let loose with their weapons at the mechanical cyborg. Hundreds of rounds hit the cyborg, many bounced off the chest armor while several imbedded into the metal, leaving dents in the armor.
Cassie’s shield began to visibly deteriorate as the cyborg returned fire. Rounds from the cyborg began penetrating her shield. But that took almost all of their velocity, so the rounds clanked to the floor.
The cyborg was driven back a step from the added blasts of Gus’ weapon fire. The clinker dropped it’s shield and flailed its arms backwards, the rail shot traveled up into the ceiling before the clone stopped firing and ducked around the corridor. 
Cassie collapsed to one knee, her shield evaporating in a cloud of white vapor, “That’s it, Tuck. I need to recharge a moment!”
“Don’t take too long, Cass,” Tucker answered, “We need to chaise it before it gets away!”
Gus nodded his agreement, “C’mon, let’s move out!”
Not waiting for Cassie’s recharge, Gus darted around the corner, followed by Tucker, both holding their rail guns at the ready.
The target was gone.
“C’mon, Cass,” Gus motioned, “Its already on the move!”
“My guess is it’s going to circle back to attack from the rear”
Gus turned his head at Tucker, “That’s what you think?”
“That’s exactly what I would do! C’mon, it’s behind the wall!”
The three extended their arms and shot an amped wave of energy at the wall. Stepping through the liquified wall, they watched as the mechanical left the room on the opposite side.
“Double back,” Gus ordered, growing a grenade launcher on his free arm, and darted back into the corridor. 
Tucker and Cassie ran after Gus.
Cassie raised her hands as she watched the mechanical open fire at Gus, her shield surrounded the area just in front of him.
Rounds bounced off the thin layer of protection as Gus fired three rounds into the chest of the mechanical. Tucker shot his rail gun tinging his rounds at his mechanical-self.  The impact caused it to backup two steps before the three rounds detonated.
The three dove to the safety of the next corridor just before the fire ball reached them. The exploding grenades sent the mechanical into thousands of pieces, melting into the floor as the sphere reabsorbed the broken cyborg.
Gus’s hand returned to normal, Cassie lowered her shield and Tucker stood in the corridor with his hands on his hips.
“Wow, just wow,” Tucker nodded.
He stepped over to his former mechanical-self and watched at the remaining metal pieces melt into the floor.
“Okay, let’s keep moving.  The ship is down a few more levels,” Gus nodded.
The three used the back areas and dropped three more levels before exiting into the corridor. 
“Shhh,” Cassie said, placing a finger to her lips, “do you hear that?”
Gus grew a probe on his left index finger and jammed it into the alien wall, “I’m reading a squad… it’s a big one too! Fifty mechanicals in total… one squad split off… they’re going to try and cut us off from the Ship. The other half is behind us!”
Metal clanking was heard as more than twenty mechanicals rounded the corridor several hall lengths away and opened fire.
“Run!” Tucker shouted.


Chapter 8

Alien Core
Time is irrelevant 


Buster found himself walking down the street of downtown Seattle. He looked up to the sky and saw darkness. Then he studied the buildings.
“This isn’t where Doctor Rhodes said I would land. I wonder what’s going on, anyway.”
He continued, only the way Buster knew how to walk nonchalantly, down the bustling streets. His stiff walking and careful foot placement still drew no attention to the passer byers. Buster focused on not making eye contact with anyone, but began to turn sideways as he walked the more he tried looking out his peripheral vision.
Others began to walk by, their eyes darting to his odd behavior.
Try not to draw attention to yourself, Buster thought, keep it together, mister… you can do this… yeah, I think I know what Doctor Rhodes was talking about. All these folks are flickering… yeah, they’re not real… “O-M-G,” Buster blurted, oh crap, yeah, keep it to yourself… but oh man, oh man, I’m inside the alien core… Buster said, almost giddy, this is just weird.
The longer Buster walked the more the streets filled with fake humans. They looked similar to each other. A dozen or so difference faces, all of them walking against Buster’s flow down the sidewalk.
The more computer-generated people that appeared, the more they began to bump into Buster as they passed.
Buster saw an opening in the flow of people and darted up a few steps and into an open door. The building he walked into was not like any typical downtown building in Seattle, but more like the alien corridors that he was familiar with.
“Whooooa,” Buster exclaimed, “I’ll bet I can find a central processing unit somewhere in here.”
He ventured further inside the building, briskly walking along a long hallway with too many doors. Eventually, the repeating doors turned into gestation tubes and the hallway looked more like the alien sphere.
Buster gulped, but continued on, “I know this isn’t real… this isn’t real...” the young Captain chanted.
He slowed to examine one of the tubes that he thought he saw movement inside.
He brought the palm of his hand up to the wet and fogged up glass. With a swipe of his hand, Buster jumped back into the center of the corridor and yelped.
“Oh NO!”
He carefully moved closer to the wall and slowly peered inside, “How in thee heck did I get inside here?”
The Buster clone shot its eyes open and raised its hands to the glass. Buster held his hand up to the clone inside the tube and smiled, “Hey there, fella… heh, heh, how ya’ doin?”
The Buster clone smiled in return and then proceeded to push its cloned glasses up its nose.
Buster stepped back once more as the tube began draining. The liquid substance gurgled as it emptied from the tube’s drain in the floor. The Buster clone began reaching around its body and unplugged its connections, never taking its eyes off of the Buster who stood speechless in the alien corridor.
“Umm, greetings? Heh, heh, now you just take it easy in there… this is me that you’re lookin’ at.”
The clone finished yanking all its connections and then lifted its arm toward the real Buster, who watched as the dimly smiling clone grew a rail gun down its arm. 
“Now hold on there, Me! You can’t shoot at me!”
Buster grew a shield, deflecting the rail gun shot from the Buster clone.
The alien projectiles ricocheted back into the tube, riddling the Buster clone. Its arms flailed briefly then it collapsed inside the tube.
Buster lowered his shield, shoved his glasses up his nose as he listened to more gurgling noises from more gestation tubes.
Several tubes began to open before he decided to take action, “Oh no you don’t you pesky alien clones… wait a minute, you’re not real anyway! Come to think of it… neither am I in here!”
Buster took off running down the alien corridor, turning left and then right. He looked over his shoulder as he managed to shove his glasses once more, only to see vines crawling on the ground and beginning to overtake him.
Buster stopped and turned with a shield erected. Sweat formed on the young man’s forehead as he held the crawling vines from reaching him.
“I know you’re just trying to distract me from my mission!”
Causing a flow of energy down his arms, he melted the creeping vines before taking his shield down.
“That’s better…”
Buster froze.
“Uh oh… I’m feeling kind of funny… Hmmm, I think Doctor Rhodes told me that might be seeker sign… oh, yeah that’s what it is… wait a minute! Seeker sign!” Buster screamed before he began to streak run through the complex.
His body vaporized into millions of colored binary data patterns that traveled through the complex.
Materializing inside the backside of a clone tube hallway, he studied the wire harnesses and consoles.
“Now then,” Buster said, placing his hands on his hips, “Let’s see what I can do…”
Buster reached out to the console and paused, “Why am I doing this the old-fashioned way?”
He studied the wiring harnesses that trailed along the walls. Wrapping his left hand around one bundle, he smiled to himself, “Now this is sooo cooool… I’m actually programming the Core with my mind!”
Various colored patterns of zeros and ones traveled along his arm and into the bundle, “Okay mister whiz-kid,” he called himself, “You’re running out of time. Just create enough havoc on the system mainframe, or whatever these aliens call it, and I’m out of here.”
Sparks showered the side of the room nearest the corridor. Gestation tubes erupted in smoke and flames as Buster programmed feedback loops into the central processor.
His wide smile grew across his face, “Gosh, I haven’t had this much fun in like, well, in like forever! Best day ever!”
Green goo spilled into the corridors as more fires and sparks erupted as each tube exploded.
“Ha, it’s like a virus program on steroids,” Buster chuckled, “Yeah, the Colonel would get a good laugh over that one… too bad he’s not here to hear it… sheesh, he always misses my good ones.”
Reversing the data flow on the wire harness brought the colored zeros and ones back into his hand.
Unwrapping his hand, he held it up to his face and examined himself, “No damage to my skin, but that should have hurt like nobody’s business! Well, it’s really because none of this is real…”
Buster froze once more, “Uh oh. I’m feelin’ that funny feeling again…”
He turned to face the wall he had entered only to see the wall liquefy. Several shapes began pushing through the translucent substance.
Buster yelped.
He swatted at the growing vines that tried to surround him, “Back! I told you ugly vines to stay BACK!”
Buster panicked as the vines wrapped around his arms and legs, “You won’t take me you seekers! I have places to go and people to see… heh, heh, you’d like that one too, Colonel.”
He struggled against the force of the pulsating purple vines before his form vaporized and left the room in a streak of colors. 
Freeing himself from the purple vines, he streak-ran through the corridors until he found himself standing in the middle of the freeway system of downtown Seattle. 
“What the heck!?”
Buster held his hands out before him sending a wave of energy down his arms. The fast approaching vehicles deflected into the air and flew around his shield. Horns blared, sirens whined and crashes were all he could hear before he sped-ran to another location.
His body formed from the colored vapor inside a quiet warehouse a few blocks from where he landed before.
“It’s the Core,” he surmised, “It’s trying to stop me from exiting this program and completing my tasks!”
Buster closed his amped eyes and held his hand up. With his palm facing away, he turned in a circle, scanning the entire perimeter he surmised he was safe, “I don’t think I have a ton of time here… come to think of it, I don’t have a ton of time left before I have to get to the sphere.”
Opening his eyes revealed the empty warehouse began changing into the alien substance. Green ooze flowed like fountains into the air all around him. Their form changed into Buster’s image before they held their arms out and surrounded the young Captain.
“I don’t have time to play with you Zombie-alien-Buster-clones!”
Seeing another opening in the zeros and ones that flowed across the walls of the warehouse, he vaporized and streak-ran through it.
I have to get to my destination soon… the mission… I must finish my mission!
Buster came to a location that looked somewhat familiar to him and stopped. His body materialized as the color streak caught up to him.
Looking around, he saw the Salvage-5 resting in the alien sphere with a shield holding out the vacuum of space.
He saw Sergeant Samuels and Doctor Rhodes standing at the base of the ship, each holding a rail gun, aimed at him.
Buster ducked low as rail-shot cut through the shield and screamed over his head. He examined the probe on the end of his hand and shoved it into the floor of the alien complex.
Binary patterned light flowed from the Buster clone, sending the programming into the system. Buster yanked his arm free and regrew his hand as he turned to see the mechanical cyborg hoard fall through the floor. Their rail guns blazed alien metal ammo that riddled the Buster clone.
Falling to the floor, Buster’s eyes popped open as he grabbed his chest, gasping for air. The machine-made whirring noises behind him as it unplugged from his jack.
“A little help down here, Buster!” Sergeant Samuels yelled from the base of the ship.
Buster shouted his reply as he punched another sequence on the console, “I’m spinning up the chair for my shipside clone… stand by!”
After punching the final command, Buster laid down in the chair and waited for the jack to connect to his chip.
Once the whirring stopped, he was rewarded with the sound of a click. His eyes closed and then opened up inside his ship-side clone body.
He jumped out of the clone tube and grabbed a spare rail gun.
Samantha turned the ship’s upper turret, aiming it at the approaching mechanical horde, which quickly armed their Gatling guns and fired metal shot at the Salvage-5’s shields.
 Buster ran down the cargo ramp and joined Samuels and Doctor Rhodes. Cocking a round in the chamber, Buster clumsily opened fire at the cyborg. His rail shot tore through their metal casings. Sparks and fire shot from the front-line cyborg as Doctor Rhodes and Samuels cut through their shield with their rail guns.
Blue arcs sprayed across the Salvage-5 shielding as Sam opened fire with her fifty-caliber turret. Round after round pounded their report at the alien shield when all at once the floor under the mechanical cyborgs melted, sending them plunging two levels down.
Samuels and Rhodes stopped firing their weapons. Rhodes stretched out a hand to Buster’s firing barrel, “Easy son… we got ‘em for now.”
Buster released his trigger.
The gun ceased firing.
Buster made a deep sigh as he rested the gun barrel low to the ground, “What just happened?”
“I don’t know for sure,” Samuels answered as he tapped his headset, “Sam? You got any ideas?”
The ship quaked as it shifted against the harpoons imbedded into the sphere earlier.
“Yeah, Sarge, I think I know what’s happening… the sphere is starting to lose integrity. We just lost an entire section below. We need to get out of here soon!”
 Rhodes, Samuels and Buster began to notice hissing sounds all around them.
“I think we’re going to lose the atmosphere in this shield soon,” Samuels protested. “They better be getting’ on back soon. This ride outta here can’t wait much longer!”
Buster dropped his gun and raised his hands. After erecting a shield, he sealed up any immediate leaks to the venting atmosphere surrounding the Salvage-5 cargo ramp.
“Nice job, Buster,” Rhodes nodded, still aiming his gun down the floorless corridor.
Just as the ship quaked in its resting place once more, their comm links came to life.
“Hey, anyone hear me yet?”
“Tucker!” Samuels exclaimed, “Is that you?”
“Well, who else would it be? The milkman? We’re coming in hot! We have several mechanicals on our tail. Is the path clear to the ship?”
“We’re reading you. Is Cass and Gus with you?”
“Yes, we’re all good, unless we don’t get out of here!”
“Well, there’s a bit of an issue, Commander!”
“Spill it, Samuels.”
“The floor and two levels down just collapsed. There’s no way to cross over.”
The three looked up at the hole in the ceiling the cyborg descended from and fixed their eyes on Tucker, Cassie and Gus that came to a stop. Cassie turned and raised a shield to stop the mechanical horde from reaching them.
“Okay, we can do this,” Tucker nodded.
“Oh really?” Cassie protested, “And how’s that?”
Gus closed his eyes and concentrated. His clone body liquefied and flowed across the passage, connecting to the ship’s lowered cargo ramp.
“Slide on down,” Gus said, his head poking up through the alien mass.
“Tucker leaped down onto the slide Gus formed and slid down to the bottom of the deck.
“C’mon, Cass!” Tucker ordered, “You’re next!”
“With pleasure!” Cassie shouted.
Mentally keeping the shield, she turned and quickly slid down the slide to be caught by Tucker and Samuels.
“Okay,” Gus acknowledged, “They’re going to breech that shield pretty quickly, I’m flowing to the ship. Everyone inside!”
Gus flowed across the expanse and reassembled into his clone body as Sam closed and sealed the ramp.
The cyborg broke through Cassie’s residual shielding. The first few were quickly sucked out into space as Sam took down her shield from around Salvage-5.
The remaining mechanical cyborgs held on to the alien matter and continued to trudge their way toward the Salvage-5.
Tucker shouted up to Sam, “Blow the tanks! Blow the damn tanks!”
Sam’s eyes widened, “The bilge tanks! Brilliant Colonel!”
Sam punched the emergency purge on a side panel. The resulting code broke open the saltwater filled tanks, spilling out into space and washing over the sphere. 
The sphere began breaking apart further, dissolving under the saltwater spray. The harpoons dislodged from the alien complex and floated away from the sphere.
No longer being held in place by the melting sphere, the ship creaked and groaned as it moved along the hull.
Sam fired her thrusters and engaged her ion drives. Pulling up and away from the breaking sphere, she plotted an intercept course to the mysterious ship she had scanned earlier.
“Hang on everyone!” Sam shouted. “It’s going to be close!”
The sphere broke apart, its alien mass scattered along the energy beam.



Chapter 9

Salvage-5


 Sam piloted the Salvage-5 toward the ancient derelict as Tucker, Cassie and Gus made their way to the pilot house. The Buster clone returned to his bin and the real Buster unplugged himself from the chair.
Doctor Rhodes and Buster floated to their seats in the command section.
“Scan for that sphere!” Tucker ordered.
“I’m not reading anything left of it, Tuck!”
Cassie strapped herself in on Tucker’s right and began reading her console, “She’s right, Tuck. There’s nothing left of the sphere. It’s gone!”
“Keep scanning,” Gus added, “Let’s not take down our guards just yet. Sam, what is this object you’re taking us to?”
“I don’t know yet,” Sam answered, turning the ship to orient with the hulk, “It’s just on this course, Sir. No other information.”
“It was on a collision course,” Buster reported, “But our trajectory changed when we disconnected with that alien sphere. We’re not going to make it unless we engage full ion drives!”
“We’re gonna’ miss our oasis?” Rhodes complained.
Sergeant Samuels floated from below and harnessed himself in, “We’re all secure now, Colonel.”
Sam increased the engine output, “I’m maxed out now, guys! I don’t know if we’ll intercept it now!”
“Options if we don’t?”
“Well Sir,” Buster said with raised eyebrows, “We’re a long way from home now and nothing in between that I know of…”
“… says the astrophysicist,” Tucker added.
“… so we really, really, really need to catch this ride…. err, ah, Sir.”
“Can we amp ourselves up and increase our engine efficiency?”
“If we could do that, maybe we should send ourselves back home instead,” Cassie said looking over her shoulder to Buster. “I mean, why not? We’ve done it before.”
“Well, we kind of need to get a fix first, Cass,” Buster answered, “Before, we knew where we were relative to and how far from Earth we were.”
Doctor Rhodes quickly retrieved several fiber cables and attached them to the backs of Sam, Tucker’s and Cassi’s jacks.
Once he fixed a cable to Gus and Buster, he reached around and plugged himself in, “Okay, here comes a very small amp change… stand by…”
Nothing.
“What’s wrong, Doc?” Tucker patiently asked.
“I don’t know,” Rhodes slowly answered as he studied the onboard accelerator console.
“Guys,” Sam said, panic began covering her expression, “That ship is moving away from us. We’re not going to catch it if we don’t get to going soon…”
“Noted, Sam,” Tucker said, with raised eyebrows. 
They watched as the derelict ship shrank from view.
“Change course to follow, Sam,” Gus suggested. “If we’re on the same trajectory, we’ll still be able to find it out here.”
“Got ya’, Gus,” Sam nodded. She continued plotting her course, “I’m intersecting with that ship’s ion trail in two minutes. I have plotted the trajectory course change.”
“I’m confirming, Sam,” Cassie added, “Not that I don’t trust you or anything, sister, but we better make damn sure we hit the mark.”
“No worries, Cass,” Sam smiled, “I’m only human… oh, wait… no, I’m not… jeez, sorry.”
“Trust me,” Gus smiled, “It never gets any easier.”
“Thanks for that, Gus,” Sam returned a smirk.
“We’re getting close to the ion trail now,” Cassie nodded, “You ready for your course change, Sam?”
“Yep, and in 3… 2… 1… turning starboard fifteen degrees… stand by… scanning for engine signature… leveling out… we hit the target, Sir!”
“Confirmed,” Cassie shouted, “We’ve captured the ion trail. We can catch up now.”
“Yes, we will,” Sam nodded, “The derelict is out of scanning range now.”
“If it course corrects, we could miss it again,” Gus added. “Rhodes; how are you coming with that accelerator station?”
“I’m workin’ on it… don’t know what’s going on, but it won’t power up, guys.”
Gus unbuckled his harness and floated out of his seat, “I’ll go down and check the power coupling to your station.”
“Good idea, Gus,” Tucker nodded, “I’ll go with you and see what I can find too.”
“Well,” Gus smiled as he dove head first down the hatch, “You know what they say?”
Tucker followed Gus down to the crew cabin below, “No, what do they say?”
“Four eyes are better than two.”
“They don’t say that,” Tucker muttered.
“Yes, they do, Tuck!”
“No, it’s ‘four legs good, two legs bad… remember? George Orwell’s Animal Farm?”
“Oh right, right,” Gus chuckled, “must be pieces of data fragments missing from my last transfer.”
“Well, you were a floater in orbit for a couple years. I told you to stay out of the sun, Gus.”
“Very funny, I couldn’t help being in the sun half the time… you exposed me to those radiation waves from our own.”
“You asked for it… if I remember, you’re the one who was all, gotta’ sacrifice myself for the good of the mission, attitude.”
“Well at the time, it was true. We needed to keep my cloneliness hidden.”
“Will you two mother hens stop it already?” Buster shouted from above. “Sheesh, where do they find ‘em?”
Samantha snickered from her pilot seat, “Good one, whiz-kid.”
Gus came to a panel forward of the crew quarters and pressed a sequence on a keypad. The resulting action slid a small door into the bulkhead, revealing several wiring harness race ways. 
Peering inside the hole, he looked down at the power couplers inside, “Yep, found the problem!”
Gus removed his head from the hole and pointed, “Have a look for yourself.”
“What is it, Gus?” Tucker asked with raised eyebrows.
“Two power couplings are fried, Cassie!” Gus shouted up to the pilot house.
Tucker finished with his exam and pulled away, “We’re gonna have to reroute power from another system to do this.”
“How’d that happen?”
“Well, you remember? You did have some of that corrosive water spill into this compartment?” Tucker answered, “… and these particular connections were made via our own supply of alien material. They must have been exposed to the saltwater.”
“Man!” Gus frowned, “Had we known saltwater so destructive to the alien matter…”
“… We’d be still trapped on the sphere,” Tucker finished.
“No, I was thinking more on the lines that we’d have destroyed them all much faster.”
“… and safer!” Buster said, poking his head through the hatch.
“Thing is, we have to fix this little problem before we can amp up again,” Gus said.
“Well, what happens to our clone bodies if we can’t recharge?” Sam asked, joining Buster in the crew cabin.
Tucker glanced up, “Sam! Who’s flying the ship?”
“She’s locked on course. Thought I’d come down and give you all a hand.”
“Great,” Gus smiled, “We need someone to run us a new power snake from the main battery connection from the cargo bay.”
“On it! Come on, Buster, give me a hand with that.”
“Sure thing, Sam.”
The two floated back and opened the rear hatch, then disappeared into the rear cargo bay.
“How we going to reach those connectors?” Gus asked.
“That’s not an issue. That bulkhead is removable. At least that’s what the owner’s manual says. The bigger issue is what system are we going to rob power from to make this work?”
“Let’s borrow them from the only functioning extraction chair we have; Buster’s.”
“Okay, that power coupling must have worked the last time for Buster.”
“That’s what the good doctors says.”
Sergeant Samuels floated down from the pilot house, “He’s right, Buster was a real asset with that clone of his. He helped keep the air pressure from evacuating until we were all aboard… I think that constitutes him pulling his own weight.”
“I think we’ve already established that the whiz-kid pulls his own weight,” Tucker smiled as the two floated a power coupling from storage.
“Speaking of Buster, here he is now.”
“What? What’d I do?”
“Nothing Captain Clark,” Samuels smiled.
“Well, thanks for remembering I’m a Captain now, but I don’t think it matters much anymore if we die out here.”
“We’re not going to die out here, Buster,” Tucker scolded with pointed finger. “That’s why I need your help in keepin’ it together, M’kay?”
“Y-yeah, sure, Commander,” Buster adjusted his glasses as he handed the coupling to the Sergeant, “Together… keeping it together.”
“So,” Gus explained, “We’re going to attach that end of this cable and hook it directly into the power coupling behind that bulkhead.”
“But my chair won’t work anymore!” Buster protested.
“Don’t worry, Buster. We’ll replace the power coupling once we’re amped.”
“You will?” 
“Yes, Captain,” Tucker smiled, “I will ensure your chair is reactivated.”
“So now we just have to take that panel off and slave this end to the coupling,” Tucker surmised. “Sarge? You know how to remove that panel?”
Gus looked at Tucker, “I thought you said you knew how. Remember?  Owner’s manual?”
“I never said I read it, Gus.”
“Great! Just great!  A commander that doesn’t know how to repair his own salvage ship?”
“Hey, I know how,” Tucker replied, “but I’m busy unhooking this coupler at the moment.”
“No worries, Colonel,” Samuels answered, “I’ll get that panel removed.”
Tucker wrapped his hands around the extraction chair power coupling and turned it counterclockwise until the slip ring was loose. 
“Okay, now to pull this connector,” Tucker said, pulling the cable.
Two more yanks and it did not budge.
“How about you give me a hand instead of leaning on that shovel, Gus?”
“Very funny, Tucker,” Gus snickered, “I don’t have a shovel.”
“Good, that means both your hands are free to help me pull this connector.”
 The two pulled on the connector as Samuels began removing the panel.
“You guys better stop screwing around down there,” Cassie shouted.
Pulling the connector to the extraction chair, Gus and Tucker flew backward in the zero gravity.
Buster caught Gus as Gus grabbed Tucker’s pant leg, bringing him to a stop and back in the direction he traveled.
“Good job, Buster!” 
Sam grew a worried look, “What’s the matter, Cass?”
“I’ve been tracking the origins of the trajectory of that ship, and discovered it made two recent course corrections.”
“Are we still tracking their ion trail, Cass?” Tucker asked as he took the spare conduit end from Buster.
“Affirmative, Tuck. But it changed course to intercept us. Then it resumed course when we set our intercept course.”
“We better get this show on the road,” Sam advised, carrying the other end of the cable over to Samuels. “If that ship changes course again, we could lose the ion trail.”
Gus floated over to the open bulkhead as Samuels floated out of the way with the loose panel in hand.
“Thanks, Sarge,” Gus said, looking at the corroded coupling.
Tucker floated over Gus’ shoulder and let out a whistle, “Wow, that’s a lot worse than it looked a minute ago.”
“That saltwater is still corroding the coupling. It’s gonna be a bitch to get off!”
“Now Gus, don’t get your panties all bunched up. We’ll get it off.”
“Are you so sure?” We might want to route a second coupling directly to Rhodes station.”
“Rhodes,” Tucker shouted, “open your access panel to your power connector. Can you remove it?”
“Checking,” Doctor Rhodes said as he unbuckled his harness.
A moment later they were rewarded with his answer, “Yeah, I got it. No corrosion here.”
“Okay, let’s find a section of cable that’ll reach and do it,” Tucker said. “Doc, can you unhook that coupling and get it ready for us?”
“Yeah, I’m on it, Tuck!”
Sam and Buster floated the loose cable up into the pilot house, stretching it as far as they could. 
“We’re about three feet short is all, Commander,” Sam shouted.
Tucker’s faint voice echoed up to Sam and Buster, “We found a six-footer. It’s a little on the long side, but we can fit it!”
“We’re already up here, Commander!”
“On our way, Sam!”
Buster moved out of the way as he watched Gus and Tucker carry a section of power cable up to the pilot house.
Gus and Tucker busily connected the two ends together as Sam and Doctor Rhodes screwed the other end to the console.
“That’s ought to do it!”
Rhodes slipped back into his seat and buckled down before attempting to power on the amp accelerator. 
“Nothing! Still nothing! What the hell’s wrong with this thing?” Rhodes protested.
Samuels’ forehead rose, “Maybe it’s the main breaker. I’ll see if I can reroute power and get you some juice.”
Slipping down the hatch, Samuels made his way to the rear cargo power board. He floated in front of the console and pressed a couple of commands. 
“I can fix it from here, Tuck!” Samuels shouted, “It’s the main breaker on Buster’s extraction station, it blew when he powered out last time.”
Sam pressed more commands on various screens before the lights on Rhodes panel lit up.
“That did it!” Rhodes shouted back to Samuels.
Tucker glanced over to Sam, “Get back to your seat and prepare to amp up everyone!”
“Um, Tuck,” Rhodes began.
“Now what?”
“We’re running on a limited power supply. If we have more than one getting an amp charge, it will overload these power connectors and we could blow the breakers again.”
“Okay,” Tucker acknowledged, “Looks like you’re going solo amp on this one, Sam!”
“I understand, Sir!”
Sam floated to the front of the pilot house, turned feet first and slid into her pilot seat. Gus stretched an amp cable from Rhodes station and plugged it into Sam’s receptacle.
“We’re starting to lose the ion trail,” Cass reported, “That ship must have increased speed!”
Doctor Rhodes programed a level of amp charge he thought the system could handle and punched the transmit sequence, “Amp signal on its way!”
The gamma wave frequencies travelled down the amp cable and into Sam’s chip. Her eyes closed as she rested her hands in front of her in the weightlessness. She opened her eyes as they began to glow a brilliant green color.
Cassie glanced over from her station at Sam, “Now that’s a welcome color to see for a change, Sister! Take us to that ship!”
Sam focused her concentration on the internal mechanisms of the ship and thought of what she wanted to achieve, “I’m tapping into main helm control with my mind… I have the course potted in the system.”
Cassie watched as her screen controls flew commands in front of her, “She’s doing it alright! I see the ship on scanners again.”
“We’re matching speed of that derelict.”
Glancing over to Cassie, she smiled as she reached for her manual throttle control, “You know, it’s not nearly as much fun flying with my mind as it is with good ol’ manual flight controls.”
Pushing the control forward quickly increased the ship’s speed. An object grew in size before them as they peered out in front of the Salvage-5.
“We’re coming up on the ship… slowing speed slightly,” Sam said, pulling the control in reverse. 
“That thing is huge!” Cassie exclaimed.
“We’re coming up on it now, Commander. Lowering landing struts… I’m shooting for a flat surface just up ahead… activating mag-locks… and in 3… 2… 1… touchdown! Mag-locks activated. We’re attached to the hull.”
“Good job, everyone,” Tucker praised.
“Hey,” Gus chuckled, “I see you finally give your crew praise, it’s about damn time!”
“Hey, I praise my team…” Tucker nervously glanced between Cassie and Gus, “I do…”
“Okay, okay, you do… but not very damn often!”
“How about we start scanning this ship to see who, if anyone, is home?”
“I’m already scanning, Commander. I’m reading zero life signs.”
“Cass; any sign of our alien clone friends, or did we actually kill them this time?”
“I’ve not had any readings of any kind, human or aliens.”
“Okay, Sarge, let’s figure out a way in.”


Chapter 10

Salvage-5


 Buster strapped himself in and gazed dumfounded at the data pouring onto his screen.
Adjusting his glasses, he pressed commands while he continued to study the console, “Holy Toledo!”
Tucker and Gus floated over each side of Buster’s shoulder.
“What is it, Buster?”
“This ship, Sir,” Buster glanced between Tucker and his screen, “This ship is huge, Commander.”
“Okay, whiz-kid,” Tucker said as he fished in his flight suit for a fresh cigar, “I’ll bite, how big?”
“This thing is huge…”
“I know, you said that. Get to it, Buster!”
“Oh, ah, err, yeah, it’s really…”
Tucker narrowed his brow at the young Captain.
“… over two thousand feet long and over five hundred feet wide…”
“That is big,” Gus interjected.
Buster continued, “I’m getting data that there are more than twelve decks. There’s a main control room forward, about two thirds down the hull from us.”
“Like a bridge, Son?” Gus asked.
“Yeah, it’s on top of a tower that’s about fifty feet above the main hull.”
Tucker floated forward and looked out the front of the parked Salvge-5, “It appears the whiz-kid is right. I can make out a tall structure about fifteen-hundred feet down the hull.”
Cassie tapped commands on her console, “Doc, do you read any life signs at all?”
“I’m not picking anything up. No life at all, Major.”
“How about a breathable atmosphere? Can we survive inside?”
“From what I’m scanning, and I won’t know for sure until we can get some physical sensor readings directly from inside, we could survive.”
Cassie unbuckled and floated over to Gus and Tucker, “It might be pretty risky going inside. We should send in the Buster clone to take some readings.”
“Hey,” Tucker smiled, “I was thinking the same thing…”
Buster interrupted Tucker, “Hey, I don’t think that’s such a great idea… I mean, we don’t know if there’s some kind of microbe that Doctor Rhodes missed. That could be fatal.”
“Well,” Gus said, patting Buster’s shoulder, “Better your clone than the real you, eh, my boy?”
Buster pulled at his collar, loosening its tightening grip, “Um, eh, err, yeah, I guess so.”
“Don’t worry, whiz-kid, your clone can wear an EVA at first. But I have to agree, it’s the safest way to gather samples for Rhodes.”
“Okay, I’ll do it… he’ll do it… I mean, my clone will do it.”
“Sarge, Cass, Gus and I will reconnect your DNA extraction chair. Once your clone is activated, we’ll fit you into the suit.”
“How are we going to get inside without venting whatever atmosphere is there?” Sam asked.
“Samuels,” Tucker instructed, “You go aft to the lower cargo hatch and get ready to cut us an access hole. The ship can sit in low rider mode and attach a hard seal to the hull. We’ll keep that sealed between that ship and Hull.”
“I’m on it, Tuck,” Samuels nodded as he floated through the hatch. “I think we might have one or two emergency soft-seal ports we can install so we can undock from the hull while sealing the vacuum of space out of this derelict.”
“Great idea,” Tucker nodded. “Gus and I can handle the coupling switch.”

Cassie and Sam continued running scans on the ship, each neatly fastened to their chairs, the two floated against slightly loose straps.
“How old do you think this derelict is, Sam?”
Sam studied her console as she pressed commands bringing up new screens, “It’s very old, Cass. I couldn’t begin to guess.”
“Well, I’m reading a strong power source.”
“Me too and the strongest readings are centrally located, about five decks below.”
“I refocused my internal scans and I’m now picking up a large room that I presume is the engineering section.”
“We should be careful if we’re going to walk around without any EVA,” Cass shouted below.
“What’d you find, Cass,” Tucker shouted from below.
“There are several battle scars toward the front and port side. I’m reading no atmosphere at those forward sections.”
“They must have sealed off those sections if other areas are pressurized,” Gus added.
“Yes,” Sam nodded as she continued reading her screen, “Cass and I have determined main engineering is directly below where we are. It’s five or six levels down.”
“Good work. How about anything else, like, oh I don’ know, are there any crew?”
“No, Tuck,” Cassie smiled, “Doctor Rhodes still isn’t reading life forms of any kind.”
“Okay,” Tucker shouted from below, “We’ve got power restored to Buster’s chair.”
“Commander,” Samuels crackled in Tucker’s earpiece, “I’ve got the emergency hatch installed. I’m ready to cut through.”
“Be right there, Sarge,” Tucker smiled and patted Buster on the shoulder, “Okay whiz-kid, you’re up.”
Buster gulped before adjusting his glasses and climbed into his chair, “I still don’t like this, guys!”
“Relax, Buster. There’s nothing in there. You’re just going inside to collect Doctor Rhodes’ samples.”
“Well, if my clone is in an EVA suit, how come Samuels can’t go, or you for that matter, Commander?”
“Because we’re not sure if any of our suits are fully functional with all the damage they’ve been though. It’s the safest way, whiz-kid. You can do this, right? I mean, you do want to prove that you pull your own weight, don’t you?”
“Hey, I thought I already proved that I do pull my own weight!”
Before Tucker could answer the arm clicked into Buster’s chip.
Gus pressed the final sequence that transferred Buster to his clone body. The clone popped its eyes open and looked around.
“This is just weird, guys. Every time I do this, it’s just… weird.”
“Yep, that’s my whiz-kid.”
“Okay, Commander, let’s fit me with a suit.”
Gus pushed off to the cargo bay, followed by Tucker and then the Buster clone. They grabbed and pushed off of the bulkheads, moving weightlessly through the ship. Once in the cargo bay, they helped the Buster clone into his gloves and boots.

“Hey, Cass,” Sam asked, “Are you able to find any landing bay for this ship? The thing seems big enough to have one.”
“No,” Cassie answered, scanning the derelict ship, “Nothing like that, but I am seeing two large shuttles on each side. Those are the only things I can find.”
“They must use those to transport from the ship to any planet or wherever it is they were headed.”
“No, there seems to be more than just two smaller ships. I’m detecting six in all; two upper, two lower, and one on each side of the hull.”
“Wish we had a MECH,” Sam nodded, “That’d come in handy right about now.”
“Wishful thinking, Sister, but we already destroyed the ones we had.”
“It’s a good thing we had ‘em then too, or none of us would’ve made it out, amped or not.”
“It was fortunate, that’s certain.”
“Any idea where this ship is headed?”
“That’s Buster’s department,” Cass answered, “I have no idea where we even are in relation to Earth.”
“Well, I don’t think the whiz-kid knows that at this minute, either.”
“It’s just a good thing we picked up this derelict, or we’d run out of resources. We’d die out here, which is the only thing certain right now.”
“We still might,” Sam frowned, “The ship’s power is already down to eight percent. Every time we activate an amp charge, or a clone, we burn up several hours of reserve.”
“Once we lose power to the scrubbers, even our clone bodies will run out of air.”
“How long do we have, Cass?” Sam asked, nervously glancing between Cass and her console.
Cassie pressed commands, bringing up new screens on her console. Flipping through several readings, she turned to Sam, “We have an hour before our air becomes toxic.”
“An hour!?” Sam protested.
“We burned a lot of energy with our two last escapes, Sam. Holding that shield alone drained us sixty percent. We’re down to the reserves, Sister.”
“That’s not much time! I’ll start shutting down non-essential systems to conserve some power.”
“That’ll give us maybe a few minutes. We’re using a ton of power just feeding the extraction chair.”
“That’s not enough time, Major,” Doctor Rhodes said, growing a worried look.
“Um, Tucker, this is Cass… how you comin’ down there?”
“Sarge is just now finishing the entrance. We’ll know pretty soon. In the meantime, we’re having a bit of trouble fitting Buster with a suit.”
“Well, we have a bigger problem, Tuck.”
“What’s up, Cass?”
“We’ve got less than an hour of breathable air. After that, the scrubbers will fail and we begin to breathe toxic air.”
Doctor Rhodes pressed his headset, “Commander, we’re burning up a lot of power with Buster’s chair. We can conserve about thirty to forty minutes if we rig up a way to remote control the clone without Buster being connected.”
“Oh yeah, brilliant idea, Doc,” Tucker turned to Gus, “Can you do that?”
“I think I can do it,” Gus said. “I can hook up a clone to clone connection. Send Buster back to his body.”
“Gladly,” Buster protested as he pulled off the loose-fitting gloves.
“Okay, Cass,” Gus said, “I’ll get it all set up.”
Doctor Rhodes entered the commands on the extraction chair, and Buster returned to his own body. The jack unplugged and Tucker powered down the station.
“Okay, Cass. You can power down all systems back here except the scrubbers. Once the Sarge lowers the Buster clone inside, Gus can start gathering readings.”
“Okay,” Gus said, floating up to the pilot house. We know the extraction chair will draw too much power, but I have to get a bit of an amp charge to work Buster’s clone body remotely.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Gus,” Cassie warned.
“Let me put it to you this way,” Gus summed, “If we don’t do this, we all get to suffocate in less than two hours.”
“There’s a chance,” Rhodes began, “that we can breathe that air in that ship, but they have to do this, Cass. We’re about out of options, here.”
“And we might be able to figure out if we can tap into this energy source and recharge the ship.”
“Okay, okay, let’s get to it then,” Cassie acknowledged. “Make the power switch and hook him in.”
“Already being done,” Gus smiled. “Tucker’s making the switch now.”
“All set down here,” Tucker yelled from below.
Cassie gazed at Gus, “Hey, it was our only option at this point.”
Gus floated near Doctor Rhodes so he could plug in the amp cable.
“Powering up an amp charge,” Rhodes said as he pressed commands.
“Only give me enough, now. Let’s not drain our remaining reserves.”
Doctor Rhodes nodded, “Powering up a small amp charge.”
The wire glowed with the gamma waves flowing into Gus’s chip. He closed his eyes and soaked them in.

Sergeant Samuels lowered the lifeless and stiff Buster clone down the hatch and rested him on the deck several meters inside the alien derelict.
Standing, he turned to his console and pressed two commands resulting in the emergency hatch sealing the clone below.
Lowering the Salvage-5 hatch, he sealed the lid, “Okay, the clone is in place. I’m sealed up here. You can pressurize the bay now.”
“Roger that,” Cassie acknowledged.
Tucker waited for the green light to show the cabin was pressurized before moving the locking wheel to open. Pulling the door, Tucker was met with the Sarge who was holding his helmet with one gloved hand.
“Help me out of this thing, and then we’ll go see what our good doctor says.”
Doctor Rhodes nodded, “I’m starting to get some readings from the clone now.”
Gus closed his eyes and floated over to Cassie’s console.
“Here,” he said as he pressed a command to bring up a camera feed. “This is from the Buster clone’s eyes. I’m breathing for the clone now. Hey, Doc, are you reading anything from the clone’s lungs?”
“This is weird,” Buster exclaimed as he went over to Gus at Cassie’s station. “I mean seeing myself down there, inside an alien ship… just weird.”
“Yeah, the clone is still breathing. The air is good. It’s probably stale as hell, but it’s breathable.”
Cassie pressed more commands on her side console, “I’m also picking up an artificial gravity that’s active.”
“Good, that’ll help us out quite a bit,” Buster nodded, “I’m not a big fan of zero gravity,” he burped up slightly and then swallowed hard.
“Oh, Buster,” Sam protested, “You didn’t just swallow that, did you? Again?”
“Well, um, err, yeah… I kind of had to or we’d have to use more power running the vacuum.”
“Okay,” Doctor Rhodes reported, “I can confirm that the readings the Clone is sending me is defiantly an oxygen/nitrogen mixture.”
“The atmosphere pressure is a bit high though, so it’ll be like scuba diving at fifty feet. We’ll have to repressurize the ship to acclimate ourselves before we venture too far inside.”
“That’s like two atmospheres isn’t it?” Tucker asked.
Well, almost, Tuck. Thirty feet down is one atmosphere, so that’s just about one and three-quarter atmospheres.” Doctor Rhodes shut his amp station down and unplugged the cable, “Sorry, Gus, you have to do it with what charge you have. That’s it.”
“He’s right,” Cassie said, “We’re down to three percent power.”
Just as she finished, the lights in the pilot house flickered and dimmed before switching over to the emergency red colored lighting.
“Uh oh,” Cass said, “That’s it for our reserves. The scrubbers are now offline too.”
Tucker and Sergeant Samuels floated up to the pilot house, “We just went dark down below.”
“Yep, this used up the rest of our power other than emergency batteries,” Cassie reported.
“C’mon,” Cassie said, unbuckling from her harness, “Let’s go check out this ship.”
“Well that’s fine with me, Miss Sassy Cassie,” Tucker smiled as he continued searching his pockets, “Damn, anyone have a cigar?”
“No!” the crew said in unison. 
“Not until we get these scrubbers back online,” Doctor Rhodes begged, “We’ve got thirty minutes before our air turns toxic.”
Gus floated to the crew cabin below, “Then let’s search this ship for a way to tie into their power. We’re not going anywhere until we top off our tanks.”
The crew made their way from the pilot house to the rear cargo bay.
Tucker opened the weapons locker, “Let’s load up and take what we have with us.”
“Good idea, Tuck,” Gus answered as he took one of the last rail guns. “Buster, Sam; you take some battery packs and Cassie, if you take some connector packs, let’s make our way inside.”


Chapter 11


Alien Derelict


Sergeant Samuels lifted the hatch to the emergency airlock he installed and rolled the door open. A whoosh of air hit him in the face, making him step back, “Yeah, that air is stale as hell alright!”
Tucker leaned over the opening and drew in a large breath, “But not as bad as that mining dredge at Mathilda.”
“Right you are,” Sarge said, “Nothing is that bad!”
Samuels placed a ladder at the hatch and proceeded to climb down with a large flashlight in hand.
Stepping to the deck below, he shined the light on the Buster clone.
“That’s spooky,” he said as the light shined under the clone’s chin. 
Tucker soon joined the sergeant followed by Gus and Doctor Rhodes, both wielding similar lights.
Tucker flashed his light forward and then turned it to show behind, “Wow, this is a big room.”
Gus trained his light on a large cylinder about half way across to a wall. Cassie joined the group and shined her light on another large cylinder several feet from where Gus was aiming.
“What the hell is this?” Cassie asked.
“I can see about six more of these same cylinders,” Gus surmised.
“All in a neat row,” Cassie added.
Tucker shined his light above their heads and at the floor, “If I didn’t know any better, Gus, I’d say we’re inside a hanger bay.”
“You think the outer hull above our heads retracts down inside this chamber?” Gus asked.
“Yeah, I’m kind of thinking that very thing.”
“Well, we better hope if anyone is home, they don’t decide to open the garage doors.”
Tucker tapped his headset, “Sam, I need the rest of you to stay on the ship. Keep the hatch open. We’re going to do a little exploring.”
Cassie tapped her headset next, “Buster, are you reading any energy signatures other than the engines on this derelict?”
“No, Major,” Buster answered, “Nothing at all.
“Keep us posted then if you do. We’re going to explore down here, but Tucker thinks this is some kind of chamber that retracts the upper deck inside.”
“I think he’s right,” Buster answered in everyone’s headsets, “I’m scanning two very large doors that may close over the chamber after it lowers the deck.”
“This is excellent news, Buster my boy,” Tucker smiled. He turned to Cass, “I want you and Doctor Rhodes to go back up to the ship. Samuels and Gus, you’re with me.”
“Ah, come on, Tuck. Why do you always get to have all the fun?” Cassie protested.
“No arguments,” Tucker pointed with a stern finger, “And take the Buster clone back up with you, if you don’t mind. We don’t need that getting crushed if it does retract.”
“But…”
“Crushed!?” Buster exclaimed over the wireless.
“That’s an order, Cass,” Tucker insisted, his finger still extended toward her face. “And your clone is not getting crushed, m’kay Buster?”
“O-okay, Commander,” Buster said, pulling his collar loose, “That would just creep me out!”
 “That would creep him out. C’mon, move it now. You two take Buster with you and get up there… now!”
“Okay, okay,” Cassie protested, “We’re going, we’re going.”
Doctor Rhodes reluctantly hoisted the Buster clone up to Cassie as she climbed the ladder back up to Salvage-5.
“Don’t worry, Doc, you’ll get your chance to check out the ship as soon as we find a viable way out of this chamber.”
“I can’t wait to see who the inhabitants are… or were.”
Cassie climbed to the top of the ladder and Rhodes followed, pushing the clone up along the way. She reached down and tugged on the lifeless clone, carrying it to the top.
“Okay guys,” Tucker said, looking up, “We’ll not be too long.”
“Right,” Cassie sneered in return.
“C’mon, Gus, Samuels, let’s see what we can find down here.”
The three walked to the first cylinder. They inspected it and moved to the next one, continuing until they reached the last one. 
Samuels began his assessment first, “It appears that there are two rows of three pillars and on that side,” he continued, aiming his light, “there is a side compartment that is past that upper platform.”
Gus nodded, “I would agree with that.”
“Let’s see if there’s some kind of control room. I’d put it… over there, on that side,” Tucker pointed.
The three made their way to the far side of the inner chamber. Finding a hallway, they stepped to a cubbyhole that framed a door. 
Tucker trained his light on what appeared to be a control panel, “I’ve never seen any language like this before.”
“Doesn’t seem to have any power either,” Gus nodded as he reached out.
Tucker held his hand back, “Now don’t go touching everything you see, Gus. Not until we know what that’ll do.”
“We’re about to find out what it does,” Samuels said, reaching around Tucker.
With a touch of his hand, the diamond shaped console lit up. Three colors were at the top of the diamond-shaped panel. The left, center and right lights were yellow, green, and blue. The bottom light glowed a soft red.
“Now see what you did, Sarge? You activated the alien tech!”
“Good,” Gus said, swatting Tucker’s arm from his hold, “Maybe we’ll get inside now!”
“Oh, now Gus, don’t be that way. We have no idea how to operate this door.”
Gus touched the bottom red light and the right blue light lit up. Then he pressed the light and the left yellow lit up. 
Gus raised his eyebrows toward Tucker, “Well, whatta think? Should I press the green one now?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Gus, seems to me, you’re already pretty savvy with this alien tech. You go on ahead and press that green one now.”
Gus reached over and tapped the glowing green light. They were immediately rewarded with a whoosh of air as the door slid to the side.
He turned to Tucker, his eyebrows still raised, “Do you want the honors?” Gus motioned with his hand.
Tucker smiled and stepped through the entry, weapon held at the ready. Gus instinctively touched the red button after he and the Sergeant followed him inside. The lights on the diamond-shaped panel lit in reverse order, ending with the red light glowing as the door slid closed.
“Nice goin’, Gus,” Tucker protested, “Now we’re locked inside.”
“No, I think it’s actually a good thing, Tucker,” Gus said, pointing to where he shined his light, “Look, more control panels.”
The three stepped over to the wall. The console rose from the floor to their waist. The slanted glass surface had several diamond, circular and triangle shaped glowing buttons.
Samuels stood to the wall and inspected a similar button pattern to the one that had allowed them entry into the room, “Here’s another set of buttons, Tucker,” aiming his light on the wall adjacent the light panel, “Looks like some kind of viewing port.”
Reaching for the bottom button, he tapped it, “I’ll bet this opens this up to see through.”
Servos whirred as the panel on the wall lowered into the floor, which exposed a clear glass-like substance.
“See?” Samuels smiled, “it’s a viewing port. I’ll bet these controls lower that upper deck inside.”
Tucker held his stance and glanced between the clear glass and Samuels, “Well, we’re two for two… how about I go for three and see what this one does?”
Tucker tapped the glass panel lighting up several displays, “Wow, interesting. I can’t read any of this. How are we supposed to know what does what?”
“Well,” Gus said, leaning over Tucker’s shoulder, “These are all in glyphs of some kind.”
“Pictures do speak a thousand words,” Samuels added.
“I’m looking for the condensed version,” Tucker quipped.
“Before you try to lower anything down,” Gus warned, “Maybe call to the ship and warn them? They might want to seal the hatch and pressurize.”
Tucker, with pointed finger aiming at the controls, turned, aiming at Gus, “Good point, my good man,” then his hand tapped his headset, “Cassie, you read me?”
“Yes, Tucker,” they each heard in their earpieces, “Go ahead.”
“We found a way inside. It looks like the Salavge-5 is stittin’ on a hanger deck. There are a lot of controls down here. We’re going to see if we can bring you inside.”
“10-4 Tucker,” Cassie answered. “Give us a minute, I’ll let you know when we’re ready.”
Tucker, Gus and Samuels studied the panel as they waited for Cassie’s readiness.
“Well,” Gus began, “From past experience, these diamonds open and close doors and windows.”
“Okay,” Tucker pointed at two sets of diamond button patterns on the console that were sideways, “These ones might open and close the upper doors.”
“And you think this one,” Gus pointed at the center upright diamond cluster, “Moves the platform up and down?”
“Based on the three clusters,” Tucker answered, “A right and a left door with the center pedestal. Yeah, I think that’s it.”
“What’s the circle pattern cluster all about then,” Samuels asked.
“Maybe that pressurizes the bay?” Gus shrugged.
“Could be,” Tucker agreed.
They were interrupted by Cassie’s voice, “The ship’s sealed and pressurized, Tucker. We’ve got thirty minutes of air left in here being sealed up now.”
“Okay, Cass. Hang tight. I think we’re figuring this all out. Stand by,” Tucker tapped his headset once more.
“Okay, here we go,” Tucker shrugged as he reached for the center upright diamond cluster. 
He touched the red glowing button at the bottom, lighting up the yellow and blue buttons simultaneously.
“That’s a different reaction than I was expecting.”
“What do you think we should do now?” Gus asked.
“Try pressing both yellow and blue together,” Samuels surmised.
Tucker shrugged, “Okay, sounds reasonable to me.”
Reaching for each button, he tapped each glowing light with a finger, lighting up the upper green light. 
“Okay, that was easy. Now the green one.”
Tucker pressed the green glowing button. A buzzing alert sounded momentarily and the glowing green light began to pulsate.
“We’ll that didn’t go well,” Gus frowned.
“Look at the circle cluster over here,” Samuels pointed, “That red bar is moving slowly from green to red.”
“I think it’s a meter telling us how much air is in here.”
“I think you’re right, Sarge,” Tucker pointed, “Looks like it’ll take another few seconds, it’s moving faster now.”
“Yes,” Gus nodded, “It appears that it’s a built-in safety valve so the environment won’t be sucked out instantly.”
“Maybe it’s easier on the equipment?
“Might be, Tuck,” Gus agreed.
Soon the pulsating green light glowed solid and intensified.
Gus pointed at the light, “Looks like you’re up again, Tuck.”
Tucker tapped the solid green light. They were once again rewarded with the sound of hydraulics and pumps hissing. They heard a loud clank and the ceiling began to lower down into the chamber.
The three watched as the deck lowered down with the Salvage-5 ship fixed with its magnetic locks.
“Niiice!” Tucker smiled, “See? We can read alien languages.”
“I think we just got lucky, Tuck,” Samuels returned a smile.
“Luck had nothing to do with it, my boy!”
“Uh-huh, okay, Tuck. Whatever,” Gus smiled.
A minute later, the deck had settled to the bottom with a thunk and then a clunk echoed across their ears.
“What’s next, whiz-kid,” Samuels kidded.
“Whiz-kid!? Maybe whiz-man or whiz-commander, but not kid…”
“… We all were kids at some point,” Samuels argued.
“Nope, not me, I was never a kid… nevaaar…”
“Again, I say whatever… just do your whiz-commander magic and close those doors.”
Tucker sneered at Gus as he reached with each hand and began pressing the buttons. The first two side red buttons were pressed, lighting up the yellow button. He tapped the yellow, sending the next sequence to the blue and finally activating the two green buttons pointing inward.
Two giant doors at the top of the open bay began to roll inward as the machinery groaned.
A few seconds later, the two doors met in the center and came to a stop with another loud clank.
“Okay,” Samuels said, reaching for the circular cluster on the glass panel, “I’m pretty sure this will pressurize the bay.”
Using his right index finger, he moved the red bar to the opposite end of the circle. Air began to hiss as the bay flooded with the ship’s oxygen saturation systems.
The green light traveled around the circle, eating up the red until it lit up with a bright glow.
“I think that’s our signal that we’re good,” Gus pointed.
“What do you think these triangle patterns are for?” Samuels asked.
Gus reached over and tapped the top button on each of the three triangles. The resulting action illuminated the landing bay.
“Oh good, we got lights,” Tucker smiled. “Come on,” he waved, “Let’s go back to the ship and get everyone else.”
Gus stepped over to the exit and pressed the red bottom button. Following the button sequence, he slid the door to the bay open once more.
Bowing, he swept his arm before Tucker, “After you, Sir.”
“Ah, very good of you, my good man,” Tucker answered as he walked through the door.
Tapping his headset, “Cass, do you copy?”
“Yeah, Tuck, go ahead.”
“Roll the rear cargo door down and join us outside.”
“Roger that!”
Buster, Sam, Cassie and Doctor Rhodes quickly walked down the ramp of the Salvage-5 as it lowered.
“Wow, Commander!” Buster exclaimed. “A real alien ship! We’re inside a real alien ship!”
“No kidding, whiz-kid,” Tucker smiled, “But we’ve already been inside an alien ship and if memory serves, those weren’t the best of alien ship times.”
“Ohhh, right you are, Commander,” Sam vigorously nodded.
“So, I suggest we proceed with extreme caution. We don’t know who owns this ship, or where they’re headed.”
“Oh, um, err, commander,” Buster stammered, “I had some time to review our current position and I think if I could have a few more minutes studying the constellations, I could get a fix on our location!”
“Oh, so are you saying you want to stay behind with Sam?”
“Hey!” Sam protested, “Why am I always the one that gets left behind!”
“Yes, I mean no,” Buster answered, “I really want to explore this ship. I might find some star charts or a celestial map, but I’m kind of a little hesitant, based on our previous alien encounters, ah, sir… so I don’t really know what I should do.”
“Come on, Buster,” Gus said, throwing his arm around the young Captain, “we could use your help with some of these panels.”
“Really, Gus? You guys really need my help reading the alien codes?”
“No, bad idea,” Tucker said, “I think he needs to stay here with Sam.”
“Well, it would give us some ‘alone time,’ right, Sam?”
“Right, um, err, no! You really need to go with them. I’ll be okay here…”
“What about you, being left behind, all alone again?” Tucker pointed.
“Oh, that’s okay, Sir. I’ll stay behind… by myself!”
Tucker smiled, and patted Buster on his shoulder, “Good! I knew you’d see it my way. C’mon Buster, I agree with Gus that we could use your mind inside.”
“Hey! You tricked me!” Sam protested.
“Never mind that now, Sam. Everyone is witness that you are just fine with staying behind alone. Go ahead and keep scanning the ship’s interior. We’ll report in every fifteen minutes.”
“Fine! … Fine, I’ll stay here and hold the fort down… like I always do.”
The group exited the bay and Sam returned to scanning the ship.


Chapter 12

Alien Derelict
Corridor


Sergeant Samuels, Gus, Buster, Doctor Rhodes, Cassie and Tucker stepped into the alien corridor, just outside the control room. 
Tucker tapped his headset, “Sam, Tucker; copy?”
“Copy, Commander, I read you.”
“Okay, Sam, you’ll be our eyes and ears until we can get more lights activated.”
“I’m starting to get imaging now, Commander.”
“Great… so… we’re waiting to know what direction to head, Sam.”
“Forward… go forward,” Sam answered.
“Can you elaborate a little more than that?”
“Yeah, the corridor you’re in is twenty feet to a door. If you go the other way, it appears to lead you to more docking bays.”
Tucker and group began walking toward the door, “I thought you said there weren’t any launch bays, Sam, I think you’re losing it.”
“No, I’m not losing it, Tuck. I’m just now getting better scans of this ship once we’re inside, that’s all.”
They reached the door and found the familiar diamond pattern switch on the wall.
“Looks like another charming, and redundant I might add, door switch,” Tucker scoffed.
“Well, Tuck,” Gus answered, “I’m thinking each door acts as an airlock. Smart design if you look at it that way.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sure these ancient aliens were pretty keen,” Tucker scoffed once more.
“Still,” Sergeant Samuels added, “it’ll keep us from exposing what air there is on board from venting out of one of them holes in the forward sections.”
“Where’s this going to take us, Sam?”
“Once you open that door, you should see another door six feet ahead. Step inside and seal the door behind you. If there’s an atmosphere, logically speaking, it should open automatically.”
Tucker reached out and tapped the lower red button causing the two side lights to glow their yellow and blue before changing to green. The door slid to the left, exposing them to the inner airlock.
“After you,” Tucker waved with his hand.
Gus entered, followed by the rest, before Tucker stepped in and pressed the red button on the inside open door.
The two side lights flashed before changing to red as the door slid closed behind them.
“I sure hope this door opens,” Samuels pleaded silently.
“What’s the matter, Sarge, you getting’ claustrophobic in your old age?” Cassie jabbed.
“No. Not from my old age. It’s from Tucker always putting me inside small spaces.”
The inside door slid to the left after the glowing panel flashed.
“Hey now, I’ll bet you were really glad you had that MECH, huh?”
“Yeah, it’s a good thing for sure.”
“Let’s keep moving,” Gus urged.
Tucker and group exited the small room. The door slid closed again and flashed the red button.
“Sam, it looks like the corridor opened into a wider corridor. What’s next?
“Okay, Commander,” Sam answered, “Down the corridor again about ten feet and you’ll see a ‘Y’ passage. The right side goes up a level, and left goes down.”
“Ugh, I hate down,” Tucker grimaced.
Cassie aimed her light at the end of the corridor, “I see it, Sam. I assume down is engineering?”
“Yes, and up is forward to the command center. But I have to caution you all. Going up may lead you to the areas open to space in about a hundred and twenty meters.”
“If we’re going to get to the command structure,” Buster said, “We’ll have to map a way around those open areas.”
“There might be safe passages the further you go forward,” Sam added. “I’m still getting data coming into the mapping program.”
“Okay,” Tucker said with raised eyebrows, “I suggest we split into two teams. Buster, you’re with me and Gus. Sarge, take Cass and the good doctor forward.”
“What?” Cassie exclaimed, “You’re going down? I’m impressed!”
“Watch it, Sass. I don’t like it, but it makes the best sense with the three of us to get power restored to this derelict.”
Cassie smiled before tapping her earpiece, “Sam, Cass, you copy me?”
“Copy you, Cass.”
“I’ll stay in contact at all times, as Tucker will for his team.”
“Well, fancy that, Ms. Major Sassy Pants.”
“Hey, it makes the most sense, just like you said,” she winked.
“Okay, you three be safe,” Tucker nodded, “Let’s move out.”
Gus shined his light down the slight slope to the lower corridor as Samuels aimed his up and took the few steps to the next level.
Buster followed Gus down the slopping corridor with Tucker taking up the rear, “Gosh, this is so cool, guys!”
“You really think this is cool, whiz-kid?” Tucker balked, “Even after our last experiences with aliens?”
“C’mon, Commander,” Buster chuckled, “Not all aliens we find will be bad.”
“And how do you calculate that?”
“Easy, Commander,” Buster smiled as he flashed his light on the walls and in front of him.
“Okay, I’ll bite,” Gus asked.
“Oh, you just had to ask him, didn’t you?”
“With all the trillions of stars out here, you have to expect there are billions of life forms. Maybe as many as a few million intelligent life and of those the odds are that most will be benevolent.”
“I sure do admire his optimism,” Gus nodded.
“More like naivety,” Tucker chuckled.
The three came to the end of the corridor and saw two doors.
“Sam,” Tucker began, “We have two doors. One left, one right.”
“Uhh, okay, take the left door. Then two small corridors with two doors on each side, just ignore those, all storage. Take the door at the end. That’ll lead you to the final passage to the engines.”
“Already?” Gus asked, “It didn’t seem like we have gone down low enough.”
“Well, there is a ladder you’ll have to descend first. It goes down three levels.”
“Swell,” Gus said, opening the left door. 
They followed Sam’s instructions before reaching the last door. Tucker tapped the red button which lit up the yellow button, turning the blue on, but instead of glowing, the light rapidly flashed blue.”
“Um, Houston, we have a problem.”
“What’s wrong, Commander?”
“I think we’re close to a hull breach.”
“What makes you think that? I’m not reading anything like that at all on my mapping program.”
“Well, instead of the familiar green, we’re getting a fast blue and a solid yellow.”
“He’s right, Sam,” Gus added, “We’ve not seen this light pattern before.”
“Well, we have to do something,” Tucker said, “What do you think, Buster?”
Buster held his flashlight to the panel and examined the pattern, “Hmm, well, let me think, Sir.”
“Don’t take too long, Buster,” Tucker ordered, “We still have to figure out how to stretch enough cable to charge up the ship.”
Gus nodded, “Well, we have to get to engineering first.”
Reaching towards the blue light, Gus tapped it and the blue flashing light stopped. Instead, the yellow light glowed and began rapid flashing.
“I was going to do that,” Buster smiled.
“Uh-huh. Okay, you did something, Gus.”
A moment later, the yellow flashing light stopped and glowed softly with the blue.
“I’m a likin’ this pattern much better,” Tucker nodded.
Tucker reached up and tapped both yellow and blue lights on the diamond panel. The green light lit up and the door rolled up exposing a passage and a ladder.
Gus poked his head through the four-foot square opening, “This ladder goes up as well as down, Tuck. I’ll bet if we stretch enough fiber, we can reach the ship using this passage.”
“Let’s hope so, Gus,” Tucker nodded as he climbed onto the ladder, “Because I don’t think those airlock doors will allow us to keep any of them open.”
Tucker descended the ladder, hand under hand, as Gus and Buster followed.

Sergeant Samuels stopped at the door before them. Examining the lights revealed the pattern Tucker ran into moments ago.
“Whattya want to do, Cass?” Doctor Rhodes asked.
“Let’s try what Gus did.”
Cassie tapped the blue light, which stopped the blue and began flashing the yellow. 
“Okay, same reaction,” Samuels nodded, aiming his light at the door.
“Nothing’s happening,” Cassie added.
“Maybe give it a minute,” Rhodes suggested, “They waited a couple before theirs changed.”
Samuels placed his ear to the door, “don’t hear any hissing.”
“What do you hear?” Cassie asked.
“I don’t hear anything.”
“Wait,” Rhodes pointed, “Something happening.”
They watched as the yellow light changed back to solid and the blue resumed flashing.
“I think we’ve hit a dead end here, Sam, any suggestions?”
“Yes,” Sam answered over her wireless, “Backtrack to the last junction and go down a level. You’ll have to go under and then back up. I detect a section hole on the other side of that door.”
“You’re just now telling us that?” Samuels protested, “You could have said something before we tried to open this door.”
“If that door had opened,” Doctor Rhodes quickly added, “We’d have been all sucked out into space!”
“Okay, okay, sorry, guys,” Sam answered, “There’s only me here, remember? I was scanning a door for Tucker’s team first.”
“Okay, next time we’ll wait,” Cassie answered, “Okay, Sarge,” she turned and aimed her light down the corridor, “Lead us back.”
Samuels took the lead spot and headed back to the last junction, “Well, at least we’re learning what these light patterns mean.”
“Yeah,” Cassie smiled, “Flashing yellow means no go that way.”
“That seems fair enough,” Samuels smiled in return, “So flashing blue means no air.”
“Yep,” Cassie nodded as they came to the junction, “That seems fair enough too.”
Pressing the red button lit up the display until the green light glowed and the door slid open.
“After you, Cassie,” Samuels motioned, “I’ll take the rear for a change.”
“Suit yourself, Sarge.”
The three headed down and more forward to cross the hull breach before making their way to the upper levels.

Tucker descended to the lower floor and waited for Buster and Gus to join him.
“Sam, you got a scan on this door?”
“Yes, Commander,” Sam answered, “I’m seeing a large control room. It’s sealed and has air inside. You’re good.”
“Why thank you, Sam…”
“I didn’t mean it that way, Commander.”
“Oh… well, thanks anyway, Captain…”
“…Major…”
“We need to get back to Earth for you to still be in the service,” Tucker tapped the blue light.
“… IF there’s any service on Earth to get back to,” Gus finished.
The green light caused the door to slide to the left inside the bulkhead as a faint pulse of an engine droned in their ear.
“Wow!” Buster exclaimed. “I’m lovin’ this ship!”
“Take it easy, whiz-kid, before you blow another gasket.”
“Commander…”
“Okay, peeps, let’s check out what we have here.”
Tucker stepped through the door and entered the large room, followed by a quick-stepping Buster.
Tucker grabbed his collar and slowed the young Captain, “Easy there, Buster!”
Gus held the entrance and stood just inside the room. Tucker let loose Buster’s collar and folded his arms.
Buster let out a high-pitched whistle, “This is SO cool, Commander! I can’t help it!”
“Tucker’s right, Buster,” Gus said, holding his weapon at the ready, “We don’t know anything about this ship or these people. Go easy, son.”
“Okay, okay,” Buster relented, “Can I touch this panel over here?” Buster asked, again, quickly stepping to the slanted panel.
“Touch it, but don’t do anything we’ll regret later, okay, whiz-kid?”
Buster tapped the glass once to bring it to life, then studied the console with folded arms.
“Hmm.”
“Hmm?” Tucker asked, shining his light over Buster’s shoulder, “That all ya’ got?”
“Well, yeah!” Buster said, turning to Tucker briefly, “What do you think? I don’t read alien yet.”
“How about you try using some of that residual amp charge and figure it out?” Gus urged.
“What’s the matter, Gus?” Tucker shrugged.
“I don’t know, Tuck. I don’t like it.”
“What? What’s wrong?”
“I can’t put my finger on it, Tuck, but this whole thing seems a bit too coincidental, if you know what I mean,” Gus said, pacing the floor in front of the room’s entrance.
“Relax, okay? Doc and Cassie both say there aren’t any life signs on this ship and they’ve not detected any of our green alien friends.”
Gus pointed his finger in Tucker’s direction, “Never take your guard down. Isn’t that what you keep telling all of us, Tuck?”
“Well, sure, Gus. I’m not taking my guard down. Not at all, but I do think we can breathe a little bit easier for a change.”
“Uh huh,” Gus nodded, “I’ll hold you to it too.”
“Okay, guys,” Buster nodded, “I’m beginning to understand these panels and some of these symbols.”
“Really?” Tucker exclaimed.
“Yeah, Commander, I am.”
“Care to share?”
“Sure thing, Commander,” Buster began.
“… just give us the short version,” Gus added.
“… right, oh, ah, err, okay, Gus,” Buster began touching various controls on the touchscreen, “This panel controls the engine output. Over here is environmental control, and here,” Buster stepped to another console, “we have main power.”
“Okay, good, so you understand what panels do what. So, how about a way to top off our tanks?”
“Umm, yeah, uh, err, okay, let me see,” Buster studied the displays for a moment, “I think the ship is capable of replenishing our power supply, but there might be a problem.”
“I’m all ears, whiz-kid.”
“Well, Commander, I’ll have to rig up an adapter port… then, umm, err, there’s the issue with the distance to the ship and, umm, the power degradation as it passes through the cables.”
Buster stepped behind him to another display that was flat on the wall. He pressed several commands bringing up a map of the ship. Pointing with his finger, he drew a line on the display, “We’re here. To get power pumping to our ship, we’d have to follow this path up the way we came and then down these corridors there. The problem is figuring out how to keep those doors in open mode so we can stretch the cable.”
Gus and Tucker stepped over to the flat panel display and stared.
“This is great, Buster,” Gus praised.
“Yeah, my whiz-kid has figured out how to show the map of the entire ship!”
“Well, gosh, that wasn’t so hard, Commander.”
Tucker tapped his headset, “Sam, did you read that? Buster has the entire complex on display down here.”
“Wow, that’s great news, Commander,” Sam answered.
“You can stop scanning anytime now, Sam,” Tucker nodded, “I think the whiz-kid’s got more surprises in store for us soon.”
“Standing by, Commander.”
“So we’ve got us a complete map. What are these red areas?” Tucker pointed.
“Those areas are consistent with the hull breaches and areas in the ship we should avoid.”
“How about lights?” Gus asked.
“Oh, sure, I can turn on and off lights. It’s over here on the environmental controls,” Buster stepped back to the opposite console and pressed a few commands. Placing his index finger, he moved a digital display slider causing the ship’s interior to illuminate.
“Wonderful,” Tucker smiled, “Say, Cassie, you got lights where you are yet? Looks like our very own whiz-kid is on a roll here.”

Cassie tapped her earpiece, “Yeah, Tuck. The lights are coming up here too. Tell the whiz-kid that’s much appreciated.”
Cassie turned to Samuels and the Doc before turning off her light, “Let’s conserve the batteries on these. Buster’s done it for us.”
Doctor Rhodes smiled as he sighed, “Great, now maybe we can see where the hell we’re going!”
“I know where I’m going, Doc,” Samuels answered, “The last junction to bypass the last hull breach is right up ahead.”
They moved to the split corridor and looked up to the next deck.
Rhodes pointed, “Did you see that?”
Cassie froze, “See what? What did you see, Doc?”
“I don’t know. It was a shadow or something.”
“Relax, Doc,” Samuels said, giving Rhodes a reassuring pat on his shoulder, “There’s nothing to be worried about.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right. It was just my eyes playing tricks on me, that’s all. Come on. Let’s keep moving.”
“If it’ll make ya’ feel any better, Doc,” Cassie said, taking the lead, “I’ll go first, m’kay?”
She hiked up the sloping ramp to the top and turned back to face the others, “C’mon, all’s clear.”
Rhodes and Samuels trotted up the ramp to join Cassie. The three turned back to the door at the top and pressed the red button at the bottom of the display. The light cycled through blue and yellow to green before the door slid open.
The three jumped back with a start as the open door exposed a small pool of green liquid. 
Cassie quickly tapped her earpiece, “Um, Tucker? You copy me?”
“Yeah, Cass,” They heard in their comm links, “What ya’ got?”
“We got us an alien infestation of the green slime kind!”
All they could hear in their ears was Tucker’s voice, “DEAR GOD!” 


Chapter 13

Alien Derelict
Systems Control Room


Tucker shook his head in disgust, “Say it ain’t so, Sassy!”
“I’m afraid so, Tuck. It’s a small pile of green goo. I can see the entry point above our heads inside this airlock door. They must have hitched a ride when the sphere dissolved.”
“Is it possible,” Tucker asked, turning to Buster, “they could have survived and found their way inside a crack in the hull?”
“Yeah, Commander,” Buster answered, “It’s not only possible, it sounds like it did.”
“Alright,” Tucker began to order, “Everyone back to the ship! Now!”
“We’re alright for now, Tuck,” Cassie answered, “I’d like to see if we can still make the command deck.”
“I agree with Cass on this one, Tucker,” Doctor Rhodes nodded, “I would like to examine this pool. None of us are in any kind of danger at the moment, Sir. I think it would benefit us to be on the top of the curve on this one.”
“Okay, okay,” Tucker relented, “Just take it easy around that stuff, okay? I mean, we totally know what this stuff can and will do!”
“You don’t have to tell me twice on that one, Tuck,” Cassie said, a worried look grew across her face.
“Hey, Buster,” Samuels began, “Can you figure out that door isolation thing? How about seeing if you can open this next door without closing us inside with the green goo?”
“He’s right, Buster,” Cassie nodded, “I think the command bridge is down the next corridor. We can cross this pool without any risk if both doors where open.”
Buster scratched the back of his head as he studied the console, “Maybe this is what that does?”
Tucker held Buster back before he could press anymore buttons, “Are you sure it’s this one?”
“Yeah, umm, err, yeah it’s this.”
Tucker folded his arms and smiled, “Stand by, Sass, Buster says he’s figured it out.”
Buster pressed a new sequence on the touch panel and then drew the resulting symbol with his finger to a new map he brought up on the same display.
Dropping the icon he returned to the panel and pressed a final sequence.
“Ask her if the door opened?”
“Well, Sass?” Tucker relayed.
“Umm, no… the first one closed.”
“She says the first one…”
“… Closed, yeah, “Buster nodded, “That’s the wrong one, sorry, Cassie.”
Buster dragged another icon to the door on the small map display and dropped it before pressing the sequence on the touchpad.
They were rewarded with Cassie’s voice, “Thank you, Buster. Both doors are open. Good job!”
“Yeah, um, err, okay,” Buster shrugged.
“You did do that, right?” Tucker asked.
“Umm, yeah, I think so, Commander, heh, heh.”
“I hope it was you,” Cassie said over her comm link.
“Yeah, well, I just got a sinking feeling is all, um, Cassie.”
“You and me both,” Cassie agreed.
Cassie inspected the dual open doors and the green substance haunting her feet.
She carefully stepped around the pool, her eyes glancing between the ceiling and floor.
Sergeant Samuels held his weapon ready at the alien substance as Cassie made her way to the other side of the airlock.
Once she was safely on the other side, Samuels pointed at Rhodes, “Okay, Doc, you next.”
“I’ll be alright, Sarge, I’m going to collect some samples. We could use some of this to repair our ship.”
“As long as there’s no more saltwater,” Cassie added. “C’mon, Rhodes. Collect your sample and then go on through. We all need to stay together.”
“There’s something to be said about power in numbers,” Samuels continued pointing.
“Okay, okay, I’ll come with you all.”
Reaching with a scalpel-looking instrument, he scraped at the goo dripping on the ceiling and sealed it in a clear vial. 
“There,” Rhodes nodded as he capped the lid and tucked the sample inside his medical kit. “That’ll be enough.”
“Oh, how I forget how fast this stuff can grow,” Cassie said with apprehension.
“We better not stay for more than a few hours,” Samuels pointed to the exit once more, “That means we better get a move on, Doc.”
“Right, getting a move on.”
He side-stepped around the slow growing substance, joining Cassie on the other side.
“Okay, Sarge,” Cassie said, “Easy does it, now.”
“Oh I know how to take it easy with this stuff, alright.”
Samuels crossed the substance with caution before joining the two.
Cassie tapped her headset, “Okay, Buster, seal up both doors. Let’s keep that stuff on the other side, m’kay?”
“Sure thing, Cassie,” they heard over their comm links.
The two doors slid closed simultaneously, sealing them in the corridor.
“You got it, Buster,” Cassie smiled, “Good job!”
“Thank you, Cassie. You’re right about your position. Down that corridor is one door. That will open to the ship’s bridge. Once inside the conning tower base, you’ll have to climb to the command deck. There might be an elevator, but I haven’t discovered that yet.”
“You’re doing good, Buster,” Cassie smiled.
“We have to climb?” Rhodes protested.
The three made their way to the end of the corridor.
“Okay, Buster, we’re at the door. I don’t see a control box here.”
“That’s because it’s here, Cassie.”
“No doubt it’s a security feature,” Samuels surmised.
“No doubt,” Cassie nodded as she prepared herself for the climb. 
The door slid upward exposing a hollow chamber. The three entered and looked up, their eyes following a ladder imbedded in the wall.
“That’s like three stories high, people,” Rhodes panicked. “I don’t think I’m up for this climb.”
“Buster,” Cassie began, “You say you have full control of all environmental systems?”
“Yes, that’s right, Cassie.”
“How about terminating the gravity in this compartment? We’ll just float our way up to the command deck.”
“Good idea, Cassie,” the nervous sounding voice answered. “I’ll see what I can do.”
Buster fiddled with the alien control panel and grew a wide smile, “Hey, Cassie, you should feel a tad different now,” he chuckled.
“Yep,” Cassie smiled, “We’re weightless. Stand by.”
Cassie centered herself in the middle of the tower room and kicked off. She floated upward, passing two levels of operations and system controls. Each deck felt more eerie as the last the closer she came to the top section.
Reaching out, she grabbed the railing and spun herself around and planted her feet on the top deck. 
“We’ve got gravity at the top. All you have to do is push off.”
Doctor Rhodes held his hands close to his chest and shot upward toward Cassie, “Let me tell ya, I’m not a real big fan of weightlessness, either.”
Cassie reached out and caught Rhodes by his flight jacket and reeled him over to the platform.
“Okay, Sarge, you’re up!”
“I’m on my way, Cass.”
Samuels centered himself and kicked off, sending himself to the top with Cassie and Doctor Rhodes. He reached for the railing, swinging himself onto the platform.
“Well, that wasn’t too awful.”
“The control room is beyond the door at the top. Give me a sec… just about have it… there! You should see that door open now.”
The door slid open to the left revealing a spectacular view through the front curved glass which circled the entire bridge. Several lit command stations, empty, lined the edge of the area.
“Fascinating!” Cassie exclaimed. 
The three entered the large open room, gazing at all the instrument clusters that surrounded the bridge deck. 
Cassie stepped to the center of the room. Her eyes followed three steps with railings to a raised chair.
“Get a load of this, Sarge,” Cassie pointed.
She climbed the short ladder to the top and sat in the leather-like chair, “Ha, eat your heart out, Tucker!”
“Don’t touch anything, Major,” Samuels urged, “We don’t know what any of this stuff does.”
“I know, I know,” Cassie said as she returned to the deck with the others, “Buster, you really need to see this place! You’d get thrilled, that’s for sure!”
“Yeah, Cassie,” they heard over the comm link, “I’ll come see you in a little bit.”
Tucker placed a hand on Buster’s shoulder, “C’mon, whiz-kid. I think you’re needed on the bridge. We have to figure out where we’re headed and see if we can figure out who this ship belongs to.”
Gus raised his eyebrows, “We have to find out just how big our infestation is and how much time we’ve got before that substance becomes a threat!”
“We’ll escort Buster to the command. Then we can return to solve our power replenish problem.”
“I don’t think we have time for all of us to go, Tuck.”
“Gus, we’ve already decided it’s best if we’re not separated. We should stay in a group.”
“From the one that says we can breathe easier.”
“Yeah, well, that was before Cassie found our little green friends hitched a ride with us.”
“Well, if we are to get off this derelict ship with any hopes of going home again, we better figure out how to power-up our ship. I don’t think we have the luxury of staying together on this one.”
Tucker turned to Buster, “Can you seal this room up and show him how to open up when the Sarge and I return?”
“Yeah, Commander,” Buster turned to face one panel, “You just use this interface. This one locks it and this one opens. You’ll be completely sealed up in here. Gus should be safe, Commander.”
“That’ll give me time to finish rigging up Buster’s idea. Now go. Take the boy wonder to the bridge so we can figure out our position.”
“Okay, Gus, I’ll be back in twenty with the Sarge.”
Gus pressed the sequence to open the door allowing Buster and Tucker to exit. The two exited the room as Gus sealed himself inside.
“Gus, Tucker, do you copy?”
“Copy you, Tucker. Ya’ll come back now, ya’ hear?”
“Just twenty minutes, okay? Twenty minutes!”
Tucker looked up at the ladder before going hand over hand up, “Might have been a good thing if you had eliminated the gravity in here too, Buster.”
“Oh, well, ah, err, sorry, Commander, I didn’t think of that.”
“No kidding, whiz-kid?”
Buster followed Tucker up the three flights and down the corridor before making a turn to where Cassie said would be a long corridor.
“Which way, Buster?”
“I think it’s this way, Commander,” Buster pointed.
“No, it’s this way,” Tucker answered, pointing down another corridor.
“I don’t think so, Sir. I’m sure she said it’s down this way.”
“Gus, Tucker. Can you verify which way we go?”
“Yeah, the whiz-kid’s right, Tucker. That’s the main corridor that leads to the junction Cassie told us about.”
“Okay, okay, so we go up here and the next air locking door holds our green alien friends?”
“That’s what I’m told,” Buster answered.
The two came to the door at the top of the split corridor. Tucker pressed the bottom button sending the colored lights up the panel to the green light. The door began to slide to the side, but stuck halfway open.
“We’ve got a little problem here, guys!” 
“What’s wrong Tuck?” Cassie asked over her wireless.
“For some reason the green goo has grown incredibly fast. It’s preventing the door from opening all the way.”
“If you can’t get that door open, Tuck, we’ll be trapped back here. There’s no other way out of here that I know of,” Cassie panicked.
“Now don’t you worry your pretty little head over this doorjamb being jammed up with this jam.”
“Stop it, Tuck!”
“What, Sass?”
Tucker grabbed the door and pushed, fighting the resistance from the forming green alien goo.
“C’mon, Buster, give me a hand,” Tucker grunted.
“Buster flexed his boyish muscles and grabbed the door with Tucker. Between the two of them, they shoved the door open enough to access the other door switch.
 “Gus, Tuck, you copy?”
“I read you, Tuck. Go ahead.”
“Can you isolate this door so we can open the other side?”
“I’m on it, Tuck. Stand by.”
Tucker noticed the alien matter dripping from the crack in the hull above their heads, “I think we better get out of here pretty soon, guys! This hull crack is getting larger.”
“I’ve isolated the door,” Gus reported, “Go ahead and open the inner door.”
Tucker inched himself inside the small airlock, his back firmly pressed to the wall as he slid past the alien matter. The substance quivered as he got closer. The alien matter grew a tentacle that grabbed at Tucker’s chest.
He inched further inside, avoiding the tentacle and pressed the door sequence. The door slid open.
Buster gasped, “Umm, Commander! Watch out! It’s trying to form!”
The tentacles formed in the substance, but not completely. Then each melted back into the alien goo.
Tucker reached the other side of the compartment and stood with hands on his hips in the safety of the corridor. 
“Buster, you’re next. Just ease on across,” Tucker reached his hand toward the young Captain, “take my hand and I’ll pull you across.”
Buster planted his back to the wall, shoved his glasses and moved inside the airlock taking Tucker’s hand.
“Just don’t touch the stuff. Okay whiz-kid? We don’t need any of us bringing any of that stuff with us that we don’t know about!”
“Oh right, um, err, Tuck, ah, Commander… I-I got th-th-this.”
“Relax, Buster, “Tucker said as he took Buster’s hand and yanked him over the oozing alien mass.
“Whew,” Buster sighed, “That’s was close, Commander!”
“Step aside, Buster,” Tucker said, growing a blaster rifle down his left arm, “I’ll cut them down to size for a bit, but honestly don’t know why or how they’re growing so fast.”
Tucker sprayed blue blaster bolts at the hanging alien goo. Screams could be heard as the substance was knocked down and cut to micro pool on the bottom of the airlock door.
“Gus, I don’t think we should seal these doors closed again. Next time, we might not be so lucky!”
“Agreed, Tuck,” Gus reported. “I’m almost done here. I’ve made a way for us to transport this ship’s energy with our Penning traps on the ship. We fill those up and we can bug outta here!”
“Good work, Gus…” Tucker smiled, “See?” turning to Buster, “I praise my team.”
“Uh-huh,” Buster answered.
“What!?”
“C’mon, Commander,” Buster chuckled, “Let’s meet up with the others. I’m excited to see the bridge of this ship.
The two made their way to the conning tower and floated themselves up to the top deck where Cassie, Doctor Rhodes and Sergeant Samuels waited.
Stepping on the large command deck, Buster gasped once more, “Whoa! I never imagined how really cool this place would be!”
“I’m glad you like it, Buster,” Tucker said. “You better get to work. Hey Cass,” Tucker nodded in her direction, “You mind showing the whiz-kid around the place. Samuels, you’re with me. Seems as if Gus has figured out our energy replenish method. We need to get back to the ship and bring him all our free Penning traps.”
“Sounds good to me, Tuck,” Samuels said, making his rail gun ready. “The sooner we can get underway the better. This place gives me the major creeps!”
Tucker and Samuels left the command deck and headed for the Salvage-5.



Chapter 14

Salvage-5 Load Ramp


Tucker and Samuels reached the Salvage-5 deck in record time. Running up the rear cargo ramp, Tucker shouted to the pilot house.
“Hey Sam! You home?”
“Oh right,” Sam shouted in return, “I forgot this is my home. Yep, flight deck and main control center of Salvage-5. Oh yeah, Sam never gets to leave, this is my home, gotcha!”
Tucker turned to Samuels, “Does she sound bitter to you, Sarge?”
“Bitter? No, that’s not bitter, Tuck. That’s down right furious, in my estimation.”
Sam made her way down the ladder from the pilot house, “Nice to see anyone’s face, Tuck.”
Tucker returned a stern stare before Sam gulped, “Err, Commander. What can I do you for?”
“What you can do me for is help us gather all the empty Penning traps and bring them to Gus.”
“Oh goodie,” Sam grew a smile, “Does that mean I get to come along too?”
“Ahh, no… Sorry Sam, but you did say this was your home, an’ all.”
Sam’s smile grew to one of distress before Samuels broke in, “Ahhh jeez!” He reached around and grabbed his right thigh. “Ow! Ow! Ow!” he then winced, “Sam, you go in my place this time. I’ll hold the fort down. You’re furloughed for a field trip. I’m sorry, Tuck, that damn old injury is putting the hurt on at the minute.”
“The ol’ war injury, Sarge? Really? You’re gonna pull the war injury routine right now?”
Samuels hobbled to a bench and sat down, “Yeah, my sciatica is on fire. I think I better rest it a spell, Commander,” Samuels massaged his rear thigh with his right hand.
“Oh brother!” Tucker said, placing his hands on his hips, “Okay, okay,” he relented, “Sam can come with me, but only this one time!” Tucker finished with a pointed finger, at the now, smiling Samantha.
“Seriously, Tucker?” Sam beamed.
“Yeah, serious as a crutch.”
Sam’s smile slowly faded.
“C’mon, let’s get the traps and head out.”
Sam turned toward the locker that contained the secured Penning traps, pressed the unlock sequence and flipped the chest open.
The exposed traps were quickly collected by Tucker and Sam before they left down the ship’s cargo ramp.
Samuels slowly shook his head, “Wow, leave this mess for me to clean up.”
“I heard that, Sarge,” Tucker said from outside the ship.
Samuels stood from his bench and made his way over to the trunk. Suddenly wincing in pain, he grabbed at the rear of his right thigh, “OW! Man! This is no good!”
Samuels hobbled over to the trunk and began securing the cargo before sitting back down on a nearby seat, “Jeez, this ain’t no good… no good at all.”
He tapped the side of his headset, “Tucker… Tucker do you read me, Tucker?”
Static broke inside of Samuels’ ear before Tucker’s voice came through, “Yeah, I read ya’ loud and clear, Sarge.”
“You do know which way to go, right?
“Of course, Sarge. I got this.
Tucker glanced over to Sam with raised eyebrows, “Jeez, where do they find ‘em,” then turned his attention back to the open alien door, “We go through this control room and down the next corridor. We go right at the fork.”
“No, you go left at the fork, Tucker,” Samuels voice echoed in each of their ears.
“I’m pretty sure it was right, Sarge.”
“Sorry Tuck, it’s left and down… remember you don’t like going down? So, go that way and you’ll be fine.”
Tucker tilted his head from left to right, “Go left and down, he says… wow, you’d think he was in charge, jeez!”
Tucker and Sam made their way down the left corridor and took the junction down a level. 
Tucker turned to Sam and pointed right, “After you.”
“Are you certain you know where you’re going?”
“Sure, sure, sure, Sam, no worries. I know this ship’s layout like the back of my hand.”
The two traveled in the direction Tucker insisted and then came to the end. It was much darker and colder than the rest of the ship they had been in.
“How soon we gonna meet up with Gus?” Sam asked as she rubbed her arms, “It’s freezing down here.”
Tucker stopped and placed his hands on his hips as he turned in a circle, “We should be pretty close now.”
“You’re lost, aren’t you, Commander?”
“No… NO! I’m not lost… just a little turned around is all,” Tucker answered as he tapped his headset, “Gus… come in, Gus? Do you read me?”
Static was all that was returned in Tucker’s ear.
Sam tapped her headset, “Cassie, Samuels? Anyone? Does this thing work anymore?”
More static.
“Great… just great!” Tucker grimaced.
“Maybe it’s this corridor?”
“Maybe. Let’s keep moving, Sam.”
Tucker reached over and tapped the door console. The two were quickly rewarded with the familiar blue and yellow light patterns before the green light illuminated.
“There’s our cue,” Tucker pointed as he reached to tap the green lit button.
The door made a clicking noise as the internal mechanism unlocked and rolled the door to the side.
A poof of steam exited the door revealing a fog inside the room.
“What’s up with this, Tuck?”
“Good question, Sam,” Tucker placed his hands on his hips once more, “But I don’t like it… my Spidey sense is pegging my meter over up in here!”
Tucker unslung his weapon and made it ready before entering the fog-filled room. Sam, watching Tucker make ready, held her weapon and followed him through the open door.
The fog wrapped around their feet as they slowly walked into the open room. Steam vented from the sides of the room adding to the dripping wet feeling.
Sweat formed on their foreheads and bled through their clothing making visible stains.
Tucker waved his hand in front of him, moving the thick fog from his face, “What the hell is going on in here?”
“I don’t like it, Tuck…”
“Stand back, Sam!” 
Tucker held his rail-gun and opened fire close to the floor, into the fog. Screeching sounds filled their ears as green goo sprayed against the back wall, and green tentacles reached out, grabbing at the two. The fog momentarily spread enough to see their peril.
Sam’s shriek added to the piercing noise now echoing through the room. She opened fire in another direction, cutting a slithering tentacle creature into a pile of green goo.
“C’mon!” Tucker shouted, “Let’s get outta here!”
“That’s a big 10-4!”
The two backed out of the room and pressed the close sequence to the room. The door clicked as it rolled closed and locked.
“We’ve got a big problem, Sam!”
“You’re telling me!? We better backtrack and find Gus, soon!”
“I must have taken a wrong turn, Sam. Sorry about that’n all.”
“No kidding, Tuck?” Sam protested, “A wrong turn? Ya’ think?”
“Well, hey now. If we hadn’t found this little gestation room full of our little tentacled friends.”
“True that,” Sam answered as they came to their last junction.
“It’s this way, Sam,” Tucker pointed down one direction.
“I think so,” Sam nodded, “I think that’s the way we came,” she pointed down the alternate corridor.
Tucker tapped his headset once more, “Does anyone hear me? Come in?”
More static.
“You’re not getting out!”
“The aliens must have some kind of jamming thing going on!”
They came to another door at the end of a corridor. 
“I think we have to go back two junctions, Tuck.”
“Well, we’re here. We might as well have a look on the other side.”
“Are you sure about this, Tuck?” Sam pleaded as she watched him press the first door sequence.
The door mechanism clicked as the unlock sequence drilled in their ears. The door rolled open, exposing a dark room.
“Oh look, Sam, there’s no fog here.”
“No, no there’s not,” Sam hesitated.
Tucker reached into his cargo pants and retrieved one of the emergency light sticks. He broke it and gave it a good shake, causing the phosphorescent chemical to glow bright before tossing into the room.
The darkness was dispelled by the green glowstick.
“You think using a green glowstick is gonna help, Tuck? They’re green. They can blend in.”
“No… no, I think it’s alright, Sam.”
“I ain’t goin’ in there,” Sam protested, “not after last time!”
“Will you relax, already?” Tucker insisted, “Now you wanted to come along… whatever happened to your wanting to get away and explore?”
Tucker smiled at Sam before ducking into the room.
“Crap!” Sam swore before entering the room with Tuck.
“Hey, I think you were staying outside?”
“I ain’t stayin’ alone out there! No way, no how!”
“Fine, fine,” Tucker smiled, “Good to see you’re sense of adventure is doing good again.”
“Yeah, right. Whatever, Commander,” Sam whispered.
The two walked up to the glowstick resting on the ground. Tucker reached down and picked it up. Holding it out in front of him, he examined the room.
Walking up to the wall, Tucker found several horizontal imbedded tubes. 
“Well, I think we just found the inhabitants of this ship, Sam.”
Sam followed Tucker and peered over his shoulder, “What the hell’s in there?”
Tucker aimed the light stick closer as he leaned in toward the tube.
Their eyes focused on the horror inside the sealed tube.
“Do not open this tube!” Tucker grimaced.
Rotting flesh hung from the bones inside the chamber. The creature’s hair fell from its skull. The remaining clothing clung to the decomposing body within. 
“Jeez, this one don’t look so well.”
“Ya’ think?” Sam withdrew and turned away incase Tucker accidently opened the chamber. Her gag reflex kept her away from the glass, “That’s disgusting!”
“This must be some kind of cryogenics chamber.”
“I’d say the technology failed them, Tuck.”
“Ya’ think?” Tucker mocked. 
“Well, at least we know where the owners are, now.
“Is that a beak?” Tucker asked, leaning closer to the glass.
Sam pulled him back, “Don’t get so close, Tucker.”
“Well, is it?”
Sam peered down with Tucker out of curiosity, “Yes, that’s a beak on the thing.”
“Hmmm, interesting.”
“So, okay, they have parrot faces. Can we get out of here, now?”
A familiar knocking sounded on the other side of the wall.
Tucker moved the light stick up and noticed green ooze seeping down.
“They’re on the other side of this wall! They’re trying to break through.”
Tucker and Sam retreated from the tubes.
“This isn’t any good, Sam!”
They watched as the green ooze seeped slowly through the wall and began dripping onto the tubes.
“They’re going to absorb these dead creatures’ DNA, Commander!”
“There’s nothing we can do at the moment, Sam! Let’s get outta here!”
The two exited the room and sealed the door before backtracking to another junction.
Turning the next corner, Tucker tapped his headset, “Can anyone read me, over?”
Static crackled in their ears as they attempted to listen to a faint voice, “T—ck-r… -am… do- y-u hear me?”
“Is that you Cass? We can barely make out your voice…”
“Were a-e -ou, T-ck-r,” his headset crackled.
“We have a major infestation! Need to warn everyone! Do you copy?”
“I’m s-tart-ng t- -ear yo- b-tter. Maj-r inf-sta-ion!? Say again?”
“There you are, Cass! You’re not breaking up anymore! Yes! We have a major green alien infestation! Repeat! Everyone; get back to the ship, now! Sam and I are doubling back to get Gus!”
“We read you, Tucker. How bad is it?”
“Sam and I took a wrong turn…”
Sam cut in over her headset, “Tucker took a wrong turn, but I’m not keeping score…”
Tucker glanced over to Sam as they made their way down the corridor, “Regardless of who made what turn, we know they’ve nearly taken over this ship’s forward section!”
“Commander,” Tucker heard Buster in his headset, “I’ve almost got our fix. Just a few more minutes. That’s all I need to get the coordinates, Sir!”
“Okay, Buster,” Tucker answered, “We do need those, so you have until we get to Gus and fill up these canisters and head back!”
“I should have it by then, Commander.”
“Good work, Buster! Keep me posted,” Tucker paused a moment, “Sarge, do you copy all of this?”
The comm link returned static as Tucker continued calling Samuels.

Sergeant Samuels’ headset laid out of earshot as he secured the ship’s cargo containers at the rear of the ship. He pushed and grunted as he set the final container into place and pulled the cargo cord around, locking the crate in position.
He stood and stretched his sore back before stepping down the ramp of the Salvage-5’s rear cargo door.
“Man! What was I thinkin’ lifting them crates?”
Samuels placed his hands on his hips and leaned to the left, pulling his back before leaning right to stretch his other side. Then he leaned backward and then lowered to touch his toes. 
He grunted as he stopped halfway down with a wince, “Ahh! Now that hurts.”
Standing upright, he opened his eyes and saw a green-colored alien mass approaching the ship.
Gasping, Samuels ran into the ship, grabbed his rail gun and earpiece before clumsily placing the comm link to his ear as he ran back out.
Panic set in as he armed the rail gun and began firing at the alien mass.
Shouting into his headset, “I’m under attack! Repeat, this is Samuels! I am under attack!”
Tucker’s voice echoed in Samuels ear, “Hold that position, Sarge! We’ll be there as soon as we can!”
Sending a barrage of rail shot into the alien substance, the goo began to take form, “Oh man, Tuck! I don’t know how long I can hold it off! It’s taking form!”
“Cassie,” Tucker shouted over his headset, “You’re gonna need to break it off now! Samuels is in trouble! Copy?”
“This is Cassie, Tuck! Roger that! Buster, you’re gonna have to make do with what you have! We’re buggin’ out now!”
Doctor Rhodes, followed by Buster and Cassie, made their way out of the command deck and down the conning tower before heading back to the ship.


Chapter 15

Alien Derelict
Outside Main Engineering Room


Tucker and Samantha arrived where Gus was sealed behind the blast door of the engineering room. 
Tapping on his headset, Tucker called for him, “Gus, you can open up now. We made it. Gus, do you copy me?”
The giant doors began to clank as they ran through the unlock routine before separating apart. The siding doors reveled Gus standing at the door with his hands on his hips.
“Well, it’s about damn time you decided to show your ugly mug, Tuck. What took you so long… and you did bring the canisters, right?
Sam pointed with her thumb at Tucker, “Took a couple of wrong turns, Gus.”
Tucker cut Sam off, “… and it’s a good thing I did too, or we wouldn’t know the extent of the alien infestation. Otherwise, I’m afraid it would have been too late for us.”
“What exactly is going on, Tuck?”
“Haven’t you been listening?” Tucker begged as he removed his backpack of canisters.
“Cassie and company are headed back to the ship, Gus,” Sam interjected, “The aliens are overrunning this derelict ship!”
“You haven’t been listening, have you?”
“No Tuck, once these blast doors were shut, it sealed off my comm link from everyone!”
“We’ve got to get these filled,” Tucker said, handing the bag to Gus, “and now Samuels is under attack! We’ve got to move out of here, and fast!”
Gus tapped his headset, “Cassie, this is Gus, how soon are you able to engage the alien at the ship?”
Everyone’s earpiece crackled Cassie’s voice, “Just about there now, Gus!”
“Samuels,” Tucker then called as he helped Gus stage the canisters for charging, “How are you holding out?”
The radio cracked Samuels’ nervous voice as rail shot after rail shot echoed in the background, “I’m losing the battle, Commander! These bullets are ineffective… it’s starting to take shape! Hurry!”
“Get back into the ship and seal her up!” Tucker urged, “Use the ship’s blaster guns on it!”
Gus nodded as he called over his headset, “Step it up, Major! Samuels is in serious trouble!”
“We’re going through the control room now, but there’s left over residue that’s trying to block the exit!”
“Cut through it, Cassie!” Tucker shouted into his comm link.
Cassie opened fire on the green ooze, riddling the growth with her rail shot. Cutting the green goo down, they were able to enter the bay where Samuels battled a large three-legged creature.
Doctor Rhodes and Buster stayed behind her barrage of shot before running to Samuels’ aid.
Buster stopped and retrieved his control box from his backpack. He ran toward the green forming substance, holding the box’s probe and jammed it into the creature.
Activating the box, Buster sent his programming code down the cable and into the beast, causing it to scream as it formed lips and a mouth out of the goo’s apex before turning to face the creatures’ assailant.
The head began forming and tentacles grew from the mass. The young Captain was surrounded.
“No Buster!” Cassie shouted. “Get away from it!”
“I got this, Cass!” Buster shouted in confidence.
Yellow and blue data patterns continued to flow from Buster’s box and into the shrieking creature. The form of the green mass melted and flowed down into the floor. Surrounding Captain Clark. Buster yanked his probe from the dissolving creature, “Take that, you beastie!”
The screaming stopped as the green mass no longer held any shape. Buster ran from the pool of goo, kicking his shoes off, “Oh man! Get back, you green slime! BACK!”
Buster stood in his socks near Doctor Rhodes. The Doctor grabbed him by the shoulders and held him still, “You got him, Buster! Take it easy now!”
Cassie came over to Samuels, who rested on the lowered rear cargo ramp, “You okay, Sarge?”
Samuels rubbed the sweat from his brow as he sighed, “Yeah, yeah, I think so.”
“That was close,” Doctor Rhodes added as he and Buster stepped over to the two.
“Too close,” Samuels added. “I thought I was gonna be overtaken this time for sure.”
“You have to remember who came to your rescue, Sarge.”
“Hey,” Tucker said over their wireless links, “I heard that!”
“Hey, Commander,” Cassie smiled, “Well, you might not have made it back in time, seeing you keep taking wrong turns, n’all.”
“That’s quite enough, Sass.”
“How soon can you three head back?” Cassie asked.
“Seems as if Gus has a good handle on the canisters.”
Gus’s voice interrupted Tucker, “Yeah Cass,” I’m filling the last one now. I didn’t think it’d take too long once Tucker got here with the traps.”
“Okay, okay, I took a couple of wrong turns,” Tucker raised a finger toward Samantha and Gus, “But it’s still a good thing I did.”
“Yeah, yeah, you saved the day in alerting us.”
Cassie turned to Buster and placed a hand on his shoulder, “thanks to Buster’s quick thinking…”
“… and a huge adrenaline self-amp charge gave me the courage,” Buster added.
“… Buster decompiled Xat-Anah.”
“He’s back?”
“Yes, Tuck,” Samuels added over his wireless, “It was about to take me. I think it needs resources.”
“Well, if it didn’t,” Cassie nodded, “he sure does now.”
“How long do we have before he can reform again?” Samuels asked.
“We have a couple hours at best,” Buster answered, “It’s already beginning to reprogram itself.”
“I’ll bet he’s mad as hell, too,” Cassie said, pointing her rail gun at the oozing puddle on the floor.
“Buster,” Doctor Rhodes asked, “Can you try to program this stuff to collect into a canister like you did before we left?”
“I might be able to if we had more amp juice, but we don’t have enough!”
“Tucker,” Cassie added through her headset, “How soon?”
“Jeez, Cass,” Tucker answered, “Give us another minute and Gus’ll be all finished down here.”
“It’s a pretty delicate process, Major,” Gus added. “One wrong move and, well, a lot can go wrong.”
“We’re running out of time, Tuck,” Cassie nodded to the others, “Let’s get everything buttoned up on the ship. We’ll have to take off and do our refueling laters!”
The group watched as the pool of green ooze bubbled, popped and rippled as it undulated on the floor.
“Ship’s ‘bout ready to depart,” Samuels reported, “I think the more delicate process is getting us lifted out of here and then who ever operates the controls in there,” Samuels pointed at the alien control room, “gets back to the ship, safely.”
Cassie stepped onto the open rear cargo hatch, “I’ll don a suit, blow the doors after everyone is onboard. I can make my way back to the ship and then Sam can lift off, simple.”
“That’s gonna be much too dangerous for you alone, Cass,” Samuels added.
“Why, Sarge,” Cassie smiled, “Are you volunteering as my escort?”
 “Well, um, no… but…”
Cassie cut Samuels off, “Good, get suited up. You’re with me. Tuck, do you copy that?”
“Copy that, Cass. Gus and I will work on interfacing these canisters as Sam gets ready for take-off.”
“I just finished charging up the last trap,” Gus reported. “We’re ready to head out here.”
Tucker waved his arm at the exit, “After you, Gus. I’ll follow you this time. Wouldn’t want to take any wrong turns now, would we?” Tucker finished under his breath.
“You know, Tuck, you forget I’m a clone.”
“No, I haven’t forgotten that little fact,” Tucker answered as he followed Sam, who followed Gus out the exit.
“As a clone, you should remember, I have better than perfect hearing.”
“Yeah, and your point, Mister Gus the Clone?”
“I heard that...”
“I know, I’m not completely daft, you know.”
The three made their way from the alien engineering room and headed back toward the Salvage-5.
Gus lead the three to the ladder and climbed the three stories to the ship’s level. Climbing from the ladder opening at the top, Gus took Sam’s hand and helped her through. Tucker reached the top and exited the conduit and stood with Sam and Gus.
Gus held his hand in a fist to the air and whispered, “Shhh, I just heard something…”
Tucker listened intently and then whispered, “What? I don’t hear anything.”
Sam nodded, “Shhh,” she whispered at the two, “I heard it too just now…”
Gus poked his head around the next corner and then darted back around and planted his back firmly on the corridor wall.
“We have a clinker,” Gus again whispered.
Tucker held his rail gun at the ready and darted around the corner. He stood with his feet slightly spread and his weapon pointed before him, “You guys better get your clone hearing checked. There’s nothing here.”
“Then why are you still whispering?” Sam asked.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Tucker finished with a whisper, “just in case.”
“Okay,” Gus nodded, joining Tucker around the corner. “Let’s keep moving.”
Tucker held Gus back and looked at him, “Maybe I should go first this time, eh?”
Gus stepped aside and gave a wave, “After you, Tuck. Sam; you’re next and I’ll take up the rear.”
“How many times do I have to tell you, Gus, stay away from my rear,” Sam smirked.
“Very funny and it wasn’t me, it was Tucker…”
The three rounded the next corner and froze.
Tucker looked up at a tall mechanical cyborg, armed with two rail guns down each arm. The face was familiar to Tucker.
“Well, well, well,” Tucker exclaimed, his gun pointed at the mechanical cyborg, “I guess you’re hearing is pretty good after all there, Gus.”
Gus looked up at the massive creature.
“I thought we destroyed you,” Tucker smiled, “But, hey, here you are in all your metal glory.”
The metallic cyborg stood motionless.
“What? Cat got your tongue?” Tucker continued aiming his weapon.
The mechanical cyborg shook his head and pointed to its voice box once more.
“Ahh, I see. Not enough resources again, eh? Well, so sorry about that n’all but, I don’t think I can offer any help there.”
Sam closed her eyes and thought, hey Gus, you reading me?
Yes, I read you and I have to tell ya’ that after facing off with this thing again, I do have a pretty strong amp self-charge.
Me too… ready on three?
Two… Three, Gus finished.
Gus rose his hands and created shielding as Sam threw a power wave at the mechanical cyborg. The clinker shot backward and landed hard on its back.
The cyborg opened fire in midair as it fell backward to the ground. Tucker fired his rail gun, filling the cyborg’s chest cavity with hundreds of rail-shot.
The Tucker-clone continued firing. Gus’ shield sparked with each hit of the rail shot, displaying the field of protection.
Sam held her arms up with Gus’ to strengthen the shield.
Tucker ceased fire at the same time the Tucker-clone stopped.
The air quieted.
The shielding continued shimmering a field of protection around the three.
“What just happened,” Sam asked.
“I don’t know, Sam!” Gus shouted his answer, straining his arms.
Tucker lowered his weapon, pointing it at the ground as the Tucker-clone returned to its feet and held its weapon in like manner.
“What did you do, Tuck?” Gus asked.
“I simply appealed to the clone’s sensibility. I’m giving myself up to it in exchange for you two.”
“What?” Sam protested. “Commander, you can’t do that!”
“I have to agree, Tucker. Jeez, where do they find ‘em, Sam?”
Tucker stepped over the boundary of the protective shielding and walked over to the clone.
“No Tuck!” Sam again shouted in protest, “Don’t do it!”
“You two get out of here while you still can!” Tucker ordered, “I mean it! Get back to the ship with those canisters!”
“This clone isn’t going to tell you the truth, Tuck,” Gus insisted.
“What makes you think that, Gus?”
“Because you lie and it’s your clone, that’s why!”
“Hey!”
“Hey nothing, Commander,” Sam said, “You do lie… I seem to remember you admitting that on earlier missions.”
“Yeah, well, you know,” Tucker offered his rail gun to the cyborg clone as he waved to the two with his free hand, attempting to shoo them off.
Gus and Sam looked at each other before Gus nodded an answer, “Okay, okay, Commander, I get it. Come on, Sam, he means it, now, let’s go!”
Sam shook her head, “No… no you can’t be serious!”
Gus lowered his shielding and grabbed Sam by the arm and drug her off, Come on, Sam, Tucker knows what he’s doing…
Sam fought against Gus’ pulling, “I can’t believe you’re doing this, Commander… Tucker!”
Gus pulled Sam around the corner before Sam relaxed against the pulling Gus.
“Okay, okay,” Sam whispered, “Lay off already, I get it!”
Come on,” Gus said, taking off for the next junction, “I know what he’s doing.”
The two fled down the corridor and crossing junctions, making their way back to the ship.

Tucker walked with the mechanical cyborg to the most forward section of the derelict ship. The cyborg carried Tucker’s weapon and held its free hand to Tucker’s back, dictating his direction from behind.
“I know you really want to get even with Xat ol’ buddy, huh? I mean, taking away your ability to speak like that.”
The clone looked down at Tucker as he continued speaking, taking in his every word, “I mean, let’s get real, you know as well as I that he omitted that function on purpose, right?”
The clone nodded in agreement.
“You’d likely do anything to get back at him, right?”
Again, the clone nodded its agreement.
“Then why don’t you and I,” Tucker pointed to his chest and then the clone’s, “you know, team up and get even with ol’ Xat, ol’ buddy, ol’ pal?”
The clone shook his disagreement and pointed only to its own chest.
“Oh, I see, you like working alone, right? I mean, I like working alone... that’s something that your cybernetic pathways must be telling you as well, right?
The clone pointed three times at its own chest as it nodded.
“See, we can team up and still work alone. You trust me, right? I mean what’s not to trust, it’s ol’ Tucker Petersen here, huh?”
The clone pointed once at Tucker and once at its’ own chest. Then it held it’s hand up and made a fist to halt the backwards walking Tucker.
Holding its cloned finger to its lips, he motioned to Tucker to quiet it.
“Wow,” Tucker whispered, “I’m being shushed by everyone today… Jeez!”
The clone stepped around a corner. The door was already open for the cyborg to step through. Tucker followed into the familiar large room. Several cylinders lined the bulkheads. Green ooze flowed through the wall from the other side, covering the tubes. The glass substance was broken on several of the tubes that were filled with the green goo.
In the center of the room was a DNA extraction seat, formed from the alien substance.
The clone pointed at Tucker and then to the DNA chair.
“Nah, I think I’ll stand,” Tucker answered, his hands gesturing, “That’s not what I was thinking of… teaming up doesn’t include becoming your host again.”
The clone slapped Tucker’s weapon on the ground, picked him up by the shoulders and slammed him firmly into the extraction chair.
“Oh, I see, okay, I guess I’ll go ahead and have a seat,” Tucker nodded as he gasped for a breath of air.
The clone pressed several buttons on the chair’s console, bringing the whirring noises of the chair arm coming into place before it clicked the probe in place.
Tucker’s eyes winced before falling to the drug induced coma of the machine.


Chapter 16

Alien Derelict Landing Bay
Salvage-5


Gus reached the ship just after Sam. They found Cassie and Samuels guarding the lowered cargo ramp. 
“Stay clear of the green mass,” Cassie warned, “The ship is ready to go as long as you brought some gas.”
Gus stepped around the partially reforming green goo and came to the load ramp. Unslinging his knapsack, he handed it over to Samuels, “As soon as we get these interfaced with the ship we’ll be ready to go.”
“What about Tucker?” Cassie narrowed her eyes, “We’re not leaving him here.”
“I know that, Cass,” Gus smiled, “Tucker’s gonna be along soon enough, trust me on this.”
“What he’d tell you, anyway?”
Sam climbed on the load ramp with the help of Cassie’s hand, “I didn’t hear what he said to Gus and you never told me,” Sam poked a stern finger in Gus’ ribs.
“Well, he never really told me either, just said he’s got this… then he brushed us off.”
Samuels took the knapsack from Gus and Sam, turned and stepped inside the ship, “Does Tucker ever tell anyone what’s going on?”
“No, not really,” Cassie nodded before taking one of the knapsacks from Samuels, “Show me what to do, Gus.”
“Come on,” Gus motioned, “Let’s take them to the main Penning trap station.”
“Got it,” Cassie smiled, “We’re going to back feed this energy into our ship.”
“You got it, Cassie. I will need to make an interface to convert this alien energy into usable energy for us. Won’t take too long.”
Samuels grew a worried look, “You going to use some of our alien mass to make the interface, right?” 
“Yes, but you don’t have to worry, Sarge. I’ll make sure it’s doesn’t come in contact with any saltwater residue.”
“That might make for a bad day all around,” Cassie added.
“Yeah,” Buster said, shoving his glasses up his nose, “Like in a big boom!”
“Boom?” Sam protested.
“Yeah, if we don’t get this right, it could overstress our fuel tank,” Gus said with raised eyebrows, “Buster’s going to help me with the conversion formulas, while I grow the interface.”
“I’ve got some of the purest alien matter right here,” Doctor Rhodes smiled as he produced a green-colored vile.
“How long is this going to take?” Sam asked.
“Less than an hour. Maybe forty-five minutes.”
“Good,” Sam nodded, “We’ve got time to go after Tuck.”
“Are you nuts, Major?” Gus protested.
“I’ll go with you, Sam, if Doctor Rhodes can take over for me here.”
“You will?” Sam exclaimed.
“Yeah, I ain’t a leaving him. He got me out once, so I’m going to return the favor.”
“We got this between Gus and Buster,” Doctor Rhodes added, “That leaves you free, Sarge, if you want to go with them.”
“Ah man! I just knew I was going to get roped into doing more unhealthy stuff!”
“Are you in, Sarge, or not?” Cassie asked, turning to the weapons locker.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, I’m comin’ with ya’! I ain’t about to leave him behind.”
Cassie handed Samuels a loaded rain-gun and grabbed one for herself. Sam took the last rail-gun and made it ready.
Two extra ammo belts each and they headed down the ramp of the ship.
“Think this’ll be enough firepower?” Samuels asked.
“It had better be. It’s all we’ve got,” Cassie replied.
“You hurry back now, got it?” Gus pointed a finger, “I mean it, don’t make me come after you too!”
“We got this, Gus,” Cassie answered as she waltzed passed the green alien goo.

The half-assembled mechanical Tucker-clone stood motionless and with its electronic eyes closed. Tucker laid in the DNA extraction chair, which was connected to his chip. 
Tucker found himself standing in a black-field grid pattern. He stood with hands on his hips and a smoldering cigar hanging from his teeth.
He looked around and took a few steps, “Well, if this don’t just beat all! I’m back inside the charming core program.”
An image of himself came from out of the darkness and approached with raised hands, “Wait, wait… don’t do anything hasty. Yes, it’s your clone.”
Tucker folded his arms across his chest and faced his clone, “What are you going to do with me? Obviously, you’re not using me as your host, or I wouldn’t be talking to my cloneliness right now.”
“You are a bright one, ain’t ya, jeez…”
“Okay, okay, you can knock off the mocking anytime now, it’s me you’re talking to here.”
“I know, I know,” the clone replied, “I can’t help it, it’s part of your coding, that’s all.”
“Whatever,” Tucker said.  Puffing on his cigar, he plucked it from his teeth and held it out, “And I have to say, this one, even though it’s virtual, is might tasty. Thanks, Clone me. I haven’t had a taste of real cigars since we left on this fun filled trip.”
“Sorry about that.”
“You’re sorry!?”
“Yes, actually, I am…”
Tucker interrupted himself as he placed the cigar securely between his teeth once more, “Can we cut to the chase? I have a flight to catch.”
“Oh, in due time, Tucker. In due time.”
“What’s that supposed to mean, big guy, me, clone-dude…”
“Relax, Tuck,” his doppelganger interrupted, “I’ll set you free soon enough. This was the quickest way.”
“Quickest way? For what, I do ask!”
“Your people are in grave danger…”
“No shi—”
“Tucker!” 
“—Sherlock.”
“There’s no need for that, now.”
“No, really, Tuck. We’re running out of time and this was the fastest way to tell you what’s goin’ on.”
“Okay, okay, I’m listening,” Tucker said, puffing on his cigar.
“We need your help.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me! You need my help… oh that’s rich… Wait a minute. What’s this we stuff?”
“If you would let me finish…Jeez, where do they…”
“…find ‘em. I know, that’s my line.”
“Well, that’s mine too, since I am a clone of yourself.”
Tucker inspected an invisible wrist watch, “Can we get to the point. Sometime today?”
“Sure, sure, sure, Tuck.”
Tucker puffed on his virtual cigar as the cyborg clone explained, “We need to stop Xat-Anah from capturing you and turning this vessel into their very own gestation habitat.”
“I thought Xat was reduced to a pile of goo.”
“Not true. That was not Xat-Anah.”
“You mean the Grand Poo-Bah is still alive?”
“Yes… gawd you’re a bright one.”
“Enough already,” Tucker said with pointed finger. “Hey, then who was that they reduced down to a pile of goo?”
“That was the X-99 unit. He was trying to reach Sargent Samuels to enlist his help, but instead, he opened fire on it.”
“Somehow, I’m having a hard time believing you.”
“Skepticism is warranted, but not necessary, I assure you.”
“How can I be so sure? Why didn’t this X-99 unit just tell him?”
“So many questions…”
“Oh, stop it! You have to understand, I mean, you did say my skepticism was warranted, n’all.”
“The X-99 unit was not fully formed. The unit attempted to communicate, but Sargent Samuels didn’t give him a chance. He opened fire on him first and X-99 retaliated in self-defense.”
“If you’re so big on having me help you, then why not release me. I might believe you if you do that… unless you have another reason that might be more believable.”
“Of course,” the Tucker-clone smiled, “There is another reason… more like a cause.”
“Okay, big fella, I’m listening… and waiting to be released,” Tucker puffed his cigar and blew his virtual plume over the Tucker-clone.
“We have been turned Keeper.”
“No, I ain’t buyin’ that… that’s just too convenient. What else ya’ got?”
“Well, as your clone, I know you have certain trust issues.”
“Yeah, I’ve got trust issues alright! What’d you expect, anyway, seein’ our history, n’all.”
“You have two choices when I do release you. You can go along with me, or you can continue to fight. I will die not firing back. As a Keeper, I will not be able to harm you. But you must go with me. I must take you before Xat-Anah.”
“Why?”
“Because he ordered me to.”
“It’s not sounding really good for you right now…”
“It is the only way to reach him, so we can eliminate him once and for all.”
“Last time I heard your kind regenerates,” Tucker paused to puff on his cigar, “Unless we use anti-matter, and that kind of ruins everything pretty quickly.”
“There is a way.”
“Oh, so now you’re gonna come up with a more convenient way to eliminate ol’ Xat. I’m all ears.”
“We must stand before Xat-Anah and take him down to the lowest form of the green matter first. Then we must harvest some of that saltwater you have aboard your ship. Once that water encounters the alien substance, it will dissolve permanently, removing the possibility that Xat-Anah could regenerate once again.”
“Okay, that sounds about right, but how do I know I can I trust you?”
“You have no choice, Tucker,” the clone answered before closing his eyes and manipulated the grid.
Tucker began to shake his head, “Whoa, I’m suddenly feeling mighty dizzy. What’s happening?”
“I am terminating this core link from my cybernetic connection. You shall wake up in the extraction chair momentarily.”
Tucker’s eyes popped open. He heard the whirring of servos as the jack unplugged from his chip.
The metallic clone held a hand out to Tucker, grabbed his hand and pulled him to his feet.
“Do I get a weapon?”
“Not at the moment.”
“I’m not getting a real warm and fuzzy feeling.”
Relax, Tuck. You always worry too much.”
The metallic Tucker-clone spun him around, “Here, let me juice up your chip and you can grow one when I give the sign.”
Tucker willingly turned the rest of the way, “What’s the sign gonna be?”
“Tucker, I’m surprised.”
The metallic clone grew a probe on his left hand and plugged it into Tucker’s jack.
“What?”
“You should know by now that you’ll know it when the sign is given.”
The clone sent a small power wave of energy into Tucker’s chip.
“Ahhh, I see. One of those signs. And this is much better now.”
“You’re welcome and wow, you’re so intuitive these days. Jeez, where do they find them?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. That right there,” Tucker pointed at the metallic clone, “is a direct result of me being a part of you. Just don’t abuse the privilege, will ya’?”
“Don’t worry, I won’t. Now march.”
The metallic clone removed his probe and returned his hand back to normal before pushing his hand into the middle of Tucker’s back. The nozzle of the rail gun on its forearm encouraged Tucker to walk.
“Okay, okay, already. You don’t have to get pushy.”
The two made their way to where the alien mass created their habitat. Sweat formed on Tuckers skin as they walked.
“Hey, this place is lookin’ mighty familiar to me.”
“Yes, you and Sam ventured into this room. You got out just in time. Xat-Anah is right through the next door.
“Okay, open says me,” Tucker said, reaching for the door’s bottom red button.
“Hold on there, cowboy,” the metallic clone said, holding Tucker’s arm, “I need to secure your arms before we go in.”
“Oh, now I’m not so sure I like the sound of that.”
“Come on, Tuck. You gotta do this. They’ll dissolve when I give the sign.”
Tucker reluctantly held his wrists out and the metallic clone secured them with metal shackles. 
Pressing the door controls resulted in the clanking of the inner door lock. The door slid to the side.
Pushing Tucker once more with the rail gun, Tucker stepped through the door.
This dark room was even more foreboding than before. Gestation chambers lined the walls where the alien ship’s stasis chambers once was. The DNA extraction chairs lined the room for each chamber. 
A three-legged form slithered into the circle of light at the center of the room. It was a fully regrown Xat-Anah.
Tucker stood before the tall green alien with a rail gun planted to his back from the mechanical clone.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?”
The mechanical clone grew a smile across his face, “Yes, my superior leader. I bring you Colonel Tucker Petersen.”
“Hey, Xat. Nice to see you an’ all. How’s the wife and kids?”
“Very funny, Tucker. Yes, we meet again.”
“Well, don’t let me keep you, now. I’ll just be on my way. Right?” Tucker turned his head to his clone and nodded, “I mean, we really should just keep on keepin’ on, right?”
The mechanical clone pressed the rail gun harder into the small of Tucker’s back, “OW, hey! Watch it buddy! What ever happened to keeping your promise?”
Xat-Anah folded his arms, “What is he babbling about?”
“There’s nothing like keepin’ to your word, now, right?” Tucker again looked behind him.
The mechanical clone jabbed his second rail gun to Tucker’s back, “This host is referring to what I told him in order to get him to comply.”
“You lied to me!?”
“Yes, Tucker,” the mechanical clone chuckled, “You, for one, should realize that you lie all the time. This is a trait well suited for this situation.”
Tucker turned back around to face Xat-Anah and pointed his thumb behind him, “He lied!”
“Well done, my Tucker-clone,” Xat-Anah praised. “Take him to his extraction chair, immediately.”
A chair began to grow out of the alien substance on the floor near Tucker.
“Oh, um, well,” Tucker turned to face the mechanical clone, “You did forget about one small little detail, my boy.”
The mechanical clone cocked his two weapons, “What would that be?”
Tucker shook his metal shackles from his wrists and held his hands to the air. The clone opened fire. Tucker’s shield prevented any of the clone’s rail-shot from hitting him. The rounds bounced off his shield as Xat-Anah began to force one of his tentacles through his shielding.
“A futile attempt, Tucker,” Xat-Anah smiled, “Though I must give you credit for trying. I would expect nothing less.”
Tucker gritted his teeth as he held his shielding. Hearing a distant sound, Tucker smiled, “I think the Calvary has arrived!”
Cassie, Sam and Sargent Samuels entered through the open door of the gestation room and opened fire on the mechanical clone.
“Nice of you to finally join the party!”
“Yeah, well, we figured you’d need rescuing again,” Cassie shouted as she emptied her rail gun into the back of the mechanical Tucker clone.


Chapter 17

Alien Derelict 
DNA Extraction Room


Sam opened fire with her rail-gun, pelting the mechanical clone. The clone turned as it continued firing. Cassie dropped her weapon and raised a shield as Samuels opened fire with Sam.
Metal rounds showered the metallic clone, riddling its upper body with slugs. Tucker held his shield to protect him from any stray rounds from Sam and Samuels.
Xat-Anah continued to push his tentacle through Tucker’s shielding, “Nice try, Colonel, but you will not win this time!”
The Tucker-clone fell to one knee as it continued returning rapid fire metal slugs back at the three attacking humans. A shield rose in front of the mechanical clone as it returned to its feet.
The badly injured clone managed to maintain its shielding, protecting itself from further damage. Sparks and fire lit up the mechanical being as the alien substance regenerated its damaged parts. 
Sam and Samuels let up just long enough to eject their empty clips and quickly reload before beginning their rail-gun assault. Most of the metal slugs bounced off the clone’s shield, but some shot remained imbedded in it.
Tucker dove away from the Xat-Anah and dropped his shield. Xat-Anah, pressing hard to move through Tucker’s shield, fell forward when it collapsed. The alien leader tumbled right into the rail shot from Sam and Samuels. 
Tucker picked himself off the ground and ran deeper into the darkness of the room. Ducking around behind of one of the gestation tubes, he watched Xat take several rounds of rail shot before moving behind the cover of the mechanical-clone.
Closing his eyes, Tucker focused on growing a rail-gun of his own. His AMP charge quickly diminished, he managed to grow one weapon and opened fire from his flanking position. 
Seeing the wounded Xat-Anah, he opened fire to cut the three tentacle legs from the creature. 
The Tucker-clone shifted some of his fire from Sam and Samuels toward Tucker’s position. 
Tucker dove behind the gestation tank as rail-shot hit the metal glass alien substance. The alien liquid drained out of the tank, exposing a new alien creature within, causing Tucker to gasp.
“We’ve got a major problem, Cassie!” Tucker shouted. 
The creature began moving its arms and beaked head around. It quickly focused on Tucker.
Reaching down from the gestation tank, the new alien creature grabbed at Tucker, who moved from the creatures’ claw-like hands just in time.
Tucker moved to behind another tank and closed his eyes to conjure more of an amp charge.
“You guys holding your own?”
“Yeah, Tucker,” Sam shouted in return, “But we gotta get outta here and soon!”
More gestation tanks began opening. The clear alien glass lowered as the liquid drained from the tank. 
“We’re seriously outnumbered, Cass!”
“We know, Tuck!” Sam shouted as she fired short bursts, alternating her fire between the mechanical Tucker clone and Xat-Anah.
The metal slugs fell out of the liquefying body of Xat-Anah. His grimace showed the pain Tucker had inflicted. Xat-Anah moved to take cover behind the slowly fading shield of the mechanical clone.
“I’m cut off from the exit, Cass!” Tucker shouted, “You guys move outta here! That’s an order!”
“We came all this way to rescue you, Tuck!” Cassie protested, “We’re not leaving you behind!”
“You’re not me, Cass! No record to keep or anything. Now get going!” Tucker shouted, “There will be more opportunities, okay?”
“No Tuck!” 
Tucker knew his amp charge was fading fast. He allowed his arm to return to normal before finding the door to exit through.
“I’ll be fine!” Tucker assured.
As he passed through the door, he answered Cassie with his mind, I’ll find a way around this mess! You three get back to the ship and make ready to depart! That’s an order, now, Cass!
“Come on Cass!” Sam shouted, “Let’s get out of here! Xat is regrowing…”
“… so is this mechanical clone of Tucker,” Samuels added.
“Okay, okay,” Cassie relented as she took a few steps back toward the opening.
Sam and Samuels took turns firing at the clone, trying to confuse the creature as they eased back following Cassie to the exit.
Once through the door, Sam punched the close sequence causing the doors to click as the internal mechanism rolled the passage closed and locked.
Sam and Samuels lowered their weapons, ejected their clips and quickly reloaded their last set.
Cassie held her hand to the seam on the door and sent what amp charge she had left into fusing the door closed.
“That won’t hold them long,” Sam nodded. “Come on, let’s regroup.”
“You heard Tuck,” Samuels reminded, “He said get back to the ship!”
“You want leaving him behind on your conscious?” Cassie asked.
The door began ringing with the pounding sounds of the mechanical clone hitting the door.
“They’ll be through this in no time,” Sam shouted, “We better figure out what it is we’re gonna do, and soon!”
The metallic fingers of the Tucker-clone cut through the door. The hands grabbed the centers pieces and began ripping them apart.
Sam, Samuels and Cassie retreated to a safer level on the derelict. 
“That clone is gonna keep on us,” Sam surmised.
“Then we should make ready for it,” Cassie nodded.
Samuels produced three sonic grenades and handed them to Cassie, “Maybe these will come in handy, Major?”
Cassie smiled as she grabbed the grenades, “Oh, I’m lovin’ it, Sarge!”
Sam took one of the grenades and mounted it on the wall as Cassie took one and set it on the opposite wall.
“C’mon, guys,” Cassie said before turning and ducking around one corner, “I hear our mechanical friend in close pursuit, “Get ready…” Cassie pulled the pin on the last grenade, “… get set…” Cassie held the grenade by the actuator. She released the handle, after holding it for two seconds, before lobbing it around the corner, “…GO!”
The mechanical clone clomped toward the end of the corridor. Its clone eyes searched for any heat signatures where the three humans where.
The grenade bounced on the ground below the mechanical’s feet.
Cassie, Sam and Samuels dove to the ground.  
The mechanical Tucker-clone looked down at the grenade as it exploded. 
The two remaining grenades were set off by the first explosion, sending metal debris from the alien ship’s corridor into the mechanical clone. One of the clone’s arms were ripped off its body and fell to the floor before the Tucker-clone was able to erect any shielding.
The three returned to their feet, stepped back around the corner to face the damaged cyborg. Its arm flopped on the ground as if it had a mind of its own and flipped over and began pulling itself along the floor toward the three assailants. 
The three opened fire on the mechanical creature, sending hundreds of metal rounds at the cyborg. The shielding from the clone decayed as the mechanical clone ran out of energy.
Slugs continued to pound the shield as he finally dropped. The clone reeled backward two steps from the force of the rail-shot riddling its body. It fell to its knees, then smoke billowed from the mechanical body.
The stray arm inched itself closer to the three before Sam changed her aim and tore the broken appendage into hundreds of tiny pieces. 
The others were still pounding rail-shot into the Tucker-clone. It soon fell, face first, to the ground. The burning hulk of metal smoked and sparked, then began to melt into a pool of alien goo.
The three lowered their weapons and listened.
“You hear anything?” Samuels quietly asked.
“No, it’s all quiet,” Sam nodded, listening intently for any noise.
“I think we got it,” Cassie added, “But it’s likely to regenerate pretty quickly.”
“How long do you think we have?” Samuels used the muzzle of his weapon to move one of the larger intact pieces of metal into the center of the alien pool.
The three watched as the last of the Tucker-clone dissolved into the pool.
“I don’t think we have much time,” Sam nodded, “It’s already starting to regenerate.
“We have to go back for Tuck!”
“Now, Cass…”
“I’ll give you a now, Cass! I’m going! Sarge, you with me?”
Cassie stepped around the pool of goo and ran back toward where Xat-Anah had been wounded, “I’m going with or without ya’ll!”
“Dammit Cassie!” Sam shouted. “Come on, Sarge!”
Sergeant Samuels followed Cassie, “I’m with ya’, Major!”
“Thank you, Samuels!”
“Fine, fine,” Sam protested as she followed after Samuels, “But we have to make it fast, okay?”
“As fast as we can, Sam, and thank you.”
The three took off toward the alien gestation room.

Tucker crouched quietly, his back against a wall, knees tucked under him. The darkness of the room pressed in on him. He closed his eyes, trying to bring up more self-amp charge.
He held the tips of his fingers together and began seeing a sparking between, but it wasn’t enough to charge his chip.
Then he held his hands closer and began passing another arc of energy between his two hands, but again, it fizzled out.
“Nuts!” Tucker quietly cursed, “I need to find some kind of accelerator station. I’m too spent to evoke another charge.”
Cautiously, Tucker reached into his cargo pants and retrieved a small flashlight. He turned it on, but cupped his free hand over the lens. 
Carefully, Tucker uncapped his hand over the light and slowly passed it around the darkness of the room.
Seeing only gestation tubes, he returned to his feet, his back still firmly planted against the wall. He counted more than a dozen tubes, each one holding one of new alien creatures. 
“Oh, now this ain’t no good,” he again whispered. “I should get out of here…”
He moved from the security of the wall to inspect one of the closest tubes.
He shone the light on the face of the beaked creatures, “Gawd, you bunch are ugly!”
Its face covered with fine feathers. The beak was closed, short, wide, and slightly curved. He noticed the feathers covering the body seemed longer than those on the face, and the creature seemed to have wings folded behind itself.
“This isn’t good… not good at all.” 
The room was suddenly brightly lit.
Turning with a start, he turned off his light and ducked low.
He saw three of the beaked-aliens walk into the room with a funny, bobbing gait. They apparently hadn’t noticed him, because they moved to a console on their side of the room.
With two of the creatures busy manipulating controls and buttons, the tanks on the chambers gurgled as the liquid drained out of them.
Tucker moved slowly to the dark side of the room, staying as low as possible. He examined the wall, looking for a way out, but found none.
The tanks finished draining the alien gestation liquid and the glass on each tube slowly opened, exposing the new alien creatures. 
Several of the bird-like aliens moved their heads back and forth, their beaks clacking as their eyes opened. Each bird-creature leaned forward and stepped out of their gestation tube. They stood tall, now free of their cocoon, they spread their wings wide.
The three bird-creatures returned from the room they had come from, leaving the new hatched aliens alone.
Tucker tried to breathe as quietly as possible. His throat tickled, and he cleared it reflexively.
The bird creatures shot their heads in his direction, looking for the cause of the noise.
Several bird-creatures began moving around the room, their beaks clacking as they hunted for the source of the noise.
Tucker’s self-amp charge began to increase with the added adrenaline pumping through his body. His chip took the charge, enabling him to take the form of the bird-creatures.
As the new creatures formed into a single-file line. Tucker stepped into the mix and copied their bobbing walk into the next room. Filing off into three rows of four, the bird-creatures stood before their exalted leader, Xat-Anah, who was not yet fully recovered from his wounds.
Tucker blended in as best he could. He mimicked their beak-clacking noises and quick ticking head movements.
Xat-Anah paced the room in front of his new bird squad. He stopped in front and center to address the assembly. 
“Congratulations and welcome, sons of Horus, begot by our forefathers, Isis and Osiris of our glorious star system, Sirius. You are the second set of clones to be fully gestated and returned to life. 
“You are about to venture into a brave new world. A world from once we came and again will return.”
The clacking of beaks and nodding heads showed their approval at Xat-Anah’s speech.
“Before we can return to our home and take back what once we lost, we must defeat the current threat. This squad will be designation Y-013 through Y-024. The first squad is already moving into position to commence battling these alien beings. You must defeat these creatures before they destroy our only hope of completing our mission. 
“You are dismissed to join your brothers to secure this ship. In doing so, we will secure our reign on our home world of Sirius and also on the planet Earth. We will once again have access to our stellar-gate between the worlds. Life on our planet Earth has been eliminated, for the most part. We will have no problem in taking the rest of them and claiming this planet, once again, as our own! This will be a glorious day!”
Xat-Anah paused to revel in the beak-clacking before giving them their orders, “Move out!”


Chapter 18

Alien Derelict
Salvage-5


“Well, that’ll do it,” Gus smiled. “That’s the last of the fuel conversion.”
“What’s taking them so long!” Doctor Rhodes complained.
“That’s a great question,” Gus answered, “but, I said forty-five and it’s only been thirty. They should be back soon.”
“I’m going to go check on Buster,” Rhodes said, “See if maybe he can tap into their comm links or something.”
“Good idea, Doc. I’ll stow the traps and get the ship prepped for takeoff.”
Doctor Rhodes walked down the ramp and saw Buster holding his special box with a probe imbedded into the alien goo.
“Whattya doing there, Buster?”
Buster looked up from his device and then back, “Oh hey, Doc. I’m measuring the alien substance’s mass and running some calculations.”
“Finding anything interesting out?”
“No, not really, Doctor Rhodes. But this is a perplexing puzzle for sure.”
“What is it you’re trying to figure out, anyway?”
“I’m trying to figure out a way to stabilize the mass and control the regenerative properties so the tools we make, well, they stay as tools and things.”
“I thought we already could do that?”
“Yeah, basically. But, I’m more concerned with degradation of the mass. It has issues when we expose it to saltwater.”
“You think you can program that out of the mass?”
“No!” Buster exclaimed, “Are you nuts?”
“Well, some say…”
“No, let me tell you, that’s the only saving grace we have. What I am aiming for is to understand how to cause the green goo to degenerate without any saltwater.”
“I see…”
Buster cut Rhodes off once again, “If I can isolate the cause I can program it to affect all of the goo and get rid of it once and for all, except for a small amount we’ll keep for our own use.”
“You getting close?”
“Yes, somewhat. I know what enzyme does the trick, but haven’t figured out a successful program that will duplicate what the saltwater does.”
“Is this mass regenerating back into Xat-Anah?”
“No, I don’t think so… I mean, I don’t think it’s regenerating, but that’s only because I’ve got my device connected to it.”
Gus came down the ramp and stood at its base, “Well, the energy transfer was good. We’ve got full power restored to the ship.”
Doctor Rhodes glanced up to Gus, “That’s the best news I’ve heard all day. I’m getting worried that they’re not coming back. That forty-five is almost up now.”
“Yeah,” Gus said, folding his arms across his chest, “How long will mister Xat be in this goo state if you were to remove your device?”
Buster paused to think, “Well, it’s regenerative properties will cause it to start growing our green alien friend in less than twenty. Unless I send another set of programed instructions that could delay it for about an hour.”
“Buster, you’re a genius,” Gus smiled.
“I am? I mean, yeah, I know it… thanks,” Buster blushed.
“So, how’s about you doing that?”
“Doing what?”
“Um, program a set of instructions to delay its regeneration for another hour,” Gus said with a roll of his eyes.
“Oh, um, okay. Sure thing, Gus. I can, but why would you want me to do that?”
“Think about it, whiz-kid.”
Buster thought a moment before he began to feel ill, “Ohh, you want us to take my device on over to them…. Huh!”
Gus smiled toward Doctor Rhodes, “He is a bright one, ain’t he?”
“Uh, Gus,” Doctor Rhodes protested, “You’re planning on leaving me here, aren’t you? Alone? I don’ think I like the sound of…”
Gus cut the doctor off, “Relax, Doc. You’ll be fine once whiz-kid here programs this goo. In the meantime, you get back inside and seal yourself up.”
“Still not really to my liking…”
“Look, if it’ll make you feel any better, I’ll evacuate this bay and run the ship top side. When we return, we’ll use the ladder from before and ol’ Xat will be vented to space.”
“Okay, okay. I guess that’ll work. But you guys better not be gone for too long.”
“Hey Doc, wanna trade? I stay here, and you go with Gus?”
“No! No, I’ll stay here.”
Gus grew a wide smile, “Why, Buster, that was pretty good. Nice job!”
“It wasn’t for his benefit. It was for mine! I don’t really want to venture back inside this derelict… gives me the heebie-jeebies.”
“Oh c’mon, Captain,” Gus smiled, “It’ll be fine.”
“Hey, wait a minute,” Buster begged, “You say we’ve restored full power to the ship?”
“Absolutely, my young whiz-kid.”
“I still have a clone inside. How about he goes and I stay here with Doctor Rhodes.”
“I second that,” Rhodes was quick to add.
“Okay, okay,” Gus sighed, “Get your chair ready. I think we robbed power…”
“Don’t you worry,” Buster smiled, “I already made the power switch. It’s ready to go.”
“Well, I would have expected nothing less, I suppose.”
Buster pressed a final command on his box, “There! That’ll keep ol’ Xat asleep for another hour.”
“Great work, whiz-kid.” Gus reached his hand towards Buster’s probe, “I’ll hold that until you are in your clone.”
Gus grabbed his box and probe and smiled, “Now, um, Buster?”
“Yes, Sir, Gus? What can I do for you?”
“You have a date with your clone chair…”
“Ohhhh….”
“… Sometime today.”
Doctor Rhodes followed Buster as he ran up the ramp and climbed into his host chair. Rhodes stood by the control panel and began pressing buttons in sequence.
“Powering up systems… engaging probe…” Rhodes said in cadence, “transferring to host… now.”
The arm on Buster’s chair whirred as it swung around and clicked into position. Buster’s eyes closed and he was inside his clone-body.
“I’m onboard and will be right down.”
Buster looked down his arms and examined his hands, “I’ll never get used to this.”
The Buster-clone moved outside the ship and took his device back from Gus, “I’ll take that, now, thank you.”
“Okay, Doc,” Gus said, looking up the ramp, “Let’s seal you two up. But, in order to maintain Buster’s link to his clone, I’ll have to keep the ship down here.”
Doctor Rhodes turned white before Gus cut him off, “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
Rhodes actuated the rear cargo door. The whining of the motors began closing the hatch. Gazing out through the closing cargo ramp, he gave Gus and the Buster-clone a slight wave.
“Relax, Doc. Jeez, where do they find ‘em?”
The hatch sealed with a whoosh of air and a clank.
Gus tapped his headset, “Doc, you readin’ me okay?”
A moment later, Rhodes’ voice echoed in his ear, “Yeah, I got ya now. I-I don’t like it, but just hurry it on up, okay?”
“We’ll be back toot sweet.”
The Gus and Buster clones left the landing bay and through the alien control room to the corridor. 
Buster held his probe in one hand and the box in his other, pointing the probe like a flashlight.
The two traveled through the corridors to the most forward and lowest point in the ship, where they knew there would be a host to the alien presence. 
Gus stopped Buster and held his index finger to his lips, “Shhh, I think I heard something.”
Buster closed his cloned eyes and concentrated, “Yeah, I know who it is, too.”
“It’s a who?”
“Yeah,” Buster smiled, “I’m surprised you didn’t read them either, Gus. I think you’re slippin’.”
Buster rounded the next junction and smiled at the crouching Cassie-clone, “Hey, what’s up guys?”
Cassie stood and whispered, “They’ve got Tucker. It’s not looking good.”
Samuels returned to his feet with Sam, “Yeah. They’ve got some pretty freaky looking clone-dudes bobbing around.”
Samantha cut Samuels off, “There are these bird-people. They have beaks and bird-like bodies. They must have used the owners of this ship’s DNA to build their new army.”
“I lost touch with Tucker,” Cassie added. “He said he’d find a way out, and we need to head back to the ship.”
“What’s going on. Cassie?” Gus asked.
“They’re going to try to take our ship, Gus. Where’s Rhodes?”
Buster stepped forward, “Both my host and Doctor Rhodes are back at the ship, sealed up safely inside. Pretty neat, huh?”
“Yeah, real neat, Buster. Um, Rhodes and your host aren’t going to hold off twenty-four bird-clones.”
“Uh oh!” Buster exclaimed.
“How long ago did they head there?”
“The first squad left about ten minutes ago. I honestly don’t know how you didn’t run into them,” Cassie scratched the back of her head.
“There must be an alternate route through these corridors,” Samuels surmised.
“But there was some kind of ceremony behind that door. I think another squad is about to be dispatched soon. We were going to surprise them and take ‘em out,” Samantha added.
“Well, I brought our secret weapon,” Gus smiled.
“You brought Buster,” Cassie mocked.
“Hey!” Buster protested.
“His secret weapon is that interface that will reduce the alien mass into a liquid state.”
“Perfect,” Cassie smiled. “Sorry, Buster, I didn’t mean anything by it. You usually do pull your own weight.”
“Why, thank you, Major. Um, err, yeah. Umm, I think they’re getting ready to leave,” Buster pointed to the opening door.
The door chattered as it went through the unlock sequence. 
“Take your places everyone,” Cassie said, holding her rail-gun at the ready.
Buster moved behind the safety of Cassie and allowed Samuels and Gus to move to his spot.
The door slid open with a swoosh. 
Several bird-clone creatures bobbed out in rows of two. 
Cassie opened fire.
Her rail-shot cut down the first four alien creatures before the rest retreated back inside the room.
Buster fell to his belly and inched his way on the ground through Cassie’s legs. He reached out and jabbed his probe into one of the alien creatures and sent the programing through his cable.
The creature liquefied instantly.

Xat-Anah screamed with anger as he heard the shots ring out in the corridor. He waved his tentacles in the air and raised a shield over his head. He slowly lowered his tentacles, bringing the shield down around him. One of the bird-creatures broke formation and ran to Xat-Anah. 
The bird-clone leapt into the air. Just before it hit the floor it changed form. Tucker wrapped his arms around Xat-Anah and tackled him to the ground.
 Xat-Anah lost concentration and his shield collapsed. Tucker and Xat-Anah rolled twice before landing feet apart. 
The remaining eight bird-clones grew blaster rifles down their winged arms. 
Cassie let out a war cry. She stood in front of the door and sprayed rail shot into the bird-clones. Her metal slugs cut three bird-clones to the ground. Sargent Samuels blasted his weapon into the last five alien clones. They rose a shield, and returned fire from their own blasters.
 Buster crawled, unnoticed, on the floor toward the alien creatures, holding his probe like a dagger. When he got close enough, he reached under their shield to jab his probe into a foot.
He hit the shield instead. Sparks flew as electrical arcs traveled down the probe, up Buster’s arm and into his body just as he hit the transmit sequence.
The data patterns traveled down the box and into the alien shield, which immediately decayed. 
The electricity ceased flowing into the Buster-clone. Sparking and arcing discharges traveled all over the clone’s body, causing it to fall limp. He dropped the box on the floor on his way down, but not before the program had dissolved the remaining bird-clones into a pool of alien liquid.
Xat-Anah rose to his feet. He held his tentacles up in surrender as Gus, Samuels and Cassie trained their weapons on the green alien.
Tucker returned to his feet and grabbed a stray blaster from the ground, “Now, we got the drop on you, finally…”
“Stand aside, Tuck,” Cassie said with anger, “I want to cut this thing down myself!”
“We need to get some answers from him first, Cassie.”
“Don’t trust him, Tucker… don’t give him any…”
The door on the opposite side of the room opened, sounding a whoosh of steam.
Twelve alien bird-clone creatures marched in, all protected with shielding and armed with dual blaster rifles.
Xat-Anah grew a blaster weapon at the end of one tentacle and rose a shield with his other as they entered the room.
Bullets flew from both sides, bouncing off the shielding, “Not again!” 
Tucker hit the deck to avoid the weapons fire.


Chapter 19

Alien Derelict 
Salvage-5


Buster’s eyes shot wide open as his clone short-circuited.
“Doctor Rhodes!” Buster shouted, “Get me up!
Rhodes climbed from the pilot house and to Buster’s extraction chair, “Something went wrong, didn’t it?”
“Yeah, you could say that,” Buster answered as Rhodes removed his straps.
“Calm down, Buster. Take deep breaths and tell me what happened,” Rhodes offered Buster a hand and pulled him upright.
Buster took in a deep breath and blew it out his nose.
“There,” Rhodes smiled, “Feeling better now?”
Buster nodded, “Yeah, I think so…” he paused for a moment before panic set in once more for the young Captain, “Holy crap, Doctor! We gotta get ready!”
“Ready for what?”
Buster jumped off the chair and ran to the pilot house ladder and began climbing up, “They’ll be here any minute now!”
“Who’s gonna be here, Buster?” Rhodes asked, following Buster up the ladder, “Our guys coming?”
“No, no, no!” Buster shrieked as he climbed into his seat, pressing buttons on his touchscreen, “They’re coming. The aliens… only their bird-clones, made from the DNA harvested from this ship!”
“Oh,” Rhodes nodded, “See, that wasn’t so hard… whattya mean the aliens are coming!?” Rhodes now yelled in a panic.
“Yes, yes, Xat-Anah sent them on a kill mission or something! We gotta get our ship powered up… there… powering up all weapons systems… we gotta get our guns online, Doc. Can you man the upper turret, Doc?”
“I guess so, I’ve never done that before…”
“… Good,” Buster cut Doctor Rhodes off mid-sentence, “Climb on up there and get ready for action… they’ll be on us any second now…”
“What do you want me to do,” Rhodes asked, taking the turret handles, he squeezed his fingers around the controls. His knuckles turned white with fear, “Like this?”
“It’s just like video games, Doc. You have played video games, right?”
“Sure, Buster, we’ve all played video games… I’ve played alien invaders at least three times.”
“Oh good… alien invaders… nice, Doc,” Buster raised his voice, “You’ve never played anything else?”
“No, Buster, I’m a Doctor, not a video game player.”
Buster looked up at the Doctor from his seat and stared, “Really, Doc?”
“What?”
“Nothing, it’s just something from an ancient TV show, nothing at all.”
“TV show?”
“Never mind, Doc. Just target an enemy and squeeze the trigger… after I activate your controls… you are squeezing the triggers now, right?”
“Yes, why?”
“Release the triggers and wait for me to tell you when to squeeze them again, okay, Doc?”
Rhodes looked down at his white knuckles and slowly eased off the triggers and rested his hands on the two handles, “Okay, I’m not squeezing them anymore.”
“Good… they’ll be on us any second now…”
“You said that already,” Rhodes said, scanning the landing deck from the bubble top.
“Yeah, I did. I know… I don’t understand… Xat said they were on their way…”
“Maybe he lied, Buster,” Rhodes offered. 
“Well, I suppose that’s possible…”
“Wait a minute,” Rhodes cut Buster off this time, “If you saw Xat at your location, then who is it we reduced to liquid outside?” Rhodes pointed.
 “I don’t know, Doc. Guess I didn’t really think of that… Gosh, you may be right, Doc,” Buster pressed two more commands on his console and then got up from his seat, “Okay, so maybe they’re not coming right away, after all?”
“That might just be one of his minions, Doc. C’mon, follow me. You can climb down from there and help me see if I can restore power to my clone body.”
“I don’t know, Buster. What happened to your clone anyway?”
“I tried to liquify the aliens and stabbed their shield with the probe. I guess it shorted my clone out or something.”
“Well,” Rhodes said, checking the settings on the extraction chair, “It looks like it’s still active, just in a power off mode or something.”
“Okay, good,” Buster nodded as he climbed back in the chair, “Send me back. I gotta see if I can find out what the heck’s going on!”
“Okay, I think I can turn on the phantom power. Maybe get a look around before we transfer you there, sound good?”
“Yeah, okay, if you can do that.”
“Okay, stand by, I’m reconnecting your probe,” Rhodes pressed the startup sequence and the arm repositioned behind Buster and clicked into place.
“There. I’m reestablishing your link…” pausing for a moment, “Let me see if I can turn on the clone’s eye cameras and get a feed.”
“Hurry it up, Doc, please.”
Doctor Rhodes manipulated the console and then studied a screen that lit up, “I’m getting your camera feed now. Hold on. The picture is blurry. Let me see if I can sharpen it up.”
The picture on the screen came into focus, “Looks like your clone collapsed on the floor. I’m staring at what appears to be the back of Xat-Anah. I see the Colonel ducking by the side. I can see Xat has a shield raised in front of him… but at this angle, I can’t see much more.”
“Do you have audio?”
“Yeah, one sec,” Rhodes sent more commands to the clone and then turned up the audio feed on the console which sounded several blaster rifle shots and rail-guns returning fire in the background.
“That doesn’t sound good, Doc.”
“No, it’s doesn’t. Okay, I’m going to try to send you back to your clone. See if you can offer some help from your position.”
Buster closed his eyes tight, “Okay, Doc. I’m ready!”
His consciousness faded from his host body and woke up inside the Buster-clone. He laid motionless for a moment, trying to figure out what was happening.

Xat-Anah had his back to the fallen Buster-clone that lay on the floor. He aimed his blaster rifle at Sergeant Samuels’ shield as Cassie and Gus fired their rail-guns.
Tucker hit the deck and slid away from the crossfire. He rolled on the ground, picked up a stray weapon, and opened fire on the new bird-clone squad.
Tucker’s rail-shot kept the new bird-clones busy as they split the squad in two; half firing at Cassie’s team, the other returning Tucker’s weapons fire.
Buster kept still, watching everything unfold. His hands where positioned too far from his box to grab without anyone noticing, but his one hand was close to one of Xat-Anah’s tentacle legs.
Closing his eyes, he thought, Doctor Rhodes… pull me back out for a minute… do you read me, Doc?
Buster’s eyes shot open. He was once again laying in his chair on board the Salvage-5. Looking up, he saw Rhodes’ face staring down on him from above.
“What’s going on, Buster?”
“It’s not good. I can’t risk grabbing for my box; they’ll see me.”
“What can you do, then?”
“Swing that keyboard on over, Doc. I’m going to write a quick program for my clone.”
Rhodes obliged before Buster began speed typing code into the system, “I’ve got an idea, Doc. Get the machine ready to send me over again.”
Doctor Rhodes pressed the start up sequences as instructed by Buster. The control arm began seeking for Buster’s chip.
“Almost got it… just… about… now…”
Buster clicked the transmit keys on the touchpad and laid his head on the chair rest. The control arm quickly found Buster’s chip and snapped into place. The machine whined as it sent Buster’s consciousness back to his clone body.

The new programing transmitted to Buster’s clone as he returned to his cloned body. He slowly opened one eye as he listened to Xat-Anah taunt Tucker and the two firing teams. No one noticed the small probe growing from Buster’s clone hand. 
Buster’s clone body came to life. He stabbed his probe-hand into Xat-Anah’s ankle. The data patterns flowed down his cloned arm, down the probe and into the alien nemesis.
The pin prick got Xat-Ana’s attention, “OW! What was that?”
Looking down, he gasped as he watched the data stream enter his body. Just as fast as Buster had stuck the probe in his leg, it withdrew back into his hand.
“I-I don’t know what’s happening to me…”
Xat-Anah trained his blaster rifle at his remaining troops and opened fire, cutting large holes in their shielding. Cass and Gus’s rail-shot peppered the aliens through the massive holes cut into the shield. Then he dropped his weapons and lowered his shield as Tucker poured plasma shot into Xat-Anah. The screaming sounds coming from the creature deafened everyone in the room.
The alien form began to liquify. It’s three tentacles spread out, loosing their form, no longer able to support the alien creature. Xat fell to the floor. His body melted into a pile of goo.
“Nooooo!” he gurgled. “You cannot destroy us! You cannot!”
The pile of goo bubbled on the deck.
The bird-clones fell to the floor, riddled with rail-shot from Cass and Gus. Tucker lowered his weapon and looked down at the sparking clone body.
“Buster!”
Tucker ran to Buster’s side and rolled him over to his back, “Buster, are you still in there?”
The Buster-clone fluttered its eyes open. He struggled to speak, “O-oh, yeah, Commander. Do you… think I… pull my own… weight now, Sir?”
Tucker chuckled. 
Cassie stood over the arcing electrical components, “Ah, Buster, you don’t look so good, buddy. Are you okay in there?”
Tucker patted Buster’s clone shoulder, “Heh, yeah, you did good, whiz-kid.”
“Help… help me up, Commander.”
The Colonel propped the Buster-clone upright so he could see everyone else standing by him.
“Did we get him, Sir?”
“Yeah, Buster. We got ‘em all,” Tucker answered, “Samuels, scout out the next room. Make sure no more of those creatures are ready to hatch, m’kay?”
“Buster,” Sam came to the Buster-clone’s side, “Did you kill Xat-Anah?”
“No, I don’t think my programming worked right.”
“What makes you say that,” Gus asked.
“Because there wouldn’t be any puddles left if it did. No, I just deconstructed him. He’ll regenerate within the hour, along with all his minions.”
“We’ve got to get off this ship!” Tucker ordered. Okay? You get back to your host body and we’ll bring your clone-body back to have Gus take a look.”
“I think we can repair your clone body, my boy,” Gus smiled.
“Okay, guys… good night… sleep tight…”

Buster shot his eyes open from his extraction chair as he smiled up at Rhodes, “It worked, Doc… mostly, anyway. At least I bought us another hour.”
Doctor Rhodes helped Buster up from his chair and back to his feet.
“They’re all on the way. They’re bringing my short-circuited body with them… oh gosh! I hope they remember to grab my box! We cannot leave it behind.”
“I’m sure they’ll take it, son. You’ve been through a lot. How about just lying down in your own bunk until they return. I’ll see about asking them when they’re in range.”
“O-okay, Doc,” Buster nodded. “Just keep an eye out for any unwanted activity out there. They should be back in twenty minutes.”
Buster smiled at the Doctor and headed to his bunk.

Sergeant Samuels returned from the next room with a wide smile, “We’re all clear in there, Tuck. Looks like Buster’s programming has affected every last one of them.”
“That’s great news, everyone,” Tucker smiled, “Okay, grab your gear and let’s head out. We’re buggin’ off this derelict.”
Samuels hoisted the, powered-down, Buster-clone over his shoulder, “Okay, I got the whiz-kid-clone.”
Cassie slung her rail-gun over her shoulder and joined Tucker’s side, “Nice to see you again, ya’ big lug.”
Tucker smiled down on Cassie, “Yeah, nice to see you too, Sass.”
Gus came to the exit and looked out both ways before returning inside, “Okay, everyone, listen up! I want everyone out, now! Double file. Let’s head to the ship.”
Sam exited first standing next to the Sarge, carrying Buster over his shoulder. Gus stood in the corridor directing them as Cassie and Tucker followed. Gus looked inside the room and took a sweeping inventory before following them to the ship.

Buster’s special box laid on the floor where his clone had dropped it. The probe was still charged and it wined as the green puddle of goo flowed across the ground, touching the probe’s tip.
Electrical pulses traveled down the probe and into the box before alien symbols passed down the wire, into the probe and into the goo, which immediately began to take shape, once again.


Chapter 20

Alien Derelict 
Landing Bay


The alien matter pooled in the center of the landing bay, twenty feet from the sealed rear cargo hatch of Salvage-5. The green goo slowly rose like a fountain and began to take shape. The green mass grew three tentacle legs and two arm-like appendages. One arm formed a hand on the end. The other arm stopped growing and formed into a stump at the end of the appendage.
A head formed with ears, eyes, and a protruding jaw. Its teeth clenched tight, gritting the pain of the regrowth process. The creature opened its mouth and let out a scream that chilled to the bone. The agonizing pain the creature suffered was evident with every cry.
Doctor Rhodes had secured himself in the upper turret housing and was sweeping the guns in slow, three hundred and sixty degree arcs. He stopped and gasped when he saw the nearly fully regrown alien creature.
Rhodes took aim at the creature and squeezed the triggers. 
Silence.
“Crap!” Rhodes cursed.
Climbing down from the turret, he looked over Buster’s console.
“Damn! Which one is it?”
Knowing he would never guess in time, he climbed down the ladder to the crew cabin and opened Buster’s cabin door.
Rhodes grabbed Buster by the shoulder and shook him from his slumber, “Buster! Wake up! You have to help me! They’re regenerating already!”
Buster rolled over and shook his head, his glasses falling half off his face, “Wh-what’s going on? Sam? Is that you? Heh, yeah… I thought it was…”
Rhodes slapped Buster’s cheeks, “No, Buster, I’m not Sam! Buster!” Rhodes slapped his cheeks twice more, “Wake up!”
Buster rose to his elbows and tried to focus on the man’s face that interrupted his slumber, “Doc? Is that you?”
Rhodes grabbed Buster’s glasses and adjusted them on his face.
“Ah, I see you now, Doc,” Buster took a finger and poked it under his lenses to rub the sleep from his eyes, “Are we there yet?”
The doctor tugged at Buster, “Come on, man! You have to tell me how to activate the weapons!”
“You should just pull the trigger,” Buster yawned.
“Nothing happens! Now, come on!”
Rhodes pulled Buster from his bunk before gaining his footing and followed Rhodes to the pilot house.
Buster climbed to the top of the turret housing and gazed out the bubble top, “Hey, wait a minute.”
“What’s the matter? I saw it! It was right there! I swear to you!”
“Oh, I see it, alright, Doctor. But it’s not Xat-Anah. Not at all. By the way, the trigger safety is on.”
“If it’s not Xat-Anah, then who?”
“It’s one of Xat’s minions and it’s trying to communicate.”
“How do you know that?”
“My chip is still slightly charged, Doctor. It’s projecting a message to me.”
“What’s it saying?”
“It wants to help us stop Xat-Anah.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“Yep, that’s what it wants,” Buster answered as he removed himself from the turret housing.
“You can’t be serious!”
“You already said that…”
“… You are serious, aren’t you?”
“As a crutch…”
“You’ve been hanging around the Colonel too much.”
Buster climbed down from the pilot house, Doctor Rhodes was close behind as Buster made his way to the rear hatch.
“Buster! No! You can’t open that hatch!”
“I have to find out what is going on!”
“Don’t trust them, Buster! No!”
Doctor Rhodes ran to cut Buster off from releasing the rear cargo bay lock.
“I can’t let you do that, Buster!”
“Doctor, you have to let me go out there! It has an important message for us.”
Buster stopped, opened the weapons locker and quickly grabbed a rail-gun. He popped a clip in and aimed it at Doctor Rhodes, “Now, step aside!”
“Buster! You’re not going to fire that… now put the gun down, okay?”
Just as Rhodes finished with his last word, the gun fired.
The rail slug left the barrel of the gun and zipped passed Doctor Rhodes, imbedding into the bulkhead behind him.
“Buster!”
Buster gulped but continued to hold the rail-gun at Rhodes, “I said move aside!”
Rhodes rose his hands in submission and looked over his shoulder at the slug in the bulkhead before turning to face the young Captain.
“Okay, okay, just don’t shoot at me again, okay, Buster?”
Rhodes backed away from the exit, his hands in the air as Buster cautiously moved to the emergency release.  
Reaching with his free hand, Buster pushed the button. Steam vented from the seal as the cargo bay door released. The hydraulics whirred as the door opened and lowered to the ground. 
Buster hopped on the door ledge and then turned to run down the ramp, “Don’t worry, Doctor, I’ll be fine!”
Buster held the weapon as he scurried out of the ship and then slid to an abrupt stop before the green partially-formed alien creature.
The screams silenced and the creature’s face formed fully. 
Aiming the weapon at the creature, Buster asked, “You better not be lying to me, mister-alien-tentacle-creature.”
The creature looked down on Buster, “I am designation X-99. Do not fear me, I am not here to harm any of you.”
Buster held his gun higher, “Prove it!”
“I do not have the time to go into a lot of detail…”
He took aim at the alien’s head and looked into the weapon’s scope, “Spill it before I decide take you down to a puddle of green goo again!”
“I am turned keeper… I cannot prove this, other than through my actions.”
“I’m listening…”
“Xat-Anah only seeks one thing. He seeks the child back on Earth.”
“Umm, child?”
“She is not born yet, but is the child of Bennie Petersen and Jennie Rubenstein-Petersen.”
“So, are you saying we’re all heading back to Earth and not Xat-Anah’s home world?”
“No, the sphere ship was intended to intercept this ship. This vessel is from Sirius. The time lag was great. Our kind knew that to succeed reaching Earth from Sirius, we would have to come in contact with one of our sphere ships. The matter, our matter, would be used to regenerate the soldiers on this ship. Aboard this ship is the device needed to restore the link between Earth and Sirius.”
“What device?”
“The device that is used in the planet power supply. Once integrated, it will reopen the doorway to our world. Our people will begin to flood through the gate and take over your planet.”
“Are you talking about the Aztec pyramids?”
“No, those pyramids were designed to close our gateways. Our pyramids are in the region you refer to as Egypt.”
 “No way!?”
“If you wish to save your planet from our arrival, you must listen to me and follow my instructions.”
Buster lowered his gun, but kept it trained on X-99. “Just what is it you need from us? Are we supposed to blow up this ship to stop you from arriving, or what?”
“No, you will not be able to destroy this ship. It is made of the same material as the green mass you are familiar with.”
“Huh, well, I’ll be darned.”
Doctor Rhodes exited the ship with his own rail-gun, “Step away from the alien, Buster. He’s lying!”
“No. I don’t think he is, Doctor.”
“Now it’s your turn to step aside, whiz-kid, so I can pound this creature back into goo once more!”
Buster turned and threw is arms out wide, “No! I won’t let you kill him! He’s going to help us, Doc!”
The X-99 spoke up, “You better listen to your whiz-kid if you want to survive the next few minutes.”
“What are you talking about?” Doctor Rhodes pleaded, aiming his rail-gun at X-99 through Buster.
“A squad of the Sons of Horus are about to descend upon your ship. Take refuge within your ship. You can slow them down with your ship’s weapons, but you must go now!”
Buster turned back around to face X-99. He tilted his head to the side. “How did you regenerate so quickly after I reprogrammed you, anyway?”
“There is no time for this discussion, you must act now!”
Doctor Rhodes backed into the ship, “Maybe he is telling you the truth, Buster.”
X-99 turned his back to Buster and rose its appendages, one hand and one stump, into the air. When several alien bird-clones exited the alien control room, the X-99 engaged shielding to protect Buster and Doctor Rhodes.
“Ruuuuun!” Doctor Rhodes screamed at Buster.
Buster turned to see the alien creatures open fire on the X-99 unit. Its shields decayed quickly with the multiple blaster shots.
Buster took off toward the cargo hatch when a stray blaster shot hit him square in the back, sending Buster flying through the air and to the ground. He landed with his legs and arms sprawled outward. His glasses flew off his face, hit the deck and slid out of reach.
“Buster!” Doctor Rhodes yelled, “Noooooo!”
Doctor Rhodes slammed his fist on the emergency actuator to seal the hatch and ran to the pilot house.
Climbing to the turret housing, he saw the safety switch and flipped it off. Aiming the guns at the bird-clones, he squeezed the two triggers.
The resulting recoil shook Rhodes, but he kept his hands on the triggers and cut the creatures down. Bird-clone wings and legs flew into the air. The alien bird-clones liquified back into the alien mass as rail-shot shredded their bodies.

Tucker and Cassie heard the firing up ahead and took off ahead of Samuels and Sam. Coming through the landing bay control room, they came to a stop just outside the door.
They raised their rail-guns and opened fire on the bird-clone creatures and the one single tentacle creature that held a shield. 
Tucker saw the sprawled young Captain on the ground and yelled, “Buster!”
Sargent Samuels laid the Buster-clone on the deck inside the control room and followed Sam out the exit to join in cutting down the aliens.
Their rail-shot sang loudly as the bird-clone creatures were pelted with the metal slugs.
X-99 began taking hits as his shield weakened. Finally, the alien creature was no longer able to hold the shield. X-99’s tentacle legs collapsed. He screeched as his body was riddled.
Silence filled the landing bay once more. All the aliens were dead. 
Gus brought up the rear and saw the fallen young Captain a few feet from the closed hatch. He came to the Buster-clone and hoisted him over his shoulder before exiting the control room.
“Open up the ship! Take Buster to his clone extraction chair!” Gus ordered.
Doctor Rhodes climbed down from the turret and moved to the crew cabin. He ran through to the cargo bay and slammed his fist on the emergency release. 
A whoosh of air evacuated as the rear cargo door slowly lowered to the deck. Gus held the Buster-clone and carried him inside the ship.
Tucker and Cassie came to the fallen Buster and rolled him over to his back where Cassie felt his neck for a pulse.
“Buster, are you okay, whiz-kid?”
“I’m not feeling any pulse, Tuck!”
“No, no, no! Not the whiz-kid!”
Tucker picked up the limp Buster and carried him inside the ship after Gus. 
Sam shoved her arm across the table, clearing it. Gus laid the broken Buster-clone on the table.
Doctor Rhodes took Buster from Tucker and carried him to his extraction chair.
“His hearts stopped and he’s not breathing, Doc!” Tucker gasped as he followed Rhodes.
Sam jumped on top of Buster and began chest compressions. After thirty she checked for a pulse.
“Still nothing, Doc!” Sam panicked, “Can’t you shock his heart or something?”
Doctor Rhodes fiddled with the machine’s console and spun up the power. The arm seeking Buster’s chip quickly snapping into the socket.
“I don’t think I can save him, Sam! That alien blaster has blown his heart inside!” Rhodes yelled across the bay to Gus, “Get that clone online! Only way to save him is to transfer him over to it!”
Gus checked out the Buster-clone and glanced over to Rhodes, “I don’t know if this thing is online or not! Just have to try it! Do it, Doc! Send him over!”
Rhodes pressed the transmit sequence on the touch screen as Gus reconnected more connectors inside of the Buster-clone’s chest. 
“It’s not working,” Gus panicked. “I can’t get any power!”
“I’ve already transmitted Buster! If the clone isn’t powered up after the sequence has completed, I-I don’t know if he’ll make it, guys!”
Gus shook his head, held his hand up and concentrated before a probe grew at the tip of his finger, “I’m going to try and jump start him! Stand by!”
Tucker, Cassie, Sam and Sergeant Samuels gathered around Gus and the still Buster-clone and watched.
Gus rolled the clone to its side and jabbed the probe into the socket. Data patterns flowed from Gus and into the Buster-clone. Blue electrical sparks arced across the clone body. The clone opened its eyes once and then looked lifeless as they closed again.
“I can’t hold on to him, much longer, Gus!” Rhodes shouted. “I’m losing the connection!”
Gus poured more energy from his own chip and into the Buster-clone. More blue sparks arced across the dead clone before he yanked the probe from the socket.
“I’m sorry… I can’t get any power to stay on… I think we… lost him...”
Tears began to roll down Sam’s eyes as she climbed back off Buster’s chest, “Can’t we do anything? C’mon, Doc! You have to save him!”
Rhodes looked down and then wrapped his arms around Sam to comfort her, “I’m sorry, Sam. There just wasn’t anything I could have done.”
Sam wept in the doctor’s arms. Cassie wrapped an arm around Tucker and Sergeant Samuels shook his head, “Man, this just ain’t no good, Doc! Gus, can’t you get it started at all?”
“I tried everything I know… I’m sorry, I don’t think there’s anything more I can do now.”
The Salvage-5 team stared in silence at Buster’s dead body and his inactive clone for several minutes.


Chapter 21

Alien Derelict
Landing Bay


The alien matter bubbled and oozed outside the ship. X-99’s head still protruded above the ground, held up by his stump of an arm.
Gus ran down the cargo bay ramp and came to the fallen alien, “Doctor Rhodes says you turned Keeper, is that true?”
X-99 struggled to answer, “Y-yes, I-I was t-telling the tr-truth.”
“Then you need to help us. Can you do that?”
“Y-yes… I ca-can help yo-you all soo-soon.”
Cassie and Tucker joined Gus outside the ship, each armed with rail-guns and trained on the landing bay exit.
“You getting anything out of him, Gus?” Tucker asked.
“Yes, he says he’s telling us the truth, Tuck. He said he can help us in a few minutes.”
“Great! Does that mean, he’s going to raise our ship for us?”
X-99 looked up at Tucker, “I ca-can… but there is a pr-problem.”
Tucker knelt down to X-99 and pressed his gun barrel to his head, “You better not be messin’ with us, or I’ll totally liquidate you!”
“No… I am n-not me-messing with yo-you.”
“Tell us what the issue is, then!” Cassie demanded, as she continued training her weapon at the exit.
“It’s Xat… he… he’s regenerated…”
“How is that possible?” Gus asked.
“He was able to reverse the programming, from carbon-based unit referred to as Buster Clark, by using his box.”
Cassie’s face turned white, “We didn’t recover the box, Tuck!”
“Now… now, Xat is making his wa-way to th-the command de-deck. If he locks ou-out the-these controls, you wi-will not be le-leaving.”
“Oh great!” Tucker grimaced, “But how can we be sure you’re not just sayin’ that to delay our departure?”
Gus held his left arm in the air and grew another probe, “There’s only one way to find out!”
“No Gus!” Tucker ordered, “If this X-99 unit is lying about being Keeper…”
Gus cut Tucker off, “No time to wait for Xat to make his way down here,” he jabbed his probe into the X-99 alien.
Data patterns flowed from Gus and into the alien creature, its body convulsed and contorted as the data reversed and flowed back into Gus. His eyes widened and eyebrows rose high on his forehead before the data pattern ended.
With one yank of his arm, Gus removed his probe and returned his hand to normal, “He’s tellin’ the truth. We have a problem if Xat locks us out, we’ll be trapped inside the ship. That’s the command center for this ship. We’ll have to be in that room to release these controls.”
Tucker tapped his headset, “Sam how soon can we launch the ship?” Tucker cupped his hand over his mouth, “How soon before Xat reaches the control room?”
Tucker’s comm link buzzed in his ear, “It will take at least twenty minutes to get the ship prepped and launched. That’s factoring in evacuating this bay, opening the doors and raising the ship to launch position, Tuck.”
“Sam says twenty minutes. I say fifteen if we take off from inside.”
Gus looked up, “It’s the doors that’ll take the most time.”
“Options?” Tucker asked.
Sergeant Samuels came running down the ramp from inside the ship, “I’m on board for heading down to the engineering room. Didn’t you say we can seal off the command deck from there?”
“Yes, that’s what Buster said,” Gus nodded. “It’s only seven minutes if we hustle!”
Gus stood from kneeling by X-99, “Get me a gun Sarge. We can’t risk anymore than two. The rest of you hold this position. I suggest setting up in the corridor to this control room. We don’t need Xat to cut us off from here, either.”
“Tucker,” Cassie added, “Gus is right, you better stay here with us. Sam can begin her engine start sequence while the Doctor can secure everything inside.”
“No, Sarge. I appreciate your enthusiasm, but no. I’m going. You stay here and defend the ship. I trust you will do that, Sarge, right?”
“Yes, Sir, Tuck. I got ya,” Samuels tossed his rail-gun to Tucker who snatched it out of the air and made it ready.
Cassie handed her weapon to Gus and then kissed Tucker on his cheek. Don’t make me go in there after you again.”
“Don’t worry, Sass. We got this. Right Gus?”
“Yeah, yeah, we got this as long as I lead the way.”
“We’ll, keep the comm link open at all times,” Tucker nodded.
Let’s go,” Tucker said, “before I change my mind!”

Buster found himself walking down the street of downtown Seattle. He looked up to the sky and saw darkness and then studied the buildings.
“This isn’t right! What the heck’s going on, anyway?”
He continued down the bustling streets, focusing on not making eye contact with anyone. 
Others were, once again, walking by, none of them paying any attention to Buster or his look of wonder.
Try not to draw attention to yourself, Buster thought. I’ve done this before… just keep it together. You can do this… I remember… none of this is real. I’m inside the alien core again…
The longer Buster walked the more the streets filled with fake humans, all walking against Buster’s flow down the sidewalk. The more computer-generated people that appeared, the more they began to bump into Buster as they passed.
They did this last time, too! I remember! The door… there’s an exit…
Buster saw the opening in the flow of people as before and darted up a few steps. He again opened the door to the building and walked inside. He noticed it looked more like the alien corridors. 
Wait a minute… I know we destroyed the sphere, so I’m not really there, but these halls look a lot like the ones we saw on the ancient derelict.
I gotta find out what the heck’s going on!
Buster stopped and watched the probe grow on the end of his hand, “Time for some answers!”
Buster shoved his probe into the alien matter and began reading the data patterns that flowed down his arm and into his chip.
“Whoa! I think I understand now… I died… in Doctor Rhodes care… they tried to recover my consciousness… oh no… my clone body never reactivated… that’s why I’m here in the core. Kind of a holding pattern of some kind… what’s going on now?
“Yeah, that’s it… they forgot my box and Xat got a hold of it… that’s very bad… oh man… what’s this?
“Xat has regenerated and is heading to the ship’s control center… Tucker and Gus are headed to the engineering section to lock him out… Hmmm, what can I do here?
“Well, Doctor Rhodes once told me to cause as much havoc on the systems as I can, so that’s what I’m gonna do… too bad I can’t get a message to them that I’m still in here. I wouldn’t want them to leave without me… or worse, destroy this derelict while I’m still in the core.
“That would be a very bad day for me… okay… let me see what I can do…”
Buster closed his eyes and concentrated on disrupting as many systems as he could think of to keep the aliens busy while they headed to engineering.
  
Cassie and Sergeant Samuels set up their position just inside the corridor to the control room when the lights began flickering.
“Hey, what’s up with that?” Samuels asked.
The lights flickered twice more before Cassie tapped her headset, “Tucker, Cassie. You having anything going on there?”
“Funny you should ask, Sass,” Tucker answered in her earpiece, “Why yes, our lights are turning on and off. We’re going dark for a few seconds and then they come back on.”
Sergeant pointed at the control room doors. The doors rattled, then cycled open and closed, repeating at different intervals. “Looks like the doors are acting up now, but none of us are in there. X-99 hasn’t grown enough to move there yet.”
“It’s not us, Tuck,” Cassie added.
“Now our doors are opening and closing, randomly,” Tucker said.
He paused crossing through the last corridor to ensure the door stayed open long enough, “You better not be messin’ with me, Sass.”
“Nope, not us. Not at all…”
Cassie was interrupted by being pulled to the ground with a thud, “OW! Hey, now the gravity plating is acting up… watch yourselves!”
“This is not a good sign, Sassie,” Tucker said, “That might be Xat trying to figure out the right commands to lock us out!”
“I thought of that, Tuck,” Cassie paused and looked at the flicking lights, “Umm, Tuck?”
“What now, Sass?”
“There’s more to this than a random pattern…”
“Yeah, I’m seeing that too…” Tucker exclaimed.
Samuels tapped his headset to add his take, “It’s the same pattern I sent you guys when I was stuck on the broken mag-ring at Mathilda… S… O… S…”
“It’s a call for help,” Gus exclaimed over his comm link, “That means it’s Buster! It has to be!”
“The doors are now opening and closing, but not all the way… just enough to start the clicks,” Cassie reported.
Samuels listened to the series of clicks after hushing the crew, “Wait… Y… E… S… yes… he just answered us!”
Cassie smiled, “That little nerd is alive, isn’t he?”
“Wait a second… there’s another code coming though… C… O… R… E…” Samuels shouted, “He’s in the core!”
Cassie interrupted them all, “Doctor Rhodes! Get that Buster clone in one of those tanks and prep it - ASAP! Let’s hope the internal circuits can regenerate in time.”
“Sam and I are on it, Cass!” Doctor Rhodes said, sounding encouraged.
“Wait a minute,” Samuels broke in once more, “Got another message coming through now… T… O… space… S… H… I… P… to ship,” Samuels deciphered through the door-clicking pattern, “… he wants us to get to the ship! One more pattern now… L… A…U… N… C… H… He’s pretty adamant about us getting to the ship.”
“Tucker and Gus have to get back first. I’m not giving up this position until they do!”
“I know, I know, they better hurry! I don’t know if Buster is aware where they are or not.”
“If we start evacuating, then bring me a suit! I won’t leave this position, Samuels, I won’t!”

Tucker and Gus climbed the ladder down to the engineering section as Tucker answered Samuels plea, “We’re almost there. If we can get inside, we can lock Xat out. Then we’ll head right back to the ship!”
The two reached the bottom of the ladder and made their way down the corridor to the engineering control room.
“We made it, Sass. Stand by,” Tucker ordered over his comm link.
The flickering of the lights and the door movements stopped.
“What’s happening now?” Cassie asked.
“I don’t know,” Samuels answered, “Maybe he’s trying to stop Xat or something, I don’t know, but you two need to get back, before Buster decides to start venting the landing bay!”

Alien Derelict
The Core

Buster stood in the center of the alien core. The corridor dimly illuminated. Still, that didn’t bother the young Captain. Not in the least after everything he’d been through. Looking at his probed hand, he yanked it from the alien wall.
“I feel it,” Buster said out loud, “If that’s not seeker sign, I don’t know what is.”
He thought it and his hand returned to normal. He gazed down the corridor and listened.
“I know you’re here.”
Buster listened more.
“There’s no point in hiding any longer.”
A deep, raspy voice caught Buster’s ear, “Yes. You are quite correct, young Captain Clark.”
“Xat-Anah,” Buster sheepishly smiled as the figure came out of the shadows, “I’m honored that you came to me personally.”
“I wanted to ask you a question.”
“Is that all you want from me?” Buster held his ground by slowly raising his arms, his hands held flat like he was about to karate chop the alien.
“That is all I require of you in order to allow your friends their release.”
“I’m listening…”
“I want you to tell me the chemical formula you started developing. It was in your box, you see. I just want to ensure that our well being is not in jeopardy.”
“That’s it?”
“Yes, Young Captain Clark,” Xat-Anah said with a cunning smile.
“I don’t believe you.”
“That is not my problem, Captain Clark. It is not up for debate. Give me the final computation to the formula. Your friends will die if you do not.”
“The way I see it, Mister Xat, is you will release my friends, or your safety will be in jeopardy.”
“Such big words for such a small, puny human. What makes you think that you can harm me? The way I see it, is you do not have the final computation.”
“You are so wrong,” Buster chuckled.
“Very well then, just give me the computation and prove it.”
“That is something that, well, umm, err, I’m not going to give!”
“Then you have sealed the fate of your friends. I shall continue and lock them out. They will not be able to leave and my Sons of Horus squads will be hatching to finally eliminate the parasitic threat aboard our ship!”
“Wrong again, Mister Xat!”
Xat-Anah stopped from turning away and faced Buster, “How am I wrong?”
“That’s simple, Xat. I did everything I could to get you to come to me. That was my plan the whole time. You see, I caused you to delay reaching the command center just long enough for you to get locked out! Ha! How’s that?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You can leave the core if you want, but you’ll soon discover that they locked you out. You can’t do anything until you unlock the door from main engineering and I doubt you can slither your way there fast enough to get back to lock them out. In fact, I think they’re ready to leave.”
Buster grew another probe at the end of his arm and jabbed it into the wall, sending the coding to the control room to begin venting the landing bay.
“NOOOOOO!” Xat-Anah screamed in horror as he faded from the core program.


Epilogue

Alien Derelict 
Landing Bay


Air rushed by Tucker and Sergeant Samuels as they reached Cassie in the corridor. 
“C’mon!” Cassie yelled, “The landing bay is venting!”
The three made their way through the control room and into the landing bay. The rushing wind was nearly too much for them as they struggled to return to the ship.
The evacuating air caused their ears to pop with the pressure difference. X-99 was nearly fully regrown and motioned to the three, “Get to your ship! I will fend off this one!”
“What one?” Samuels begged as he looked over his shoulder.
The mechanical Tucker-clone clomped through the control room and headed straight for the three.
Tucker spun around and opened fire with his rail-gun, but the evacuating wind that passed across him slowed the metal slugs down. 
X-99 held his hand and stump appendage up to the metallic clone and shot a wave of power across the landing bay. Tucker didn’t relent his rail-shot, even though they did no damage, he thought it would cause enough of a distraction.
Cassie and Samuels made it to the cargo ramp and held on as they watched the metallic Tucker-clone be hurled backward and through the control room entrance. The doors began their clanking as they closed and sealed the landing bay from the control room.
X-99 turned and began slithering his way to Tucker, who ceased firing and held out a hand to the struggling creature.
“Hurry,” X-99 said, we must get to your ship!”
“We?”
“Well, I can’t stay here as Keeper any longer…”
“Let him on, Tuck,” Cassie shouted over the wind, “He’s helped us, now get on board!”
X-99 reached Tucker and they wrapped an arm around each other helping each take a step, brace, and step again. As they alternated between stepping to the ship, it was evident that the air was diminishing with the slowing wind across their faces.
Cassie and Samuels reached their hands out, stretching as far as they dared while holding on to the cargo ramp support struts. Finally making contact, Cassie grabbed Tucker’s hand while Samuels took the alien by his stump of an arm and yanked them to the ramp.
Cassie shouted into the ship, “Close us up, Sam! It’s go time!”
Sam sat in her pilot seat, firmly strapped in and inputting her control sequences, “Closing up shop now, Cass!”
The door hydraulics pulled the ship’s rear cargo ramp closed, the four held on as it rose before they could jump into the cargo bay. The door continued to rise before it clanked shut and sealed. Tucker rolled on the floor, then rose to his feet. Cassie fell into his arms as Samuels helped the X-99 creature off the floor.
The Salvage-5’s engines whined as Sam brought them up to take off power. “The doors are now rolling open… Taking off in 3… 2… 1… skids up!”
Sam pulled back on the controls lifting the ship from the deck and hovered as the landing skids retracted.
“Who opened these doors anyway?” Tucker asked. “You think it was our very own whiz-kid?”
“I’m thinkin’ it was, Tuck, I’m thinkin’ it was,” Gus smiled as he climbed to the pilot house to prepare his harness.
“That little cretin did it,” Sam said, growing tears at the corner of her eyes.
“Yup,” Gus choked, “He got us out of there.”
Tucker poked his head through the opening with Cassie close behind, “Well, what happens to him now?”
X-99 tugged on Cassie from below, “I think I may be able to assist you in this matter.”
Cassie paused and looked down at the alien creature, “Whattya mean by that?”
“I will assist Doctor Rhodes, the rest of you should fasten down. I have a feeling Xat-Anah will continue his efforts to destroy you before he heads for Earth to reclaim the Transcendent.”
Cassie backed down the ladder, “You’re kidding right? If you can help, I ain’t missing this for the world.”
Tucker continued up the ladder. He glanced down before heading to the ship’s upper turret, “I’ll man the guns. Gus get our systems online. Sam, get us outta here!”
“I’m on it, Tuck,” Sam said as she strained to see above the ship. “The doors have stopped. There’s not enough room for a vertical accent.”
“What are you gonna do, Sam?” Gus asked as he sat at his console, “Weapons are online, Tuck!”
“Uh-oh, the doors are closing again!”
“Do something Sam!” Tucker shouted.
“Okay, you asked for it,” Sam pulled her controls and turned the ship nose up, “A little unorthodox maneuver… better hold on,” she warned as the ship began its turn inside the alien derelict.
The ships tail fin scuffed against the alien landing bay as she aligned the ship vertically to the closing doors. Spinning the ship on its longitudinal axis, Sam aligned the ship to the thin slit of the exit and punched the throttle. 
The crew were shoved back into their seats. Cassie held on to Buster’s extraction chair as Rhodes was held firmly in place by the X-99.
The ship shot through the shrinking opening, leaving the alien derelict and out into space.
The alien ship turned away and began circling around.
“They’re arming some kind of weapon,” Gus reported, “You better start firing them guns, Tuck!”
Tucker spun his turret around, aimed at the alien derelict and squeezed the twin triggers. Fifty caliber rounds shot out of the Salvage-5 guns, traveling the short distance to the alien ship.
“Arming plasma guns!” Gus again reported, “I got those…”
Blue bursts of energy left the two side plasma guns as Sam pulled the ship around to face the derelict head on. Squeezing her triggers, Sam shot the two side rail-guns at the ship.
“Whattya you doing, Sam?” Gus protested.
“We can’t out run it, but maybe we can out gun it! Playin’ some chicken!” Sam said, sweat dripping down her forehead, her eyes widened, “I hope…”
The alien ship increased speed even as the multiple weapons impacted the hull.
Sam held her course as they continued to close the distance.
“Veer off, Sam!” Gus protested.
“Not yet!” Sam shouted, “Not… just… yet!”
“Keep firing!” Tucker ordered.
“I’m reading a massive power surge,” Gus reported as he continued the barrage of the blue plasma weapons.
“What is it?” Tucker demanded.
“Veer off, Sam!” Gus shouted, once more.
“Veering off NOW! NOW! NOW!”
Sam pulled the controls sharply to the left, sending the Salvage-5 streaking by the alien ship. As it went by, Tucker pelted them with rail shot.
Salvage-5 passed along the side of the hull of the ancient derelict. It quickly passed by as Sam circled around and began giving chase to the now fading alien ship.
The alien derelict’s engines glowed brightly.
Tucker ducked down below to shield his eyes from the blast wave of energy.
Sam held her arm across her eyes and entered more commands into her console, “Polarizing viewscreen!”
The ship’s view screen faded to darkness as they watched the alien ship disappear.
“They’re moving outta here awful fast,” Gus reported. “They moved to light speed. They’re heading back to Earth!”
Tucker floated down from the turret and into the pilot house, “Oh man! This ain’t no good. We’re stranded out here!”
“We’ve got full power, though, Commander,” Sam reported.
She throttled back on her controls and steadied the ship against the turbulence caused by the alien ship’s engines.
“Oh no!” Sam exclaimed, “Buster’s consciousness is still on that alien ship!”
Tucker floated down to the crew cabin where he saw Cassie, Sargent Samuels, and Gus huddled near the X-99 creature near the Buster-clone chamber.
 Gus quickly joined them as Sam set her autopilot and followed Gus down ladder, her eyes tears stained.
“Can you do anything?” Cassie asked.
X-99 held it’s hands up to its lips while a probe extended into the clone body, “Shhh, I will attempt to help…”
Sam floated over Cassie’s shoulder and looked down at the dead clone body, “The alien ship just flew outta here. You just have to do something!”
“I am attempting to repair the clone damage.”
The creature’s stump of an arm disintegrated further. New data patterns flowed into the Buster-clone body as blue arcs flew across it. X-99 closed its slanted alien eyes and concentrated.

Aline Core

Buster pulled his probed arm from the alien core wall and regrew his hand, “HA! Take that, you beasties… I got them freed, didn’t I?” Buster finished looking up into the air.
Xat-Anah reappeared inside the alien core down the corridor from Buster, “You are still here and you will remain here!”
Buster took two steps back as he fully realized he was still trapped inside the core. He held his hands up in his karate pose, “Don’t come any closer!”
“You prevented me from stopping your ship from leaving! You cannot stop me from holding you inside our core, nor can you stop me from returning to Earth for our Transcendent.”
“You won’t take her, Xat!” Buster shouted, “Uh-oh…”
Xat-Anah grew a concerned look, “uh-oh? What is uh-oh?”
“Uh-oh as in I’m feeling that familiar sign.”
“What sign? I have not released any seekers as yet!”
“I never said it was seeker sign, now did I,” Buster smiled.
“What then?”
“I’m afraid I won’t be staying to explain it to you, ol’ Xat, ol’ buddy!” Buster said with a wave.
The alien corridor faded. His consciousness traveled down a corridor of light, twisting and turning as he flowed from the alien core. 
All at once, Buster shot his eyes open as the X-99 removed his probe and returned his stump to a normal, but shorter size.
“BUSTER!” Sam shrieked.
“You’re alive!” Gus exclaimed.
Doctor Rhodes smiled as he held onto Sam, “You did it, Buster! You did it!”
“What happened in there, Buster?” Cassie asked.
Buster blinked his eyes twice before raising his head to look around. His eyes quickly caught his extraction chair and his real body strapped down with the probe still plugged into the back of his head, “Oh my… I did die… I-I thought that was just the alien core messin’ with me.”
Tucker unbuckled the Buster-clone and let him float freely inside the crew cabin, “Well, it’s great you made it over to your clone-body, n’all, but we’ve got major problems.”
“He’s right,” Gus nodded, “We still don’t have a proper navigational fix on Earth. We don’t even know where we are. I’m afraid the aliens have left the area. We have to stop them, guys.”
“Boy, you’re not a kiddin, Commander,” Buster smiled, “Xat-Anah is headed to Earth to get the Transcendent.”
“I’m sure he’ll stop at nothing to find Jenny,” Gus nodded.
“But why that disturbing grin?” Tucker asked.
“When I tapped into the alien core, I was able to extract our position. I know where we are and how far from Earth. We can amp our way home!”
“That’s my whiz-kid,” Tucker smiled, “Nice job, Captain Clark.”
“Gee, thank, Commander.”
Tucker glanced at Doctor Rhodes, “Grab some cables for us. Everyone else, to the pilot house!”
Tucker and Cassie floated up together and strapped in. Sergeant Samuels and Sam floated up next, followed by Doctor Rhodes and Gus. The Buster-clone and the X-99 alien floated last. 
Buster’s cheek twitched twice as he floated near Tucker.
Taking notice, Tucker asked, “What’s wrong with your face, there, Buster?”
Buster’s face twitched twice more, “I don’t know, Commander. Maybe it’s from all the electricity that was passed into me?”
“I’ll have a look at that in a little while, Buster,” Doctor Rhodes offered.
“Yeah, thanks, Doc,” Buster said, his cheek continuing to twitch.
Rhodes took the cables and connected them to each of the crew before taking his seat. X-99 held on behind the ladder to the pilot house and rested its hand on Busters shoulder. 
A probe entered into Buster, “I shall make my connection to the net through Captain Clark.”
“Hold on everyone,” Buster said, “Doctor, please activate the accelerator.”
Doctor Rhodes pressed the final sequence, sending a powerful gamma wave down each fiber cable and into their chips.
Buster closed his eyes and concentrated on their location and Earth before the stars bled the color spectrum across their view screens.
Opening his eyes, Buster looked out, “Cool…”
“That’s all ya’ got, whiz-kid?” Tucker asked.
“Um, err, yeah, that’s always a cool light show.
“I just confirmed our course,” Sam smiled, “We are headed to Earth.”
“Only problem,” Gus added, “is it’s gonna still take us three weeks!”
“Well,” Tucker smiled as he fiddled with his controls, “That means we just hold on… and speaking of holding on,” Tucker pressed a final button on his console.
Their ears were rewarded with loud music, “How about a little Snakes & Arrows, We Hold On.”
Sergeant Samuels grimaced while the others smiled.
Gus glanced over to Tuck, “Niiice, love this music!”
“We’ll, we have some time to kill. No better way than by listening to some bodacious tunes!”
The crew laughed as the Salvage-5 sped toward Earth, the music got louder as Tucker pushed his volume up.
He began to sing the lyrics as the music played, “Keep holding on into dawn… how many times must another line be drawn…we could be down and gone, but we hold on… Hold on people,” Tucker mused, “Destination Earth!”
“Whoo hooo!” Sam cried tears of joy, “Rock it, Commander, Rock it!”
Sergeant Samuels smiled, “Yeah, I guess these are pretty bodacious alright. Just not so loud, huh?”
“Relax Sarge,” Tucker moved the volume control forward even more and smiled back at Samuels, “It’s only three short weeks.”
“Oh god help us all,” Samuels grimaced.
The crew laughed as the Salvage-5 sped toward Earth.

# # #


Bonus Content

I hope you enjoyed book 1 of the “Dark World Series,” Salvage-5: AMPED.
Here is a brief introduction of what’s coming next in book 2:

AMP – AFTERMATH

“I don’t know how long it’s been, really. Five years or fifty? It’s hard to say for sure how many. However, it wouldn’t even matter if it was five-hundred or five-thousand years.
“My cybernetic brain still plays out in my artificial mind. That’s all that’s left of me, anyway; my mind and the mechanical parts that made up the shell of my body.
“The devastation my kind brought to this world will forever have left its scar. My human half died long ago. I didn’t really know that would happen, but I guess that’s a byproduct of being the first transcendent life form. Half cyborg clone, and half human. I would have expired many years ago if it weren’t for the fact my bio engineering adapted to my missing human parts. 
“Since every living creature perished during the final days of the aftermath, there was no carbon-based food to sustain those dying human parts. My desire to eat was the first thing that was programmed out.
“My blood turned into the alien substance that now flows through the remaining circuits and shell of a body…
“I remember my father…
“I remember my mother…
“All of them I remember, really. Those thoughts of my human parents haunt me every day. For a cybernetic lifeform, those memories never fade as long as my power supply continues on.
“I know there is a limitation of how long my energy will last. Once that fades, I will finally cease to exist, finally vanquishing my pitiful existence from this world.
“I am the only living walking lifeform that remains. There are no more any humans. No longer livestock, or birds that flock, or fish that swim in the oceans. I do not know if my power supply will last another year, or another ten-thousand? I simply am not able to calculate the answer.
“The humans hated me for what happened to their world. I was not able to stop them. I can’t say I blame them. The humans, that is. I accept them hating me. I hate myself for the pain and suffering our kind caused.
“If I had the power to disconnect my power supply and cease existing, I would. That’s one human trait that I could never program out of me; self-termination. 
“So, I will continue with my search. Perhaps one day I will find the missing core somewhere in the debris of the city. Our kind returned to Earth with one. I know there is one here. But, again, I don’t know what happened to it. With so many years that have passed, each day it becomes less likely that I will find it.
“My hope is that, someday, I will find it. When I do, I will ensure everyone that I knew, everyone that I hurt in the aftermath when my coming took place, will live on forever. 
“Well, again, if the power supply in my cyborg body remains active, that is.
“I do remember how long it has been now… fifty-thousand years has come and gone. Is it even possible that my power supply could last another fifty-thousand?
“Eventually, life will return to Earth. That is, once the radiation dissipates enough to support it. I have made a vow to never interfere with the natural healing this planet must go through. Now that the radiation barrier has fully restored, I can be assured that life will, again, return to this planet… Someday.
“Until such time that I discover the core, or my power supply fades enough to take me offline, I will always remember those times. The humans fought valiantly. All of them.
The cyborg creature sat down amongst the pile of rubble and thought, “This is my story of what occurred before my arrival and the events just after the Aftermath. This is what happened when my kind tried to occupy this world through the portal. What happened after the sphere left for our home world, was never anticipated, but I remember it all.”
Holding her head up high to the sky, she spoke loudly, “My name is Eva and I am the Transcendent.”


#  #  #

More Works
by
B. K. Larson

I hope you enjoyed this second installment in the Pirates Series. Here are more books by me for your reading enjoyment.

Salvage-5
Salvage-5: The Next Mission
Salvage-5: Another Mission
Salvage-5: Final Mission

Salvage-5: Anthology
(Vol. 1-4)


A.M.P
(Amplified Mental Projection)
Phase 1
Phase 2
Phase 3
Phase 4
Final Phase

AMP - Anthology
(Amplified Mental Projection)
(Vol. 1-4)


Salvage-5: AMPED
AMP: AFTERMATH
AMP: The Transcendent

Salvage-5
Awakenings

The Warlords of Antares
Warlords Series Book 1

Empress of Antares
Warlords Series Book 2

Blood Scroll of Antares
Warlords Series Book 3

Rise of the Warlords
Warlords Series Book 4

Realm of Revein’sev
Warlords Series Book 5


Warlords: Saga
(Vol. 1-4)


TIME: Squared
TIME: Fractured
TIME: Paradox
TIME: Dimensions

Time Chronicles
(Vol 1-3)


Secret of the Crystal

Secret of the Crystal II
The Forge

Secret of the Crystal III
Destiny

Secret of the Crystal IV
Forgotten Legacy

Secret of the Crystal V
The Rune


~ Coming Soon ~


Return to Revein’sev
Warlords Book 6
2022

Pirates of the Galactic Empire
Book 3: The Outpost Wars
2021/2022

Salvage-5
Revelation
2022/2023

Hidden in TIME
Book 5 TIME Series
2022/2023

RE-CON
(A Past Lives Quest)
2023

Thank you for taking the time to read and support my writing. I hope you enjoyed this second book in the Pirates Series.

Stay tuned for the next book in Dark World Series:

AMP - Aftermath

You can follow me on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news of upcoming releases.

Or visit my web at www.bklarson.com for news and updates.

One last thing, please do your favorite author a favor and post a review for their hard work.

Thank you
Author, B. K. Larson




 
