
Salvage-5
The First Mission


Brian K. Larson

Salvage-5
The First Mission

Brian K. Larson

Published by Slipstream Publishing
At Smashwords



Copyright 2014 Brian K. Larson
Dedication

I would like to dedicate this book to all of my author friends. Whereby, we stand together with support, encouraging one another along each of our paths. 
This support net of authors, made it possible to climb the highest mountain, to achieve the needed confidence to become a full time author.
CONTENTS


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17

Sneak Peak
More Works

Chapter 1


Salvage-4
Kirkwood Gap – Asteroid 15 Eunomia
Aug. 7th 2064

Mission: 
CSMO RECOVERY


“Stand by, captain,” Jake Paulson, the Salvage-4’s pilot reported, “We’re coming up on our target now.”
“Well it’s about damn time,” Captain Jamison answered, through his headset.
Gus Jamison was an ex-marine and overall nice guy, but a hard ass. He needed to be in this line of work; space was a dangerous and hostile environment where mistakes were not forgiven. Everyone knew Gus would bust your chops if you didn’t have the hustle on.
Jake loved piloting these salvage vessels. It was nearly 95 feet in length, 65 foot wide and 20 foot tall, which was divided into three compartments. The two forward decks contained the pilot house and living quarters. The ship could support seven crew comfortably for three months. However, in an emergency, they could survive six, if the crew reduced their oxygen intake to the environment minimum. The ship’s air scrubbers would need to be replaced after that. The aft section was made up of its hydrogen-fusion pulse drive, thruster packs, and fuel containers. The rest of the ship was a large open cargo bay with connecting hatchways to the forward compartment of the ship. They carried all of the necessary tools to make any repairs on the CSMO. The mission was to restore power, send over two pilots, and get the CSMO mining.
Jake gracefully slowed the ship, braking their one tenth light speed flight path to 15 Eunomia. 
“We’ve spent the last 12 days traveling from Earth to this god-forsaken place. Time to get to work everyone.”
“Now maybe we can finally find out what happened to the Euna-1,” Darleen, the ship’s engineer said. 
“I don’t know about you all,” Darrell Hansen, the pilot that would fly the barge shrugged, “but I for one want to know what happened to the other salvage crews.” 
Captain Jamison floated from the aft cargo hold to the pilot house. He closed and sealed the aft cargo airlock and then floated over and took his seat. Strapping in, he peered out the window at the barge floating 1000 meters from the asteroid, “Looks like a simple enough recovery operation.” He continued to study the ship in the light from their spots. “So far from what I can see, the hull looks intact.”
“Cap’n I’m going to swing us around to the other side for another look.”
“Okay, just don’t get too close to that rock, will ya?”
“Don’t worry sir. I’ll give her a very wide berth.”
“What’s up cap?” Darleen asked, “Any idea on what happened to the crew yet?”
“Nothing yet, Darla. You better cinch down tight though, we’re going to dock once we finish our exterior inspection.”
“This is odd, Cap’n,” Jake said.
“What’s that?
“It appears that they never fired their mooring harpoon.”
“That could have been for any number of reasons,” Darla stated, looking at the barge through her port side window. “This is the first mining pod on a type-S asteroid, they must have been using extreme caution, you know how that is.”
“Yeah, this might be the first type-S, but there are six other mining operations in the belt.”
“Yeah, but those are all manned operations,” Jake winked toward Darleen, “...and this is the first one in the Kirkwood gap.”
“Pretty amazing, to say the least,” Jake said, “Complete Self-contained Mining Operations.”
“CSMO’s man, what a concept, I’d say,” Darleen said, tightening her straps, “Extracting the asteroid elements and converting them into both water and air for the workers,  then loading containers with the precious metals that are left over.”
“No,” Jake countered, “What’s amazing is the automated hauling.”
“I disagree…”
“Oh, come on now, you’ve got to admit. Sending the full containers out for the auto-hauler to latch on, carrying them back to Earth and then returning the empties…now, that’s ingenious.”
“Watch it!” the captain shouted, “Roid’!”
Jake instinctively fired his thrusters to avoid the rock that was flying right at them, “Where did that come from?”
“Keep alert, everyone!” Gus smiled. “The aliens are throwing rocks at us now.”
The crew chuckled as he attempted to lighten the mood, “Seriously though, there is still the element of mystery as to what happened to the others.”
“Coming around now sir,”
“Hold up…hold up there now,” Gus said, coming to the edge of the straps to get a better look out the front window, “Darla, shine our lights down 10 degrees and 5 port.”
“You got it Cap.”
“What the hell is that?”
“That looks like their harpoon cable pulled right out of the hull.”
“It does,” Jake nodded, “What the hell happened?”
“I don’t know. Better examine the docking port for damage. We might have to make our own entrance,” 
“He’s right,” Darla said, nodding her head, “It looks like the cable snapped. We can’t use that docking port, it’s damaged.”
“They weren’t trying to tether, they were trying to get away,” Jake said. “I’ll take her topside and we can cut a hole in her and enter there.”
“What about our survivors?”
“Darla, there aren’t any survivors. They ruptured their hull by tearing the line off. I doubt they had time to seal the leak. They were dead in less than a minute.”
“He’s right, you know,” Darrel added, “We knew they were all dead when we left Earth. No signal for weeks. Even if they did manage to seal a hatch, all their systems are off line: no juice…no scrubbers…no air.”
Darla looked down in despair, still hoping that she’d find someone alive on the CSMO, “I’ll start recording our recovery ops.”
“You do that, Darla. Keep your mind on those twenty poor souls.”
“Oh, stop it!”
“That’s enough, everyone!” Gus ordered, “Stay focused.”
“Comin’ up topside now,” Jake said, changing the subject, “lowering landing skids…engaging magnetic lock in 3…2…1.”
The Salvage-4 rocked as it connected with Euna-1. “We’re locked on her now Cap’n, powering down engines.”
“Okay, Darrel. You and Julio suit up.”
“You got it cap. Come on Julio, let’s get to the aft…we’ll be ready in fifteen.”
“You two stay tethered at all times, you got that?”
“Aye, cap’n, I can assure you we will.”
The two floated aft and sealed the hatch. They both completed suiting up and gathering the tools they needed.
“We’re ready Cap.”
The aft cargo bay floor lowered, exposing the vastness of space. They walked down the ramp using their magnetic boots and floating their equipment behind them on cables, “Raise the cargo door, Cap. We’re all set here.”
Twenty minutes later, the two had cut a large hole in the Euna-1, and installed the emergency hatch. Julio was the first to drop inside, followed by Darrell.
“We’re recording, Captain. Are you getting this?”
“Yes, we’re reading everything,” Gus said over the comm.
“Finding bodies…yep…it’s obvious they died of asphyxiation.”
“Bastards never had chance,” Julio said.
The two made their way to the flight deck of the CSMO only to find more death, “The captain is strapped in the pilot seat and he has the thruster lever jammed as far as she’ll go.”
“That would account for the harpoon being yanked out of the hull,” Gus said.
“That’s strange,” Darrell began, “they must have run out of thruster juice at the exact same moment the cable snapped. Otherwise, they would have continued with forward momentum.”
“All the systems are down,” Julio reported, “There’s no power here at all. Maybe they experienced a power failure causing the thrusters to die. Then if the cable snapped, that would account for them being in this same position. Came up on the line and yanked them to this position.”
“Get on back,” Gus ordered, “We’ll fit some new bat-packs and restore power. Once we can get the lights back on, we can examine the flight recorders.”
“Cap, there’s more.”
“Darrell?”
“Fear.”
“Yes, Darrell, I’m sure it’s not pleasant over there…”
“Not me sir. The crew over here. They all died with intense expressions of fear… one of them has his helmet on, but I can’t see his face, something’s blocking my view.”
Jake looked over at Gus, “It don’t feel right Cap’n.”
“Yeah, the hairs on the back of my neck are standing at attention too,” the Captain nodded, “You two get on out of there. Head back to Salvage-4.”
“Cap,” Darleen said, tapping Gus on the shoulder, “I think you should see this, sir.”
Gus turned, giving Darla a quick glance, “Darrell, do you read? Julio, report!”
“Gus!” Darla exclaimed. No one called the captain by his first name. Ever, “You need to see this!”
Gus turned to Darla with raised eyebrows, “What is it?”
“There’s something down there.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I found the harpoon strike and cable.”
“So what? We already established the cable was pulled out of her.”
“There’s something else down there, next to the targeted landing zone. I picked it up on the scope.”
“What the hell is that?” Gus exclaimed. “Darrell, Julio! Report on the double!”
The comm signal only returned static. Then the power went out on the Salvage-4.



Chapter 2

Whidbey Island 
Oak Harbor, WA
Fitness Center
Aug. 9th 2064 10:45


Tucker Petersen was bench pressing three hundred pounds, when a tall blond woman, in full dress military, entered the fitness center.
The silver haired, short stalky man noticed the blond stepping up to him as he pumped the weights, “One…two…three”, he grunted, this can’t be good, he thought, “…twelve…thirteen,” he called out as she approached.
“Nice try Tuck. I only counted five at best.”
Tuck set the weights on the rack over his head with a clank, and then sat up. He wiped his forehead and the back of his neck with the towel draped over his shoulder, “Oh come on…it was thirteen,” he answered, blowing smoke from his cigar hanging out the side of his mouth.
The tall lanky blond, waved the smoke from her face, “Do you mind putting that…thing out?”
“As a matter of fact, Cass, I do mind. Thanks for asking though.”
 Cass bounced her short ponytail when she rolled her eyes, “Whatever.”
 “That’s ‘Whatever Sir’, to you.”
“You’re retired. You can’t give me orders anymore.”
I think that’s about to change, he thought to himself, “That’s right, and don’t you forget it,” he smiled. 
He grabbed more weights off the floor and set the barbell to three hundred and twenty pounds, “So, to what do I owe the pleasure of your presence?” He stopped for a brief second thinking about his own question, and then pointed a stern finger, “Oh no…oh no you don’t, you’re not recalling me. There’s just no way!”
“Tuck…”
“I knew it! You are recalling me… who is it?” he asked, scratching the back of his head, and with a sinking feeling deep within the pit of his gut, “Who’d I piss off to make them want to take revenge on me? Was it Griffin? No wait, Samuels! That’s who it was… tell me it wasn’t Samuels...that son of a bitch…”
 “Neither.”
“Okay,” he said, shrugging his shoulders, “Come on…spot me,” he ordered, lying flat on his back under the weights. 
“Aren’t you going to ask me who?”
“Well,” Tuck said, grabbing the bar off the rack, “Not really.”
Cass took her place at his head and assumed the stance to catch the bar when he completed his set, “I’ll tell you who.”
 “I’m all ears,” he answered, grunting with each pump of the iron.
“General McKenzie.”
“General McKen…” Tucker puffed with his final lift, nearly dropping the weights, “What’d I do to piss him off? I haven’t done anything…”
“…You didn’t do anything to piss anyone off, Colonel,” Cass interrupted, then helped guide the weights back to the rack.
Tucker stood and grabbed a jump rope, “Stop calling me that. I’ve been retired for five years now…you can just keep calling me Tuck,” he insisted, now skipping rope.
“Colonel, er, Tucker,” she corrected, “If you would just stop and listen to me for a second,” her face turned from polished military, to one of concern.
Tucker noticed her sudden change of mood and stopped, “What’s the matter Cass. You look like you lost your best friend.”
“Close.”
He sat on the bench and looked up at Cass, “Who then? What’s this all about anyway? Why all the sudden interest in my re-activation?”
“It’s Gus…”
Tuck’s face turned white, “What about Gus! What happened to him?”
“That’s what the General wants to talk to you about.”
“I know he took a salvage job, but that’s a civilian gig. Why’s the military getting involved?”
“It’s best if you come with me and let the General brief you.”
“Oh come on now…don’t keep me in suspense… just tell me…” He took another long taste of his cigar before putting it out in his portable ashtray. “He’s dead. Isn’t he?” 
“Presumed.”
“So you really don’t have a body, do you?”
“No. We lost contact with his crew of five a couple of days ago.”
“Let me guess, the General wants me to do a suicide mission to wherever the hell, to save his sorry ass?”
“Tuck, Gus was your best friend.”
“Was. Don’t forget the key word in that sentence.”
“Colonel, that was long time ago.”
“Not long enough.”
“It wasn’t Beverly’s fault.”
“Right, just like it was mine that Gus slept with my wife.”
“Tuck, let’s not get into that. We really need to get going.”
“Don’t change the subject on me now. You can’t dredge this up without finishing.”
“Come on, the General’s waiting at the base.”
“Aren’t you going to bring up the fact that I slept with you?”
“You never ‘slept’ with me.”
“Right. I was too drunk…but I would have…’cause I’ve heard that revenge sex is the best you know.”
“You wish.”
“Come on, you have to admit it…you would have slept with me.”
“You are incorrigible,” Cass said, cheeks blushing, “No, I wouldn’t have. You’re twenty years my senior for god sakes.”
“What’s the matter?”  Tucker asked with a smile, “Afraid you couldn’t keep up?”
“No, I wouldn’t want to cause you a heart attack.”
“Pfff, yeah right,” Tuck smiled, “okay, come on then. Let’s go find out what General McKenzie wants.”

Whidbey Island Naval Base & Space Port
General McKenzie’s office 
Aug. 9th 2064 14:00

Tucker walked down the corridor with Cass to the General’s office, when he pulled out his stogie and lit it once more. Then after a long drag and savoring its taste, he blew the smoke in a large cloud over their heads.
The secretary sitting outside the office stood to confront the man, “Sir, I will have to ask you to put that out in here!”
“You can ask all day long, missy. But, you forfeit your right to tell me what to do by these here birdie wings on my shoulder,” Tucker said, pointing with his free hand, “Please tell the General that we’re here.” 
The secretary snubbed her nose in the air and then pressed a button on her vid-phone, “Sir, the Colonel is here.”
“Send them in,” the gruff voice answered.
“He’ll see you now…”
“No kiddin’,” Tucker smiled as he waltzed into the office.
Cass slapped him on the arm, “Be nice, Colonel.”
“No, I don’t feel like being nice,” Tucker said, sitting in a chair opposite General McKenzie, “’Sides, no one’s being nice to me today, so give me one good reason why I should?”
The General stood and shook Cassandra’s hand and then offered his hand to Tucker, “Captain, Colonel, pleasure to see you both.”
Tucker, not returning his gesture, remained seated, “I’m sure you are, wish I could say the same.”
The General sat down, and scooted himself in. He felt uncomfortable enough as it was and didn’t want to stand there waiting any longer, “Colonel, we have a situation.”
Tucker sat unemotional as the General continued with his hands folded on his desk, “The civilian crew of Salvage-4 are missing.”
“I know they’re missing, General. But can you get to the point? I’m a busy guy, you know.”
“You’re retired,” the General replied.
“Not anymore,” Cassandra said under her breath.
Tuck gave her a cynical glance, and then returned to the matter, “So, Mac, can you tell me why the military is gettin’ involved in a civilian mission?”
“It’s Richard…”
“Okay, Dick…”
“…Don’t piss me off, Tucker!” the General exclaimed, nearly coming out of his chair, “You’re pushing it to the limit.”
“Oh, I can think of a million come-backs to that. Okay, just tell me when I’m over the limit and I’ll…”
“That’s enough Colonel! You had better zip it before I sit your ass in the brig.”
“Go ahead, Dick…err General, or whatever you want to be called. I’d be safer in there than where I think you want to send me.”
“I’d think twice about that, Colonel. You’re not very well liked around here…”
“No kiddin’…”
“…and most of those inmates, I’d be sure to bunk you with, would love to get a piece of you…if you know what I mean.”
For the first time, Tucker squirmed in his seat. He took a long drag from his short cigar and blew the plume over the General’s head, “I’ll take my chances.”
“I mean it Tuck, keep it up.”
“Okay, how about this?” Tucker said, leaning forward he blew another cloud in the General’s face, “the way I see it…sir…you need me for this mission…and there’s only one reason why that is.”
Cass put her hand on his knee, “Tuck, don’t do this.”
“Captain,” he said turning to Cassandra momentarily, “Let me guess.”
“Go on, Mister. Go ahead and tell us what it is you think this is all about,” General McKenzie scowled, “and put that damn thing out in my office!” the General’s stature towered over Tucker, even sitting. 
Tucker obliged and snuffed his short stogie in his portable ashtray, and then placed it inside his military coat, “See General? I can follow orders.”
“You were about to tell me what you ‘think’ this is all about.”
“Yes, well. You see, I kind of think you might have a reason to think that I’ve been messing around with your wife…but I haven’t I assure you…just in case it ever did come up…you know.”
“This is not about that…and I assure you, I’m not in the least bit worried about you ‘messing around’ with my wife…amused, though,” the General chuckled.
“Oh, well…good…now that we have that out of the way then. Can you just please tell me what this is all about?” He turned to Cass, “Why won’t he tell me about what this is all about?”
“Ahem,” the General coughed.
Tucker turned back toward the General, “Sorry, General. Go right ahead…please tell me what this is all…”
“Colonel Petersen!”
“…right, right…you have the floor,” Tucker said, leaning back in his chair, he crossed his legs and folded his hands, resting them on his lap.
“Colonel, this is a serious matter. You already know we’ve lost Salvage-4. We haven’t received any signal from them,” the General looked briefly at his watch, “going on three days now. Major Jamison did manage to send us a 45 minute recording of their findings.”
“I take it all the Savage missions have failed.”
“Yes. Jamison was the first mission to get any recording back to us. The others simply vanished.”
“…and you want me to go out there because…”
“As much as I hate to admit it…”
”…Ooo this should be good. Are we recording this by chance?” Tucker asked, turning to Cass.
“…you’re the best commander I have.”
“No…no, you see that’s where you’re wrong, General.”
“I’m not wrong.”
“I’ve been retired for five years, I’m out of shape…you know how it is…”
“He’s in fine shape,” Cass smiled, “He pressed over 300 pounds thirteen times.”
Tucker quickly turned to Cass, “It was five, okay?”
“Hah, I knew it…”
Turning back to the General, “besides, I’m only five foot five. I was rejected by the space program because, well…you know what they say.”
“What do that say?”
“Size really does matter…”
Cass, no longer able to contain herself, burst out  laughing.
“You see? That’s why I’m not the best fit for this mission.”
“I got you a waiver for your, um, size issue…and your chart shows five foot seven.”
“I lied. I’m really five-eight…you see, I am such a liar. You don’t need a liar for a commander.”
“…and the Captain here will be your pilot,” the General said, making a hand gesture toward Cass.
Tucker leaned on one knee, and turned to Cass, “Oh come on now… really?”
“Yes, Tucker,” Cass answered.
“See, you could have given me a hint,” turning back the General, “I won’t go if she’s my pilot. No way on this Earth.”
“It won’t be Earth.”
“Sir…” Tucker stood and pleaded, “Please don’t send Cass out there with me…anyone besides her. Really General? I did piss you off, didn’t I...Look, I’ll do it if I get to pick my own pilot.”
“You’ll go if Cass stays?”
“No offence, there Captain,” he said sitting back down and patting her knee, “I’ll go with anyone else as pilot, but I get to pick my crew.”
“Done.”
“Okay, now we’re getting somewhere.”
“Cass stays on Earth and will be assigned to your intelligence gathering. She’ll also assist your trainer.”
Tucker looked at the General in the eye, “Okay. You got me. Now, tell me what the hell this is really all about?”
“We originally thought that the CSMO Euna-1 ran into mechanical trouble. We lost their signal just shy of four months ago. Three lost Salvage missions later, the civilian company contracted the military to oversee the next one.”
“That’s when you reached out to Gus.”
“Right, uh, we reached out…Major Jamison and his crew arrived at the Kirkwood Gap and the target asteroid 15 Eunomia,” then the Major clicked a button on his data-pad and played a video for Tucker on the wall.
He digested everything from the crew cutting the hole in the CSMO, to the stark scared faces of the dead crew. Then the scene changed to the telescope view on the surface of the asteroid. 
That’s when the General froze the image, “It’s right here that we are the most interested in,” drawing a circle with a laser pen.
“What is it?”
“That, is an unidentified flying object.”
“Wow… boy oh boy! Changed my mind…never mind, you can put me in the brig. I really don’t like this, not at all,” Tucker said to Cass.
“Tuck,” the General said, as somberly as he could, “I need you. I need you to do this.”
“That there thing on the screen? It’s not flying…it’s crashed. Looks to be buried in the rocks and I’m not about to join its ranks,” then he turned to Cass again, “Are these people nuts? They want me to be the meet and greet committee for these aliens?”
“Relax, Tuck. There’s no sign that the aliens are alive. We estimate that the disk-shaped vessel had been buried on that asteroid for tens of thousands of years. That’s why I need you and your team…and whoever else you want to take out there…to recover that technology before anyone else.”
“What makes you so sure that try number, um, five will be any more successful? I mean, we’ve already gone way past third time’s a charm here.”
“Tuck, this is a chance of a life time.”
“Yeah, I’m thrilled.”
“Colonel, Gus may still be alive,” Cassandra said, placing her hand on his knee.
Tucker fell silent for a moment, “What makes you think that?”
“Because we received a second signal from the site a few hours ago.”
“And, you’re just now telling me this because why?”
“It’s nothing more than the distress beacon onboard Salvage-4. It’s our only hope that the major, and his crew, are alive. They have enough air for three months.”
“What is it, 15 days out?”
“If we don’t launch within two weeks, we will miss our window and it will take 23. But yes, 15 now. It took them 12 and every minute we sit here flapping our gums about yes or no, the more oxygen they burn, the fewer minutes they have left.”
“Okay, General. But there is one more thing you need to promise me.”
“Name it, Colonel.”
“You’ll look after my boy.”
“Yes, I heard about the tragic accident. How’s Bev taking it?”
“We don’t talk much, but she’s holding up okay.”
“How is Bennie doing? Any improvements?”
“No. The Doctors have said he’s stable, but in a coma.”
“You bring me back that technology, and I’ll see to it your son gets the very best care.”
“Thanks, General.”
“So how about it, Tuck.”
“I get the feeling there isn’t anything I can say or do to change your mind.”
“Nope-orders are orders.”
“Then Yes. Now that’s a type-S one, right? Silicone based.”
“You would think that,” Cass said calmly, “Type-S asteroids mainly consist of metallic iron and iron-magnesium silicates. Not silicone.”
“Hmmm,” Tuck thought silently for a moment, “Metallic iron…couldn’t their instruments have been just messed up by the heavy magnetics and crashed into it?”
“No, something grabbed that CSMO and we think they were trying to get away in a panic.”
“And Gus’s emergency beacon is still transmitting…from the surface.”
“Swell. Okay, I’ve seen enough. I’ll start assembling the crew. You say I have 10 days before launch?”
“Sooner if possible, Colonel.”
“I’ll need all 10.”
“Why?”
“Well, I have to sort of break one of my crew out of prison.”
“Break?”
“Well, you know…break, buy…same difference.”
“Who and what was he in for?”
“Name’s Calvin Jones, kind of got himself into a sticky mess with a little misunderstanding down in Mexico.”
“Cal? Seriously? You don’t need to tell me anymore…I think I can pull a string or two for you on that one.”
“General, don’t tell him. Let me, please?”
“Okay, why not.”
“Good, because part of my strategy there is to make him think I hold the keys to his freedom.”
“Great way to build loyalty,” Cass mused.
“I thought so.”
“Gentlemen, ladies, I think we need to dismiss.”
“Great, I was hoping to leave soon. I think I need a drink.”
“No drinking, Colonel,” Cass waved a finger in his face, “You can’t have one drop until your return.”
“Oh come on. You’re such a party poop.”
“One last thing before you go.” 
“What’s that, General?”
 He reached over to his vid-link and buzzed his secretary, “Send in the Colonel’s trainer.”
“Right away sir,” the comm link answered.
“Who…who’s my trainer? Why are you both smiling?”
“Sergeant Samuels, reporting for duty, SIR!” the man said, coming into the room with a salute.
“Samuels!” Tuck exclaimed, then turned to Cass, “I knew Samuels had something to do with this…didn’t I tell you he was involved?”
The three walked out the General’s office and the General waited for the door to close. 
Then he picked up his data-pad and made a quick call, “Yes, it’s me. He’s in…of course…he’ll be fine… …don’t worry about a thing…oh and by the way, need a couple of things. Go to Memorial Hospital and see to it that his son, Bennie gets the best care…he’s our candidate today…right…then make arraignments for the Mexican police to turn Calvin Jones’s over to him… ….yes…you heard me, Calvin… …okay, thanks,” then he disconnected the call and sat back with his hands folded behind his head, and feet on his desk.



Chapter 3

Whidbey Island Naval Base & Space Port
Day 1
Aug. 10th 2064 05:30


“Hup, two. Hup two, Hup, two, three, four,” the sergeant sang in cadence to Tucker running down the track. It was pouring down rain on the Naval Space port of Oak Harbor. Tucker huffed and puffed as he tried to keep up with his trainer. Cass was running along Samuels, keeping up with no problem.
“Is this really necessary?” Tuck asked, another cigar clenched in his teeth, “In the rain? I don’t see that there’s any use to this, it doesn’t rain in space.”
“What’s the matter, Tuck,” Cass asked between breaths, “Getting soft?”
“Soft? No. Not soft, not at all.”
“Come on Colonel, double time it.”
“Oh come on now,” Tucker complained.
“Only three laps to go…now move your lazy ass!”
“Three!? We’ve already done three.”
“Wrong, Tuck,” Cass smiled, “We’ve only done one… you’re not gonna let a woman beat ya are ya?”
“Well, that depends.”
“On what?”
“On if there are really three more to go.”
“Tuck!”
“What? You were expecting me to say something else, weren’t you?”
 “Knock it off, Colonel. You only have a few days left. Use them wisely,” the sergeant shouted. “Double time it, double time it…two…three…four…”
Rounding the last corner of the fourth lap, and only fifty feet to go, Tucker poured on the steam, passing both the sergeant and Cass across the finish line.
They continued to trot to the covered area at the side of the track where they all rested with their hands on their knees.
“I thought you didn’t like to run,” Cass panted.
“Never said that, I just don’t like the rain…and hey, you sound great doing that.”
“Shut-up Tuck,” Cass again panted.
“Guess, I ended up beating you, huh,” Tucker said, blowing a large puff from his cigar.
“When you gonna give that up?”
“That would be never. Why do you keep asking me that?” he paused and then smiled, “Ahhh, you do care about me…there’s no denying it now.”
Cass stood upright and approached Tucker, “Yeah, I care,” then as she began to give him a hug, she sucker punched him in the gut.
Tucker doubled over and coughed, “There. Now you’ll know how it will feel after sucking on those things for another ten years.”
“Oh, yeah,” Tucker coughed, trying to catch his breath, “That was real good, Cass.”
“Didn’t see that one coming did ya.”
“Nope, sure didn’t. Now that’s the Cass I remember.”
“That’s Captain to you, Colonel.”
“Right, Captain. I won’t forget it.”
“Good.”
“’Sides.”
“’Sides, what?”
“I don’t inhale.”
“I have.”
“Well no wonder you don’t like these, you’re not supposed to breathe these things, you trying to kill yourself? Sergeant, I think she needs an intervention…No, you taste the flavor and then blow it out.”
“I see.”
“Now, Sassy Cassie, what say we head over to the showers and get cleaned up before class?”
“That’s a great idea, Tucker,” Cass smiled, “Too bad the base doesn’t have co-ed huh. And don’t call me that.”
“Damn.”
“About what? The showers?”
“No, that I can’t call you Sassy Cassie,” Tucker smiled, blowing another familiar plume in the air, “Wow.”
“Now what?”
“This here is a mighty fine cigar…mighty fine indeed.”

Day 5 
Aug. 15th 2064 08:00

“Now that you have completed your avionics crash course, you’re ready to advance to the next phase,” Sergeant Samuels instructed, “Today you will meet the rest of your crew.”
“Uh, excuse me,” Tucker said, raising his hand, “Sergeant?”
“What is it Tucker.”
“Oh, Um I think that’s supposed to be Colonel to you, Sergeant.”
“Excuse me, sir…what is it Colonel?”
“Oh, that does sound much, much better.”
“Colonel…”
“Oh yeah, keep that Colonel thing going,” Tucker said, followed by an uncomfortable pause, “Okay, um, I thought I was picking the crew.”
“Oh that,” the Sergeant smiled.
“Yeah, that’s kind of what I was thinkin’ too.”
“Did the General happen to say which mission ID number you get to choose your crew for?”
“Uh, that would be a no…I didn’t think I had signed up for more than one fun filled trip to the middle of nowhere land and face aliens and crashed space ships…nope, I’m positive I never signed up for more than one glorious trip to hell!”
“Cass,” Samuels asked, “Didn’t you tell him this was a two year re-enlistment?”
“Gosh, Sarge. I’m sure he would have read all the fine print, before putting pen to paper.”
Tucker drummed his fingers on the table and then looked over at Cass, and gave her a smile, “You’re going to space central with me, aren’t you?”
“Colonel,” Samuels began, folding his arms, “Tucker, I know this is difficult for you to understand, but we need you to do this and we need you to be at your best. That means I pick the crew. The only way we’re going to make it back, if we have any chance in hell when it’s frozen over that is, is to listen to me, and what I have to say to you.”
Tucker moved his cigar butt from one side of his mouth to the other, “Go on, Sarge. I’m listening.”
The sergeant looked over at Cass and then returned to Tucker, “I’m gonna tell him, Captain.”
“Sergeant! You’ll hold your tongue mister!” Cassandra snapped.
“Oh my Captain, did he hit a nerve there?”
“You can court-martial me if you must, but he does deserve to know.”
“This is getting interesting, Sergeant. Do tell…What do I deserve to know?”
“You deserve to know what you’re getting yourself into. Tuck, they can’t make you go. If you don’t start taking me seriously…if you don’t start to use me, and these last few days, to train for this mission, we’re not going to make it. In spite of what you have done in the past.”
“Thank you for your stunning display of confidence. I assure you, I don’t have any intent on making this a one-way trip. I’ll come back from this…but you still haven’t got to the part of what I deserve to know…what?”
Samuels gave a sigh, looked over at Cass once more and received a slight nod in return, “The major’s emergency beacon.”
“I know about the beacon.”
“What you don’t know, is that the beacon isn’t the only signal we’ve received.”
“So, doesn’t that indicate that Gus is alive?”
“Not necessarily.”
“Tuck,” Cass interrupted, “The emergency beacon has been compromised. There is a foreign signal piggy backed on the carrier wave.”
“How’s that possible? Mac said that it was tens of thousands of years old.”
“We don’t know, exactly,” Cass continued, “There is a power source emanating from the site. The signal was generated from a higher intelligence. We noticed it after the disappearance of Salvage-4.”
“What!? You think little green men are walking around and abducting our guys? Come on.”
“Tuck, it must be automated. But I’ll tell you what it’s transmitting.”
“A new chocolate-chip cookie recipe?”
“Tuck, whatever that thing’s doing, it’s transmitting schematics of a new technology.”
“Do we know what it is?”
“No. Our teams are still trying to understand the language, but we think it’s biometric.”
“Bio what?”
“Some kind of biometric. Microchips integrated into living tissue.”
“No way…you’re serious.”
“As a heart attack…Tucker,” Cass said, leaning close to his face, “This is an incredible opportunity for mankind. Just think, we could cure the common cold with a chip inside our head.”
“No more cancer, no more paralysis…little stuff like that?” Tuck asked, puffing his cigar.
“Yes! We’re just now starting to translate.”
“…and if the other side gets this info…”
“We really have no understanding of its potential.”
“So, chances are if this can be used for good…”
“…others will develop weapons,” Cass finished for him.
“Are they…whoever they might be, sending anyone?”
“They are.”
“Now, that makes more sense to me as to why the military is involved…General McKenzie wants to get to the tech before the other side does. Just like in any other thing, we want it first.”
“Tucker you know, just as well as I, that we need to keep balance. If this tech would get into the wrong hands, our international security would be at grave risk.”
“Kind of gives the military a reason to exist, doesn’t it?”
“Tuck, that’s not fair.”
“Sorry, right. Sorry…You’ll have to forgive me for kind of losing my mind over this…I mean, really…we are literally talking about intelligent beings that crashed and somehow, we, in our infinite wisdom and highly technical state that we are in, think we can go out there and capture this tech, after what…four attempts already?”
“That’s just it, Tuck. We can.”
“Somewhere between the tick and the tock, we discovered how to overcome the power this intelligence seem to have on us and every one of our ships that we’ve sent?”
“That’s the interesting piece.”
“Go on…”
“We have discovered a code within the signal. We believe they have provided a sequence of tones that will allow our ship to dock.”
“They just handed us over the password and said here, come on up for a visit?”
“Pretty much.”
“Pretty much as in definitely this is the case, or pretty much as in you really don’t have any idea.”
“We have every reason to believe that they want us to come.”
“So you’re really blowing smoke here.”
“Tuck, that’s why I have to go with you.”
“Oh, here we go again with that…” he turned to the Sergeant, “I thought she was staying here with you.”
“We are staying together.”
“You both are going? Oh man…Cass, I’m not opposed to you going…but the Sarge?
“Thanks for your vote of confidence, Tuck.”
“You’re welcome…and I had nothing to do with your wife,” turning to Cass, “Why does everyone think that about me? I’m not like that.”
“Oh, please…I’m not worried about that, Tuck…not from the likes of you.”
“I still get Cal. He’s the best in computer tech.”
“Thanks Tuck,” Cass said, “I thought I was the best.”
“Well, you know.”
“Samuels, please show the others in. It’s about time you meet the rest of the crew.”
Three officers entered through the door Samuels opened. They marched single file, stopping before Tucker, turned and saluted.
“Lieutenant’s Rothschild, Savage, and Hargrove, reporting for duty, sir!” one of the two women said.
“Which one are you Lieutenant?
“Lieutenant Samantha Rothschild, Pilot and Navigator, Sir!” the jet black haired officer replied. She wore her hair in a short bob cut and was slightly taller than Tucker.
“At ease, Lieutenant. How about you,” he said pointing to the middle officer.
“Lieutenant Melissa Savage reporting, Sir!”
“At ease, all of ya.”
“Thank you, sir!” the short red headed Lieutenant replied, “Special weapons and cargo handling, Sir!”
“And you, Lieutenant?” Tuck asked, pointing at the last officer.
“Lieutenant Ted Hargrove, munitions expert.”
Lieutenant Hargrove was a tall wiry man with short stubby blond hair.
“Very well, then. Cass, when were you going to get around to telling me about these officers that will be accompanying us on our mission?
“We have been training this crew since the disappearance of Salvage-3, but we didn’t want to expose them to you until we had to.”
“Great…you kids just stay here and keep studying. I’ve got a date.”
“Where do you think you’re going, Tuck?”
“Give me a couple of days, I promise to be back. Lord knows you’re going to need me on this mission, and I’ll most likely be saving all your asses on this one.”
“Very funny, Colonel,” Cass smiled.
“Rothschild, ever been to Mexico?”
“No, why do ask sir?”
“I need a pilot. Your first assignment is to take me to a little city south of the boarder, and then wait for us to return.”
“Us?”
“Yeah, I need to spring our computer hacker…meet me on the flight line 0530 tomorrow morning, have your flight plan filed and be ready to go.”
“Yes, sir! I’ll be there Sir!”

Oak Harbor, WA
Crow’s Nest Bar
Aug. 16th 2064 01:30

The music was loud and a crowd had gathered at the front of the bar, where Tucker was telling his war stories. The patrons all shouted words of encouragement to Tucker into drinking more. 
He gave a yell, picked up a shot glass and downed it. Then he slammed it back to the counter, “Wooohooo! Now that’s some good schnapps you got there…Bartender! Where’d ya get such good stock, my man?” Then he picked up two more and downed them just as quickly.
Cass came into the bar, pushing her way inside to the front, then tugged on Tucker’s sleeve, “Come on, Colonel, let’s go home.”
“Oh, weeee!” he yelled, “She wants me to go home with her!”
“No, Tuck! You’re not supposed to drink before the mission.”
“You didn’t actually think that I would abide by that altruistic code, did you?”
“No, that’s why I’m here.”
“Here,” he smiled, picked up a shot and handed it to her, “Take one!”
“No,” Cass answered, pushing his hand away.
“Careful now…you’ll make me spill.”
 “Good…Tuck, we need to go.”
“What’s the matter, Sassy Cassie? Scared?”
“No, it’s just…”
“Go on…it’s just what?”
“Nothing.”
“Come on…take it,” he said placing it in her hand.
Cass looked at Tucker with her big blue eyes, “Come on, Colonel, let’s go…”
“You don’t think you can hold it, do ya!”
“I can hold my liquor just fine. It’s you I worry about.”
“I dare ya.”
“No Tuck.”
“I double dog dare ya.”
She paused, looked into his eyes again, and took the shot in her hand, “If I take this one shot, will you leave?”
“Sure, Cassie…you got it.”
She tipped the shot up to her lips, hesitated for just a moment, downed the powerful elixir, and then slammed the glass on the bar.
“Ahhhh, that does taste good, Tuck,” she managed to say through the fire in her throat. She wiped her lips with the back of her hand just when Tuck picked up another.
“Have another.”
“No, Tucker… You said you’d leave if I took one.”
“I also told you a few days ago, that I’m a liar.”
“Tuck, I can’t!”
“Nonsense, says your commanding officer. Now drink up!”
The next hour went by before they knew it. They had finished two more rounds of shots before the bar closed. Holding each other up, they stumbled down the street.
“Where to mister?” Cass slurred.
“Whattya mean?” Tucker asked, cigar still clenched in his teeth.
“Where can I take you?”
“Don’t you mean, were can I take you?”
“I just said that,” Cass laughed.
“I know. I just like to see you laugh.”
“Not fair, Colonel.”
“Careful, I’ll pull rank on you again.”
“No way, the Sarge won’t allow it.”
“The Sarge is just…well…the Sarge.”
The two fell to the ground laughing hysterically when the military police pulled up, “Is there a problem here?”
“Why no ocifer, nothing wrong at all…but I think we forgot how to walk.”
“Colonel, Captain. Sorry, I didn’t realize it was you.”
“That’s alright, sonny,” Tuck answered, “Say, do you know where we can get a drink around this town?”
“I think you’ve had enough already, sir. Besides, it’s after 0330, everything’s closed.”
“Damn. Cause I could really use another drink…do you know where they’re sending me in five days?”
“Shhhhh,” Cass said, raising her finger to his lips, “That’s classified.”
“Is there someplace I can take you two?”
“Can you take us to Mexico?” He turned to Cass as he began to lift himself off the ground “Do you want to go to Mexico with me?”
Cass just fell back to the ground laughing.
“Never mind her, ocifers, she’s had a little too much,” he winked.
“I can’t take you to Mexico, but can take you to the base.”
“Jolly good idea, my man. To the flight line,” he pointed with his finger in no particular direction.
“Come on you two, let’s go now,” the military police motioned.
“Why the flight line, Tuck?” Cass asked, stumbling back to her feet.
“’Cause I ordered Rothschild to meet me on the flight line. This way I won’t miss my flight. You’re coming with me, aren’t you Cass?”
“No, Tuck…I can’t come to Mexico with you. I have more mission stuff to do.”
“Boring…” Tuck snickered, “You’ll have much more fun with me…this I know for sure.”
“I’m sure I would, Tuck…but no.”
“Damn.”

Chapter 4

Day 6 
Aug. 16th 2064 05:30


Tucker was awakened by a very annoyed woman, shaking him back to consciousness. His head pounding, “What time is it?”
“It’s oh-five-thirty, just like you said,” Lieutenant Rothschild answered, “Come on, get up. How bad is it Tucker?”
“Bad,” Tucker whispered, “And do you mind holding it down?”
“Sir, you’re in no shape to be flying.”
“You’re flying, I’m just a passenger.”
 “You’re drunk.”
“Yep, that’s kind of the desired effect I was looking for…so how bad do I smell?”
“Sir?”
“Are you hard of hearing Lieutenant?  I asked, how do I smell?”
“I’m not hard of hearing, but that’s a rather odd question, sir.”
“Eh, don’t worry yourself over it.”
“Okay, then you don’t smell so good either.”
Tucker lifted himself to his feet, still reeling from the effects of the whisky only a few hours ago, “Did you get my text last night?”
“Yes, and our flight plan is filed for San Miguel de Allende, just as you ordered.”
“There’s no airport for seventy-miles of that city, so that’s where I filed to.”
Tucker gave a sigh, “We don’t need an airport…Harrier-4 GR7.”
“I know what the Harrier is, VTOL, Vertical Takeoff and Landing, sir.” Samantha answered, placing her hands on her hips, “It not regulation to land anywhere…”
“Ta hell with the regs, Lieutenant. Cancel the flight plans, we don’t need one of those anyway.”
“Si...”
“Are you with me or not, Lieutenant?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good. Just remember to follow my orders, no matter how difficult you may think it is…training for later, if you know what I mean.”
“Sir, I’m ready for our mission.”
“Good, are you ready for this mission?”
“I don’t quite understand, sir.”
“No biggie,” Tuck said, lighting his cigar, “I’ll tell you all about my plan on the way, ‘cause I’m thinking that this five-hour flight may get a wee bit boring.”  
“From what I have heard, sir, this trip will be anything but boring.”
“She’s been equipped with stealth, right?”
“Yes, sir. She’s all set.”
“Great, let’s get prepped and underway. We only have a few days before we leave.”
“So where’s our extra passenger going to fit, sir?”
“Oh, hey look. I think I got some extra room up here. He can sit between my legs.”
“Sir!”
“What? I’m not kidding, two skinny guys can sit here just fine.”
“You haven’t seen Calvin in a long time, have you?”
“No, it’s been a few years.”
“Well, you might want to reconsider.”
“Okay, he can have my seat and I’ll sit between your legs. Problem solved,” Tuck smiled.
“Cass was right about you.”
“Don’t believe everything you hear Lieutenant.”
“She said you were incorrigible.”
“I do my best.”
Sam shook her head in disbelief and fired up the jets engines and completed her pre-flight check list, “Oak Harbor ground control, 5752Wisky-Alfa.”
“What are you doing, Lieutenant?”
“I’m calling the tower for taxi and take off instructions.”
Tucker depressed his button, “Oak Harbor, control. Disregard 5752Wisky-Alfa’s request. This is Colonel Tucker Petersen, Commander of Salvage-5. We are departing the airfield now.”
“Sir?”
“Go on now…take us up, Lieutenant.”
“I don’t understand, sir.”
Tucker grabbed the control stick and gave the craft full power, raising the nose in the air, “You’re a pilot, right?”
“Yes, sir.” 
“Then fly this thing, already.”
The Lieutenant took over the takeoff and flew down the airbase and sped off into the sky.
“You’ll catch on soon enough,” Tuck laughed, “Flying with the Salvage-5 commander does have its privileges.”

Mexico
San Miguel de Allende 
Aug. 16th 2064 13:00 local time

Lieutenant Rothschild sat the Harrier-4 GR7 softly and undetected a mile outside of town. She powered down the engines and raised the canopy for some fresh air. Dirt and dust flew into the air, causing her to choke and cough. There was one single dirt road into town from here.
“Tuck… Tuck… wake up, we’re here.”
The groggy Colonel lifted his eye lids to the hot sun beaming down on them, “You tryn’ to get me sunburned? How long we been down?”
“Less than five minutes.” 
“Okay,” Tuck said, climbing down the side of the jet, “We need to get this bird covered, changed and ready for the show tonight.”
“What show?”
“You’ll see, Lieutenant.”
“Better just call me Sam when we’re in town.”
 “Promised to make this trip interesting, and I will deliver…just follow my lead and you’ll do fine.”
“How are we getting to town, Colonel?”
“If I get to call you Sam, you had better not call me Colonel.”
“Sorry…Tuck.”
“We walk.”
“In this hot sun?”
“Give me a break, here.”
“Tonight, when I give you the signal. I want you to get back to the Harrier and watch for our return.”
“What’s the signal?”
“Oh, I think you’ll know it when I give it.”
“Huh uh. I suppose there is some truth to that.”
“I also would advise that you have the bird prepped and ready. If I’m not back in twelve hours from now, get out. Get back to the base.”
“Oh no, sir…Tuck. That’s one order I can’t obey sir.”
“You’d face court-martial?”
“You bet I would, sir. I’m not leaving you behind, I’m all or nothing.”
Tucker laughed, “Sam, you’re my kind of people. We’ll be just fine. I’m pretty sure.”
“Pretty sure as in your positive, or pretty sure, you have no idea?”
“Hey, you stole my line.”
“Yes, I did.”
“I’m honored,” Tuck said, pressing his hands on his heart, “Come on, let’s get this bird secured and into town.”
“Tuck, you’re nothing like I had ever expected. I don’t know what everyone else is saying, but you’re really not a bad guy.”
“You’ve not seen me drunk.”
“Will I?”
“Highly probable.”
“I think our trip is about to become more eventful.”
“I am certain.”

Small roof-top bar
Aug. 16th 2064 23:00 local time

Tucker and Sam sat at a quiet roof top bar on the outside of town. A bad mariachi band tried to play in the background. The noise irritated Tucker, but he had to endure this, even though he hated Mexican music, it was part of the plan.
“So,” Samantha asked, swirling her glass of neatly served Tequila, “How do you plan on bailing Calvin out of the local holding cell?”
“Bailing?” Tuck said, before filling another shot, “Who said anything about bailing?”
“Tuck.”
“No, really. Bailing someone out implies that I have money, and you don’t want anyone thinking that I have money in this town…nope not a good idea.”
“Then how are you getting him out?”
“Patients, you must have, my apprentice.”
“Was that a Yoda impression?” Sam laughed.
“Impression it was, a good one, it was not,” Tucker said in his best Yoda voice.
“You make me laugh, Tuck. I haven’t heard anyone do that for years,” she gazed into his eyes, smiled, and then she took her finger and twirled her hair in circles.
Tuck, straightening up in his chair, “Oh, now wait a minute Lieut…Sam,” he whispered.
“What’s the matter, Tuck? Come on, it’ll be fun.”
“No, no…now you wait one second…and don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, and don’t think for a second that I wouldn’t be interested, but we just can’t do that…not here…not now.”
“Ah, Tuck,” Sam frowned, “Why not? This Tequila is…”
“You never mind that right now…” great, he thought, a pilot who can’t hold her liquor, “I’m about to launch my plan,” he said, taking the drink from her hand, “I think you’ve had enough of this…wow…so you just remember, when I make my move, you get out of here and back to the bird. Give me about twelve hours and we should be getting close.”
Samantha grabbed her drink back and held it up to her cheek.
Tucker lifted his glass and then poured another shot of the elixir the waiter brought them.  Lifting it to his lips, he downed the glass and immediately poured another and began lifting it when Sam stopped him.
“Maybe you should slow down too mister.”
“Not on your life.”
“How come you get to drink and I don’t?”
“Because you’re flying us out of here in twelve hours.”
“So, I can drink for at least four more hours.”
“Nope, ‘cause you’re leaving in a minute.” He downed the shot, “That one was for the pain,” he poured another and downed it before she could stop him, “Another for the pain,” and then filled the shot once more.
“Wow, Tuck. Slow down? Pain? I never knew you to be in pain.”
“It’s for the pain I’m about to endure.”
“What are you talking about, Tuck?”
“Watch and learn, my young apprentice.”
He stood and took the full shot glass with him, and wandered over to another table full of Mexican men. Sam could hear him whisper something to the men at the table and then doused one with the shot.
The other man shot up and punched him in the jaw, sending Tucker stumbling backward. He crashed into their table and then to the floor.
“See,” Tucker said, looking up at Sam, “I told you it was about to get a lot more interesting.”
The man barely let him finish, before taking him by the collar and back to his feet, only to hit him back down to the floor by the other man’s fist, who’s hands where the size of iron skillets.
The entire bar erupted with several more men entering into the fray, slugging and swinging wildly. The Mariachi band never skipped a beat during the brawl.
Sam, sitting unscathed and holding the rest of her drink, lifted it and sucked it all down before tossing the glass at the man who threw the first punch, sending him down to the ground.
She nervously exited the bar, leaving Tuck behind, knowing this was her signal. 
“Tucker, you sure have a funny way of planning jail breaks.”

Local jail
Aug. 17th 2064 01:30 local time

Tucker was escorted, handcuffed in the front, by a local officer. The Policia opened the jail cell and shoved him inside. The door rolled closed and latched with a clunk. 
“You just sleep it off, amigo,” the jailer said, “I’ll come back for you in a few hours.”
Tucker slumped down against the brick wall and fell asleep.
The other man in the cell turned over and began to snore loudly. Tuck wasn’t the least bit disturbed by the man’s snoring, and slept like a baby for several hours.

Jail Cell
Aug. 17th 2064 07:30 local time

The other man occupying the cell with Tuck rolled over, not being able to take the awful noise his new roomie was making, “Hey!”
Nothing… “Hey Mister!”
Again, Tuck didn’t respond. The man got up and kicked the man on the leg, “Hey mister. Wake up already…wait…Tuck?”
“Who’s asking,” Tuck said with his eyes still shut.
“Tucker Petersen! It is you, you ol’ dog you.”
“Cal?”
“In the flesh…so, what the hell did you do to get yourself locked up in here with me?”
“Sam was right. You have put on the weight.”
“Hey, I can still get the job done…and we’re not talking about too much. I made a couple of good scores last year and been living a little high on the hog, so to speak.”
“A little?”
Cal just gave him a look with his eyes, “So tell me what you did?”
“I started a little fight.”
“Always the smart ass, huh.”
“It was all part of the plan.”
“Uh huh, sure it was…so, what’s your plan now?”
“Why don’t we start by you telling me why you’re here?” Tuck asked, sitting upright, “Ow, oh man…”
“What’s the matter, Tuck? You had a few too many?”
“Something like that. Either that or it’s the pounding I took to get me here.”
“Tuck, I need to tell you what I have. It’s imperative that we get out of here.”
“Cal? You actually sound scared. What happened?”
“I’ve been tracking this strange chatter on the secure airwaves.”
“Signal?” Tuck asked, not trying to sound too excited.
“Something from one of the Asteroids out there. We’re missing several ships and now…now there’s this signal, sending detailed blueprints of some kind of technology.”
“What else?”
“Isn’t that enough in itself?”
“I just know there’s more to this story…next you’ll be saying that little green men from outer space have abducted our guys.”
“They have.”
“What are you saying, Cal?”
“When I was tracking the signal, I traced it back to a monastery high in the mountains from this quaint little town here. The word on the street was, they were close to breaking the language and would be building this tech.”
“Sounds too much like Science Fiction to me, but go on.”
“Well, I sort of miscalculated when the good people were home.”
“You got caught, didn’t you.”
“Yes. It was a real bugger too. I had the data at my fingertips. It was on the screen, but when I put my thumb drive in the slot, the computer shut down and sounded a very annoying alarm.”
“Thumb drive…why the hell would you use such an antiquated piece of technology. You could have sent it to your wireless.”
“It’s a monastery, I didn’t think they had wireless…it was lucky enough that they had a thumb drive slot.”
“Why would these monks be so interested in this signal?”
“That’s what I asked too. Seems this tech is some kind of bio chip that can be inserted into our heads. Actual chips grow out and into our cerebral cortex. Tuck we can program this chip to cure sickness.”
“These people want to get rich selling this…that’s what this is all about.”
“Perhaps, Tuck. But I think they were already in contact with the Vatican…and I think they were instructed to just turn it over quietly.”
“What about their data?”
“It was destroyed. I guess my thumb drive caused their old computer to crash. I memorized the info on the screen. I was going to make my getaway and planned on getting rich. That’s when the alarms all went off.”
“Go figure.”
“Yep. So here I am. Rotting in this cell until they figure out what they want to do with me…so how did you happen to end up in the same exact jail cell as me? I’m an awful long way from the beaten path.”
“I heard you were in a little bit of trouble.”
“So you thought you’d come down here and bail me out?”
“Bail? Why does everyone think I’m made of money over here.”
“If you’re not bailing me out, then why are you here Tuck?”
He reached into the inside of his boot and pulled out two sticks of dynamite, held them up, one in each cuffed hand, “You just made bail.”
“Tuck!” Cal whispered in excitement, “Are you crazy?!”
“People have said...”
“Now wait a minute, Tuck. You can’t just go around blowing holes in the side of a jail.”
“Watch me,” Tuck answered with a smile and cigar popping out of his teeth.
“How did ja’ get those in here anyway?”
“Security sucks.”
Tuck placed the two sticks in the rotting brick under the window of the cell. The sun beamed down on his face, “What time is it anyway?”
“It must be getting on eight, judging on the sun.”
“Wow, okay. We have to hurry.”
“Tuck, don’t do this,” Cal urged.
He took his cigar and puffed the small coal inside and blew a large plume. He took each fuse and held the cigar to them, immediately causing them to shoot sparks.
 “Here help me with this mattress, get under.”
“I don’t like this, Tuck. What are you doing?”
“We’re going to go rescue our guys from the little green men.”
“Come on, Tuck!”
“No really…trust me…it’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’m afraid of. I trusted you once and was sorry.”
“That was a long time ago. Now hold on. Ready, set…any time now…”
The fuse sizzled down inside the packed powder making a large exposition. Rocks and debris riddled the cell floor and mattress. They tossed it off and crawled out the hole in the cell the dynamite had left.
“Come, on. Come on, Come on,” Tucker said hurriedly. 
Cal couldn’t quite fit through by himself, so Tuck began pulling his arms. When he popped out, Tuck fell backward into the street where he knocked a man off his motorcycle as he was driving by. The man fell to the ground and yelled several Spanish cuss words.
“Take the bike,” Tuck yelled, “In front. You steer and clutch…I’ll shift and do the gas.”
“Tuck, you’re more nuts than I first thought!”
The two got on the bike, Cal depressed the clutch while Tuck put it in first gear with his foot, “Here they come, pop the clutch!”
Cal obeyed and let the clutch go, sending the bike into a wheelie as Tuck gave too much throttle. 
“Easy Tuck!”
“Sorry.”
Tuck and Cal managed to shift into second and then third as they made their way down the snaking cobbled streets with the enticing smells of roasted corn, tacos and churros assailing them at every turn. 
“Wow.”
“What now, Tuck?”
“I’m hungry, can you steer us a little closer to one of those cafes? I can grab us a snack.”
“Forget it, Tuck.”
“You’re right, keep going. Take a right up here.”
The bike turned down the road as several police cars gave chase to the two fugitives, making their way down the dirt road and out of town.
The wind in their face, and moving along at a fairly quick pace, they began hearing bullets fly past their heads.
“They’re shooting at us Tuck!”
“Start weaving, they’re not such a good shot!”
“How much further?”
“Just around the next turn, about a quarter mile, Get ready to ditch the bike.”
“Ditch?!”
“Just follow my lead!”
“Tuuuuuker! I’m gonna kill yooooou!”
Sam heard the speeding bike approaching and then heard the dings of bullets hitting the Harrier, “Tucker! What the hell has he done now?” She ran to the ladder on the side to climb in when she was struck in the leg by one of the stray bullets.
Yelling out in pain, she moved to the cockpit and began firing up the avionics and quickly turned on her gun turrets.
Tucker and Cal tipped their bike sideways and quickly slid to a stop just before the jet, they scrambled to the ladder, sending Cal up first.
“Tucker!” Sam yelled, “I can’t fly, I’ve been shot in the leg!”
“Great…were cuffed. Cal, you squeeze in with Lieutenant Rothschild here, and I’ll fly the stick. Sam, arm your missile…”
“Missile!”
“Trust me on this… When I lift off, fire just before their lead car.”
Not waiting any longer, he blasted the vertical lift engine to full throttle and lifted the bird off the ground. Sam fired the weapon as instructed. 
The pursuers, seeing the jet taking off out of a cloud of dust, had already veered off the road. The missile missed everyone, but lifted a significant amount of dirt and debris into the air, enough to distract them into cease firing. The jet became fully airborne and screamed out of sight.
 “Whew, that was close,” Tucker said.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Sam yelled, “You almost got us all killed.”
“But I didn’t, now did I.”
“No, but…”
“Sorry about your leg, how bad is it?”
Sam had managed to wrap a scarf around the wound, stopping the bleeding, “The bullet is still in there, I’m going to need surgery.”
“Damn.”
“Will you be alright until we get back?”
“Yeah, I think so. But let’s push her to the limits. I’d rather get there sooner than later.”
“Got anything to take these cuffs off with?”
“Yeah, right. I come equipped with keys to handcuffs.”
“How about a hairpin?”
She pulled one out of her hair that held her ponytail in place and reached behind him with it.
“Perfect, thanks. Can you take the stick for a moment while I get these off?”
“Got it, Tucker,” 
Tucker made quick work of the cuffs and then had Cal reach his hands back, and Tuck removed his as well.
“You both mind telling me what the hell’s going on?”
“You didn’t tell him, Tuck?”
“Not yet.”
“Tuck!”
“Well, sort of…he already knows about the signal.”
Tuck briefed his friend during the rest of the flight back to the base.



Chapter 5

General McKenzie’s office
Day 8
Aug. 18th 2064 08:00


Tucker sat alone and across from the General, who was pacing behind his desk, “What the hell were you thinking Colonel!?”
“What? My plan worked.”
“Let me count the ways: You nearly got yourselves killed, I have a wounded pilot and we don’t even know if she can make the mission now, and you created an international incident!!”
“General…”
“Don’t General me, Tuck! The only reason you’re here and not in the brig is because you’re leaving in four days, and there isn’t anyone else qualified to command the new Salvage-5 ship!”
“Mac…”
“Don’t interrupt me, Tucker! And stop calling me that!” steam could almost be seen escaping from the General’s ears.
“Cal was necessary. I needed him on this trip. His computer experience is beyond anyone else’s, and he has a photographic memory.”
“Calvin was going to be turned over to you. All you had to do was show up, show your ID and they would have released him to you…right there…easy peasy.”
“Well, what fun is that General?”
“Tucker!”
“General! You never told me that I could do that now did you! And let me tell you a thing or two!”
“Oh really?! What else could you possibly tell me that I don’t already know?”
“I know that Calvin knows about the signal. I know Calvin was tracking it…how in the hell do you think I knew where he was?”
“Go on,” the General said, pulling out his chair and sitting at his desk.
“Cal and I. We go way back. I’ve kept my tab on him over the years. I have my sources…and don’t even ask…but I thought it was kind of strange that Cal was flying to this remote city in the mountains. I asked myself, why would Calvin be going to this monastery, surely it wasn’t that he wanted to become a monk. Then I did a little more digging and found out that your little signal, which I already knew about by the way, was being requested by a very high power, besides our own United Territories of Land and Space.”
“What else do you know?”
“I know that our Ukraine friends want this technology and they want it in a bad way. The Vatican, for crying out loud, wants this technology…but I assure you, they’re not interested in curing the common cold either…they want this technology suppressed.”
“What are you saying Tuck? I understand the very real threat of making this technology into weapons. Believe me, it would not be good if they get to the asteroid first. But why do you think the Catholic Church wants to suppress this?”
“It’s about money.”
“Money?”
“Yes, have you been keeping up with the national market of investors? You see how much they have invested in pharmaceutical companies? No, they don’t want us to be well…why would they keep pouring money into these corporations if this new chip could save them…no pun intended, I assure you, it didn’t add up until Cal told me in the jail cell that the Vatican wanted the deciphered data turned over quietly. They could have made all kinds of claims that they could heal all our infirmities and gained millions of new parishioners. Instead they want this delivered quietly…no, they have something even more diabolical planned for this chip. Don’t you see, they can keep their grimy little paws deep in the drug companies and make mass amounts of money, and they can make even more using this chip to inflict diseases, so they’ll have to buy more drugs.”
“Hmmmm, what you are saying sounds like a bunch of hogwash, Tuck. And how long did you know about this anyway? You knew the first time I came to my office, didn’t you!”
“Well, yes…but I needed to see how much you knew…But I didn’t know about the crashed alien ship…That still freaks me out a little.”
“Tucker! If you ever pull a stunt like this again…”
“General, how bad do you want this tech? I’m telling you. This was necessary…they weren’t going to release Calvin to me. They were going to lock us both up…remember who’s involved and you’ll realize I had to do it my way.”
“Just get out of my office, Tucker! Get back to your training…I’ve got a huge mess to clean up after you!”

Day 10
Aug. 20th 2064 15:00 

“Well sir,” Lieutenant Hargrove said, “That’s all of it. I’ve got enough munitions and firearms on board and stowed.”
“What about our personal side arms, when do we get ‘em?” Tucker asked the Lieutenant, “And how much is enough...really?”
“Enough to get the job done, sir…and your weapons will arrive on the next transport.”
“Enough as in enough to light up the entire island?”
“Enough as in enough to light up the entire Puget Sound basin enough…sir.”
“Very good. I like you, Hargrove.”
“Thank you sir.”
Lieutenant Rothschild hobbled up the thirty foot wide ramp on crutches, “Hey, Tuck.”
“Hey, Lieutenant. How you feeling? No hard feelings right?”
“About what? The sleeping with me no hard feelings or the I got shot by the Mexican Policia no hard feelings?”
Hargrove swatted the Colonel on the arm, “Tucker, you dog! Your reputation does precede you.”
“I didn’t sleep with her…geeez, what’s a guy to do around here, everyone always taking me the wrong way.”
“Sorry, Tucker…you might as well come out with the truth on this one,” Sam smiled with a wink.
Tucker sighed and placed his hands on his hips, “Okay, you’re gonna make me tell him, huh?”
Hargrove looked intently at the Colonel with great expectation.
“That’s right Colonel. Why don’t you go ahead and tell the Lieutenant what really happened?”
“Sorry, Hargrove. It’s classified,” Tuck giggled.
“Colonel!”
“Okay, okay…the…” turning to Sam, “You really want me to tell him?”
“Yes, Tuck. Go ahead.”
“Sam here, uh, Lieutenant Rothschild, had a little too much to drink and came on to me.”
“I see,” Hargrove smiled, waiting for more, “What else?”
“Nothing else.”
“Whattya mean nothing else?”
 “Just what I said, Hargrove.”
“Sam,” Hargrove whined 
She looked at Tuck, “Why not keep him in the dark?”
“Lieutenant, are you bucking for a promotion to Captain?”
“Anything I can do to advance my career.”
“Come on guys…totally not fair!” Hargrove protested.
“Sorry, Hargrove. Like I said, it’s classified and you haven’t earned access just yet.
Sam winked at Tucker and then smiled at Hargrove, “Colonel, I came to bring you bad news.”
“Oh? About your leg?”
“Yeah, the doctor won’t release me for duty.”
“So you can’t be my pilot?”
“Right. I really wanted to go too, Tuck.”
“Let me see what I can do, Lieutenant.”
“Fifteen days is a long time to let me heal, and with the zero gravity, I’ll actually heal quicker.”
“Who’s care are you under, anyway?”
“Dr. Rhodes.”
“Hey, guys,” Lieutenant interrupted, “I’ll be back in a few minutes. Going for my last little trick,” then he smiled and skipped down the ramp and trotted to the nearby hanger.
 Tucker took his data pad out of his jacket pocket and looked up the doctor in the bases directory. Then called his listed wireless number using his headset.
“Doctor Rhodes? Yeah, Colonel Petersen. Clear your calendar for the next couple of months and get your tail down to the Salvage-5 flight line…on the double! Whattya mean, no?...Listen Mister, I out rank you…no…the last time I checked, birds were higher than majors…Better start packing, you’ve just been drafted…no…this is not up for debate…Talk to General McKenzie if you don’t believe me.”
Then tucker looked at the data pad, “He hung up on me.”
“Huh,” Sam said, “He’s usually pretty nice to me…what did you do to piss him off?”
“Oh, I don’t know…maybe it was the thing with…no, that couldn’t be it.”
“What Tucker.”
“Nothing, nothing at all. Oh, look. It’s the General calling. I wonder what he wants?”
Tucker tapped the side of his headset, “General? To what do I owe this unexpected call? What’s that? He did, huh,” Tucker grabbed his mic and whispered, “Rhodes called him…go figure? General, there are two things in life I need right now. Number one, I need Lieutenant Rothschild on this mission. Our good doctor Rhodes won’t release her for active duty. So, the second thing is that he gets to come along for the ride. The Major can continue to care for his patient that way, and provide the mission with some valuable skills. ‘Sides, I do think we’ll need a good doctor…what’s that? No, I’m not expecting lots of casualties, some yes…But Dr. Rhodes is one of our leading researchers in Bio technology…General, he’s coming…no…you’ll need to call him back and let him know…yes…no General…” Tuck grabbed his mic again, “Stubborn…Jeez….General…let me put it to you straight…no Sam, er, Captain…no Doctor Rhodes…no Colonel Petersen…what’s that? Did I say Captain? Yes, you did hear me right, she’s earned her bars…effective as soon as you call Rhodes back and get his tail down here…tell him to double time it just for good measure. What’s that? Sure there’s plenty of room on board...if Calvin and the Captain can squeeze into the front seat of a Harrier, then I can fit eight on a ship that holds seven…’sides, I’ve already made arrangements for the women to bunk together…they’ll have fun, just like college…thank you General…”
Tucker terminated the call link, “Sheesh, what’s it take to get anything done around here.”
Sam was both elated with the news she heard Tucker tell the General, but also was miffed that he expected her to bunk with Cass, He expects me to bunk with her? She thought, that’s not gonna happen, “Tuck, did I just hear you right? Captain?”
“Yes, congratulations. ‘Sides, you proved yourself on my little mission. I need you at the helm tomorrow morning. Are you up for it…Captain?”
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world, Tuck, er, Colonel.”
Their feet began to vibrate and then they heard the sound of metal clanking as if a large metallic creature was descending upon the Salvage-5.
Tuck ran down the ramp while Sam hobbled on her crutches, only to see an eight foot tall metal walking mechanical machine approach. The arms had grippers for hands, and long tubes running the length of the mechanical machine’s forearms. As the machine got closer, they noticed that Lieutenant Hargrove was standing inside, protected by a canopy that he raised up. The machine continued to clomp toward them, finally stopping just before the ramp.
“Hey guys, like my new toy?”
“What the devil is this thing, and did you account for its weight and mass for all our calculations?”
“Yes sir, Colonel. She’s an experimental MECH. Fitted with the ability to move very large objects and comes equipped with three rail guns coming down each arm. It’s also equipped with two missiles banks, she holds six,” he made a couple of gestures and two rockets lowered from each of the Mech’s sides, pointing directly at Salvage-5.
“Just don’t be pointing those things at me,” turning to Sam, “I like this guy.”
“The suit is also airtight and can replace your vacuum suit. It’s also armor plated and the bubble top is made of diamond glass, completely weapons proof.”
“Where you gonna park this thing, and, oh how I want to drive this.”
“It’s real easy, sir. I’m harnessed in and standing. My feet are clipped on the actuators for the feet as well as my arms. Each hand has half the keyboard for easy commanding. You just walk or run, even swing in an upper-cut. Stand clear, I’ll walk it up the ramp. It’s got a stall at the very rear cargo compartment. You can enter and exit from the aft cargo second level. Since the thing is in a secured bay, it can be launched from below instead of having to open the rear door.”
“How convenient, get her on up there then. The rest of the team will be here in a couple of hours for our final check and debrief. The Captain here will show you the way inside, Lieutenant. Oh and by the way…nice job on sourcing this little piece of equipment…what you call it?”
“Captain? Wow, I can’t be gone 10 minutes without missing something…and it’s called a MECH, short for Mechanized Environmental Contained Housing.”
“Cool…” Tucker said, puffing his short stubbed cigar.
“You know you can’t take those with us, Tuck,” Sam said.
“Wanna make a bet?”

Day 10
Aug. 20th 2064 17:00 

Cass, Samuels, and the rest arrived at the Salvage-5’s cargo bay at precisely 5:00pm. Each was issued a side arm that was a small rail gun configuration. The General had also arrived to give his speech to the crew.
“Rail Gun, huh,” Tuck shrugged, “So how does this work?”
“Simple,” Hargrove explained, “The rail gun fires a single round shot via a magnetized short rail. No need for gun powder on these babies. The magnetic properties allow for extremely quick rapid fire. Each round is shot out twice the velocity of regular firearms.”
“Twice as deadly?” Cass asked.
“Yes, these rounds are meant to explode on impact, and cause a shower of metal shrapnel. It can penetrate the strongest armor we have.”
“Note: that we have…because we know nothing of the tech these…aliens…or whatever they are, that we find out there have…they may have better defenses as well as better munitions,” Tuck said, inspecting his long handheld pistol.
“Each clip, if you will, hold 50 rounds. We can squeeze more in since we don’t need casings with powder explosions.”
“And from what I hear, Sam knows all about squeezing into tight places,” Hargrove quipped.
“Zip it Lieutenant,” General McKenzie said, “And that’s Captain to you.”
“Yes, sir…sorry sir.”
“General, you have to admit that was funny.”
The General simply gave Tucker a look, then stood before the assembly, “Gentlemen, and Ladies…in less than ten hours you will be departing Earth on an epic mission of grand proportions.”
“Uh, General…we got that…It’s big…thanks though,” Tucker said.
General McKenzie gave Tucker another glance, and then returned to finish his address, “Failure is not an option. You must get to Asteroid 15- Eunomia. Once you gain access to the alien vessel, secure the data and technology. Rescue any of our survivors, and then blow the place. Let me emphasize, your primary mission is to secure the technology. Then and only then will you recover any survivors. Before you turn out the lights, set every one of your payloads, and get the hell back to Earth.”
 Tucker began clapping, “I’m not finished!”
“Oh, sorry, ah General…just trying to cheer the crew on.”
“I came down here to give you my deepest gratitude for your service. The very survival of our race depends on you eight crewmen. I know you will do your very best and will make all of us proud.”
Silence…then the General turned to Tucker, “okay, I’m done now,” he whispered.
“Oh right…let’s hear it for General McKenzie,” he said, now clapping.
The rest of the flight crew entered in as the General exited the cargo bay, “And put that thing out, Tucker.”
“Thank you for coming General…see you in about six weeks… … …love you…bye, bye now…Cass, button this tub up. I want everyone in the pilot house ASAP for my mission briefing.”
The crew hurried about their final stowing of their gear, while Cass engaged the heavy duty hydraulics that would raise the bay door closed.
Tucker took his seat on the right side of the cockpit, Sam carefully sat in the left seat as pilot, and winced slightly.
“Captain, are you sure you’re up to this?” Tucker asked.
“She’s fine,” Cass answered Tuck, seated to his right.
“I think I can answer for myself, Cass…I’m fine Tuck.” Jeez I’m glad I got Calvin to bunk with Tucker.
Hargrove took his seat next to Sam on her left. Dr. Rhodes, Samuels, and Lieutenant Savage were seated to the rear of the first four. Cal strapped to a jump seat in Tucker’s cabin.
Everyone’s in place and plugged in sir,” Sam reported.
“Cal, isolate our ship for a few minutes…you know…so we can have some privacy.”
“Sure, thing Colonel.”
“Oh yeah, and we’re on mission countdown now, so you can all call me commander from here on out.”
“Tuck, Commander,” Calvin reported, “All set, no one can hear.”
“Great…now let me get one thing straight here…and I think I will have the support of everyone here. Our people, if they are alive, have our highest priority, tech and babble all secondary.”
The crew applauded the move of the commander with cheers, “Alright, knock it off already. I kid you not…this mission will tax everyone to the max. It’s not going to be a picnic. There are serious challenges, so enough of the horseplay. Cass, what’s our current count to 0200?”
“Commander, we are eight hours and fifteen minutes from launch.”
“Let’s be clear, we will obtain the tech. Calvin here can memorize the data if we are unable to retain the core of this, or whatever this is…Cass, Calvin, your primary job when we arrive is making sure you terminate that tractor that seems to be taking over our ships, get us inside. Once we land, the good Doctor, Lieutenant Hargrove, the Sarge, and I will investigate the complex, and find our people.”
“If they’re alive,” Cass said.
“I am confident they are Captain…keep your hopes up. Melissa and Cass, your job will be to get in there and find where the tech is. Cal, I’ll need you to stay on the ship with Sam and connect to us via our wireless. Once they find a terminal, or a place to set up, she’ll follow your instructions for the download.” 
“It’s a good plan, Commander,” Sam looked over and smiled.
“Okay, with the exception of Sam, who’s going to be busy with our final atmosphere to orbit calculations and checking and recheck our avionics, everyone else get ready for drills. Yes, you got that right, our Sergeant will be leading them today…and that means you too, Cal…I want everyone flight suit protocol, with collars, in seven hours. Helmets not necessary for departure, as long as they are stowed close by.”
“Now move it you nuggets!” the Sergeant bellowed with glee, “Thank you Tuck. I’m going to enjoy this.”
“Jeez, where did this come from?” Hargrove complained.
Cass leaned over to the Lieutenant and whispered, “You’ve only seen the retired side, now he’s getting into military mode.”
“Ah, I see,” he whispered back, unbuckling his harness. 
“You think he was crazy before? You ain’t seen nothing yet,” Cass winked.

Day 11
Aug. 21st 2064 02:00 

The Salvage-5 crew had all returned to their assigned seats in the pilot control deck. The ships preflight check-out completed with no errors; they were ready to takeoff and begin their fifteen day journey to the Asteroid 15 Eunomia.
“Alright people, look alive,” Tuck announced, “Pilot, are you’re systems ready?”
“Yes, sir, All systems green. Ion turbine engines and thrusters online. Avionics green.”
“Navigation check,” Tuck asked.
“Navigational gyros engaged, prepared for orbital sequence. Course set and verified,” Cass reported.
“Pilot, you are green for takeoff, begin your ascent to five-thousand feet and hold…tower, this is Salvage-5, we are underway…lights out…and departing area.”
“This is tower control,” the radio squawked in their headsets, “You are cleared. Proceed to mission ready status.”
“Why are these missions always at this hour anyway,” Tuck asked, “Never mind, tower. See you in six weeks. Salvage-5 out.”
“Good luck Salvage-5.”
The ship gracefully lifted off the ground. Sam retracted the lower landing skids and raised the ship to the target altitude.
“Five-thousand feet and holding, Commander.”
“Okay, engage first target coordinates, take us into orbit, Captain.”
“Oh yeah…to orbit baby,” Sam said with a smile on her face. She punched the forward thrusters, sending everyone into their seats with five G’s of force.
“Yeah, good… she yelled. I’ve been waiting for this moment, Tuck, er, Commander.”
“Yeah, fine Sam,” Tucker said with wide eyes, “Just take it a little easier next time, shall we?”
“No problem commander.”
The ship quickly raced into a high orbit above Earth in less than ten minutes, “Standard obit, commander,” Sam reported.
“Radio base control and let them know we are proceeding to secondary coordinates.”
“Confirmed, sir. Clear to proceed to secondary target.”
“Navigation, engage secondary target.”
“Target locked, Mag-ring is in run up.”
“Pilot, engage secondary,” Tuck looked over at Sam, “What exactly is a Mag-ring?”
“Oh, that? See, you don’t know everything.”
“Sounds intriguing, though. I’d kind of like to know before we arrive…which is how long from now?”
“Ten minutes to the jump-ring.”
“The wha?”
“The Mag-ring creates a huge magnetic field within the ring, which is what we are going to be flying through.”
“That’s a big magnet.”
“What it does when we pass through, causes us to jump to our maximum flight speed sending us to our target in fifteen days, as opposed to six weeks.”
“I see. What if you miss?”
“I won’t miss. I’ve made the simulator every time I tried.”
“Simulator?”
“Relax Tuck,” Cass said from behind, “It’ll be fun, wait and see.”
“Yeah, I can hardly wait.”
“We’re coming up on the Mag-ring now, Commander.”
“Look at the size of that thing,” Tuck said.
“There are three of these little babies floating in obit.”
“Wow, you guys really do keep secrets…’cause I had no idea we had these things.”
“Two minutes to jump speeds, hold on everyone.” Sam counted.
“These are fairly new,” Cass said, “They’ve only been operational for the last few weeks.”
“How do you expect us to get back in only 15 days? I’m sure there ain’t one of these things on the other side now is there?”
“No, Commander,” Hargrove added, “Not where we’re going, but they are building them at the other mining colonies. We can reach the next one in five days, and then bounce back. Our return trip is only twelve for return.”
“Mag-ring fully charged and ready, Commander,” Cass reported.
“Here we go!” Sam announced.
The Salvage-5 ship approached the massive Mag-ring and began to elongate as the nose entered the field.
“In 3…2…1…prepare for spatial distortion…Mark!” Sam exclaimed as she flew through the ring. The ship was bolted out at its one tenth light speed in an instant. 
“We are at flight speed, Commander,” Sam said, looking over at a white faced Tucker.
“Okay, that was weird,” Settling back in his seat he lit a fine cigar.
“You can’t have that in here, sir!”
“Watch me…the scrubbers will just have to work a little harder.”
“Commander!”
“Relax, we have fifteen days of more hard work ahead of us…Sergeant?”
“That’s right, you softies…now were going to run those same drills in zero gravity…and we’re going to keep doing them until we get them right…do I make myself clear?!”
Tucker, looked back at Samuel’s huge grin, sucked his cigar and puffed a cloud above his head, “…and from one of my favorite 1980’s TV shows, I love it when a plan comes together.”



Chapter 6

Salvage-5 
Kirkwood Gap – Asteroid 15 Eunomia
Sept. 4th 2064 13:50

Missions Objectives:
CSMO RECOVERY
INVESTIGATE ALIEN CRASH SITE
AQUIRE ALIEN TECH
FIND & RECOVER SURVIVORS
DESTROY ALIEN VESSEL

“Commander, we are ten minutes out,” Captain Rothschild reported.
“All hands! Ready stations for ten minute reverse burn.”
“All gear stowed sir,” Hargrove reported.
“Nav coordinates confirmed,” Cass reported, “We will be 5,000 Kilometers from target CSMO.”
“Pilot, engage full reverse for ten…slow to 5,000 kph at 5,000 Kilometers. Cass, Cal, get your systems online. I have no idea how much time we have before we’re grabbed…and this will be helmets on, so prep now...engage.”
Samantha pressed her console commands, first by shutting down all drives. Then she reversed all thrusters and reengaging full power, setting the computer to slow to the ordered speed for approach.
“Lieutenant Savage,” Tucker asked.
“Sir.”
“Is your recon SAT ready for launch?”
“Yes, sir,” Savage responded confidently, “Ready to deploy at 5,000 kph. Wireless connection and recording from all head cams will commence.”
“Excellent, Lieutenant.”
“Thank you sir.”
“I don’t have to remind any of you, this may very well be a hostile environment. From this moment on, there will be no more kidding around. There is a time and a place…and you’ll be the first to know…”
Tucker, reached in his pocket and lit one of his famous cigars, but this time after a long taste, he blew the smoke into a fan receptacle. He took one more long drag before snuffing it out and returning it to his flight suit pocket. Then he blew the smoke out once more, smiled and thanked Hargrove for installing the scrubber by his seat.
“You don’t have to thank me Commander, heh, I was more than happy to.”
“We all were, Commander,” Cass added.
“Hey…Come on now…no insubordination,” Tucker smiled, looking behind at Cass.
“Okay, folks!” the Sergeant ordered, “Helmets on and live.”
The crew fastened their helmets to their flight suit locking ring, each making a click and then one by one, reported in.
“Thirty seconds…” Sam counted.
“Cass, Calvin, are you both ready?”
“Ready as we’ll ever be, Tuck,” Calvin said.
“Coming from my computer expert, great.”
“Reverse burn termination in 3…2…1…MARK.”
“Position report.”
“5,000 kilometers from target CSMO.”
“Holding 5,000 kph.” Sam reported.
 “Maintain course and speed until we are at 1000 meters.” 
“Sat launched,” Savage reported, “Wireless link established…feeds are recording, Commander.”
“Twelve minutes to target CSMO.”
“Captain, at the ten minute mark, reduce speed to 900 kph. at 150 kilometers, that’ll buy us ten more minutes.”
“Ten more minutes we might need, Tuck,” Cass said, “We are having trouble interpolating the tone sequence.”
“Aside from that little issue,” Cal added, “I’ve been able to capture the signal.”
“So, the transmissions to Earth?”
“Have terminated, Tuck.”
“Great.”
“Well, maybe, maybe not.”
“Define maybe.”
“We’ve directed the main signal to the Salvage-5, but now we have to answer with the passcode, which is what we are trying to decipher correctly.”
“I could have sworn that the both of you had this all worked out back on Earth?”
“It’s a tad more complex than simple tones, Tuck,” Cass explained, “The required frequency needs are constantly changing as we approach. We knew this would be the case, but our algorithms need a little fine tuning.”
“How much time do you need?”
“You have ten more minutes,” Sam reported, “Reducing speed to 900 kph.”
“I don’t know Tuck,” Cass said with a worried look.
“That’s it, full stop. Let’s get this worked out before we get any closer.”
“Uh, Tuck,” Sam said with panic.
Tucker looked over at the Captain, “Tell me it ain’t so.”
“Sorry, Commander. We’ve been captured, and we are being brought in. We can’t slow down. In fact, we’re increasing speed…”
“Didn’t I say not to tell me that?”
“Crap!” Cass shouted, “The changing speed is altering the programming. Try and hold her steady.”
“I can’t…Tuck, grab the controls…mine are unresponsive. We need to break away…now at 1200 kph.”
Tucker tried to assist the pilot, but his controls were unresponsive as well, sending the crew of Salvage-5 flying closer to the asteroid.
“1400 kph. Just a little over four minutes until contact.”
“What’s our maximum speed for break away?” Tuck shouted.
“1750 kph is maximum.”
“1500 kph and holding…8000 meters, just over 3 minutes before contact.”
“Do you see the CSMO?”
“Coming up on it in two minutes, 4500 meters to target.”
“Cass, that CSMO. It’s riding at 1000 meters, right?”
“Yes.”
“Hargrove, target all mooring harpoons at the CSMO and fire on my Mark.”
“You got it commander, target acquired and standing by!”
“I think that CSMO is being held by their tech down there.”
“Brilliant, Tuck!” Sam smiled, “One minute to target, we pass the CSMO in 20.”
“Get this right the first time, huh Hargrove. On my mark now…”
“It’s going to be quite a jolt, that’s for sure!” Cass shouted.”
“In 3…2…1…” Sam shouted with adrenaline.
“Hold on everyone!” Tuck shouted. “MARK!”
Lieutenant Hargrove fired all three of Salvage-5’s harpoon mooring anchors at the CSMO. Three separate thrusters sent each harpoon hurling toward the CSMO from the rear of the ship.
 “Twenty seconds to target…Colonel!” Sam urged.
The harpoons continued on their course to the CSMO. 
“Ten seconds, 600 meters!” Cass shouted in panic.
The harpoons hit the side of the CSMO and imbedded into the hull, spreading their sleek body into grappling hooks, firmly locking to the hull. The cable ran to their stops, yanking the ship to an abrupt halt. The crew began to pass out with the forces, in spite of their vacuum suits and zero gravity.
The Salvage-5, held stationary by their mooring cables, sat at nearly 2,000 feet above the surface of the asteroid.

Kirkwood Gap – Asteroid 15 Eunomia
Sept. 4th 2064 14:23

Tucker’s ears were still ringing when he came to. He looked around, still dazed and not fully alert. He groaned with pain from his torso being bruised by the forces he had experienced.
He shook his head, reached up and removed his helmet and floated it next to him, “Jeez…remind me never to do that again…is everyone alright? How long were we out?”
Cass slowly regained consciousness and removed her helmet, “Tuck…that has to be one of the top five most intense moments I’ve ever experienced while under your command. My clock says three minutes.”
“Top five, huh?” Tuck smirked, “I was kind of thinking that was at least in the top two.”
The rest of the crew regained consciousness, but were still dazed.
Sam read her instruments and gave her report, “Commander, you did it. We’re stationary. 600 meters from the surface, 400 meters from the CSMO. Good thing our cables held.”
“Good, 1300 feet from the CSMO, not bad. I think that force normally would have ripped this ship in half, Tuck,” Cass said, checking her instruments. “But I think that this beam, force, or whatever has captured us, prevented us from tearing apart.”
“Come again?”
“However, it’s still holding us and pulling at our ship…”
“The cables are beginning to stress, Commander. They can’t hold much longer at these forces,” Hargrove reported.
“Now that we’re stationary, my algorithm is working...just as few more seconds…” 
 “Cass,” Cal asked, “You almost have it? I think we’re running out of time.”
“Why do you say that?”
“There is an iris opening right below. I’m detecting a weapons ordnance down there, and it’s taking aim.”
“Transmitting tones now!”
“Weapon arming…”
“There!” Cass shouted, “Look!”
“Yes!! The weapon is powering down and is retracting,” Cal smiled. “I never doubted you Cass.”
“Yeah…right. Glad you think so,” she answered, shaking her head, “If it wasn’t for Tucker’s quick thinking, we’d be all be dead. Stopping us is what we needed, or I might have never been able to get it right.”
“The field has released us, Commander,” Sam reported, “I have regained ship control. All systems reporting normal.”
“That’s odd.”
“What’s that Cass?” Tucker asked.
“The iris has opened large enough for our ship to enter. There seems to be a landing pad down there,” Cass said.
“Um, Tuck,” Calvin began, “They are transmitting a message…it’s in English.”
“Put it up.”
“It sounds a bit robotic in nature, but it’s in our language.”
Calvin began the playback through their headsets, “You’re transponder has been approved…Proceed to land…You’re transponder has been approved…Proceed to land…”
Calvin, cut the playback, “That’s it…just repeats over and over.”
“I’m also picking up our missing Salvage mission ship’s transponders. Including Salvage-4’s emergency beacon.”
“Doctor, are you reading any life signs down there?”
“Colonel, I can’t be sure. But there does seem to be signs of human life. I’m picking up various heart rhythms, heat signatures, and with this little gem of an instrument, I’m reading alpha and gamma waves consistent with human brains.”
“How many?” Tuck said, sounding surprised.
“Can’t tell for sure until we get inside, but I’d say roughly about three or four dozen.”
“That’s consistent with the head count on all those salvage ships and crew on the CSMO.”
“Send a message to HQ that we have discovered life signs. After we investigate the CSMO, we will proceed with our next objective.”
“Message recorded and sent,” Savage reported, “They’ll receive in twenty-five minutes.”
“Lieutenant, make sure we begin following regular contact protocols. Send an update every hour for as long as we can.”
“Aye, Commander.”
“Sam, reverse course and dock with the CSMO. We’ll enter the same way the Salvage-4 crew did. Hargrove, take up the cable slack. When we dock, you’re task will be getting those harpoons out.”
“Roger that, Commander.”
“Sergeant?”
“Commander?”
“How’s about you and I taking a little stroll with some power packs. See what we can find out what happened to the CSMO crew.”
“Thought you’d never ask, Commander,” the Sarge grinned.
The two unbuckled their harnesses and floated their way through the aft airlock to the open cargo bay. 
Tucker poked his head through once more before clicking his helmet back in place, “What’s your ETA to skids down?”
“I’m in position now, Commander. Setting down in ten seconds,” Captain Rothschild reported, “Be careful over there, Tuck, Sarge.”
 “Don’t worry about us, just keep us in position.”
Tucker closed the hatch and depressurized the cargo bay.
“In 3…2…1…Mag lock positive,” they heard through their headsets.
“We’re lowering the rear cargo door,” Tuck said, “Stand by.”
“Hargrove,” the Sarge suggested, “You should use the MECH to untether these cables. They’re junk now. The housings been pulled clean away from the hull.”
“I’ll take care of it Sarge. I’ll access the MECH from the upper cargo bay entrance.”
“Come on Tucker. Let’s see what’s down this hole.”
“After you, sir.”
The two made their way down the ramp with their mag-boots, and equipment, while Hargrove made his way to the MECH.
Samuels cranked the hatch open that had been installed by the Salvage-4 crew. After lowering the power packs and tools down he disappeared, head first, through the hole.
Tucker reached through the hatch and was helped down by Samuels, then floated around and closed the hatch, sealing them inside the Euna-1.
Their top helmet lights flashed on, shining on the first of the dead crew. Tucker turned one of the floating bodies, exposing a horrific sight of wires and computer traces covering the face of the dead crewman.
“Never seen anything like this in my life before,” Samuels said.
“Me neither. Let’s check the others.”
They inspected the seven other dead crew, only to find they were wrapped with the same bundles of wire as the first.
“Tuck…this is weird.”
“Yeah, huh. My Spidey Sense is pegged to the max as well, Samuels.”
“What could have done this?”
“No telling…Tucker to Rhodes…come in.”
“Rhodes here, Commander.”
“Get suited up and join us over here. We’re seeing something a little…odd in the way these crew died over here.”
 “What are you seeing? Did they have their suits on, was it exposure?”
“Every one of them are fully suited. But they’re kind of wrapped up.”
“Can you explain?”
“With copious amounts of wire.”
“With what?”
“Wire…as in electronic wire. It’s like it was growing out of their bodies. What were their eyes, are bundles of wire…nose, mouth, ears…seems every orifice is affected, just looking at their faces…or what’s left of them.”
“I’m on my way. Should be there in five, Rhodes out.”
“Come on, Samuels. Let’s get to the captain. He was supposed to have been in the command deck.”
“I remember the briefing, Commander. Let’s go.”
In a couple of minutes, they reached the command station and the dead pilot. Only he wasn’t affected, and he had his helmet removed. His hand firmly pressed the engines to full power. The rod had been slightly bent as the pilot attempted to make it go farther than was possible. The look of terror deeply planted on the man’s face caused chills to run down their spines.
“He appears to have died of asphyxiation. All systems went out, cabin filled with smoke, and he simply didn’t have his helmet on.”
“No wiring on him, either.”
“Samuels, hook up a power pack to this console outlet. Let’s see if we can get any juice over here.”
The Sergeant opened one of his cases and hooked up the remote cables to the console. Tucker peeled the dead man’s hand from the control throttle and leaned him forward.
“What’s this?” 
Samuels looked over, doing a double take, “Is that a jack on the base of his neck?”
“Sure looks like it to me. Rhodes! Where are you? Report!”
“I’m here now, Commander. Just finished checking out the first three bodies.”
“Make your way forward, you gotta see this.”
“On my way.”
The doctor sealed the hatch behind him and came to the command deck, finding Tucker and Samuels inspecting the body.
“What’s going on? Whattya got?”
“What we got here, Doc, is some type of computer interface on the back of his neck,” Tucker said, leaning the body toward Rhodes.
“I wish I could get a better look at this.”
“No way, Doc. Do not remove your helmet,” Samuel’s argued.
“Heh, you don’t have to worry about me. Just restore power to the ship so the scrubbers can give us some air first, but I must inspect the bodies…”
“Either that, or we bring stiff man back to ours,” Tucker smiled.
The two looked over at Tuck.
“What? Hey, got to liven this up a bit to keep one’s sanity.”
“It’s a little too late for him, I’m afraid,” the doctor said, “Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
“That might be our only option,” Samuels said, shaking his head, “The ship’s power is intact, but these panels are fried. There’s no way to restore complete power without a major refit.”
“Cal, this is Tucker. Do you read?”
“Yes, go ahead.”
“Tell me if the energy field is still attached to the CSMO.”
“Yep, it is.”
“Check it out. I’ll bet that the beam is carrying energy from the hydro holding tank. That’s where that ship down there is getting their power.”
“Are you serious? How did you know that?”
“Just a hunch. First ship in. I figure that when they struck that thing down there with the harpoon anchor, it woke something up and began pulling our people in.”
“Let’s get him back to the ship and one other specimen as well.”
“I’ve got the flight recordings,” Samuels said.”
Maybe we can finally solve what happened.”



Chapter 7

Asteroid 15 Eunomia
Sept. 4th 2064 16:00

Completed  Objectives:
CSMO RECOVERY


“Whattya think doc?”
“Tuck, this is the strangest autopsy I’ve ever done.”
The body of the pilot was laid out on the galley table, tethered down with straps to hold him from floating about.
“This man didn’t die of asphyxiation; he died because there’s no blood in his veins.”
“What?” Cass asked, floating in the crew day room.
“His veins were being replaced by some type of bio-organic material.”
“Seriously,” Tuck said, pausing to light his cigar, “I’m having hard enough time sleeping at night, knowing that aliens are real. Now you want me to start thinking we’re in a bad 20th century horror flick?”
“Look here,” Rhodes said, pointing to an opening he had made in the man’s right arm, “Wires for veins and these strange computer traces are routed all across these muscles here.”
“He’s not human.”
“Oh,” Rhodes said, addressing Cass, “He’s human alright…or at least he was, though I’m not sure he is anymore.”
“Or some kind of hybrid?” Cass asked.
“It gets even more disturbing.”
“Oh how could it possibly get weirder than it already has?” Tuck asked.
“This bio-organic material is not human, but it’s nothing I’ve seen. These properties seem to grow into the flesh of the host.”
“Is it a virus, Doc?” 
 “Commander,” the Sarge said in Tucker’s head piece, “Just an update. Hargrove almost has the anchors removed. We should be finishing up and heading back in thirty minutes.”
“Thanks, Samuels…Hargrove, how ya holding up in that thing?”
“It’s a great tool, Commander. Don’t think we could’ve done it without it. But I’m running low on power. Switching to back up power in ten minutes; should be good for another hour.”
“Okay, just don’t push it Hargrove.”
“Don’t worry, sir. I don’t like getting below thirty minutes. I’ll be back way before that.”
“Good work out there, guys…Tucker out…Doc, it’s not contagious then.”
“No, not with direct contact.”
“So what then?”
“Here’s the strange part…”
“…here we go again, stop it, already.”
“…this jack in the back of his head. It was inserted with some type of tool. This jack is connected to a microchip. Once the host is given this little package, it begins to take the bodies enzymes and grows at an exponential rate. This material, the bio-organic material, grows into the tissue. It forms these computer traces and connections. These wires not only replace the veins, but their nervous system as well.”
“So what about the others? Why are they overtaken by these traces and wires?”
“My best guess, which is not a very good one at this point, is that this technology is trying to use us to replicate themselves. The only other organic material I have scanned down there are human. This leads me to agree with you, Tuck. They have been gone a very long time.”
“Right, we came knocking on their door and set something off.”
“It’s got to be all automated. Whatever is going on, it looks as if the first trials failed. These seven dead, only one of them have no wires externally. I think they used the first half of the CSMO’s crew getting the compatibility right.”
“I just thought of something, Tuck.” Cass said.
Tucker looked up at nearly the same time and nodded, “You’re thinking that they allowed this CSMO crew to escape.”
“Yep. My Dad used to take me fishing. We always used bait to attract the fish. Works every time.”
“I think you both got it,” Rhodes said, “These were the first ones, the pilot was slightly more successful, but they, or it, knew they were going to die and they needed more test subjects.”
“Looks like the fishing has been good in this neck of the woods,” Tucker said.
“Tucker,” Calvin said through his headset.
“You got it Cal?”
“Yes, sir. You better come and see for yourself.”
“Great…another surprise brewing…I can’t wait…I’ll be right there, Tuck out.” 
“I’ll finish my analysis and let you know what else I find.”
“Just don’t find too much new stuff, or at least don’t give it to me all at once…a guy can only take so much.”
Rhodes smiled, “No problem…Commander.”
“Cass, you’re with me. I want you to see this too.”
“Gee, thanks Tuck. Don’t worry; I wasn’t planning on missing out.”
“You’re welcome, Sassy Cassie.”
“Hey,” Cass said playfully, “You’re not supposed to call me that around here.”
“Oh?” Tuck asked, floating their way forward of the cabin, “I can say that somewhere else then?”
“Tuck,” Cass said, swatting his arm.
Tucker steadied himself, pressed the code and slid a panel open. The two floated inside Tuck’s cabin.
“Tell me again how it is that I got to bunk with Cal?”
“Your plan was flawed.”
“Oh? In what way?”
“Two women can’t share such a small space for an extended period of time, or we would kill each other.”
“Oh, please.”
“Don’t oh please me, Colonel.”
“And how did I get the floor and you got the bed?” he said, turning to Cal.
Cal looked up with a sheepish grin, reached around with his hand, “My back can’t take the floor, Tuck.”
“Yeah, right…but I’m the Commander around here.”
“Yes,” Cass said, “You are the Commander, and that’s only because we let you.”
Tucker drew from his cigar and blew it in Cass’s direction, then turned to Cal again, “So, what’s ya got there?”
“The computer core the Sarge grabbed from the CSMO? Well, I powered it up on this remote pack and fed the data to this console.”
“Great! Let’s see it.”
“Brace yourselves, this is some pretty amazing stuff,” Cal cautioned, before pressing the play button. “Mostly Captain’s logs, but we got some other feed on here as well.”
The screen lit up with the face of the dead captain that was tethered on the galley table in the next room, “Charles Hackleberry, Captain of the CSMO Euna-1. We just completed our three week journey to our target asteroid, 15 Eunomia. Speed, 5000 kph, distance 3000 kilometers.”
“Sounds familiar,” Tuck nodded, “Standard flight path. Can you fast forward?”
“Here, wait,” Cal said, programming his keypad.
The screen advanced several logs, “Captain of the CSMO Euna-1. We just discovered something quite amazing. Our harpoon hit a foreign object. Something’s happening down there. Our ship is picking up a signal,” the man turned from the camera, “Are you kidding me?” 
The Captain faced the camera and then back to his shipmate, “You’re not going to believe this…we’re being pulled down. The ship is losing power, we can’t fight this force.”
“Commander,” Cal said, fast forwarding, “There are a few rough spots.”
“Captain of the CSMO Euna-1, we have been taken captive by force. We cannot escape. We have been pulled down inside some kind of massive complex. I am being allowed to leave a final log. These mechanical cyborgs, or whatever they are, are forcing us to be taken off the mining ship to a holding area. I’ve seen a little bit, of how big this place is. My guess is that it makes up nearly a quarter of the entire asteroid. It’s about eighty by forty miles and about twenty levels deep…all kinds of computer equipment and nearly every hallway they took us through were lined with cylindrical tubes. We tried asking questions, but they would never respond in a kind manner…wait…one of them is coming for me…if anyone sees this, please send help.”
The screen turned fuzzy again, “Some of the recording has been compromised by high levels of radiation. Nothing harmful now,” Cal assured, “But the next scene, that’s where things get even more bizarre.”
The screen flipped on, the captain in a panic and not addressing the logs directly, “Captain of the CSMO Euna-1…we managed to escape! Don’t come here. Stay away! They did things to us…” 
The captain in the video turned behind him, turned toward the camera with a ghastly look on his face, and then raised the nose of the CSMO and pressed the thruster level to full power.
The camera was knocked and pointed behind the captain. Screams could be heard in the distance and the captain continued to yell to the logs, we’re making escape velocity! Have to get away…” the captain screamed.
The camera picked up the view of another crewman; others were holding his helmet and trying to calm the man. He began convulsing and twitching. Then the camera picked up wires of all colors, crawling out of his skin and traveled through his mouth. The crewman’s eyes and ears were overtaken by wire and circuit board traces, before the others sealed him in his environmental suit. Then the man flopped in the air, and became weightless as the CSMO’s thrusters took them away from the alien complex’s artificial gravity. 
Then the screen went blank, “That’s all of it.”
“Huh…” Tuck said hesitantly, “That was interesting.”
Cal and Cass floated, staring at the screen, not fully believing what they had seen.
“Whattya make of it Cal? Cass? I’m open to suggestions here.”
“Well, Tuck,” Cass said, as they exited the cramped quarters, back to the main crew room. “I think Rhodes was right. They didn’t get the first ones right. I think this was the second batch. They tested these six men and then came for the captain. His was more successful. You can bet that third time’s a charm in this book.”
“That’s what I’m thinking too, Cass,” Tuck said with a somber look, “There’s no telling if our men are our men any more. We need to expect that they’re not, and are somehow working with the alien cyborgs, or whatever the hell you want to call them.”
“I was right about the bio-organic material growing into the host,” Rhodes said. 
“So, Doc, what exactly are we dealing with here?”
“I examined the captain’s brain. The chip was planted very easily, though I can’t guarantee painlessly, but very minimal brain trauma occurred. The bio-organic material then heals the site and begins growing the necessary components that the chip was programmed to grow.”
“This chip; does it actually interact with the host’s brain?”
“Yes, it grows traces into the brain tissue and becomes connected.”
“We can be sure that they were fishing alright.”
“Yep, I agree, Tucker,” Rhodes nodded.
“There’s no other explanation: if the chip was imbedded, it was programmed to take out this task.”
“I’ll bet they didn’t even realize that they were being manipulated by the chips.”
“They were awake during the procedure.”
“How do you know?”
“The ones down in the complex are brainwaves consistent with someone that has been awake for nearly three days.”
“You think they’ve been made some kind of slave for this alien complex for three months?”
“Yep, but I think that’s why they gave us an open invitation. They need more specimens for whatever it is that this thing’s up to,” Rhodes said.
Okay, team. Hargrove, you about done out there?”
“Yes, sir. Just finished and coming up the ramp. You can close and seal her down, Commander. I’ll stow and recharge Hime.”
“Hime?”
“Yeah, that’s what I named my MECH. He’s one cool dude too.”
“Ok, Hargrove. Carry on. Nice work out there.”
Tucker hung his head low, “What’s the matter Tuck?” Cass asked.
“It’s Gus. I don’t know if he’s gonna make it or if they did this to him too.”
“Tuck, it’s not your fault.”
“Yeah, it kind of is.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because Beverly left me for Gus and I made him understand how much I appreciated that.”
“Tuck…”
“He wouldn’t have taken this mission if it weren’t for me.”
“They came to him, Tuck.”
“No, Cass. The word on the street is that he came to them begging to go. He said he just needed to get away from all of us for a while.”
“Bev left you ten years ago, Tuck.”
“Well, I kinda waited until a couple of months ago to actually tell him…with my fist…gave him one nice shiner though.”
“I’m sure he had his reasons for going, Tuck. The best thing we can do is arm ourselves to the hilt, and get down there and complete our mission. I mean, come on, this is a military operation after all…lots of explosions…you like explosions, Tuck.”
“She’s right. There may be a chance that we can still save our people. Maybe figure out how to program the thing to reverse grow or something,” Rhodes said.
“Gus, this one’s for you, baby!” Tucker said with a renewed strength.
“Now that’s the Tucker Petersen I know,” Cass smiled.
“Weaponize everyone. See Hargrove for your issue, and I’m changing our original plan…Melissa, Cass, and Rhodes, you three will stay with us. Greater strength in numbers. Cal. You stay here with Sam. Cal, lock down the ship and when we land, make sure none of our signals can be intercepted by the alien computer, but that we always have our wireless connections.”
“Should be fairly easy, Tuck.”
“Stations everyone. We’re ready to go down, Sam. Give us a ten minute countdown.”

Asteroid 15 Eunomia
Sept. 4th 2064 17:00

“In 3…2…1…skids up, Commander,” the Captain said, lifting the nose from the CSMO hull.
“Okay, Captain. Put us directly above the opening down there.”
Sam maneuvered the ship with directional thrusters and came to rest above the landing surface, “Holding 1000 meters, Commander.”
“Okay everyone, all set?”
There was silence, “All right then, express elevator to the basement floor. Captain, drop us with a 60 kph burn, Z minus 1000 meters for a two minute decent.”
“Z-1000 meters at 60 kph, acknowledged and engaged, Commander…skids down in two minutes.”
“Here we go!” Cass exclaimed, holding a little tighter to the arms on her seat.
“Take notice of the artificial gravity when we cross its threshold. We’ve been zero-g for fifteen days now and I’m sure your legs will feel the strain,” Rhodes cautioned, as the Salvage-5 descended toward the opening below.
“750 meters to target.”
An eerie quiet ensued at every shot of the thruster, which echoed through their minds as they continued to descend.
“One minute to target,” Sam counted. “200 meters… …100 meters…passing gravity threshold at 60… …30 meters now…10 meters…skids down and locked, slowing to touchdown…in 3…2…1.”
The Salvage-5 skids softly set down on the smooth floor of the alien complex. They had completed their descent and came to rest. 
The Captain powered down the engines, “All systems coming to standby, Commander.”
They descended into what was of a metal-flake, silvery-grey enormous dome. The crew looked out the ship’s front glass and saw the other lost ships, neatly parked around the perimeter of the circular landing bay, all cargo bay doors lowered.
“The iris is closing above, Commander,” Savage announced, “and I lost connectivity to our recon sat…recordings are continuing to ship’s buffer, and will transmit as soon as we connect.”
“Good job, Savage.”
“Commander, the ceiling apex is 60 meters high,” Sam said, looking over at Tucker.
“Jeez, that’s what, 200 feet?” Tuck asked, quickly making the calculation in his head, “Any guess on its circumference?”
“Commander,” Hargrove reported, “I just took laser measurements. It’s 300 meters across.”
“That’s over three football fields,” Tuck exclaimed, “You sure about that?”
“He’s right, Tuck,” Cal said. “I just took my own measurement from my station, and its 304.8 meters to be exact.”
“Smart ass,” Hargrove said under his breath.
“You want to share that with the rest of us, Hargrove?”
“No, sir. Calvin’s correct, the diameter of the dome is 1000 feet…I just rounded.”
“Tucker, I’m reading oxygen and nitrogen based atmosphere…it’s breathable,” Cal exclaimed.
“Great, I’d expect a red carpet next,” Tuck said, unstrapping his harness. 
“Okay, let’s move out. Prep the cargo ramp,” the Sergeant ordered.
The crew made ready their weapons and took what supplies they thought they would need for the trip into the complex.
“The landing deck is all clear, Commander.”
“Lower the cargo door,” Tuck ordered.
The crew heard a swoosh of air as the two environments equalized with the opening of the door.
“All right, people,” the Sarge commanded, “move out; standard perimeter formation.”
The crew exited the ship and formed a semi-circle around the back end of the ship.
“Captain, do you copy?”
“Got ya, Commander.”
“Roll er up, and seal her closed.”
The door lifted and then closed with a clunk. Another swoosh of air was heard as the rear cargo bay door sealed.
Doctor Rhodes slung his rifle over his shoulder and opened a small kit, fastened to his waist. He knelt down and scrapped the floor with a scalpel. He collected the sample and placed it inside a small glass tube.
“Interesting,” Rhodes said, gazing into the cylinder.
“I’ll tell ya what’s strange,” Hargrove said, “There’s light, but no light source.”
“Doctor, what’s that you got?”
“It appears to be made of the same bio-organic material, but more sophisticated.”
“You mean they grew this complex?”
“It seems so, but not in the way you are thinking. This is metallic, but it’s like nothing we’ve ever seen, Tuck. It’s made up of a new element, one we’ve yet to discover.”
“Or it was manufactured,” Tuck said with raised eyebrows.
“You have a valid point, Commander,” Rhodes nodded, “This technology is so sophisticated, that you could probably program it to ‘grow’ anything you need.”
Samuels stomped his foot on the deck a couple of times, “Seems solid enough though.”
“Tucker,” Cal said over the wireless, “There’s an exit dead center at the far side of the complex.”
“Okay, we seem to be alone for the moment. Let’s split up: Rhodes, Hargrove, and Savage. You check the two ships on your left. Cass and Samuels, you’re with me on the right…we’ll meet at the far point where Cal has discovered this exit.”
“Move out,” Samuels whispered.
Samuels led Tucker and Cass to the first ship on their right. He crouched with bent legs as he ran, holding his rifle at the ready, scanning back and forth.
“Hargrove,” Tucker whispered, “Do you read?”
“We have arrived at Salvage-2. Savage just went in to clear.”
“Samuels has just cleared Salvage-4…move out to the next target.”
Tucker led the way this time, but motioned them to hold back a moment. Then quickly motioned for them to continue to the cover of Salvage-3.
“This is Hargrove, dash 1 and dash 2: both clear. We’re waiting at the exit point. You look clear from this position.”
Samuels and Cass arrived with Tucker and this time, Cass quickly cleared the ship and then retuned. 
“All clear,” Cass said, and then took off ahead of Tucker and Samuels. Savage waved the go ahead and the rest joined.
“Rothschild, you still copy?”
“I read you, Commander.”
“Cal, keep us on your scope. Map our movements so we can find our way back.”
“I’ve got you targeted and the mapping program will begin when you start moving again,” Cal answered over his wireless.
The crew examined the ten foot tall, six foot wide archway. Liquid seemed to be rippling on the surface of the entrance, and vision was limited through.
“Okay, people. Look alive,” the Sergeant said. He gave Tucker a nod and then stepped through the water like substance that covered the exit. They could see him check himself out, and then he motioned for the rest to cross.
Tucker cautiously stepped through. He felt a slight electrical current across his body as he passed over the threshold. Then turning his face away at the last, he took a deep breath and exited on the other side with Samuels.
“Man…that was weird. It felt like electric water, but I’m not wet.”
“It seems to be a harmless energy field. Probably acts like our airlocks do,” Samuels said, waving the rest across. 
“Cal…do you read me now?”
Tucker’s radio retuned dead air.
“Cal…come in, Cal,” he repeated.
Silence was returned once again. Tucker stuck his arm through the field and tried again.
“Yeah, I got ya now,” Cal answered.
“Okay, we’ll have to use a door stop. Hang tight,” then pulled his arm out.
“Hargrove, set up one of the wireless units here in the entry. You’ll have to position the device in the center of the field…I’ll need a volunteer to hold this position.”
“I’ll do it sir,” Savage said, standing forward.
“Thank you, Lieutenant. Look, if anything happens…hightail it back to the S-5.”
“You got it, Commander.”
“It’s ready sir,” Hargrove said, looking up at Melissa. “You sure about this?”
Savage nodded to affirm, “I’ll be fine…it’s your ass I have to worry about,” she chuckled.
“Cal, you reading now?”
“Yes, sir. Loud and clear.”
“Okay, Lieutenant. Hold this position. We’ll still be connected via the wireless...wouldn’t hurt for you to check in once in a while.”
“I got this, Commander.”
The four of them left Savage, and quickly disappeared down the corridor into the darkness.



Chapter 8

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 17:40


The four made their way down the long 100 foot corridor until they reached a junction. Tucker looked back and noticed that the light followed them as they made their way through the passages. Savage, no longer visible, “Lieutenant, you still read me?”
“Savage here, yes, Commander, I’m reading you.”
“Incredible,” Rhodes exclaimed, “Tucker, you seeing this?”
Tucker came to the side of the doctor, who had walked a few feet down the left corridor. He held his hand up to the surface of a round cylinder that traveled from the floor to ceiling.
“There are at least 50 of these cylinders lining each corridor,” the doctor said, “But look closer…what do you see?”
 Tucker looked closer and saw someone inside. Gray in color, and covered with trace-like substance, similar to a computer circuit board, “Is it human?”
“Some of it is…”
“Why is it so dark in there?”
“I can’t explain that, Tuck. What’s troublesome is they appear to be humanoid. I’m also picking up Gamma Waves if I narrow my beam width.”
“This is Cal, Tucker. I’m still picking up your signal. Looks as if as long as we have that wireless bridge, we can.”
“Cal, we’ve come to a four way in the corridor, what does you’re overhead show?”
“I’m picking up your signal and about a 300 foot radius around you. It looks like there could be hundreds of those cylinders, and I can see below, there are several layers, and each level branches out, beyond what I can read.”
“What are you seeing regarding these cylinders that are holding these, computer people?”
 “Computer people, is a bit of an understatement, Tuck,” Rhodes said.
“Whattya mean by that?”
“These beings…well, I’m getting an influx of readings. Normal life signs, as well as computer electrical pulses. I think they’re clones, Tuck.”
“Really?” Tucker said shaking his head, “Just when I thought we were over all this learning new stuff thing…come on…what’s next already?”
“How did you come up with that, Rhodes?” Cass asked, “I mean how can you be certain if you can’t get any DNA samples?”
“If you study each of their faces, they are all similar, maybe ten or fifteen different variations is all.”
“It just twitched in there,” Tuck said, stepping away.
“They’re alive, and I think they’re growing.”
“Come on,” Tuck said, “We need to keep moving. Cal, any idea on a direction we need to go?”
“Down.”
“Down?”
“Yes. If my theory is correct from what I’ve seen mapping already, there are several levels. I think we need to find the core of the complex.”
Tucker looked over at Cass, “Down…where do you find these people?”
“He’s your guy, Tuck.”
“Oh, right…he is at that…Cal, so how is it we are supposed to go down?” 
“Find a passage that leads down? I don’t know, Tuck. You’re there, and I’m not…make a way.”
“What did you just say?”
“Tucker, I’m not being disrespectful…”
“I know, just tell me what it is you said…just before.”
“I was just making a suggestion…”
“…which was…”
“I don’ know, make a way?”
“Exactly!” Tuck said with raised eyebrows, “I like the way this guy thinks.”
“Tuck,” Cass said nervously.
“Relax, Cass.”
“I can’t.”
“It’ll be fine…Come on, let’s keep moving…Cal I’ve got a hunch…you’re not picking anything up on your scanners, anything at all? We’re still alone, right?”
“Far as I can tell…”
“This is Savage, checking in Commander. Yes, I’m still clear and holding position.”
“Do you see anything, Lieutenant?”
“The only thing I can see is the corridor you went down, and then it darkens after about 30 feet. I can see an area of dim radiance at your location. It seems the more people you have with you, the more illumination you get.”
“Sarge, see if you can cut a hole in the floor.”
“I’m on it. Hargrove, help me setup the laser torch.”
“While you two are cutting the hole in the floor, Cass and I will map out the complex a little more. Rhodes, you stay here and stand guard.”
Tuck and Cass moved, stopping at the next junction, “That was about 30 meters.”
“I’ll bet the next one is in another 30,” Cass said, “Come on, let’s see.”
The corridor came to a “T”, with more cylinders lining the outer wall.
“You’re right, Cass,” Tucker smiled, “Cal, you still read us?”
“Loud and clear, Tuck,” Calvin reported. “Try following the last left for as long as you can go, I’m guessing 45 meters.”
“You think this top section is 300 feet by 300 feet?”
“Yes, and possible there are three other quadrants like the one you’re in now.”
“What about the lower levels?” Cass asked.
“Yeah, it does branch out, indicating that this thing we’re in is spherical in nature.”
“So how many levels do we need to go?”
“Looks like you need to go four levels down, I’m reading a large energy signature down there.”
“I don’ know Cal, that’s an awfully long way from the ship.”
“Commander,” Samuels announced over his wireless link, “We’re through. You need to get back here and see this.”
“On our way. Savage, radio check.”
“Savage, here. Nothing new to report here, sir.”
Cass and Tucker high tailed it down the last hall, circling back around to where they had left the others, “What is it, Sarge?”
“We cut through, but there’s another energy barrier. We’ll need more equipment if we’re going to keep in constant communications.”
“…I’ll head back to the ship for a few more wireless modules and while I’m at it, some expanding ladders,” Hargrove added.
“Sarge, go with Hargrove and help him with the equipment.” The two nodded and headed back to the ship.
Doc, stay with us. I’d like to get a little closer look at one of those computerized people, you up for that?”
“Sure, how shall we extract one of them from the tubes?”
“Stand back,” Tucker said, holding his rifle up to his shoulder.
“Tuck, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Cass said, putting her hand on his arm.
“Why not?
“Maybe we shouldn’t disrupt these tubes?”
“There isn’t anyone around, Cass. Now will you relax and let me give this a try?”
She stepped back, seeing he was taking aim at the third cylinder down the hall, “Tuck…”
He squeezed his trigger sending several metal slugs silently down the rail gun, embedding them into the field substance that covered the cylinder. He released the trigger and watched as every one of his metal projectiles rolled back out of the cylinder and fell to the floor making the echoing sounds as dozens of shot bounced off the floor.
“Hmmm, that was interesting…nice weapon though,” Tucker said, walking over to see what damage he had done.
Rhodes beat him there and carefully looked at the small one inch round holes he had made, “Fascinating.”
“What’d ya make of that, doc?”
“I…I don’ know.”
The doctor put on a rubber glove and reached into one of the holes with his finger. “Doctor, I don’t think you should do that either!” Cass warned.
Rhodes withdrew his finger and examined the liquid, and then held it up to his nose to smell, “Hmmm, kind of a silvery-grey look. Just like what I found on the bodies, and scraped off the floor when we exited the ship.” 
“Look!” Cass pointed, “Your bullet holes are closing up.”
“That they are,” Rhodes said, turning the glove inside out as he removed it from his hand, “The bio-organic material is growing back around the holes.”
“And so is the hole we cut in the floor over there,” Tucker pointed, “Not all the way, but it looks like we’ll have to cut our way back out too.”
“That’s going to slow us down,” the Sarge said, returning with the extra gear. Takes about 10 minutes to cut one hole, so that’s an hour round trip.”
“Alright, then,” Tucker said, “Let’s get crackin’…Hargrove, get three repeaters for the wireless setup. Sarge, get that floor open again.”
“Uh, Tuck,” Cal said in Tuck’s ear, “We’ve got movement.”
“Position!”
“Between you’re current location and Savage.”
“Lieutenant, do you read us?”
“Commander, I hear metal like walking sounds.”
“Get out of there!”
“I see them, Commander. There are three of them. I’ll hold them back; you can cut them off from the rear.”
“Get out of our line of fire, Lieutenant!”
“Don’t worry about me, sir. I’m around the corner…I plan on ambushing them.”
“Come on, kids…get back and intercept them, now!”
The crew ran back toward Savage, “Calvin, are you picking this up!?”
“Tuck, they moved down a level.”
“How in the hell did they do that?” Tuck exclaimed, “Savage, report!” 
“She’s gone!” Cass said, coming to Melissa’s position.
“Gone? Don’t tell me gone!”
Cass picked the Lieutenant’s weapon off the ground and slung it around her shoulder, “Son of a bitch!”
“Over here,” the doctor said, “I’m picking up her life signs, right below us here. They must be able to open the layers between floors and then seal them.”
“Cal, you and Sam are going to be alone. We can’t afford to slip up any more.”
“We’ll be fine, Commander.”
“I’ve got our main guns pointed right at the opening, Sir,” Sam acknowledged, “Go find her.”
“We’ll be dropping down in another couple of minutes,” Tuck said, “We’ll only have the wireless link until the hole grows shut again. Once that happens, you won’t hear back until we come back up to this level.”
“Understood.”
“There!” the Sergeant exclaimed, “This lid’s off. I’m going down, pass me the laser torch.” 
Samuels jumped through the hole and landed one level down, rolling on the floor to absorb the fall. Hargrove reached through the hole, handing Samuels the equipment. 
“Sir, I’ve attached the wireless. She’ll hold until the hole seals off again.”
“Good work, Hargrove.”
The crew descended two more levels, when they heard the screams of their missing shipmate.
“We need to speed it up, if you can.”
“Sorry, Tuck,” Samuels said, glancing up at him, “We simply don’t have the tools to do this any quicker.”
“Tuck!” Cass shouted, “On your six!”
She aimed down the corridor at the three mechanical beings crawling through the floor, thirty feet away.  The rail gun opened fire, sending dozens of round projectiles at the heads of the cyborgs, causing damage, but they relentlessly continued to crawl from the floor.
Tuck spun around and joined Cass at taking out another of the cyborgs. The third one managed to get through the floor and began stepping toward them and returned fire. 
Tuck and Cass made quick work on the two cyborgs still half way between floors, and then focused on the one approaching.
“Duck!” Cass said, hitting the floor, still shooting her rail gun at the thing. She rolled on the floor, taking cover around the corner, “I’m out! Reloading!”
Hargrove leaned around the corner and shot at the mechanical enemy, only slowing it slightly.
Cass reached in her side pocket for a round object, pulled the pin and dove back around the corner, “Grenade!”
The corridor blasted metal debris and flesh from the cyborg, which flew apart by the explosion…then everything return quiet.
They all looked at one another, “What were those?” Cass asked.
“Those seem to be the local residents…and my guess is that they’re not too happy with our interior decorating.”
“Tuck, our weapons are going to need some enhancements. We can’t depend on grenades taking those down.”
Hargrove was first to check out some of the cyborg pieces scattered about, “This should prove to come in handy,” he said, holding one of the cyborgs pulse cannons.
“Let me see that, Hargrove.”
Hargrove handed the weapons over for Tucker to examine it, “Here… stand back, Samuels.”
Tuck pointed the end of the laser rifle at the floor and squeezed the trigger. He was surprised that there wasn’t any kickback.
He had the hole cut in the floor in less than fifteen seconds, “There now. Set up your last repeater and let’s get down there.”
Samuels hurriedly nodded and jumped down to the forth level, and then the rest joined in the decent.
“Cal, do you read us…come in.”
“I read you Tuck.”
“Good, that means we have a little time before the first level closes. We took one of the weapons from a cyborg that does a dandy job on cutting this material.”
“Great, tuck…but you’re starting to break up now…”
“The first floor is growing together again…will report in as soon as we can…Tucker out.”
“Doctor, you reading anything?”
“I’m picking up a heat signature inside that room,” Rhodes pointed at the end of the wall. “She’s in there. I’m picking up heat signatures consistent with humans.”
“Any idea if we can have some kind of early warning detector for these cyborgs? Hargrove, Cass, Sarge? You got anything?”
“All I can say Tuck,” Cass said, “You can bet your ass there are more cyborgs inside that room.”
“I’ll bet you’re right,” Tuck smiled, “Always the intuitive one.”
“Only way to find out…”
“Is to crash the party,” Tuck said, before lighting another cigar. “Stand back.”
Making a couple of adjustments on the weapons, he raised it at the wall and pulled the trigger sending five pulses in rapid succession at the wall.
“Hmmm,” Tucker said, examining the alien gun. Then he looked at the wall for the damage and found minimal.
“Let’s see what this setting is for…”
“Tuck…that’s not a good idea…you have no idea what you’re doing with that,” Cass urged.
“Why, Cass...I’m touched.”
“At what?”
“At your charming display of affection…you do have a genuine concern for my wellbeing, don’t you?”
“Just get on with it.”
“So, you don’t deny it do you.”
“Tucker!”
“Fine, fine…here we go…” Tucker aimed and fired again at the wall. This time sparks flew with the explosion of a single three second burst, leaving a gaping hole in the side of the wall.
“There…after you madam,” Tuck motioned.
“You first, Commander…you seem to have the edge on this.”
“Testy…my, my…”
Cass gave Tuck a swat on the arm, “Ouch...what was that for? Jeez, try to be nice and look what ya get.”
He ducked down and entered the room, then poked his head back through the energy field, “Come on…it’s all clear; no cyborgs.”
The crew followed Tucker into the room and stood, looking in awe.
The room was larger; about half the size of the landing pad, and was lined with several reclining chairs. Most filled with human bodies, 20 bodies out of the 100 tables in the room. 
Tucker and Rhodes looked at the nearest body, “It’s one of the Salvage crewmembers”
“…or what’s left of them.”
“Wait a minute Tucker,” Rhodes said with raised eyebrows, “They’re all alive. Look, these machines they are hooked up to are keeping their vital signs going.
“Looks like they perfected the tech on these models.” Tucker said.
The bodies had neat lines of computer traces flowing down the man’s arms and legs, which extended over the entire naked man’s body. Wires were covering his skin, but had noticeable control in keeping the host alive by growing in the areas needed.
“Fascinating,” Rhodes said, looking over the body, “He’s being turned into a cyborg.”
“Do you think that’s what we were fighting back there? Former crew that had been…converted to a mechanical…thing?” Tuck said, raising his hands.
 “It does seem possible since they were among the first ones.”
“Tuck,” Cass said, pointing at the center of the room, “Look at that.”
Tucker turned and saw a large complex situated in the center of the room. There were four connecting conduits that ran from the center of the machine and out to the four sides of the alien complex. 
“Looks like one bed hooked into some apparatus,” Rhodes said.
“It does look different than the others,” Tuck nodded, “Come on, let’s check it out.”
When they stepped near a dome that appeared to cover the table, the field vanished, allowing them to enter the smaller chamber.
Tucker walked up to the head that was connected to several bundles of wires to a computer interface that was planted in the back of his head. 
The commander gasped as he saw the face of the man, “Gus!”


Chapter 9

General McKenzie’s office 
Sept. 4th 2064 18:00


“What’s your latest report,” the General asked, staring at the man across his desk.
“We received a final transmission from the Salvage-5 team.”
“Do you think they fell to the same demise as Major Jamison?”
“I think Tucker has the situation under control. They safely made the alien landing bay.”
“Then why is this their last transmission? Did they find the tech or not?”
“We lost transmission when they entered the dome on the structure. I’m confident that the colonel has the situation under control.”
“I have my reservations,” the General said, stroking his chin, “Start briefing another team.”
“Sir, it’s too early to call it.”
“No, I think he failed…and I think it was a mistake to recommend Tucker Petersen for this mission.”
“I think you’re wrong, General.”
“Wrong?”
“Look, General, he was successful in intercepting the signal.”
“At least the Vatican won’t have any more downloads. Did we manage to get the entire feed?”
“We received most of it, sir.”
“That’s why we need Tuck to complete his mission. Without the physical tech to reverse engineer…”
“I know, I know…the blueprints are worthless without it,” the General said, begrudgingly, “okay, I’ll give them another 24 hours…if you don’t hear from him by then, start making arrangements for the next team.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now about the boy.”
“Tuckers kid?”
“Yes, take him off life support when you call it.”
“Terminate the boy?”
“We’ve kept him alive longer that we should’ve. Even if we get the tech, it might be too late for him now.”
“Sir, with all due respect…”
“Are you questioning my authority?”
“The question is, sir, don’t the parents have the right to make that decision, not us?”
“Are the parents able to pay for his care? No, I seriously doubt it…we need to stop wasting resources…’sides, I’m sure another candidate will avail itself.”
“What, like Bennie?”
“Bennie was a necessary casualty. I needed Tucker to have a reason to go on this mission.”
“You had me cause the accident that put him in the coma, and now you want me to finish off your dirty work?”
“Unless you want me to implicate you in creating the crash, I would do exactly as you’re told…dismissed Major Griffin.”

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 18:30

Completed Objectives:
INVESTIGAT ALIEN CRASH SITE
FIND SURVIVORS

“Cal, I’ve been thinking of that CSMO up there.”
“And?”
“And, I think we can get their systems back online.”
“You know, I’ve been looking over that problem too. We have to get that ship running again if we’re to carry any of those survivors down here.”
“I agree,” Sam said, “But the Sergeant was saying that all the systems were fried. It doesn’t add up.”
“Right. I’ve been reading an energy dampening field surrounding that ship. It is emanating from this alien complex, but I think I have found a way to block it.”
“I’d love to hear your theories, but we’ve got company,” Sam said, jumping out of her pilot seat…Cyborgs! Three of them just entered the landing bay at the far end.”
Calvin crawled out from Tucker’s bunk and came to the pilot house, “Their looking for something.”
“Yes, they’re checking each ship.”
“Arm the weapons!”
“If I spin up the weapon servos, they’ll hear it,” Sam answered, “I don’t think they know we’re here, or they would’ve come to us first.”
“Hang on, what’s going on? They stopped.”
“Dead in their tracks…what’s up with that?” 
“I think they’re getting a download…picking up a carrier wave.”
“They’re moving again, Cal.”
The lead cyborg raised his hand and scanned in a circle, “What are they up to?”
“He passed our ship up.”
“No, wait. He’s turning back toward us,” Sam exclaimed.”
“On no…no…nooo.”
“What’s wrong, Cal?”
“They’ve hacked past our wireless firewall; You better do something before they have complete control of the ship.”
The cargo bay door unlocked and lowered, making the sound of air escaping, “I think’s it’s already too late,” Sam said, throwing the weapons toggle online, “Weapons hot, 20 seconds to firing.”
Cal jumped down from the pilot center, grabbing one of the rifles from the armament locker. He quickly loaded it and grabbed as many clips as he could before heading down the ramp.
“Cal! Get back up here!” Sam shouted.
It was too late; Cal had already opened fire on the cyborgs with extreme accuracy from the entrance of the ship.
“You crazy fool!”
“You really don’t know me very well…remember who I served with…and he called me crazier than him.
Cal emptied his first clip, sending the first cyborg to the ground in pieces. He had already reloaded his clip when the pulse cannons fired from the Salvage-5’s side mount, obliterating the other two.
“Whoop!” Cal shouted, sending his arms in the air, “Come on, Sam. Let’s check em’ out.”
“No way, Cal. You get back up here…now!”
“This is an incredible opportunity, Sam. I’m heading out,” he said through his headset. 
Sam called out, but Cal was already out of the cargo bay, “Crazy bastard…gonna get us both killed,” she whispered to herself.
“What was that, Sam?”
“Nothing, Cal. I’m heading your way to give your sorry ass some cover.”
Cal ran beyond the two cyborgs that the ship destroyed and came to a stop on one knee. It was this first one, the one that was more intact that sparked his interest.
He turned over the body and saw that it was Lieutenant Savage’s face through the circuit board traces and wiring, “Noooo not Savage!”
“Savage?” Sam shouted, catching up to Cal, “Whattya mean, Savage?”
“Look. It’s her face!”
“Oh god!” Sam exclaimed, then took off to inspect what was left of the others.
“Cal! This one’s Savage too!”
“Clones! Oh man!”
The cyborg lying before Cal began to flutter its eyes, “This one’s still alive!”
Sam quickly returned to Cal and pressed her fingers on its neck, “There’s a pulse.”
“This is incredible, these traces and wires are sending pulses to the clone’s body. I think they can control their movements through this interface on the back of the head.”
“Judging by what these things were doing, scanning for our life signs, actuating our cargo bay doors, there’s no telling what they are capable of doing.”
“I’ll bet they possess superhuman strength as well,” Cal nodded, “Help me get her back to the ship!”
“That’s not a good idea, Cal.”
Then the cyborg came to life, popping its eyes open and grabbing Cal’s collar, “Cal…get out…leave…now…”
“You’re not really Savage, are you?”
“No…we’ve been cloned, but the interface was disrupted, giving back our thoughts…my consciousness returned. I’m Savage, the same as your Savage, same memories…everything…you got to help us.”
“Where’s Savage?”
“Where’s the rest of the team?” Sam asked, leaning closer to the cyborg-clone.
The cyborg winced with pain, gritting its teeth, “I’m not going to make it…they’re already trying to restore my link…Cal, don’t let them do this to me…kill me before it’s too late.”
“Savage, you can’t be serious.”
“I beg you, kill me…” then it’s eyes changed to a green color and remained wide open.
“Tell us what they’ve done to our Savage!” Sam asked, pulling the clone to her face by its collar.
“Lieutenant Savage is safe…at least for now.”
“What’re they doing to her?”
“They’re using the human DNA to clone an army of cyborgs. She’s one level below your team…they know about the others…they know where they are…they walked right into the trap.”
“Sam, we have to help them.”
“You heard what Tucker said: stay with the ship at all costs.”
“You can’t leave them down there…” the cyborg said.
Sam tossed her body back to the floor, “We can’t trust anything this one says…for all you know, they want us to join them. Beats having to come extract us… was that your programming? Come and find anyone left behind?”
“We thought everyone had gone together as a team…we didn’t know you were here...”
“We surprised them!” Cal exclaimed.
“But once your Savage was plugged in, they knew what she knew.”
“There’s still enough time to find Savage and the others, Sam.”
“Cal, we can’t leave the ship.”
“You can’t leave them down there.”
“Yes we can,” Sam said. Then she took her sidearm out and planted a round through the clone’s forehead.
“Sam! What the hell are you doing!”
“Killing it so the knowledge of us staying behind was the last thing transmitted.”
“So were not staying?”
“Not on your life, Cal,” Sam said, standing to her feet, “Come on, back to the ship for now…I’ve got a plan.”
“How’s your leg holding up?”
“It’s sore, but at least I don’t need those damn crutches anymore.

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 20:64 18:40

“What the hell did they do to ya, Gus!” Tucker yelled in horror.
“Tuck,” Cass said, pulling him back, “take it easy, Tuck.”
“Don’t tell me to take it easy!” Tucker shot back, then he yanked away from her grip, “This is just plan insanity and you want me to take it easy?”
“Tucker,” Samuels said, coming to Cass’s rescue, “Ease up there. You got to keep a level head, Tucker. We’re all counting on you to hold the rest of us together.”
Tucker relaxed his posture and shook his head, “Man, Gus…Doctor, can he hear us? I mean, he’s still alive, right?”
“Judging by the equipment and resources the aliens have invested on Gus, I’d say he’s alive,” Rhodes answered, “But I’m not sure if we’ll ever see the Gus you once knew.”
“He’s right Tuck,” Cass said, placing a soft hand on his shoulder.
Tucker looked at Cass in the eye as a tear rolled down her cheek. He reached up with his finger and caught it before it fell off her face. Then he threw his arms around her and squeezed her close to him, “I’m sorry, Cass…It’s just…”
“I know, Tuck. We all thought there was a good chance that Gus could have been saved.”
“Now we know,” Tucker said, coldly.
“The fact that he’s still alive is something of mention,” Rhodes said.
Cass gently pushed Tucker back, “Tuck, just look at this computer. This is a very sophisticated piece of equipment…he’s…connected to it in some way.”
“Doc, if we could talk to him.”
“I don’ know Tuck, that’s a pretty big long shot,” Rhodes said, shaking his head.
“I know, but so far…everything else that we’ve seen happen on this mission…well, I’m not so sure it’s impossible anymore.”
The doctor waved a device across Gus’s forehead and then down his chest, “Hmmmm.”
“Doctor? You care to share?”
“I’m just thinking…I’m detecting a full spectrum of brain waves emanating from him.”
“Meaning?” Tuck said, raising his hands.
“Meaning, his cogitative abilities are present. He’s all there, I think they’ve sedated him.”
“So wake him.”
“Tuck, it’s not that easy.”
“Well, what then? I don’t think we have a lot of time to spare before the next goon squad marches in here.”
“He’s right; each occurrence has been perfectly spaced apart.”
“I’d say roughly 45 minutes to an hour between Sam’s abduction and the other clones showing up down the hall from us.”
“That gives us about 10 minutes, 20 on the outside.”
“Cass, Sarge, how many clips and grenades do you have left?”
“I’ve got 7 grenades, 5 exploding and 2 concussion.”
“Between the five of us, we’ve got about 5,000 rounds.
“That’s only 4 clips each. Use them wisely,” Tuck cautioned.
“Okay, Doc. Give him something to bring him around. If we can reach him, we might have something we can use.”
“I see where you’re going, Tuck,” Cass smiled, “If he can access this computer…”
“He can turn them off…” Hargrove finished.
“Okay, but I can’t be certain that whatever I give him won’t kill him.”
“There’s no time to argue, Rhodes.”
“Do it,” the Sarge nodded.
“Come on Doc, it’s the best shot we got,” Tucker said.
The doctor reached in his medical pouch and removed a hypo spray unit. Then attached a bottle to the injector and held it up to Gus’s neck, “This ought to do the trick,” then squeezed the trigger.
The injector sprayed the chemical directly into Gus’s blood stream, “Should see something any moment now…but what I find intriguing is that his computer traces end at his neck.”
“…and he doesn’t have any external wiring,” Cass said.
 Gus fluttered his eyes and his face twitched as he opened them. He blinked twice and tried to turn his head, “Tucker?”
“Gus, you recognize me?”
“Well of course I do…But you’re not my first pick as our rescuer.”
“Well,” Tucker said, patting him on the shoulder, “I’ve all you got.”
“God help us all,” Gus replied.
“Yeah, that’s Gus,”
“Well, who’d you think it was?”
“We weren’t sure. We’ve met a few clones on our way in.”
“Well, we kind of ran into a bit of trouble, that’s why I’m here.”
“Tell us what happened,” Cass asked.
“No, that can wait,” Tuck interrupted, “Gus, we think another cyborg squad is going to be here any minute…you’re somehow interfaced with this computer. Can you access any of the higher functions and stop them?”
“I’m not sure, Tuck. I can try.”
Gus closed his eyes and concentrated on the computer he was connected to, “Man, if this ain’t the strangest thing, Tuck.”
“Whattya got, Gus?”
“I can talk to the computer, more like, I can see what it’s doing.”
“Can you stop it?”
“It’s not responding to my request,” Gus said, opening his eyes, “I do know you’ve got 2 minutes before there are 5 cyborgs. They’re sending 3 to the south, and 2 southwest entrances.”
“They’re gonna flank us, while keeping out of their own cross fire,” Hargrove said, “I can set up charges at one of the locations in time, but not both.”
“Okay, Gus, which one will have the three?”
“Concentrate your detonations on the southwest entrance.”
 “Go!” Tucker pointed, sending Hargrove to plant his C4.
“Cass, see if you can make anything from this computer. If this is the tech, I want it removed and ready to go within the hour. Sarge, you and I will hold the south entrance…Rhodes; figure out a way to disconnect him.”
Rhodes shrugged, “I’ll see what I can do.”
“Come on Samuels, let’s do some of our own flanking.”
“You got it, Tuck. Take the left side, I’ll go right.”
Tucker headed over to the spot Gus had indicated the two cyborgs would exit, and waited for the signal.
“Hargrove, checking in.”
“Go ahead,” Tucker said, adjusting his earpiece, “I read you.”
“I’m all set over here, sir.”
“How much time?” Tuck asked.
“Thirty seconds…” Hargrove counted.
“Rhodes, Cass, take cover. Give us back up if we need.”
“Roger that, Tuck.” Cass answered, “All set here.”
“Ten seconds…”
The walls turned transparent at each of the entrances, revealing the squads entering the lab. Hargrove set off his charges as his three targets entered the room. The resulting explosion confused the other two cyborgs, causing them to turn and open fire in Hargrove’s direction.
  Tucker took full advantage and sent several rounds into the backs of one of the cyborgs. Samuels, quickly joined Tucker and took the second cyborg down to its knees, but not before the Sergeant took a direct hit to his chest from the plasma weapon and fell to his knees, wincing with pain.
Cass took aim at the remaining cyborg and finished him off. The doors to the lab once again turned opaque and all returned to quiet.
Tucker raced over to Samuels, who was gripping his chest, “Ah,” he moaned, “Tuck, I really don’t recommend you taking a hit from one of those things.”
“Doc! Need your help over here!” Tucker shouted, “Hargrove, reset your timer for 45 minutes…we can expect that’s when the next attack will occur.”
“…and you can bet they’ll send more next time,” Cass added.
Rhodes came to Samuels’ aid and examined him with another scanner. He used the handheld device, passing a blue colored light over his injury, “This is just amazing technology.”
“I’m glad you find this interesting, Doctor,” Samuels groaned, “But will I make it or not? I feel like I was hit by a Mac truck.”
“I’m not surprised, Sarge. This weapon…well, it seems to break down your tissue on a molecular level. I’m reading cell degradation on his chest.”
“What about my heart, Doc? It’s hurting bad…pressure…am I having a heart attack?”
“No, you’ll be fine, though I don’t recommend taking another hit, at least in the same place.”
“Why do you say that Rhodes?” Samuels asked.
“Your heart will explode inside your chest cavity.”
“Oh…I see…well, that’s duly noted then.”
“Can you get up? We should get back to Gus.”
“Yeah, I think so. Just give me a hand, Tuck.”
Tucker offered his hand to the Sergeant, the Sergeant raised his to salute, and then gave him a sheepish smile.
“Guess you haven’t lost your sense of humor,” Tuck smiled back.
Samuels got back to his feet with Tuckers help. With Samuels’ arm around Tucker’s neck, they returned to the central computer station.



Chapter 10

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 18:50


“There! That should do it,” Sam said from under the Salvage-1 pilot console. “Cal, do you copy?”
“I copy, Sam. I’m activating the toners now. Get back to the ship; I’m almost done with the refit.”
“That was brilliant strategy fitting the alien weapons to the ship’s systems.”
“Well, I kind of didn’t make it that far.”
“Cal,” Sam protested, closing the bay door of the last ship she fit with the repeating tone generator, “You were going to…”
“Sorry,” Cal interrupted, “I had another project ahead of that one. “You’ll not be disappointed…”
“You better be right, Cal.”
Sam trotted up the ramp of the Salvage-5, grabbed a knapsack, strapped two additional rail rifles over her shoulder and pocketed as many clips as her flight suit would carry.
“Did anyone ever tell you that you are one ingenious fellow?”
“Well…maybe a time or two,” Cal smiled.
“Not only did you restore the power to the other salvage ships, you came up with the tone generator to confuse the cyborgs.”
“It was really quite an easy matter…once I had the time to think about it.”
“Using tones, like we needed to use when we first arrived.”
“Yes, I figured that if the tones would work for entering the complex, we can use their own technology against them.”
“How did you come up with the right frequency?”
“The scan of the Savage clone revealed the setting. I compared that reading, to the other two remains, and they matched. Her circuitry was tuned to one set, so when I damaged the unit, the main computer lost connectivity and she regained awareness.”
“You make it sound so…cold.”
“They are just clones, it wasn’t the real Savage that you shot between the eyes…and how could you do that?”
“I did it for survival.”
“Yeah, but what if we were wrong about that one being a clone?”
“If we were wrong, it wouldn’t have mattered, she wasn’t Savage any longer.”
“Point taken,” Cal nodded.
“You sure these tone generators will work?”
“Positive, I have tuned them to allow the section in the complex, that those are placed at, will dissolve the bio-organic making a door. It will also serve as the wireless repeater. As long as the unit remains intact, I’ll still receive your signal.”
“I know you wanted to be the one to rescue Tucker…are you sure you’re okay with staying here?”
“I’m fine, Sam. We both know you’ll have a better chance without me slowing you down.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Cal.”
“No, really…you don’t have to tell me that I need to lose a few pounds. I would just slow you down…’sides, I’ve rigged each ship to the Salvage-5’s console. Those toners will confuse any cyborgs that enter. I can use any of the ships weapons systems and take ‘em all down before any of them get to Salvage-5.”
“Okat, seal her up,” Sam said, then trotted down the ramp and headed for the exit.
“Good luck, Captain.”
She stopped, turned to give him a quick salute, and then continued toward the exit.
Cal quickly raised the bay door, closed and headed to his seat in the cockpit where he’d wait for any cyborg attacks.
Sam had nearly made it to the exit when seven cyborgs entered the room, directly in front of her. She darted right and headed to the cover of Salvage-3’s left landing strut. Diving to the ground, she averted being struck by one of their energy weapons. She rolled on the ground, took her stance and opened fire on the attacking cyborgs.
Cal exclaimed an expletive, “Sam! Hold on!”
He reached for his console and activated the tone generator on the ship directly behind them.
The cyborgs stopped firing, turned and opened fire on the ship that was sending out the tone, that only the cyborgs could hear.
Sam continued to empty several clips at the cyborgs back, “Sam, save your ammo,” then she heard the sound of the ships weapons spool up with a whine. She hit the deck, covering her head with her arms as Cal blasted the ship’s large caliber rail weapons into the center of the cyborg pack. Pieces of machine and human flesh flew in all directions, leaving only two cyborgs standing. The cyborgs now raised their hands in front of them, and they turned in the direction of the firing guns.
Sam opened fire again, but this time her bullets were kept from penetrating by some kind of field the cyborgs had generated.
The cyborgs lifted their weapons with their free hand and aimed at Sam. Cal had turned the weapons on the ship directly behind once again and fired two blasts, taking both cyborgs down.
“Sam? You okay?” Cal asked into Sam’s head set.
“Yeah, I think so…what happened anyway?”
“They adapted rather quickly…we’ll have to change strategy,” Cal said, scratching the back of his head. “You sure you want to go down there?”
“Yes, I’m sure. Last time I stayed behind I took a bullet in my leg, remember?”
“How can I not remember.”
“Okay, then…but we will change strategy.”
“How so?”
“I’m not leaving any doors open that I make with your tone generator.”
“Sam, we’ll be cut off…”
“I know we will, but it’s the only sure way that will prevent me from being found.”
“I know what you’re trying to do…what if they already know these doors are open, wouldn’t it be better…”
“Cal,” she interrupted, “We don’t know that they will know, and until such time, I’m not leaving a trail behind. Now I think you should worry about the next set of cyborgs to come and be ready for them. If they have adapted, I’m not sure our weapons will have much effect on them.”
“What if you run into more than you can handle?”
“I can walk through these walls and go in any direction. They’d have to have telepathy to track me.”
“I wouldn’t bet that they don’t already have that ability.”
“I better high tail it, Cal,” Sam said limping toward the exit, “They’re coming a lot faster now, so be ready…and Cal?”
“What’s that Sam?”
“Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone…I don’t need to rescue your sorry ass too.”
“Very funny…Captain.”
Sam passed through the energy field to the corridor, losing her wireless connection to Cal, “Okay, then,” she said to herself, “Hang in there Savage, I’m coming to find ya.”
She crept down the corridor and took the first right. Noticing the halls being lined with cyborgs gave her the creeps.
“Get a grip, sweetie,” she whispered, “They’re not our crewmates, they’re all clones…don’t forget that.”
She came to a stop half-way down the hall. She reached in one of the pouches of her knapsack and took out a small disk that looked like a flattened grenade. She set it on the floor, locking it into position and turned the device until it clicked.
The floor in front of the device began to ripple like water after a rock had been tossed at it. Then the bio-organic material separated, making a neat hole in the floor.
“Pretty nifty, Cal,” then she turned the device off and removed it from the floor. “Okay, here we go,” and she jumped through the floor down to the next level.
She looked up and saw the floor grow back together, sealing her at the second level. After winding down the various corridors, she stopped again and dropped to the third level.
When she hit the ground, her leg folded behind her causing her to yell out in pain. When Sam looked up, there were two cyborgs approaching her. She scrambled the best she could to get around the corner and got to her feet. 
The cyborgs rounded the corner and were met with several rounds from her rifle, putting them both down quickly. She put holes in both of their heads just to make sure they weren’t communicating with the main computer system. She really didn’t want to have an entire army coming down on her.
She knew she was getting close. One more level and then she could meet up with the others.
Her hopes that the two cyborgs were caught off guard and hadn’t sent a message, were shattered with the sounds of several more cyborg heading her way.
“Crap! Got to keep moving,” then she got a new idea. On the corridor wall, with no clone cylinders, she placed one of the devices and opened the wall to a room behind them.
Then she placed one on the ceiling, around the corner, and left it in place, hoping to throw the other cyborgs in the wrong direction. Then she headed back to the door she made in the wall and removed it, sealing herself inside the room.
When the illumination brightened by her presence, she found several computer wire harnesses connected to the back sides of all the tubes. The bundles ran in raceways down the wall and through the floor. 
She stepped over to a computer terminal, thinking it was an odd place for such a device and then noticed that the screen at the station was displaying their language.
“Hmmm, the alien computer core must have had to grow these interfaces…and if the cyborg clones needed to access a computer terminal, then they may not always have wireless communications.”
She made a few keystrokes and discovered that it wasn’t a secure terminal, “This is just too weird,” she said out loud, “This is just too easy…look at this. I have access to all the cyborg clone cylinders in this block…but why would they even build such an interface…this doesn’t make any sense.”
She pressed a few more commands, looking deeper into the system, “Huh, I can access the entire cells on this level…in fact, I can shut them down…wait…what’s this?”
She typed more commands, manipulating the computer console, “There are a total of ten-thousand clones in this complex…and they’re going to hatch in just a little over two hours? Crap, we need to get out of here before this complex is crawling with these things.”
She attempted to send a command to shut down the cylinders, but was returned with an access code request.
“Figures, well…I better keep moving. Need to find the others, I’ll bet Cal could break this code.”
She turned to leave the confines of the room the way she came and then stopped, “Why not just go down from here. They don’t seem to know I’m in here,” she thought out loud.
Taking one of her toners, she activated it on the floor and dropped through, “I think I’ll leave this one active. 
“Wait a minute,” she exclaimed, “Why not set up an entire set, that’ll give us a quick and hidden way to ascend to the top level.”
She proceeded to set up the series of ladders and openings on the four levels. Satisfied with her work, she descended to the fourth level and exited the room unnoticed.

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 18:52

Calvin continued to monitor the flight deck when several cyborgs entered the area. Two of the cyborgs were in front with a hand stretched out before them, the other dozen or so cyborgs seemed to be staying behind the protection of the first two. They approached the first ship on their left while two other cyborgs fell back and began protecting the cyborg force from its flank.
“Amazing,” Calvin remarked, “They’re actually learning from every encounter…this is simply fascinating.”
Cal read his instruments and took readings on the signal the main computer was sending to these cyborgs.
“If I can isolate this carrier wave, I might be able to hack in and send a command to the hive…” better yet, he thought, what if I send a computer virus… “Of course, a computer virus, they most likely wouldn’t have any defenses for that.”
The cyborgs completed their scan of the first two ships, and made their way closer to the center of the landing bay.
“But first, I need to get rid of these things so I can program a virus.”
Cal opened fire on the cyborgs from all four of the ships, but the cyborgs repositioned again with the others surrounding the main body of cyborgs. The rail guns shot out hundreds of projectiles at the clones, but every one of them were stopped by a force field the cyborgs were projecting.
“I can’t get through with this weapon, but maybe another will!”
Cal set the controls on the others ships to keep randomly firing, “That ought to keep them busy.”
He got up from his seat and made his way to the upper cargo deck and to the MECH’s upper hatch.
He came to the hatch, pressed a command code on the console which slid a round door open. Below he could see the MECH, the upper section open for entry.
Crawling down the hole, he slid into the Mechanical fortress, clipping his feet into the stirrups. He buckled himself with the harness, closed the top of the MECH and switched on the main power.
Servos whirred as the MECH came to life, “This is cool,” Cal nodded with a smile, “Sorry Hargrove, I need to borrow your little toy.”
The MECH pressurized and a blue colored heads up display image projected before Calvin as he looked out the front of the mechanical lifter.
His arms lay on armrests; each of his hands had keypad for typing, but could freely move his arms, which the MECH would mimic in his motions.
“Okay, you bastards…I’ll bet you haven’t learned about this!” he shouted, pressing another command, the MECH dropped to the landing pad from the Salvage-5’s housing, hitting the floor with a loud clank. 
The cyborgs turned to see what the noise was as they continued to deflect the rounds that continued to fire from the other salvage ships.
Cal pointed his arms at the cyborgs and opened fire with his rail guns, but the cyborgs adapted and deflected those shots as well.
Seeing that his rail guns weren’t making any progress other than keeping the cyborgs contained in one place, he activated the new MECH’s weapons.
“Here! Try to adapt to this!” he yelled as the triggered the alien weapons he had fixed to the MECH. 
The alien weapons spun up with a whir and then fired two pulses each at the cyborg. The shield momentarily gave way, sending some of the projectiles through. Three of the cyborgs within the protection field fell to the floor, but they quickly reinforced this shielding with the addition of two more cyborgs raising their arms toward Cal and the MECH.
Calvin started walking the MECH around the perimeter of the cyborgs and fired again. He took out a couple more, but they quickly reinforced their shielding once more.
“These things just refuse to die,” then he changed direction and ran the MECH right at them. 
He opened fire with everything he had on board, confusing the cyborgs. He came right up to the group, pulled one of his giant arms back and swung, striking the two main cyborgs and sending them sprawling to the ground.
The shield weakened and his rail guns took out the rest of the cyborg group, “Whew, that was difficult. I need to get back to the ship and get my virus program written.”
Just before he turned the MECH to return to the ship, another larger group of cyborgs entered the landing bay.
“Oh…no…no…no… I don’t have time to play with you today!”
He thought of what he could do and then it came to him, “Of course! They’re biological creatures…they need air just like we do.”
Then he raised his arms in the air, pointing the rail guns at the domed ceiling. Activating the magnetic locks on the feet of the MECH, he opened fire.
The rail guns on the MECH sent hundreds of rounds upward to the dome, cutting a small hole. Then he blasted the alien pulse weapons, breaking a large hole in the dome structure.
The escaping air sucked the cyborgs and pulled them from the deck and upward toward the hole, they began firing their weapons at the MECH, but it was too late, they were evacuated quickly into space, killing them in moments.
“Yeah baby! Now, that’s what I call inventive!” he rejoiced, then he looked up, “Oh crap…how are the others going to get back to the ship now? Well, I’m sure I’ll think of something.”
Cal walked the MECH back to the underside of Salvage-5 where he had been dropped and sent a command for two rails to extend around the MECH. The arms locked onto the mechanical walker and raised it back inside the ship, sealing him safe inside.
Cal quickly exited the MECH from the top hatch and returned to the command center where he began writing his virus.



Chapter 11

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 19:00


“Gus…Gus, can you hear me?” Tucker asked, leaning closer to the man.
“He’s out again,” Rhodes said, “They must have drugged him again.”
“Have you figured out a way to disconnect him when we need to?”
“I’m getting closer,” Rhodes answered, “But I think Cass is farther along than I in completing her task.”
Cass had returned to the terminal at the center complex, “Rhodes is right, Tuck. I can remove this core anytime…but doing so, will cause Gus’s connection to terminate. They’re interconnected.”
“It’s like cutting his leg off,” Rhodes said with his hand on his chin, “It may hurt like hell, but it won’t kill you.”
“That is unless you don’t stop the bleeding,” Tuck added.
“Tuck, there are a lot of risks,” Cass said, “It could kill him.”
“Okay…Cass, I want you to be ready to yank that thing. We’re taking that tech with us when we bug outta here. Rhodes, wake him again. I want to find out if there is anything more about this complex we need to know…I’ll keep Gus busy while you start to disconnect him. It might be better to do this with him being awake.”
“He does have a point,” Rhodes said, looking over at Cass, “However, there is even greater risk using more drugs to bring him around.”
“Rhodes, I know it’s a long shot that Gus will survive this. But if anyone could, it would be Gus. Now I have to make a decision…do I wake him and get all the info possible and risk killing him with the drugs, or do I yank the unit, knowing that’ll surely kill him as well as bringing a fortress of cyborgs on us?”
“Tuck, I’ll back you either way,” Cass said.
Rhodes nodded in agreement with Cass, “You make the call, Colonel.”
“How much time until we can expect more?”
“Hard to say, Sir,” Hargrove said, “Thirty minutes? Maybe less?”
“We still have to find Savage,” Samuels managed to say, still recovering from the plasma weapon.
Tuck thought for a few moments, looking at Cass, “You can just yank it out and run?”
“Yes.”
“Wake him.”
“Okay, just understand, I don’t know what…”
Tucker cut the doctor off in mid-sentence, “I’m fully aware of the risks, Doctor.”
Rhodes took out his hyper spray and loaded it with the drugs, placed the head of the device on Gus’s neck and squeezed the trigger, showing no emotion.
Tucker winced at the medicine injected through Gus’s skin, “Jeez, Doc.”
Rhodes turned to Tucker, “What?”
“Doesn’t that hurt?”
“Didn’t hurt me…so no,” Rhodes smiled, “He’ll come around in a few moments.”
Gus fluttered his eyes and opened them. He was met with four heads looking over him, “Hey, you mind giving a guy some breathing room over here,” he managed to say.
“Gus, can you hear me? This is Tucker.”
“Jeez man, I’m not blind, I can see it’s you…and yes I can hear you.”
“Wow, a little cranky aren’t we?”
“Tucker, there isn’t much time…you need to get outta this house of fun…let me tell you.”
“Gus, you need to listen to me for a minute.”
“No,” Gus said, cutting him off, “You need to listen to me for once.”
“Okay, okay...says the man who’s in need of my help.”
“Tuck…I’m not getting out of here. It’s too late for me.”
“Gus, don’t be ridiculous…tell him doc…he’s being ridiculous.”
“Tuck, they’re breeding our DNA…There’s thousands of them in this complex. They’re going to activate in about two hours.”
“Thousands?” Tuck said, glancing between Gus and Cass. “Can you tell us when the next assault team will arrive?”
Gus closed his eyes and concentrated for a moment, then opened his eyes and looked at Tuck, “You got about twenty five minutes.”
“Can you stop them from coming?”
“No, I don’t think so. I’ve tried, but the main computer core continues to ignore my requests.”
“The doctor is working on a way to remove you…”
“No Tuck! Don’t do that!”
Rhodes lifted his hands in the air, stopping what he was doing to prepare for the disconnect.
“I don’t know everything, but I need to tell you what I do know before I’m put back to sleep.”
“You can tell us all about this back on the Salvage-5.”
“Tuck, I’m not coming back.”
“Here we go again with that? Doc, you sure his wires aren’t getting crossed up?”
“Tuck, everyone out except you…you too Cass. Only Tuck.”
“Gus?”
“Tucker, quit wasting time and do as I ask!”
“Okay, okay…but only for a moment…”
“…a moment’s all I’ll need, there’s something I need to tell you…privately.”
The room cleared and Tucker nodded to Gus, “Okay, buddy. What is it that’s so important?”
“I have cancer, Tuck.”
“Jeez, Gus, knock off the kidding around…”
“Pancreatic…”
“You’re serious.”
“As a crutch…Tucker, that’s why I came on this little voyage. I figured, what’d I have to lose?”
“Ah, Gus.”
“Now don’t get all blubbery on me over here.”
“I understand now…”
“You understand? No, I really don’t think you do, Tuck.”
“Yes I do…Beverly had sympathy sex…that’s all it was….”
“Tucker! I never slept with Bev…”
“Oh, come on now…just because you’re gonna die…that’s what this is about, clearing your own conscious…”
“…that’s not it at all, Tuck. Listen, Bev and I…we go way back…”
“Uh uh…”
“She’s the only one that I trusted to tell.”
“Ten years ago?”
“It was the slow progressing kind, Tuck. I never slept with Bev, you left her for nothing.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“God knows I tried…you stubborn old fool…you’d never give me the time to tell you…you never wanted to hear me.”
“Why didn’t Bev tell me?”
“Same reason…you hurt her by thinking she was unfaithful.”
“Gus…I’m…”
“Sorry? That’s what you’re gonna say? Come on, tell me it ain’t so,” Gus smiled.
“Yes. Okay…I’m sorry Gus…wow, am I such an ass, or what?”
 “Ahhh, satisfaction at last.”
“What, that’s your dying wish or something? You wanted to hear me say I was sorry?”
“Yeah, that meant a lot to me.”
“Well okay then. You heard it…just keep that between us, though, okay?’
“Yeah, I’ll keep that to us, Tuck. As long as you promise to keep my cancer a secret. No one else knows…’K?”
“Okay, Gus. You have my word.”
“Okay, bring in the rest. I need to tell you what this complex is…before it’s too late.”
“You’re right about one thing, we don’t have a lot of time,” then he called the rest together.
“Gus here is going to explain to me, and the good doctor here, what this complex is all about. Now, we really don’t have much time left…so, Hargrove, I want you and Cass to go set the charges around the room…set em all...”
“…enough to blast the entire Puget Sound Basin enough?...Sir?” Hargrove smiled.
“I like this guy,” Tucker pointed with his thumb.
“I’ll give you both a hand,” the Sarge said, rubbing his chest, “I think I’m okay for that now.”
“Okay, chop, chop now,” Tucker clapped. “Gus, tell us about the complex, where’s my crewman, Savage, what’ve they done to her?”
“Easy, Tuck,” Gus said. “Let me tell you that this complex has been here, buried in this asteroid, for thousands of years.”
“What happened, did they crash?”
“They didn’t crash…this complex was built for this function…you see, this race was dying out. So they sent these spheres all over the galaxy in hopes to spread their life and knowledge among the stars. Contained within this center of the ship are huge caches of some kind of bio-mechanical organic matter. They knew their kind would never survive the long journey to the other solar systems, so they programmed these artificial life units…” 
“…Those were the cyborg clones we played cards with on our way down here,” Tuck smiled.
“Yes, there are three mechanical ones; they were the caretakers, and the ones who got us.”
“Got you? Where are they now?”
“Their programming concluded as soon as the first clones were developed, they’re parked in a station right below us. That’s where Savage is, she’s just been plugged in. Less than an hour ago, there’s still time to rescue her.”
“What did they do to you?”
“When I was taken, it was by our own clones. But the way I understand it, the CSMO’s close proximity and the harpoon strike alerted the alien computers. It awoke the mechanicals, they have this unlimited power source, kept everything dormant and asleep all those millennia.”
“So I was right, they did wake up the alien tech.”
 “That’s when the mechanicals came to life and pulled the CSMO into the landing bay.”
“Doesn’t seem to be a very benevolent act on their part.”
“These beings, they don’t perceive things the way we do. They offered us a gift of great power.”
“What’s this thing that’s implanted in your brain?”
“Tucker, this tech is so far advanced. They start us off with an injection, a chip. In seconds, it takes hold and begins to grow. It actually grows computer technology using a small amount of the bio-mechanical material. Just a small amount is all it takes to grow the chips right into our cerebral cortex. From there, it modifies the human DNA and is able to replicate itself. That’s how it grows and takes over our entire body…they become part of us.”
“You’ve got cancer,” Rhodes nodded.
“Tuck, you promised…”
“Hey, I never said a word…Doc? How’d you know?”
“It’s easy,” Rhodes explained, “That explains why his body wasn’t completely taken over by the alien tech. It knew his body was defective and stopped.”
“The doctor is right. That’s why it stopped growing, but now I’m paralyzed. Since it took over part of my spinal cord, and never grew the traces over my arms and legs, I was put in this…chamber.”
“What are they using you for if your body was of no use to them?”
“They do value life, Tucker. They valued life so greatly; they wanted to preserve themselves…”
“…through others.”
“Like I said, they perceive things differently than we do. They didn’t expect we would fight this. From their point of view, there technology would only benefit our race. In their eyes, their only wish was to enhance life.”
 “If they’re so advanced, why didn’t they cure your cancer?”
“It wasn’t programmed into their systems. I was the first species they had encountered with this disease…the chip that was implanted didn’t contain the programming, now it does…but it was too late for me. Tucker, when these cyborg clones are activated, there’s no chance in hell of you preventing them from taking our ships to Earth.”
“Why didn’t they just land on Earth in the first place? It’d be a done deal by now.”
“They have one Achilles Heel.”
“And that would be?”
“They didn’t have a way to test our atmosphere for biological contaminates that would be deadly to them. Instead, they would wait for the development of a society to be strong enough that would have built immunity and anti-bodies for them.”
“But why bury this sphere ship thing so far down? We might never have encountered them.”
“That was not the plan. It was supposed to be stationary in space, but the asteroid material formed around it. The gravitational properties of the sphere entering this region of space, asteroids were still being formed; they just got caught within this formation, which then prevented our scientists from detecting…that is until the poor souls of the CSMO found it.”
“Is there any way to remove the implants?”
“Yes, they can be surgically removed…but Tuck, the control unit you’re going to take; it contains only a piece of the process. You need to bring this to our people. It will be a way to heal our sick people…turn this into a gift and not a curse.”
“My boy has been in an accident…are you saying that this…chip…can save him? Bring him out of his coma and restore his body?”
“Bennie? Oh no, Tuck…I’m sorry…I didn’t know.”
“Will it help him?”
“Yes, Tuck. We can reverse engineer the chip in Savage’s head and that unit; the others have been converted and are not recoverable.”
“It can also be used as a weapon.”
“Tuck, the benefit that this tech can bring our people…sure, with anything, it could be used in bad ways.”
“Now I understand why the Vatican is so interested in obtaining this tech.”
“The Vatican?”
“Yeah, I was initially wrong. I thought they wanted to cash in on drug companies, but it won’t stop there. They want to offer mankind the guarantee of healing by joining their church…just think of the boost in their power in the world they would have…with this chip, they’ll have physical irrefutable proof that people can be healed.”
“Then you mustn’t let them have it,” Gus said.
“Oh, don’t worry about that…my friend.”
“Doctor,” Gus began, “I asked Tucker to keep the cancer part private…I would appreciate you doing the same.”
“Oh, by all means…doctor-patient confidentiality and all.”
“Tucker, I think I’m getting closer to gaining access to the main core of this complex. Set your charges and run. I’ll continue to work on breaching their core; I might be able to cause some confusion with the cyborgs…at least at first.”
“Just buy us enough time to find Savage and get out of here.”
“Tuck, just know that the more encounters you have with them, the more they’ll learn and adapt.”
“I think we’ve seen some of that already.”
“There’s more though.”
“I’m all ears, Gus.”
“The chip amplifies our minds, it allow us to develop way beyond our dreams.”
“Such as?”
“Such as, telekinetic abilities, perceptions, projections…whatever you put your mind to do, you can accomplish.”
Rhodes looked up at Tucker, “He’s right, Colonel. There is great potential in this tech.”
“Anything else you want to tell us, Gus?”
“No, that’s about all I know. God speed, Colonel.”
“Cass,” Tucker called through his wireless, “How ya coming on setting up?”
“We’re almost done, Tuck.”
“Hargrove here, sir. I count ten minutes before the next attack.”
“Affirmative,” Hargrove heard in his headset.
“Cass, give me a hand with this last one.”
“Sure, Lieutenant.”
Cass kneeled down to assist setting Hargrove’s last charge, “Samuels, how you coming over there?”
“I’m done and in position.”
“Cass!” Hargrove exclaimed, pointing at the wall.
The wall began to turn transparent, “Lock and load everyone!” Cass yelled, “They’re early!”
Cass and the others took aim at the entrance that had just formed, and then she raised her fist in the air, “Hold your fire!” as Captain Rothschild entered the room.
“Jeez everyone one, take it easy,” Sam said, raising the palms of her hands, “I’m a friendly.”
Tucker gasped as he saw Sam enter the room, “What the hell are you doing down here…Captain?” Tucker yelled through his wireless. “You nearly got yourself killed just now!”
“Oh Commander, you don’t know the half of it.”
“I told you to stay behind!”
“Right, like I was going to subject myself to getting shot in the leg again…at least this way, I have control over my own fate.”
“If you had of been in the cockpit and not standing there like a fly on manure in the desert, you might not have been shot…Captain.”
“I brought supplies…”
“Oh, well in that case, Captain. Please make yourself useful and take position.”
“Commander, we might not be able to hold them off this time. Cal and I held a dozen or so off, but just barely…he rigged these toners, restored power to the other ships and used their fire power to overcome them. There’s no telling what the next attack would bring…but these toners allow us to open doorways anywhere we need. They will hold the door open, I’ve managed to secure a four tiered opening that connects all our levels.”
“What else do you have up your little sleeve, Captain?”
“Before I got here, I came across a computer console. Cal was hacking in and had just enough time to relay a message before the console shut him out. If we can establish a wireless connection to the main core of this complex, Cal is writing a virus to infect these clones…he thinks that will cause a catastrophic core failure…in the meantime, here are some alien rifles I grabbed from my last encounters.”
Sam tossed the rifles to Cass and Hargrove.”
“Sweet!” the lieutenant exclaimed.
“Sam,” Tucker ordered, “We’ll hold them off. I need you and Samuels to go down one more level and get Savage.”
“Tuck,” Rhodes said, “I should go with them. If she’s connected to anything like Gus…”
“Go!”
“Three minutes,” Hargrove counted.
“Come on, Sarge, Doc,” Sam waved, “Follow me.”
She ran to the opposite side of the room and placed one of her toners and opened a hole in the floor.
She placed one of the collapsible ladders down and motioned Samuels down first, then the Doctor. She climbed down partway, reached over and took the toner. After locking it on the ceiling on the new level, she turned it off, closing the opening, but sealing the ladder to the material. 
The room they entered was much different; smaller in size. In the very center of the room were three centurion looking metallic robots. Powered down, and cold looking.
 This floor contained all the members of the Salvage-4 crew, evenly spaced around the perimeter of the room. They were strapped down, similar to Gus’s apparatus, but not as sophisticated. All of them were jacked into cables that lead to the center of the room, just above the metallic cyborgs, and all were unconscious.
“They must be harvesting their DNA,” Rhodes exclaimed.
Sam scanned the room and discovered Savage, “There!”
They ran to her side and noticed that there weren’t any computer traces on her skin as yet, “I think we’re in time,” Rhodes nodded, “I can get her out of this. Once she’s unplugged, I’ll wake her.”
“You sure it’s safe?”
“No, I’m not sure of anything right now,” Rhodes said, with sweat dripping down his forehead.
“Do it,” Sam ordered.
“Okay…here goes nothing.”
Rhodes began disconnecting the wire from the back of Savage’s head. With one tug, he pulled the plug from the jack sending Savage into a seizure.
“Quick!” Rhodes said in a panic, “Hold her down.”
The two held her still the best they could while Rhodes prepared another concoction. He again held the tip of the nozzle and shot the drugs in Savage’s body, relaxing her a few moments later.
“Man, that was close,” Rhodes said, “That wasn’t your typical seizure.”
“How so?” Samuels asked.”
“When I pulled the jack out, it caused a severe electrical short. If I hadn’t put her out when I did, her brain would have fried.”
“Can you get her out of this thing?”
“Yes, but it’s going to take a little longer than expected.”
Rhodes continued to disconnect the lieutenant from the table and its connections while they heard the noise of weapons firing above them.
“Doctor, it’s started. We need to help them; they’re going to be seriously outnumbered.”
“Just another minute and I’ll have it. Then I can wake her…she’ll be a little groggy, but she’ll be able to make it without too much help.”
“Hurry, Rhodes…”
“There!” the doctor said. He prepped another shot and quickly administered the drug.
Savage began to wake up almost immediately, “Wha…what happened? Where am I?”
“Never mind that now Lieutenant, let’s move.”
The Sarge and doctor Rhodes helped Melissa off the table and took her to the ladder where Sam had reopened the opening in the ceiling.
The noise of concussion explosions and rapid fire rail guns, mixed in with alien pulsars, filled the room as they ascended the ladder.
Tucker stood near the hole where Sam and the others were coming through, not seeing the cyborg descending behind him from the ceiling. The cyborg reached down and injected a substance with a protruding probe into Tucker’s neck. He instantly fell limp in the hands of the cyborg.
Sam yelled out at the sight of him being pulled through a hole in the ceiling, “Tucker!!”



Chapter 12

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 19:35

Completed Objectives:
AQUIRE ALIEN TECH
RECOVER SURVIVORS


Cass looked on in horror, seeing Tucker being pulled away right before her eyes. But all she could do was scream in anger and continue firing at the cyborgs that continued to pour into the room.
Ten, fifteen, and then twenty cyborgs fell at the hands of the Salvage-5’s rail guns. Hargrove stood and fired in one direction, while Cass kneeled under him, firing in another.
Sam and Samuels picked up their alien weapons and began sending rapid fire pulsar blasts into the crowd of cyborg.
The doctor picked up Tucker’s alien weapon he had dropped and began firing on more cyborg coming through the rear entrance.
“They’re surrounding us, we can’t hold them back for long!” Cass shouted.
“How many rounds you have left, Cass?”
“I’ve got three clips, you?”
“Down to my last one now…I’m out,” he said, firing the last round. Then he tossed it aside, “Switching to the alien issue.”
He pulled the trigger and blasted three cyborgs in one shot.
“Wish you had of done that sooner, Hargrove,” Cass yelled.
“I wish I had of done that sooner too.” 
The intensity on his face turning to rage, as he fought to take out the last of the cyborg coming through the entrance. Then he turned and added his pulsing blasts at Cass’s door.
“I’m out too!” Cass yelled, then picked up her alien weapon that Sam had tossed her earlier and began taking out the last three cyborgs.
She stood and ran over to Sam, and the others, and finished off the ones Rhodes had begun to battle.
“We did it!” Hargrove rejoiced.
“We did nothing!” Cass yelled with anger, “We lost Tucker!”
“Yes, we did…but we’ll find him…I know we will,” Hargrove said, assuring himself more than the others. 
“Gus!” Rhodes shouted, “Is he alright?”
“As long as we’re not standing in his perimeter field, he’s protected,” Cass said, “Come on; let’s see if he’s still conscious.”
 They arrived at Gus’s side, his eyes were closed, but his eyebrows were furrowed.
“Gus?” Cass asked.
“Shhh,” is all she heard in return.
They waited a few painful moments before Gus opened his eyes, “I know where he is.”
“You know about Tucker?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Why didn’t you warn us, why did they take Tuck?”
“I didn’t have access to that file until the plan had been executed…then it was too late.”
“So, where is he and how much time do we have again?”
“He’s in the staging area. They thought that if they took your leader, the rest of the hive would become confused and they could overtake you on the next attack.”
“What they did, was stir up a hornet’s nest…sorry,” Cass said, “I’m only going to get more in their face now.”
“Yes, a miscalculation on their part. Their next strategy is based on the disruption of the hive.”
“Time?”
“Fifteen, at best.”
“They’re getting quicker at this.”
“Yes, until we reach zero count and the rest of the ten thousand cyborgs are activated.”
“You need to get out of here…now…find Tucker and get his ass off this complex. Pull my plug, I’ll try to keep up for as long as I can.”
“Gus, did anyone ever tell you…”
“…that I’m a great guy? Yeah…all the time…unlike Tucker,” he smiled. “Now go! Tucker is one level up. Make your wireless connection at one of those ports. You can have Cal send the virus to that point.”
Cass reached down and kissed Gus on the cheek, “I’ll make it right, Gus…we’ll not fail…I won’t let these alien bastards take Earth…there’s just no way!”
She gritted her teeth and looked up at Sam, “Okay, let’s get up there and find him.”
“I’m on it, sister.”
Cass reached over to the unit. Grabbing the bundle of wires and yanked it out of its socket.
Gus immediately began to convulse, his eyes fluttered and rose to the back of his head as he began gasping for air.
“Don’t look okay,” Cass warned. “Savage, are you okay,” kneeling by her side.
“I...I’m okay,” she hesitated, “I’m feeling kind of weird though.
Rhodes knelt down by Melissa, “Weird how?”
“I don’t know,” she said, waving her arm in the air at him to back him away, Rhodes found himself pushed backward to the ground.
“Jeez, Lieutenant,” Hargrove smiled, “Looks like you got some kind of internal alien issued ordnance there.”
Cass smiled at Melissa, “That might come in handy, Lieutenant. But try to keep it under control for now.”
“What’s happening to me?” she cried.
“We’ll explain when we get back to the ship,” Cass said.
“Look,” Hargrove exclaimed.
Melissa raised her hand to the ceiling. A heat like wave issued from her arm and caused the ceiling to ripple, and then faded into an opening.
Cass looked at the hole, and then glanced at Melissa, “Did you just do that?”
“Yes. I just thought it and it worked.”
“Sam, get one of those ladders installed…”
“No, wait…allow me.” She stood and waved her hand in the air again. The bio-organic material began to drip down the opening, which soon formed into a solid ladder that they could easily climb, then she bowed and motioned with her arm, “After you.”
Cass simply gave the Lieutenant a strange look, smiled, and then ascended the steps to the next level.

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 19:37

Tucker regained consciousness in a couple of minutes, but found himself tied to a table with some type of apparatus installed around his head.
“Let me up!”
He tugged at the straps to no avail, “Let me up I say!”
A familiar face lowered over Tucker, “Savage…wait a minute…you’re not really Savage are you…you’re a Savage clone, aren’t ya?”
“Yes, I am a clone, Commander.”
“Let me up, don’t do this.”
“I cannot help myself, Commander.”
“Yes, you can…you can help it…just try a little harder…”
“The programming has engaged and I must complete my task. I am sorry, Tucker.”
“Hey, that just proves it…you can resist doing whatever it is you think you’re about to do.”
“I do not understand, Commander.”
“You called me Tucker…you have an emotional attachment to me…”
“I think the Savage unit would have said something like, in your wildest dreams, Tucker.”
“No, no you see…everyone’s got me all wrong, I just want to save my son.”
“Is your son ill?”
“My son was in a car accident…he’s in a coma. I need to get back to save his life…don’t you value life?”
“Yes…we value life greatly…but the greater good is at stake, our survival must move forward with the integration of our two species.”
“We will not allow you to take us over…your programming is in error…we humans like our freedom. Becoming joined with this tech, this takes our individuality away. We become mindless drones…so tell me…what quality of life is that really?”
“No…Tucker…you don’t understand. We can heal the sickness and give greater health. No poverty, we all work for a common goal…a life with no war, no death…you’re species will live forever…that is the quality of life we offer.”
“We don’t want to live forever…that’s just…just…too damn long…that’s what it is.”
“I fail to see your reasoning…I must continue…Commander.”
“What…what’s that in your hand there?”
“This is your bio-matrix chip. We will process your DNA and harvest your genes for clone production.”
“No, wait…no…don’t do this, Savage.”
Savage continued to prep Tucker. 
“Wait…I have one request.”
“And what would your one request be, Commander?”
“Reach in my vest and light me up one of my stogies.”
“Smoking is bad for your health, Commander…”
“That’s okay…you see, this chip you are about to install in me will, apparently, take care of that…”
The clone paused to consider his request, “Very well, Commander. I will do this for you.”
The Savage clone reached into tucker’s vest and placed the stogie in reach of Tucker’s teeth. She then took his lighter and held the flame up to it as he puffed on it.
“Ahhhh, that’s better.”
“Why do you enjoy something so much that is harmful to you?
“It’s called enjoying life…the small things in life are important to us…they make us happy,” then he took a long drag and blew the smoke in a cloud at the clones face.
She paused for a moment and considered the smoke, “Strange substance…foreign…must not allow…this…”
The clone began to convulse and twitch, then it fell to the floor in a heap.
“Wow…what the devil?” Tucker said raising his eyebrows, “Guess these things are worse on these clones that they are to us…humph…I’ll be damned.”
Just when Tucker expected the others to finally rescue him, another Savage clone entered the area.
“Commander, you must not be allowed to do that any longer,” and snatched it out of his mouth before he could take another puff.
“Ah, come on now…that’s an expensive cigar, you don’t just go around tossing them on the floor…”
“I’m sorry, Commander…I’m going to turn you over now…I promise it will only hurt for a minute or two.”
“Sorry, but that’s a really long time to hurt…come on…don’t do this.”
His requests turned a deaf ear as she rotated the table he was on, facing him at the ground.
The clone held the chip injector device up to the connector on the back of an apparatus that Tuck was strapped to. Then it began to squeeze the trigger to fire the chip into his head.
“Stop!” the woman shouted, coming up the steps.
Cass aimed and quickly fired at the clone, hitting it in her head with her sidearm. The reflex of the shot entering her skull, caused the clone to squeeze the trigger, firing the chip into Tucker’s head.
“Owwwwwwwwww! Damn that hurts…oh, come on,” Tucker yelled as the clone dropped to the floor.
Cass ran to Tucker’s side, “You alright!?”
“No! I’m not alright! I’ve been shot at, abducted, tied to a table, and injected with one of those chips, so NO, I’m not alright!”
“Jeez, Tuck. Take it easy,” the doctor said, catching up to Cass, “Let me have a look at ya.”
“Okay, come on now…get me off of this table already.”
“I want to see what they’ve done to you already, be patient.”
“She just pulled the damn trigger, so I’m fine…other than this wonderful migraine…I’ve got…what the hell!”
“It’s okay…the clone didn’t activate the chip. It’s inert.”
“You mean this thing’s not going to grow inside of my head?” Tuck asked, somewhat relieved.
“Nope, she didn’t finish the procedure,” then unlocked the table and spun him upright.
“Oh…jeez…warn me next time you do that, will ya?”
“Sure Tuck, anything you say,” Rhodes smiled as he unbuckled the straps holding him to the table and slowly sat him upright.
He rubbed the back of his neck, “Wow…yeah, that was fun…remind me to never to do that again…right?”
“You don’t have to tell me twice, Commander,” Cass smiled in return.
Tucker hopped off the table and looked around on the floor. He spotted his fine cigar and picked it up and placed it firmly back in his teeth, “Also, remind me to never give these things up.”
“What are you talking about?” Cass asked.
“My last wish, to this here first clone, was to take a puff from my cigar.”
“And?”
“…and, it appears that they can’t tolerate the smoke. She collapsed to the floor.”
“How ironic.”
“What?”
“These cancer rods we’ve been trying to get you to stop…likely just saved your life…unbelievable,” Cass said, shaking her head.
Tucker winked, “I keep telling ya, there not so bad for me…so, where are we anyway?”
“One of those cyborgs came down from behind and stuck you with a knockout drug. I saw it take you through the opening like it was nothing.”
“You got Savage,” Tucker smiled, then glanced at Cass, “They got Savage.”
“Yes, Commander. We’re all accounted for,” Hargrove reported. “But we need to make that wireless connection.”
“Right,” Sam nodded, “Over here. They said we could tie into one of these terminals.”
“Here, let me see,” Hargrove said, stepping up to help Sam. “Yeah, this should work nicely. I’ll have it ready in a couple of minutes.”
“Okay, we’ll need to make three more connections for Cal to send the signal, after this door,” Sam said, “the side of the cube where my access holes are in place, the side of the cube at the first level, and then on the main entrance to the landing bay.”
“All set here,” Hargrove reported.
Tucker smiled wide, puffed his cherished cigar, and blew a large puff above everyone’s heads, “For those about to rock…we salute you!”
“AC/DC?” Hargrove smiled.
“Yep, sure enough…”
“Wow, such old music…”
“Well, I’m just a nostalgic kind of guy.”
“Alright everyone,” the Sergeant shouted, “Let’s get moving…I don’t think we have a lot of time left.”
“Samuels is right,” Savage said, “We don’t have very much time.”
“Savage?” Cass asked.
“I’m in communication with the hive…they’re on their way here now!”
“Savage, can you communicate with them?”
“No, I’m only receiving instructions…we must hurry and destroy the complex before they take over my mind.”
Tucker looked at Savage with concern, “You gonna be okay? We shouldn’t have to worry about you should we?”
“Tucker!” Cass yelled.
“No, he’s right,” Savage said, placing her hand on Cass’s shoulder, “You shouldn’t trust me…I really don’t know when or if they will take control…I have a chip…I’ve been jacked into the main computer.”
“Well, that’s just great…” Hargrove said, aiming his weapon at Savage.
“No…you do not have to worry about me…at least not yet.”
“How can we be sure?” Tucker asked.
“Because, like you, they never completed the process. They were extracting my DNA for clones, and they started to download the programming to cause the chip to grow…but the Captain here interrupted the download when they yanked the plug.”
“Okay, so we’ll just keep an eye on you.” Tucker said.
“Tucker,” Savage asked, stepping up to him, “What color are my eyes?”
Tucker answered after his inspection, “There brown…why?”
“If my eyes turn green, that is an indication that the programming has completed. I would shoot me if that happens.”
“Shoot you?”
“Yes, Tuck…that’s the only way you’ll be safe...my abilities have already been activated…that’s the first stage to the programming…you must promise me…you must all promise me…you’ll do that…you’ll shoot me if my eyes turn.”
“Okay, okay…let’s just hope that doesn’t happen…cause leaving one behind is hard enough, I don’t want to lose two.”
“We must hurry now, they’re almost here.”
“Alright everyone,” Samuels instructed, “Move out!”




Chapter 13

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 19:45
	

“Uh, hold up Sarge,” Tuck said, with his hands on his hips.
“Tuck?”
“Listen, guys…I can’t leave him here.”
“You can’t go back, Tucker,” Cass urged, “It would be suicide.”
“I understand that…but, when was the last time you EVER saw me leave one of our own behind?”
“Tucker,” Cass began, stepping up to him. She gave him a long stare, “I’ve known you and been on almost every mission we served together on…this would be the first.”
Savage stepped up to Tucker, “I’ll go with you, Commander.”
Tucker pointed at Melissa, “See, she’s with me.”
“I may be a crazy fool, Tucker,” Cass smiled, “But I ain’t about to let you go back down there with Savage…no offence, Lieutenant.”
“None, taken, Cass. I think I have an idea on how to move him.”
“Okay, then it’s settled,” Tucker nodded, “Sergeant, Hargrove, I want you to take the tech back to the ship. Take Rhodes and the Captain, here with you. We’ll meet up with you at the ship.”
“Understood,” Samuels said, “How long do you want us to wait before we depart?”
“Give us an hour.”
“Pretty slim, Tuck.”
“The charges are set to go off at 21:00 hours,” Hargrove added.
“That’s only a fifteen minute window before we have to take-off.”
“Less than that,” Sam said, “We’ll need another fifteen minutes to get far enough away from the shock wave.”
“If we’re not back to Salvage-5 in an hour, get your asses out and blow this complex! That’s an order, just in case there was any doubt.”
“So you have an hour before take-off, and not a minute longer, we’ll need that last minute countdown.”
“Sergeant,” Tuck answered, “We’ll make it.”
“Hooo Rah!” Samuels shouted, “Alright, my team, let’s move out…good luck team Tuck.”
The two shook and then Samuels led his team out of the center room and headed toward the ship.
“Lieutenant?” Tuck asked, “Can you do the honors?”
“Certainly, Commander.
Savage stepped to the side and held her hands out toward the floor, which began to ripple before forming an opening to the level below.
“I’ll go first,” Melissa said, “If the clones are in the room, they will not attack me first.”
“By all mean, Lieutenant.”
Melissa, slowly descended the steps she had created from the bio-organic material. All was quiet before she called the all clear, and Tucker and Cass joined her at the level below.
They quickly ran to Gus, were he had been concentrating on breaking into the core of the computer, “What the hell are you doing back here?”
“Misery loves company?” Tuck smiled, “’Sides, you didn’t think I was gonna let you ruin my perfect score on bringing everyone back that’s alive, did ya?”
“No, I suppose not, Tuck…you’re even more crazy than we thought…coming back down here…man, what we’re you thinkin?”
“Shut up and listen now,” Tucker snapped, “We’ve got a plan for getting you out of here.”
“We’ve?” Cass quizzed, “Mind sharing?”
Tucker shrugged, “It’s the Lieutenant’s plan…right Lieutenant?”
“I believe I can remove him from the apparatus.”
“Guys, my arms and legs are paralyzed; I can’t walk. This failed tech inside of me, remember?”
“Yes, Gus. I do remember. But we have a secret weapon.”
“Yes, Gus. I will be reprogramming your chip that will restore you from your paralysis, as well as heal your cancer.”
“Ah, jeez, Tuck…how many people have you told…I knew I couldn’t trust you to keep a secret.”
“Cancer!?” Cass exclaimed.
“It was part of your physical profile, Gus,” Savage answered, “I believe I can manipulate the computer to send you a new program. Don’t worry; it will only contain the necessary code to restore your health. I will limit the program so you will not become like the others.”
“You’re certain you can do this, Savage?” Tucker asked, showing signs of worry.
“Yes, Commander. My eyes…Tucker…they’re still brown…Trust me, I’m on your side here.”
“Cass? Gus? Any objections?”
“None from me, Tucker…hell, if she can do this, I’m all in to gettin’ outta here.”
“Cass?”
“Alright, go, Savage…Gus, how much time before the next attack.”
“Any second.”
Savage stepped over to the wall and waved her hand, creating an interface to the computer. She then rested her arms on two pads and grabbed with her fists, two metal looking handles.
“That’s a pretty fancy trick you got there, missy,” Gus said.
Savage closed her eyes and concentrated on the needed code. Her mind linked directly through the two handles, pouring thousands of bits of data to the alien computer.
“Tucker!” Cass yelled, “Lock and load, they’re here!”
Tucker and Cass took opposite positions from one another, firing their alien issue pulse rifles, taking out as many of the attacking cyborg clones as they could. But they were quickly becoming over run with cyborgs.
“Savage!” Cass yelled, “You almost done? We could use a hand here!”
Melissa opened her eyes and then removed her arms from the apparatus she created. 
“The programming is complete,” she said to Gus, “Your programming will download in a few minutes. In about twenty, the chip should have rewired your connections to your arms and legs. The Cancer will disappear within a week.”
“Well, that’s just fine, Lieutenant…now how about helping your team.”
“There is no need to assist,” she said closing her eyes, she concentrated only for a moment before the clones, turned and retreated.
“What the devil?” Tuck exclaimed.
“What just happened?” Cass asked.
“I instructed the cyborgs to leave.”
“Okay, but how?”
“I was able to access a critical section of the main computer complex.”
“You tricked it?”
“Yes, but I am not sure for how long.”
“Hopefully, long enough to get out of here.”

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 19:00

Samuels climbed the ladder to the second level, “Come on you softies, only one more level to go and then we can make our way to the exit.”
“Right behind ya, Sarge,” Rhodes said. Sam followed next while Hargrove brought up the rear.
“Do you think they’ll make it, Sarge?” Hargrove asked.
“Not a chance in hell…but if anyone had any chance at all get to make it back out, it’s Colonel Tucker Petersen. Come on now, stop the chattering. We have 45 minutes to get back and prep the ship for take-off…not a minute later than 2045 hours.”
“I wasn’t kidding about getting a long way out,” Sam agreed, “We’ll need that fifteen minute flight time to get away from the blast zone.”
The team continued up the last level and then prepared to enter the corridor.
“We might just encounter more of those clone things. You can bet they know we’re making our way back to our ship,” the Sergeant nodded, as he pointed the way through.
Sam turned the knob on the toner attached as an exit point and led the team into the corridor. 
“The exit is only a few corridors away, move out,” the Sarge whispered.
He led his team down the corridor, and then Sam motioned to take the next left.
“Roger that.” Samuels turned down the left corridor. Hargrove continued to bring up the rear, checking behind him as they crept their way to the next turn.
“Take another left, then the last right, the exit will be straight ahead,” Sam instructed.
But after taking the next turn, Hargrove took a stance, “Cyborg, six o’clock!”
The team turned and joined Hargrove as he open fire on at least fifty cyborgs heading toward them.
They ducked around the last turn for cover and returned fire while darting out and around, hoping to get off a lucky shot.
“Come, on!” Samuels shouted, “We’re cuttin’ it a little too close!” What’s our time?”
“Time is 2040 hours!” Hargrove shouted over the weapons blasts.

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 20:10

“Hey, guys!” Gus exclaimed, “I got my feelings back,” he said, wiggling his fingers and toes.
“Okay,” Savage said, “He’s ready to be released.”
She again set her arms on the rests and grabbed the handles of the computer interface and then closed her eyes.
The mechanism that held Gus to the table began to release one by one until all the braces had popped lose. The nozzle at the back of Gus’s head pulled away, and the cage his head was in retracted, freeing him from the confines of the table.
Gus sat up, a little woozy and shaking his head.
“You sure you’re gonna be able to walk out of here?”
“I’ll be fine.”
“Come on then, let’s move out. The clock is ticking,” Tuck said, motioning to the two.
“This way,” the Lieutenant motioned.
Cass gave her a glance as she walked through the entrance to the level four corridors, ensuring her eyes were really still brown.
“Don’t worry Cass, I’m still on your side.”
“Still…that implies…”
“Enough you two, let’s get going...”
The four made their way to the access corridor that Sam had made.

Alien Complex
Sept. 4th 2064 20:43

Tucker rounded the corner and raised his hand motioning the others to halt.
“Gun fire!”
“Come on!” Tucker said, swinging his arm.
They doubled back to come to the cyborgs rear position where Cass took the floor and slid around the corner, “I don’ know, Tuck…there’s an awful lot of em,” she said through her headset.
“Savage, can you turn them off like you did before?” Tuck asked.
Melissa closed her eyes for a moment, but then opened them again, “No, Tuck. They’ve locked me out already.”
“Okay then, we’ll have to open fire.”
“You guys gonna start your assist already?” The Sergeant said though his com link.
“We thought you had things under control,” Tucker mused in return.
“Heh, yeah…I didn’t think you’d ever get back up here…come on, time’s a ’wasting.”
“Gus,” Cass instructed, “Take my last sonic grenade and lob it over there. When it goes off, they’ll stop to turn…don’t let them open fire on us!”
Gus kneeled down and unzipped her flight suit and pulled out the grenade, pulled the pin and tossed it down the corridor.
“Jeez, Gus… Tuck, where’d you find this guy…at least give me a count down.”
“Okay...1…zero!”
The blast echoed in their ears stunning the cyborg. They stopped firing, and in their confusion, began being taken down by both sides firing at the cyborgs. There were still so many and the ones who remained, set up a shield perimeter in defense and opened fire in both directions causing the two teams to have to duck for cover.
Then the ground began to shake, “Commander!” Hargrove said through his headset, “Something very big is heading our way,” the vibrations seemed to continue, seemingly with every step.
“We don’t have any more time for this!” Tucker screamed
Then in everyone’s headset, Calvin’s voice was heard, “DUCK!”
Instinctively everyone hit the deck only to hear the sound of rockets firing, and then shooting down the corridor. The missiles impacted the group of cyborgs causing them to fling into hundreds of pieces.
“Calvin!” Tucker said with a smile, “Bout time you got off your fat ass and helped us.”
“Any time, Tuck,” Cal said from his MECH.
“Come on!” Samuels shouted, “Time!”
“2053!” Hargrove shouted.
“We’ve got seven minutes before this place blows! Move out!” Samuels instructed.
“No, wait!” Cal urged, “There’s a little problem.”
“Now what!” Tucker asked, rather disgusted.
“I sort of blew a hole in the dome, there’s no oxygen. Gravity, yes…but no other environmental support…that’s the main reason I came out here in this thing…the next person who stepped through that energy field, would have been sucked out into space.”
“Well…thanks for the warning, but how do you suppose we get to the ship and take-off in what…” looking at his chronometer, “Five minutes?”
Savage spoke up, “I believe I can heal the damage to the dome.”
“Okay, Lieutenant. You’re up!”
Savage ran to the entrance to the landing bay and stepped through the opening. A vacuum immediately took hold of her and tried to pull her out into space, but her new ability kept her feet firmly planted on the ground. She raised her hands to the gaping hole in the dome and shot out a wave of energy. The dome began to seal. In two minutes time, the hole was sealed and environmental control was restored.
Savage stepped back through to give the all clear signal when another batch of cyborgs rounded the corner.
“Cal!” Sam shouted, “Your virus! Send it!”
“Oh yeah…I brought that little jewel with me.” 
Cal sent the command codes to transmit the code, all the while, taking aim and launching another missile at the cyborgs.
This time, however, they raised an energy field which absorbed most of the two missile blasts. But it was enough time distraction to allow the team to make their way to the ship.
Calvin turned the MECH and began trotting back to the cargo bay and then gave the word once he was on the platform, “I’ve lowered the door!”
The team ran at full speed to the ship. Calvin clomped his MECH the quickest he could back to the ship, but it was still too slow going, even at its top speed.
“Cal, eject out of that thing, you’ll never make it!” Tucker ordered.
“You got that right, “One sec!”
He stopped the MECH and set the auto-fire command at the entrance. Then he pulled the eject code, hurling him several feet into the air.
Letting out a yell, he hit the deck, making a thud and then rolling three times. He stopped face up and unconscious.
“Tucker! Hargrove urged, “We’ve got to go: two minutes!
“I’m not leaving him behind!” Tucker shouted as he darted back toward Calvin.
He slid to his knees before Cal, and looked up at the MECH, standing ten feet from him. More cyborgs flooded the landing bay and the MECH fired its last round of missiles.
Tucker quickly looked at Cal, then lobbed him on his shoulder and ran back to the cargo bay door.
The missiles took out several cyborgs, but hundreds flooded the bay.
“They must have hatched!” Cass shouted from the cargo bay door, giving Tucker fire cover as he carried Cal.
“Hurry Tucker! We’ve got one minute!” Hargrove counted.
Then the cyborgs’ behavior changed. Instead of chasing the crew of Salvage-5, they began firing on one another.
Tucker reached the cargo deck and Cass pressed the door sealing sequence, “Cass, help me get him into this jump seat!”
The two strapped him down in record time, and then shared the next jump seat and strapped in together. The door rose and sealed with a whoosh as the air pressure difference between the two environments separated.
 “Its launch time people, we’re strapped in back here!” Tucker shouted.
Sam engaged the full thrusters, while Hargrove began firing all of the ships ordinances at the dome to fracture an exit hole.
“We’re not going to make it!” Sam shouted. “The sphere’s detonated!”
Hargrove’s explosives fired, lighting up the center of the sphere with a massive flash.
“Sam,” Tucker shouted in her headset, “Bust through the dome, and engage your locking skids to the CSMO, then rotate our position 45 degrees from the blast wave: we’ll use that to shield us from the blast!”
“Well, I hope it can withstand those forces ‘cause I don’t have a better idea!”
Hargrove’s weapons fire penetrated the dome, sending debris down on top of them. The ship passed through with several hull strikes, but Sam kept on course.
The blast wave shot out with the collapse of the alien complex and traveled toward the Salvage-5, but Sam masterfully slammed into the CSMO, locking the landing skids. One of the skids collapsed under the ship, which caused them to list toward its lower left, striking the CSMO. 
Sam continued to maintain control and rotated them, locked onto the CSMO, to block the blast wave as it passed by them.
The ship shook with the blast wave and bounced the crew against their cinched straps.
“The CSMO is breaking up, Tuck!” 
“Ride it out for as long as you can, Sam!”
“Holding it together!”
“Just a few more seconds and the wave will pass,” Hargrove reported.
The CSMO ship could no longer support Salvage-5 as it broke apart at the forces of the blast wave. 
Sam engaged her ion drive and thrusters. The crew heard the quick whine of the ship’s engines spinning up. She released the mag-locks on the skids and quickly turned the ship in the direction of the blast wave.
The shaking and shimmering finally died out as the wave passed.
“Status report!” Tuck ordered.
“We suffered structural damage to our left rear skid. But that’s all. We’re green across the board.”
“Great job everyone!” Tucker congratulated. “Savage, reestablish the wireless link to the SAT and transmit our mission logs.”
“Right away, Commander,” Savage began, “Wait…I can’t locate the SAT.”
“It’s likely it was either damaged or destroyed by the shockwave.”
“How long before you can transmit our signal?”
“There’s too much interference, I can try to transmit, but it won’t make it out. We’ll need to wait several hours before the static clears.”
“Captain, circle around to inspect 15 Eunomia.”
Sam turned the ship in a circular pattern and headed back to the asteroid, “Commander, the CSMO is completely destroyed. The mag-ring they held has been lost…the alien complex has been destroyed…the asteroid itself is now in three sections.”
“Well, if they have a trained eye on it, they’ll see that we succeeded our mission.”
“They’ll see we destroyed the complex, but unless they hear our pretty little voices, they’ll assume we’re dead,” Tuck said. “Captain, plot a course to the closest mining ops with a mag-ring.”
“Aye, sir!” Sam shouted, “With pleasure.”

Completed Objectives:
DESTROY ALIEN VESSEL

All Objectives Completed


Chapter 14

Kirkwood Gap
Sept. 4th 2064 21:10

New Mission: 
RETURN TO EARTH WITH TECH


“Well that was fun,” Tucker said, smiling with Cass in his lap.
“Yeah, I’ll bet it was fun…for you.”
“Ah, come on…you have to admit, you enjoyed riding with me…you know…it was a tough escape an’ all…”
“Just because we sat in the same jump seat, doesn’t mean…”
“…doesn’t mean what, Cass…what is it you’re gonna say?” Tucker asked, cupping his ear toward her.
“I saved your butt, Tucker…who gave you cover while you went on your hero mission for Gus?”
“…and you were such a great big help there too,” Tuck said, pulling the hook to unbuckle them.
Cass floated into the cargo bay, and Tuck floated over to Cal. He slapped him a couple of times on the face, “Wakey, wakey my friend.”
“Where…where am I?” Calvin asked, his eyes still blurry from coming around.
“Rhodes, Samuels…we’re all present?”
“All present and accounted for…we didn’t lose anyone and we gained one,” Samuels said, smiling at Gus.
“So the mag-ring is destroyed?” Tucker said, making his way forward to the pilot house.
“Yes, it was still stored in the CSMO in eight sections. We could have had it assembled in two days…now, we’re five days from the nearest mining operation.”
“Which is?”
“Sorry, Commander,” Sam said, “I just figured you’d already know which ones are out here.”
Tucker climbed in his right seat, next to Sam, “Well, ‘News Flash’, I don’t.”
“That would be 253 Mathilde…of course.”
“Oh, of course its 253 Mathilde…” Tuck nodded, “Now why would you assume I would know that?”
“Mathilde is a C-Type asteroid, mainly made up of carbonaceous chondrite…that’s what the miners are after.”
“Native Nickel Alloy…that’s cool,” Hargrove chimed.
“Yes, and the fact that these CSMO’s can extract the frozen water from these and turn it into the air for the workers to breathe…” Sam said.
…”not to mention the hydrogen to burn as they carve up its surface, that’s utterly remarkable,” Cass added.
“Course set and engaged, Tuck.”
“How soon before we get there again?”
“Five days, six on the outside.”
“Savage, when do you think you can transmit our signal?”
“I would hope that we would pass the range of static from our blast, in about eighteen, maybe twenty hours…roughly.”
“Can you go any faster?”
“Sorry, Tuck…we just don’t have the acceleration that a mag-ring provides, it’s the best option we have.”
“Hargrove, Cal, you think we got em all?”
“We got em…don’t worry.”
“How would you know, Mr. I forgot to respect gravity after ejecting and losing our MECH.”
“Hey, that’s not fair, Tuck…the way I see it, I saved your butt.”
“He did, Tuck,” Cass smiled,” you have to admit, he did play a major role down there.”
“Let’s not forget the outstanding performance by Lieutenant Savage…who, by the way, I’m sure is bucking for promotion,” Tucker winked.
“Thank you, Tuck, er Commander.”
“No, you’re fine. Mission success, you can call me Tucker now.”
“We’ll be in radio range of the CSMO 253 Mathilde in four days. We can have them prep the jump ring for our return trip.”
“Excellent, Captain…say, you can’t buck for promotion, you just made Captain.”
“Sorry sir, just doin’ my job.”
“What job is that? Irritating me?”
“Now that’s the Tucker I remember,” Cass said, swatting at his arm.
“What? Wow…tough crowd…” Tucker said, shaking his head, “Savage, program a message to HQ that our mission was successful. Have the message tag our present location at the time it’s sent. Tell them we are heading to our final objective. Set it to auto transmit as soon as we’re clear of this field.”
“Yes, sir…I’m on it.”
“Then, I want you to report to Rhodes for a complete physical work up. The more we can find out about these chips in our heads, the better I’ll be able to sleep nights again.”
“Aye, Commander, er Tucker. My eyes are still brown…and now that the main alien computer interface is destroyed, that’s not likely to change,” she smiled.

Oak Harbor, WA
General McKenzie’s Home
Sept. 5th 2064 00:30

General McKenzie’s data pad awakened him by flashing a bright light into his dark bedroom. The buzz of the device on his bedside nearly caused him to knock it to the ground as he reached for the thing.
“Ye…yes…” he grumbled, “This is McKenzie, this better be good.”
“Major Griffin, sir.”
“Yes, go on…man, spill it!”
“You said for me to notify you if there was any news.”
“Did you hear from our boys?” the general asked, sitting up in bed.
“No sir. But we have a visual on the Asteroid 15 Eunomia…it’s in three sections…fractured right down the middle and off to one end.”
“But nothing from the crew…”
“No sir.”
“Humph…that’s really too bad then…proceed with the termination of the child.”
“But, sir, they have another 18 hours.”
“Don’t but sir, me!”
“Let me remind you of your promise…”
“…damn it anyway…go ahead and wait…but let it never be said that I’m not a compassionate man…but I’m not a patient one…no later than 1800 hours, you hear me? If you don’t I will go down there and unplug him my damn self!”
“Yes, sir. Thank you sir,” Then Griffin terminated the data link.
“Damn fool,” McKenzie muttered before rolling over and going back to sleep.

Kirkwood Gap
Sept. 5th 2064 12:00

Tucker’s headset squawked, “Rhodes here, Commander. I need you in the galley below.”
“What about Savage’s check out? What’d ya find?”
“So far, it’s the same chip implanted that Gus has. I just need to compare yours with theirs.”
“I’m on my way, Doc.” Tucker unbuckled his harness and floated out of his seat and began to make his way below. “Sam, keep us on course…and if you can bump up our speed, you know…red line it if you have to.”
“Tuck, I am going as fast as we can. It’s not as easy as flying from point ‘A’ to ‘B’, our target is moving away from us. The computer has to calculate our movement in comparison to the asteroids. Then it has to plot our projected course. If it was six months ago, it would be traveling toward us and we could be there in two days, easy.”
“Jeez, I wasn’t asking for a lesson in celestial physics…I’m not a rocket scientist…oh yeah, I am a rocket scientist.”
“Very funny, Commander, you old coot.”
“I’m not that fusty, yet.”
“You are…so is that word…fusty?  How about just plain antiquated… jeez, where’d you find these people?” Cass smiled, pointing with her thumb.
Turing to Calvin before sealing the hatch behind him, “See if you can boost our gain on getting our signal through this static.”
“On it, Tuck.”
Tucker closed and sealed the cabin and floated over to the doctor where Samuels stood guard, sidearm strapped to his thigh.
“Sergeant, yer a rootin’ tootin’… shoot em up, bang, bang, kinda guy ain’t ya…” Tuck said, firing his fingers at him, “…what is this? You expecting a gun fight? We’re all friendlies here, remember?”
“Security detail, Commander.”
“Okay, Doc. Here I are. Examine away.”
Rhodes inspected Tuckers chip implant for several silent minutes.
“Well?”
“Well, what?” Rhodes answered, irritated.
“Am I gonna make it?”
“Tuck, this is serious.”
“Sure it is…serious as a crutch,” Tucker said with his best Groucho Marks impersonation and taking out one of his prized cigars.
“We have no clue as to what adverse effects this chip will have on a person.”
“I feel great, best I’ve felt in years,” Tuck nodded.
“Too bad you can’t give any credit to the ol’ chip here…it was never activated.”
“Oh, right…in that case, chalk it up to more placebo research,” Turning to Samuels, “I do feel great by the way.”
“Your chip is the same as the others, with that one exception.”
“What about his little black box we kyped from our alien friends?”
“And now it’s time for something completely different.”
“How so?”
“It’s way beyond my understanding. Maybe Calvin should have a go at it.”
“Cal, get yer butt on down here.”
Samuels drew his weapons and cocked the trigger, “The little black box stays with me, Tuck.”
“Oh, now hold on a minute, there, partner.”
“Sorry, Commander,” Samuels said, pointing his weapon at Tucker’s chest, “I’m under direct orders to secure this alien tech.”
“Well, son, you can secure this box here, after Calvin and Cassandra look it over.”
“Tuck, don’t make this any harder…”
“No, you wait just a moment, now…Sergeant Samuels, and let me remind you of the rank difference…Look, Savage has one of these chips in her head…Gus has one of these chips in his head, and I have one of these chips in my head…be that it is deactivated…still, it’s in my head…we have a right to find out what the hell this is…and as long as I’m the commander, because the ladies say so, you will follow my direct orders…got it? Good!”
“Tuck…”
“You get to secure this precious cargo way before we reach the CSMO target…deal?”
“No, it goes in the box now.”
“You see?” Tucker said, turning to Savage, “This is what I’m talking about…insubordination all the way…you know? I tried to be nice about it…we get to play with the box first then the Sergeant can have it…but no, he wants to take the ball and go home before we’ve had a chance to have a looksee. Lieutenant, can you help me make the Sergeant understand?”
Savage darted her eyes between Tucker and Samuels, “Can you define, make?”
“Convince him that we’re going to play with the ball first,” Tucker said, never taking his eyes off of Samuels.
Savage closed her eyes and concentrated. It only took seven seconds before she stretched her hand toward the Sergeant.
The two continued to stare each other down, while Savage shot a slow wave of energy from her hand, forcing Samuels to disarm and holster his weapon. Then she rested her hand and opened her eyes, fixing a glare at the Sergeant.
“How’d she do that?” Samuels exclaimed, “I thought with that alien mainframe destroyed she wouldn’t be able to perform these acts?”
“Well,” Savage said, amazed at her own ability, but not showing it, “apparently I can…and next time you pull your weapon on the Colonel, or any of us for that matter, I won’t play so nice...”
Samuels reluctantly agreed, knowing that he was outmatched by this strange alien tech inside of Savage; he quivered with fear knowing what she could be capable of doing.
 “Thank you Lieutenant,” Tuck smiled.
“You’re most welcome, Commander.”
“Now…isn’t this much more pleasant doing this our way?”
“Fine…just get on with it…the sooner you turn it over, the sooner I can lock it way…and you agreed it will be locked away before we reach the CSMO.”
“You have my word…Cal, Cass, where are you?”
Cass reached out and tapped Tucker on the shoulder from behind, making him jump, “Jeez, how about warning a guy next time, will ya?”
“No problem, Commander,” Cass said, giving Samuels a look of dismay, “You can come with us if it will make you feel any better…just so you can have it in your sight the entire time.”

Oak Harbor, WA
Memorial Hospital
Sept. 5th 2064 17:59

Major Griffith stood over Beverly, who sobbed as she grieved for her son’s life when his data pad went off, “General?”
“Call it, Major. There’s no time left.”
“General, if their last transmission had just been sent, it’d take 23 minutes to be received…give us that.”
“Major, your grasping…no more time. I told you not past 1800, it’s now comin’ on 1801…the bill is now on the mother and her family, Ben’s no longer the government’s responsibility.”
“Sir.”
“Don’t make me come over there and pull the damn plug myself.”
“Okay, very well sir…I understand,” Griffin said, lowering his head before terminating the wireless call.
He looked down at Beverly, “I’m sorry, Bev. I… ahem,” Griffin choked, “I…I have to order him to be taken off of life support now.”
Beverly, drained of willpower and numb, stood to walk out of the room. She kissed her son’s cheek, then turned and began to leave, tears pouring down her cheeks as she couldn’t bear to watch.
Griffin looked at the head nurse and nodded for her to proceed.
The nurse, giving a sigh, turned to her panel and began the shutdown procedure to terminate Bennie’s life.
The major’s data pad vibrated displaying the General’s picture, then he accepted the call, “Sir, I just gave the order…”
“Stop! We just received a transmission! They made it…that son of a bitch made it!”
Griffin covered the ear piece and shouted with a lift in his voice, “Stop the termination! You’re certain of this?”
“Do you really think I would call to prank you over a matter like this?”
“No sir, most likely not…thank you sir.”
“Make sure the patient is prepped for surgery in 16 days.”
“We’re going to do an implant…right?”
“Yes, they have the tech. Bennie can be healed and we get to advance our governments capability,” McKenzie smiled, rubbing his hands slowly together.
Beverly ran up to Griffin and squeezed him hard, “Thank you…thank you for supporting me as long as you did.”
“Bev, if it was anyone else…”
“I know, I know…that doesn’t change the fact that I am truly grateful.”

12 hours from CSMO 253 Mathilde
Sept. 8th 2064 04:30

 “So, Cal. Have you got anywhere on this box?” Tuck asked, peeking his head in his own cabin.
Cal, Cass, and Gus were busy looking over the box. Samuels was still floating guard.
“I’ve figured out quite a little bit about this box, Tuck,” Cal said, not looking away from his work.
“And how is it Gus and Cal both get my bunk and I get to bunk in the cargo bay?”
Cass glanced up at Tuck and smiled, “Because us women don’t bunk together…remember?”
“Yes…Cass…I remember…but…”
“Landing on that deck really put my back out again, Tuck,” Cal snickered, rubbing his back.
“And I never asked you to come back for me…so I get your bunk,” Gus added.
“I should have known better.”
“About what?” Gus asked with raised eyebrows.
“About rescuing your sorry ass, that’s what.”
“You’re a real comedian,” Gus mused.
“Yeah, Tuck,” Cass agreed, “Don’t give up your day job.”
“Can we get back to this box?”
“Yes, let’s get back to this box so I can lock it up. We’re less than 12 hours from the mag-ring,” Samuels sighed.
“Tuck, what this box appears to be is some type of amplifier.”
Cass spoke up, “It sends out a pulse signal through a cable that’s attached to the back of the chip interface...”
“…gamma waves,” Cal finished. “It floods the chip full of gamma wave pulses.”
“Gamma waves.”
“Yes, Rhodes has confirmed that gamma waves are critical for brain wave enhancement.”
“Does it still work?”
“To a limited degree, the chip runs out of juice, so to speak, in a few hours,” Cal said.
“Then you’ll need to be plugged in and amped in order for the chip to work again,” Gus added.
“Something like a rechargeable battery. It runs down and you need to plug it in again,” Cass said.
“Do you think this chip can be removed and implanted in my son?”
“Yes,” Rhodes said, hanging outside of Tucker’s cabin, “Even though it appears that your chip implant has grown into your cerebral cortex, and needs to be, amped, if you will; I can remove it surgically.”
“Will it regrow into Ben?”
“I think the small bio-organic material that’s imbedded inside this chip will reactivate and grow into its new host just fine.”
 “If this chip was never activated, how did it grow inside me?”
“That’s easy, Commander,” Savage said, “From what I understand, the basic programming in the chip must be present. That’s what starts the growth process. Then they send the gamma wave signal through the connecting cable which then rewrites the programming and begins to grow the traces and wires within the body…fortunately, I never made it to that stage in the process.”
“Yes,” Tucker nodded, “Fortunately for all of us.”
“Commander,” Sam announced, “We just received a communication from HQ.”
“Can you play it over the wireless?”
“One moment, sir,” Sam said, pressing buttons on her command console.
“Salvage-5 crew…this is General McKenzie congratulating you on a job well done…we understand you are on your way to CSMO 253 Mathilde’s mag-ring to jump back to Earth…however, they have sent us a distress signal…their oxygen extractor has failed, and the parts they have in stock don’t fit the new updated model that was installed before they left several months ago…we know you have the necessary parts in your cargo bay…you will be required to make a quick stop at 253 Mathilde and make repairs…they only have enough air to circulate for another 36 hours…it is critical that you drop off the parts and assist with the repair…they know you are on the way now…respond to this message as your acknowledgement…General McKenzie out.”
  “Sam, please send the General our acknowledgement…and tell them Hargrove and Samuels will be staying with them to carry out the repairs, they can rotate out on the next transport tug.”
“Sir?” Hargrove said.
“You have a problem with following orders, son?”
“No sir…I was just commenting on how privileged I am to serve.”
“Uh huh, right…Samuels, you have any comments?”
“I know the General won’t be too happy with your choice, but I understand why.”
“Because you’re the only qualified tech, along with Hargrove to affect this repair, and that is the ONLY reason.”


Chapter 15

Asteroid 253 Mathilde
Sept. 8th 2064 15:30


“Commander,” Sam reported, “I have the CSMO Foreman on the wireless. Our status is 5,000 kilometers from Ops at 10,000 KPH, we’re 30 minutes out.”
“What’s his name, Captain?”
“Kurtis…Kurtis Daniels.”
“Put him through.”
“Ready sir,” Sam acknowledged.
“Kurt, my man…how the hell are ya?” Tuck asked.”
“Ahem, er, I’m fine…and you are?”
“Colonel Tucker Petersen…I’m the one dispatched to save your sorry asses down there…can’t bring the right part with them all the way out here,” he muttered to himself, “Can you believe the nerve of some of these people?” Then turned his attention back to the stunned foreman over the wireless, “So, tell me, what happened down there?”
“I’ll leave that to my first hand to explain when you arrive. I’m much too busy right now to meet with you, Commander.”
“Kurt, or Kurtis, or whatever it is you prefer to be called…”
“Boss…”
“No, you’re not getting that title outta me, so anyway, where was I, oh yes…you had better be on deck when our ship docks to explain this to me in person.”
“Sorry, Colonel,” Kurt answered, “this is a civilian ship…maybe I need to spell that out,…we don’t take orders from the Military…no sir…not now, not ever.”
“Okay, very well then…nice talking with ya…you take care now. We’ll be on our way to the mag-ring. Hope you don’t run out of air before another ship can bring you some parts…”
“No, you don’t understand…you see I’m the gate keeper for the mag-ring. I turn it on and off at my command, so Colonel Tucker Petersen, I hope you have enough fuel to make it the six weeks it’ll take you to get to Earth, without my help.”
“Check and mate,” Cass whispered, “He knows we can’t make it without the jump ring, we know he can’t make it without our parts…so Tucker…”
“It’s not checkmate…more like a stalemate,” Tucker winked.
“Okay, Kurtis, have it your way…for now…prepare your docking bay for our arrival…Salvage-5 out…Sam, cut this bozo off.”
“Yes, sir, but I’m sure he heard that.”
“Good, I hope he did… jeez, where do they find these people anyway?”
“Tuck, it’s time to hand it over,” Samuels said, giving him a stern look.
“Will you take a chill pill already?”
“Give it up, Tucker.”
“Will you listen to this guy over here? You’d think he’d be having a coronary.”
“Tuck!”
“I already stowed it…nicely locked away already, Sarge.”
“It is not.”
“Is so too!”
“Colonel, sometime before we dock?”
“Alright, ya got me. I still have it,” Tucker launched the silver colored box over to Samuels. As it flew to him, the Sergeant caught it, making a loud bang, “You want to take it easy with this?”
“What?”
“You do realize that I don’t even know the code to remove it, once we seal it?
“I thought as much.”
“Then why all of a sudden the change of mind,” Samuels asked, holding the box.
“Because I sure as hell don’t want Kurtis to get his hands on it now would I. It’s our little toy…and might I take this very opportunity to remind everyone that this tech is top secret. You tell no one about what you saw or what we have…do I make myself clear on this one?”
Everyone agreed, most would never believe them anyway.
“Five minutes out, reducing speed and pitch for final approach,” Sam reported.
“Skids down, Captain.”
“Well, sir…I have extended two out of three…you’ll have to go back and manually extend…after that slightly hard landing, the hydraulics are ruined.”
“How ya gonna set us down again, Captain?”
“I was hoping you’d go on back and crank it down for me.”
“Do you realize how long that’ll take?”
“Yep, that’s why you need to get on that like, now.”
“Aye, aye, Captain…” Tucker said cocking his head back and forth.
Samuels headed to his cabin where there was a special case that he intended to use to stow away any alien tech.
He floated the case out, opened it and placed the alien box inside. Then he looked over at Tucker, closed the lid, sealing the case with a swoosh. Stowing the case in his locker, he simply smiled at Tucker.
“Happy Sarge?”
“Very.”
Tucker floated to the rear of the cargo bay and accessed the manual crank, “It’s no use, Captain. The rod’s bent; it won’t extend beyond this point. I can roll it all the way up, but not out…sorry…really.”
“Lock the skid in place, I’ll go low rider. We’ll have to drop the back door. Ship’ll be too close to the ground to lower the ramp.”
Tucker locked the position and pushed off toward the pilot house.
“Places everyone,” Sam instructed, “We’re coming up on the CSMO now…one minute.”
The crew quickly took their seats and buckled in as quickly as they could.
“See? I told you I’d give it to you before we landed.”
“Uh huh…right…”
“I did…” turning to Cass, “Didn’t I give it up before we landed?”
“You did.”
“See? Cass is on my side here.”
“Slowing to 10 KPH…and full stop: we’re directly over the landing bay.”
“What, they didn’t hear us knocking?”
Sam held the Salvage-5 ship in position for several minutes, “Tuck…this is ridiculous…why haven’t they opened the bay doors? CSMO 253 Mathilde, come in…repeat, open your damn doors already.”
“Sorry about that,” a rather shaky sounding voice said, “Be right with ya.”
“And you are?” Sam asked.
“Smithers.”
“Sm…Smithers? Smithers, what?”
“Don’t remember any longer, now it’s just Smithers.”
“Well, Mr. Smithers…you do know how to code the landing bay door opening sequence, like, are you going to let us in anytime soon?”
“Yeah, I know how…no one’s on duty right now, ‘cept me that is…I don’t move so fast anymore you know.”
“How the hell did you pass a physical to get out here?”
“Oh that, heh heh, well, I tell ya what, if you don’t tell, I’m sure the hell not going to.”
“Tell what?”
“Tellin’ that I can’t pass the physical anymore. No one’s asked me for, mmmmm, 10 years now.”
“You’ve been in the civilian mining fleet for ten years?”
“Yep, 10 years, 2 months, and 18 days.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t know the hours and minutes…”
“Four hours, five minutes, and thirty-seven seconds…had to think about it for a moment, but I’m pretty sure that’s it.”
“Yeah, that sounds real to me too,” Sam said, rolling her eyes. She muted her mic, “What the hell? Are these people for real?”
“Okay, stand by…here we go now…” Smithers croaked.
“Finally!” Sam exclaimed as the CSMO’s landing bay doors separated and extended up and out, exposing the facility below.
“Z minus 10 meters at 10 KPH, and in 3…2…1, touch down...mag-locks engaged.”
They waited another painful two minutes, “Alight, Smithers, you can close the damn door and bring environmental on line.”
“Okay, okay…I’m punching in the sequence now.”
“Gawd, if they had an emergency,” Sam muttered.
“They do, remember? That’s why we’re here?”
“Okay, mister,” Sam said, glancing at Tuck out the corner of her eye.
“No, really, I’m worried about you Captain…maybe I should put you through a full psyche-eval…forgetting critical mission details like that?”
“Okay,” Smithers said, from the control booth across the way, “Environmental sequence complete, you can open your door now.”
“Wow, that’s so wonderful, Smithers…gosh I don’t know how to thank you enough for all your help today,” Sam said, head cocked.
“Come on Hargrove, Samuels, let’s go see what the operations staff is all about, shall we?” Tuck said, noticing that there was some gravity, “Hmmm, do watch that first step, ladies and gentlemen, looks like we do have a partial gravitational field going on…and thank you for flying Salvage-5 airlines.”
 The crew, now accustomed to Tucker’s humor, gave him a courtesy chuckle.
“Captain, pop the rear door…everyone else, stay put. We shall not be gone too long…I hope.”
“We’ll send in reinforcements if we don’t see your pretty little faces in a couple of hours.”
“Thanks, Cass…you’re all heart.”
“I know. That’s what they say, anyway,” she smiled.
The three exited the ship from the rear cargo door, making a new level ground ramp.
“Samuels?” Tuck asked, “We’re good here, now, right?”
“Good as gold, Commander. My mission was clear, secure the alien tech. Now that it is, I have no quibble with you.”
They were met with two very dirty looking workers, “Hello, there. I’m Dillan. The Boss’s first hand,” the tall skinny man said. His jump suit was tattered and had been unwashed for what appeared to be weeks, for that matter, they didn’t smell real good either.
“What a disgusting pit of an operation you’re running here,” Tuck exclaimed, grimacing at the stench.
“Well, we’re still learning the water extraction process, so we have ta conserve what we can,” the other said.
“And I guess you would be Smithers,” Tuck smiled.
The man wiped his hand on his coveralls and offered it to Tucker.
“No thanks,” Tucker said with raised hands, “I’m trying to cut back.”
“Come on, let’s show ya what we need.”
“Better yet, why don’t you take me to see your Foreman…Kurt is it?”
“Oh, yeah, Boss.” Dillan said, brushing his long stringy hair from his face, “He’s busy, so he sent us to meet you.”
“Hargrove, go with Dithers or Smithers, or whatever the hell he likes to be called. Make a list of your needs. Then enlist Savage to help you off-load to their bay…Samuels, you’re with me and Dillan here…I think Dillan will be more than happy to escort us to see Kurtis.”
“Yes, Colonel,” Samuels said with folded arms, “I’m fairly certain that Dillan will indeed take us to see the very busy Foreman, won’t he?”
Dillan shuddered with fear of what this man could do to him if he didn’t, “Right this way,”
“Ahhhh, music to my ears.”
Samuels looked over at Tucker as Dillan took them to see Kurtis, “You’re going to enjoy this aren’t you?”
“Way more than you could ever know,” he answered, lighting a cigar and then gritting his teeth over it, “Way more indeed.”
They continued to march Dillan down the corridor, “So tell me, Dillan. You seem to be a reasonable man, how’s about you tellin’ me and the Sergeant here what caused this little accident?”
Dillan stopped dead in his tracks and faced them, his face turned pale, “How’d you know it was an accident?” he whispered.
“I didn’t,” Tuck smiled, “But I do now.”
“Oh, you’re a good one, ain’t ya,” Dillan smiled, “Look, I can’t stand Kurtis. He makes me run this place anyway…Smithers is a good ol’ boy…”
“Older, yes,” Tuck interrupted, “what is he, a hundred and eight?”
Dillan laughed, slapping his knee, “Oh wow…that was a good one, Colonel.”
Samuels and Tucker rolled eyes at each other, “Why don’t you report that to the company and have him replaced?” Samuels asked.
“Oh, we don’ want any trouble from the company…more likely we’d all be shipped outta here and replaced with more grunts for the exec’s nephew to bully.”
“Why is it always the nephew?” Tucker shrugged.
“So what happened to the oxy unit,” Tucker asked, smoking his cigar. He was attempting to fill the area with his smoke to disguise the putrid odor aboard the CSMO.
“It was an accident, of sorts, but it was really caused by horseplay.”
“Horseplay,” Tucker asked, placing his hands on his hips.
“Yeah, some of the guys were foolin’ around, they put our Harry in the airlock and began draining the air…you know, just to give the guy hypoxia.”
“Why on earth, would you do that to the man?” Samuels asked.
“The mechanic, well, he’s always picked on by Kurtis…the others just play along.”
“Uh huh…”
“And there’s not much else to do around here but goof off…”
“So you figured this, Harry…”
“Harry Nelson…he’s in the infirmary being treated for radiation exposure. That’s why we need the extra mechanics to facilitate our repair.”
“…this, Harry Nelson, would want to experience the euphoric state of hypoxia?”
“We all do it…it helps pass the time, you know?”
“From what I see, there’s plenty to do on this bucket…for starters, take out the damn trash once in a while.”
“Well, Kurtis doesn’t make us clean it up…and I’m not going to do it by myself.”
“What are you afraid of, if he’s not capable of performing his job, then call him out.”
“Na, it’s not worth it…I like my work…I plan on rotating outta here in three months. I’ll find another CSMO to work.”
“How’d he get radiation sickness in an airlock?”
“Kurtis thought he’d scare him into working harder by giving him a dose of RADs.”
“He did what? Why didn’t you stop that?”
“You don’t know Kurtis.”
“So, how did this lead to the broken module?”
“When he was in the airlock in that section of the ship, he thought Kurt was going to kill him, so he took a spanner wrench and started pounding on the equipment, he wanted to break it to make him stop.”
“Guess it worked…”
“Yea, Kurt was furious that he had to call for assistance.”
“I’ll bet he was.”
“…none of our parts are right for the oxygen extractor units.”
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Dillan,” Tucker nodded, and then noticed a strange black substance dripping down the wall, “We’ll have this tub in ship shape condition in no time…won’t ya Sarge.”
“Indeed, we will.”
“How ya gonna do that?”
“You leave that to me,” Tucker smiled. He puffed his cigar as the three continued to Kurtis’ quarters.
When they arrived, Dillan knocked but there was no answer. Then Tucker pounded on the door. His response returned the same.
“Kurtis?” Tucker pounded again, “I know you’re in there, open up!”
“No!” a muffled voice sounded through the door.
“I’m only asking once more.”
“No, I’m busy…” the muffled voice answered.
“Hmm, having a bit of a temper tantrum, are we,” Tucker said, stepped back from the door, “Dillan, you folks have a medic, right?”
“Oh, sure thing, Colonel. Why? Do you need one?”
“Won’t be for me,” he muttered under his breath, then he pressed a button on his wireless headset and called the ship, “Cal, I need you to hook into the CSMO’s security system and unlock the foreman’s door.”
“No problem, Tuck. Give me about thirty-seven seconds.”
“That long? Cal, I think you’re losing your touch.”
 “It’s coming up on my screen now…there!” he said, “Twenty-two to be exact.”
“Nice,” Tucker nodded as the door swooshed open.
The three stepped into the room, which was very clean, and neat as a pin.
“Well, I see you’ve not spared any expense on keeping your quarters in order.”
Kurtis stood with a start, “I said I was busy, go away!”
“Sorry, you know I’m not going anywhere.”
The short pudgy man wore an open red colored bathrobe and white striped boxer shorts. His balding head gave him an uneven hairline, “Drop off the equipment and your workers to affect repairs, and I’ll let you use my jump ring.”
“Well now, baldy…”
“Hey, watch it!”
“…the way I see it, your CSMO is in violation of several safety and operational standards…guess we’ll have to shut you down…how do you think your uncle will like that?”
“I know I saw at least a dozen infractions on the way down here, Colonel,” Samuels smiled, following Tucker’s lead.
“You don’t scare me, Colonel…my uncle’s a very powerful man,” Kurt said, pointing a finger in Tucker’s face, “I’ll see to it you never command again!”
“Oh, please do that will ya? I’d love to go back to retirement.”
“Trust me,” Samuels added, “He’d rather be back in retirement. I would do what he asks.”
“You better be nice to me, or I won’t even give you any fuel…you’ll need that since I have decided to take my mag-ring down for maintenance.”
“How about you turn over this little operation to Dillan and I spare you your life?”
“Are you threatening me? I have rights, you know.”
Turning to Samuels, “I don’t think he’s feeling well enough to run this place, what do you think, Sarge?”
“I don’t know, whatever it is, Colonel, I think he should stay off his feet for at least a few weeks.”
“I think you’re right, Sergeant.”
 “Hey, I know what you’re trying to do…it won’t work, I’m in perfect health!”
Tucker drew his side arm and shot a round into the man’s knee cap, sending him to the floor screaming, “Ahhhhhh! You shot me!” Kurtis yelled in agony, “You can’t do that…I’ll kill you for this!”
“Sure you will…Dillan, you’re in charge as foremen. Appoint anyone as your first and second. Lieutenant Hargrove and Sergeant Samuels will be in charge of clean up detail.”
“Ow, my leg…my leg,” Kurtis groaned, “…I’ll get you for this mister!”
“Oh, and take this man to the infirmary, he’s in need of medical attention, he’s bleeding all over your nice clean carpet.”
“My carpet?” Dillan asked.
“Yes, Dillan…your carpet, this is the foreman’s quarters, isn’t it?”
“Well, yes…”
“I make my case…just so you understand; you won’t be needing to find other work.”
Tucker motioned to the sergeant to follow, “Come on, let’s meet up with Hargrove so we can get the hell out of here, my boy’s life depends on us getting back to Earth.”



Chapter 16

CSMO 253 Mathilde
Sept. 8th 2064 18:30


“Alright, Commander,” Hargrove said, wiping his hands with a grease cloth, “We’ve got everything we need.”
“How long will it take to replace the units?”
“Another twelve hours, but we brought some portable scrubbers that’ll keep us going for twenty days.”
“You both sure about staying?”
“No, but orders are orders,” Samuels said.
“Don’t worry about us, Commander,” Hargrove nodded, “We’ll be fine.” 
“Okay, the next transport arrives in eleven weeks. See you guys soon…and thanks for all your work on our last mission.”
“Tuck, you take care now,” Samuels said, shaking his hand with a firm grip.
“Jeez, Sarge, take it easy already.”
“What’s the matter, Tuck? Getting soft?”
“No, no…not soft…tender maybe.”
“Well, when we meet back on Earth, I’ll be sure to include you in my 0500 calisthenics program.”
“Oh, thanks…but I can do this on my own…”
“…just because the mission is over, you don’t have to get soft…I insist, Colonel.”
“Tucker,” Cass yelled from inside the ship, “We’re ready for departure. Enough with the mawkish goodbyes already.”
“Mawkish? Really Cass? What century are you from again?
“Hey, I know what that means,” Dillan exclaimed, “She’s tired of listening to your gushy mushy goodbyes…” he snickered.
“I knew that,” Tuck said, raising his eyebrow at Dillan, “You take notes from my guys and you’ll be well on your way to running a terrific CSMO…you make money sending in the resources, right?”
“Yeah, but we have to give Kurtis a hefty cut for staying on board.”
“Well, Kurtis isn’t your foreman anymore; you are...mine lots of minerals…make lots of money.”
“Precious metals…” Hargrove said, in his best Gollum impersonation, wringing his hands together.
“I’m worried about you, Hargrove.”
“What, you don’t appreciate Lord of the Rings?”
“No, that’s a timeless classic…I don’t appreciate your attempt of the poor little demon. 
“Come on Tucker!” Cass shouted, “I’m about to send out reinforcements already!”
“Don’t get your panties in a bunch, I’m coming.”
Tucker rolled his eyes at Samuels and Hargrove, then turned and disappeared inside the cargo bay of his ship.
He made his way through the cargo bay, checking every strap ensuring they were secured, “Okay, people. Let’s get this show on the road.”
“It’s about time,” Cass said under her breath.
“I heard that…” Tuck answered, “Cass: raise the bay door and seal us up. Rhodes: make sure you’re all set up there.”
“I’m ready, Colonel.”
“Cal, you all strapped in?”
“All set, Tuck.”
“Sam: start engine prep. I’ll stay back here and crank up our skid for ya.”
“Thanks, Commander,” Sam said, busily going over the pre-engine start, “Engines online and ready for take-off.”
“Samuels, do you read?”
“Samuels here,” he said through the wireless.
“Evacuate the landing bay and open them doors,” Tucker smiled.
The swoosh of air escaping through the bay doors opening only lasted a moment, then the crew could only hear the whine of the engines as they ran up to full power.
“Savage, prepare our departure message and transmit to HQ on my command.”
“You got it, sir.”
“Bay doors fully extended, Commander,” Samuels said, “You’re clear for take-off.”
“Captain: Z plus 20 meters at 25 KPH…take us out.”
Aye, Commander. Z plus 20 meters at 25 KPH,” she answered, inching the throttle forward, “in 3…2…1…mag-locks released…we’re off.”
The Salvage-5 ship lifted off the landing pad of the CSMO, leaving behind a cloud of dust from mining the asteroid.
“Holding 20 meters above CSMO 253 Mathilde.”
“Sergeant, we’ve cleared your landing bay, please provide the coordinates for the mag-ring to the Captain, and then fire that thing up.”
“Yes, sir. Coordinates are transmitted. I’m firing up the jump ring, it’s 5,000 kilometers out, so you’ll have plenty of time to get aligned. The ring will be at full power in five minutes…happy trails, Tucker and the crew of Salvage-5”
“Happy trails?” Tucker asked, as he finished cranking the skid to its upright and locked position. Then he pushed off toward the pilot house to strap in his seat., “Where do we find these people?”
“Commander, I have the coordinates. I’ve programmed our course and am ready for your orders.”
“Full power to engines, 20,000 KPH to mag-ring,” Tucker ordered, strapping himself in, “Aye, Sir, accelerating to 20,000 KPH. ETA to jump ring 15 minutes”
“Savage, your message to HQ?”
“…is ready to send sir.”
“Thank you, Lieutenant. Send the message before the five minute mark. Otherwise, I’m thinking any closer and the signal will just get caught in the magnetic interference this thing seems to generate.”
“Aye, sir, I’ve set to auto-transmit to broadcast the signal at the six minute mark.”
“Very well, you all strapped in back there, Lieutenant?”
“Yes, sir…as ordered.”
“Colonel, jump ring is fully charged. You’re officially departing the Kuiper belt in ten. Be sure to send us love letters when you get home…It has been my honor to serve you, Commander…This is Sergeant Samuels signing off from CSMO 253 Mathilde…out.”
“Ahh, touching commentary, Sarge.” Tucker said, “Hang on everyone, we’ll be off shortly.”
“Savage, your message transmit okay?”
“Message is sent sir.”
A few minutes later Sam made her announcement, “Approaching the Mag-ring now…in 3…2…1…prepare for spatial distortion!” 
The ship flew through the ring and again bolted out the other side at the one tenth light speed. 
“Wooohooo!” Sam shouted.
“Humph, I don’t think I’ll ever get use to that spatial distortion thing…that’s just too weird for me,” Tuck turned to Savage, “Am I right or what?” but shuddered at the sight of her eyes.
“Uh, Rhodes… how you doin’?”
“I’m here Tucker.”
“Now would be a good time...”
“Oh, right…” Rhodes unbuckled himself and floated over to Savage.
“What’s the matter, Tuck?” Savage said with puzzlement.
“Your eyes…”
“What about my eyes?”
“They be green, Lieutenant.”
Rhodes pressed his hypo to her neck and injected a sleeping agent. Savage had tears well up in her eyes. Then her expression changed into the blank stare of the other cyborgs. But before she could act on the change, the drugs took over and she slipped into unconscious, floating in her restraints.
“That was close,” Tucker said.
“What happened?” Cass asked.
“Tucker here took me aside on our way to the CSMO,” Rhodes explained, “He thought that the mag-ring might present an issue with the alien tech and had me prepare a little cocktail just in case.”
“Why weren’t you and Gus affected?”
“Savage reprogrammed Gus’s chip, and mine was never activated. The Lieutenant’s chip was not reprogrammed and therefore could pick up the strong magnetic pulse as we crossed the jump ring,” Tucker answered. “That’s why Melissa here was affected…I wasn’t sure, but didn’t want to take any chances.”
“Tuck,” Cal wondered, “If the magnetic pulse from the ring activated Melissa, what do you suppose it did to the box?”
“Good point, Cal. Why don’t you go below and find out?”
“It’s secured in the Sarge’s locker…”
“..And that’s stopping you how? Mister I can crack and hack anything?”
“Right,” Cal answered, removing his harness.
“Gus, Cass, help me take Melissa in back where the good doctor can ensure she slumbers for the trip.”
“Fifteen days? You’re going to keep her knocked out for fifteen days?” Cass protested.
“You got another idea there, smarty pants?”
“No, I suppose not,” Cass answered, removing her harness, followed by Gus.
They maneuvered Savage to the lower crew area where Rhodes was preparing Melissa’s cabin with a special chair she could be tethered to for the trip home.
He thought she needed the best of comforts to minimize her sore muscles of not moving for two weeks.
Cal easily opened the sergeant’s locker and removed the sealed case, “Hmmm, I think I can get this one open in a few minutes. Then we’ll have a look see at the box.”
“Great!” Tucker shouted to Cal.
“Melissa is tied down and out of it,” Rhodes reported, “Her vitals are normal.”
“Normal?”
“Yeah, normal, Commander.”
“I’m not sure what’s considered normal anymore. How long before you have to give her more drugs?”
“She should be good for several hours.”
“Can you maybe narrow that down a tad?” Tucker asked, squeezing his finger and thumb closer together.
“Five hours, maybe six.”
“I want her dosed every four…just to make sure.”
“Tucker…” Cal said with slight apprehension, “I got to the box…you better come and have a look for yourself.”
“On my way.”
“I ain’t missing this,” Cass said, pushing off toward the Sarge’s cabin.
The two poked their heads in, “What’s up Cal?” Tucker asked.
“See for yourself, Tuck.”
The box floated in the air from the weightlessness and had a blue green glow that pulsated, revealing strange lettering which now appeared through the new illumination of the box.
 “Hmmm.” Tuck said, “Look at the pretty colors.”
“Hmmm, Tuck?” Cass said with a more serious look, “That’s all you got?”
“Yeah, pretty much,” he answered, studying the floating box.
“Aren’t you going to do something about this?” Cass asked.
“And what do you suppose I do with it, huh Cass? I hoped you might have some insight, or an idea, or a hypothesis, or something to go on here, cause I gotta tell ya, I’m all fresh out of ideas here.”
“It’s getting brighter, Tuck,” Cal pointed, “I think it’s charging up or something.”
“Yeah, ya think?”
“Commander,” Tucker’s ear rang with Gus’ voice, “I don’t like the looks of this...”
“What now?”
“Melissa, she just opened her eyes…I got ta tell ya, she’s not lookin’ real happy through those bright green eyes either.”
“Rhodes!” Tuck shouted.
“It’s only been an hour, that’s not possible!” the doctor exclaimed.
“Prepare another shot! Now!”
“Tuck, I think it’s going to be a little too late…” Gus said, backing up out of her cabin. He floated into the ship’s galley in complete dread.
Tucker and Cass arrived at the cabin entrance and saw Savage lying, strapped to the chair. She looked down at the straps and they began to untie themselves. She looked over at Gus and furrowed her brow and shot out a wave of energy, pushing Gus into the bulkhead and knocking him out cold.
“Everyone out, Now!” Tuck shouted, “Lock yourselves in the pilot house, except Cal…” he said turning to his friend, “You’re going to plug this thing into me.”
“Tucker! Are you nuts?”
“Hey, I’m trying to come up with a plan here, and this…seems…like a good one.”
Cass, floated over to Gus and tugged on his sleeve, bringing his momentum toward the front.
“Are you sure about this Tuck?”
“No!” he shouted, “but unless you can come up with something else, this is our best shot at stopping her.”
Savage untied the rest of her straps and floated into the common area. She floated there, looking at Tuck, then at Cass and Calvin. She paid no attention to Gus. However, the doctor was her first target she would try and eliminate.
She extended her arms and sent another wave of power, hitting Rhodes. He spun uncontrollably, striking his head. He lost consciousness and flopped in the weightless environment about the cabin.
Cass grabbed Rhodes and flung him through the airlock where he was strapped in by Sam. Then she kicked off straight at Savage.
“Cass! No!” Tucker shouted.
She caught Melissa off guard as she punched her in the abdomen at full speed. She flipped backward end for end, while Cass caught herself on the bulkhead, “Sam open the hatch to the cargo bay…now!”
Sam instinctively operated the automatic hatch, opening it just as Melissa fell through and into the cargo bay.
Gus came to and shook his head. He saw Savage, through the open hatch, regain control of herself. She was about to push off and head back into the main crew area when Gus kicked off first. He flew through the open hatch and ordered Tucker to close it behind him.
“No, Gus…Don’t do this.”
“There’s no time, have to!” Gus shouted through his headset. 
He connected with Savage, wrapping his arms around her, they tumbled end for end in the cargo bay.
“Cal, plug me in now!” Tuck ordered.
Calvin looked down at the back of Tucker’s neck and then jammed the end of the cable from the box into the jack. The box began to spin and glowed brightly. Tucker yelled out and winced as the signal from the box flooded his brain with gamma waves, then the box stopped and returned to its once inert state. Tucker collapsed momentarily with the surge of the new feeling that raced through his body.
“Blow the airlock! Do it now!” Gus begged as he continued to wrestle with Savage in the weightlessness.
“Nooooo! Tucker shouted, “We’ll vent the entire cabin!”
Sam punched the emergency cargo bay release, causing the floor to pop unlocked and lower into the open position, sucking Gus and Savage out into space. Air began to whirl past them, taking each of their breaths away, as the cabin depressurized from the open bay.
Tucker sucked in as much air as he could and performed the squeezing maneuver to prevent passing out from the air evacuation. Cass was pulled toward the hatch, but grabbed on to the opening. Her grip began slipping as the force of the escaping air tugged on her.
Tucker gritted his teeth, not able to scream. He saw Cass’s grip fail and she began to fall toward the cargo bay opening. He reached out in desperation, but just missed the tips of her fingers, and no longer could contain his screams at what he was about to witness, “Noooooooo!”
An energy wave left Tuckers arm toward Cass, as if an extension of his own hand left his body, stopping her from exiting the ship. She remained suspended as the cargo bay rolled back into the closed position and the environmental controls brought the air and pressure to normal.
He looked through the hatch into the cargo bay and saw only Cass spinning softly…limp, “Cass,” he whispered, pushing off into the bay.
He came to her side and oriented himself with her spinning. He brought her up to his face and looked into her closed eyes. 
“Cass…Cass…come on…wake up already,” he said nervously.
Then she slowly opened her eyes and smiled, “Tuck?”
“Cass! You’re alive!” and then he locked lips with her.
Cass fought him off at first, but then quickly melted into his arms and kissed him passionately in return.
“Hey you two,” Calvin said peeking his head into the cargo bay, “Is everyone accounted for?”
Tucker and Cass released their lips and just smiled at each other, “I’m here,” she said softy.
“Where’s Gus?” Calvin asked.
“Gus sacrificed himself to save us,” Tucker said somberly, “He repaid me for saving him down there. He wanted to die an honorable death, so I guess he did.”
“Tucker,” Cass said, stroking his cheek.
“It’s okay, I was about to do the same.”
“That’s why you amped?”
“That’s why I activated my chip, yes.”
“What about your son, Tuck?”
“I would have hoped that the box would have been enough…and I definitely wanted to save yours.”
“Ah, Tuck…I didn’t think you really felt that way about me…you know…just the other way.”
“Hey, what do you take me for anyway? Besides, I only really knew once you were about to die…and I didn’t want that to happen.”
“That’s how you grabbed me from twenty feet?”
“That…and my new amped chip inside my head.”
Sam came through the pilot house, “Okay, guys. We’re set to arrive at Earth in fourteen days.”
Cass looked at Tucker, “What ever shall we do for all those long days?”
Tucker returned her devious look, “Same thing you’re thinking,” he said, then locked lips with her again.



Chapter 17

Salvage-5
Sept. 24th, 2064 08:30

Completed Objectives:
RETURN TO EARTH WITH TECH

All mission objectives completed


The Salvage-5 ship hovered over the landing site. Sam gently lowered the craft to its landing position after being authorized by the tower.
“Touch down in…3…2…1…mission complete,” Sam announced, “Shutting down engines and securing all stations.”
The crew heard the turbines in the engines slow down with a whirring sound, “Commander, permission to open the hatch,” Cass requested.
Tucker looked over at Cass and smiled, then he took out a brand new cigar he’d been saving for this moment. He lit it and took a huge drag, then blew it out over their heads, “Permission granted, Major.”
“Major? My, my aren’t we formal today? Wait, you said Major?”
“Why, yes, I did indeed…you earned it Major, now just keep it professional.”
“At least until we’re alone, right?”
“Okay, you guys,” Calvin said, rolling his eyes, “knock it off already.”
“Whattya mean, Cal?”
“Commander,” Rhodes added, “You are aware of how long the last fourteen days have been…really?”
Cass smiled at Tuck, “I don’t know what they’re all talking about, it wasn’t that long for me.”
Sam unlocked the cargo bay door and lowered it down to the tarmac, “I’m just glad to be home, time for a long vacation.”
“Come on Cass, we’ve got an appointment with the General,” Tucker said, stepping out of his seat.
He grabbed the alien tech and carried it by its bundle of wires letting it dangle as he clomped down the ramp of the ship.
Cass quickly caught up, followed by Sam, Calvin and Rhodes who stood on the ramp watching a jeep speed up to the ship.
“I’ll bet this would be our ride,” Cass said.
“I’ll bet you’re right…come on, let’s go debrief with McKenzie.
The two hopped in the jeep which then quickly sped them down the flight line toward the general’s building.
Tucker leaned over to the general’s aide, “So, how’s the general’s mood today?”
“Since when have you been concerned with the general’s mood, Colonel?” the aide asked over the noise of the open air jeep.
“Because I need to know if he’s already in a bad mood, I want to know how bad so I know what to tell him first.”
“Well, then I’d have to say he’s fair to middlin’ today.”
“Hmmm, okay then. Say, have you ever seen the good general in a great mood? Ever?”
“Nope, just between us, I can’t say that I have.”
“Well, at least one thing’s for sure.”
“What’s that Colonel?”
“You’ll not likely see him in a good mood today.”
“Great, thanks for the warning, Colonel,” the aide said as he pulled up to the building entrance.
The driver escorted the two down the corridor, stopping in front of the general’s office, where a snooty secretary sat at her desk. 
“Hellooooo, miss,” Tucker said in his friendliest tone, “Could you be so kind as to tell the General that we’re here to see him now?” Then he puffed his cigar and blew the smoke over her head.
The woman waved her hand in the air, gave him a stare and then called the General, “They’re here…please…go inside,” she said hurriedly.
“I get the feeling she doesn’t like me,” he said to Cass as they walked through the door to the General’s office.
“Sit down,” the General said with a stern look.
“Hey, I’m happy to see you too general,” offering his hand to him.
The general, taken back by his gesture, instinctively grabbed for his, but Tucker raised his hand to a salute before he could make contact.
   “Colonel!” he shouted, “I’m in no mood for your tomfooleries today…”
Tucker pointed to the general with his thumb and looked over at Cass, “Tomfooleries?”
“Yeah, Dick,” Cass snipped, looking at Tucker, “Just about as bad as Mawkish.”
“Jeez, where do they find these people anyway?”
“I said I wasn’t in the mood!”
“That’s odd,” Cass said, returning her stare at the General, “the driver said you were fair to middlin’, I think your way less than that, wouldn’t you say, Colonel?”
The general, still standing when they came into the room, leaned on his arms across his desk toward Tucker, “You wonder why I’m in such a bad mood?”
Tucker began to open his mouth with an answer, but the general cut him off, “…I’ll tell you why…first you created an international incident that I’ve been trying to fix since you left,” he shouted, “Then you completely obliterated a company CSMO dredge, destroyed an 80 million dollar MECH, cause thousands of dollars of damage on your ship…and next on the list, you shoot a company top executive’s nephew in the leg, and finally, to add to this list of fun that I’ll take months of red tape explaining your actions…” running out of breath,  McKenzie gasped, “…You lose two of our very best men under your command!”
Tucker stood as calm as he possibly could, “Really General?” he spoke softly, then just stood there for a moment, slowly shaking his head.
Cass’s expression changed from playfulness to one of discontent as she stared daggers at the man.
Tucker tossed the alien tech on the General’s desk making it bounce and roll over to one side, “Here’s your tech…mission accomplished…general…”
“Hey, be careful with that!”
“Oh come on now, Mac…I mean, it made it all the way home with us in one piece.”
“Might I now add to my list,” the General began with a stern look into Tucker’s eyes, “Breach of security protocol!”
Tucker was no longer able to contain himself, grabbed the general by his lapels and drew him close to his face, “General…let me tell you a thing or two! I’ve been kicked, stabbed, jabbed, shot at, abducted, strapped to an alien table, injected with alien tech…I saved my entire crew, and, one from the number 4, and healed him of cancer to boot!”
“Let’s not forget about that,” Cass chimed.
“…delivered parts to a slimy CSMO and was ordered to leave two of my crew behind...”
“…two crew we could have used on our little episode after the mag-ring,” Cass again added, “…and the kid’s lucky that a bullet wound is all he got…”
Tucker glanced at Cass, “Thank you Major,” then turned back to the general, “…then I got to witness the instant change into full blown cyborg alien type thing of one of the best deckhand officers I’ve seen in years…I got to see her tears well up in her eyes, full well knowing what was about to happen to her,” Tucker shouted, choking out the words, “knowing that I would have to try and kill her just to survive the trip home…then, just as I was about to give my life for my fellow crew, I witness my best friend throw himself on the grenade of life…he did this so I can bring this tech back in order to save my son’s life!” then he pushed him back, releasing his iron grip.
The general remained silent and brushed off his freshly pressed suit.
“Tuck,” McKenzie said, sitting in his chair, “You better sit down.”
“What? Next you’re going to tell me that it was all for nothing? …’cause, General, you really don’t want to tell me that,” turning to Cass, “Tell him he really does not want to tell me that.”
“Sit down, Colonel.” 
“I prefer to stand!”
“As do I,” Cass said, folding her arms.
“Very well…”
“Spill it, Mac.”
“We won’t be able to perform the surgery on Ben.”
“Excuse me? Tucker asked, cupping his ear, “Can you repeat that? I don’t think I heard him right.”
“It’s too late for your son, Tucker…it’s been too long…the doctors don’t think the tech will take, he’ll die with or without it…and we need our subject to live.”
Cassandra pulled her side arm, cocked the chamber and pressed the gun to the general’s head, “No, you heard him right.”
“Cass,” Tucker smiled, “You go girl…”
“I’m not going to allow you to say those words again, Mac, Richard, or Dick, or whatever it is you like to be called...”
“Hey, that’s my line.”
“And a good one it is too…” Cass turned her head back to the General, “You will not have Gus’ act of heroism be all for naught…if he dies either way, then what difference would it make? At least we’d know he died trying!”
“Uh, yeah…Major…put down the weapon…”
“Make the call…”
“Put down your weapon first.”
“General, I’ve known you for…I don’t know how many years,” Tucker said, “about as many I’ve known the Major here?”
“Yes…”
“And how many times have you ever seen the major draw her weapon on her superior…not counting the incident in Libya twelve years ago, that is…”
“Never…”
“Then I suggest you realize that she’s dead serious here, wouldn’t you?”
 The general reluctantly picked up his data pad from his desk and called Griffin, “Yeah, it’s me…prep the boy…yes you heard me correctly…don’t make me repeat myself again….yes, I know what I said before…never mind that…just follow your new orders…right...he’ll be ready in twelve hours? Good…the Colonel will report for prep before that… …right…you can stop by my office anytime…that’s right, I have the alien tech….we’ll need to start working on reverse engineering it right away…very good, Griffin. See you soon.”
The general terminated the link and set his data pad gently back on the desk, “There, now lower your weapon.”
Cass looked over at Tuck for approval and saw his affirmative nod, “Probably a good idea now, Major.”
She raised her weapon in the air, un-cocked it and returned it to her side holster, never taking her eyes off McKenzie, “I’m glad you finally saw things our way, General.”
“Get out…get out of my office before I arrest you for…”
Cass reached for her side arm again, and the General, immediately changed his tune, “Just get out of my face, both of you…”
“Why thank you General,” Tucker said, “It’s been real…it’s been fun…but it’s not been real fun…”
“Until next time, General,” Cass smiled as the two walked out of his office.

Memorial Hospital
Sept. 24th 2064 18:30

Tucker held some flowers in his hand and knocked on the glass of the ICU where his son was.
Beverly looked up and came over to open the sliding glass door, “Tuck?”
“In the flesh,” he said. “Here.”
“For me?” she said, smelling the bouquet.
“No, they’re for Bennie, Bev.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Bev, I’m about to go down and be prepped for the transplant…can we go someplace and talk.”
“Talk?”
“Don’t worry, I’m not asking to get back together. I know it was over ten years ago.”
“Okay, come with me…there’s a conference room down the hall.
Tucker closed the door behind them as they entered the privacy room, “So, after all these years…you finally want to talk?”
“Bev, bear with me…this ain’t easy for me.”
“Yeah, probably not…I’m sorry, go ahead.”
“I was able to talk with Gus…”
“…and? What did he tell you?”
“I know why you two were so close…he told me about his cancer.”
“Tuck…”
“Shhh shhh shhh,” Tucker said, “It’s alright now. He told me to keep it a secret…so I know he told you as well, I don’t blame you anymore.”
“Tuck, our connection was greater than your love for you and I…we had something in common, but I swear we never slept together.”
“I know…you both had cancer….only you survived…”
“His was inoperable…he was getting worse day by day…”
“You were treated…but that’s not the real issue.”
“Then what is?”
“Bev, you left me because I was always away on missions…those were my life...somewhere, I forgot about the people that I really cared about…I finally realize that it was all on me…not you…I had to find a way in my own mind as to why you left…but I could never face you like this before.”
“Tucker, I’m glad you finally understand…”
“I know we’ll never get back together. But now, I’m going to try a new relationship.”
“Oh, Tucker, that’s great news…I’m so happy for you.”
“I do hope we can become friends, though.”
“Of course, Tuck…we can be friends.”
The two hugged for the first time in years. He really had missed her warm body next to his, but he knew it would never work out that way again with them.
Separating after a few moments, “So who’s the lucky girl?”
“Cassie.”
“Cassie! I would have never guessed…I thought you hated her.”
“Apparently I was wrong.”
“Tucker Petersen? Admitting he’s wrong? Was this being recorded by chance?” Beverly laughed.
Cass knocked on the door and then peeked inside, “Sorry to interrupt, but they’re ready for you downstairs.”
“Okay, looks like I’m ready for the happy train…thanks for taking the time to listen Bev…that meant a lot.”
“Tuck, what you have done and what you are about to do for our son…I’ll never be able to thank you enough.”
Tucker smiled, “Thank Gus…he’s the real hero here…come on Cass, chauffer   me away.”
“Don’t be too humble Tuck, “Cass said, “You did your part on the mission too.”
“Oh, hey thanks for finally taking notice.”
“Come on already, Tucker. Your chariot awaits.”

Memorial Hospital	
Sept. 28th 2064 10:30

Tucker fluttered his eyes open and began to focus on the woman standing over him, “Ca…Cass?” he whispered through a dry mouth.
“There you are, Mister.”
“How long?”
“You were out nearly three days.”
“Three days?”
“Yes, Dr. Rhodes said that your brain had to heal after the chip removal.”
“The chip…right…how’s Ben?”
“Why don’t you see for yourself,” Cass said.
Stepping aside revealed a young man sitting in a wheel chair, “Bennie?”
“Hi Dad.”
“Son! I’m so happy to see you…how are you feeling?”
“Doc says I’m as good as new, if not better that I was before.”
“You okay with having this inside of you?”
“Yeah, I think it’s kind of cool.”
“The doctor says, he needs to take it easy for a few weeks,” Cass answered.
“You guys are welcome to crash at my pad while you two convalesce.”
“You’ll take care of us both?”
“Come on Dad, it’ll be fun…maybe we can actually be a family again.”
“How much have you told him already, Cassie?”
“Enough…”
“Great…now just don’t get any ideas of me settling down too awfully soon…”
 “Now Tuck,” Cass winked, “You don’t have to worry about our military life, we all know you have about two more years of service…and as luck would have it, there’s another mission we’re being asked to go out on.”
“Oh really…we’re being asked? Guess I didn’t think the General would have allowed me to have another command again.”
“It’s not the General’s idea…’sides he’s been transferred to another top secret facility.”
“With the alien tech I presume?”
“Of course.”
“So whose idea was this anyway?”
“It seems that executive of that nephew’s knee you shot?”
“Oh, come on now…I had to…”
“Relax Tuck. He actually thanked you for doing that…”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah, seems he’s been wanting to do that himself for a long time.”
“Only happy to help…so what’s the mission?”
“The mag-ring at the CSMO 253 Mathilde was damaged when a thruster jet misfired on one of the container transports…the company wants us to go out and facilitate the repair.”
“Oh, how fun…I hope Hargrove and Samuels have the place fixed up before we go back…which is when again?”
“There’s no rush on this…just means that no one can rotate out until it’s fixed…”
“Okay, so that doesn’t answer my question: when?”
“We can depart in six months. That’s the optimal launch time.”
“Okay then…it’s a date…sounds like a cake walk compared to our last mission.”
“Well, it’s a little more than just repairing this ring…”
“Go on…”
“Seems the company has officially contracted the military to place these mag-rings throughout our system at strategic locations…just think of the opportunities…”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa…back the truck up…I’m not going to…”
“Tucker…” 
“Jeez, where do you find these people,” he said, smiling at Ben as he pointed with his thumb.
“Well, Whattya say?”
“Do I really have a choice?”
“Nope.”
“Okay, then…it’s a date,” Tucker said. He reached over to his table but it was just out of reach.
“Here, let me help ya,” Cass said, picking up a slightly used cigar. She held it to his lips and held a flame up to him.
He puffed real hard three times and blew a large plume of smoke, followed by several alarm bells ringing out.
The charge nurse ran into Tucker’s room with a scolding tone, “Put that out! You can’t smoke in here,” she demanded, canceling the alarms.
Cass turned to the nurse, “Wanna place any bets on that?”
“It’s against policy!”
 “Sorry nurse ratchet, but I deserve every bit of this,” then took another drag and blew it in her face.
The nurse waved her hand in the air and stared disgustedly at Tuck when Cass spoke up again, “See, you’re gonna lose this bet,” she whispered.
She turned and stormed out, closing the door behind her.
“Tucker took another puff, “I love it when a plan comes together…say,” he asked, “when can I blow this pop stand?”
“Doc says you can be discharged in a couple of days.”
“Good…very good…I’m going to have a ton of fun with this one,” he smiled.
“Tucker…”
“Relax, I’ll be kind.”
“Sure you will, Tuck…sure you will,” Cass winked, “Come on Ben. Let’s let your father get some rest.”
“Okay, Mom…can I call you mom yet?”
“Don’t push it son,” Tucker smiled.
“Hey, can you bring me a bottle of my favorite scotch? GlenLivet? Thanks…you’re a real peach, sweetie.”
“Don’t push it Tuck.”
“Ah, Cassie, you’re such a party poop.
Cass and Ben ignored his request as she pushed Ben out of the room.
“Ah, come on…love you too… bye, bye now, see ya soon…jeez, where do they find these people anyway?” 


#  #  #
Sneak Peek


If you enjoyed Salvage-5 – The First Mission, I’ve included a special preview for the next book in the series for your sneak peek.


Salvage-5
The Next Mission

by
Brian K. Larson

Chapter 1

“I don't think the human race will survive the next thousand years, unless we spread into space. There are too many accidents that can befall life on a single planet. But I'm an optimist. We will reach out to the stars.”

-STEPHEN HAWKING 
The Daily Telegraph, Oct. 16, 2001


UTS Liberator
Kuiper Belt - Asteroid 253 Mathilde
Aug. 19th 2064 16:00

Mission Objectives:
DELIVER EMPTY CONTANERS TO CSMO
Transport Ore Containers to Earth


Captain Steve Hodges completed the engine reverse burn sequence as they approached the CSMO at Asteroid 253 Mathilde, located in the Kuiper Belt, the main asteroid belt that lies between the planets Mars and Jupiter.
“Reverse burn terminating...slowing to 25,000 KPH...distance to CSMO is 5,000 kilometers...contact CSMO and let ‘em know we’re 15 minutes out,” the captain ordered his co-pilot.
Once the daily course corrections and engine adjustments were completed, there was a lot of free time. Since there was little to fill in this free time except exercise or read, Captain Hodges was in great shape. A thick unibrow gave the dark haired, medium built man an unmistakable look.  
Captains, and their co-pilots, only flew two out of six months for these missions, and for a total of four round trips per year. Fortunately, the Company’s hazard pay compensation was more than enough to live on the rest of the time.
This was his fifth trip to Asteroid 253 Mathilde over the last year and a half. This hauler would be the last to travel here for six more months, as transport windows were closing for the season. It would be months before their location was within an acceptable distance to make the trip. Even with the powerful Mag-Ring technology that propelled ships to one tenth light speed, it would still take too long due to the great distance at those times of the year. Even the Salvage ships would have to wait until new engine technologies were developed in order to make it across within a four week survival window. 
With the current engine efficiencies, it would take eight weeks to travel one way.  Salvage vessels can go three months before they begin to get low on fuel, so minimum safety standards were set, requiring double the distance capability before being propelled to the far reaches of the asteroid belt. Until then, these Asteroid mining operations would be isolated from any traffic four months out of the every six.
The current production rate of the CSMO 253 Mathilde had been slow over the last several months, which reduced the number of ore shipments to twelve. Each shipment was made up of twelve containers locked into the racks hauled by the UTS. The other five CSMO’s scattered throughout the asteroid fields had nearly triple the output of this operation. Those CSMO’s were top performers and could afford nearly forty runs during the open window.
“CSMO 253 Mathilde, UTS Liberator, ETA fifteen minutes to container drop...please prepare to receive empties,” co-pilot Kenneth O’Reilly squawked in his thick Irish brogue.  
Static was returned for a few seconds before a harsh sounding voice responded.
“How many you got with ya?” Sergeant Samuels bellowed.
Ken turned to his captain, “He’s gonna be pissed...”
Kenneth O’Reilly, co-pilot of the Liberator and only other person on board, never made it through the academy. He washed out only one week into officer school, the instructors telling him he was too weak. He couldn’t help genetics, his family was never muscular. He tried as hard as his body would allow, but he would be cut regardless of the spirit he showed. That’s when the Company took him in and trained him as a UTS copilot. Though he never would be a captain, he did get to travel into space, a lifelong dream he had as a small boy.
“Give it to him straight,” Captain Hodges answered, “That’s the only way you’re going to get anywhere while the military controls the CSMO.”
The freckled faced co-pilot ran his hand though his red hair. Then he hit the transmit button, “Four containers...”
Before O’Reilly could finish, the Sergeant spat back, “Whattya mean four!? We’ve got a whole lot of ore ready to pack up down here. Four containers! Jeez, man...what were you thinking?”
“We were only authorized to bring four due to the slow production of this facility,” O’Reilly answered.
“Listen and listen good, UTS Liberator, We’ve got at least twelve containers of ore sittin’ on the asteroid surface ready to be scooped up...so you better come up with a plan or the Company...your employer...won’t be all too happy hearing that they’re losing money over here, because somebody didn’t send enough empties!”
“Give us the coordinates where you want these empties dropped, and then we’ll stop by for a quick visit.”
“CSMO, Liberator, we’re sending you the coordinates,” a new voice said, Lieutenant Hargrove entering the conversation from the CSMO’s control station.
The empty containers would be dropped off next to the path of the CSMO as it carved a channel, moving across the surface of the asteroid. CSMO’s dropped full containers behind them. When it was full, a team of MECH’s, short for Mechanized Environmental Contained Housing, would bring an empty container and set it in position on the CSMO as it continued its one-quarter kilometer an hour course. Full containers were transported to the container cage housing by ships called grabbers.
“Liberator, CSMO, we received the coordinates.”
“Slowing to 900 KPH,” the captain announced, “On final vector to first asteroid drop coordinates.”
“Liberator, this is Sergeant Samuels. You do understand that it is against regulation for any auto-hauler pilot ships to enter the CSMO?”
“Yes, Sergeant,” O’Reilly replied, looking over at his captain, “We understand the rules, but rules are meant to be bent from time to time.”
“Not as long Lieutenant Hargrove and I are running this tub.”
“What do you mean by running?” 
“CSMO 253 Mathilde is under Military control until all the safety violations have all been addressed,” Lieutenant Hargrove stated with authority.
“Come on...haven’t you broken any rules in your life? You haven’t lived until you have, you know,” putting noticeable emphasis on his accent.
“Is there a reason you need to stop at the facility?” Samuels asked, “Any maintenance needs or repairs before you depart?”
“Yeah, yeah...better do some fine calibration on our NAV computer. It requires our systems being off-line. Regulations require docking at any facility to prevent any ‘roid strikes,” O’Reilly winked to his captain.
“Drop your containers and proceed to the landing bay,” Hargrove relented, “But you will have to remain in the landing bay level, and no other access to the CSMO...clear on that?”
“Quite clear...Liberator out. “See?” O’Reilly mused, “Ya jus’ have to know how to work it.”
Thirty minutes later, the Liberator finished setting the four empties at the designated coordinates along the path of the CSMO, and flew back with its rear container rack. Each rack housed four containers, and could be connected in tandem to three others, increasing the total payload.
“Prepare for pilot deck separation,” Captain Hodges ordered.
“Transport cage is in position,” O’Reilly acknowledged, “Full stop...CSMO, Liberator, we are ready for you to load our rack. Beginning separation sequence...heading to your current location. Prepare docking bay for our arrival.”
“Liberator, CSMO, we are dispatching clamp ships to load containers on your rack. You’re clear to approach CSMO 253 Mathilde.”
“CSMO, Liberator...roger that...Liberator out.”
“Docking clamps released,” Captain Hodges reported, “Firing thrusters...separation is complete.”
“Separation successful, Captain, you’re clear to maneuver,” O’Reilly confirmed.
“CSMO, Liberator, we are clear of the cage structure and are on final to docking bay.”
“Liberator, CSMO,” Samuels answered, “Landing bay doors are open. You are cleared to land.”

CSMO 253 Mathilde
Aug. 19th 2064 17:00

Completed  Objectives:
DELIVER EMPTY CONTANERS TO CSMO

The hatch popped open with a swoosh of air that passed over Hodges and O’Reilly’s faces, each taking their breath back.
“What the hell is that stench?” O’Reilly gagged.
Samuels stood at the airlock entrance and simply smiled, “You’ll get used to it after a while. Damn scrubbers have been saturated from the waste and garbage strewn about.”
“I can see why you don’ not want visitors,” O’Reilly said, “I’d be ashamed.”
“It’s way better than it was when we first got here, but new scrubbers will be needed...”
“Maybe two sets at that,” O’Reilly mused, walking into the landing bay.
“Captain Hodges, here,” extending a hand to the Sergeant, “Pleasure to meet ya.”
Samuels stood with his arms folded, then the captain nervously retracted his hand, “Sorry about the miscommunication about the empties you needed...”
“We’ve made a few improvements to production,” Samuels smiled, “still have a ways to go before she’s running the way she should.”
“If I can use your long distance relay, we can request more containers before the window closes down on us.”
“What about your NAV computer adjustments?”
“Oh, that? Well, that was just a ruse,” the co-pilot smiled.
“Well, I figured as much.”
“Did ya now?”
“Yeah, this ain’t my first rodeo.”
“If, ya lead the way? The relay’s a wait’n.” 
Hargrove took Samuels by the arm, “Take the message for him, he shouldn’t be allowed on board.”
“It’s okay, Lieutenant,” the Sergeant nodded, “I’ll be with him the entire time. Won’t be gone long.”
“Okay, fine,” Hargrove pointed with a finger, “Just hurry back.”
“Relax, Hargrove, nothing’s going to happen.”
“How long you think it’ll take?” Hargrove asked O’Reilly.
“Give us an hour,” O’Reilly said, “Takes about forty minutes for messages to go out and come back. Give or take their answer and ya got yourselves an hour.”
“Good enough,” Hargrove said, relaxing his posture, “Captain? Ever tried coffee off a CSMO galley?”
“No, can’t say I have.”
“Well, come on and follow me then. There’s a galley on this deck. You have to try it at least once.”
“Are you having any?”
“Not on your life.”
“Then what makes you think I do?”
“You don’t get a vote.”
“I see.”

UTS Liberator 
Aug. 19th 2064 18:10

Hodges and O’Reilly shook hands with Sergeant Samuels and the Lieutenant. O’Reilly smiled, “I told ya I could fix ‘er up fur ya’. Eight more containers are on the way”
“The CSMO crew thanks you. You are saving them countless hours of cleanup,” Samuels nodded.
“Without containers, the CSMO crew has to dump the ore behind it. Then our digger ships have to run and collect it. This most certainly saves the Company a ton in fuel costs,” Hargrove added, returning the co-pilot’s handshake. 
“The containers should be arrivin’ in about two weeks.”
“Thanks again. Safe travels on your return,” Samuels nodded.
O’Reilly and his captain sealed the hatch and climbed into the cockpit of the Liberator.
“Whew, I’m sure glad we got to close this hatch,” O’Reilly said.
“Don’t know how much longer I could have stayed there without gagging.”
The transmission was heard in their ear pieces, “Liberator, CSMO, you’re cleared for departure.”
“CSMO, Liberator, commencing engine start sequence.”
“All systems green across the board,” Captain Hodges acknowledged, “Ion turbine and thrusters online...avionics green.”
“NAV check.”
“Navigational gyros engaged, take off sequence. Course set and verified.”
“CSMO, Liberator, we are green for takeoff.”
“Liberator, CSMO, cleared for takeoff...ascend to 100 meters and hold.”
“Lifting off,” Captain Hodges said, raising the control stick. 
The auto-hauler lifted off and retracted its landing rods before ascending to the holding position 100 meters above the CSMO. Once the CSMO cleared the Liberator, they flew to dock with the now fully loaded container rack. They would make the return trip as one ship. 
“CSMO, Liberator, begin Mag-Ring spool sequence...we’ve got the package and are heading to the Ring,” Hodges reported.
“Mag-Ring is spooling. Proceed to jump coordinates at 20,000 KPH. Mag-Ring ETA 15 minutes.”
“Affirmative, CSMO. On course to jump-ring...accelerating to 20,000 KPH...Mag-Ring coordinates locked and verified.”
“Liberator, CSMO, you’re slightly off course to the ring. Adjust course 0.0025 degrees port.”
“Roger, CSMO. 0.0025 degrees port. Adjusting course, now,” Hodges reported.
“Liberator, CSMO, you’re still off course, correct immediately, or abort jump!”
“CSMO, Liberator, I can’t correct our course! Terminate Mag-Ring sequence! We’re aborting jump! Repeat, abort jump!”
“Liberator, CSMO, we’ve terminated the power up sequence. Mag-Ring is cold...repeat Mag-Ring is cold.”
“We have a major failure on starboard thruster pack...we’re going to hit!”
“Firing emergency breaking thrusters!” O’Reilly shouted.
“No good!” Hodges yelled, “We’re going in!”
The Liberator, with its cargo, hurled toward the giant one hundred and fifty meter round by thirty meters thick Mag-Ring. 
The captain, trying to steer the Liberator to starboard, turned from the Mag-Ring course. The ship struck the top starboard quarter of the Mag-Ring, damaging a large section of the ring assembly.
“Liberator, CSMO...do you copy? Liberator, CSMO, come in!” Samuels shouted, but the wireless only returned static.


More Works

I hope you enjoyed this first installment of Salvage-5.
Here are more books by me for your reading enjoyment.

Salvage-5
Salvage-5: The Next Mission
Salvage-5: Another Mission
Salvage-5: Final Mission

A.M.P
(Amplified Mental Projection)
Phase 1
Phase 2
Phase 3
Phase 4
Final Phase

The Warlords of Antares
Warlords Series Book 1

Empress of Antares
Warlords Series Book 2

Blood Scroll of Antares
Warlords Series Book 3

Secret of the Crystal

Secret of the Crystal II
The Forge

Secret of the Crystal III
Destiny

Secret of the Crystal IV
Forgotten Legacy

Secret of the Crystal V
The Rune

~ Coming Soon ~

Rise of the Warlords
2018

Dark Word Series

Salvage-5: AMPED
AMP - AFTERMATH
AMP - The Transcendent
2018 / 2019


Thank you so much for your support and being a fan of the Salvage-5 series.
You can visit bklarson.com for news and updates.

Before you go, please remember to leave your favorite author an honest review for their hard work. 

Thank you,

Author, Brian K. Larson

