Saphora
Vol.1
Retention

Jaz Johnson 
Copyright 2014 © Jaz Johnson
All rights reserved
Smashwords edition







This book is fiction. Names, characters, places, incidents, and events are entirely fictitious. Any resemblance to any actual events, works, persons, dead or living, is coincidental, and is beyond the intent of the author.
No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, stored in, or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system in any form, whether it be electronic or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without written consent of the author.











Acknowledgements 

	I’d like to thank my family for being there for me and giving me the support that I needed. Thank you for believing in me and pushing me to do what I love. I want to thank all of my friends for their support as well. For giving me feedback on my stories telling me their honest truth. Thank you to all of my teachers and professors for walking me through the wonderful world of fiction. And of course, I’d like to thank all of my fans and followers! You keep me engaged and humble. 









Chapter 1


It was a Saturday evening, atop a winding hill in an old abandoned house. It was pouring and hardly anything was visible in the onslaught of water, which made for the perfect cover up to the crash-landing. Something – someone had landed in this unsuspecting home. Everything was damp. The roof of the kitchen had caved in, the windows were shattered, the tiles were cracked and covered in debris, the cabinets had been crushed, the pipes were bent and leaking water, and all that was left standing was an island marble counter. On top of it, lay the child that came crashing through. Her body lay limp, and her mind was settled in an unconscious state. She was an odd being, what with her pastel mint coloured hair, and her ruby coloured eyes, hidden behind closed eyelids. Her long hair curled slightly around her neck and chin as she breathed long, smooth breaths. But that peaceful slumber would soon be rudely interrupted by a man who had been ordered to bring her back with him – dead or alive.
Tebias was a man of power. A man of defiance. A man of severity. A man to be reckoned with. He wore an attire of stealth, allowing him to move through the night without a trace, and to be feared by anyone who dared lay unwelcome eyes on him. With each step he took towards the entrance of the kitchen, his thick combat-fitted boot crunched down on scattered debris from the dismembered roof. And with each crunch, it shook the child’s sleeping mind further towards consciousness. It wasn’t long before she began to stir, her body making faint, but noticeable movements as a whimpering groan left her parted lips. With eyebrows pulled together, her eyes slowly fluttered open, the pupils dilating and taking in their new and unknown surroundings. Her dim ruby eyes squinted, as they glanced about while her limbs began to trudge about the counter top, making movements to sit up on the cold, damp marble. Tebias stepped into the doorway of the kitchen as she lifted herself up with weak arms to lay eyes on the man unknown to her. A knowing grin tugged at the corners of his thin lips as he looked over the vulnerable child who looked onto him with wonder and confusion. He took a step towards her, shaking his head in amusement as he took a look around the decrepit room. 
“My word, Saphora. Look at the mess you’ve made…” he mumbled to himself, kicking a wooden plank out of his way. The child flinched and looked down at it as it was moved, before looking back up at him, wondering who he was. He was in fact her hunter – hand chosen. Saphora stayed silent as he continued to grow closer to her, moving with careful and planned actions. He raised an eyebrow, carefully examining her expression.
“… Why do you not run, I wonder,” he said to her, tilting his head, his slicked back red hair shifting in his ponytail. Saphora moved her head back as he drew closer.
“Run?” she repeated, obviously not comprehending. With raised eyebrows, Tebias was taken aback by her response, before the grin that had been tugging on his lips finally broke through.
“Could it be…Do you know who I am?” he asked her as he would a child. She timidly shook her head no. He let out a chuckle and shook his head, giving a glance to the ceiling, before returning to meet her confused eyes. 
“What fun. And tell me. Do you know who you are, child?” he asked her, leaning forward with an extended hand. Her chin lowered at the question, her eyes darting to the side for a brief moment before answering.
“…I am, Saphora?” she asked, more than answered, having heard Tebias address her as such. He nodded and smiled, looking down at the cracked tile.
“Indeed you are. And do you know…what you are?” he would question her again. This time her brows pulled together as her lips parted to answer. But nothing came out. She did not know.
“That’s quite alright. You don’t need to know. Just come with me,” he said, almost demanding it. But Saphora was hesitant, as she should have been. She gently shook her head and began to move back. But the moment that caught the eye of Tebias, his hand slammed down on the counter, making her flinch and yelp, her eyes going wide.
“Now,” he breathed, his grin fading into a hard line. After swallowing the lump that had formed in her throat, she sheepishly began to slide forward, but was immediately stopped by an urgent voice ringing in her head.
“No, Saphora!” it yelled in a whisper, stopping her completely. The woman’s voice rang in her ears as her eyes darted about, while Tebias’ hand gripped the edge of the counter in frustration. His temper was not one to be toyed with.
“Don’t listen…”
“Is there a problem?” Tebias asked with a snarl, making Saphora refocus. She wasn’t sure of what to say. She was still trying to figure out what, and who she had just heard, and if she had in fact actually heard it.
“Move,” Tebias demanded. And once again, Saphora began to move forward. But again, she was stopped by this ringing voice of a woman, strangely familiar to her.
“You mustn’t go with him, Saphora. Listen,” she echoed into her ears. And then with a grunt, Tebias reached forward, his patience having been worn.
“Alright then,” he said, going to grab her by the wrist. She gasped as she was yanked forward by it, her face scrunching up in pain and discomfort. She pulled her wrist back, only to have it yanked on again, this time dragging her across the counter-top. 
“No!” she shouted in protest, shaking her head and pulling in resistance again, to no avail. Tebias pulled again, a frown forming on his face as he pulled Saphora onto the floor, and proceeded with dragging her out of the kitchen. Saphora’s bare heels dug into the floor as she desperately tried to use her own weight as an anchor against his force. She clawed at his gloved hand that was tightly secured around her wrist as she was continued to be pulled. And then the voice rang again.
“Listen to me my child. Quickly! Repeat after me…” she whispered in her ear. Saphora flinched and muffled her whimpers, long enough to listen to the woman’s words. Noticing the sudden lack of resistance, Tebias turned around to look at the girl, who had her head somewhat down, seemingly in deep thought. He tugged on her wrist cautiously, making her trip forward, expecting a reaction. But the one he got was something he was unprepared for. Saphora’s head snapped up, revealing her now wide, glowing white eyes. Tebias almost immediately jerked back and released her hand, so that he could raise his own in defense. But it was too late. An immense amount of energy launched from Saphora’s body into him, sending her hair whipping behind her, and sending him flying through three dry walls before finally landing unconscious against the forth in one of the bedrooms. Saphora stumbled back onto the floor after the ambush, her lashes fluttering as tears welled in her stunned eyes. She took in gasping breaths as she took in the sight before her, the dust and rubble slowly clearing from in front of her. She coughed a couple of times before wobbling to her feet, and leaning back on the marble counter, which seemed to become somewhat of a sanctuary to her. Her blurring eyes looked around as the woman continued to talk to her.
“Now run, Saphora. Get out of there!” she yelled. And within the instant, she took off, not exactly knowing where. She stumbled a couple of times, holding onto the wall or whatever was around for support until she found the front door. It had been kicked in, so all she had to do was run out onto the driveway. She breathed heavily as she looked around the abandoned lot. It had only just stopped raining, so the air was moist and thick, making her drags of breath longer and more strained. She took a quick look behind her to be sure Tebias wasn’t after her before she ran out into the driveway, and then down the hill to where ever the winding road would take her.



Present Day.

	With a startling jump, she awoke from a dream all too familiar. A memory of her first experience on Earth. The only experience she could recall before the beginning of her new life. Gripping the sheets that were now somewhat damp, she sprang up into a sitting position and gasped for breath that she felt she had lost. Looking around the room, she groaned, throwing her fists up and back down on the mattress. She was tired of this - of these dreams that she could never grasp. They always ended the same way, leaving her in fear and anxiety. She wanted to get more out of it. But that was proving to be more difficult than she had hoped. So difficult in fact that she was seeking therapy for the dreams. The memories. She, and everyone else were convinced that the dreams were causing her headaches. So she attended therapy twice a week to try and cure what had been determined to be amnesia. Monday and Friday. Today was Monday. And her appointment was in two hours, at one o’clock pm. 
Saphora sighed, shaking her head and looking at the clock on her bedside dresser that read 11:04am. Great, she thought. I over slept. Now I’ll have to fly there. Contrary to what most people believed to be fun, flying took a lot out of her. Sure, it was fun for a while. But Dr. Lupin’s office was almost thirty minutes away by flying – longer by car. Keeping her concentration for that long put a strain on her, and added to her constant headaches. It was funny, she thought. That sometimes having to go see her therapist, the one who was supposed to be treating her headaches, would be the cause of them. And some of the worst. Exhaustion was one of the worst types of headaches. Because not only was there pain, but there was also fatigue. She didn’t take it for granted, the fact that she could fly. But if she could go about her day without it, she did. She usually only flew when she was stressed. Being above the clouds always calmed her nerves. And almost always helped put her to sleep. Because it wore her down, it usually did the trick. Saphora hardly ever used the gift for joy rides around the city. It just wasn’t in her. She didn’t know how or when she had come up with the ability, so in the back of her mind, she was always wondering when it would be briskly taken away from her. She had always thought that it would be, so she never wanted to press her luck. She never flew too high. Just high enough to stay above the clouds. She never went too fast, and she never did any tricks. She was a very careful girl. Just because she could fly, didn’t mean that it would be the death of her. 
She was ready in less than twenty minutes, and was out the door in the next five. Fran had left a note on her dresser, reminding her that she had an appointment today, and not to do anything “rash”. Which to her, meant not doing what she was about to do – fly. Fran was the woman that found her on that fateful night. She was one of the only things, if not the only thing, that made it certain that her dream was in fact a memory. Saphora had gone running down several streets, crying and screaming for help, until finally a light in a nearby house turned on, drawing her attention to it. Fran came out shortly after and went running to her, fearful of what had happened that had caused such a reaction in her. Fran eventually ended up taking her in, after failing to find out where Saphora had come from or what had happened to her parents, and ended up raising her as her own child. 
She was very accepting of Saphora’s abilities, Fran. But she was also a very cautious woman. She was worried that if the wrong people saw what she could do, that they would question, bully, or even harm her. She believed that her little girl was very special – and for good reason. And she didn’t want anyone taking her away, to do God knows what to her. So she was constantly warning Saphora, although she didn’t need to. Saphora knew all too well the dangers of what could happen if she were to be found out. It was unexplainable, which to the public, meant highly dangerous. It wouldn’t matter what Saphora said. She would be branded as a threat to the United States, and therefore the world. Unless she had done something to help everyone, like Superman, or Dr. Manhattan. She would have to become a hero in order for the label of threat to be removed. And that just wasn’t in her. She wasn’t the hero type. So she always took Fran’s words to heart. After all, in every movie, if the target resisted if they were found out, it was always their families that suffered in order to get what they wanted. 
But we’re getting off the subject. 

“Hello, Saphora. You can go right in,” the secretary at the front desk said to her.
 She didn’t even look up. She never had to. She always knew who was coming in, and who was coming out. Saphora couldn’t help but wonder if there were cameras around the office. Some of which would be facing towards the door. The screens of the cameras could be on the computer that was in front of her, granting her access to where everyone was. 
Saphora nodded, walking past the desk and making an immediate right down the hall to the elevator that would lead her to Dr. Lupin’s office. The walls in the hall, as well as a majority of the office, were bland. They were a beige colour. Very dull. Here and there, there were paintings, or what looked like paintings, hanging up on the walls. Tulips, lilies, roses. The only source of colour in the office. But they weren’t actual paintings. They were pictures of paintings. They had all the detail of the brush strokes, with no texture. She knew because she had touched them before, having once admired the paintings. They were, at one point, the only thing she admired about the place. Now, there was nothing. She only came to please Fran. Because frankly, there had been no progress in her case since she had started coming nearly three years ago. She understood that progress didn’t happen overnight. But to have never missed a session in three years, and still have nothing to call an accomplishment? Of course, there may have been the fact that she wouldn’t take the medication prescribed to her for her headaches. But she highly doubted that that was the reason. After all. There was no medication for amnesia. 
It had gotten to a point where she had wondered if she minded never remembering. Except for the nights that the dreams haunted her. It had been almost sixteen years since that night, bringing her to about the age of 22. They couldn’t be sure, because she didn’t know how old she was when she was found. But those years were more than enough time to create a new, comfortable life without her past. Aside from the nights with dreams, she was beginning to care less and less about whatever she was missing. She would, however, like to know how she gained the ability to fly. She remembered perfecting it, but not obtaining it.
“Ah, Saphora! Come in, come in,” Dr. Lupin greeted, putting down his cup of coffee. The scent filled the room, and Saphora’s nostrils as she entered the room. The bridge of her nose scrunched up at the smell of it. But she knew that her nose would eventually become immune to it, once a few minutes had passed. She closed the door behind her softly, keeping the handle turned until the door was shut before letting it quietly click back into place. 
She sat down in the chair in front of his mahogany desk, and gave a faint smile. He returned it tenfold, making his glasses bounce up as they were lifted by the roundness of his cheeks. As she situated herself in the chair, she watched as the doctor took out one of the many files about herself. She found it strange. She and the doctor had only ever talked about so much and yet there were as many as four binders filled with information. And unless he was rewriting everything they had been talking about, she doubted that there could be so much from just the small conversations that took place. She had never seen what was in the files, and had never asked. But each time she met with Lupin, her curiosity of what could be inside grew. 
He placed the fat binder on the surface of his desk with a somewhat loud plop, before smiling up at her. She couldn’t help but narrow her eyes. It was things like that. The subtle references of mocking that made her hatred for him fester. It was like he was saying, “I have all this information – on you. And you’ll never get to see it.” But again, she set aside her feelings of distaste, and powered through for Fran.
“How’re you doing?” he asked, looking up at her. She cleared her throat.
“I’m alright, thank you. Yourself, doctor?”
He laughed and proceeded to open the binder, flipping through the many sheets of paper, trying to find a specific area to stop at. She didn’t know what or where that was, but considering that they always started with the repeating of her dream and/or memory, she could only assume that it had something to do with that. He grumbled softly as he flipped through, before chuckling again. 
“You’ve been coming here for nearly three years, and you’re still so formal with me. Why’s that?” he asked, taking a sip of his coffee and pushing his glasses back up onto his nose. She shrugged and answered simply.
“Because you’re still in a formal position,” he glanced up at her, setting his mug back down with raised eyebrows. 
“True … Why don’t we get started?” he said, having found the page he was looking for. She nodded, somewhat indifferently.
“Have you been waking up out of breath still?” he asked. She nodded.
“Yes. I woke up like that today.”
“I see. And yesterday?”
“No.”
“The day before?”
“No.”
“The day before that?”
“Yes.”
“And before that?”
“No.”
“I see,” he said, scribbling away onto the page. Perhaps it was some sort of chart, taking note of her sleeping patterns. That was in fact what it was. But she couldn’t be certain. The binder was at an angle that prevented her from seeing it properly. She watched as he wrote, before he started talking again. “And have you been having any headaches when you wake up like that?”
“No. Not usually.”
“Mhm,” he hummed, writing again. “Well, they don’t seem to be worsening, just happening more often. You might start experiencing headaches with them if they keep happening so often,” he noted.  She didn’t think that was the case, but she nodded anyway.
“Have you been taking your medication?”
“Yes.” Lie. She’d yet to take one pill in the three years.
“Do you need a refill?”
“No.”
“Alright. Be sure to let me know when you do,” she nodded. “Now then … Have you remembered anything, since the last time we’ve spoken?” he asked. She frowned, and shook her head. If she had, she would have been anxious to let him know, and hear his response, despite her opinion of him. 
“I see. Can you tell me the night you do remember? About the night you met Miss Mousescawits?” he asked, leaning back in his chair. She sighed. She had been asked to repeat what she remembered in every visit, regardless of the doctor. She figured it was to see if the story would change at all. To see if she was lying. Or maybe to see if anything had been added, that she didn’t realize she remembered. Either way, it was a process that drained her. Because it didn’t matter what else she could remember about the night. It was before that night that she wanted to remember, if she was to remember anything. That night was unpleasant, aside from meeting Fran. And being made to constantly repeat it only worked on her nerves. If anything, she wanted desperately to forget that night.
“I woke up in a kitchen … Everything had been destroyed, but a counter top. A marble counter top. This man walked in when I woke up.”
“Do you know what he looked like?”
“No, but he had red hair.”
“Okay, continue.”
“He asked me if I knew who he was. I didn’t. And then he asked me if I knew who I was. And I said Saphora.”
“Why did you say that?”
“Because he said it.”
“Did it feel right to assume your name was Saphora?” She nodded.
“Yes. I knew it was Saphora when he said it. Then he asked me, if I knew what I was.”
“What you were? What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. That’s what he said. I told him I didn’t know, and he told me to go with him. But a woman told me not to.”
“A woman?” he repeated, leaning forward. She’d never mentioned the woman before. A voice, yes, but it being a woman, no. Dr. Lupin was intrigued. She slowly nodded. “You believe the voice that spoke to you was a woman?” 
She nodded again, and he began writing in the binder again. “I see, I see. Go on. Did the woman sound young? Old?”
“She sounded like a woman.” He nodded, and continued to write, signaling her to go on.
“She told me to say what she said.”
“What did she say?”
“I don’t remember. But when I said it, the man fell back into a wall. Then she told me to run. And I left the house, and ran down the hill to hide from him.”
He had stopped writing, and was now leaning on his desk, listening intently. She stared at him, having finished her story, and waited for a response. He looked on for a few more moments before pushing his glasses back up.
“You… You said when you said what the woman said, the man fell back?”
“Yes.”
“Into a wall.”
“Through three walls, and into the fourth.” His eyes widened a bit and his head slipped from his hand.
“Through three walls?” She nodded. “How?”
“I don’t know.”
“Were you hurt as well?” She shook her head.
“I fell back on the floor, but I wasn’t hurt.”
“How is that possible? Did you push him?”
She shook her head, but then hesitated. She didn’t know. She couldn’t remember.
“I … don’t know.  I don’t remember how it happened. Only that he flew back.”
“I see… Why don’t we take a look at your back now?” he said as he wrote a bit more. She nodded and stood, making her way over to the bench in another part of the room. Once he was done writing, he closed the binder, put it back in the drawer, and took out another one not as thick, before locking the drawer. He made his way over to his leather chair, carrying the binder and his mug. Both of which he placed on an end table beside the chair, before rolling up the sleeves of his button up collar shirt to his elbows.
“Alright, let’s see that back,” he huffed, walking over behind her. He was always doing that. Trying to fill in the looming silence with something. He often repeated himself in order to do so. Remembering that her hair was down, she quickly twisted it around and pulled it over one of her shoulders, holding it in place with one hand. She took in a deep breath as he pulled her shirt back so that he could see beneath it. He studied the intricate, oddly designed interlocking patterns that almost read as hieroglyphics – because they were. When she had first started coming to this man, the birthmark, as they called it, was only located on the back of her neck. Since then, it has spread to her right shoulder, and slightly down that side of her back. It was off white in colour, a few shades lighter than her skin tone, making it noticeable if it was being looked for, or at. It almost looked like a white-ink tattoo, which it was often mistaken as. They were on the verge of giving it another title. He stayed quiet as he studied the area, his bare hands gently grazing over certain areas that interested him. 
She looked around the room as he took his mental notes. She looked at his desk, the photos, the plants, the chairs, the carpeting. Anything and everything that would keep her from feeling like a case study. It was the part of the session that she hated the most. Being made to feel like an object of observation was one of the few things that could anger her. Perhaps it was because that she secretly feared it. That by some chance, the constant observation would give way to discovering her ability to fly. And then just like that, she’d be hidden from the world. The rumored infamous Area 51 would burst into the room and take her to some quarantine to be analyzed and poked at. She feared that at any moment the doctor would find something alarming. Something odd that would draw attention to her. But as always, after a few more moments of minimal observation, Dr. Lupin released her shirt, allowing it to flatten against her back, and moved to sit on the chair in front of the sofa. 
“Well, it doesn’t look like it has spread anymore since last month,” he concluded. She nodded, letting go of her hair, letting it stay on her shoulder until her movements caused it to fall back.
“Does it hurt at all?” he asked, making his way to his seat and sitting down, crossing one ankle over the other, his hands folding over his stomach. She shook her head no.
“Good,” he mumbled, taking the binder into his lap and opening it up to take notes. 
“Alright. Let’s talk about your dreams now. Have you had any other ones? Anything strange?” he asked. She gave him a look. As if her only memory of her existence wasn’t strange. He cleared his throat, nodding as he caught his mistake. “Right, I mean. Well, any other ones that you haven’t mentioned?” She hesitated before answering, which made him curious and eager to press her on.
“Well?” 
She shook her head no.
“Are you sure?” She nodded.
“They just haven’t been happening as often I guess.”
“Oh. Well is that a bad thing?” he asked, jotting the note down. She shrugged.
“I guess not?”
“Well I should hope not. Less nightmares are always a good thing, right?” he asked with a smile, his glasses inching up over his eyes. She stared at him - at the faux compassion, and nodded, generating a smile of her own.
“Yeah, I guess so.”


	Walking out of the building, Saphora reached into her back pocket for her phone, wanting to call Fran and tell her about the session. She always called after each session. Not only because it was Fran’s request, but because she wanted someone other than herself to keep track of what happened in the sessions, in case she forgot. She did a lot of things like that – to keep track of memory. She was somewhat paranoid of losing it, knowing that she had before. She was conscious of the fact that it could be taken from her again at any moment. 
“Hi, honey.” Fran greeted, picking up on the second ring.
“Hey, Fran.”
She didn’t call her mom. She never had, and she doubt she ever would. It wasn’t that she was trying to disrespect Fran, or anything. But she knew that she was not her mother. And therefore just didn’t feel that she should be called that. She was grateful for everything that she had done for her. But calling her mom just seemed foolish. And Fran didn’t seem to mind it. The relationship did just fine without the title.
“How was the session today?” she asked, as she always did. Saphora shrugged, turning right and heading down the street towards home.
“Same as always. But I think I remembered something else, though it doesn’t seem-“
“Something else? What, what?! Tell me!” she urged excitedly. Saphora had to move the phone away from her ear, the volume her voice had reached was so high.
“It’s nothing, really. Just this woman’s voice.”
“A woman? A woman was there with you that night? And she let you face that monster all by your-“
“Fran! She wasn’t there.” Saphora groaned, rolling her eyes as she walked down the semi-busy street of the small town outside of her own. 
There were flower shops, bakeries, antique shops, pawn shops, a small record store, an even smaller library, and a café shop. But that was just on this strip. There were some more shops along with some more places to eat down the road and on various other streets. Fran was silent for a moment on the phone and was drowned out by the talking of the people that Saphora passed. Talking about the weather, their sons’ baseball games, their friends who were being scandalous, and everything else that Saphora could never seem to take interest in. But then Fran finally spoke up.
“What do you mean she wasn’t there, honey? You said you heard her.”
“I did. I heard a woman speak to me. But she wasn’t there. At least … I don’t remember her being there,” she explained, her walking slowing as she entered her subconscious. 
Was there a woman there? Saphora wasn’t sure. She didn’t remember a woman being there. She just recalled being instructed to say words, and that’s what she did. But maybe she was there. After all, how could she hear something that wasn’t there? She wasn’t crazy, was she?
“Of course she must have been there, Saphora. Don’t be ridiculous. The nerve of that woman. Leaving you with that horrid man,” Fran huffed. Saphora knew she had her fist on her hip in frustration, and she laughed.
“Well I’m alright now, aren’t I? But yeah, I guess she was there. She helped me, you know. You shouldn’t be so harsh on her.”
“Helped you? Helped you by doing what?”
“She … I don’t know, she told me how to get away.”
“Hmph. Well … I guess so. At any rate, I’m glad you remembered something, honey.”
Saphora scoffed. “Yeah, it’s only been three years.”
“That man has done nothing but help you, Saphora. You mind your manners.”
“Yeah, yeah,” she grumbled. That man has nothing but clean out your wallet, she thought. “So what’s new at the zoo? Find any lost species of sea horses?” Saphora joked, walking past the corner record store and making a right. 
“Very funny. No, we haven’t. But there is something new, apparently. They won’t tell us what it is, though.”
“A surprise at a zoo? That’s never good.”
“That’s what I said. But they’re promising it’s going to be the biggest attraction since the lions.”
“The lions. That’s promising a lot.”
“I know. I can’t wait to find out what it is! What are you up to? Are you heading home?” Fran asked. Saphora could hear the rustling of papers mixed with the sound of a fax machine in the background. She knew she was busy at work. She always felt bad, calling Fran when she had work to do. But Fran always insisted, so what could she do but comply? It always seemed to brighten her day, even if she was swamped with work.
“Not yet. I’m going to head to the woods to blow off some steam,” Saphora admitted, even though she knew that Fran wouldn’t approve. 
“To do you know what?”
“Yeah. Just a little bit. And then home. I promise.” 
“Well … Alright. Celebrate remembering. But then it’s straight home, okay?”
Saphora laughed.
“I should remember things more often.”
“Very funny. Home after, okay?”
“Yes, yes. Home after.”


Chapter 2

She ran to a nearby tree, climbing it. She pulled herself as high as she could to get to the branch that was furthest up, so that she could make a clean jump without being spotted. Seemingly jumping into the air, she rose herself up above what clouds there were. She made sure she was high enough to pass as a bird or an airplane from a glance. With a sigh of relief, she stretched, before taking off to head deeper into the woods. She wanted to think about this voice that she had remembered during the session. It seemed to her that she had always remembered, but had just forgotten to bring it up during the sessions. But hearing herself bring it up today made her think about it. What was that voice? And from whom did it come from? She wanted to remember if there had actually been a person there, or if she had in fact been hearing voices at the time. Because if she was, then that was an entirely new thing she had to take into consideration. That could put her whole opinion of the truth in jeopardy. After all, hearing voices was not a natural occurrence, right? 
Right? 

It was quite soothing, watching all the clouds pass her by. It was like running your hand through a dream, as she reached her hand out to touch them. They were a magnificent colour, with the help of the setting sun. She smiled, stretching her arms out and closing her eyes, letting her hair whip behind her and about her face. Although she very much feared falling, she had a mixed emotion about flying. On one hand there was the ‘what if’. But on the other hand, who wouldn’t love being able to run their fingers through a cloud and race with the birds? She took in a deep breath and counted her blessings for being able to experience such a feeling. 

But that feeling was soon cut short. 

She flinched upon hearing what sounded like a pain-riddled roar erupt in the skies. She wobbled in the air, her limbs flailing and struggling to keep her balance. Her heart skipped a few beats when the realization that she could fall from such a height quickly kicked in. Her eyes grew wide as her limbs continued to flail before she fully regained her stability. She quickly started to lower herself back to the ground when she realized that there was a chance of falling. And then again, the roar struck the sky, making her heart drop, and her balance waver again. And then, almost immediately after the roar, a bolt of pain struck the sides of her temples. A skull-splitting headache. With a clenching scream, she gripped the sides of her head and she fell the rest of the way, hitting three branches and then finally a tree. She hit the tree with a loud thud, her body curling around one of its thick branches. She coughed up some saliva and mumbled in pain, as she gripped the branch for dear life. Her shaking frame held onto the branch as she looked around with her now blurred vision. She could hear her own breathing blaring in her ears, as her heart pumped at about a mile a minute. It happened. It had actually happened. She had fallen. Because of a headache? No, that scream. What on earth was that scream?
The tree was pretty high up, and what she heard next made her heart stop for the third time in that minute. The trunk of the tree began to crack. It was going to snap – fall. She had hit the tree so hard, that it was going to fall. She moved herself into a squatting position on the branch as quickly as she could in her current amount of pain, and grumbled when gravity began to take over, causing the tree to tilt forward. She swore under her breath as the tree slowly began falling and jumped from it, landing in front of its path. She landed with a sliding thud on her feet and turned back to look at the falling tree, gaining in speed. She cringed as another bolt of pain struck and crippled her to the ground. The ear-shattering sound flooded her ears once again and she felt herself tearing up. She didn’t know at this point if it was from the pain of her worsening situation or not. She whimpered and held her hands to her temple, waiting for the pain to stop. When it did she sighed in relief, but immediately remembered her situation and looked up. Her mind raced as she thought of what to do, but coming up blank. She could have moved to the side and out of the way of the trunk, at least sparing herself that. But her mind was far too tattered to concentrate on such a simple action. 
Not seeing any options, or enough time to move out of the way, she covered her head and ducked, waiting for the tree to fall, and prayed that it would somehow miss her by some miracle of millimeters. She cried, her chest heaving as she thought of Fran in what she thought to be her final moments. How she had always told her to be careful, not to go too high. She should have listened. Why didn’t I listen? she thought. But what happened only added to her astonishment. She heard the tree fall with a loud crack, and felt the ground shake beneath her as it did. Her eyes were closed tight as she waited for the onslaught of pain. But none came. There wasn’t even a hint of it. After a few moments went by, she dubbed it safe to open her eyes, and take a look at the damage that had been done. The tree had indeed fallen, corrupting the natural layout of the ground around it into a dent. But where she had been standing, the ground was at peace. In fact, a significant area around her was at peace, as if it had never been touched by the tree. Slowly, her hands returned to her sides as she looked up in curiosity. The tree had been bent upwards above her, almost like it had been snapped in half to protect her. She stared at it in shock as she took a few steps back from the destruction, trying to piece it all together in her mind. What had just happened? Had the tree split on its own? Had she done that? And if she had, how in the world… She kept looking, along the entire tree, looking for answers but finding none. She looked down at her hand, eyeing its shaking frame, now with slight horror. She shook her head and looked around to see if anyone had in fact seen what had happened. And indeed, there was one. 
A man. With … red hair.
Her body seemed to freeze, when her eyes came into contact with his. His black eyes. Bottomless pits …
“Making a mess again, I see,” the man laughed, shaking his head. 
His arms were crossed as he stepped towards her. Menacingly. She took a step back towards the tree, whose life had suddenly been ended. Something inside her wanted to run. Her body was on edge, her mind was drawing blanks, and she hadn’t the slightest idea why she wanted to cry. The man smiled as he continued to walk forward and she continued to retreat. His head tilted and his eyebrows raised as his arms lowered to his sides.
“I’m starting to think you remember me, Saphora,” he said in amusement.
 And with the saying of her name, her fists clenched, and she knew why she wanted to run. But it couldn’t be. It wasn’t real. The night wasn’t real. It was a bad dream. The dismay! To see her nightmare before her. She had gone for so long wanting to prove that her memory had in fact happened. That it could be validated. And now that she was standing face to face with the man she had feared the most in her entire life, she wanted it to be everything but real. The man from that night is who he was. And she was in no position to escape him. She took several more steps back until he stopped walking and she nearly tumbled over. This can’t be happening, she thought. I’m seeing things.
“And it seems like this time you feel like running! Could it be that you remember it all now?” he asked, continuing to walk once again. She took in a sharp breath, trying to remind her lungs how to breathe. She took a quick glance around, wondering if it would be best to scream for help. But given their location, she doubted anyone would be able to hear her. But a part of her also wanted to talk to the man, and find out who he was, and how he knew her. But for now she stayed quiet, her mind having forgotten how to speak.
“What’s wrong? Why don’t you speak? You remember me don’t you? Surely you must have many things to tell me,” he said curiously. And without thinking, she shook her head, which sent him into a fit of laughter.
“You mean to tell me you still do not remember? You’re making this too easy now. It’s been years, you know,” he laughed, coming closer. Her fists clenched again as he burst into laughter. She wanted to get in on what was so funny.
“So tell me who you are. And why you’re showing up again years later, knowing who I am,” she demanded, actually taking a step forward. This made him stop, and tilt his head back up.
“My name is Tebias,” he said bluntly. “I am hunting you.” 
Her head tilted back slightly at the harshness of the words. Hunting? She didn’t know what those words meant in that context. Only she did, but didn’t want to make the connection with what he just said and herself. Not only did she have the urge to run, but charge at him with everything she had in the same instance. She didn’t know which one she should have done first.
“Don’t understand?” he asked, reaching for his hip, and unhooking a weapon that resembled a gun of some kind. 
Her eyes immediately darted to the previously concealed weapon, wide and cautious. Her arm flinched, as if to protect herself, and then her entire body flinched when hearing and seeing the second half of the tree trunk to her left side slide forward along with the movement of her arm. Both of their heads jerked in its direction, and stared at it in bewilderment. It stopped when she did, its branches still giving off slight movements as a few dozen leaves fell from them. She turned back to look at the man by the name of Tebias, and he turned to look back at her, now in a crouching position. He honestly looked quite scared. Which meant … He didn’t do it. Slowly, he stood straight, and cracked his neck, looking back at the now still tree trunk. He fixed his attire and repositioned the weapon in his hand, clearing his throat.
“Well that was odd,” he said with a slight grin. 
She shook her head a bit. He wasn’t going to fool her. This tree… What was she doing to this tree? She turned back to look at it again in wonder, and he cleared his throat again, trying to get her attention.
“As I was saying. I’m your hunter. I need you to come back with me, or I might have to use this. I spared you this weapon before because you were a child. But it seems I underestimated you,” he said with a grimace, walking towards her again. She swung her arm out again, staring at the tree. But it did not move. She raised her arm above her head, and still nothing. This made him laugh.
“What are you doing? Do you think you did that? Obviously the tree just fell a little more,” he said, rolling his eyes. 
She stopped her moving and thought about that. It had been in a position where it was susceptible to falling further. Her suspicions died a bit as she thought about the logic behind that. She turned back to look at Tebias, who was beginning to really close the gap between them, making her retreat again.
“Who are you?” she asked again, having been lost in her thoughts.
“Why, I just told you. Is your memory really that bad?” he asked in a soft voice.
“What do you mean, you’re hunting me?” she asked, beginning to feel like she was in a dream. Maybe she had actually fallen unconscious in the tree, and she was now dreaming. It would make sense that she would dream of him, after just talking about him in her session with Dr. Lupin. 
“Just as it sounds. You’re hearing it right,” he said with a grin, spinning the weapon on his index finger, causing her attention to be drawn to it. And then it was suddenly aimed between her eyes, making them go wide as her body tensed. She was in no dream. Her body would have startled her awake ages ago. No. This was a living nightmare.
“So are you going to come with me, or am I going to have to use this?”
“Go where?”
“That’s none of your concern. It’s a yes or no question.”
“I think it is my concern.”
His grip on the weapon tightened in frustration and she took an uneasy step back, which he followed and then some.
“Yes or no,” he repeated, his eyes narrowing while hers darted about. Her heart rate quickened and her frame began to shake again as he waited for her answer, which she knew to be no. Sensing her answer, he shrugged and gave off a look of indifference before speaking.
“Suit yourself. Such a waste,” he said before going to pull the trigger. She felt her body pulse with adrenalin as her arms moved to guard her body, and her face buried itself into them. The time seemed to expand and move so much slower, because she saw it all. From under her arms, she watched the ground beneath her pulsate and indent into the ground, almost like a ripple. And as she panicked, her breathing quick even in this slow-motion vision, she watched as the tree trunk as it was slung forward over her and into Tebias. The bullet Tebias had fired had gone into the trunk of the tree as it hit him, and sent him hurling into the ground under it. She lifted her head with wide eyes and watched him fly alongside the tree while his weapon was knocked into the air and out of sight. 
And then time picked up, and everything landed with a ground-shaking thud. She seemed to be gasping for air when it was all over. She watched as the tree rolled to a stop, the leaves shaking subtly. She looked around at the other half of the tree, which was now beginning to fall down on her at a rather quick pace. She lifted her hands above her head, looking up at it in horror, and then in disbelief when it stopped in midair, almost like it was floating. She blinked, and stared, before even considering moving her hands, in fear that if she did, the seemingly magical tree would then continue to fall. But with a sudden knowledge of what she was doing, or an involuntarily jerk of her shaking body, she did just that. She shifted her hands to the left, and the tree followed, falling onto the ground. She huffed out a nervous laugh and looked down at her trembling hands in awe. I did that? she thought. The tree … Did I just move a tree?! And then another realization hit her, once again. She had just seen Tebias. Tebias. His name was Tebias, and he was real. But with what had just happened … She looked over at the rummage of the one half of the tree trunk that had fallen, slammed up against another tree with what she knew to be Tebias under it. Had she just killed someone? Her chest heaved at the thought, and she felt her knees go weak for a moment. Even though the man had just tried to kill her, she may have just killed someone. Her body shook as her mind started to pick up in speed during her thought process. She started to panic. What would she do?
“Oh my god … He’s real. He’s real, and he’s dead,” she said to herself in a shaky voice, as she began to move her feet. In fear that if she didn’t, they would give in on her. Suddenly her world was thrust into action. She’d waited all this time for some kind of contact with her past, and now she was getting it – physically. He was just in front of her. Talking to her. Threatening her. Her head spun as she tried to recover from the impact with the brick wall of reality. For the first time, without paranoia behind it, she felt fear. Actual, logical fear. Her hands fumbled for her back pocket, aiming to take out her phone so that she could call Fran. But she stopped herself when she heard movement from the branch that had been tossed. Her body froze as her head slowly turned in its direction. It rocked, ever so slightly, stabbing Saphora’s heart with a surge of fear, before slipping from the angle it was leaning at on another tree, and falling to the ground with a loud, earth-shaking thud. With eyes that seemed to be caught in headlights, she stared at the tree, watching, and anticipating any sudden movements from it. There were none in the next immediate moments. But she didn’t want to stick around to see if there would be any in the near future. If Tebias was alive, she wanted to be as far away as she could before he came to. 
Making the wise decision to leave, Saphora took off in the direction that would take her towards the zoo, where Fran worked – or so she thought. She didn’t want to go home – not where she would be alone for the next several hours. She wanted to be in a crowd. She wanted to be somewhere she could hide, where if she was found again, it would be harder to get a hold of her. But more than anything, she wanted to feel the safety of being in Fran’s arms, under her watch. Of course, that wasn’t real safety.  Not from a man with a gun. But Saphora was frantic. She didn’t know where else to turn, or where else to go, except to the only person she trusted would do her no harm after listening to what happened. 
After running for about a minute, and getting deeper into the woods, Saphora began to lift herself into the air. She was doing so hurriedly, causing her limbs to flail with the fluctuation of her distraught concentration. She ended up running into a tree, so to speak, and wrapping her body around the branch she hit. She coughed from the impact to her diaphragm and gagged for air as she tried to keep her grip on the branch. In the mists of the chaos of her cracking psyche, Saphora felt her eyes begin to well with tears at the stress of the trauma. Her chest heaved in a sudden sob. Why didn’t I listen to Fran? she thought hysterically, blinking away the forming tears. This was too much. What was happening to her? Why? 
She lifted herself up on the branch with uneasy limbs, and steadied herself to leap into the air. But during the moment of takeoff, that same bone cringing cry struck her ears, and her hands immediately went to cover them. Her concentration was nearly shattered as she screamed and fell to the ground with a crackle and a thud. The air left her lungs once again, and she curled into a fetal position. Her hands gripped the thick grass of the ground as her lips parted to wheeze and force air into her crumbling lungs. Again she coughed, desperate to inflate them as she lifted herself back onto her knees. 
She couldn’t fly. And the zoo was over an hour away on foot. The tears began to well again. What if she couldn’t make it to the zoo before he woke up and came searching for her? She turned her body to look behind her. Thankfully, there was no sign of Tebias’ recovery, if there was one to be made. Her head jerked back in its previous direction with a sudden sense of ambition, filled with the desperate hope that she had the time to get away. But now that she feared flying, she would have to rely on other methods of getting to the zoo in a timely fashion. Feeling her lungs recover, she stood once again, and started running in the direction that she needed to go. And while doing so, she dug into her back pocket to reach for her phone once again. She speed dialed Fran, and waited for her to pick up as she rushed through the scattered trees, trying to get to the open road on the other side. Fran picked up on the third ring.
“Hi, honey. You finished doing you-“
“Fran, he’s real. I saw him! He’s … He’s …” she breathed as she ran, being careful not to let the phone slip from her grip. “He said he was hunting me, Fran. A tree fell! I fell when I was flying, Fran, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” she said in a slurring cry into the phone, nearly tripping over herself. Fran shook her head, stopping in the mists of her walking and pressing her index finger into her other ear so she could hear her better. The man who was walking with Fran slowed to a stop as well, turning back and seeing the look of distress on her face. They were on their way to the iguana exhibit. Fran pressed the phone against her ear; there seemed to be static interference. 
“Wait – What? Saphora, honey, slow down. I can barely hear you. What are you saying?”
Saphora groaned, pushing her free hand against a passing tree to give her a bit more speed. She gave a quick glance behind her as she ran, to see if Tebias had begun to follow. He hadn’t, but the combination of her turning and hurried movements caused her to trip over an uplifted root and tumble onto the ground. She grunted uncomfortably, dropping the phone and tumbling a few feet forward. 
Fran’s eyes narrowed and then widened when she recognized the sounds of movement of pain. She bent over herself, pressing the phone to her ear in worry.
“Saphora? Saphora!” Fran shouted, alarming some of the people that were around her, including, Brad, her coworker. He came closer, worried but not quite sure what to do.
Meanwhile, Saphora was slowly getting back onto her knees for the third time, while looking around for her cell phone. She could hear Fran yelling on the other end, and it helped guide her hand-ear coordination. She succeeded in finding the phone, and stood up, placing it back against her ear and immediately starting to run again.
“Fran, he’s real!”
“Who’s real? What just happened? What was that?”
“I fell, Fran. I heard this noise and it was awful and I fell into a tree and the tree fell only it didn’t fall and-“
“Saphora! Slow. Down. I can’t understand you. You fell?”
“Flying! I fell out of the sky.”
“You what?!”
“I-“
“What did I tell you?! Are you okay? Are you hurt? Where are you?”
“I’m in the woods,” Saphora sobbed. “He’s trying to kill me. I can’t fly! Please, come get-“
“Kill – what? Hello?”
“Fran!”
“Saphora? Hello? Honey?” 
The phone’s connection was beginning to worsen, no doubt due to the dense area of forest she was currently in. It wasn’t long before the phone beeped and cut out completely, losing the signal. Saphora whined, listening to the line go dead, and looked at her phone in utter disbelief and propelling sorrow. In a hurried trial, she tried dialing her number again. But with each attempt, all she got was the distant beeping on the line, telling her that there was no service. With a huff of frustration she stuffed her phone in her pocket and picked up her speed. She thought that maybe if she could get to the road, she could have a good enough service to reach Fran. She could tell her where she was, and get her to come pick her up. She had to tell her what happened. That the story she had been telling for all these years, and blindly defending, was actually fact. Facts that left her with so many more questions. But none that currently had any time to be answered.

Meanwhile, Fran was at the zoo, still standing in the middle of the pathway, yelling into her phone.
“Saphora? Saphora! Hello? Saphora?” she repeated again, and again. Brad, who was beginning to get more concerned, stepped closer to Fran, wanting to know what was wrong. Fran’s eyes were beginning to tear up, and Brad, like any other sensible man, did not want to have a woman crying – especially not beside him on a crowded path.
“Fran, what’s wrong? What happened to Saphora?” he asked, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. She immediately sprang up and grabbed onto his other arm with her free hand, somewhat startling him.
“She’s in trouble. She’s never in trouble, Brad. She said she fell out of … in the woods. I lost her signal. She sounded like she was hurt,” Fran said, trying to level the wobbling in her voice. Brad gripped her shoulder a bit tighter, trying to steady her.
“I’m sure she’s alright, Fran. Saphora seems like she can handle herself.”
“But then why would she have called? She’s always fine, Brad. Why would she have called if she was fine?” she asked frantically. Brad struggled for words as Fran let his arm go and put her phone back into her pocket, turning on her heel and heading in the direction from where they had come. “I’ve got to go find her.”
Brad’s eyebrows shot up in surprise as he jolted after her, carefully taking her by the elbow to turn her back around.
“Whoa, whoa. At least tell the manager first, Fran.”
“You tell him for me. I’ve got to go now. She could be hurt out there. She sounds like she was crying. Tell Wayne I’ll make up for it in tomorrow’s shift. It’s an emergency.”

Small sounds from the forest floor behind her made Saphora’s back arch as she ran. Normal noises, which were probably caused by her own fast movements through the leaf and twig covered ground. Even so, they tormented her, convincing her that Tebias was only a few short steps away, mere moments away from cornering her again. And without any answers to help her defend herself. 
Finally, after a few more yards, she saw the opening of the forest, which let out into the road. She smiled, curling her hands into fists as she once again added a little more oomph to her speed, hope powering her on. She looked to her side as she ran, fumbling to take out her cell phone again and try dialing Fran. With her jerky movements, it proved to be somewhat difficult as she approached the side of the road. 
She finally was able to pull it out as she ran onto the dark pavement of the road. She gripped it tight in victory. But that feeling was short lived. It was almost immediately replaced by shock. Two bright headlights and an ear-ringing horn were the last things she saw and heard before everything went black. 

********
	
In the throne room of the castle of Kiran, Vida paced back and forth in the corner of the room which served as her personal library. The room was dimly lit, due to the time of day. Their sun had begun to set some hours ago, and the lighting was turning into a warm auburn. The white pillar walls of the throne room were painted with the deep auburn, and the warmth of the sage curtains seemed to be enhanced with the warm colour. She was in deep thought, Vida. She was thinking about the past, once again, and what she could have changed. She regretted so much, and she was still wondering how to right her wrongs. Had she made the right decision? What decision did she have to make to justify it?
“M’lady! M’lady! Tebias has made contact! He’s made contact!” a little thing by the name of Artemis shouted, running into the throne room. Her large round glasses bouncing up and down on her full cheeks. Her bedroom maroon eyes, enhanced by her glasses, were wide and fearful. The queen, who was standing in front of her personal bookshelf, turned almost immediately at hearing that name. Her expression followed Artemis’. 
“What?” she asked in disbelief.
“I’ve seen it. She was in a forest. She fell, and when she rose, he was waiting for her.”
“Fell? Fell from what? Where is she now? Where is Tebias?” the queen asked, walking to meet Artemis half way into the room. The height difference between the two was amazing. Vida, who stood at five feet and eleven inches, towered over Artemis and her mere four feet and ten inches. The bottom of Vida’s white gown trailed behind her as she hurried to Artemis, the silky fabric flowing around her feet as she slowed to a stop. Artemis panted as she tried to force words from her straining lungs.
“She’s … She’s been hit by one of Earth’s land vehicles. Tebias is unconscious. She was able to defend herself, but just barely, M’lady,” she explained through panting.
Vida’s hand rose to her chest in what looked like relief. She looked from side to side, giving herself a moment to think. To think about Tebias, and the danger he proposed to her daughter. 
“I thought he died with that spell … Even performed by her, it was very powerful,” she said, meaning to be said to herself. 
“No, M’lady. He’s survived, and is continuing to hunt her. He was not killed in this battle either.” Artemis said as she did. Fast paced and articulate. 
Her breathing had returned to normal, and so had her speech. She was a fast talker. A side effect of her abilities. She had the gifts of a photographic memory, extending knowledge with foresight, and as a perk, the ability to manipulate gravity. Not quite levitation, as Saphora had just grazed the surface of, but merely adding or taking away gravity from anything, though not anyone. Being the queen’s advisor, she usually used the perk to tend to the library. Walking up walls and bookshelves to organize books, scrolls, or what have you, in zero gravity. 
“Yes … It seems I’ve underestimated him, as I feared. Where is Saphora now? Is she alright?” Artemis nodded.
“Yes. Her body, it’s in a state of healing. She’s unconscious, but I cannot see where she is. Forgive me.”
“It’s alright, Artemis. Thank you. I will try to speak to her again. How did she fall?” Vida asked, turning around and walking back to her personal library. 
It was a small collection. But it held everything she had ever needed to know. Artemis, being her advisor, had read every book the queen held dear, as well as everything else in the entire Kingdom. There was not one book, one scroll, one diagram, nor one map that had gone unread by Artemis, or forgotten. 
“I believe she was flying, M’lady. She heard what sounded like …”
Artemis trailed off, not wanting to give false hope to what she thought she had heard. Vida turned her head around, her pale gray eyes curious.
“Like?”
Artemis folded her hands. “Well, M’lady. It sounded like Arol,” the queen’s body turned almost immediately.
“Arol?”
“B-But he hasn’t been heard since they landed, M’lady. I can’t be sure.” 
“What else could it have been?” the queen asked in denial. For if Arol was alive, even injured, Saphora’s chances of survival would be increased nearly tenfold. 
“It … Could have been one of their airborne vehicles. Their noises and volumes are similar from a distance.”
Vida sighed, nodding at the logic presented to her. Though she still held onto the hope that Arol was somehow alive, and trying to find Saphora. 
“Right …” she sighed, turning back around to face her library. Artemis followed closely behind. There was something else the queen needed to know. Something that would lift her spirit, and reassure her hope for her daughter.
“There is something else, M’lady.” Artemis said, coming up beside Vida as she plucked a book from a shelf eyelevel to her. It was a book on the craft of telepathy. “The marks … They’re spreading.”
Vida’s eyes widened slightly, and she turned her head towards her friend Artemis. The marks were spreading. They both knew what that meant. Realizing it together, they smiled, as Vida placed her hand on Artemis’ shoulder. Yes, there was hope. 


	A soft buzzing sound could be heard in the depths of Saphora’s unconscious mind. She had not yet come to, and was swimming in her memories behind closed eyelids. A flash of light. Tebias’ death-carrying threats. The trunk of the tree flying across the distance between them. The gun in the air. Everything seeming to happen in slow motion. Her heart raced, and her breathing was ragged as she envisioned running through the dense forest. Tree after tree. Each appearing to be trying to keep her from getting away. The buzzing continued, confusing her subconscious and bringing forth the memory of that night. Her mind matching the sound with the broken pipes in the kitchen of the destroyed house. There she was, standing by the marble counter top, confused and distraught. And there was Tebias, standing in the doorway, pointing the gun he was holding in the forest and aiming it in the same manner. 
“Saphora …” she heard a voice say to her. That voice. From that night. 
She looked around the kitchen, anxious to see the face of the woman that was speaking to her. She thought maybe she just didn’t turn around to see the woman who had spoken. And that that was why she didn’t remember seeing her.  But when she looked around, she didn’t see the woman, and her heart fell. But that didn’t stop her from continuing to hear her.
“Wake up, Saphora,” the voice rang. 
Saphora’s head spun around, desperate to see her. But all she ended up doing, was looking into the gun of Tebias. His black eyes, enraged, stared into her ruby ones. She stared as time slowed down again, allowing her to watch Tebias’ index finger bend to pull back the trigger of the gun. 
“Saphora!”
Saphora’s eyes shot open, glowing white and baring wide. Her body was in a state of trance, floating above the futon she had been placed on. The markings on her back were glowing with the same consistency as her eyes. Slowly coming into focus, her pupils returned to the large masses of her eyes. And the moment they did, her body fell onto the futon, the glowing fading. Startled from the sudden drop of gravity, Saphora’s limbs sprawled out along the bed, like she was being carried, and then was suddenly dropped. She blinked furiously, looking around the unfamiliar room. And once again, she found herself looking into the mouth of a gun – now with two barrels. 
She continued blinking, allowing her eyes to adjust to the dim light in the room. She was in a rundown house. The walls were a dingy tan, with what looked like rust crawling up the bottom of the paneling. At the bottom of the walls, lining the floor, were vents from the heater – giving off a soft buzzing sound. The carpet was a grimy green, with stains of different colours scattered throughout. It connected with a white tile, which had been glazed over with a thin layer of dirt, in the attached kitchen. Saphora stared into the double barreled shot gun, held by the shaking hands of an old man. Realizing that she was being held at gun point, Saphora scurried to back up on the futon, backing up against the wall behind her. She looked up into the fearing, but watchful blue eyes of the man, who held the gun in a firm grip. Sweat was beginning to roll down the side of his face, from under the dark blue denim cap he wore. The cap’s brim almost hindered her from seeing his eyes. His thin lips were curled into a tight line, leaving them unseen, under the scratchy gray stubble that covered the majority of his face. One blue eye closed tight, as he spoke.
“What in the hell are ye’?” he asked with a low, gruff voice. 
Saphora’s heart stopped.
“And do you know…what you are?” Tebias’ voice rang in her head. What happened? She couldn’t remember. Her heart picked up its pace again. She couldn’t remember. No, no, she thought. She closed her eyes tightly, leaning her head down as she tried to remember what had happened before the darkness. But she was coming up a blank. All that she could remember was Tebias’ voice – asking her what she was. 
The sound of the man cocking the gun forced Saphora to focus. She met the man’s impatient eyes once again.
“I said,” he started, as he raised the gun a bit higher to aim at Saphora’s head. “What are ye’? His hands were shaky. But she knew that if he were to shoot, it would not miss. Saphora struggled for words that would satisfy the answer he was looking for. But she didn’t understand the question to begin with, let alone how to answer it.
“What do you mean?”
The man shot up from his arm chair, making Saphora flinch and aimless try to back further into the wall.
“Don’ you play stupid with me, ye’ damn alien. I ain’t stupid. You came runnin’ out them woods, and I hit ye’ with my car. Bein’ the gentleman I am I brought you home. I put ye’ on that there futon and you start glowing and floatin’ n’ shit. The hell are you?!” 
Saphora’s heart pounded against her ribcage. Floating? Had he seen her flying into the forest? Was he on his way to see her when he hit her? She’d been found out. And it was resulting in one of the ways she had feared – violence. She raised her arms towards the man, facing her palms out towards him in surrender. He shifted from his left foot to his right as his finger squeezed and released the trigger.
“Please. I’m … I’m …” She had thought about this plan a million times. And each time, she was disturbed by how incredibly stupid it was. But she had never come up with anything else that sounded like it would work for her. So it was all she had to go by. She could only hope, with observation of the man’s lack of articulation, that he was dull enough to believe her story. “A magician.”
The man lowered his gun, and his squinted eye opened as he stared at her with a look that was a mix of disbelief and confusion. His brows pulled together as Saphora’s rose with a glimpse of hope. She couldn’t believe it. Could this really work?
“I … Sometimes, I do my tricks in my sleep,” she said, averting her eyes. His gun lowered a little more, along with his bottom lip. 
“A magician,” he repeated. Saphora quickly nodded, peeking through her raised hands. “Well hell. I just said I ain’t-“
With a sudden rumbling around the house. The wall behind the man was smashed in, knocking the heavy debris into the man and knocking him to the floor, crushing him with the weight of the rubble. Saphora screamed, pressing herself against the wall and digging the heels of her feet into the futon. Her nails scratched against the peeling paneling of the wall, cutting through it with ease. She turned her head away from the abrupt and sudden death of the man under the wall, coughing from the amount of dust and debris that was floating around the room. With squinted eyes, she turned to look in the destruction’s direction. She was horrified at what she saw. At who she saw.
“Throwing things. Now that’s not very nice,” Tebias said, kicking in a section of the remaining wall and walking in on top of the rubble, and thereby on top of the crushed man. “Running away? That’s not much better,” he said with somewhat of a chuckle. But there was an underlining tone of anger. Of rage. Of a pride that was being tested. This made the second time that Saphora – a child in the eyes of Tebias, had been able to not only defeat him, but escape him without so much as an idea of what she was. That was picking at Tebias’ pride. He didn’t respond to that very well. He was a man of pride. And being evaded by this child – a girl no less, was beginning to blur the level of sensibility in his methods. He stepped forward onto the rubble, his thick combat boot crunching down on the material. And suddenly Saphora saw the image of the kitchen in the house. She saw the tattered doorframe around a shadowed Tebias. But something else happened, as well. He looked familiar. Not because she had remembered him from that night, and once again in the forest. But as if she had known him before all that. Before the life she had now. 
“You’re crafty. I’ll give you that. Regardless if you’re aware of it or not,” he laughed, coming closer. Saphora knew she had to get up. But her body was rejecting her brain’s instructions. Maybe because it was giving out too many for her to follow. But there was one voice, above all the screaming ones in her head that broke through. Firm, calm, and also, suddenly familiar.
“Saphora.”
Saphora’s head snapped to the right, to where she thought the voice was coming from. But she was not there. Only an empty, dirty kitchen area. It was the same woman that had spoken to her on that night. Only, right now she sounded strange – weaker, almost. She didn’t know if it was because it was being over powered by all the other things her brain was screaming at her, but it was only making her strain to listen to the soft voice of the woman. Tebias looked in the direction as well, as if expecting to see something or someone.
“Repeat after me, Saphora.”
Saphora whined, shaking her head and closing her eyes. It was happening. First, she was asked to repeat the night, and now it was happening again. She was being sent back into her subconscious right before her very eyes. She just wanted it to go away. She wanted Fran. She wanted safety. 
“Stand up,” Tebias said, looking back at Saphora. The desire to end her life was becoming greater. But he knew that he would be received better if she was brought back alive. 
“Saphora, listen.”
Saphora jerked her head to the left, and still, the woman was not there. The back of her head hit the wall in distraught. She was hearing things. So not only was her reality being tested, but also her sanity. She didn’t understand it. How could she possibly? So she did the next best thing in such a situation – went along with the person who seemed to be on her side. She gave a small gesture of nodding her head.
“Stand up, as he’s asked,” she instructed. And she did, however reluctantly it was. Tebias grinned, nodding with acknowledgement. The other gun in his hand lowered in approval. The gun he held was not actually to harm Saphora. It was built to stun, and render the mind unconscious. But in Saphora’s eyes, it was death with a trigger. 
“Good. Now come here, like a good girl.” 
But Saphora stood still, waiting for instructions not from him, but from her.
“Now say as I say – quietly,” the woman said, before beginning a chant in a language Saphora did not understand. Her brows pulled together in confusion as she strained to listen to the strange words. Her lips began to part, and partially follow the words said. She kept her eyes averted as instructed, so not to give away the fact that she was speaking towards him, and rather just to herself. Tebias tilted his head, his eyes narrowing as he watched her, observing her posture. He was trying to tell if she was making motions to walk towards him or not. Her head was tilted down as she repeated the words spoken to her as best she could. 
And then, with a sudden rush of energy pushing through her, her head snapped up. Tebias’ eyes went wide as he met Saphora’s now glowing white ones. He hissed, gritting his teeth and raising his gun again in that instant. Swarms of wind whipped off of Saphora’s body, sending her wavy hair in a frenzy, along with the curtains. Tebias raised his arm to curve around his face and protect against the now flying debris. The paneling of the walls peeled upwards as Tebias swore under his breath. 
Tebias shouted in frustration, while being forced to take steps back as the ambush of wind continued. He tried to lift his arm to aim his gun at Saphora, but the increasingly strengthening wind caught his arm, pushing it, and the rest of him a few more steps back. This time Saphora saw what was happening. There was enough time in the action for Saphora to take a glimpse around. Although her body felt heavy and connected to the ground, she was able to look around with what movement she did have of her eyes. 
Everything was being blown around the room. Slowly, the house was beginning to tear apart. The walls could be heard creaking as they began to weaken in their own frames. And then it happened again. Time slowed down. She could see the curtains whipping around the window frames, the tiles beginning to rip off the floor, the rubble swimming around in the air. The furniture was beginning to lift as well, the lamps losing their shades, the chairs lifting along with the dining table. Saphora’s heart thumped against her suddenly tight chest as she was suddenly very aware of what she was doing. And even more aware that she didn’t know how to stop. With each quickening pump of her heart, the time that passed seemed to get slower. 
She noticed, that even though the winds around the room grew more violent, that none of the flying debris seemed to be hitting her. And then she saw it. A thin layer of something that looked like a wall of some kind was surrounding her. She could see bits and pieces of rubble bang against the shield-like surface and deflect away from her. It was then that she thought of this as a possibility of what happened in the forest. Could this have protected her from the falling tree crushing her? Saphora stared wide-eyed at the enraged Tebias, who was still trying to get at Saphora. But it seemed to be that the more he attempted to reach her, the stronger the winds got. 
Then, with sudden speed, the house seemed to crumble around her. The walls were knocked in, causing the roof to come down on top of them, covering everything beneath it. But Saphora remained untouched. The rubble piled up around the shield-like surface that surrounded her. Planks of wood sticking up around the sphere. Tebias was lost beneath the rummage – at least to her eye. And he was. The collapse of the home was more than enough to render Tebias immobile for the next several hours, if not days. For the wind that was released was not the only thing that was launched around the house. Vida had also sent a specific attack towards Tebias’ body. Not enough to kill him, but enough to give Saphora enough time to escape and get a reasonable distance away. It hadn’t hit him directly as she had hoped, but it had hit at a good enough angle that, combined with the collapsing of the house, did its job. 
It wasn’t long after the surge had stopped, that the protective sphere around Saphora began to fade. She noticed it almost alarmingly when she could suddenly feel the crisp breeze on her face. Her body flinched at the sudden contact, and her arms cringed up against her sides. She looked around at the house with a distant bewilderment. Even though she had just witnessed what had just happened, and almost dared to comprehend it, she was still in shock at the outcome of it all. The sheer destruction made her look down at her own hands, wondering for the first time about the question she was continuously asked. 
What am I?
“Now, Saphora …” the voice suddenly rang. But this time it concerned Saphora. She looked around again, wanting desperately to see the face that connected to the voice. But again, she saw no one. She kept looking though, because of the sound of exhaustion in the woman’s voice. “Leave. You must go. Take the vehicle,” she said, as if she were out of breath. Saphora’s heart seemed to ache at the sound of the pain in the woman’s voice. The only person who had been able to make her feel safe in this terrifying situation, sounded like she was injured – as if what had just taken place had taken a toll on her. Her gaze shifted uneasily around the rubble, even though she was aware that she wouldn’t be able to see the woman. Looking somehow made her feel more at ease – like she was able to do something if she could just somehow pin point what direction the voice was coming from. In vain, she tried to talk back to the voice.
“Where – who are you?” Saphora called out above the faint sound of leaking pipes and settling debris. The woman did not answer. Saphora whined, looking around, as her hands began to shake. She repeated herself, and still, there was no answer. Looking down and around, she slowly began to make her way out of what was left of the house. “Hello?” she called out. When the rubble began to shift from the wind and continuously settling onto the ground, she was suddenly aware that Tebias could pop back up from under the rubble at any given moment with even more rage than he previously held. That would make the third time she had been able to escape him. She wanted to keep the streak going. At least until she was able to get to Fran. So for now she gave up on looking for the voice, and focused on easing her body’s tension enough to get to the run down pick-up truck that was parked by the house in the driveway. Her body was trembling, and her mind was scattered about the destruction, but still she forced herself to make it to the truck. She knew she would be stealing it, even if she was using it to save her life. But she couldn’t be concerned with that right now. She had to get out of there. She didn’t know what had become of Tebias, but she couldn’t write him off as being dead. The last two times she had assumed that, he came back raging. She could only imagine that he would eventually do the same thing after recovering from this. 
Finding the keys to the truck in the ignition, Saphora was able to start it up on the third try, and begin her stressed journey home to find Fran and tell her about her concerns regarding Tebias and the woman she heard. 

********

“Vida!” Artemis screeched as she reached out to aid the swaying queen. Vida placed her hands on the table before her, trying to keep herself standing as she panted from her sudden loss of stability. She had been exhausting her energy, continuously stressing about what she would do about the return of her daughter, while wondering what she could do to keep her safe in the meantime. And on top of that, each time she took the time to communicate with her and/or act through her, she spent a little more of the strength she was continuously losing. The tiny Artemis gripped her queen’s arm, and looked up at her with deep concern. She had exerted too much, and was now paying for it. Vida brought her left hand to her temple and tried to balance herself with the help of her friend.
“M’lady?” she asked again. Vida nodded and gave a wary smile down at Artemis.
“I’m alright, Artemis. I’m alright … She’s safe. For now,” she said, short of breath.  Artemis’ face pinged with distress at seeing her friend in such a vulnerable state. Especially at a time like this when they needed her to be strong.
“Vida, you can’t keep doing this to yourself. You’re not strong enough to keep up these spells. If you keep doing this as you have … We need you, Vida,” she urged, addressing her friend by her name. Carefully, she led her over to her throne, helping her sit down. Vida smiled, and placed her other and on her friend’s shoulder. 
“I know. But I will not leave my daughter to fight a fight that is not hers alone.”
Artemis was silent as she looked at the exhaustion on her queen’s face.
“Besides. She has awoken some of her power. And she is now aware that she has them,” she said with a hopeful gleam in her eyes. “It’s only a matter of time before she masters them.”
Artemis nodded, gripping onto her arm. 
“It is how much time that concerns me.”
Vida was silent, at the comment Artemis made. Her mind pensive. And then it occurred to her, having known Artemis for so long, that she must have seen something. Otherwise she would not have said such a thing. She did not make comments of dread and worry unless she was aware of an unfortunate future. Vida looked up at Artemis, whose eyes, behind big round glasses, held dismay. 
“What have you seen, Artemis?” she asked her, tightening her grip on her shoulder.



Chapter 3

With the small sting of pain coursing through her left temple, Saphora groaned as she slipped into consciousness. Slowly, her lashes fluttered until her eyes were squinting open and warily looking around. Her lungs felt dense, and heavy. And her body seemed to not want to listen to her commands to move. Her breathing was slow and strained, and it made her a bit nervous, wondering what had happened. Her eyes struggled to stay open, but were motivated by the sight of Fran sitting at the side of her bed. Her expression was grave, and her eyes were red. With some effort, Saphora was able to turn her head to look at her face to face.
“Fran?” she asked, more concerned with why she looked upset than with what was wrong with her own body.
“Hi, honey,” she said in a broken voice as she reached out to hold her hand. She wrapped her larger one around Saphora’s and squeezed. Saphora didn’t like that. She didn’t like the body language Fran was giving. What was going on? She couldn’t recall anything.
“What happened?” Saphora asked. “What’s wrong with me? I can’t … really move.”
“You’ll be able to move soon … You … You came home so strangely yesterday,” Fran tried to explain. Saphora’s brows pulled together in confusion.
“Yesterday?” Fran nodded.
“You came home and started talking nonsense. Something about some man trying to kill you – you were all banged up and driving someone’s truck. Honey, where did you get the truck?”
The mentioning of a man caught Saphora’s attention, and slowly began piecing things back together. Against her body’s better judgment, she tried to sit up. Fran straightened up in her seat, ready to help if she needed it.
“You should take it easy. The drugs haven’t worn off yet. Dr. Lupin said you should rest for the next 24 hours.” 
Saphora’s head spun. Not from the drugs. But from being told that she had been given drugs. She had never taken any type of medical substance in her life – that she could remember. Saphora turned to look at Fran with an expression resembling anger. And then that of confusion. She didn’t remember taking drugs. Nor being given them. What were they doing to her? Were they affecting her memory? Or was her brain merely unable to recall due to its own deconstruction?
“Drugs? Fran – “. The room spun for a moment and Saphora fought to keep herself upright. Fran jerked forward to place one hand behind her back and the other under her arm that was closest to her. Saphora placed her palm against her head and closed her eyes in attempt to calm her vision, which was slightly blurred. “What happened?”
“You were talking about some man. And someone screaming. Or something, I don’t know. You also told me you fell out of the … you know where. How many times have I told you not to do you know what so high? You know it makes-“
“Why are you talking like that?” Saphora asked in slight annoyance, cutting her off. Fran paused, with a somewhat misplaced glance around the room. Fran only spoke like that when they were around people. Saphora looked around the room once again, thinking maybe she missed someone else’s presence. 
“Talking like what?”
Saphora didn’t bother to answer the obvious question she had used to answer her own. Her eyes strained to scan the room once again, this time looking for anything out of place. Fran was a horrible liar. She always answered questions with questions when she had something to hide. Of course there could have been the possibility that she was just unaware of the context of her question. But with such a topic, Saphora knew that wasn’t the case. Not with that topic. Especially after what had just happened. And then she saw, from the corner of her eye, the door to her bedroom move. There were no windows open. The house was not on a tilt. It creaked inwards ever so slightly, and Saphora groaned.
“Why are you hiding?” she called out in the door’s direction. Fran flinched, raising her hands, as if pleading for Saphora to calm down. She’d been found out. But she wasn’t worried for herself, so much as the snooping Dr. Lupin. “Get in here,” she ordered. She was becoming angry. Not only did this man drug her without consent that she was sure she didn’t give, but he had the audacity to hide from her afterwards and have Fran attempt to cover for him.
“Saphora,” Fran said in a hard tone. She wasn’t one to condone rudeness. Even under the present circumstances. Her expression turned harsh at Saphora’s sudden movements to sit at the edge of the bed. 
“Come on!” she shouted in aggravation. Not only was she fuming from the fact that she had evidently been drugged, but she was enraged that for the second time, she could not remember all the vital bits and pieces of what had previously happened.
“Saphora. You mind your man-“
“It’s alright, Fran. I suppose she has a right to be upset,” came Dr. Lupin’s voice from behind the door. The door that began to open slowly, and reveal his tall figure behind it. After pushing the door open enough to get through, he stuck his slightly balled hands in his pockets and came through the doorway, leaning against it. Saphora’s lip curled as she tried to stand up. But the swiftness of her motion made her head spin, and her diaphragm stretch towards her stomach, making her short of breath. Fran placed her hand on her arm and squeezed, helping her to keep her balance.
“Saphora, please-“
“Why was I drugged? How – When did you-“
“Yesterday, when you came home from who knows where. You were speaking gibberish and beginning to get violent when Fran couldn’t understand you,” he began, coming towards the bedside where Fran sat. He stood behind Fran, looking down at Saphora. “She called me when you weren’t settling down, for help. I gave you a shot to calm you. And you’ve been asleep since.”
“Why can’t I remember?” Saphora asked agitatedly. 
Dr. Lupin shook his head nonchalantly. 
“Remember what, exactly?” he asked, almost immediately after her question. Saphora’s eyes narrowed at him, a wrinkle forming on the bridge of her nose. “Fran told me you fell. You were pretty banged up when I arrived … Did you hit your head when you fell?”
Saphora’s head shook somewhat, as she tried to calm herself long enough to listen what he was saying. Hit my head? She thought back to crashing into the tree, and then falling out of another one when she had attempted to fly again. And then tripping over the uplifted root onto the ground. It was quite possible that she could have hit her head in the mists of all that. 
“I … Maybe. I don’t know,” she said as she raised her hand to search her scalp for any bumps or dents. There were none that she could find, but that didn’t mean that she hadn’t hit her head. It was the next day, after all. Lupin nodded, shifting his weight onto his other leg.
“Saphora, I believe that you were hallucinating.”
Saphora smiled. She didn’t know why. But she smiled as she shook her head in protest. Fran watched her carefully.
“What – no, I … I know what I-“
“You may not have been aware of it, but I believe the dreams – your memory, was putting a stress on you. You were desperate to remember. I think the hit to your head may have triggered the hallucinations. But instead of remembering the past, you created a present with the characters.”
Saphora’s temple pinged in denial. Created? No, what? She shook her head, lowering it and staring at her bare feet. Trying to remember clearly what had happened in the woods, her eyes squinted. She couldn’t. Not clearly, anyway. 
“No – But … What about the truck? The house?” Saphora looked up at them both. Panic in her voice. “The house was destroyed! I was …”
Lupin tilted his head to the side, taking one hand out of his pocket to push his glasses back onto the bridge of his nose. 
“You were what?” he asked curiously. The memory of the wall crashing down on that poor man flooded her mind, along with the house’s ultimate undoing. She shook her head, her body feeling a sudden wave of exhaustion. She was fighting with what her brain was telling her, and what she was presently being told. Was she hallucinating? All of it? She looked down at her arms. Her legs. At the scratches and bruises that covered them. Could all that have been from falling?
“I … was there. I saw that man die. The house,” she shook her head. “It was destroyed. What about the house?” she questioned, not yet looking back up at them. Lupin sighed, putting his hand back into his pocket. 
“Yes. The owner of the truck. A Mr. Gary Jones. He’s dead.” Lupin agreed.
Fran swung her head up in Lupin’s direction. Her eyes wide and her lips parted. She had been fearing the worst. And there it was – spoken. The owner of the mystery truck was dead. She had hoped that he was still alive.
“What? He’s dead?” she asked, even after hearing the answer. Lupin nodded, and she lowered her head to look back at Saphora. This led to even more haunting questions. “How did he die?” she asked, a bit short of breath as she squeezed on her hand, which had lowered to Saphora’s hand. With the condition that Saphora was currently in, who was to say that Saphora didn’t harm the man enough to lead to his death in her distraught state of mind? Dr. Lupin had told Fran that with her hallucinating about this man, she could have seen his face, instead of Gary Jones. And with her thinking that the man was trying to kill her, it would have been only natural to try and defend herself against him – by any means necessary. 
“They didn’t tell me. But they want to speak to Saphora as soon as possible.”
“Who?” Saphora asked. There was a lingering silence in the room that made her stomach churn. Her eyes shot to Fran’s but they averted their gaze. “Fran?” She didn’t answer her. Her heart began to race. What was going on? What happened while she was asleep? The man was dead. Who had told them? Oh god, she thought, having a thought click into place. They think I killed him.
“The police.” Lupin finally spoke up. Her heart jumped against her ribs, seemingly jolting her forward a bit. The police? Every murder-based crime show skid through her mind like the breeze on an open book. The pages stopping on the topic of imprisonment. She swallowed hard. “Since,” Lupin exhaled. “You took off with the victim’s truck immediately after the time of death, they’d like to talk to you about what happened,” he explained. Fran nodded solemnly, imagining all that would go on in the conversation between her and the police. “But don’t worry. Once we explain your mental condition, I’m sure-“
“Mental condition?” Saphora repeated, drawing her gaze to Lupin. That caught her attention, and suddenly made her highly defensive of her sketchy memory. She looked to Fran, waiting for her to protest against the phrase alongside her, but she was silent. Saphora stared for a while longer, until the slight turn of Fran’s head sent a pain to her heart, and a jolt through her legs. She stood up, not caring if she wobbled or not, and kept her eyes on the silent Fran.
“I’m not crazy,” she argued with somewhat of a nervous laugh. Fran stayed quiet, in comparison to the rather loud sigh from Dr. Lupin. Saphora shook her head, balling her fists. “Look – I know what I saw, okay? I may not be able to remember all of it. But I know-“
“Saphora,” Fran said with a tone of disapproval and a soft sigh. 
This entire situation was already weighing on her as it was. What with the frantic phone call from Saphora, to leaving work early in search of her. And then to have her come home hysterical, and having to drug her. And now learning of the death of the owner of the truck that she had stolen. The last thing she wanted to do right now was argue. Especially about something that could potentially keep her from going to prison. Fran reached out to take Saphora’s hand, but she snatched it away in frustration.
“No! I’m not lying. And I wasn’t hallucinating,” she argued. 
She looked down in disbelief at Fran, who didn’t respond. “Fran!” she practically cried. She couldn’t believe this. The only person that she had trusted her entire life was just sitting there and letting this happen. Letting this man say these things. Accuse her of insanity. Instability. Fran’s eyes closed with pressure and she raised the hand that she had reached towards Saphora with a flat palm.
“Saphora, please. This has been a stressful two days … Will you just sit down and-“
“Do you think I’m crazy?” Saphora asked with a shaky voice, cutting Fran off. Fran looked up at Saphora, finally. Saw the despair in her eyes. And realized, just a bit, what she was doing. A ping of guilt struck her and she stood with her, reaching her arms around her.
“No. God, no, honey. I’m sorry. I’m just exhausted. I was so worried about you … And now that man is dead and-“
“Do you think I killed him?” Saphora interrupted again, pulling back to look Fran in the eyes. Fran searched her eyes for some kind of truth. And for a moment, she thought she saw some, as blurred as it was. Although she was very hyper aware of the circumstances, she knew her Saphora. Although she tended to find the worst in people, she knew that she would never hurt anyone. Not intentionally. But then she thought about the phone call. How unlike Saphora she sounded. She had never fallen flying before. What if the fall really did mess with her enough to cause hallucinations? What if she didn’t remember hurting the man? Saphora shook her head, gripping onto Fran’s arms. “Fran,” she said, voice trembling. “I didn’t kill him. Please.”
“Maybe you didn’t, Saphora,” Lupin said, chiming in and bringing their attention to him. “But maybe another persona did,” he suggested. Saphora shook her head in confusion. 
“What do you mean?”
“What if it was the little girl that killed him? The scared little girl from that night? She could have-”
“No!” Saphora shouted, pulling away from Fran and startling her some. Saphora moved towards the doctor and he took a step back. The shirt-like gown moved across her body as she took her angry steps. “There is no little girl. Enough, with your physiological bullshit! I didn’t kill him. And you’re not going to write me off as crazy. I know what I saw.” 
A sudden gasp from Fran made Saphora stop long enough to turn around. Which caused a similar gasp from Lupin. Saphora spun around again, her head spinning from the swift movements. She wobbled a bit, which agitated her further.
“What?” she questioned them, looking back and forth. Fran now had her hand delicately over her mouth, and her other hand was placed on her chest, which was covered with the olive green turtleneck she was wearing. The hand on her mouth reached forward just slightly, drawing Saphora’s gaze to it.
“Your … Your back,” she breathed. Before Saphora could ask what she meant, Dr. Lupin added to the conversation.
“The marks have spread,” he said rather bluntly, with a strong sense of curiosity. She turned her body, foolishly trying to see her own back to no avail. Lupin stepped forward, and Saphora stepped back away from him, turning her back to Fran. She pointed her finger up at him, and he raised his hands in surrender.
“Don’t – Don’t touch me,” she said, watching him carefully, before glancing around the room. She looked back at Fran, who was slowly reaching towards her.
“Honey, please. Just let him look at it.”
“No! No,” she said, looking back at him. “Get out.”
“Saphora!” Fran said in aggravation.
“Come now. This isn’t ne-“
“I said get out! I’m not going to have someone who’s accusing me of being insane staying here and pretending like he gives a flying fuck about what’s happening.”
“Saphora!” Fran shouted again. This time putting her hand on her shoulder to grab her attention, but failing. Lupin straightened his back and grumbled, putting his hands slowly back in his pockets in time with his exhaling.  
“Well. If you don’t want to be treated like a mental case, maybe you should start acting more appropriately,” he said rather harshly, catching Fran off guard. Her attention shifted to him as her hand left Saphora’s shoulder. 
“Doctor,” she breathed, shaking her head in disapproval. Saphora’s eyes narrowed at the remark.
“You’re fired,” she spat. 
“Saphora,” Fran urged for the third time, her patience wearing thin. 
But Dr. Lupin waved his hand, dismissing the problem. He would go without a fuss. Although the statement that he had just made was unprofessional, he knew all too well that it was not a good idea to provoke a deranged patient whose emotional range was expanding by the minute. Especially one that had just woken up from being sedated and could not recall their entire memory. That was a dangerous combination. One that was sure to bring out anxiety, rage, pain, and eventually violence. He was sure that things would settle down after Saphora had gotten some proper rest and had a chance to sort things out with herself and Fran. 
“It’s alright, Fran. I’ll leave. We’ll talk once she’s had some time to rest.” 
Saphora bit her tongue, due to the unusually strong grip Fran had on her wrist. Fran sighed, looking from Saphora to Dr. Lupin, before nodding reluctantly.
“Thank you, doctor. Let me show you to the door,” she said, releasing Saphora’s wrist and walking closely behind the doctor as he traveled back to the door of Saphora’s room. She turned back to look at her before she walked out. The look in her eyes making Saphora’s head lower ever so slightly, despite the current rage she felt. She still feared the anticipating stare of an angry mother – so to speak. 
Once Fran left with the doctor, Saphora plopped back down on her bed and buried her face in her hands. Just what was happening here? She took a moment to breathe. Her lungs still feeling somewhat heavy. Her temple throbbed, making her shut her eyes in attempts to lessen the pain. There was far too much going on for her to begin to comprehend. She tried to think back, to what she had been told was yesterday.  But all she got were quick glimpses. Fragments of images. Tebias’ face. His gun. The man in the house. His gun. Violence. And then, the ringing of a calm, familiar voice. The voice of the woman that had helped her. The voice of the woman she could not find. Saphora sighed, shaking her head in her hands. That poor man was dead. Would she be to blame for it? 
She knew that once Fran came back up the stairs that not only would she be yelled at for how she spoke to the doctor. But she would be hounded, and questioned continuously about what happened at the house, and in the woods, and why she was flying so high, which she wasn’t. She wasn’t going to let her rest, like the doctor had suggested. And she didn’t want to go through that right now. She wanted to be left alone. She was still in shock at how Fran was reacting to the whole thing. She didn’t know if she could face her right then without getting “inappropriate” with her as well. Fran didn’t believe her. Not fully, anyway. There was doubt – she could tell when she looked into her eyes. Of course, she knew she had good reason to doubt her story. But she thought that maybe, just maybe, their relationship was strong enough to withstand at least a fraction of the doubt. And now, even her relationship with Fran was being questioned in her mind. She cringed at the thought of not being able to trust her. Or worse – being abandoned by her when she needed her most. 
Hearing the front door close, she decided that she couldn’t handle the predicted fallout of events. She looked at her window across the room which was shut, and thought maybe she should have some time to think alone. Away from the house. Away from Fran. 



Chapter 4

The café only had a hand full of people. The calm, peach walls and mocha brown tiles helped to sooth Saphora’s mind as she entered the corner café. The somewhat dim lights helped to ease the pounding in her temple. It was nearly the afternoon when she reached the café. She had escaped the house, with Fran yelling from the window. But by the time she had reached the window to see where Saphora had gone, she was already down the street and around the corner, running to get to town as quick as she could. All she wanted to do was think things through. She needed to get her head back on straight.
People stared at her as she walked into the quiet café. She looked a bit of a mess, after all. Her hair, already drawing attention to its mint colour, was tossed about, free to fly in her face despite her efforts to keep it tame. She was in nothing but a teal shirt-like night gown that came just above the knees. There was a single, relatively small pocket on the left side of her chest, where she kept her cellphone. That was all she wore. That, and a pair of black high-top converse. It was the first time she had gone out with so little clothing. But she had to get out of that house. She couldn’t stand to talk to Fran right now. Literally. And she couldn’t go to the abandoned house either, regardless of how much she wanted to. That would be the first place Fran went looking for her. Because that’s where she always went under large amounts of stress or pressure. She wanted to go there; it calmed her. Of all places. Being at the house where the nightmare began, gave her the most serenity. She didn’t know why, nor did she question it. But for the time being, she couldn’t go to any place Fran knew she visited. That meant no house, no zoo, and no woods. 
Saphora averted the digging eyes of the few people that were in the café, and made her way to a booth in the far corner of the room. There was a faint mumbling going about the room, and a couple of people even went so far as to get up and leave. Saphora didn’t care though. Why would she? With so many other things to think about. 
A few moments after people had made the decision to stay or go, a woman walked over to the booth and placed a menu down in front of Saphora. She looked up, having been lost in her thoughts, at the blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman that approached her. She held the clipboard she carried close to her chest, as if to protect herself from the oddly dressed woman before her. 
“Hi …” the woman said, her voice hinting at what sounded like a country twang. “Can I get you anything? Some water. Coffee … Tylenol?” she said, looking at Saphora as a whole. And taking in the nature of her appearance. Saphora shook her head, giving a faint smile to be polite. 
“Not right now, thank you.”
She nodded, her curls swinging against the sides of her face.
“Alright. Well … Your waiter will be over in a minute. Let us know if you need anything,” she said, tucking her hair behind her right ear, revealing the gleam of a diamond stud earring, before briskly walking away. 
Saphora had only been left alone for about ten minutes before a young man made his way over to her. He had a look of eagerness on his face that caught her off guard when she lifted her head to look at him. His face was that of a man. But a man with childish qualities, presented in the carefree grin he displayed to her. The grin caused his cheeks to rise, and pushed against his light brown eyes. 
“Hello,” he greeted, bending over slightly to be at more of an eyelevel with her. But she was taken aback by the bluntness of his greeting, and sat back against the back of the booth. She didn’t say anything, as she stared. Here she was looking as she did, and she was looking at this man like he was the one out of place. “Can I get you something?” Saphora shook her head, averting her eyes.
“No, I’m fine. Thank you,” she answered, giving the same grin.
“Need a little more time, then?” he asked, folding his hands in front of him against his stance. She looked up at him once again. At the carefree smile. She felt rude for some reason, sending him away so dismissively. Hesitantly, she nodded, looking down and away from his face again. 
“Uh, yeah … Yeah, thanks.”
He nodded, his eyes never leaving her face, before he too walked away. Leaving Saphora to dive back into her thoughts. She went to work at trying to remember everything clearly once again, knowing that a clear memory would be vital in defending herself. She couldn’t leave anything to uncertainty if she was to present a valid defense. She forced her mind to reach back, gripping at any fragments that were related to yesterday’s events. And it started with the encounter with Tebias – under the fallen tree. She remembered the tree moving. And for a brief moment, she remembered how it moved. She had moved it, somehow. She didn’t know how. Or maybe she did. She had some very vague idea that there was something she had been doing, or thinking that had gotten it to move. But she was having trouble pin pointing what they may have been. 
That subject was the basis of her thought for the next several hours. She had sat in that booth, raking her brain for the answer to her question with no luck. It was nearly four in the afternoon when the waiter walked over for the second time. She had been sitting there for nearly five hours since she had come in. And quite frankly, people, mainly the staff, were beginning to express their concern. Maverick, the man who was assigned to wait the booth, insisted that he would take care of the problem if there proved to be one. He approached slowly. Cautiously, as advised by his supervisor. They thought that maybe she was drunk. Or maybe on drugs, which wasn’t technically false. She was recovering from sedatives, but that, if anything, made her calmer than the average junkie. But the staff knew nothing of what had been going on with her, so they had to take precautions. Maverick, however slowly he may have been moving, did not seem at all put off by her appearance, as her behavior was nothing but polite.
“Hi again,” he greeted, standing beside the table of the booth. Saphora, who had been staring at her phone, jumped in her seat, and looked up at the somewhat familiar face. Being startled annoyed her, and her expression twisted into that of frustration. Maverick responded quickly. 
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
She knew he didn’t, and she dismissed it with a shake of her head, and the momentary closing of her eyes. 
 “Right. Well … You’ve been sitting here for quite a while now, and-“
“Do you want me to leave?” she asked, cutting him off as she placed her hands on the table, gesturing that she was about to get up. But Maverick’s hands shot out to distract her, waving a little frantically at her sudden motions.
“No, no. You don’t have to leave. We were just wondering if you were all right …” he explained, relieved to see her body relaxing and her hands returning to her lap. Saphora shook her head.
“No you’re not.”
Maverick’s brows scrunched.
“What?”
“You’re wondering if I’m crazy, because I look crazy. You couldn’t give a damn if I was “all right” or not. You all just want to know if you should be prepared to call the police,” she said. Her lips in a hard line. 
Maverick stood stunned, brows raised in response to what seemed like a sudden attack. Almost immediately after Saphora had seen the look on her face, she felt horrible. She was beginning to take her frustrations out on her surroundings. That included the people. Her stress and frustration was pent up, and she could do the things she normally did to get rid of it. So she was a little bit on edge, not knowing what to do. And doing the only thing she could do – be angry. Guilt could be read on her face as she sighed, looking away from the man.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that. I’m just … I’m sorry,” she said, sheepishly looking back up at him. She didn’t know what to expect as a reaction. The sudden change in emotions probably only verified that she wasn’t mentally well. He was silent as he stared at her. It was a lingering silence that made Saphora’s nerves stand on edge.  And then he walked away. Leaving Saphora to watch him in fearful suspense. What if they really did call the police? They were already looking for her. What if they thought she was running from the crime? It would only make her look guiltier. And the fact that she wanted to run away now didn’t make things any better. Her heart rate started to pick up and she thought about calling out to the man to apologize again. But she knew how it would turn out. He would be alarmed as she pleaded to him, making her look even more unstable. They would think that she was trying to hurt him. Or that maybe she was a crazy ex-girlfriend of his. She didn’t want to make herself look like she was in need of assistance. 
She looked back at her phone. Should she call Fran to come get her before things turned hectic? No. She still didn’t want to talk to Fran. Maybe she should just leave the café. But where would she go? The woods? Tebias may have still been there. The house? She was almost certain that Fran would be looking there repeatedly to see if she was hiding out there. Maybe she could find somewhere else to hide. There were plenty of stores along this road, and the streets surrounding it. She could find somewhere else to sit until she felt well enough to journey home – or at least talk to Fran on the phone.
But just as she was standing up, she was surprised – startled really, to hear the man’s voice again. 
“Are you leaving?” he asked, sounding a bit closer than he should have been. Saphora turned on her heel, and backed into the booth’s table due the small distance between them. One hand gripped the edge of the table, while the other squeezed her cell phone, holding it against her chest instinctively. Maverick noticed her reaction and frowned, taking a slight step back. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you again,” he said, shaking his head. Saphora looked down as he stepped back, and noticed that he was carrying two glasses of water, most likely carrying them to a table he was waiting. 
“Yeah, I mean - I just thought I should.”
“Why?” he asked, somewhat bluntly. Saphora hesitated to answer. Mostly because she wasn’t expecting to be questioned for leaving. She had thought that just about everyone that had noticed her there, wanted her to leave. But here she was being asked to explain just that. Her mouth fell agape, as she struggled with how to say that explanation in a polite way. Instead, she leaned on their last conversation as a crutch.
“I just, uh … After talking to you like that. I thought, maybe-“
“I didn’t mind it,” he interrupted, shrugging his shoulders. A bit dumbfounded, all Saphora could think to say in response was,
“What?”
Maverick chucked, moving past her to set the glasses of water down on the table of the booth. She watched as he did, wondering why he was. Maybe they were too cold for his hands for the amount of time he was holding them. They had ice in them, after all. She nodded to herself at the logic. But when he sat down at the booth, across from where she had been sitting, she was lost once again. Her brows scrunched, and she looked around the café, to see if she was the only one who was confused. A couple of people at tables around the room were looking at them. But more at Maverick, observing what he was doing. Some looked fearful, as if they were worried about what Saphora would do to him. The staff looked like children peeking behind the counter, spying on their parents, or eavesdropping on someone’s conversation.
“Are you going to sit down?” he asked, the voice piercing through her thoughts. She turned back around to look at him, and then back down at the glasses that were beginning to drip their condensation down onto the table. Her eyes slowly made their way to his.
“What?” she asked again, not really sure where her mind was. His actions had thrown her off. She thought that he had felt threatened, but here he was, sitting down at her booth.
“Stay? I just asked my manager if I could take my break.”
“Okay …?” she murmured, her brain slowly working up to a reasonable function. Maverick stared at her, reading her confusion and lowering his head as he chuckled. With a shrug, and a fold of his hands on top of the table, their gazes met again.
“I thought maybe I’d use it to talk to you. You look like you need to someone to talk to.” 
Saphora sighed, her shoulders slumping as she realized what was happening – pity. She looked away from him and raised her hand to place on her forehead as her head shook. Maverick watched her in anticipation. The faint smile that he held turning into a subtle frown at her reaction. 
“Okay. I see. Look, that’s nice of you. Really. But I don’t want pity, alright? I’m not – I don’t need someone to talk to. I don’t – There’s no one to talk to about this. Okay?”
Maverick tilted his head, his expression calm yet stern.
“Well. I’m sitting here,” he said, with a motion of his shoulders. The way he did it, and the upturn in his voice suggested that he may have been offended. 
But Saphora laughed at the offer. Of talking to him. This guy. He obviously wanted something from Saphora. Something that she was not willing to give. And she wasn’t about to lead him on to think that the option was even remotely possible. She shook her head, and raised her hand but Maverick interjected again.
“Okay, look. You don’t have to talk about whatever it is. I saw that you were doing plenty of thinking about it as it is. So just-“
“Saw – what? You were watching me?” she asked, lowering her hand. Maverick fumbled over his next words.
“Well no, I mean … I was – am waiting your table so I had to keep an eye out in case you wanted something. I just, you seemed to be thinking really hard about something. I just guessed it was whatever’s bothering you.” Saphora nodded slowly.
“Right …”
“Please? Will you just pity me and sit down? We can talk about something else. Anything else.”
Saphora sighed, looking up and away from him in a mixture of frustration and guilt. She wanted to leave. But to where, she didn’t know. She had nowhere else to hide that she was comfortable with. She just wanted to think without being pestered. But then again, she could use some kind of venting after what she had experienced. And since she didn’t have anything else to help her calm her mind, she actually started to consider sitting down with the stranger who offered to talk to her. He watched her in anticipation, wanting for the response he desired. To have her sit with him. And after some time of awkward silence and considerate thoughts, Saphora huffed a soft groan and sat back down. Maverick smiled, letting her sit down. He refolded his hands on the table and looked over at her. And if possible, things got even more awkward. Saphora sat very still, her hands in her lap and her eyes on the glass of water in front of her. Almost five minutes went by before either of them said anything else. It was Maverick who finally broke the ice.
“So, I have a question.” 
Saphora looked up at him, giving an expression that gave him the signal that he could continue. He leaned back against the booth, crossing his arms against his black, short sleeve shirt. 
“You … Your hair. And your eyes. Well, has anyone every told you that you look like an anime character?”
Saphora’s expression flattened at the question, and she made eye contact with him for the first time in the five minutes. And as soon as she did, Maverick realized the mistake in his choice of words. His mouth fell open to try to correct what he had said, but her mind had changed. Maybe she couldn’t talk to this guy. Not if he was going to point out every odd thing about her. She moved to stand up from the booth. She wasn’t about to be analyzed by strangers. She already had to figure out things about herself that she didn’t understand. She didn’t have time to explain trivial things to some guy. Maverick stood up with her, a frown on his face.
“Wait, wait-“ he started, reaching a hand out. 
It was a harmless gesture, but one that still made Saphora take a step back. She put her hand out low, gesturing for him to stop, which he did. She sighed shaking her head.
“I’m sorry. I just … really want to be alone right now. Okay?” she said, turning to walk away. But Maverick spoke up in a surge of frustration and desperation. 
“So why come to a café? With people?” he argued, stepping somewhat in front of her. “If you wanted to be alone.” Saphora’s eyes narrowed, as she turned slowly to look at the man who had suddenly become an enemy in her eyes. To have the nerve to question her current situation, rebuilt the one row of her wall she had allowed to come down. 
“Excuse me?”
Maverick immediately regretted what he said, and sought for a way to correct it. He didn’t mean to offend her, he just didn’t want her to leave without having his chance. At what, he didn’t know. He shook his head, trying to settle his frustration, not thinking that hers would continue to escalate. But it did. She retook the step she had retreated, making him straighten up and suddenly remember his fear of a woman’s wrath. 
“I don’t have to tell you anything, okay – just because you come over here and – and bring me water …” she said, her throat constricting with the building rage. “I … You …” she strained, raising her balled hand and pointed index finger. Maverick looked down at the finger with raised brows. The atmosphere in the café changed considerably. Conversations had stopped, people had grown quiet, and the machinery purred to stop, as if to listen. It made Saphora stop her oncoming rage, and reconsider what she was about to do. She glanced around the room, seeing that she was now being watched, and lowered her hand. She didn’t want to cause a commotion, no matter the emotions she wanted to release. She looked back at Maverick with an expression that made him grimace. And without another word, she shook her head, turned on her heel, and walked away – straight out of the café. 
Maverick, not able to do much else, watched as she walked out of the café. His shoulders slumped and the hope of getting her to stay left him. He sighed, looked back at the two full glasses of water on the table and shook his head. Not even a name, he thought, as he heard the chuckle from one of his coworkers. 
“Nice going,” he chuckled with a shake of his head as he went back to operating one of the coffee machines. Maverick glared in his direction, picking up the two glasses and making his way behind the front counter with him. “This all part of your elaborate plan to get in her pants? Because if you ask me, I think you could afford to skip part one and two. Maybe even-“
“Shut it, Jared,” Maverick spat to his friend as he dumped the water in a nearby sink and sighed, turning around to lean on it once he had set the two glasses on the counter. Jared laughed and shrugged.
“Whatever you say. I would have at least gotten her name or something,” he said, finishing his maintenance with the machine and turning around to speak to Maverick. Maverick crossed his arms defensively.
“Well it’s not like she gave me much of a chance, man. She obviously wasn’t in a good mood.”
“And yet you still went over to talk to her. You must have it bad,” Jared chuckled, giving another shake of his head. Maverick rolled his eyes.
“I do not.”
“Yeah,” A woman’s voice said from the hole in the wall above the sink that gave view into the kitchen on the other side. Both Jared and Maverick turned their attention to the blue-eyed beauty that had chimed in. Saphora’s previous waitress. “Maverick was just making sure she wasn’t crazy,” she said, looking up at him from beneath her blonde lashes. Maverick felt his body tense from her gaze. “Right?” she questioned. But Maverick shook his head, causing her to frown. 
“She’s not crazy. I just-“
“She sure looked crazy to me,” Jared argued. “I mean, who walks around in a night gown and converse? And did you see her eyes? They’re red! And not even like, bloodshot red. They’re just plain red. That ain’t normal,” he went on, crossing his own arms. The blonde nodded in agreement. Maverick shook his head, looking back and forth from the two in slight annoyance. Maybe it was because he had chosen to go out of his way to talk to this girl that he found attractive, and they were putting her down. Or maybe he thought they were questioning him. Wondering why he would even attempt to talk to such a person. Whatever it was, it was getting to him. And he leapt to defend her.
“You’ve obviously never been to a comic con. There are plenty of people that buy contacts. Ever thought that she might be into cosplay?”
“Well she could certainly pull it off. I mean, she looks enough like an anime character.”
“But why would she be walking around like that? It’s not like its Halloween,” the girl said. Maverick turned to look at her. 
“Yeah, well. Why do you wear a fox hat all the time? It’s not like you’re a fox, Liz,” he said. Liz moved her head back, caught off guard by the sudden attack. She looked at Jared, who shrugged with raised eyebrows, and then back at Maverick.
“Christ, Maverick. Why are you defending her? You don’t think she looked crazy at all?” she said, getting a bit loud in her frustration. 
“I don’t know. Everyone has their off days.”
“Yeah, Liz.” Jared joined. “Have you ever woken up next to yourself? It’s not a pretty sight,” the boys chuckled and Liz scoffed in offense. She threw the rag down that she had been holding into the sink and spun around to go back to work in the kitchen. 



“Saphora?” Fran called out, hearing the front door click shut. She had finally come home after a day of avoiding Fran. Avoiding conversation in general, really. She had gone through parks, stores, and shops before slowly taking the long walk home. It was nearly seven in the evening by the time she got home. Fran had called her about fifty more times, and was an absolute wreck. She had been worried sick, wondering where she could have gone. She had checked the abandoned house and the zoo. She had even gone so far as to check Dr. Lupin’s office. After failing to find her at any of the locations, she returned home, and waited impatiently. That was about all she could do since she had not answered any of her calls. Saphora had wanted to use the time to think about the incidents that had occurred. But instead she kept being distracted by the comment the man at the café had said. And the fact that she didn’t properly have a chance to defend herself. That wasn’t like Saphora. She was the kind of person who spoke her mind. Unless on behalf of Fran, when she wanted her to hold her tongue. Like the conversation with Dr. Lupin. 
Fran rushed around the corner of the upstairs hallway, stopping at the railing that went along it, and looked down at the exhausted Saphora. She closed the door behind her, and reluctantly looked up to meet Fran’s gaze. She knew she was going to be scolded. But she couldn’t just not come home. She wouldn’t worry Fran to that extent. But instead of the immediate yelling that Saphora expected, Fran began frantically coming down the stairs. Saphora waited for the bear hug that was going to take place, but to her dismay, Fran never got that far. In her haste to get down the stairs, Fran tripped over her own feet and flung her arms out as she started to tumble down the stairs. Saphora’s eyes went wide as she watched Fran fly forward off the stairs.
“Ah!” she cried, reaching her own arms out, in attempt to stop Fran from falling. And to her surprise, her wish was granted. She watched as Fran remained suspended in midair above the last step. Saphora stared in shock as Fran floated in a seemingly zero gravity state. If she had not experienced something somewhat similar in the woods with Tebias, she would have been in utter horror. Fran’s eyes were tightly shut, her arms wrapped around her face to prepare for the impact. Her body tensed, and her frame was shaking. But the fall never came. Slowly, Fran’s eyes squinted open, and then widened when seeing what was happening. Her limbs flailed about as she started to panic.
“What – Ah!” Fran shrieked. Saphora flinched when she screamed, and moved away from Fran with worry. Fran looked up at Saphora with fear in her eyes. She looked around the room, and even above her to find some sort of answers to the questions that were appearing.
“S-Saphora? Is … Is this you?” she asked. 
Saphora backed up against the closed front door, scared to have Fran fall on her if the magic were to suddenly dispel. She nodded slowly, which soon changed into a shrug. 
“I … I think so.” 
“Oh. Well. Uhm, thank you. But. Do you think you could put me down now?” Fran asked, trying to be grateful that Saphora had stopped her from completing what was sure to be an awful fall. 
Saphora groaned in hesitation, not actually knowing how to put her down. Not wanting to stop whatever it was that she was doing, she stepped forward, and reached her hands up to grab a hold of Fran, to pull her down until she was able to stand. 
After much hesitation, she was able to get Fran securely onto the floor. She gripped onto Saphora, just to be sure that she wouldn’t start floating again. Trembling just a bit, she let out a breath once she was sure everything was back to normal. As normal as things got with Saphora. 
“And how long have you been doing that?” she asked, a bit of her Scottish accent breaking through with her nerves. Saphora shrugged her shoulders, looking up sheepishly at her. 
“Yesterday?”
Fran’s eyes that once held a grateful gaze, soon turned to a worried realization. She backed away from Saphora’s grasp, and shook her head, almost not wanting to talk about the day that had past. 
“Yesterday?” Fran sighed, bringing her hand to her temple and closing her eyes. At the mentioning of the day, she remembered what she was going to say to Saphora before falling. “Saphora why did you leave the house? I looked all over for you, and you didn’t answer any of my calls. Do you know how worried I was? I thought I was going to have to call the police.” Saphora frowned, taking her own step away from Fran as her brows pulled together.
“The police. What for?” she asked, remembering the conversation with Dr. Lupin. Fran lifted her arms before settling her hands on her hips.
“Because you went missing, Saphora!” she shouted, shaking her hands at her. Saphora’s stance eased up and she lowered her eyes with guilt.
“Oh …” she mumbled. Fran groaned and turned away from her, shaking her head. Saphora looked up and frowned, feeling the need to defend herself against the woman she thought she’d never have to. 
“Well – Well what was I supposed to do, Fran? Sit there and wait for you to come back and tell me I was wrong? To tell me I was crazy?” she said, her voice giving way and making Fran turn around. The sound of her baby’s voice cracking pulled out the mother in her, even more so than it had already been out. Fran’s eyes saddened as she looked at Saphora. She had been thinking about that the entire time she was gone. How she didn’t stand up to defend her. She regretted it. And there were many messages on Saphora’s phone that expressed that. 
“Honey, I’m-“
“You didn’t even defend me when he said it! You wouldn’t even-“
“Saphora, please!” Fran said over her increasing volume. Saphora stopped, frozen in a look of anguish, which was mimicked by Fran as she walked closer. Her hand reached out to touch Saphora’s shoulder. Reluctantly, she stayed where she was, and allowed Fran to come closer, despite her feelings towards her. Again, she took Fran’s feelings first into consideration before making her next move. “I’m sorry, honey. I should have said something. I was just so nervous. Dr. Lupin had been talking all night, and I guess I had just gotten scared.”
“Scared of what?” 
Fran sighed.
“Of it being true.”
“That I killed that man?” Saphora argued, making moves to take a step away. “That I’m crazy?” Fran’s grip on Saphora’s shoulder tightened. 
“I know you didn’t kill him, Saphora. But … You don’t think it’s possible that you hit your head during the fall from God knows how high? And that maybe it triggered something?” Fran said, trying to push some reasoning onto the situation. “Not even a little bit?” Saphora’s eyes lowered and she groaned in frustration. She had thought about that as well during her time away from the house. And she reluctantly agreed that while she was eager to write off what she saw as fact, the doctor’s theory did make a lot of sense. That maybe in her desperation to learn more about the man from her past, the trauma of the fall may have caused hallucinations based on recent thoughts. But she didn’t want to believe it. Yesterday … It felt so real. How could it possibly have been a hallucination? And what about that horrid noise? Saphora’s eyes widened, having remembered the noise that had caused her to fall. She looked up at Fran, who responded, ready to hear what she had to say.
“But what about the noise? That was before the fall,” she said eagerly. Fran shook her head slowly in mild confusion.
“What noise?”
“The … It was like a scream. I heard it before the fall. That is what caused me to fall! It gave me a headache while I was flying.”
“A scream? Who could possibly be screaming at the height you were at? And loud enough to do such a thing. Honestly, Saphora. It was probably a plane passing by.”
Saphora paused, not having taken that into consideration. Her hutzpah faded, and logic once again seemed to overpower her. It was true that she had never flown by a plane before. And that the shocking sound of its engine could have been the ear-shattering noise she heard.
“Saphora … Would it not be easier to believe that it was a hallucination?” Fran suggested. But in a way that made it sound like it was in Saphora’s best interest, which kept her defense down. It just seemed to be for the sake of her own sanity. Constantly rethinking and reanalyzing the event was proving to cause its own damage to Saphora’s psyche. She was beginning to like the idea of pretending that it didn’t happen. But then a scary thought occurred to her, as she looked up at Fran.
“But what if it wasn’t?”


Chapter 5

“Gary Jones, 52 year old local resident was found dead in his home late Monday evening. His home reduced to rubble. Investigators are still looking into the death and have yet to say what the cause was,” A woman on the news spoke into her microphone as she stood in front of what was left of Jones’ house. Nearly the entire area was striped with caution tape, and littered with crime markers that identified evidence that they found to be significant. “Friends and family are still grieving over the sudden loss,” the scene switched to police searching the area momentarily before switching to a woman – most likely a friend or acquaintance of Jones. 
“I just want to know why he was taken from us so soon,” the woman sobbed. She raised a hand to wipe forming tears from her eyes as she looked away from the woman interviewing her. She shook her head, frowning. “I hope they find out what happened.”
The scene switched from the sobbing woman, to another man, who, from Saphora’s memory of Jones, looked very similar to him. He was a very gruff-looking man, with a beard that was a little more pronounced than Jones’. He was taller, but had the same ways about him as Jones. Hard-assed, straight forward, and quick to react.
“Well yeah, Jones had some enemies. But shit, his house? Someone really must have had a grudge against ‘em,” he said with a shake of his head as he lifted his cap momentarily. 
The scene came back to the reporter, standing in front of the rubble, with police working behind her. There was a slight pause between the camera’s switching, and her speaking again. 
“Grieving indeed. Police have found someone they believe to be a witness to the event, and are going further their investigation with them. We will keep you informed with any updates on the investigation. Yuki Uzumaki, channel 17. Eye-witness news. Back to you, Richard.”



	In the fluorescently lit interrogation room, Saphora’s eyes constantly readjusted to the slightly flickering lights above her. There was a constant buzzing from them. The room reeked of metal and corruption. She waited there, alone, in a wooden chair before a low steel table. There was a single chair on the other side, though she was almost certain that there would be more than one entering the room to speak to her. The one that sat would play the role as the “good cop”. While the one that stood in the dimly lit corner of the room, no doubt with arms and legs crossed, would have the burden of being the bad. She waited patiently with her hands in her lap, careful not to touch anything. She had watched enough television to know the process that was about to take place. 
She heard mumbling from outside the door. It was Dr. Lupin, speaking with the men that would be entering with him. Fran had insisted that the doctor be present during the investigation to discuss his assessment. Lupin had explained to the officers that Saphora’s mental condition was questionable, and had given a brief explanation of what he thought to have happened. But of course, the police still wanted to have their own conversation with her. Their own psychologist was standing outside the room, behind the two-way glass. 
It wasn’t long before the three men entered the room. Dr. Lupin entering first, and the two officers following behind him. The first officer took a seat across from Saphora, while the second officer stepped forward and placed a glass of water on the table in front of her. He stayed bent for a moment, making eye contact with her before leaning back up, and going to lean against the wall behind his fellow officer. Dr. Lupin came around behind Saphora, and dragged a chair from the corner. 
“Hello. Saphora, right?” the man in front of her asked, more than greeted. Saphora nodded her answer, glancing at his, and then his co-worker’s face. Studying their expressions.  The one seated, seemed to be comfortably confident. While, the one in far end of the room seemed to be strikingly observant in his stillness. 
“Hello,” she answered back, looking to her side at Dr. Lupin. “Where’s Fran?” she asked, in a low voice. Seeing as though she wasn’t in the room with them, she assumed that she was on the other side of the two-way glass. 
“In the other room, don’t worry,” he answered, with about the same level of volume as his voice could produce. Saphora lifted her chin some in acknowledgement, knowing that that most likely meant that she was in the room watching from behind the two-way glass.
“And why are you here? I fired you.”
Lupin cleared his throat, and chuckled a bit, shifting in his chair uncomfortably as the seated officer spread out some papers on the table.
“Maybe right now isn’t the best time to talk about that,” he suggested, adjusting his glasses on the bridge of his nose. 
“Yes, maybe now isn’t the best time to talk about that, seeing as though he’s here to defend you,” the man sitting in front of them said, looking up with a grin once he had settled the papers. There was a slight silence between them before Saphora shook her head.
“I don’t need a defense. I’m not guilty of anything.”
“Other than stealing Jones’ truck, of course,” he cut in, rather sharply. Saphora’s speech was cut short and she stared at the man, unsure of what to say as a response. She hadn’t realized until that moment that she could very well be charged for taking the truck, even if it was to save her life. 
“I was …”
“Borrowing it?” the man asked with a smile. Saphora’s eyes narrowed.
“I had to.”
“Of course. Well. We’ll get to that in a bit,” he said with an intake of air as he folded his hands on top of the table. His large watch clanged against the metal, and made Saphora’s ears ring. “I’m Officer Roland. And this behind me is Officer Glover. We’re going to be handling your case.”
“Don’t you mean Gary Jones’ case?” Saphora interrupted. Roland paused, and their eyes met. He smirked.
“Right. Jones’ case. You’re a witness. And until further notice, a suspect.”
Saphora was silent as his words sunk in. She glanced up at Glover, who still had not moved. Not even to acknowledge his name when it was spoken. He was playing his part well. She huffed, not wanting to say anything further. She was innocent, so theoretically she had no reason to be hostile. But really, she had every reason to. 
“So, Fran. She’s your mother?”
“No.”
“Then what is she?” Roland asked, with a shrug of his hand as he looked over at Lupin. He was quick to answer.
“She’s her caretaker.” 
“Caretaker,” Roland repeated. 
“Yes,” Lupin said with a bit of hesitation, as he thought of how to word his next sentence. But Saphora took the task from him, and explained it herself. 
“She found me. Took me in. Cared for me.” 
“Found you where?”
Saphora hesitated, suddenly uncomfortable with sharing information. She looked at Lupin, who took the hint that she didn’t want to go into detail herself and was about to step in, but Saphora surprised him when she continued.
“What does that have to doing with anything?” Saphora spoke up. Again, there was a silence in the room, and they could practically feel the atmosphere amongst them become dense. Roland tilted his head, looking from the doctor to Saphora, a slight squint in his eyes. 
“Not much, I suppose … You seem a bit tense. Why don’t you drink some water?” he suggested, leaning back in his chair and giving a warming smile. A distraction. Saphora knew what the glass of water was for. She looked down at it, then back up at the two silent officers.
“If you want my fingerprints, you should just ask,” she said bluntly, catching everyone off guard. Roland’s brows shot up and Lupin’s hand went to cover his face.
“Your fingerprints?” Roland asked.
“If you were really so considerate, you would have brought a glass of water for my therapist as well. I’m no stranger to television, Mr. Roland,” she continued.
A low snicker could be heard from Glover in the back, which caused Roland’s pride to take small plummet. He sprang forward in his seat, feeling his intelligence being questioned, and placed his arms on the table – his watch clanging again. His eyes locked on hers, but she stayed unmoving. She had faced the man from her nightmares. She wasn’t about to be fearful of Roland.
“Well aren’t you smart? Smart enough to kill a man,” he accused. Saphora frowned, and Glover stepped up, placing a warning hand on Roland’s shoulder. It seemed like she had gotten their rolls switched. 
“Roland,” Glover said in a gruff voice. Roland nodded, and waved his hand at his partner, composing himself.
“What? I’m complimenting her,” he said with a chuckle, trying to come off a bit friendlier. But Saphora saw through that. He wanted nothing more than to pin her for the death of Gary Jones and be able to close their case in record timing. But that wasn’t going to happen. His partner, Glover, probably knew this, and was trying to keep Roland aware of his senses. Roland looked up at the unimpressed Saphora, and then to Dr. Lupin. 
“So, Doctor. There anything you want to tell us about Saphora?” Roland asked as Glover’s hand left his shoulder. Lupin looked away from Saphora and towards the officers when he was mentioned, and straightened his posture.
“Ah, well,” he began. Saphora’s heart picked up as she looked at Lupin. 
“You can’t.” Saphora broke in. Lupin flinched a bit from her sudden volume and looked down at her. He searched her for some reason for her interruption.
“You can’t talk about the sessions. They’re confidential,” she said looking at Roland immediately after. Roland watched in amusement, which both irked and encouraged her. “You should know that. What kind of officer are you?” she mocked, wiping his grin clean off. She turned back to Lupin as Roland raised his hand to defend himself. “If you talk about our sessions, I’ll be sure Fran fires you. And that you never have another patient again.” 
Lupin cleared his throat and grimaced, offended that his professionalism was being doubted so freely. He adjusted his glasses once again. 
“Saphora, please. Do you think I would be so foolish as to do something like that?” he asked her, shaking his head. “Honestly.” 
“You were pretty quick to refuse that, though. Any reason why? Afraid he’ll talk about some hidden desire for violence that you might have?” Roland suggested, crossing his arms and leaning back into his chair. Saphora’s gaze narrowed at the man that she had begun to detest. 
“No. But maybe a lifelong hatred for close-minded, air-headed, first-year policemen,” she jabbed. Roland’s lips curled tightly in agitation, as did his left hand. Glover’s hand found Roland’s shoulder once again. 
“Saphora,” Lupin said under his breath, much like Fran would do. She acknowledged the tone, and held herself back from saying anything else. Lupin sheepishly looked up at the two officers, and attempted to follow through with Roland’s request.
“She’s been coming to me for about three years for amnesia.”
“Amnesia! How do we know that she didn’t just commit the murder and forget?” Roland accused. Saphora’s eyes snapped to his, but before she could speak up, Glover stepped in, pulling Roland up by his arm.
“Roland. Take a walk.”
Roland didn’t argue. He knew he needed one. Not giving Saphora another glance, he walked out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Glover groaned as he exhaled and took Roland’s seat.
“Sorry about that,” he said on behalf of his partner. Saphora neither accepted nor ignored it. Merely took it as it was. “Go on, Doctor,” Glover insisted. 
“Well … As I said, Saphora has been coming to see me for a little over three years. For Amnesia,” he explained, with a small gesture of his hand.
“And when did the amnesia start?”
“Our records say since Fran – her caretaker found her.” Lupin glanced over at the still Saphora, who was carefully watching the door to the room. “Right, Saphora?”
“Mhm,” she said very tight lipped. She wasn’t very fond of her personal information being shared with others. And although that information was more medical than psychological, she still wanted only the minimal being shared, if not nothing at all.
“Does she remember that day? That she met Fran.”
“Yes, she does.” 
Glover nodded.
“Mhm … Has there been any attempt to find her parents?” he asked, folding his hands atop the table. Saphora’s eyes narrowed in the door’s direction. She hated conversations like this. She hated being talked about like she wasn’t in the room. Like she was just some file being gone over.
“Uh, yes, but,” Lupin began, giving a side glance to Saphora. Her expression was hard, and he knew that this was a not a topic that should be pressed. Glover’s brow’s raised as he waited for the answer to the question. “No leads were ever found,” he said, trying to put it as delicately as possibly. Saphora inhaled a long breath. 
“Are they dead?” Glover asked flatly.
Lupin’s mouth fell agape at the boldness of his question, while Saphora frowned. This was not a topic that she wanted to discuss. Nor was it on that she thought had any reason to be discussed. She had done a very good job over the years distracting herself from the mystery of her parents. Where they were, if they were looking for her, and if they weren’t, wondering why they weren’t. And then there was the question that was just brought up. What if they were dead? Saphora didn’t like to think about it. Though she told herself that she was fine without her parents, she liked to think that she might one day get to meet them to at least let them know that she was alright.
“What’s the matter with you?” she spat, her eyes now locked on Glover.
“Saphora,” Lupin pleaded, even though he understood where her frustration was coming from with such a topic being handled so carelessly. Glover turned to look at her, obviously not seeing where he had gone wrong.
“Excuse me?”
“You’re not excused. What the hell is your problem? Don’t you see me sitting here? And you’re going to talk about my parents like I’m not even here?” she said with a glare. Glover’s eyes widened in his realization and he quickly went to apologize.
“Oh, god. I’m sorry. I didn’t know that I-“
“What you were thinking. I know. It’s apparent that neither of you have any idea what you’re doing. None of the questions you’ve asked have anything to do with what happened to that man. So why don’t we get some people in here who actually know how to talk to another human being?” she raged, her patience having been worn. Both Glover and Lupin were silent after her rant. And it wasn’t long after that an intercom for the room came on.
“Glover. Come out here for a moment,” A woman’s voice said, filling the room with echoes. Lupin and Saphora looked around the room, before their eyes found the two-way window. Glover sighed, lowering his head for a moment.
“Damn,” he grumbled, shaking his head and pushing off of his knees to stand up. “Sorry guys,” he said, before calmly turning around and heading out of the room. They sat there, listening to the mumbling on the other side of the door.
“I’m sorry about that, Saphora,” Lupin said, with a voice that actually sounded sincere. Saphora shook her head, looking away from him. 
“He should have known better.”
There was an awkward silence between them as they waited for someone to enter the room. About two minutes later, a woman entered. She closed the door behind her, and swiftly made her way to the seat in front of the table. Once seated, she smiled up at the two.
“Hello. I’m Officer Johnson,” she said. Saphora half nodded her head, not looking the woman in her face. 
“Third time’s the charm.” Saphora said under her breath. She was tired of this place already. She wanted to go out, and talk to Fran. Johnson looked at Saphora skeptically, but then eased her expression, remembering what she had just been put through with Roland and Glover.
“I’m sorry about them.” Johnson said, getting Saphora to look towards her. “I’m here to get it right, okay?” She was already doing it wrong – speaking to Saphora like a child. Saphora stayed silent. And when some time had gone by without her saying anything, Johnson cleared her throat and nodded, looking down at the papers in front of them.
“Okay. Well, why don’t you tell me what happened on Monday?”
“You’re asking me?”
“Of course. You’re the witness, aren’t you?” she said with a gesture of her hand. Saphora’s brows rose in somewhat of a surprise. 
“Oh. Well …” she sighed, averting her eyes momentarily while she tried to remember that day. It was now Thursday.  “I left Dr. Lupin’s office after our session and decided to go to the woods - because I like to climb trees,” she began. 
“Interesting choice for a pass time.”
“I was climbing a tree, and fell out, because it fell.”
“Wait, what? What fell?”
“The tree.”
“The tree fell? How did it fall?”
“I don’t know. But I felt it falling, and made the decision to jump from it. I don’t know how it fell. You can check. I can show you where it was.”
“That’d be helpful. Thank you.”
Saphora shrugged to say she was welcome, and she continued with her questions.
“So what happened after you fell? After the tree fell?”
Saphora hesitated, looking over at Lupin. He nodded and signaled for her that is was okay for her to tell Johnson what had happened. But Saphora knew that she wouldn’t believe her. And yet, it was the only story she had to tell. 
“I … saw a man,” she continued, looking back at Johnson, who was still closely watching her.
“Who was the man?”
“He said he was my hunter. He had a gun,” Saphora said, suddenly with an urge to defend herself. Johnson paused, looking over at Lupin for verification. Lupin nodded.
“She calls him Tebias. He, from what Saphora told us, is the man from the night she remembers. The man who was trying to kidnap her. Or harm her in some way.”
Johnson gave a nod, glancing back and forth from Lupin and Saphora.
“I see. And where did this man come from?”
“Well, I believe that she may have been hallucinating. With her so eager to remember her past, but only having the terrifying image of this man … It’s possible that she could have hit her head when falling from the tree. The trauma could have caused her to hallucinate, and see this man. And instead of remembering the past, create a present based on her memory instead.”
Saphora grumbled at the reasonable logic.
“But what about Jones? Surely she would have seen two people, instead of mistaking Jones.”
“Not necessarily. Saphora told Fran that she was hit by Jones’ truck. And that he took her back to her house, where she stayed until she recovered consciousness. I think that because there was a lapse in vision, she could have mistaken Jones and his gun, for Tebias’ and his. Especially after being hit – no matter the speed he was going.”
Johnson nodded, agreeing with the thought and leaning back to cross her legs. 
“Yes, but that doesn’t explain the house.”
“Yes. I had been doing some thinking about that myself. I thought, maybe it was possible that Jones, during Saphora’s distraught actions, could have misfired and offset some sort of support beam in the house. Or something similar anyway. Which could have caused the house to collapse. It’s to my understanding that it was rather old.”
“And how did Saphora here manage to escape?”
Lupin shrugged, resting his hands in his lap.
“Luck of the fall, I suppose. Maybe she was spared by a window. I can’t say. Though she was pretty banged up by the time she reached her house. You can still see some of that. It’s possible the house did fall on her. But in a way that allowed her to escape.” 
Johnson stayed silent as she thought about the theory presented before her. It made sense, yes, but then what would she do about the case? Write it off as an accident? It would save a lot of paper work, yes, but a story like this getting to the public as an explanation? What would be the response? Johnson didn’t think it would blow over so easily. The extended amount of silence made Saphora speak up eagerly.
“Are we done here?” she asked, tired of feeling like an experiment. Johnson looked up at Saphora. “I’m getting a headache.”
That made Lupin remember something. It was apparent by his sudden change in body language. He raised his hand as if to say “aha”, before reaching down to pick up his briefcase. Saphora watched somewhat annoyed, seeing as though he was delaying her leaving. He came back up, and, rather loudly, placed a full bottle of prescription medication on the table. Saphora’s eyes widened. It was the medication he had prescribed to her. And more specifically, the medication she had hid in the bathroom, and never took.
“Another thing to add to your notes, Officer Johnson. This,” Lupin said, gesturing to the bottle on the table. “Is medication prescribed to Saphora for those headaches.” He looked at Saphora, who was nervously averting her eyes. “Medication that, this just being brought to my attention, she has not been taking. Let that be in the records as well.”
“I see. Any reason for that, Saphora?”
“I don’t like medication,” she said dryly. She kept her eyes away from the obviously disappointed Dr. Lupin. She could only imagine what he was thinking about the fact that she had been lying to him for nearly three years. That alone could have gave way to the fact that she really might have been unstable due to the lack of medication that was supposed to be helping her.
“Why not?” Johnson asked, tilting her head to the side. Their eyes met. She was tired of being questioned. 
“Because the last time I was given something that was supposedly for my own good, I couldn’t remember anything properly for nearly twelve hours,” she spat. Lupin cleared his throat, turning his head away from them. Johnson’s eyes followed him as Saphora spoke up again. “Are we done? My head is killing me. I want to go home. Bring Fran in here.” Johnson cleared her throat and gestured to the bottle of pills.
“Well – I guess we can wrap up for now. And we can contact you tomorrow about showing us where the tree-“
“Good. We’ll be going now. Fran?” she called out, standing up. Lupin grumbled at her behavior and stood up as well as Saphora went to open the door.
“Saphora,” Lupin said in a gruff tone, bending down to pick up his suitcase while reaching over the table to take the bottle of pills. He hurried after her, trying to get to her before she could get to the other room. But he was a moment too late. Saphora swung open the door, and then opened the door immediately to her right. Roland and Glover were in the room, turning towards her a bit surprised at her sudden intrusion. And there was another woman there, holding a clip board and a pen. She was taking notes. A therapist, she thought. She glared, as she realized that she was being evaluated. But she looked past that for the moment, as she looked around the small room for Fran. When she did not see her, her chest heaved. Dr. Lupin walked up to the doorway shortly after. She turned to look at him for a moment, then back into the room at Glover. Roland was still looking at her with distaste. 
“Where’s Fran? In the bathroom?” she asked. The group remained silent, and looked over at Lupin, who was hesitating to speak. Instead, the woman spoke up.
“Sh-She’s not here.”
Saphora looked back at the woman, a little ticked that she, of all people was answering for the group. 
“What do you mean she’s not here? Lupin, where’s Fran?”
“Saphora – she’s at work. She couldn’t be here,” he answered with guilt. Saphora scoffed, turning her body to look at him.
“Seriously? So you lie to me. Did she tell you to lie?”
“She had to work, Saphora. It’s not like she-“
“No. It is like she. It’s like she lied to me and left me to deal with you, again!” Saphora somewhat raged as her arm went into the air. She turned out of the room and began rushing down the bare hallway.
“Saphora!” Lupin called after her as he shuffled through the hall behind her. Johnson came to the doorway to watch them go down the hall towards the main lobby of the building. She shook her head as she crossed her arms, looking at the angered body language of Saphora. She turned her head towards the psychologist, her vision never leaving the pair going down the hall.
“So what’s your evaluation, Kelly?”
“Definitely checks out,” she said, gripping her clipboard, still a bit shaken up by Saphora’s little outbreak. Johnson chuckled, shaking her head. 

“Saphora? Saphora, honestly!” Lupin said, reaching out to take hold of Saphora’s arm. She spun around, ripping her arm from his grasp and facing him. 
“I told you not to touch me,” she snapped. Lupin groaned, looking around at surrounding officers that had begun to slow down to look at them. They were in front of the front doors to the building. Lupin’s body tensed as he realized that if she were to make a scene that things may not end so well.
“Saphora, lower your voice. Now just wait a minute. We still haven’t properly looked at your back,” he said, trying to reason with her. 
But she was done. She wanted to rush over to the zoo as fast as public transportation would carry her, and give Fran a piece of her mind. What the hell was she thinking, not being here with her during something like this? Where practically everything about her was being questioned. She needed more than anything someone that would be there to defend her and who she was. Dr. Lupin was not that person, regardless of what he said. She didn’t believe that he was there to defend her. But to instead make his profession shine, and show his skill of understanding his patients – of understanding her. 
“I don’t care. I still have to deal with you tomorrow. Look at it then,” she said, turning back around to walk out of the door. But Lupin reached out to grab her arm once again. She grunted and ripped her arm from him once again, gaining the attention of a few more officers. 
“Let, go! I said no! God, why are you still even talking to me? You’re done. They believe you,” she argued. An officer walked over, eyeing Lupin closely. He took a step away from her in response, not wanting to make things look any worse than they already did. 
“Is there a problem here?” the officer asked, crossing his arms as he approached them. Lupin shook his head and raised his hand to try to talk to the man, assuring him that there was nothing going on that would concern him.
“No, I’m her-“
“Yes. Yes there’s a problem here. Tell him to leave me alone,” she argued. Lupin shook his head and laughed nervously as the officer’s gaze narrowed in on Lupin skeptically. He raised his hand to hold off his speech so that he could get a few more words in to defend himself.
“Officer, I’m her therapist. We just got out of interrogation and she’s not feeling well.”
That made Saphora fume. Questioning her sanity for that situation was one thing. But to tie in her general annoyance, especially with him, as a flawed mental state was too much. 
“I am feeling fine,” she practically growled. 
There was a flickering of the lights in the office, making all but Saphora, who seemed to be oblivious to it, look up. A sudden breeze swept through the lobby of the building, disturbing stacks of papers and alarming several employees. 
“I’m just tired of you. So if you don’t mind, I’m going to go to Fran, and find out what the hell her problem is,” she argued. Lupin remained quiet, actually feeling a tremor of fear from her building anger. The officer was staring at Saphora, wondering if he had chosen the right thing by walking over. He was no stranger to a woman’s wrath, and he took some quick glances around the Lobby to see who was around in case he had to call for backup. Before Saphora could get the front door fully open, there was a call from the lobby, making her groan and press her forehead against the glass of the door.
“Wait!” Johnson called out, dashing down the open space of the lobby, with Roland and Glover following casually behind her. 
Reluctantly, Saphora turned around to meet her, looking past Lupin and the unknown officer. She needn’t say anything; her facial expression gave full understanding of how she felt about being stopped yet again.
“She works at the zoo, right? Fran?” Johnson asked, coming to a stop among the group. Saphora merely stared, giving her answer. “Well it’s a long way. Let us give you a ride,” she offered. Saphora scoffed.
“Why? So I can look like a criminal?”
Johnson laughed, crossing her arms.
“No, of course not. It’ll be our personal car. Roland! Give Saphora a ride to the zoo.”
Saphora scoffed again, shaking her head and looking away as she put a foot out the door. 
“I think I’d rather walk, thanks.” 
Roland walked up to the group, looking down at Saphora with a cocky grin. His hands found his hips, echoing his overly confident attitude.
“Come on, I’m not gonna bite you. That’s like a two hour walk!” 
Saphora sighed. He was right. By the time she had gotten to the zoo on foot, Fran’s shift would have been over. It was already 3pm. And she still couldn’t fly. And it made her feel helpless. Not being able to use her ability due to fear – to paranoia. She groaned, looking up at the grinning Roland, and rolling her eyes.
“Fine,” she complied, pushing the door open and walking out of the lobby. Roland jerked forward to catch the closing door behind her, following her out in front of the building. 
“Whoa, hey, wait for me! Geez,” he said with a laugh, shaking his head. Johnson and Glover chuckled behind them.
“Good luck,” Glover snickered, crossing his arms.
“Yeah, he’s gonna need it,” Johnson agreed. 




“So, uh, how old are you?” Roland asked, giving quick glances over at Saphora as he drove along the highway. One hand was gripping the steering wheel, while the other was on the stick shift. Saphora stayed quiet as she stared out the window at the passing trees along the side of the road. A few moments went by before Roland cleared his throat and tried again.
“Hello. Anybody there?” he asked a bit mockingly. Saphora sighed, and grudgingly turned her head so that she could look at him. He glanced over at her again, this time looking a bit longer after seeing that she was actually giving him her attention. They had been driving for about ten minutes in silence. “Oh hello! I was beginning to think you were dead,” he chuckled. Saphora rolled her eyes, turning away from him to return her gaze towards the window.
“You must think I’m young,” she scoffed.
“Yeah? And what makes you say that?” he asked, shifting gears.
“Talking to me like I’m a child,” she said, somewhat mumbling. There was a slight pause before Roland’s next words.
“It’s called sarcasm. And you don’t have to be a child to get it.” He glanced over at her turned head. “Just stuck up,” he mumbled. Saphora blinked, and turned again, her head in somewhat of a tilt.
“Excuse me?”
“Look, all I asked you was how old you were.”
“You also accused me of being a murderer.”
Another awkward silence. 
“Okay, I’ll give you that,” he said, nodding. Saphora shook her head, looking back out the window.
“Gee, thanks.”
“So are you going to answer my question?”
“I’m in my twenties.” 
“You’re not going to give me a number?” he asked, as he switched lanes, coming closer to the exit that he needed to get off at in order to get to the zoo properly. Saphora groaned.
“I don’t know a number. I can’t remember my birthday, or what year I was born. Fran thinks she found me when I was around the age of seven, okay?” she said, leaning her forehead against the palm of her hand. 
“Oh …” He nodded, shifting gears again as he slowed down to make way for the exit. “So that would make Fran what, like, mid-thirties? Early forty?”
Saphora spazzed as she started to reach for the lock on the car door. She’d had enough of Roland. Figuring she could walk the rest of the distance to the zoo. She couldn’t believe the insensitivity of this man. Not only was this man pressing on her nerves, but he had the profound stupidity to think that the age Fran found Saphora had anything to do with her own. Her nerves were wearing thin. She pulled the lock free on the door, causing Roland to become alarmed. He jerked his head towards her, as the car swerved in his shock. She moved to open the door, but Roland reached over and took hold of her hand as he began to pull the car over.
“Hey! What the fuck are you doing?!” he shouted, trying to keep her hand away from the door. She grunted, trying to jerk her hand away from him. In the process, her subconscious awakened her power. Her rage fueling her power to forcefully swing the car over to the side of the road, as her hand snatched away from Roland. He screamed, as an angry truck driver honked their horn. They both lunged to the left against their seatbelts. Roland scrambled to get his hands back on the steering wheel to steady the car. Once it stopped wobbling, he looked around frantically, trying to piece together some logic of what just happened. 
“Did you feel that? The fuck was that? Wind?” he said, as his head swiveled around in bewilderment. Horror fell over Saphora as she gripped onto the car door for dear life. Her head spun with the dying motions of the car. Was it happening again? She didn’t want to believe it. She didn’t want to think of that day again – believe what had happened. She stared at her trembling hands, balling them into fists before scrambling to unbuckle her seat belt. Roland watched her as if she’d gone mad. 
“What are you doing? What – wait, wait!” Roland shouted as Saphora opened the door to the car and pushed herself out. She stumbled when she did, but continued to walk forward a few steps before stopping and getting a feel for where she was. Roland turned off the car and opened his door, stepping out and turning around to yell at Saphora, who was trying to remember which way to go after walking past the exit. 
“Are you mad? Get back in here! There could be another gust of wind!” he shouted at her as he looked around to see if there was some explanation in the clouds above. Saphora turned around, glaring at Roland.
“Yes. I’m furious, thank you for asking. I’m walking the rest of the way to the zoo. Just go back to your job.”
“What – If I left you to walk all the way there I wouldn’t be doing my job. Get back in the car!” he shouted, reaching his hand out to her. She scowled.
“I don’t need some wannabe cop who’s trying to get with the caretaker of a woman he just recently accused of murder, driving me around like I’m some sort of helpless child!” she said, beginning to walk off towards the exit. Roland jolted forward around the car towards her, but stopped when she turned around to face him again.
“Okay, okay. Look – I’m sorry. Please? Just get back in the car okay? I won’t talk to you the rest of the way if you just get back in the car.”
“No. You just want to meet Fran. And I’m not going to let her talk to some pretentious snobby little-“
“Whoa! You have got some serious anger management issues. Geez – I – Look. I just don’t want you to get hurt with this crazy weather. Will you please just get in the car? I won’t even get out when I drop you off. I swear,” he pleaded, taking a step towards her. 
She groaned, knowing that she wouldn’t be able to tell him why the car swung over the way it did. And maybe, she thought, that if he didn’t speak to her for the rest of the ride, or speak to Fran when they arrived at the zoo, that it wouldn’t be that unbearable. Looking around, she tried to make a quick decision, feeling her temple pulse. 
“Yes? Okay? Please?” he asked, gesturing to the car. 
Saphora glared in his direction, the gaze landed on the car. She didn’t answer, but she walked to the car, sure to stay clear of Roland. He sighed in relief, dropping his arms and groaning. He shook his head, grumbling under his breath as he followed opposite her to get into the driver’s side. 
“What the hell was I thinking?” 



“Do you think this is going to be big enough?” Fran asked Brad as she helped him carry a large boulder into the new exhibit that was being built. He chuckled, shrugging his shoulders slightly as he backed into the exhibit’s entrance and guided Fran towards an area near a tree for the location of the boulder. 
“Well, it is a pretty big bolder,” he said teasingly. Fran laughed and rolled her eyes as they set it down by the tree. They groaned as the weight was lowered and Fran stretched her back before leaning against the tree’s trunk. 
“The exhibit, Brad,” she clarified, even though she knew that he knew what she meant. 
He smiled, leaning forward and resting his hands on his knees. He looked around the exhibit. It was the largest exhibit that had ever been built at their zoo, and one of the largest in the world. It took up seven stories, and was nearly as wide as the entire building. It was big enough for a small river, and had trees that nearly reached the ceiling. There were wall-length windows on each floor that the exhibit covered, and plaques of information on the species that was being moved in the next week or so. 
“Hell I hope so. Look at this place. I mean, geez. Why didn’t they just put it in an exhibit that was outside if they needed this much space?” he said, standing straight again and continuing to look around. Fran’s eyes followed his as she thought about it and shrugged.
“They said because it’s such a rare species, they didn’t want it being overwhelmed with the crowds of people. At least in here it’s limited to the glass, I guess,” she said as she crossed her arms, leaning more flatly against the tree. Brad grumbled, looking back at Fran. 
“I guess. Is it really the last of its kind? I’m surprised they’d let a rundown town like ours have it.” 
“We are not rundown. I heard the owner spent his life savings on getting this thing. He thinks it’s going to up the business around here.”
“I hope it does. We already had to sell all of the winter animals. The kids were devastated.” 
“I know. I almost cried with them when they asked about the polar bears,” Fran said, putting her hand on her heart dramatically. Brad laughed, shaking his head.
“Don’t use the kids as an excuse. You were going to cry anyway,” Brad teased. Fran pushed his arm as they laughed.
“Oh come on. You can’t blame me. They were so cute! I’m going to miss them. You can’t tell me you’re not going to miss them,” she said, her hands now on her hips. 
“Yeah well, I guess so,” he said, looking up and around the exhibit again. And as he did, something caught his eye. Someone, specifically. He had thought he saw Saphora standing on the first floor of the building, looking into the exhibit to watch them. “Hey, speaking of kids … Isn’t that yours?” he asked, pointing a finger up at her from his folded arms. Fran tilted her head, ready to deny the claim, thinking that she was still in interrogation. But when she looked up, she was shocked to see Saphora looking down at them, looking anything but happy. They shared a tense eye contact that shared both Saphora rage, and Fran’s apologetic plea. 
Fran had thought that Saphora would be with the police long enough to get to the station and catch the end of the interrogation. She couldn’t miss another day of work, so she made the risky decision to catch up. She had asked Dr. Lupin to cover for her until she got there. But seeing Saphora staring back at her, it was obvious that he wasn’t able to do that. She swore under her breath and dashed toward the entrance to the exhibit. Brad flinched and stammered as he looked from her to the still staring Saphora. 
“What – Fran? H-Hey!” he shouted, following after her. 
Fran continued though, not stopping when she rushed past the food cellar and up the stairs towards the first floor of the building. Brad was quickly catching up, and was still trying to get her to talk to him about what was happening. 
“Fran? What’s wrong? She’s fine!” he said, trying to get her to slow down. 
But she was frantic. She was already near tears at the thought of having Saphora disappointed in her again. But what would she tell her? That she had to work? Saphora wouldn’t go for that. She doubted that she would even speak to her. And if she did, it would be nothing but slurred screaming - or broken phrases. 
“No … No, no. I messed up. She’s mad at me,” she said, shaking her head as they rounded the corner to the next flight of stairs. It wasn’t much longer before they were coming out of the staircase to the floor. Fran immediately started running to where she had seen Saphora, trying to think of what she would say to her when she got there. There wasn’t much that she could think of, but she would at least try. But to Fran’s dismay, when she reached the display glass, Saphora wasn’t there. Not a sign of her. Fran slowed to a stop, and started looking around. Brad caught his breath as he came up behind her.
“Where’d she go?” he asked, looking around with her as they both gasped for air. 
Fran plunged her fingers against her hairline in frustration as she spun around, still searching. Her eyes moving faster than her body. 
“Shit,” she cursed under her breath.

Chapter 6

“Alright man, you okay with locking up the shop tonight?” Jared asked Maverick as he walked into the kitchen to grab his coat from the hooks on the wall. Maverick nodded, seemingly to no one as he turned off the coffee machine after finishing the last batch. He arched his back, waiting for the crack as he took a step back and leaned on the sink’s counter.
“Yes, Jared. For the hundredth time. It’s not like this is my first time closing up the shop,” he called back to him, crossing his arms and looking around the near empty shop. 
There were only a few people, once again, in the local café. An old couple towards the front, a middle-aged man off to the wall towards the back, and two women sitting three booths behind the couple. It was always slow on Thursday evenings. Jared came back out from the push doors of the kitchen with his jacket on. He was adjusting it onto his shoulders as he laughed, coming around to the front of the counter to talk to Maverick. He leaned on the counter, lowering his voice and glancing around as if he was about to share a secret. 
“Yeah, but it’s the first night closing with you know who,” he chuckled, hinting his eyes towards the back at the humming Liz. 
She was finishing up with washing the dishes. Headphones in. Attention off. Maverick glanced through the cut-out window at the back of Liz’s head. Even from behind the counter, Maverick could hear the sound of her popping her bubblegum. He rolled his eyes, and turned back to look at the smiling Jared.
“Oh shut up, you ass.” 
“Whatever you say, man. You know she’s got the hots for you, right? You gotta hit that.”
“I’m pretty sure you already did. No thanks,” he scoffed, crossing one leg over the other. Jared rolled his eyes and pushed himself up from the counter.
“Oh come on, Mav. We were drunk. It wasn’t like we were dating,” he said in a poor defense. Maverick nodded, frowning.
“That’s the point, Jared.” 
“You need to let go of some of your standards, man. When was the last time you had a girlfriend?” 
Maverick groaned, pushing himself off of the counter and walking away from the conversation.
“Goodnight, Jared.”
Jared laughed, picking his bag up off of the floor and slinging it over his shoulder. He gave a shrug and turned his shoulder to Maverick.
“Have fun,” Jared teased as he left the café. Maverick didn’t dignify his jab with a response. Just shook his head and turned around towards the sink. And when he did, he was startled by the appearance of Liz, leaning in the cut of the window between the kitchen and front counter. He flinched before his body tensed and backed away from the sink to lean on the counter opposite to it. He threw his head back and sighed, as Liz popped her bubblegum and smiled.
“Christ, Liz. Are you trying to kill me?” he said, correcting the posture of his neck. Liz tucked a blonde lock behind her ear and rested her cheek against her arm.
“Now why would I do that?” she asked playfully.
“Well because you just popped out of nowhere. Could have given me a heart attack, you know,” he said, turning around to see if there were any customers coming in. It was around seven in the evening and the café would be closing at eight thirty. Liz pouted, lifting up from the window and coming out of the kitchen to join Maverick behind the counter. 
“Lighten up, Mav. God. You’re so tense,” she whined, reaching over his shoulders to grab them and press her fingers into his muscles. But his body tensed, and he moved away from her hands, turning his head slightly to look at her. The two women that were sitting by the door could be heard giggling. He didn’t look at them to see what they were laughing about, but he automatically thought it was at him. At them. 
“What are you doing?” he asked, reaching behind him and rubbing his own shoulder. She shrugged, crossing her arms.
“Well, I was going to give you a massage. But you obviously don’t want me to,” she said, looking around the shop. Maverick paused, before moving past her to get back to the sink. He shook his head, reaching into his apron to get the rag he used for wiping down the tables. Turning on the faucet, he held the rag under the warm water to soak it.
“We’re at work, Liz.”
“Only for the next like, hour.”
“Still work,” he grumbled.
Liz moved closer to him, leaning against the counter and crossing her arms. A small grin snuck onto her lips as she turned her head to watch him. 
“So … Does that mean I can give you a massage after work?” 
Maverick paused as he turned off the faucet, looking at Liz. Jared was right. Liz really was out there. And Maverick wasn’t about to encourage it. Their eyes met for a few moments before Liz’s flirtatious expression faded into that of a sheepish wonder.
“Sorry … What’s with you, anyway? You’ve been weird since that crazy girl showed up that day.”
Maverick rang out the rag with a firm hand, as he grumbled.
“She wasn’t crazy, Liz. She obviously needed help.”
“I’ll say.” 
Maverick sighed, and rested his hands on the counter’s edge, looking at Liz with narrowed eyes.
“You know what I mean, Liz.”
“Sure I do,” she mumbled, looking up at him. He continued to stare, his gaze not softening. Liz groaned and threw her hands up, pushing herself off of the counter and leaving from behind it. Practically storming, she went back into the kitchen. “Sorry, geez!” she scowled, spitting out her bubblegum into a waste basket as she past the doors into the kitchen. Maverick shook his head, slapping the rag against the counter and turning around to the giggling women. Their giggling softened when he turned around. One waved and smiled, but Maverick looked away. 
He hadn’t been the same since he had seen Saphora that Monday afternoon. He’d been thinking about what he said to her. And how it may have insulted her. He regret it. And he wanted to speak to her again, so that he could at least apologize. She didn’t have to speak to him. But he figured if she knew he was sorry that it would make up for something. But he’d been thinking of a lot more than just apologizing. He was infatuated with her appearance. Her odd colour in hair and eyes. He had never seen anything like it. And of course, being the dweeb that he was, that was the first thing he thought to talk about, not thinking how she may have taken it. Thinking it over the past few days, he figured that she probably got comments like that all the time. And that it may have annoyed her, which would explain her almost immediate reaction to him asking. But he still would have rather bring up the topic of her oddly coloured aspects than bring up the bruises and scratches that he noticed. He was almost certain that if he had mentioned either one of those that she would have smacked him.
Maverick walked from behind the counter and mad his way to the table the middle-aged man had been seated at. The man had gone about five minutes ago, and he figured that he would start from the back and make his way to the front of the café to clean the tables. Maybe it would ease his busy mind.
About fifteen minutes into his task of wiping down the tables, Maverick was interrupted once again by Liz. Even though she had let some time pass before the next time she spoke to him, he still considered her approaching to be very persistent. Or maybe it was because he’d really rather not talk to her. She had done nothing but talk poorly about Saphora since she had left the café. And frankly, it was beginning to get on his nerves. Because not only was she judging her for what she looked like, but him as well for choosing to talk to her off the clock. 
“So, Maverick,” she began, chewing a new piece of bubblegum. “Are you, uhm, seeing anyone?” she asked, with her hands folded behind her back. Maverick paused, stopping the rotating of his hand on the surface of the mahogany table top. He blinked, a couple of times, before turning to look at her. She was grinning, her jaw working the gum in a subtle chew. His brow arched in sudden curiosity.
“Are you?” he asked in return, instead of giving her what she wanted. Her jaw stopped as her hands separated behind her back. She blinked as well, obviously caught off guard from the responding question. She hesitantly shook her head and stumbled over her words.
“I – No, I’m not, uh, seeing anyone,” she said averting her eyes. Maverick couldn’t tell if she was lying, or if she really didn’t consider sleeping with people being with them. Something told him that she didn’t take any relationship seriously. That it was always just a game to her. Liz had only been working there for about three weeks, and she had already managed to be the topic of three different rumors of sexual affairs. One of which, being with Jared, Maverick knew to be true. And, well, what did the other guys have to lie about? Maverick could only assume that he was the next target – the next challenge. 
“Oh, I thought you were,” he said, looking back down at the table to continue wiping. She took a step closer, scoffing slightly and putting her hand on her hip.
“Well, I’m not,” she said a little under the tone of her normal speaking voice. Maverick nodded, keeping his eyes from her as he finished with the table and moved to the next one. Liz’s eyes wandered over Maverick’s expression questionably as she pressed her question again. 
“So … Are you seeing anyone?”
“Hmm?” he hummed, as if the music was anywhere near loud enough for him not to hear her with her being right next to him. Her other hand found her other hip.
“Maverick,” she insisted, tilting her head so she could try to get his attention at his bent angle. And as she tilted her head back up in frustration, she frowned at what her eyes fell on next. She groaned, and Maverick held his breath, hoping that she wasn’t going to get too upset with him. But she didn’t say anything. Not for a second or two anyway. Then Maverick heard a grumbling,
“Oh great, she’s back.”
Without even fully understanding what she had said, Maverick’s posture straightened as he stood up and spun his head towards the entrance of the café. And there Saphora was, looking around the café somewhat out of breath. Maverick’s eyes, without his permission, trailed from her red rain boots, up her black skinny jeans past the boldness of her thighs and past the curving of her hips, up past her yellow zipped hoodie, to where they stayed on the pinkness of her face. Her breathing was ragged, but he could hardly notice, he was too busy noticing everything else. Especially her eyes, which he suddenly noticed to be staring into his. His chest heaved, and then stopped, trapping the breath he had been taking into his lungs. He almost choked on it, his respiratory system changed so suddenly. It only seemed to worsen when her feet started to move in his direction. The grip on the rag he held grew tighter as Liz left his side in what was most likely a mixture of fear and disgust. He took a step back when she stopped about a foot away from him. Far enough for either one of them to react to anything they didn’t like. And close enough for Maverick to catch the scent of rain and lavender. Maverick’s lungs kick started into function as their breath shared a close space. He found himself unable to utter anything other than a simple,
“Hi.” 
“My name is Saphora. I’m in my twenties. I’ve had amnesia since I was about seven years old. I just came out of an interrogation for being a suspect of a possible but not possible murder but am probably going to get cleared because my therapist has convinced them that I was hallucinating and am therefore insane. The closest thing I’ve ever had to a mother wasn’t even there to defend me because she was at her job flirting with some man. I’m still somewhat angry with you – whoever you are, for Monday. But I don’t have a diary, nor do I have any interest in getting one. And I really need someone to talk to because I don’t have anyone else to see or anywhere else to go on foot. And you said you would talk to me,” she breathed, her lungs fighting to replace the oxygen that was lost. 
Maverick’s mouth had fallen agape about half way through her speech, just from the pure shock of her speaking to him of her own free will. He blinked a few times, trying to force his brain to come up with words to respond with. There were small grunts, little pants of breath, but no noises. That is until he awkwardly forced himself to clear his throat. Saphora moved her head back some as he nodded, shoving the rag in his pocket. He had hardly even heard most of what she said, aside from her name and the general idea that she had come to talk to him. 
“Okay,” he said, sounding as if he were equally out of breath. 
Saphora half nodded, looking into his eyes to try and see if he was making fun of her. But what she saw confused her. He looked like he was in shock. Was he scared? She didn’t know. She glanced over his body language skeptically before making eye contact again.
“Okay? You’re going to talk to me?” she asked, making sure. He nodded, his blinking seemingly having stopped all together.
“I’m going to talk to you,” he repeated, almost in a trance.
Her eyes seemed to wince as he spoke, sounding like some sort of zombie. She had thought this guy was creepy before. But now, she was starting to question herself for coming to the café, and wondering just what type of guy he was. Though at the moment he seemed harmless – in a really creepy way, she did remember the Monday after noon he had tried to talk to her. Even though it didn’t end as well as he may have hoped, which was more due to the emotions she had brought to the café, the conversation had started out quite generous. She glanced around the café, and once again saw eyes on her. They weren’t as judgmental as they were curious to the situation. And as always, curious about her. There was one pair of judgmental eyes, however. And they were coming from Liz, who was standing behind the counter with her arms crossed. She was staring intensely at Saphora, and Saphora quickly averted her eyes when meeting with hers. 
“Can … you not talk to me here?” Saphora asked sheepishly. 
She felt a bit humiliated by it, actually. She was not one to ask anyone for help. Even Fran. She had usually insisted on taking care of her own problems. But lately, she had become so hopeless. And she felt it. And not only that, but she seemed to be losing control of the things she was able to do. Flying, and whatever had taken place in the woods with, real or not real, Tebias. It had happened again, or at least something similar, in the car with Officer Roland. Luckily, no one was hurt. But she had a feeling that the lack of control in her own emotions was somehow tied to the new abilities she was discovering in herself. She had to find a way to calm down. And with Fran no doubt out looking for her again, she needed somewhere that was safe from her eyes. But more importantly – she did need someone’s help. She knew she couldn’t calm herself down to the level that she needed on her own. And without Fran to talk to, it would only be a matter of time before she actually went insane. This guy was the only other vent she could think of. And Saphora needed anything and anyone she could find that was willing to genuinely help. 
Maverick’s eyes darted about after realizing that she wanted to talk to him elsewhere. He was almost a little too eager to go anywhere with her. He spun around to look at the observant Liz, who was still leaning against the sink’s counter with her arms crossed. Her fingers were drumming against her bent arm. Her gum popped when she made eye contact with him, and her brows shot up. She had been listening to their conversation and she gave him a look which read disbelief. He spun back around to face Saphora, who was still looking at him and waiting for his answer. His hands rose, bringing her attention to them as he gestured for her to stay where she was. 
“Just, uh, wait a minute. Okay?” he said before rushing off towards Liz. Saphora, blinking, watched a little caught off guard at his sudden leaving the conversation. She looked around, actually feeling a little uncomfortable. She wasn’t used to putting herself out there. Her body shifted awkwardly before she made the very conscious decision to sit down at the booth she was standing beside. She kept to herself as Maverick went to go talk with Liz.  But she seemed to turn away from him the moment he approached her. He was speaking barely above a whisper, compared to her very audible responses.
“Are you kidding me? What – no!” she shouted. 
Maverick pleaded for her to keep her voice down as the remaining customers in the café turned their attention to their conversation. Maverick tried to get her to go into the kitchen to continue talking, but Liz’s attitude had awoken. Maverick had the nerve to be “disrespectful” to her the entire night, not wanting to engage in any of her conversations. And now he wanted to leave the café to be with some crazy woman? Liz was not only furious, but she was fuming with envy as well. She was being turned down for some psycho, and her ego had taken a significant drop. 
“You can’t just leave, Maverick. You’re supposed to close with me! How am I supposed to close by myself?” Liz raged to a pleading Maverick. He urged her to lower her voice but Liz wasn’t going to have that. Not without compensation. The heated conversation continued until Maverick was forced to offer her a deal. A favor. Liz quickly turned down the volume when he brought up owing her a favor. And she was quick to take it. 
Maverick almost immediately left Liz’s side after making the deal with what felt like the devil. He rushed over to Saphora, nearly tripping in the process, and sat down with her in the booth that he was just cleaning. 
“Sorry about that,” he breathed, settling in the seat. Saphora gave a broken nod, no longer making the effort to keep eye contact with him. She felt a bit guilty now, having somewhat overheard the conversation that had taken place. As much she needed someone to talk to, she really didn’t want to get the poor guy in trouble. She wasn’t that selfish. 
“It’s okay … Hey … I don’t want you to get in trouble or anything …” she said, rethinking taking him away from his work. And then she thought about what had just occurred to her. How she was furious at Fran for being at her job when she was at the police station. She felt another twinge of guilt that she had been so ready to unleash her pent up anger upon Fran. It wasn’t her fault that she had to work. After missing the past two days to stay home with her and nurse her back to health. 
Maverick shook his head, leaning forward on the table to be a little closer to her. 
“No, no. Don’t worry about it. Really, it’s fine,” he said, not wanting her to leave because she felt bad for what he had to do. He was more than happy to do it. To get a shot at talking to her. Saphora tried for a grin as she nodded, glad that at least if he was going to get in trouble, that he was okay with it.
“Right …”
There was a little bit of an awkward silence between them before Maverick cleared his throat and made a few gestures with his hands. 
“So … uh. If you want to leave, we can,” he offered, glancing at the door to the café. Saphora nodded, as if caught off guard. She had forgotten that she asked for them to move to another area to talk. She exhaled, putting her hands on her thighs and looking back towards the door momentarily. 
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, that’d be great.” 
Maverick paused, and waited for her to tell him where she wanted to go. But instead, she did just the opposite. She looked up at him with raised eyebrows and waited. His expression mimicked hers and he spoke up instinctively. 
“What?”
“Are you going to tell me where we’re going?” she asked, with a slight shake of her head, as if it were obviously his job to lead the way, when she was the one that had arrived out of the blue. 
“Oh – uh – you want me to take you somewhere?” he asked a little louder than he should have. He could hear Liz’s petite groan from behind the counter. Maverick fought the urge to turn around and kept his eyes on Saphora, who despite his efforts, did sneak a look at Liz.
“Yes … I don’t know where else to go, I told you,” she said harshly. She didn’t like to repeat herself. Especially on grim topics. It, particularly this, made her sound pathetic. Maverick nodded apologetically and darted his eyes about as he thought of where to go. He blew out air as he decided to think about the destination once they were in his car. He wanted to get the conversation away from the eavesdropping ears of Liz. 
“Oh, right. Right, sorry. Okay, uh – so let’s go to my car?” he said a little unsure. 
Saphora nodded, and began to get up from the booth, surprising Maverick. He had half expected her so say no, slap him, and storm out. But she rose, and headed towards the front door without him. It took a moment for him to react to what was happening. His body shot up out of the seat, hitting his leg against the table in the process and creating a noisy bustle. He hurried after Saphora and rushed to get the door for her. He didn’t even bother to clock out for the night, nor did he take the time to remove his work apron. He stayed quiet as he led her to his well-kept black Camaro. He didn’t want to ramble at her about what he had been thinking for the past two and a half days. And he also didn’t want to bombard her with questions that would send her running like it did last time. If he had to stay quiet the entire time to keep her interested in talking, then he would. 
He opened the door for her, waiting for her to slide into the passenger seat before he closed it behind her and made his way to driver’s side. He could feel his nerves beginning to stand on edge at the anticipation of being seated next to her at such a close distance. When he closed the door behind himself, he was immediately over whelmed with the strong scent of lavender. But also, something else. It was a slight musk of salt. Salt water. He wrinkled his nose a bit, and glanced over at her as he put on his seatbelt. She was looking straight forward. But even as she was, he could see the very slight redness in her eyes. Even with the own colour of her eyes being a ruby colour, he could tell that that was a discoloration. One that he hadn’t noticed when he was standing right in front of her. But now, thanks to the addition of a few senses, he did. And it tugged on a few strings. He hadn’t noticed that he was staring for an unusual amount of time until she turned to look at him. His body tensed as he foolishly tried to make it seem as if he wasn’t. But the failure was so obvious that he stopped half way through and sighed, resting one hand on the steering wheel.
“So where are we going?” she asked, trying to ignore the fact that he had been staring at her. 
“Uh, right. Well … do you want to be inside or outside?” he asked. It seemed like a simple question. Though he was too late to realize the stupidity of it. He hadn’t thought of the weather, which was about to worsen. And Saphora spoke up, before he had the chance to correct himself. 
“It’s going to rain.”
“Right, right. Sorry. Inside, of course. Uh … we could go to my house?” he offered as his heart stopped. 
“No,” Saphora answered sharply. “I want to talk, not have sex with you,” she said rather bluntly. Almost immediately realizing the bluntness of his offer, the blood rushed to his face to showcase his embarrassment. His hands went flying up, shaking as he once again stammered over his words.
“Oh – no, I didn’t think that – I know you don’t – I just – I don’t know where else we would go to talk alone inside,” he said, trying to justify his words. Saphora looked down and away from him. He thought because she was disappointed and was rethinking her decision. But really she was silently acknowledging his reasons. Maverick quickly offered another suggestion. “Uh, there’s this – old abandoned house up on-“
“No,” Saphora said sharply again. “I can’t go there … We can just … I’ll go to your house,” she said, feeling a bit defeated. He hesitated to answer, watching as she turned to face the glass of the passenger window. He could tell that she was uncomfortable with going to his house. He didn’t want to take her anywhere that she was uncomfortable with, and he could see the desperation she had to talk to him. So he thought about any other places he could take her. 
“Uh, alright …” he said, with a sigh as he started the engine of the car. She was quiet as they left the parking lot, the atmosphere in the car having become rather thick with awkward tension. As they drove off, Liz stood at the front of the café, arms crossed, and fingers drumming. 

Chapter 7


“What are you doing?” Saphora asked, as they pulled into a parking lot unfamiliar to her. 
Granted, the driveway to his house would have been unfamiliar to her too. But this was not a residential home. It was a commercial building, and one she had never seen before in town. She had spaced out on and off during the car ride, and now she was up and alert, realizing that she was at an unknown place with an unknown man. Granted, she had the means to defend herself, if not kill him all together, but the realization was still enough to wake her up. Maverick smiled as he pulled into an available parking space. 
“It’s just an old book store near my apartment. We can go in, if you want to. Or we can talk here in the car,” he offered, resting his hands in his lap. She stared at him for a moment, genuinely appreciating that he hadn’t brought her to his apartment, or to a crowded location. The in-betweens of that she knew must be scarce, but he was able to manage. However, she knew that if she were to get emotional while talking, she would become loud. And she didn’t want to do that in the calm atmosphere of the book store. She also didn’t want to be any more of a burden to this guy, already having dragged him out of work to talk with her. So she decided to stay in the car to talk. 
“We can stay here … I don’t mind,” she said, taking off her seat belt and letting it cling against the door. 
“Okay,” he said almost too quickly. 
He did the same with his seat belt, trying to mask the goofy smile that had crept onto his face. Hearing that she’d rather stay alone in a car with him instead of going inside gave him the idea of, well, he didn’t exactly know, but it was making him as gitty as a school girl, and he was trying his best to hide it. He turned slightly, so that he could more easily look at Saphora during the conversations, but Saphora stayed, more or less, facing forward. There was an awkward silence before Saphora turned to look at him.
“You should … Probably introduce yourself,” she suggested, even though his name tag was on his apron. 
“Oh, right. Uh – Maverick. My name is Maverick. Sorry … I should’ve, uh, said that back at the café.”
“About the café. You’re not … going to get in trouble, are you?” Saphora asked, making more of an effort to face Maverick. He shook his head, smiling and dismissing the concern with his hand.
“Don’t worry about that. I only had like an hour left anyway. I just made a deal with the girl that was there,” he said with somewhat of a grimace. He smiled again, refocusing on Saphora. “So what did you want to talk about?”
Saphora stayed quiet, thinking about that. And then she was suddenly dumbfounded, and frustrated with herself all at once. What was she thinking? She couldn’t possibly talk about everything that had happened as if it were a casual conversation. About her ability to fly and her fear of falling that had been made a reality. About meeting a man who claimed to be her hunter, and proceeded with actions that justified his claim. About being a suspect of a man’s death. A man that had run her over with his car. A hit that she survived. About her disconnecting with Fran, a woman who she trusted and loved. Or about thinking about her therapist conspiring against her. Trying to make her seem crazy. Even though she had divulged a brief summary of her life to him at the café, she couldn’t possibly go into detail about everything.
 She found herself hesitating to answer the question. So what now? Now that she had dragged this poor man out from his work to talk about nothing. She groaned, and decided to just … talk. 
“Oh, I uh … I don’t know, really,” she said with a little bit of a nervous laugh. “I was,” she sighed, shaking her head and looking down. “really stressed out. But, I don’t really want to talk about that anymore,” she looked back up at Maverick, who was starting to frown, thinking that she was going to ask him to leave. “How about you just say what you were going to say to me on Monday?” she offered, leaning back in her seat with a look that registered in Maverick’s mind as regret. 
He paused, internally arguing with himself. He wanted to jump at the opportunity to ask her all the questions he had thought up since then. But when he looked at her face. And her pent up expression, he seemed to question himself. He wanted to see her at ease. Even though she said that she didn’t want to talk about it, he knew better. With that ambush of information she had said to him back at the café, he knew that something, if not those things, was eating at her. And for her to come back to the café and find him, of all people. Someone who she did not know, and after the incident, probably had no intention of knowing. He knew that she must have been desperate to talk to someone about what was going on. She was probably just scared of what he would think. About what he would say. About how he would judge her.
“You know … I’m not gonna judge you or anything,” he started, making a gesture with his hand. Saphora looked up at him with a silent request for an explanation. “For anything you want to talk about, I mean. I mean, you came in talking about police and something … It’s okay if you want to talk about that.”
She stared at him for a minute, almost caught off guard. Her eyes narrowed as she spoke.
“That day. Didn’t you come over to talk to me because you found me attractive?” she asked rather bluntly. Maverick’s eyes widened as the conversation turned.
“I – no! I mean – yes you’re attractive, but … I didn’t – uh, I … I wasn’t going to do anything,” he said, averting his eyes as he felt the blood rush to his cheeks. “Talk to you. I was going to talk to you.”
“Yeah? About what?”
“Well … There was your hair, I think. And maybe –“
“They’re real,” she said, cutting him off with slight laughter. He stopped, almost not registering the response. Before he could say ‘what’, she continued. “The colour of my hair and eyes? They’re real.” 
“… Really?” he asked, trying to refrain from touching either one. She nodded, noticing the sudden restraint in his body language. “But how is that possible? I’ve never seen anyone with natural hair or eyes like that.”
Saphora shrugged, looking up.
“I’m not like most people.”
“Err, what about you? You wanted to talk. Don’t you have any questions?” he asked, trying to turn the tables. Saphora paused, amused and shrugged. With a sigh, Maverick cleared his throat and nodded, coming up with a compromise. “Alright, how about this? We ask each other questions. I’ll ask, you answer. Then you ask, and I’ll answer. Okay?”
“And what if we run out of questions? What then?”
“Then … The winner gets a prize.”
Saphora paused, this time her body language harsh. And Maverick took notice.
“I’m not sleeping with you,” she said bluntly. And again, the blood rushed to Maverick’s cheeks as he hurried to defend his intentions. 
“No! I know! I’m just – I’m just saying. That’s not gonna be my – Do you think I’m trying to get you to sleep with me?” he asked, flipping the situation. Saphora blinked, not expecting to have the question flipped on her. To her own surprise, she felt the blood rush to her face, and she stammered over her own words.
“What? Uh, well – You agreed to talk to me and you said you found me attractive.”
“So I want to sleep with you?” 
“Well, I … Sorry. I didn’t mean to assume that … Fran has just been warning me my entire life about men.”
“Fran?”
“Oh, my -- she’s like my mom.”
“Oh. Wait. Does that mean … You’ve never had a boyfriend?”
There was a silence, giving him his answer. He couldn’t help but smile, making Saphora frown.
“What?”
“Nothing, nothing,” he said, clearing his throat and putting up his hand. “Sorry. Should we start? I promise not ask you to sleep with me if I win,” he offered. Saphora nodded, deciding to ignore the previous question. 
“Okay.”
“Alright. Since I asked that question, why don’t you ask one?”
Saphora thought.
“How long have you been working at the café?”
“About two years. I’m surprised it’s been that long. People come and go from that place all the time. What made you come in that day? I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen you in my two years of working there. Or my ten plus years of being a customer. And I’m pretty sure I would have remembered you if I did.”
“I don’t get out much … I was looking for somewhere to relax after having a stressful day.”
“Oh … I’m sorry that I didn’t help make that happen.” 
“It’s alright, I-“
“No, and while I’m at it I want to apologize for saying what I said to you. It was such a rude question and I was just desperate for you not to leave. I’m sorry.”
Saphora was silent as she listened to the seemingly heart-felt apology. And to her surprise, she believed it. It wasn’t something she was used to, so it took her a moment to respond properly.
“It’s okay … I wasn’t really socially accepting that day.”
“Why is that?”
Saphora paused. It confused her how her wall could fluctuate so frequently during their conversation. She wasn’t sure what to make of it. Should she be defensive? Of course she should. She was sitting in a car in the middle of nowhere with a stranger. And a man at that. Should she be open? She didn’t know what open was. But she knew it involved giving away information. Could she afford to give out information? She had never thought so, what with all her thoughts about what would happen to her if she did. If she were to let anything slip. But the way he was talking, she’d never experienced before. Not from a stranger. People always just stared at her. Talked behind her back once she had walked away, or even insulted her. She had every reason to put her guard up. But with every word this guy spoke, she was finding less reasons to keep it up. 
“ … It’s my turn to ask the question,” she said, avoiding an answer. “How long did it take you to save for this car?” She looked around at the smooth interior of the car as Maverick chuckled.
“My dad bought it for me on my eighteenth birthday. It took me about six months to save to get it painted black though. It was blue before. … Do you have a job?”
“No. Fran doesn’t want me to work. Why didn’t you like the blue?”
Maverick shrugged.
“I like black … You seem to mention this Fran a lot, despite the fact that it sounded like you were upset with her.” 
“That’s not a question,” she argued.
“Right … Why won’t you talk to me about what’s bothering you?”
Saphora frowned, looking at him again.
“Because I can’t.”
“But you came all the way out here with me. Surely you thought you could talk to me about whatever it was.”
“I don’t know what I was thinking. There’s no way I could tell you anything about what’s going on in my life. I don’t even know you,” Saphora grumbled, running her fingers through her hair and scratching her head in frustration. Maverick was silent, letting her catch her breath after her exertion of emotion.
“So why did you come?” he said, after some time of awkward silence. 
Saphora sighed, dropping her hand into her lap as her other hand went to swing open the car door. Maverick sat dumbfounded as he watched her get out of the car. He hurried to get out of his own seat and rushed around the car to meet up with her.
“Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing?”
“Leaving.”
“What?”
“This was a mistake. I’m sorry I wasted your time,” she said, going to push past him.
“What – Wait? Wait a minute!” he said, moving back in front of her until she stopped walking. His hands were up submissively as he pleaded with her. “Why are you leaving?”
“I’m tired of answering questions. I’ve been questioned all day. My honesty. My sanity. I don’t want to answer any more questions,” she said, looking for a way to move around him. But with each attempt she took, Maverick cut her off. 
“Okay – Okay, whoa! I’m sorry, okay? I just wanted to know why you chose to talk to me.”
Saphora grumbled, standing still and looking up at him. His body tensed as he wondered if she was going to bum-rush him to get past. But instead she rolled her eyes.
“I wanted to talk to someone who was nice to me,” she finally answered. A bit lost, Maverick just stood, staring at her, making her sigh and go more into depth. “Nice? I wanted to talk to someone who was nice to me. And I couldn’t talk to Fran. You were the only other person I thought of, okay? Are you happy?”
Maverick’s brows furrowed.
“I was nice to you … That’s all?” he said, with somewhat of a laugh as his hand reached up to rub his temple. He shook his head, unable to contain his smile. Saphora frowned, seeing the laugh and scoffed, ready to move past him. “That’s all it was? Me being nice? What horror have you been through in your life to feel the safety to lean on someone from one act of kindness?” he asked, looking up at her. Her eyes widened, but didn’t narrow. She was offended at the question that made her sound naïve. Her hands rose to push at Maverick’s chest, and he stumbled back in surprise.
“Not one that I’m going to share with you,” she said, her voice guarded. Maverick raised his hands in defense in case she went for another blow. “Leave me alone,” she said, moving to walk past him. But again, he moved to block her path.
“Wait! Wait. Look. I know I’m a stranger. I get it. You have every right to be skeptical. You do. But I’m pretty damn proud of the way my parents raised me. I’m not about to disrespect a woman that has done nothing to me. Look. Just talk to me. Please? What have you got to lose?” he said, trying to make talking to him a positive. But Saphora frowned as she answered,
“Everything”.


	“Saphora! Please open the door, Saphora,” Fran begged from outside Saphora’s bedroom. Her balled fist constantly coming into contact with the wooden door. Saphora stayed still on her bed, looking up at the ceiling. Fran’s persistent nagging had kept her up since six in the morning, and she had just gotten home at two. It was now almost 8:30AM. The conversation with Maverick ended up lasting until about 1:30 in the morning. It was interesting, to say the least. But Saphora couldn’t recap on that right now. All she could think about was Fran banging on her door.
And what would follow if she let her in. 
“Saphora. I will get the keys to open this door,” she threatened. She was waiting for that threat – buying time. Standing up, she slowly made her way to the door, and opened it to face Fran. The moment the door opened, Fran’s hand stopped, and awkwardly lowered to her side. Her chest heaved as she looked across at the stoned-faced Saphora. Before Fran could say anything else, Saphora cut in.
“I don’t want to talk about what you want to talk about.”
Saphora had done a lot of thinking during her talk with Maverick. The fact that she felt bad about taking him away from work registered with her. She no longer blamed Fran for being at work. It was a responsibility she had, after all. And she had already given the previous days to be with her during her recovery from … Jones. So why be angry with her for working? Especially when that work provides so much. 
“I don’t blame you for being at work anymore. So please. Can we not do this?”
Fran’s expression changed from that of pleading to mild shock. 
“… Really?”
“Yes. So please-“
“So then where were you?”
“What?”
“Last night. Why didn’t you come home?”
Saphora hesitated, not having made the connection. Fran had thought that her reason for staying away from home all night was her anger towards her. But now that that had been cleared, she was curious as to where she was and why.
“What were you doing?” Fran continued, with a little more worry in her voice.
“Nothing,” Saphora answered a bit too quickly. Fran’s shoulders slumped. 
“Saphora.”
“Nothing. I was just walking around town to clear my head and think about things.”
“Oh … Well you could have answered my calls at least. I was worried sick.”
“Sorry.”
Fran let out a grumbling sigh as she crossed her arms. 
“Well I took off work today. So that I could be with you when you show the police the area where the tree fell.”
Saphora’s head raised, as did her eyebrows.
“What?”
“You told the police that you’d show them where-“
“No, I know. But … you’re going to go? You don’t have to go.”
“I know that now, but I felt so bad that you were upset about me missing the interrogation to go to work. I didn’t want that happening again.”
“But you really don’t have to-“
“I’m going. Now the police will be here in an hour so hurry up and get ready,” Fran ordered, about to turn around and walk away. But Saphora stopped her.
“Who else is going?” she asked. Fran turned around, questioning her with her eyes. “Is Dr. Lupin going?” There was a pause.
“You know he has to.”
“Is he going to show them my files?” Fran was silent. “Is he?”
“I don’t know, honey.”
“But he can’t do that!”
“Honey, if the police have plausible reason to gain access to your files then I don’t know what Dr. Lupin will do. You can speak to them about it when they get here. Right now you need to get ready,” Fran said, not really wanting to get into an argument right after avoiding a previous one. 
This time Saphora let her walk away. She knew that Fran wouldn’t have any idea about what the police were planning to do. But the possibility that they could get their hands on information about her before she could irked her. Not because they might find something that would help proving that she had murdered Jones. But because she, in her several years of attending therapy, and watching those files grow each year, she had never been able to look at them. She thought that if anyone should have access to them, it should be her. 
But she tried to stay calm, and remember what Maverick had been telling her. Having a constant buildup of anger and anxiety was not healthy. And remembering the slip up that had happened in the car with Officer Roland, she couldn’t afford to let her emotions get the best of her. Maverick had told her that she should try and do some exercises to help get them under control. But Saphora had something else in mind. Instead of trying to control her emotions, she figured she would be better off trying to control her new found power. 

********

	“Artemis!” Vida yelled into her personal chambers. She had been ordered to bed rest by her personal physician after her last exertion of energy. Her body was weakening, and she knew it. But she couldn’t just sit by and watch as her daughter was hurt, or worst. She’d already watched death once. She wasn’t going to do it again.
“Artemis!” she called again. And this time, her little friend came bursting through her doors in the middle of the call. All of her four feet and ten inches came rushing through the double doors that towered over her. Panting, she ran to stand beside Vida’s bed.
“Yes! Yes my queen?”
“A vision. She’s going back to the forest. Have you seen it?” she asked, slowly trying to sit up on her bed. Artemis’ hand rushed to Vida’s side. 
“Yes … Yes, I have,” she admitted. Vida froze, looking at Artemis.
“What did you see? He lives?” she asked, taking hold of Artemis’ frail shoulder. Artemis flinched at the pressure that was applied to it. “Tebias. Is he alive? Will he meet them in the forest?”
Artemis shook her head.
“No, but he will come after her again later on ...”
“Bring me my books,” she said, struggling to sit up the remainder of the way.
“No,” Artemis pleaded. “You cannot keep exerting yourself like this, Vida. It could mean-“
“I know what it could mean, Artemis. And I am more than willing to give my life for my child – for this kingdom.” 
“But we need you, Vida. Please, consider sending someone instead. They could help her master her power,” Artemis pleaded with Vida. She hummed at the idea.
“Yes … I had been considering that for some time. I suppose now is best,” she said with a bit of remorse. Artemis nodded, keeping Vida balanced.
“Who?” 
Vida was silent as she thought. She had taken some time to think about that decision. She knew that the person would have to be able to defend themselves against Tebias’ fire. And be agile enough to keep up with his speed. She had been carefully looking over the traits of everyone in the kingdom, and every ally outside it in order to come up with a worthy individual to send to Saphora’s aid. And after some careful consideration, she had made her decision.
“Get me Hydra.” 



	

Deep in the amazons outside the Kiran kingdom, there was a quiet serenity that loomed over the area. The trees were bold and healthy, gripping each other and communicating through vines, branches, and the creatures that inhabited them. 
Off in a clearing of the amazon, was a gathering of friends. Loki, Vida’s younger brother, was sitting on an old stump, laughing at the joke that his good friend Dakota had just told. They howled together, Dakota slapping his knee. Loki shook his head at him as he tried to regain his composure. A few feet away was the disturbed Avani, the mistress of all things earthy. She was rolling her eyes at the nature of the joke, and looking to her brother Mizuko, the master of water, who was trying his hardest not to chuckle along with them in front of her. She smacked his arm and scoffed, while Mizuko slowly lost control of his laughter.
“You guys are such pigs,” Avani spat, shaking her head and turning away from them to move closer to the enormous tortoise that was resting underneath the shade of a tree. 
The tortoise groaned happily, shifting its head slowly over in Avani’s direction. Avani delicately placed her relatively small hand against the side of her friend’s face, smiling as its head nuzzled into her hand.
“Aw, lighten up, Avani,” Loki chuckled, leaning over his lap and resting his elbows on his knees.
“Yeah. Loosen your vines,” Dakota said, sending the boys into another fit of laughter. 
Avani glared in their direction, sending a tremor along the ground’s surface, and shaking Loki right off of the stump he was sitting on. Dakota and Mizuko roared as Loki stood up, dusting himself off with a smirk.
“Oh, so you wanna play, huh?” he said, bouncing lightly on the tips of his toes. The oversized black lion that laid resting nearby him lifted its head somewhat at the shift in tone of Loki’s voice. 
“Oh, trust me, Loki dear. You do not want to play with me,” Avani said, turning around completely to face the cocky Loki. 
Mizuko smiled, crossing his arms and leaning against the tree behind him as his laughter died down.
“I’d listen to her, Loki,” he agreed, knowing firsthand what his sister’s rage could do. Loki scoffed, and shrugged his shoulders, lifting his hands in mockery.
“Mizuko! You don’t think I could take her?” Loki laughed. Mizuko smiled and raised his hands in defense.
“Hey – you do what you want. But I’m not bringin’ your body back to Vida. Nope.”
He and Dakota laughed, and Avani smirked. 
“Listen to him, Loki,” Avani teased.
“Come on, then! I’ll take-“
All at once, all of their attention was facing towards the edge of the clearing they were in. Their bodies tensed when they heard the fast paced footsteps and rustling in the nearby distance. The lion that had been laying down stood up, an inch shorter than Loki’s six feet and three inches. It huffed and moved closer to Loki in preparation to protect him if the need arose. The tortoise stepped forward some, blocking Avani partially from whatever would be coming through. But what came stumbling through both surprised and relieved them. It was Artemis. A very exhausted Artemis. As soon as she broke through the dense leaves of the clearing’s edge, she tripped, and stumbled towards the lush grass. Avani quickly thrust her hand towards the falling Artemis. Four thornless vines rushed to catch her, while one went to save her delicate glasses.
“Artemis?” Avani said a bit startled as she started rushing towards her friend. Artemis panted heavily as she dangled from the vines that had saved her. She smiled and laughed through squinted eyes at the blurred image of Avani. The rest of the group looked on in shock at the sudden appearance of the kingdom’s royal advisor. The men looked to each other with concern and question. If she was there, there was something wrong.
“Avani! Thank you for catching me,” she laughed, jerking her head a bit to move a lose strand of hair from her face. Avani let her down and laughed with her after handing her glasses back to her. Her arms reached around her and gave her a welcoming hug. 
“Of course. I’ve missed you! What are you doing all the way out here?” she asked, pulling away from the hug to look at her. Artemis dusted herself off of the mess that wasn’t there. 
“I’m here to talk to Hydra,” she said, swallowing down the breath that she had lost. The group of men looked to each other confused. Mizuko glanced over to the water drakon that had popped her head out of the lake at the other end of the clearing. Loki frowned, and stepped forward towards the two women. Before Avani or Mizuko could say anything about the statement, Loki spoke up. 
“Where’s Vida?” he asked sternly. There was a stillness in the air as Artemis took a bit too long to answer. He took another step forward before she could blurt out her response. 
“She’s resting. She’s been growing weaker, Loki,” she said folding her hands with some guilt and averting her eyes.
“Weak? Weak from what?” he asked gruffly. “Has Ares sent something to the-“
“No,” Artemis said, shaking her head. “But Saphora has been in trouble on Earth.”
“Saphora?” They all seemed to ask at the same time, with the same level of concern. 
“The princess,” Mizuko said, stepping away from the tree and coming closer. Dakota was right behind him. “Is she alright?” he asked with a frown.
“She is, for now. But Tebias has started going after her again. We suspect with stricter orders. But Saphora hasn’t mastered her power yet, and is poorly defended against him. She barely escaped with her life during their last altercation,” Artemis went on.
“What about Arol? Didn’t Vida send the beast with her?” Loki asked, remembering clearly that she had. Artemis nodded.
“Yes, but he was injured during the fall. His recovery has slowed because of their distance. They did not land together. And the humans – they’ve captured him and put him on some form of display as a discovery. He cannot fly. Not without healing further. Keeping him from Saphora is making him weak. And it is hindering the balance of her power as well. In attempt to help her in some way, Vida has been using her witchcraft to communicate to, and through Saphora. She’s been fighting off Tebias by launching her own power through her.”
Artemis pushed up her glasses.
“I fear that if it continues on like this that she may not survive it.” 
The group fell silent, as their eyes fell to Loki. He too was silent, thinking of the information that was just given to him. What could be done to help her? To help the princess? His sister?
“That is why I am here to speak with Hydra,” Artemis said, getting back to the task at hand. The drakon in the lake lifted its head further, its eyes alert. Mizuko looked back from his friend to Artemis, not quite understanding.
“Why Hydra?” he asked.
“Vida wants to send someone to Earth to help Saphora. Someone who can train her to master her power. And –“
“Who can defend against his flames,” Mizuko finished. Artemis nodded. “But why Hydra, and not I?”
“Yes. Hydra is a water drakon, but Mizuko is the master of the element. Why not send him?” Avani asked, also curious.
“Because it is not certain when Ares will start her next assault on the kingdom, and she wants the strongest to stay here in preparation. She thinks it may be near.”
“Will Hydra be bringing Saphora back for the war?” Dakota asked, stepping out from behind Mizuko. Artemis nodded. 
“Yes. But not until she is ready.”
“But what if the war happens before she is ready?” Avani asked.
“… Then she will have to come sooner. And hopefully it will be enough. That is why we must act now. Hydra?” she said, peeking past everyone to the lake. 
Hydra had morphed into her hominoid form. She stood at just over five feet and nine inches. Her hair, a navy blue colour, hung just past her shoulders. A mixture of waves, curls, and straightness, reflecting the infinitely shifting ways of the water she resided in. Her eyes were a calm pale lavender in contrast. There were no pupils, like most of the guardians. 
“Yes,” she answered, stepping forward. 
Her pale skin shifted in the light as she made her way closer to the group. Her clothing of choice, which morphed with her, was a white suit. It looked as if it were made for the water. For swift movements in the currents. It was sleek, and easily adjustable to her curving body. She wore no shoes, so that she could feel the current beneath the ground’s surface, if there was any to be felt. 
The group parted to make room for her to come forward.
“Will you accept, Hydra? The kingdom needs you,” Artemis pleaded. Hydra did not hesitate.
“Yes.”


Saphora’s heart raced as they moved deeper and deeper into the forest that she now feared. With each few steps they took towards the location, her body seemed more and more reluctant to move. She looked back at the group of people that was following her. Officer Johnson was immediately behind her, Fran and Officer Roland were behind her, chatting away, and Officer Glover and Dr. Lupin were behind them. Saphora scowled at the sight of seeing Fran and Roland walking together. But when Johnson looked up at her, she turned away, and moved a bit faster. 
It didn’t take long for them to reach the clearing that the battle had taken place in. There before them was the damage that had been done by the fallen tree. Johnson covered her mouth with one hand as her other found her hip.
“Geez,” she breathed, looking around at the damage as the others came about to stand beside her. They all had similar reactions. “It looks like it was torn apart by hand,” Johnson observed, referring to the piece that Saphora had unknowingly flung at Tebias. “You fell from a tree with this kind of height?” she asked, turning to look at Saphora. Saphora nodded.
“I’m surprised a fall like that didn’t kill you,” Roland said. Saphora narrowed her eyes at him.
“Thanks,” she said bluntly. He shifted uncomfortably and went to explain himself, but Lupin cut him off.
“There’s no doubt that you hit your head in a fall like that. If not on the ground, then on the branches on the way down,” Dr. Lupin said. Johnson nodded.
“Oh definitely. That checks out, no doubt. I’m just trying to figure out how in the world this tree fell,” she said, walking towards it. “I mean look how sturdy it is. What could have made it fall?”
Saphora stopped to think about that too. At first she had thought that the force of her hitting the tree made it fall. But how could that be? She didn’t weigh all that much. And trees withstood all sorts of weather. Surely it could stand up against the thrashing of a twenty-something year old woman, right? Then what did make the tree fall?
“Yeah, it’s thick as heck. Maybe it’s old?” Roland suggested. Johnson shook her head.
“It wouldn’t just fall like that. I mean, I’m no tree expert or anything. But I’m pretty sure that’s not how it would have gone down. And there are no axe marks or anything on these. Not that I can see anyway.”
“And why would there be? If someone was going to cut down the tree, they would have seen or heard Saphora climbing it. They would have told her to come down,” Glover argued.
“Unless they were trying to hurt her,” Roland said. Glover and Johnson looked over at him. “What if someone was trying to hurt Saphora by cutting down the tree? But she survived – with a concussion that lead to the unfortunate death of Jones?”
“So you’re saying his death was an accidental result of the failure to kill Saphora?” Glover asked. Roland shrugged.
“A possibility.”
Johnson looked to Saphora, who was doing everything in her power to not mentally be present. 
“Do you have any enemies, Saphora? Someone that might try to hurt you?” she asked.
“Dr. Lupin,” she blatantly mumbled. Fran took a step towards her.
“That’s not funny, Saphora. This is a serious question. Has anyone been threatening you?” Fran asked, concerned. Saphora hesitated before giving the only other answer she could think of.
“Tebias.” 
Fran huffed and threw her hands up in the air, fed up with the nonsense that she kept talking about. She didn’t want to hear any more stories.
“As expected. It’s the only person she knows that has tried to hurt her before. It’s only natural for her to call on that memory,” Lupin noted.
Johnson sighed, shaking her head as she looked back at the tree once more.
“Glover. Call the guys out here to do some clean up. Everything on these parts,” she said, gesturing to the two halves of the tree. Glover nodded, taking out his phone to make the call. 

	They waited around for the other workers to come through and start searching the place until Saphora, Fran, and Lupin were told that they could leave. The three of them were heading back to Fran’s car when Lupin started a conversation with the reluctant Saphora. 
“Saphora. We need to take a look at your back now,” he said, walking towards her. He stopped at the distance he shrunk when she turned to look at him as she walked. Lupin cleared his throat, glancing from the wary Fran back to the temperamental Saphora. “It could be some sort of infection. It’s spread since the last time we-“
“No.”
“Saphora, it needs to be looked at. What if it’s-“
“It doesn’t need to be looked at. You people have been looking at it for years and coming up with nothing. It has spread before. I was fine. I am fine.”
“But we’ve noticed your increased, err – instability since that night. It could be related to the-“
Saphora stopped walking, and Lupin stopped short, almost tripping himself in the process.
“You think my anger has something to do with the marks on my back?” she asked in disbelief. In appall. “No, doctor. It has nothing to do with my anger, or my dislike for you. I’ve always disliked you. From the first session,” she said, taking a step forward.
“Saphora,” Fran urged warily.
“I kept it aside for Fran’s sake. Out of respect. But since you’ve managed to get her on your side, that level of respect is slowly but surely depleting,”
“Saphora!” Fran said in offense. 
“I don’t see any reason to hold back exactly how I feel about you anymore, doctor,” she said, before moving to walk past him. Lupin reached forward to grab hold of Saphora’s arm.
“It needs to be done for your own good,” Lupin urged. But instead of grabbing her arm, he ended up catching hold of the back of her sweater because of her movements. The sweater stretched backwards, exposing Saphora’s back to the crisp cold air and to Lupin’s eyes. They both gasped. Lupin at what he saw, and Saphora at the chill that surged through her, followed by the hot flow of anger. She spun around to rip his grip of her, and in the process, she slipped up. Winds whipped from her body into Lupin in an instinctive act of self-defense. Lupin’s eyes fluttered at the sudden gust of wind. His glasses wobbled on his face and his hands quickly reached up to keep them steady. 
The winds left as quickly as they had come, stunning both Lupin and Saphora. Her eyes went wide, realizing what had happened and she anxiously awaited Lupin’s reaction. Once his eyes opened, they seemed to hold a different expression. They shifted from that of shock, to realization. He didn’t even look around. To see what had caused the wind. Because he was looking at what caused it. She took a step back, away from his peering eyes. Knowing that if she stayed silent, it would only make his detached assumptions more valuable. 
“… Don’t touch me,” she breathed, glancing at the angered Fran. She hadn’t seen. She looked back at Lupin, who was adjusting himself. “I’m not going to any more of your sessions. You’re fired. Whether Fran does it or not. Burn my files. No – as a matter of fact, give them to me. I want them.”
Lupin chuckled.
“That’s funny? They’re about me. They’re mine.”
Lupin shook his head, pulling his sleeves down and clearing his throat.
“No, Saphora. Those files – your files, belong to the government.”
Saphora’s eyes narrowed.
“What?”
“Those files, if you’re a threat to society, belong to the government.”
Now Fran looked at Lupin with the same expression as Saphora, even taking a step forward.
“A threat to society?” she repeated. Lupin, nodding, not even looking over at Fran. 
“That’s right. With Saphora’s recent violent behavior and with this case happening, she could easily be marked as a potential threat. If you walk away from my office, I’ll have no choice but to hand your files over to the police when they ask for them.”
Both Saphora and Fran stood shocked at the words that lacked such a required level of remorse. They glanced at each other. And then at the nonmoving Lupin, before Saphora spoke again.
“You can’t do that,” she said as barely a breath.
“On the contrary. I’d be betraying my country if I didn’t,” he said sternly. 
Saphora grimaced and her hands clenched into fists. She couldn’t believe it. 
Lupin shifted his weight onto his other leg, now looking at Saphora with an air of cockiness. So quickly had the tables seemed to turn. And it made Saphora’s head spin. Her mouth opened and closed as she searched for something to say. But her well of infinite responses had suddenly gone dry at the threat of being exposed.
“I’ll see you on Monday,” he concluded, turning around and continuing on the path to his car. She stood speechless as he walked away from them. But instead of going after Lupin to yell at him, she slowly turned to Fran, her expression caught between disbelief and fear. 
“You … You’re going to let him do that?” she asked Fran. Fran shook her head. Not as an answer, but as a form of pleading with Saphora. She fought for words to say but could come up with nothing by the time Saphora rolled her eyes and started walking away.
“Saphora? Saphora!” Fran called after her, as she followed close behind. “What am I supposed to say, huh?” she asked, catching up with her and doing her best to match her pace.
“That you don’t approve, for starters,” Saphora scoffed, shaking her head. 
“Saphora, looking at your back is for your own good,” she said, desperate for her to see her side of things. “What if it’s something dangerous? A disease?” Saphora scoffed again.
“When have I ever, in the entire time that you’ve cared for me, been ill? From even so much as the common cold?”
“That’s not the point,” she said, pulling on her arm. Reluctantly, Saphora complied and stopped walking. “Can’t you just understand that I’m worried about you? I know you think you’re invincible, but can’t you just do this? So I can put my mind to ease?” she seemed to beg. Saphora’s gaze softened as she heard the pain in her voice. “There are so many things … That I don’t understand. This – if I could figure out just one …”
It both warmed and chilled Saphora to hear that. On one hand, Fran seemed to be genuinely concerned about her, despite her failed attempts to show it. But on the other hand, she was also making a point. As long as she had known Saphora, in reality, she knew very little about her. And that hard truth suddenly became very clear to her. The most trusted person she had in her circle of one, knew little to nothing about her. Fran’s eyes searched Saphora’s for some sign that she understood what she was saying. And Saphora gave a soft grin, for the sake of Fran’s nerves. 
“Yeah … I’m sorry.” 
Fran sighed and wrapped her arms around her tightly, resting her chin on her shoulder. Saphora’s hands found Fran’s back in the embrace, and she gently pressed her fingertips into the fabric of her puffy down coat. 
“Thank you,” she said, pulling out of the hug. Saphora nodded, before Fran pulled her back into her embrace. And just then, Saphora’s phone vibrated against her pocket, making both Saphora and Fran gasp and flinch. They pulled away from each other again, looking down at Saphora’s pocket. Saphora’s eyes widened as she realized the only other person that could be calling her was Maverick. His prize for winning the question-battle was exchanging numbers. A smart move on his part. But bad timing on Saphora’s. She reached down to silence the phone, as Fran’s brows pinched together.
“Who’s that?” 
“No one.”
“I’m not calling you. And I know Dr. Lupin isn’t. Who is it?”
“It’s just … some telemarketer.”
 Fran grimaced.
“You know I don’t like you shopping online.”
“Sorry … I’m gonna … go for a walk and calm down, okay? I’ll meet you at home.” Fran gave a worried glance. “I promise.” Fran sighed and looked around at the area, shaking her head and folding her arms.
“I don’t want you out here by yourself anymore … It’s dangerous,” she sighed.
“I’m not going to stay here. I’m going to walk around in town. And even if I were to stay here, the police are here. A bunch of them, at that. What’s the worst that could happen?” she asked, glancing down at her phone that had started vibrating again. But this time, since their bodied weren’t pressing together, Fran didn’t take any notice to it. Fran reluctantly agreed, putting a hand on Saphora’s shoulder. 
“Think about what I said, okay?”
Saphora nodded, trying to smile to reassure her. 




“Oh, hey! I was starting to think I called the wrong number,” Maverick said on the other end of the phone. Saphora shook her head, as she walked along the side of the road. Fran had gone to work, and she had left the site where the police were gathering evidence.
“No, I was just in the middle of something, sorry.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. Are you still busy? You didn’t have to call me back if you’re busy.”
“No, I was just with the police. It’s fine.”
Maverick nearly choked on the water he had started drinking. He moved the phone away from his mouth as he cleared his throat.
“Police. Oh – well. Okay then.”
“Why were you calling?”
Maverick cleared his throat again, suddenly very nervous. There was something about her bluntness in the way she spoke that did that to him. Put him on edge. 
“Oh, I was just, uh … I was wondering how you were.”
“How I was?”
“Yeah. I mean … Things were pretty – rough last night. I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Oh … I’m … I’m okay. Thank you,” she said awkwardly. 
Staring at the ground as she trailed along the side of the highway she felt the corners of her lips pinch upwards in the beginnings of a smile. It felt nice. Having someone ask her how she was with the genuine concern of how she was doing. Not because they wanted something in return, or were worried what someone else would think based upon her answer. But because they actually wanted to know. 
“I also wanted to say that I really enjoyed talking to you.”
“Yeah?”
Maverick laughed.
“Everyone has their days. And from the sound of things, you were having a pretty tough time. And still are, apparently,” Maverick reasoned. 
“Yeah …” 
There was an awkward pause then, and Saphora looked up from the road. She found herself waiting for his next words. Hoping that the compassion would continue. Or at least the conversation. She liked the distraction from her raging thoughts. The strange act, to her, of speaking to someone who didn’t constantly want something from her was weight lifting, and seemed to quiet her thoughts into a soft lull. 
“So, uh,” Maverick continued. “Have you tried anything to, uh, practice calming down?”
“Talking to you seems to help,” she said, and then immediately afterwards, her hand reached up to cover her mouth as she stopped in her tracks. “I – I mean … Sorry, I didn’t-“
“No, no, it’s okay,” Maverick stuttered. His heart was pounding against his chest in excitement, and disbelief. I can’t believe she just said that, he thought. He rushed to find encouraging words for her confession. “It’s fine, really. I’m glad.”
Another awkward pause, and Saphora thought about his question. She agreed with him, that she needed to practice control. Just not with her emotions. With her power. She decided that she would do so, and really work on keeping a lock and key on it. She couldn’t just have things happening without her consent, like with Dr. Lupin just then, or that car ride with Officer Roland. She had gotten lucky, but with stunts like those, someone could have easily gotten hurt. She couldn’t risk putting someone in danger and wind up actually becoming responsible for someone’s death. Plus, with Tebias at large, it was probably a good idea to learn some control so that she could defend herself. Yes, the voice had helped her out of her last encounter with him, but where was she in the woods? She had been left to defend herself. What if the voice didn’t come again? Or what if it failed? She couldn’t depend on something she wasn’t sure existed. So being able to defend herself properly was more than enough of a reason to learn better control. And she would start that today.
“Saphora? Are you still there?” Maverick asked, having been trying to get her attention. Saphora shook her head slightly, refocusing.
“Sorry! Sorry, I was just, uh, thinking about something.”
“It’s alright. Did you hear what I said?”
“Can you say it again?”
“I said … I mean, I asked … I was wondering if you wanted to hang out again. Or, err, talk, I mean. I was wondering if you wanted to talk again – with me.”
Saphora shook her head, not really understanding. 
“But, we are talking …”
“I meant like … Go somewhere, and talk, like, in person.”
“Oh,” she said, blinking a couple of times. While it was true that she enjoyed talking to Maverick, she hadn’t expected him to want to keep talking to her so soon. She thought he would try and keep his distance from an emotionally unstable woman for at least a little while. 
“You don’t have to, if you don’t want to. I mean, you know … We did just-“
“No, no, I do. I mean, I’d like that, but …” She wanted to start practicing her control immediately. And although it was his idea, she didn’t think she could share that with him. She knew she couldn’t. Being nice was one thing, but knowing something like that was a whole other. “But I’ve got something else to do, and I promised Fran I would be home early.”
“Oh …” Saphora could practically feel the disappointment in his voice. 
“But, uh, maybe tomorrow? I mean, if you’re not working or anything.”
“No! I’m not working at all. Today or tomorrow.”
“Oh, okay. Tomorrow, then?”
“Tomorrow it is … Uhm, do you want me to pick you up, or … Or do you want to meet me at the shop, or …”
Saphora giggled at his immediate recovery and childish excitement. 
“We can go to that book store you brought me to.”
“Oh, okay, do you want me to-“
“I’ll meet you there.”
“You remember how to get there?”
“Mhm.”
“Wow. Are you sure you have amnesia?”
Saphora gave an involuntary giggle, and her mouth rushed to cover it. 
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“I was just teasing you. So, what time tomorrow?”
“Hm … Is two alright? In the afternoon?”
“That’s great. I’ll meet you there?”
“Yeah.”
“Great,” he happily sighed. “Take care, Saphora.”
“You too, Maverick.”


	Maverick hung up the phone and held it up above his face, staring at the lit screen. With a smile, he exhaled and dropped his hand into his lap, along with his phone. He kicked his bare feet up in the air and flailed about on his bed for a moment, before settling back down.
“I can’t believe it,” he said to himself as he combed his fingers through his chestnut locks that were sprawled out against his pillow. His hand stayed there as he heard the familiar voice of his friend come from his doorway. 
“This is what you paused the game for? This is just sad, bro,” Jared groaned, shaking his head with folded arms. Maverick sprang up to sit upright on his bed. 
“How long were you standing there?”
“Too long. Who’s this Saphora chick?”
“She’s not a chick, she’s a woman,” Maverick corrected. Jared rolled his eyes and uncrossed his arms.
“Oh my god. Please don’t tell me you’re in love,” he groaned, coming into the room. Maverick scoffed, watching as his friend took a seat at his desk.
“I wouldn’t tell you even if I was.”
“So who is she?” 
Maverick sighed, hesitating to answer. He knew that he would judge him for speaking to Saphora, because of how she entered the café. But before Maverick could say who Saphora was, Jared started laughing. 
“Oh my god. Don’t tell me it really is that chick from Monday.”
Maverick’s brows pinched together.
“What do you mean, really is?”
“Liz told me the other day that you left work to go somewhere with that girl, but I didn’t believe her. But it really is, isn’t it?”
Maverick groaned. He should have figured that Liz would go blabbing about him leaving. 
“Hey man, I’m not judging you or anything. But why the hell are you chasin’ after that? I mean, Liz is like,-“
“Throwing herself at everything with a penis? No thank you.”
“I hear she rolls with women, too,” Jared chuckled. Maverick rolled his eyes, shaking his head. 
“No.”
“Well you may be eating those words. I heard you owe Liz a favor. That’s dangerous territory, man.” Maverick rolled his eyes again. 
“I know that.”
“Geez, you really must be in to this girl if you agreed to owe Liz a favor.” Maverick nodded. “But what if Liz wants you to sleep with her for the favor?”
“What?” Maverick turned his head to look at Jared. “She wouldn’t ask me to do something like that.”
“Do you know who we’re talking about, here?”
Maverick grew silent. But he shook his head, grimacing. 
“I wouldn’t do it even if she did.”
“But what about the favor?”
“Fuck the favor. I don’t care if I get fired for leaving. I’m not going to do that.” 
Jared smiled.
“Damn,” Jared sighed with a smirk as he moved to rest his hand on his knee. “What the hell did this girl do to you in those few hours? You’re already so defensive,” Jared laughed. Maverick’s cheeks began to burn as he looked away. “So tomorrow, huh?”
“Yeah,” Maverick said, his mood immediately replenishing. Jared chuckled, nodding.
“Where to?”
“Yeah, like I’m going to tell you.”
“Why not?”
“You’re going to stalk us!” 
Jared scoffed.
“Okay, my life is not that sad.”
“One could argue …” Maverick mumbled.
“Oh, right. Says the one going out with a crazy wo-“
“She’s not crazy. She was having a bad day.”
“Right. And is she still having bad days?”
Maverick paused, before standing up and groaning.
“You know what? Shut up, and let’s play,” he said walking out of his room. “Before I kick you out of my apartment.” Jared laughed and followed behind him.
“Whatever you say, lover boy.”



	It had been almost three hours now, and Saphora was feeling exhausted. She had been working at this since she had gotten off the phone with Maverick, and it was proving to put a strain on her. Though she had succeeded in being able to levitate small items on command, the longer she held that concentration, the more it seemed to ware her down. Much like flying. She had made the connection between the two powers, in how they were performed. She merely had to concentrate, wanting it to happen, and it would. And just like flying, it would take practice to be so familiar with it. 
But now that she had grasped the workings of the power, she could take that next step in learning to master it. It was just a bit different from flying. She had never found herself floating from a subconscious desire before, like she had experienced with these powers. So that was something she was going to have to take into consideration and really work to keep under control. She couldn’t have her subconscious running the show. 
She was now walking up the street to her house, with several stones floating around her. Each of them were only about the size of a golf ball. She moved the stones left to right, right to left, up to down, and around her all together, to get the feel of controlling the objects. It had gotten to a point where she barely had to move her hands to get them to move. Now, she could focus without so much as looking at them. She just had to keep a mental log of everything that was being moved. It didn’t always work. Sometimes she would forget an item, and it would fall from the lack of concentration. She had to really work to keep that focus, and at the moment, it seemed that she could only focus on four things at a time. 
A movement from the corner of Saphora’s eye made her head snap up. She saw Fran in the doorway of the house, waving to get her attention. And as soon as she did, all of the stones fell to the ground, one of them hitting Saphora on the head. She groaned, sighing as she raised her hand to rub the top of her head. Fran took that as a wave back, and she motioned for her to hurry up and come in the house, before turning around and going inside herself. She wondered what Fran was doing home, since she said that she was going to try and put in the rest of the hours at work.

“Saphora! It’s coming!” Fran exclaimed when she heard the front door close from Saphora entering the house. She was in the kitchen, coming out to greet her. Saphora raised a brow at the statement, looking around the room before letting her gaze rest on her. 
“What’s coming?”
“The new exhibit!” she squealed, coming closer to Saphora with a little bit of a bounce. Saphora’s brows furrowed. “At the zoo! The one we’ve been building for the last two months?” Saphora’s mouth fell open as the memory came rushing back. She had completely forgotten about the exhibit that was due to open, despite the fact that she was just at the zoo the previous day.
“Oh,” Saphora breathed. “Uh, what is it?” she asked as she moved to sit on the sofa in the living room, feeling the need to relax her body. 
“You’re not going to believe me. It’s a dragon!” Fran said, rushing around the sofa to sit with her. Saphora grinned some.
“What, you mean a komodo dragon? Don’t you already have those?” Fran shook her head.
“No, Saphora. It’s an actual dragon! It’s the greatest discovery since the dinosaurs! Only it’s alive!” Fran said, bouncing on the sofa. 
“What? Come on, Fran.”
“I’m serious! The news is going to be there on Wednesday when they bring it in. And scientists, and archeologists, and-“
“Fran, a dragon? Seriously? Do you know how that sounds? Like, with wings and all?”
“Yes, with wings!”
“How would something like that even be alive?”
“Some of the scientists think that it was preserved in a glacier or something, and somehow woke up when it melted. You know, like some frogs do.”
“Whoa, wait. So are there like, more of these things in glaciers? Where’d they find it?”
“In the mountains in Norway. And I don’t know. But could you imagine?!” Fran said, thrusting herself back into the sofa.
“What does it look like? And why are they bringing it to a town like this? Shouldn’t they be like, analyzing it or something in some lab?” 
“I don’t know why they’re bringing it here, but I’m not complaining! Maybe they don’t have the equipment for it yet or something. Who cares? A dragon!”
Saphora couldn’t help but laugh at her excitement at facing one of the world’s most dangerous creatures, fantasy or not. 
“So that probably means you’re going to be putting in overtime until Wednesday, huh,” Saphora asked. Fran paused, her excitement taking a momentary dive.
“Oh, honey, I’m so sorry, but …” Saphora raised her hand to stop her explanation.
“It’s okay, Fran,” she laughed. “I understand. I told you I’m not mad anymore. Besides, it’s a fucking dragon. As far as excuses go, that’s pretty good.”
“You’ll be at the opening?”
“Yeah, like I’m going to miss the discovery of one of the greatest creatures of fantasy this world has ever known. Of course I’m going,” she said, dropping her head back against the sofa. 
“You seem tired … What were you doing during your walk?” Fran asked warily.
“Walking,” Saphora scoffed. “I walked the entire way home.”
“The entire way? You didn’t fly at all? That’s nearly a two hour walk, honey.”
“I know,” Saphora sighed. “But I really wanted to do some thinking. And flying has me spooked since Monday …”
“Oh,” Fran cooed, coming closer to her and placing her hand on Saphora’s thigh. “It must be scary now, after falling. It’s probably a good idea to give it a rest for a while.”
Saphora nodded as she closed her eyes. Fran rubbed her hand against Saphora’s thigh and looked about her face.
“It must be hard, with this whole Jones case,” Fran said softly after some moments of silence. Saphora opened her eyes to look over at Fran, her head still resting against the sofa. “I’m sorry if … I haven’t been much of a good mother lately. But … I always will be. Your mother, I mean. I know that I’m not, but …” Saphora lifted her head as Fran started to tear up. “You’ve always been a daughter to me. You know that, right?” she said, looking up at her with welling eyes. Saphora grimaced and leaned forward, wrapping her arms around Fran. This was the Fran she was looking for. The one that worried over everything, listened to anything, and always reassured her. 
“I know, I know, Fran. I just … I’m not used to you hesitating … doubting.” Fran shook her head, lowering it against Saphora’s shoulder. She hated to see her cry. Even though she had been so mad at her. How could she stand to see her mother cry? They could wage battles all they wanted, but they would both end up losing the war. The moment a tear fell from either side, the war was lost.
“I’m sorry. I just didn’t expect something like this to happen. I didn’t know what to think,” Fran sobbed into Saphora’s shoulder as she wrapped her arms around her. “I know you wouldn’t hurt anyone, honey. I know that. Not on purpose.” Saphora’s body tensed slightly at the last words, and her frown deepened. She still wasn’t sure. She still wasn’t sure that Saphora was telling the truth when she said that she didn’t kill that man. It hurt knowing that Fran couldn’t completely believe her. But, then again, she had to consider how her story – her explanation sounded to her. The thought of her being hunted down by some strange man from her past. She couldn’t blame Fran for wanting to believe it didn’t happen, and that there was just something wrong with her, that could be fixed with more therapy. Something she could do something about. 
 “It’s okay, Fran … It’s okay,” she cooed, stroking Fran’s back slowly. Fran continued to sob quietly, and Saphora continued holding her, comforting her, as she wanted to be comforted.




	“Saphora? What are you doing to – Ah!” Fran shouted coming into Saphora’s bedroom. Saphora was standing in the middle of the floor. Eyes white and glowing. Hair gently swaying about her head. There were several objects floating about in the room. A lamp, a pillow, the alarm clock, a shoe, a candle, and a pack of playing cards. Fran screamed and stumbled backwards, away from Saphora, tripping over her feet and falling to the floor. She immediately started backing away. The constant screaming broke Saphora’s concentration. The items fell around the room as her eyes returned to their normal colour. She blinked several times as her hair fell around her shoulders. Her breathing suddenly panicked as she looked around, her gaze finally finding Fran’s frightened one from below her. Saphora’s brows furrowed as she rushed to the shaken Fran, kneeling in front of her.
“Fran? What’s wrong? What-“
“What were you – you’re … there were things – floating … your eyes!” Fran sputtered as she looked at Saphora with wide eyes. Her hands tightly gripping the creases in her arms. 
“Oh, no, I – I was just practicing, Fran. It’s okay, I’m okay!” Saphora explained.
“P-Practicing?!” Fran stuttered, trying to get her body to stop trembling. “Practicing what?” Saphora paused, thinking of a way to explain what exactly she was practicing. She didn’t exactly have a name for it. 
“It’s … It’s just … What I did to stop you from falling down the stairs. It’s … something new I found out I can do.”
“New … but your eyes. They weren’t like that when I fell,” Fran breathed, looking forward at the various objects on the floor in Saphora’s room. She was still struggling to comprehend what had just happen, and understand that there was no threat level. 
“My eyes? What about my eyes?”
“They,” Fran swallowed. “They were glowing … They were white and … glowing.”
Saphora frowned, as her heart dove into her stomach. Her eyes? Had they really changed? She thought back to yesterday with Dr. Lupin. Had that been why he looked at her so strangely? Why he suddenly felt as if he could blackmail her with her own files? Fran had obviously not seen the shift in her eyes yesterday, if there had been any at all. She couldn’t be sure. But if something like that had happened, she knew that it would end up in her files. And if it had … 
She needed to get those files. 


Chapter 8

	“Saphora?” Maverick called out as he approached her. 
There was a light shush from the cashier as Saphora picked her head up from the book she was looking at. She had been at the book store for about twenty minutes, just to get a feel for the place. And since she had been walking, instead of flying, she overestimated the time it would take for her to reach the store. So she had been walking around, skimming over a few books that caught her attention. She had stopped on a book on the supernatural. It made her laugh, the thought of her going to such an obviously obnoxious book for help. But for some reason, she couldn’t put it down. She was a little embarrassed when Maverick walked up, catching her with the book. She closed it, turning to face him and giving a tight-lipped grin. 
“Hey, Maverick.” 
Maverick smiled, like the gitty boy he was. He huffed, standing in front of her, doing everything he could to keep eye contact. 
“How are you? You haven’t been here long, have you?” he asked, glancing around the nearly empty shop. Saphora shook her head, holding the book to her chest and crossing her arms around it.
“No, no. I just started walking a little too-“
“Walking? You walked here?” Maverick asked, dipping his head forward in shock. Saphora slowly shook her head, not expecting to be cut off. “Oh god. Why didn’t you let me pick you up? That must have taken ages.”
“No … I mean, not really. Like forty minutes, maybe. But it’s okay, I’m – it’s something I’m doing for staying calm, like you said.”
“Oh … good,” he said, smiling at the fact that she was taking his advice. “So how are you?”
“I’m … I’m alright. You?”
“You don’t sound too sure. Did something else-“
Saphora put her hand up. She sighed, looking back up at him with a sheepish smile.
“Can we … hold off on my life for a little while?” Saphora asked with some strain in her voice. 
“Yeah … Sorry. Uh, what’s that you’ve got there?”
Saphora’s mouth fell agape as the embarrassment came back. She lowered the book, holding it against her thighs as she shook her head.
“Oh – just some book I was looking at. It’s … It’s silly, really.”
“What is it about?” Maverick asked, trying to get a good look at the cover.
“It’s, err, supernatural stuff. I was just curious, that’s all.”
Maverick smiled, nodding.
“Are you into that kind of stuff? It’s okay if you are.” Saphora shook her head somewhat.
“Uh, just recently. I saw some show about it and just … thought of it when I saw this.” Maverick nodded.
“Do you believe in ghosts?”
“Ghosts? No … No, not really.”
“Oh, I thought maybe you did, since you didn’t want to go to the abandoned house. And now the book and all.”
“Why would a belief in ghosts keep me from going to the house?”
“Well, because it’s rumored that a ghost lives there. That’s all – not that you’d be afraid of ghosts or anything …”
“There’s a ghost in the house?” Saphora asked, her attention captured. The first thing popping into her head being the voice that she had heard that night. Could the voice have been the ghost that he was talking about? Maybe the ghost had been following her around since that night. 
“Well, it’s just a rumor,” Maverick nodded. “But if you see the inside of the house, it really looks like there could be. There’s like - it’s like, destroyed in there.”
Saphora looked down at the book, turning it up so that the cover was visible. She ran her hand softly along the glitter-covered cover of the book, considering the possibility of her theory. 
“What’s the rumor about?”
 Maverick shrugged. 
“Oh, I don’t know the whole thing. It started like fourteen years ago. Something like that. I was still in elementary school when I first heard it. There’s stories that a little girl was murdered there, and that her ghost still wanders around the house,” Maverick said, pausing. He chuckled. “Some people say there was a crash landing, and that the ghost is the ghost of an alien,” he laughed, shaking his head. 
“Heh … the things people come up with, right?” she said, averting her eyes.
“Yeah, but I don’t know. That house is pretty wrecked. I kind of believe the second one.”
Saphora’s grip on the book tightened, as she wondered just how many people believed that rumor. And if they did, if they had any idea of what actually happened that night. Another thought brushed by her – that maybe she was the ghost. 
The alien. 
“What do you think?” 
“Oh, I don’t know … I can’t really say I believe either,” she said, glancing to the side. 
She walked over to a nearby sofa that was placed in the store. There was a young woman sitting on reclining chair across from the sofa on her laptop. Saphora took the book with her as she sat down at the edge of the sofa, Maverick following closely behind. He plopped down next to her, sighing softly as he did. 
“Ah, come on. Which one do you think is more likely?” he asked, gesturing to nothing in particular. Saphora sighed, pretending to take the two options into consideration. She shrugged, shaking her head.
“I guess the alien,” she admitted reluctantly. Maverick nodded.
“Right? Cause I mean, if there was abuse going on in that house, I’m sure it would have been noticed before someone was killed.”
“Yeah.”
“So if you didn’t believe in ghosts, how come you didn’t want to go to the house?”
“Oh, it’s not that … I go there all the time. I was trying to avoid Fran. I knew she would be looking for me there.”
“All the time? Why do you go there so much?”
“I … It helps me think, up there. It’s the last place I remember.”
“What do you mean?”
“My amnesia … That house is the last place I remember being in before Fran took me in,” Saphora explained. 
“That house?”
“Yeah …”
“What happened at that house?”
There was a long pause. And Maverick prepared to take back his question, feeling the tension in the air thicken. 
“I’m … sorry, I-“
“No,” Saphora said, shaking her head. 
She gave a soft smile, looking up at the apologetic Maverick. She gazed into those light brown eyes, and sighed. Her life was changing enough as it were. What would sharing a story with one person do? After all, she doubted that he would believe anything she told him. She looked back at him, then down at the book, before setting it to the side. 
“Do you want to go there? I’ll tell you.”
Maverick’s eyes widened, hearing her offer. He didn’t know how to react initially. There was a mixture of excitement, doubt, and curiosity coursing through his thoughts. Excitement was the first thing his emotion decided to act on.
“Really?” 
Saphora was silent with her answer, but Maverick heard it loud and clear. He nodded, standing up and looking down at Saphora, who now had her neck craned to look at him. 
“Yeah! Sure,” he breathed, adjusting his jacket. “My car is out front.”
********

“You see what I mean, right?” Maverick asked, looking around the living room of the house. 
The floor was covered in dirt, leaves, twigs, and bits of rubble from the roof and walls. The walls’ colour was beginning to fade, and the richly decorative paneling was beginning to peel from all directions. It smelled of damp wood and musk, the house. But Saphora was used to it. Maverick, on the other hand, was not. You could hear it in his voice. 
“It really looks like something came crashing through here.”
Saphora made a noise of acknowledgement as she slowly made her way to the kitchen. There was always some anticipation. Some anxiety that her sanctuary would be gone each time she came to visit. But as always, the marble counter was still standing. Her hand grazed the top of the counter as she sighed. She welcomed the dust onto her hand, and even spread her fingers out as she reached the edge. 
“Saphora?” Maverick called, coming into the kitchen with her. Saphora turned around, interrupted from her thoughts. “Are you alright?” he asked a little wary. Saphora nodded, taking her hand from the counter and moving to hold her elbows with crossed arms. 
“Yeah … Yeah, sorry.” Maverick frowned. 
“It must have been bad …” Maverick said, coming a little closer to her. She looked up at him. “Whatever memory you have of this house,” he clarified. Saphora swallowed the sudden lump in her throat. She gave a nervous laugh and nodded.
“It’s not the best memory …” she said, looking down at the counter, wanting to wipe the dust off. Maverick was hesitant to ask again for the memory, fearful that she would become angered. So they were silent for about a minute before Saphora finally spoke up again. “Maverick?”
“Yeah?” he answered, almost in the middle of her question.
“You can keep a secret, right?”
Maverick started nodding, but before he could answer, Saphora continued.
“Especially if you telling that secret meant you never seeing me again?”
Maverick’s lungs twitched at the immediate threat of losing the girl he possibly had feelings for. He nodded again, slower this time as his lips pressed into a hard line. 
“I won’t tell anyone, Saphora. I swear.”
Saphora looked into his eyes. At the sincerity of his words, and couldn’t help but smile. It was a refreshing thing to see.
“You’re rare, you know,” Saphora said with a slight shake of her head.
“Rare?” Maverick questioned. Saphora nodded, and he chuckled a scoff. “Says the girl with natural anime features.”
Saphora laughed and shook her head.
“I was born with this. People aren’t born with kindness. Or forgiveness … And they’re even more likely to lose them after having met the world.” 
“What have I to forgive you for?” Saphora scoffed.
“So you’re not mad at me for raging at you?” Maverick shook his head. “Not in the slightest?”
“If anything I was afraid. That I’d lost whatever this is before it even got started.”
Saphora blinked, a little stunned by his response. Her mouth hung in a state of hesitation for her next words. Part of her wanted to deny that anything was starting, and part of her wanted to be grateful. She was grateful. That someone would care if she were to be gone from their life. Even after such a small amount of time. 
“Thanks …” she mumbled, still staring at him. He smiled and shook his head, sticking his thumbs in his pockets. His shoulders shrugged and he looked away from her, feeling a bit flustered.
“Eh, it’s just the truth.”
“Well thanks for telling it,” she said with a slight nod. “Not enough people admit it, these days. The truth.” Maverick shifted his weight on his feet, breathing in.
“So … What about you?” he asked. Saphora shook her head some, briefly confused. “Are you going to tell me the truth?”
“If you’re going to keep it a secret.”
Maverick nodded silently and Saphora took a deep breath.
“Well, it was raining, and …” Saphora stopped, mid-sentence. Her eyes wide. She made a sharp turn to her left, her eyes studying the area. She heard a creak. It disobeyed the rhythmic and tuned creaks that constantly echoed throughout the house. And it was only one. It was a creak caused by a pressured weight on the floor. But Maverick and Saphora – they were on tile. Saphora’s heart thrust against her chest as a chill coursed through her. She looked up at Maverick, who was looking over in the direction she once had been. 
“What is-“
“Shh,” Saphora urged, cutting him off. She tilted her head in the direction that she had heard the creak. And when she heard it again, her stomach fell. No, she thought. Not here. She stepped forward with cat-like motions, as she strained to hear anything else. His voice. His breathing. Anything. But what she heard confused her. It was a soft crackling. Both Maverick and Saphora gasped as they saw flames begin crawling into the kitchen. Maverick took several steps back as Saphora stood in horror. There he was. 
Tebias.
“Saphora, get back!” Maverick shouted, coming forward to pull her back by her arm. She stumbled backwards, being forced to partially turn towards him during the pull. Her eyes stayed fixed on the flames that started licking up the doorway of the kitchen. She wanted to rush to put them out. To save the house. But what about Maverick? He was about to be in grave danger, if he was not already. Saphora looked past him to the boarded up window above the counter against the wall. With a quick refocusing, the boards were ripped from their positions and flung about the room, leaving the window bare and easy to climb through. Saphora started pushing Maverick backwards, making him stumble slightly.
“Out the window. Climb out of the window!” she urged, pushing him on. He turned around, squinting at the light that was coming from the now clear window frame. He nodded, moving towards it.
“Right.” he said, pulling her along. “Come on!” he said, trying to pull her in front of him. But she shook her head, tugging back and pushing him instead.
“You first,” she said, turning her head to look behind her. Maverick tugged on her harder and Saphora’s feet skid against the grimy tile. 
“No way!” he said, reaching his other arm around her waist to pull her forward. And for a moment she was stunned by the little resistance she was able to produce against him. Her mind flashed to Tebias dragging her across the counter top, and proceeding to drag her along the long the floor against her will. She whimpered, her mind momentarily reverting back to her seven year old self. Her eyes went wide as their colour shifted from a ruby red to a glowing white. 
“No!” Saphora shouted, unleashing a wave of energy from her body, and sending Maverick flying through the wall, taking the window out with him. He crashed onto the ground with a thud and rolled into a still stop a few feet from the house. Wind picked up around Saphora for a few seconds before her psyche switched back, and she realized what she had done. She took in a sharp breath of air as she leaned over the counter, trying to peer out of the hole that was now taking the place of the window. 
“Maverick … Maverick?!” she shouted down at him. 
He was unmoving on the grass. But she could see that he was breathing. She waited for some type of response from him. But instead, she heard a cocky chuckle from behind her. She spun around, anger in her dimming white eyes. She gripped onto the counter behind her as she looked at the entering Tebias. Flames following him like an army. 
“Who was that? A lover?” Tebias mocked, acting as if he was peering over her shoulder. “Doesn’t look like you’re treating him very well.” Saphora glared, actually taking a step forward. Her fists balled, surprising Tebias. 
“Leave him alone,” she warned, in a voice that was not her own. It was altered by both fear and rage. 
“Don’t be ridiculous, child,” he said in disgust, taking a step forward, and casually removing his leather gloves. “I couldn’t care less about the human. You, on the other hand … Are beginning to ware on my nerves,” he said as his eyes narrowed. 
“Yeah? Likewise. My life is falling apart because of you,” Saphora jabbed, spreading her feet apart so that her stance was a little sturdier. 
“Your life? And what does your life consist of? Entertaining these humans? Suppressing your power? For what? You have no idea the life you’ve given up. That you’ve cast aside for this pathetic one.”
That made Saphora angry. And her eyes brightened in their whiteness, making Tebias rethink his step forward. He made it seem like Saphora wanted nothing to do with the life she could not remember, which was anything but the truth. All she’d ever wanted was to be able to remember. To be able to remember the face of her mother. Her father. To remember what they were like. To know why she was abandoned. She took another step forward, her fists twitching with her growing rage. He had crossed two lines. Making her hurt someone who actually gave a damn about her, and accusing her of not caring for those she could not remember. Now she was angry. And Tebias could feel the gust pick up ever so slightly in the room.
“You think I abandoned it? All I can remember is you! And that damned night! And it’s ruined any chance of me rebuilding any sort of life! I go to therapy and tell them again and again about that night. About you. And yet no one believes me when I say you tried to kill me,” Saphora raged. Tebias chuckled.
“What a sad story. So you haven’t remembered anything else? Not your mother? Your father …”
“I’m warning you.”
Tebias laughed. 
“Always entertaining, I’ll give you that much,” he mocked with a sigh. But then his posture changed, becoming more serious. And Saphora’s confidence wavered just a bit. “But unfortunately, I cannot return home without your corpse.” And with that, flames sprouted in the palms of his hands, startling Saphora into taking a step back against the counter. She looked at him with a new fear. She had thought that she could defend herself against any other weapons he had. That she could use her new found control over her gift to keep him at bay, and maybe even defeat him. But seeing the fire sprout from his palm quickly destroyed that thought of hope, and replaced it with despair and fear. He was like her. Different. Mutated somehow. Only his power, she decided, greatly outweighed hers.
“Which means of course, that one of us must die,” he concluded with a smirk, before launching the first ball of fire at Saphora. She screamed and flung herself to the ground behind the counter. The ball flew out of the hole in the wall and hit a tree in the back yard of the property, causing its limbs to burst into flames. Saphora gasped and stumbled to her knees.
“Maverick!” she screamed, gripping the edge of the marble counter top. But before she could curse at Tebias, she felt the sizzling of her flesh from making contact with another fire ball. She cried out, bringing her hand to her chest and curling around it. Tears stung her eyes as the pain crippled her momentarily. There was still no answer from Maverick. Only more laughter from Tebias. 
“Maverick. What an odd name. Typical of the humans,” Tebias scoffed, stepping closer to the island counter. Saphora sobbed, squeezing her hand against her. She clenched her teeth, unable to respond any other way. She needed to get away. She needed to get Maverick away. She’d be damned if she was the cause of him losing his life. She looked around the kitchen frantically, her eyes stopping on the oven in the corner. She stared at it in thought. She’d never lifted anything that size before. Nor with such the momentum that she would need. 
“Maybe I’ll keep him as a pet after I’ve finished with you,” he chuckled. And then grunted as the stove suddenly made contact with his chest. He tumbled back onto the floor with a growl, his hands coming to either side of the stove. Saphora scrambled to her feet and rushed to jump out of the window. She was unstable because of her hand, but thanks to her manipulation of levitation, she was able to get to the ground beside Maverick. She crawled to his still body and immediately started to shake his shoulder.
“Maverick? Maverick please,” she sobbed, shaking harder.
Meanwhile, Tebias was tossing the stove, rather easily, to the side of him into the wall closest to the kitchen’s doorway. He groaned as he sat up, laughing.
“So you’ve been practicing! Good! I was afraid this was going to be boring!” he bellowed. Saphora whined, shaking Maverick with a little more force. He coughed, turning over onto his back as his eyes started to flutter open. He peered up at the relieved Saphora with confusion, and a really bad headache. 
“Saphora?” he mumbled through the pain.
“Maverick, you need to get out of here. Get up,” Saphora urged. Maverick slowly sat up into a sitting position, his hand finding his temple.
“What are you talking about? What happened? Why am I on the ground? What happened to your hand?” he said, sounding more concerned with each question. Saphora stood, trying to get Maverick to do the same.
“It’s nothing. Run!” she said as he got to his feet. 
As she got him to stand, she was horrified to see Tebias standing in the hole of the house’s wall with flaming hands. Watching as he cocked his hands back, she hurried to push Maverick forward, using her power to lift him a little further than his own feet would allow. He fumbled onto the ground towards the burning tree with a grunt, Saphora close behind. The fire struck the ground with a slap, shards of fire bouncing off the impact and spreading. Maverick screeched, seeing the fire hit the ground just behind Saphora, and then again when a burning branch fell from the tree above him, landing just to his left. He jerked to the right, looking back and forth from the fires in horror. And then to Saphora.
“Saphora?!” was all he was able to manage. 
Saphora groaned, pushing herself up with her hands with gritted teeth. 
“Saphora!” Maverick screamed, grabbing her attention. 
She gasped, and rolled to the side in time to dodge the fire ball that was aimed at her back. She coughed, the fumes from the burning grass beginning to hinder her airways. Making her way over to Maverick, she could hear Tebias laughing.
“Saphora … What’s going on? How is he doing that?” he asked, his focus mainly on Tebias, surprisingly. He hadn’t even begun to question Saphora, and her part in Tebias’ appearance. But with things going as they were, she couldn’t afford to just keep dodging. She had to take a stand. Maybe then at least Maverick could get away. She sighed, coughing in the process.
“He’s a secret,” she coughed, trying to smile. But he looked at her in confusion. She knew that he was torn between believing her and scolding her for making a joke at a time this. “I’m sorry, Maverick. This isn’t what I wanted to show you today,” she said with remorse as she looked back at smug Tebias. “But I’m not going to let my fear be the cause of your death.” Maverick swallowed hard, his eyes bulging.
“My death?!”
Saphora stood up with some difficulty, and turned to face Tebias while taking several steps forward to keep the space between him and Maverick. Tebias tilted his head in amusement. 
“Maverick, as soon as you can, run far away from here. Okay?” Saphora called out to him. Maverick scoffed, trying to regain the breath that was constantly being taken by the fumes. He shook his head. He had no idea what was happening, but his personality would not allow him to run away from a woman in need of help. Wobbling to his feet, he refused, and stepped forward to stand with Saphora. 
“What’s this?” Tebias laughed, gesturing to Maverick. “The human wants to defend you. How precious.” Saphora glared at Tebias before turning to look at Maverick in annoyance. 
“What the hell are you doing?” she scolded. 
“Protecting you!” Maverick grunted and coughed as the wind was knocked out of him by a blow to the stomach. Saphora had swung her arm against him in response to his outburst of foolish bravery. He bent over, wrapping one arm around his stomach and looking over at Saphora in disbelief. 
“Protect me?! Honestly, you pick now to be an idiot? I’m trying to save your life!” Saphora yelled. Maverick stood straight, groaning in pain while Tebias’ laughter continued. 
“Well. As heartfelt as his bravery is, I’m afraid we’re going to have to keep this moving,” Tebias said as he raised his flaming hands. Saphora looked towards him with despair and moved to cover Maverick as the first fire ball was flung. Saphora pushed Maverick onto the ground and raised her hand to attempt blocking her face from the hit. And she was successful. With the swinging of her protective hand, the fire ball was guided to the right of her into the ground. Saphora opened her eyes when she heard the sound of the fire making contact with the ground, in time to see Tebias launch the other one towards her. Both her hands raised in defense, her eyes closing again. This time the fire ball dissolved against a type of force field that thinly surrounded Saphora’s torso. The impact of the ball still sent her staggering back a few steps. She panted heavily as her hands lowered, a little surprised. She looked down at her hands, then back up at Tebias with new found confidence. Tebias frowned and let out a snarl.
“Right then,” he said under his breath as he ignited his palms once again. “Let’s stop this game,” he said, hurriedly flinging both the fire balls at Saphora. His patience was being tested once again, and he couldn’t afford to drag out another encounter. Time was no longer on his side. Saphora raised her arms again, and again was knocked back a few steps from the force of the impacts against her force field. 
Maverick instinctively crawled back with Saphora’s steps as he looked on in shock. Seeing the magic with his own eyes was throwing him for a loop. All he could think about in that moment was getting away from the flames. His mind was too busy trying to piece together what was happening for him to do anything else. 
But to Saphora’s dismay, Tebias didn’t stop at the two blasts. They kept coming, larger each time. And with each hit to her force field, she could feel her level of energy deplete. She grimaced as she felt her power leaving her, and stole a glimpse at the cowering Maverick behind her. What would happen to him if she was to fail? 
Desperately, she fought to pour more of her energy into the force field. Her eyes glowing white in the process. But she knew it was a battle she was destined to lose. It was taking a lot to keep the shield up, and with Tebias continuously pouring more power into his shots, it was only a matter of time before the shield failed. 
And it did, to her surprise, sooner than she had anticipated. Tebias suddenly called forth an ongoing stream of fire from his palms, keeping it up until it broke through Saphora’s makeshift shield and sent her flying back into the trunk of the burning tree with a plethora of severe burns. 
Saphora slowly slid down against the tree trunk until she was on the ground, trying to force her lungs to take in air. Maverick scrambled over to her, eyes wide. His hands wavered over her burned torso, unsure if moving her would make her pain worse. But looking up at the tree, and its falling limbs, he knew she couldn’t stay under it for much longer.
“Saphora?” Maverick asked in a panicked voice as Tebias began to take slow steps forward. Maverick clenched his fists as the sight of Saphora so heavily wounded took its effect. Angry and confused, Maverick glared up at Tebias, and he cocked an eyebrow. “God dammit, what the hell are you?!” he screamed. 
“Not human,” Tebias answered bluntly with a tone of indifference. 
“Even if you aren’t! What kind of a man tortures a woman like this?!” Maverick said, moving to stand in Tebias’ way. Saphora, through squinted eyes tried to speak out to Maverick, her arm shifting forward in an attempt to raise itself. She wanted to cry out to him. To tell him to run. But her injuries were proving to be too great. Tebias sighed, rolling his eyes in annoyance as if listening to the yapping of a small dog.
“Human, are you this daft to not flee? What do you think this is?” Tebias questioned, raising a flaming hand. “Magic? Because I can assure you, this is no trick. Simply look behind you if you have any doubts.”
Maverick stood with gritted teeth and clenched fists. He wasn’t going to just step aside and let this crazed man have his way with Saphora. Even if it meant his own death. Tebias sighed, shaking his head. The stupidity of the humans both amazed and annoyed him. He wasn’t about to let some human stand in his way of redemption. Not when he was so close. 
“Right then. Your last act of bravery. Let’s make it quick, shall we?” Tebias said before moving to hurl a fire ball at Maverick’s chest. Maverick closed his eyes, preparing to feel the burn of the flames. But they never came. 
They were extinguished by spheres of water hailing from the sky. Each aimed to target the orbs of fire. When colliding, they created a film of mist that quickly covered the surrounding area. The water came from the hands of Hydra, who landed in front of Maverick, soon after the much appreciated ambush. Maverick coughed from the sudden intake of mist, and took a number of steps back towards the once burning tree. It had been put out of its misery by the kind hands of Hydra, as was the fire that had been started in the house. 
Maverick looked down at the now unconscious Saphora with relief. He didn’t know what had just happened, but it had bought him some time. Kneeling down, he reached out to touch her hand, hoping to have a reaction from her. But she was still. 
“I was wondering when Vida was going to send some help for this poor girl,” Tebias chuckled. 
He was met with silence from the stern stare of a very peeved Hydra. She stood in a non-confrontational stance, contrasting with her battle-ready glare. She saw clearly through the mist, watching every move Tebias made. It wasn’t long before that mist cleared, revealing the two entities to Maverick’s mortal eyes. 
He saw, standing protectively before him, a woman. From behind her he could see her navy blue hair, blowing gently in the small gusts of wind. Looking down her form, his eyes stopped once they noticed spheres of water surrounding her open hands. His body froze as he thought, oh god, not another one. He had thought that by some grace of god, they were being spared. But seeing another unconceivable range of abilities, his hope took a dive.
“Leave now, Tebias. While you still can,” Hydra threatened generously. Tebias smiled.
“It’s nice to see you too, Hydra. Always a pleasure,” he countered. Hydra was a being of few expressions, and an expression of amusement would not be wasted on Tebias’ banter.
“Unfortunately I cannot say the same.”
“Yes, well. I know my temper can sometimes get the better of me.”
“You’re taking your situation too lightly, Tebias,” Hydra warned. “There is no longer any hope to save you, your mother, nor anyone that follows her. Death will greet you all if your madness does not stop.” 
Maverick listened with optimistic understanding – that this one was not going to kill them. From the sound of things, she seemed to be an ally of Saphora’s, which was a relief to him.
“If?” Tebias questioned. “I thought there was no longer hope,” he mocked. Hydra’s eyes narrowed as she slowly raised her water-wielding hands. 
“Suit yourself,” she huffed flicking her hand forward to launch several small spheres of water at Tebias. He countered with a couple of fire orbs, and once again, they canceled each other out, creating another cloud of mist. Hydra used that to turn her attention towards the very confused Maverick. 
“Can you walk?” she inquired. Maverick, dumbfounded, nodded up at the mystical woman. “Get Saphora out of here. Get as far away as you can,” she ordered, just as another fire ball came crackling through the mist. Maverick tucked his head under his arm in anticipation as Hydra countered with another sphere of water, this time followed by multiple shards of ice. Tebias grunted in pain as the counter attack hit. Maverick picked his head back up cautiously.
“What about you? Who are you?”
“There’s no time. Go!” she demanded, before rushing into the mist to meet Tebias in battle. Maverick reached his hand out towards her, wanting her to wait and answer his questions. But a soft moan from Saphora immediately grasped his attention. The woman was right. Saphora was a priority. And if he couldn’t do anything to match the power of Tebias to protect her, the least he could do was get her away from him.
Sweeping her up delicately in his trembling arms, Maverick stood, keeping a close eye on the mist in front of him. He listened to the sounds of combat as he carefully made his way to his car that was parked on the lower end of the street. Careful not to bend her too much, Maverick tilted the passenger seat back before setting Saphora in the car, and buckling her in. Looking back at the madness of mist, flames, and ice, Maverick wasted no time getting to the other side of the Camaro. Buckling himself in, he made once last glance back at the scene before speeding off down the road.



Tebias just barely dodged a swift-moving shard of ice, which was aimed for the center of his forehead. He had pivoted to the right, narrowly avoiding the fatal contact, but grazing the side of his face in the process. He chuckled as he panted, raising his hand to wipe the blood. She, on the other hand seemed to be untouched by his flames. She stood once again in a non-confrontational stance, her hands still wielding spheres of water.
“I almost believed that shot was meant to kill me,” he chuckled, tightening his fist. There was a cold sweat on his forehead. 
“Next time I won’t miss.”
Tebias smiled.
“I still don’t see why you’ve chosen to stay on a side that is bound to fall.” 
“Save it, Tebias. I’m not the one out of breath.”
Tebias ground his teeth as they gritted. His smug grin couldn’t hide the fact that he was getting weaker. He may have been strong enough to defeat Saphora at the level of power she was currently at. But at his current stats, he was nowhere near powerful enough to take down Hydra, and he knew it. She knew it.
“You’re not fooling anyone, Tebias. You’ve been on this planet without Vasuki for years now. I’m surprised you’re able to walk, let alone summon fire.”
“If you know my condition, why are you holding back? Why not just kill me?”
Hydra was silent for a brief moment, catching the attention of Tebias. 
“Because although we will kill you all if we have to, we do not have the desire to. But I have given you your last warning.” 
“What chivalry … Even after all your precious kingdom has faced? What it’s lost? How is it doing without its king, I wonder? Vida must be feeling weak herself without the presence of her beloved,” Tebias jabbed. Hydra’s eyes narrowed.
“Watch yourself, Tebias. You have no right-“
“I have every right!” Tebias bellowed with sudden rage, his hands tightly wound into fists. Hydra was taken aback by his swift change in speech. 
“At one time, perhaps. But your mother brought her misfortune on herself. The right is no longer yours. Nor will it ever be.”
Tebias scowled, his hands igniting as his eyes squinted in fury. He’d be damned if he was hearing the truth. They were all keeping him from his truth. His salvation. 
“Even if it’s from the pits of hell, I’ll see that you all burn.”

********

Through the dark halls of the stone temple, lit by burning torches along either sides of the walls, Delilah went rushing through in search of Hades, with Corvina following close behind her. Delilah had just seen something that she knew she had to share with Hades. Tebias was in danger, and as a result, so was their plan. Ares would not be pleased.
“Are you sure, Delilah?” Corvina asked, doing her best to keep up with her. 
“Sure as the waters she calls home.” 
“But why Hydra? Why not Mizuko?”
“I don’t know, dammit. But she’s there. And Tebias is not strong enough to face her again.” Delilah pushed open the double doors in front of her, to find Hades sitting on one of his sofas, reading a book. Upon hearing the doors open, Hades lifted his head to see his fiancé’s stressed expression. He closed the book, setting it aside before standing up.
“Delilah? What is it?” he asked, his gaze shifting from Delilah to Corvina multiple times. Corvina shook her head in silence as Delilah spoke.
“Tebias is going to fail,” she exclaimed, stepping further into the room. Hades furrowed his brows skeptically, as his head tilted downwards.
“Fail? What are you talking about?” Hades insisted with a dismissive hand, turning around to pick his book back up. Delilah shook her head.
“Vida has sent Hydra to Earth.” Hades paused, his eyes darkening as he slowly turned back around. There was a moment of silence that lingered, creating a dense, dark atmosphere in the otherwise peaceful study. 
“When?”
“They’ve already fought. Tebias had no choice but to flee. But he’s sustained injuries from the encounter,” Delilah explained, coming closer to Hades. Hades had his eyes fixed on the floor as he listened. “Hades, if he were to engage in another attempt to slay Saphora he would not only fail, but he could fall.” Hades eyes raised to level with hers. He scoffed and turned away from Delilah. But as he did, he thought about her words. What if Tebias did fail? What if his brother fell? He grimaced, his jaw clenching at the thought of him falling to the hands of a woman.
“Hades,” Delilah said, grasping his attention once more. “We must tell Ares.”

Chapter 9

Pacing around the wooden floor of his one bedroom apartment, Maverick’s sense of reality was falling to shambles. He had just witnessed what looked like a battle from a well-rendered movie. He had run off with a severely injured woman. Not to a hospital, but to his apartment. And said woman, if even a woman at all, was now hovering over his bed in some sort of unresponsive meditative trace. His fingers scratched at the sides of his skull constantly as he contemplated his next move.
Why is this happening? he thought. All he wanted to do was enjoy Saphora’s company. How is this even happening? he thought. This didn’t happen in real life. Assassins, death matches, ambushes. Okay, maybe they did. But superpowers? He was pretty sure that crossed the line into the unfathomable. He had nearly broken through the skin on his skull when his hands finally left his head. He walked back into his room to check on Saphora, but wasn’t sure if he was relieved or worried to find her as he had left her.
Her eyes half open, revealing the dim glow of wide eyes. The same trace of colour emitting from the intricate markings on her back. Her hair idly swaying about her head and face. Her body more or less still, other than the gentle movements to stay afloat. 
The injuries, including larges gashes, severe burns, and bruises, were slowly but surely vanishing from her body. He watched her carefully. He wasn’t sure about the emotion he was feeling. On one hand, there was fear. Fear of the unknown. Fear that Jared and Liz had been right about her. That he was mad for pursuing her. But on the other hand, there was guilt. Guilt that he couldn’t help her – defend her from Tebias. Even though he had seen the horrors that were involved with this girl’s life, he still felt drawn to her. And all he could do to cope was keep moving. 
And move he did, when he heard a knocking on his door. He nearly fell to the ground in anticipation. His eyes shifted around his room, almost immediately fixing on Saphora. She had not moved. 
He reached over to his right, and grabbed a baseball bat that was leaning against his dresser. Gripping its handle tightly, he carefully stood, and started towards his front door. Whoever was at his door, they weren’t getting in. And they weren’t getting away. With a held breath, he unlocked and jerked the door open with his left hand, raising his right simultaneously. He went to swing without a considerable thought, and the bat was caught. Slender fingers wrapped around the end of the bat and applied pressure. It took Maverick hearing the beginning of the wood cracking for him to actually see who he was attacking. It was Hydra. Maverick instantly let go of the bat, stumbling for words to justify an apology. 
Hydra met his widened gaze with a skeptical one. The first thing Maverick noticed now that he was standing face to face with the woman was that she had no pupils. The bat was flung back into the apartment as Maverick forced himself to produce a sentence.
“M-Ma’am!” stammered the shocked Maverick. “I am so-“
“Saphora’s here?” she asked, walking into the apartment. He didn’t make a move to stop her, thinking that maybe she was some sort of guardian of hers. And if that was the case, he had no right to keep her from checking in on her, regardless of their unknown species. Maverick nodded, closing the door as she turned for his response.
“Y-Yeah, she’s uh, in the bedroom. Over there,” Maverick gestured. Hydra made her way to the room he indicated and slowly peaked around the open door. Saphora was still in her meditative state of regeneration, eliciting a sigh of relief from Hydra.
“At least she’s got that mastered. Or her subconscious does, at the most,” she mumbled to herself during her observation. As Maverick walked up to her, he stopped when she gave him her attention. As if on a tightrope, Maverick kept his feet perfectly still, while his arms twitched to keep their position. 
“Thank you,” Hydra offered genuinely. Maverick blinked. “Without you distracting Tebias, I may not have gotten there in time.”
“Oh, that …” Maverick sighed. Being labelled as a distraction rather than actual help was a little rough, but as least he had been acknowledged for contributing. “Yeah, you’re welcome.”
“And without you there to get Saphora out, the situation could have been a lot worse.”
Maverick couldn’t help but grin at the compliment. 
“How long has she been like this?” she asked, turning her attention back to Saphora as she began to step into the bedroom. Maverick followed cautiously.
“Like twenty minutes after I brought her in. Maybe for about two hours?”
“Good. She’s almost healed. She should be waking up soon,” she said, moving closer to the bed to get a better look at her. Maverick chewed on the inside of his lip as he contemplated revealing his questions to the woman. Starting with her name.
“Excuse me,” he began. Hydra granted him her attention. “I don’t mean to interrupt whatever’s going on, but who are you? Who was that man? Who is she?” he asked, gesturing towards Saphora lastly. Hydra arched a brow.
“Are you not an acquaintance of Saphora’s?” she asked, turning her body towards Maverick. Maverick hurried a nod.
“Oh, yes. Yes, I –“
“Then why do you ask who she is?”
“I didn’t mean-“
“You meant what. You want to know what she is. What I am. What he is.” 
Maverick grimaced in shame. It was as if he was being accused of some kind of prejudice. Like the early settlers to the Americas asking ‘what’ instead of ‘who’. 
“It’s fine. It’s only natural for a human to have such questions.”
“Are you not human?” asked Maverick, catching the emphasis on the word. 
“Did you honestly think we were? After that?” Hydra asked. Maverick gave a nervous chuckle with a shrug of his shoulders.
“I thought maybe toxic waste, or-“
“Don’t be foolish. We are not of Earth. Or even this galaxy. We are Athenians. And I am a guardian.”
“Athen … Guardian? Are you Saphora’s guardian? I thought Fran was.” 
Hydra giggled.
“A very different type of guardian. Though I suppose in purpose, not so much. But no, I am not her guardian. I am Hydra, guardian of Mizuko, master of water.”
Maverick nodded slowly, trying to force himself to accept the information. But all he could seem to salvage was her name.
“Hydra … Okay, so why are you here? Don’t get me wrong; I’m glad you showed up. But why?”
“This isn’t Saphora’s first encounter with Tebias.”
“And who’s Tebias?” Maverick asked with some anger. Hydra paused. 
“I can only answer one question at a time, Maverick.” Maverick nodded, raising his hands.
“Sorry. There’s just a lot of questions.”
“And you’re entitled to answers. As is Saphora when she awakes. Tebias was sent to this planet to assassinate Saphora.”
“Assassinate? Why – Who?”
“His mother. Because she is a vital part of our kingdom’s survival of an approaching war.”
“War?”
As he opened his mouth to speak again, Saphora dropped from her meditative hover onto the springy mattress of Maverick’s bed. Both Hydra and Maverick looked over with alarm. Especially Maverick. Seeing her fall out of such a fragile state shook him, and he hurried to step forward, his hands jutting in front of him. Hydra leaned over Saphora slightly, visually checking her vital signs. 
“What happened? What’s wrong with her?” Maverick asked, watching Hydra’s actions with a hard stare. Hydra waved her hand slowly over Saphora’s body, checking for any areas that emitted excess heat, which would indicate a problem with minimal observation. No immediate areas were noticed, but before Hydra could get to her chest, Saphora’s hand sprang up to grip her wrist. With a gasping breath, her white eyes shot open, wide and alert, before dimming to the ruby colour. They shifted in Hydra’s direction, following her hand up to her figure. Hydra’s body had stiffened when her wrist was seized. Saphora’s breathing was ragged and uneven, as her eyes trailed from Hydra to Maverick, staying there. Their expressions almost mirrored each other.
“Maverick?” Saphora breathed. 
“Saphora,” said Hydra. Saphora’s eyes snapped to the unknown face and immediately narrowed. Her grip on Hydra’s wrist tightened more than she was aware of, causing Hydra to lean forward in pain.
“Who are you? Where are we?” Saphora practically hissed. Hydra groaned in discomfort as she tried to remember not to respond with self-defense. Hydra thought carefully on what to say to succeed in getting Saphora to calm down, but Maverick beat her to the punch.
“Saphora, stop! She helped us!” Maverick urged, stepping forward. Saphora’s head snapped in Maverick’s direction, and her anger slowly subsided. The grip on Hydra’s wrist loosened.
“Helped?” she questioned, letting Hydra’s wrist go. She sat up in the bed, her expression quickly swaying from anger to guilt.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to-“
“It’s fine. I shouldn’t have been hovering over you like that,” Hydra smiled. Saphora’s focus stayed on Hydra’s wrist for a moment longer before she started looking around the unfamiliar room. It was very … boyish. There were posters of women from video games, game consoles and controls, along with game cartridges stacked and piled beside a desk against the far end of the wall to her left. There was a guitar leaning against the other side of the desk, which was a shiny raven black. The floor, which was covered with a dark mustard rug was surprisingly clean, aside from a jacket, which she recognized to be hers, tossed beside the bed.
“Are we …”
“My room – err, my apartment. Yes. I’m sorry, but I didn’t think to bring you to a hospital.”
“No, it’s good that you didn’t. Your human technology may have ended up hurting her. Or worse, disrupted her regeneration.”
Saphora looked down at her body through her torn and singed clothing. Through patches of holes she could see her once burned skin. It was completely healed, and even seeming to glow with radiance, as if brand new. Saphora exhaled in disbelief, blinking rapidly. She couldn’t believe it. 
And then she thought of how they got there. That face off with Tebias. She looked up at Maverick, who was still watching her. He had seen everything. She frowned, knowing that he would probably resent her for putting him in such danger. And she couldn’t blame him if he did, though it was not her intention. She sighed, not being able to help feeling responsible.
But the apology would have to wait. She turned her attention to the woman beside the bed. Maverick said she helped them, but how? She didn’t know this woman. And she certainly didn’t know why she would help them when faced with a terror like Tebias. 
“Who are you?” Saphora finally asked again, now that she had calmed down enough not to focus on fighting. Hydra didn’t answer the question as they shared gazes.
“We have much to discuss, Saphora.” 


	

It was now late in the evening, and Maverick was driving Saphora home after a long day of traumatic, confusing, and enlightening events. Maverick was more or less in a state of indifferent shock, while Saphora was suffering from a migraine large enough to take down a fully grown elephant. She had just been fed enough information to overload every government database in the United States. Hydra had given her a brief rundown of who she was, and why she had shown up to help her. 
She had found out that she was the daughter of a very powerful, and very worried queen. Queen of the Kiran kingdom – making her a princess. She had been sent away during a war, landing her on Earth for her survival. Tebias, who she had already grown to know in one way, had been sent from the enemy to kill her, thereby getting rid of the heir to the throne, and their possible victory of the war. Though the learning of the war and her assassin’s motives were capturing, Saphora’s attention was engulfed in the discovery of her mother. She searched, and searched for some trace of memory, but her brain was bent on keeping her memories from her. Kiran … she thought to herself. Her last name sounded so foreign to her. She had gone her entire known life without a last name, having refused to take Fran’s. 
Hydra had also informed Saphora that she was sent by her mother to protect and train Saphora. To prepare her for the trip back home. Saphora, at first, out of an instinct not to leave Fran, refused to leave. But she immediately rethought her answer. She wanted more than anything to see her mother. Her father. Any family that she’d be able to see. Hydra had told her that she did not know exactly the powers Saphora had, nor the ones she would be able to possess in the future, but that she was there to do her best to help her learn to control and develop them. Saphora was understandably hesitant about showing her powers to anyone. She had almost hurt a few people, and she was a little more reluctant to do anything with them that didn’t involve protecting herself or someone else. But seeing as though Hydra knew her mother, it made her a little more willing to at least consider her help. 
And at the same time, her mind was in turmoil. She concluded that the point of this training was not only to defend against Tebias or anyone and anything else for that matter, but also to fight in a war on Athena. Saphora may have had some gifts uncommon to humans, but she was by no means war-savvy. She didn’t know the first thing about it. And she sure as hell wasn’t fit to go into battle. Especially not with people that could share, or even surpass her own “powers”. She didn’t want to fight in a war she knew nothing about. But she also didn’t want to abandon her mother like she had thought she had begun to think she had done her. Knowing that her mother was still out there, worried for her, enough to send someone to be with her, made her scold her insecurities. She couldn’t just leave her mother to face hell on her own. But what help could she be? A chunk of nerves were knotting up in her stomach as her thoughts went back and forth.
She was more or less silent during the car ride, aside from a groan here and there. But after a while, Maverick’s hesitance gave way, and he finally spoke up as they pulled up to a red light in town. 
“So uh … Is she really going to be staying with me?” Maverick asked, referring to the silent Hydra that was sitting in the back seat of the Camaro. Saphora’s thoughts were interrupted, and she glanced back at Hydra, who was watching the road in slight fascination. Before Saphora could speak, Hydra answered.
“You have to be watched.” Maverick scoffed.
“Right, because I’m the alien race that has super powers. Yeah, me, the human with no powers. I’m the one that needs to be watched.” Maverick shook his head, his thumb thumping on the steering wheel. Hydra leaned forward, directing her attention to Maverick. 
“Are you saying I am not trustworthy?” 
“No, I’m saying I don’t understand why you need to be watching me so closely. I mean, what could I possibly-“
“You could expose Saphora,” Hydra accused. The car grew silent, and Saphora’s attention was drawn back in. Her eyes somewhat fearful, and very skeptical. And now again, since meeting him, she was questioning whether or not she could trust him.
“How do I know you won’t go to your people’s authorities? I am staying with you for Saphora’s protection until I am sure you can be trusted. But also for yours.”
“My protection?”
“Yes. I am not sure if Tebias will be back. But if he attempts to contact us again, I have a feeling he will be coming for you.”
Saphora looked towards Hydra with a grimace.
“For him?”
“Yes. Because he is human, the task of killing him would be relatively easy,” Hydra started. Maverick scoffed.
“Oh gee, thanks.”
“He may end up trying to use him as a way to get you to agree to offer yourself.”
Maverick stayed quiet as he tried to contain his child-like giddiness at the mentioning that he may be important to Saphora. He looked slightly to his left, trying his best to hide the beginnings of a smile. Especially because of the fact that he had just heard his life could possibly be in danger. But somehow, the thought of dying because of Saphora’s attachment to him seemed to trump the actual feat of dying.
“I don’t know. He seemed pretty strong to me …” Saphora denied. Hydra smiled.
“That is only because you are inexperienced, Saphora. Sure, back home he would prove to be a challenge, but here? Once I train you, you will-“
“Train me to do what, exactly? Just what do you think I’m capable of doing? If you have already forgotten, I wasn’t even able to protect myself, let alone Maverick. What makes you think that I’m going to be able to do anything?” Saphora lashed out, turning her body towards Hydra as the car turned left. Hydra waited a moment, waiting to be sure she was done before responding.
“You are the daughter of a Kiran and a guardian. Your power, once honed, will be greater than any other being on Athena.”
“What makes my parents so special? Who are they, to assume such a power from me? Just because they are royal?”
“No, it is not –“ Saphora raised her hand, shaking her head, and Hydra obediently silenced herself. Though she may not have fully accepted the roll currently, Saphora was in fact the heir to the throne, and Hydra would not disrespect her home with disobedience. 
“It doesn’t make any sense. Why would I be so different? I understand here on Earth, but why on Athena, where almost everyone also has powers? What am I, a mutant there too?”
“Saphora, please.”
“Come on, Saphora. Give her a break,” Maverick cut in. Turning her attention to Maverick, Saphora protested.
“And what about you, huh? You’re okay with possibly being hunted down because of me? Shouldn’t you hate me? Don’t you want to go to the police and tell them everything you saw? Get some cash reward or something?”
“What, and have you hate me in return? I would never do something like that. And even if I considered it, I doubt water goddess over here would allow me to even get near a phone.”
Saphora’s eyes squinted in confusion as she shook her head. 
“How are you so calm about this, of all people? You could die, you know. We both could, if what she’s saying is true.”
Maverick shrugged. He was never really one to fear death. It was unavoidable. He was just wrapped around the fact that this meant that Saphora couldn’t avoid him. Not with Hydra demanding that she stay in proximity to him. And hearing that she would be around Saphora, he concluded that she was his ticket to getting closer to Saphora.
“We all die at some point. It’s not really a big deal.”
“Not a big deal. So you’re okay dying at the hands of some fire wielding alien man?”
“Well no, but …” Maverick glanced up at the rearview mirror to get a glimpse of the silent Hydra. “But with my body guard over here, I figure she’s my ticket to getting to be around you.”
Saphora mouth slowly fell agape as they pulled up in front of her house. After all that, even that near death experience, he had the nerve to be excited about spending time with her. She couldn’t believe it. Was he completely daft? Her cheeks flushed when he finally took his eyes off the road to turn his head and look at her with a grin. She scoffed as her face burned and turned away, shoving the door open after unbuckling her seatbelt. 
“I’ve never heard something so stupid in my entire life,” Saphora scolded, turning around and closing the door. Maverick rolled down the window, leaning over to look up at her. “If you don’t stop being so stupid, you’re going to get yourself killed!” she shouted, standing straight. Looking through the window at Hydra. “If anything happens to him, I’ll never forgive you!” 
Maverick looked on, watching her open the door to her house, turn around to get a glimpse at them, then quickly turn back around and walk in, slamming the door behind her. It took a moment for her words to register in his mind before the grin started to tug at the corners of his lips. Hydra looked from the closed door of the house to the rather goofy looking Maverick with a look of slight concern. 
“She’s right, you know,” she spoke up, making Maverick come to, and sit back in his seat, rolling the window back up.
“About what?”
“You are a little stupid.”



“Saphora?” Fran called out from the kitchen. Saphora had her back against the front door, which she was slowly slumping down. Fran walked out from the room, trying to get her towel-covered hand into the opening of a glass she was cleaning. But before she could make it into the living room, Saphora was rushing her way upstairs to her room, trying to avoid letting Fran see her singed clothing. She didn’t want to talk about another encounter with Tebias. That would only start more arguments that she knew she couldn’t win. Closing the door behind her to her room, she kicked off her shoes while pulling off her jacket, taking off her shirt, and tossing them into her closet. Doing the same for her jeans, she then walked into her closet, and rushed to find something to throw on as Fran called up the stairs.
“Hang on!” she called back, pulling out a pair of sweats. Looking down to pull up those sweats, Saphora froze. Something on her thigh caught her attention. She squinted, her right hand letting go of the top of the sweats to graze over her skin. Something was off with the tone of her flesh. Her eyes widened when she recognized the odd colour to be the patterns that she knew to be on her back. In a fit of panic and curiosity, she turned herself around, turning her back to the full-sized mirror on the back of the door to her closet. The markings had spread. They were now covering the entirety of her back, as well as crawling down her right buttock to wrap around her right leg, stopping midway down her thigh. Her right hand trailed around her leg, as her body twisted in her observation. 
“What’s happening to me …” she breathed, as she turned around to see if the markings had spread to her front, aside from her leg. To her relief, they hadn’t. But she wasn’t exactly sure why it was relieving. Perhaps because they were unknown. But thinking about it, she couldn’t exactly name a reason to be fearful of them. She just wanted to know what it was, and why it was spreading.
“Saphora?” Fran called out again, coming up the stairs. Saphora swore under her breath as she ducked down to pull the sweats up and tug at the draw string before rushing to grab any shirt she could find. Pulling out a white tee shirt, she made the change, walking out of the closet and closing the door behind her in time for Fran to knock on her door. She didn’t wait for a response when she opened her door and walked in. “Saphora?” she asked again. Saphora nodded, pushing her hair back from her face as she raised her head to look at Fran. 
“Hey, Fran. Sorry. I just,” she sighed. “Really wanted to change into some comfortable clothing. Long day.” Fran started a nod, her mother instincts ringing loud and clear. She looked over Saphora’s body, searching for anything that may have been hidden under her clothing, but found nothing. 
“You got a ride home?” Saphora looked at her in question. “From that car that just drove away?” Fran crossed her arms, and leaned against the door frame. With a heavy sigh, Saphora nodded, and slowly walked over to her bed to sit down on it.
“Yeah, Fran. I got a ride.”
“From who?”
“A friend.”
“A friend.”
“Yeah?” Saphora looked up at her. “I’m allowed to have friends, aren’t I?”
“Well of course you are, sweetheart. But I would like to know them too.”
“Why? I’m like twenty something.” Fran’s head dipped down in slight laughter as she pushed off the doorframe and moved her hands to her hips.
“Yes, but I would still like to know them. I’m in my forties and you know my friends. Plus,” she said, going over to sit next to her on the bed. “While I may not be your mother, I do see you as my daughter, and I think I have a right to know … your friends, don’t you think?” 
“I guess. Just … Maybe when I know them a little better?”
“Better? You got into a car with someone you hardly know?” Fran asked, tilting her head sardonically. Saphora tilted her head back and groaned.
“Fran. Don’t you think I would be able to handle myself if something happened?”
“I suppose. I just want you to be careful, okay? I don’t want any more phone calls. Okay? No more surprises.”
Saphora paused, taking those words into consideration. Her eyes lowered. The hope she had of one day being able to tell Fan everything, and still be accepted was spiraling fast. Things were already on edge between them. There was no way Saphora could assume everything was going to end up going smoothly. So she bit the bullet, and forced herself to agree, silently preparing for the drift that would undoubtedly take place.
“Yeah, no more surprises.”
Fran smiled, patting her hand against Saphora’s back.
“I’m going to uh, go to bed, okay?”
“Okay … Well I’ve got to get up early tomorrow to head to work.”
“The dragon is coming Wednesday, right?”
“Wednesday or Thursday. It depends on the weather,” Fran answered with excitement. Saphora attempted to smile at her response. 
“It should be exciting. Make sure it’s comfortable. You don’t want to piss off the dragon.”
“Right. Don’t want it burning down the place,” Fran laughed, standing up and leaning over Saphora to kiss her forehead. “Alright, sweetie. Get some rest.”
Saphora reached her hand out to take Fran’s wrist before she walked away.
“Wait,” she stammered. “Did uh, did the police say anything? About the tree … Did they find anything?” 
“They took what they found back to their lab. They’re going to call us when they’ve got some answers.”
“They didn’t tell you what they found?” Saphora asked, a little confused as to why that would be. 
Fran shook her head. Saphora let go of her wrist as her eyes darted about. She thought about the gun. It flew from Tebias’ hand. She couldn’t help but wonder if the gun had remained lost in the woods, or if Tebias had retrieved it. It wasn’t with him during the second encounter that she could remember. But he could have had it stashed somewhere else, for all she knew. Paranoia was just creeping in. The thought of the police finding a weapon like that was enough to unnerve her. Finding something unworldly like that could lead them to wonder just how unworldly Saphora was. 
“Why?” Fran finally asked.
“I was just wondering … What about Lupin? Did you talk to him after?”
“Yes. He still expects to see you on Monday.” Saphora was silent. “You’re going.” Again, Saphora remained quiet, and Fran tilted her head down, looking for a sign that she understood her. Remembering the conversation she had with him, she didn’t know what the consequence would be if she didn’t go. Thinking about what he said … she felt threatened to go. She wanted to do something about it. But what? Fran cleared her throat, getting Saphora to look up at her.
“Yeah,” she finally answered.
“Good. That all?”
No. It wasn’t. After everything she had just been told? That was nowhere near the amount of questions that she wanted to ask her. It wasn’t anywhere near the amount of things she wanted to talk about. She had too much to tell, without knowing how. Too many secrets, without enough reasons. Answers to questions she could never explain. And she knew that with each thing that she kept from her, they would fall further apart. But what could she do? Take that leap of faith and hope that she would remain the woman she loved? What hurt her the most, was the fact that she doubted that possibility. 
“Yeah … Night, Fran,” she said, standing up and walking over to the side of her bed, pulling her blanket back as she did. 
Fran smiled, and left the room, closing the door behind her. Saphora sighed, dropping the blanket and falling face-first across her bed. Just what was she going to do about Lupin? Would he really give all her information to the police? Just what kind of information did he have? She didn’t know, and that scared her. What if he had known everything this entire time? What if he had been following her? Her eyes widened. What if he knew her parents? She rolled over to lay on her back. What if he really did know everything? About everything? About Athena? About Tebias. Hydra. Saphora sat up in her bed. But if he did, wouldn’t he have already gone to the police? Information should like that would probably land Lupin enough money to retire immediately. So why didn’t he? 
But who is to say that anyone would believe him if he did? Maybe he didn’t have the facts that he needed to prove whatever theory he had. But what could that be? 

********

	“Hydra was able to reach Saphora in time. She saved her and her friend from Tebias,” Mishka, Artemis’ guardian, informed Vida, as she watched her in her throne. Vida sighed, nodding in relief as her hand reached up to rest against her forehead.
“Oh, thank goodness – wait. Friend?” she questioned, her head turning, and her eyes focusing on Mishka. Sheepishly nodding, Mishka answered.
“Yes … She was with him at the house she landed in when Tebias –“
“He?” Vida asked more discerned. “What he? There’s a he?” she asked, standing. Her head tilted as her voice dropped from the graceful tone of a queen, to that of a skeptical mother. “What was she doing with this he at the house? Who is he?” she asked, walking towards Mishka, who took a wary step back.
“I – I don’t know, M’lady. Artemis just told me –“
“Where is Artemis?” she asked, foolishly looking around the room for her. 
“She’s in the watch tower. She was …”
“Probably trying to foresee another event,” Vida sighed. “She’s been doing so much for me … I don’t know where I would be without her,” she smiled, easing her gaze towards Mishka. “Thank you for delivering the message, Mishka. You’ve served her well. But I need to talk to her about this … he,” she said, starting her way out of her chambers. But Mishka rushed up to hold her a little longer.
“Should I tell her you’re looking for her, M’lady?” Mishka offered. Vida smiled, resting her hand on her friend’s shoulder.
“Thank you, but you’ve done enough. I can still manage to move around my own castle,” she laughed softly. 



	Flames engulfed the surroundings of the library in her vision. Her eyes stung in attempt to stay open to see what was being presented to her. From the cracking window of the library she could see the blazing sun. Large wings of fire spread out over the majority of the library, burning everything they came into contact with. She heard the screeching of a beast, making her ears ring before the edges of her vision seemed to burn away, narrowing until all that was left was darkness.
Inhaling sharply, Artemis brought her hand to her chest to grip at her clothing, suddenly finding it hard to breathe. Her lashes fluttered as she worked to regain her breath, her frame trembling. Her eyes, full of remorse, gazed out of the window of the watchtower as her hand shook around the fabric of her silk ivory blouse. 
“Oh god …” she breathed with a slight shake of her head. “Enya.”
“Artemis?” Vida called out. She could be heard climbing the stairs of the watchtower. “Artemis, are you up here? Answer me,” Vida demanded, coming closer to the doorway of the room. Finally hearing her call, Artemis turned around in somewhat of an alarm.
“Y-Yes, Vida! I am here!” she called back, getting quieter as she saw Vida come around the corner of the hallway. Vida sighed in slight exhaustion as she walked into the room, finally able to drop the front of her gown.
“Goodness, Artemis. Why didn’t you answer me when I first called?” she huffed, flattening her hand against the top of her head to ensure that nothing was out of place. Artemis bowed in apology, her hands folded at her thighs.
“Forgive me. I didn’t hear you,” she said, as Vida moved to sit in one of the seats in the room.
“How many times do I have to tell you to stop bowing to me? It’s bothersome.”
“As many times as I tell you that it’s disrespectful not to,” Artemis said with a smile, as she stood back up.
“Don’t be ridiculous. We’ve known each other since birth.”
“With all due respect, so has the rest of the kingdom,” she pointed out, making her way to the set beside Vida. Vida rolled her eyes.
“Does the kingdom know my favorite colour?”
“That’s not the point.”
“You’re right,” Vida said, clearing her throat. “The point is, I’m here, and I need to talk to you.” A knot formed in the pit of Artemis’ stomach. Could she somehow know what she had just seen?
“About?” Artemis almost choked.
“About Saphora.” 
Artemis sighed in relief, her body relaxing.
“Oh, yes. She’s fine. Hydra was able to get there in time. I had told Mishka to – “
“Yes, she gave me your message. But she couldn’t answer the questions I had.” Artemis shook her head slightly.
“About?”
“About this boy that she was supposedly with.” Artemis’ face flattened out, and she leaned back a bit as her expression slowly morphed into that of disbelief.
“You … You came to find me to stalk your daughter’s love life?” Vida scoffed.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Artemis.”
“I’m being ridiculous,” she mocked.
“I’m merely here for information.”
“And what kind of information would that be? If they’ve embraced each other yet?” Vida’s face paled.
“Yet?” she uttered just above a whisper. Artemis hesitated to answer and Vida turned her body towards her. “Artemis!”
“What are you so worried about, Vida? From what I’ve been able to see, he is a kind boy. He wants nothing but to keep Saphora safe. Even after the event with Tebias he encountered. Isn’t that something a mother should smile upon?”
“That isn’t the point, Artemis,” she said, standing up with a shake of her head. She paced the floor worriedly. 
“What is the point?”
“She cannot bare the child of a human.” Artemis tiled her head back at the assumption.
“And why not? How could you possibly know that?” Vida sighed a grimace.
“I’m not certain, but I cannot just let her –“
“Let her what? Choose her partner? Is it because you would not want a human ruling beside her?” Vida stopped pacing, her gaze set towards the wall before her.
“Where would that leave this kingdom, Artemis? With a human as king?”
“You seemed to rule perfectly fine with a guardian as ours.”
“A guardian is not the same as a human. How would he possibly contribute to defending this kingdom? Its people?”
“That is something they could work out together.”
“Would you feel safe under the protection of a human?”
“It is not the king alone that defends the kingdom, Vida,” Artemis argued. Vida sighed, shaking her head and continuing to pace. 
“What of the offspring? What would become of them? If any were to survive? What of Saphora? Would she survive the pregnancy? We have no idea what that could do to her!”
Artemis stood, catching Vida’s attention and getting her to stop pacing once again.
“With all due respect, Vida, we asked the same of you when you chose Dolphus.” Vida raised her chin in silence as her life choices were brought to her attention, along with the late king. “And yet your parents allowed you your love.” Vida’s eyes lowered, slowly meeting the critical gaze of Artemis. Artemis shook her head, reproach in her eyes. “Who are you to deny your daughter hers?”

********

Blue flames. Blue flames lined the bottom of her vision as she dreamt. The dream swiftly morphing into that of a nightmare. There she was, in the shadows of her mind, standing in the mists of that blazing fire. Fire that seemed to do no damage to her. Confused, she stood there, watching her limbs in the fire, as the flames licked up her legs. They seemed to curve and dance in slow motion, as were her own movements. She curled her toes in the flames. 
Why doesn’t this burn? she thought as she reached her foot out to the side, letting it slither through the calm flames. 
The sudden sound of a bellowing screech made her duck down and cover her ears. It was the noise from that day. The day she fell. She pressed the palms of her hands against her ears in a desperate attempt to silence the anguish. But it was to no avail. Blocking her ears did nothing to sooth them. It only confused her more. To be able to clearly hear the cries of this beast, and yet feel nothing of the flames beneath her. What madness was this?
Looking up through her squinted eyes, she was startled when seeing a pair of giant sapphire eyes. She stumbled back away from the eyes, fumbling onto the ground. The bellowing continued as she pushed away. She whimpered, shaking her head as she saw a toothy snout start to open, revealing the claw-like teeth of the beast. Raising her arm up to protect her face, she screamed in terror, thrusting herself into consciousness. 
She sat up in her bed, hand clenching the clothing above her heart. A cold sweat clung to her skin as she fought to catch the breath she felt she had lost. Coming from across her room, she heard a soft, yet firm voice.
“Bad dream?” came the voice of Hydra, who was sitting in Saphora’s desk chair. Flinching at the sudden intrusion, Saphora’s head shot up to stare wide-eyed at Hydra. A mixture of rage and confusion bubbled up inside her as she decided on which emotion to act upon. Not having the energy to produce either, she sighed, slumping her tense body.
“How did you get in my house?”
“Your window was open. What did you dream about?”
“Why are you in my house?”
“To get you for training. What did you dream about?”
A twinge of annoyance ran through Saphora as she looked up to meet Hydra’s calm eyes.
“Why do you care? It has nothing to do with you.”
“You’re right,” Hydra nodded. “But it has everything to do with you.”
“It was just a dream,” she insisted, pushing her blanket from her, suddenly feeling the need for a cool breeze. Hydra frowned at Saphora’s difficult behavior and shook her head in disapproval. 
“You’re guarded,” she accused. Saphora paused, her eyes narrowing at what, to her, sounded like an insult more than an observation. “You want to remember your past? Your family? Your existence?” Saphora merely stared, and Hydra spoke up again. “Do you?” she asked again more firmly. Saphora, with some guilt, nodded her head.
“Yes.”
“Then how can you ever expect to do that when you dismiss everything that presents itself to you? Living a mortal’s life up until now, the life you’ve forgotten may seem overwhelming. But it is yours. And whether you like it or not, the fate of the Kiran Kingdom – your home, depends on what you do with that knowledge. So you can either deny your existence like a coward, or start living up to your history.” 
Saphora was silent, having the harsh awakening thrust upon her. Her jaw clenched and she replayed the words in her head. 
“So I will ask again. What was your dream about? It could very well be a fragment of a memory.” Saphora sighed, giving in.
“Fire.”
“Fire?”
“Blue fire. I was surrounded by blue fire. And … being yelled at by this thing.”
“A thing? What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. It had blue eyes, and … sharp teeth. I didn’t see its face. That’s all I saw.”
“Arol,” Hydra mumbled with a smile. Saphora’s brows pinched together.
“What?”
“What you saw was Arol. He’s your guardian.”
“No, what I saw was some kind of creature. Not one of you.” Hydra blinked, realizing she had lost her understand of guardians as well.
“Guardians … Once we have joined our companion, we have the ability to alter our natural forms into one that resembles them.” Saphora scoffed.
“So, what, you’re saying that you can turn into some giant monster?”
“Water drakon,” Hydra corrected, somewhat up tightly. Saphora’s face flattened like she was being made a part of some really bad joke.
“A water drakon,” she repeated mockingly.
“Yes.”
“Do it,” ordered Saphora. Hydra’s brows raised. 
“Do what?”
“Turn into a water drakon.”
Hydra let out a bubbling laugh as she shook her head at the understated request. 
“My god. I would tear your home apart if I were to do that here.” 
“So do it outside.”
“Saphora, trust me. I assure you that you will see my natural state in due time. But now is neither the time, nor the place for such a thing.”
“And why’s that?”
“Because there are more important things to do. Like your training. And locating Arol.”
“And what is Arol, huh? Another water drakon? Oh, or better yet, a fire dragon.”
“Yes.”
“What?”
“He is a fire dragon. Capable of breathing the blue flames that appeared in your dream. I think he was trying to call out to you.”  
Could that have been what she was hearing all those times? That horrid noise? Could it have been the sound of her guardian? Her logic wanted to deny it, but what she was hearing registered all too well. 
“It’s happened before, hasn’t it?” Hydra asked, having been watching Saphora’s shift in body language. “That dream?” Saphora shook her head.
“No, but … I’ve heard it before. Him – his screaming.” Hydra’s eyes widened.
“While you were awake?” Saphora nodded and Hydra stood up, walking towards the window to peer out of it. “That means he’s close by. Why does he not show himself?” she asked more to herself than to Saphora. Hydra turned to Saphora, who was now watching her. “Have you noticed a man following you?”
“A man?”
“Or maybe a boy. A child. Arol is quite young, if I remember correctly. His hair would be platinum, probably. Have you noticed anyone like that?” 
“Sorry. Until you and Tebias came along, I was the only one I noticed with weird hair.” Hydra blinked, her hand slowly raising to touch the ends of her hair.
“What’s wrong with my hair?”
“It’s blue.”
“Yes?” 
Saphora groaned.
“Forget it. Look, I haven’t been followed by some weird kid with silver hair, okay? It could have been an airplane, for all I know.” Hydra sighed in annoyance.
“Saphora. From this point on, you need to understand that nothing is out of the ordinary. You need to stop thinking of things like a human, and start understanding them like an Athenian.”
“And what does that even mean?”
“That means taking everything and anything into consideration until it has been disproved.”
A sudden scraping noise on the side of the house caught their attention. Hydra spun around to face the window with palms of water, while Saphora leaned towards the edge of her bed in anxiety. Her heart raced as the scraping grew louder. It wasn’t long before a hand reached into the window, gripping at the frame. Grunting was heard as Hydra readied herself, taking a step forward. And then Maverick’s head popped up into the window frame, his other hand shooting forward to cling onto the wall in the room. Sweat beading his forehead, he smiled, looking around at the two women as he worked to pull himself into the bedroom.
“Hey guys,” he grunted, before fumbling torso first onto the floor with a long exhaled breath. Saphora stared on in disbelief as Hydra lowered her hands, watching with raised brows. 
“Well,” Saphora groaned. “We’ve proven that my secret lays in the hands of an idiot.”

********

“Where are we going, anyway?” Saphora spoke up from the passenger seat. 
Once she’d come to terms with accepting the training, if not for returning home, then for merely being able to defend herself, she left with Hydra and Maverick, who was serving as the current mode of transportation. He didn’t go back to work until Monday, so he had offered to help out. Saphora was still a little skeptical that he was willingly putting himself in harm’s way, but at the same time, she couldn’t help, no matter how she tried, but to be a little flattered by it. 
“Back to my place,” answered Maverick. Saphora shook her head, mentally picturing Maverick’s apartment in shambles by the time they were through with the training session.
“I don’t think that’s very smart. We should go to an open field or something.” 
“I’m sorry if you misunderstood. We’re not doing any physical training. Not yet,” Hydra explained. Saphora’s brows pinched together.
“So what, mental training? I’m going to fight Tebias by wishing he’d go away?” she asked with some annoyance. 
“You need to remember before you can fully grasp the understanding of your power.”
“Remember?”
“Your life. Before this one. You need to remember that before we can start any physical training.” Maverick nodded, catching Saphora’s attention. Her brow arched, as if mocking that fact that he could possibly be understanding any of what Hydra was saying.
“And why are you nodding?” she asked him. “You understand what she’s saying? How do you even believe any of this?”
“Well, you already told me that you were going to therapy for amnesia. So it makes sense that she wants to try to get you to remember.” 
“And you’re okay with this going on in your house?” Maverick shrugged. 
“What’s the worst that could happen during a therapy session? That’s basically what this is, right?” Hydra nodded.
“By your world’s definitions, yes.” Saphora scoffed. 
 “In case you haven’t noticed, therapy hasn’t worked.”
“It’ll be different this time,” Hydra insisted. 
“And why is that?”
“Our methods of retention are different. More intense. Plus, with them, your mind was instinctively holding back. Untrusting.”
“And what makes you think I trust you?”
“Because I saved your lives. And,” she said, pausing. “Because I am a part of the life you’ve forgotten.”

Chapter 10


“What is all this stuff?” Saphora asked, sitting on Maverick’ sofa. 
There was a pile of books to her left, piled up against the end table that was beside the arm rest. Most were thick, but some were thin. There were various objects spread about the floor across the room. Things from scrolls to vials, jugs of water to what looked like weapons. There were candles, bags, tubes, and things that couldn’t even be described by Saphora’s vocabulary. 
“Would you believe I didn’t hear her moving any of this last night?” Maverick chuckled, sitting on a stool that was beside a bar in the kitchen. His elbow was propped up on the bar and his palm was leaning against the side of his face, watching the women in content. Saphora looked over at him with slight bewilderment at his carefree behavior. 
“Maybe it’s him that needs therapy,” she mumbled to herself. Hydra nodded, picking up the book she had been looking for. 
“I’ve considered the fact that perhaps the boy is in a state of carefree denial. A form of the body’s self-defense, in order to keep from losing his sanity,” she explained, glancing over at the observant Maverick. Saphora nodded slowly, taking that into consideration.
“Yeah … What are you doing? Where did all this stuff come from?”
“The aircraft I used to travel here. I transported the things here last night.”
“You mean there’s a rocket parked somewhere out there?”
“Not too far, yes,” Hydra answered, flipping through pages of the book. Saphora’s chest heaved in anxiety.
“You – You can’t just park a rocket in the middle of town! A rocket carrying who knows what! What if someone finds it? What if someone finds you? Us?” Hydra shook her head.
“They are not going to find it,” she reassured, looking back down at the book.
“You don’t know that.”
“I do.”
“How?”
“Because it is not on the ground.” Saphora paused, her brain thrown for a loop.
“What do you mean it’s not on the ground? What’d you do, park it in a tree?” Hydra laughed.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” she noted, turning another page. “It’s hibernating in the sky. Naked to all eyes.”
“Naked … Hiber- what?” Hydra sighed, her hand stopping.
“Is how I park really important right now? We’ve all got our preferences.” 
Saphora couldn’t help but let out a sharp laugh at the comment.
“I don’t care how you park. I care if someone finds an alien spaceship in the middle of a small town that already has prank crop circles and a girl with mint hair walking around suspected of murder!”
“Prank?” Maverick uttered.
Saphora sighed, leaning back against the sofa in exhaustion. Her head tilted back against the soft cushion as her temple pounded in the beginnings of a headache. She breathed through her nose, trying to ease the pain, and lull it away. Maverick grimaced, seeing Saphora’s rising frustration and got up, walking over to the sofa to sit beside her.
“Hey, try to relax … Naked to the eye just means it’s invisible. Especially if it’s in the air,” Maverick said, trying to comfort Saphora. And for good reason. Saphora’s head rocked from side to side against the sofa as Hydra continued flipping through the pages in search of something in particular.
“This can’t be happening,” Saphora refused, with somewhat of a laugh. 
“Denial will only make this process harder,” Hydra noted aloud. Saphora jerked up, agitated with Hydra’s blunt responses. 
“And what am I supposed to do? Just sit here and accept the fact that my life is never going to be the same again? Just sit here and … and –“
“Yes. You’re supposed to accept the fact that your life is going to change. And then you have got to decide whether you are going to let people help make it for the better, or allow your denial to make it for the worst,” Hydra said with an almost alarming volume. “I was not sent here to help you wallow in your own self-pity. So choose. Will you stay a victim? Or will you rise to the task given to you and go home to your world – your mother, and help save her?” Saphora’s heart leapt in her chest at the mention of her mother, and the matter of her being in danger.
“Save her?”
“If you do not come back, stronger than you are now, the Kiran kingdom will fall. And it will mean her death, as well as countless others.” 
Saphora fell silent, her eyes wide in dismay. She swallowed hard at the decision presented to her, and sighed. She felt Maverick’s hand slide onto her thigh, and her head immediately turned to him. He had a soft smile on his lips. And in the mists of all that, it was nice to see a smile. Even if it was coming from someone who had nothing to do with anything she was going through.
“Hey … I know I probably don’t have any stand in this, but I think if you put your mind to it, you could pull this off. I mean, look at Superman, or like, the Hulk. They had to go through some tough things before being able to control anything,” he said, his smile widening. Despite her desire to write off the tales, seeing his smile eased her. “Maybe if you just … think about doing it for your mom and dad. Make seeing them your goal, you know? Your motivation. No matter what happens, if you think, if I can get through this, I’m going to see my parents,” he continued. “Then I think you’re going to be amazing. I mean, isn’t that who you were trying to remember all this time? Your parents?” Saphora nodded, almost ghostly as she stared in admiration at the speech. 
He was right. All this time, and all these therapy sessions were meant to help her remember her parents and what happened. And now that the opportunity was presented to her, she was so quick to dismiss it. She had to put her fear aside in order to obtain what she had been going after her entire life. Her jaw tightened at the frustration she felt for herself. Breathing through her nose, she looked away from Maverick, to the waiting eyes of Hydra. She couldn’t run away from this, which is what she was about to do. Maverick was right. She wanted nothing more than to see her parents again. 
“Okay,” she breathed. Hydra’s brows rose as Maverick’s smile grew. Hydra giggled, capturing their attention.
“It seems he is of some use after all,” she commented. Saphora scowled at the mocking comment defensively, while Maverick seemed to be delighted. 
“What is that book, anyway?” Saphora asked, getting away from her momentary spasm. 
“A book on the language of the subconscious. I’m going to speak to yours,” answered Hydra. Saphora’s neck shifted instinctively with her suspicion. 
“You’re going to … speak … to my subconscious?” Hydra nodded. “What, like, there’s a language, for my brain?” Hydra looked up from the book, staring blankly, not understanding why there was any confusion. 
“Yes,” she answered, as if it were common knowledge.
“So cool,” commented Maverick. Saphora shook her head, not wanting to believe what was being said.
“How is that even possible? Brains don’t speak.” Hydra laughed.
“Then how are you speaking now?”
“Well – even if they did, why wouldn’t it be the same language as what I’m speaking?”
“Because it is your subconscious.”
“That doesn’t even make sense!” Saphora argued, her brows tightly knit together.
“Your subconscious is an entirely different aura.” Saphora was silent in her confusion. Hydra shook her head, sighing as she returned her attention to the book, flipping through page after page. “Your comprehension of the subject does not matter. We’ll start with something small so you’re not overwhelmed with the experience.”
“Experience?”
“By your terms, it’s going to feel a bit like a lucid dream.”
“I just better be able to walk after this.”
“Should I move?” Maverick asked. And for some reason, that sparked a bit of anxiety in Saphora, which Hydra noticed. With a hesitant response, she shook her head.
“No … It will work better with you sitting there.” Maverick nodded, leaning against the back of the sofa. Saphora’s nerves settled as Hydra stopped on the page she had been looking for. “Are you ready, Saphora?” 
Saphora nodded with a held breath. Maverick kept his eyes on her as Hydra started reading in a language foreign to their ears. Almost instantly, Saphora’s head felt dense – heavy. Her eyes fluttered at the sudden impact of the feeling, her arm reaching out to grip the armrest of the sofa as if to keep from falling over. She groaned at the odd sensation, concerning Maverick. But he stayed quiet as Hydra continued to read, his glance shifting from her to Saphora. It wasn’t long before Saphora’s eyes began to glow, before her body went limp, laying back against the sofa. Her eyes remained slit open while her body laid motionless. Hydra stopped reading, looking up at her, while Maverick slowly started freaking out.
“What’s happening?” he asked, as Hydra set the book to her left. 
“Her subconscious is revealing a memory to her.”
“”Can … Can she hear us? Why is she limp?” he asked, reaching out to touch her arm. 
“Do not touch her!” she urged, making Maverick flinch. “You may alter something. She cannot hear us. But she can feel disturbances.”
“What is she remembering?”
“I don’t know. But the dialog wasn’t that strong. It shouldn’t be anything too traumatizing,” Hydra answered as she watched Saphora carefully. 
“Traumatizing?” Hydra allowed her gaze to shift to Maverick. The tone in it falling into a stern fix.
“You should decide now how much you’re willing to put yourself through for her,” she said standing up and walking over to a jug of water. Maverick blinked, shaking his head some.
“What do you mean?”
“You are considering her for mating, yes?” she asked, picking up the jug of water and taking off the cap, turning to him. Heat rushed to Maverick’s face as he averted his eyes, stammering over his words. 
“Oh my – is this normal on your planet? To assume all these things? First she thinks I’m trying to sleep with her, now you’re talking about mating?” Hydra raised a brow.
“Are you not?”
“Well – I mean sure, it’s maybe crossed my mind, but-“
“Then decide. Because a life beside her will not be easy.”
“Why?” 
Hydra scoffed.
“Besides the fact that she differs from your human structure in all ways but appearance?” she laughed, shaking her head before taking a sip from the jug. “For one thing, her mother will not be pleased.” Maverick laughed.
“Well I think it’d be pretty cool to have an alien girlfriend. And I’ve dealt with moms that didn’t like me dating their daughter,” Maverick assured with a dismissive wave of his hand. Hydra lowered the jug, as her expression flattened, listening to his simple words. She shook her head, grinning.
“May Vida have mercy on you.”



	Out of the darkness of her mind, slowly came the image of what looked to be a bedroom. White washed stone made up the four walls, incasing the sage green carpets that covered the floors, where a younger Saphora sat. In her gold dress, long sleeves and ruffled skirt. Her long hair braided and wrapped around the top of her head into an intricate bun. Her large eyes, in comparison to the rest of her face, stared up at her caretaker, while her lips smiled mischievously at her. The woman who was standing before her, smiled, giggling to herself with a shake of her head.
“Is that so?” she asked the child, who could not yet speak. The child squealed in response, crawling towards the woman. The woman chuckled, nodding as she bent down to lift the child into her arms. 
“Yes, your father will be back shortly. He has just gone to talk to his brother,” the woman answered to the child. Her eyes lowered at the answer, then raised back to peer into the multicolored ones of Dizabethere. One blue, and one brown. And in her stare, she was able to distinguish her thoughts. One of her powers – the ability to read minds. Even the minds of infants. Her people had been sought after for generations for their talent, and they were found to be extraordinary caretakers for children, being able to understand them as none else could. Dizabethere smiled, shaking her head at the infant.
“No, you cannot go with him, I’m afraid.”
The child whined and hit at her chest in her pouting fit. Dizabethere tapped the child’s arm in a scolding manner.
“Hey, what did we say about that?” The child let out what sounded like a low growl and Dizabethere giggled. “Don’t growl at me! Did your father teach you that?” The child laughed as her sides were tickled, her inexperienced vocal cords coming more across as a mumble than a menacing growl.
“Yes, well, you shouldn’t growl at me,” she said in response to the child’s thoughts. “Oh he did, did he? Well, you’re a little too young for your growl to scare me,” she giggled. A motion in the corner of her eye made her turn around, catching sight of Hydra in the doorway. Hydra sighed, shaking her head and leaning on the doorframe.
“I always think you are talking to yourself, Diz,” Hydra grumbled. “I came in here to see-“
“To see if I had lost my mind, I know,” Diz laughed. “Have you forgotten that the kingdom has a new member?” she asked her, turning around to show Saphora to her. Hydra smirked, giving a playful wave to the child.
“Vida would never forgive me if I had.”
“And yet you accuse me of losing my sanity.”
“You are one of the only ones that constantly speaks to the children they look after.” Diz shrugged, looking at Saphora, and nodding.
“She seems to like that I talk to her.” Hydra shook her head, watching Saphora with raised brows.
“Children her age can’t even comprehend basic dialog, and here you are having a conversation with her,” she said with a sigh. “Incredible.”
“Well you have to remember that we’re dealing with a very special little girl here,” Diz noted, poking at Saphora’s side to get her to giggle. “Why are you special?” Diz repeated, hearing the question. “Because your mother and father are a very special couple. So their love made you extra special,” she said in a child’s voice, nuzzling her nose against her cheek. “And extra cute!” Saphora squealed a giggle, trying to move away from her ticklish nuzzles. Setting Saphora down, she let her crawl to her pile of toys across the room.
“How is she doing?” Hydra asked, once she had crawled away. Diz sighed, walking over to her to speak more softly.
“She has the curiosity and tendencies of any child. But her power is developing with the rate of an adult. And she doesn’t know how to filter them.”
“Filter?”
“They’re showing in her emotions. Fire spreads when she’s upset. Lightning clouds appear when she cries. When she’s too excited, things float, including her. And she plays tricks.”
“Tricks?”
“Little force fields. I have a feeling she knows how to use those – ah!” Dizabethere scolded in Saphora’s direction, receiving the incoming thought of mischief. “Don’t you even think about it!” Saphora erupted into a fit of giggles, flailing her arms about. 
“All of that as an infant? Most are only blessed with two, if not one. That’s … that’s four, isn’t?”
“And that’s not even all of it. What happens when she finds her guardian? She could gain another one or two. And there’s no doubt that Vida will teach her witchcraft.” 
“A guardian. Do you think she’ll even have one? I mean, with her circumstances …”
“No one has any way of knowing. But if she does, that will be an entire new path of power, combined with her own,” Diz said, looking over at the playful child.
“If she lives to see-“
“Hydra,” Diz pleaded with a frown, making sure that Saphora was still distracted by her toys. “Please.” Hydra paused, taking back the last of her sentence. 
“… What has Artemis seen?”
Dizabethere opened her mouth to answer, but her words were muted. The scene around Saphora’s subconscious started to blacken around the edges. Saphora’s chest began to heave as her body tensed on the sofa. With her memory coming to an end, her body was beginning to fight to receive more of the vision.
Back in Maverick’s apartment, Hydra was beginning to notice the signs of the memory ending. She and Maverick were sitting at the bar in his kitchen. About thirty minutes had passed, and Hydra had downed the jug of water, while explaining to Maverick why she needed it. She turned her head towards Saphora, who was beginning to shift in discomfort. Maverick turned with her, as she got up from the stool and walked over to sit in front of Saphora on the floor. Maverick turned in his stool, watching as Saphora’s body jerked, eventually leaning forward as her eyes opened completely. Taking in a sharp breath, her hands gripped the cushions as wind began to pick up around the room. Maverick flinched as she reached beside him to catch the empty jug that was scooting across the counter. The books that were scattered around the sofa flew open, their pages whipping about as Saphora gasped for air.
“Saphora,” Hydra called out to her, trying to get her to remember where she was. The wind picked up a notch at the calling of her name, and Hydra raised her hands to protect herself from any scattering debris. “Saphora,” she called again.
“Saphora!” Maverick called out. The winds started dying down as her eyes shifted back to their ruby gleam. She looked around in panic, her eyes watering from the shock of being brought back into reality. Furiously blinking, she made eye contact with Hydra, and her eyes narrowed.
“You,” Saphora breathed, sitting forward on the sofa. Hydra’s eyes widened at the sudden hostility in her voice. “You doubt me and now you come here and say you’re here for me? Acting like you believe in me?” Saphora questioned, standing up with wobbling legs. Hydra’s mouth opened to defend herself, but she hesitated. She hadn’t expected to appear in Saphora’s memories. “You thought I was going to die!”
“What?” Maverick asked looking at Hydra with a new perspective. Hydra sighed, putting her hands up submissively to Saphora to dim her rage. Saphora stood still, rocking from heel to heel as Hydra stood up to meet Saphora’s angry assumptions. 
“Wait a minute. Just let me explain why-“
“Yeah, explain your lack of faith, and now sudden belief in me. What changed, huh? You – you come here and you act like you know so much, telling me that I can do all this, and … and save everyone,” Saphora shouted.
“No one knew if you were going to live,” Hydra clarified. Saphora let her saved breath go. She scoffed, her head shaking in denial as she took a step back. After what seemed like a lone pause, she spoke up. 
“What?”
“We didn’t know if … Your birth … It was … We didn’t know if it was going to last. We didn’t know how long you had. We didn’t know if your body would withstand your power.”
“What …” Saphora mumbled in confusion, her eyes blinking back her anger. “What was so special about it that you doubted my life?” Hydra sighed, looking down momentarily. “Tell me,” Saphora said with a shaky voice. 
“Not until you’ve calmed down.”
“No. No, I want to hear what gives you the right to have me trust anything you say.”
“Because you proved me wrong. You proved everyone wrong. You’re alive, and stronger than any of us could have predicted.”
“What caused the doubt?” Saphora asked again, trying to steady her voice. Hydra was hesitant, wondering how to say what she was being asked to reveal. She knew if she was not delicate, Saphora may end up destroying the apartment. 
“You are an ekechi,” Hydra said warily. She didn’t expect Saphora to understand the term, seeing as though she did not know it as a child.
“A what?”
“Your father … He is a guardian.”
“And?” Saphora asked with a shake of her head.
“And your mother is not. Mating with a guardian is forbidden on our planet. Our genetics are too strong for our companions’ anatomy. All before your mother have died during pregnancy. Your mother was the first to survive not only pregnancy, but childbirth. You are the only surviving offspring of an Athenian and a guardian.” Saphora fell silent, thinking of her mother.
“As a child, your power was verging on surpassing your body’s capacity. It was exposed in your emotions, even unleashing itself at random. No one knew if you would survive the amount of raw energy you possessed.” 
“What about my parents … What did they think?” Hydra gave a soft smile.
“Your mother was unwavering in her belief.”
“And my father?”
“… He carried guilt with him. He blamed himself for the labor Vida underwent, and was constantly worrying over you.”
“Vida?”
“Your mother.” Saphora’s chest heaved as she reached up to place a hand over it. Blinking back tears, she smiled.
“Oh,” she breathed. “Vida … And my father’s name?”
“Dolphus.” 
Saphora laughed as tears welled in her eyes. Two names, so foreign to her, yet names she had longed to hear. 
“Dolphus,” she laughed between her breathy sobs. “No wonder my name is so strange.” Hydra smiled, glad to see a smile in the mists of all the information.
“He did not doubt you. He devised a way to save you, in fact. He taught you to refrain from using your power at a young age. He had a theory that if your body had the chance to mature, and grow into the capacity needed to wield your power … that you would live. In a way … losing your memory of your power when falling to Earth saved your life. It gave your body the chance to develop before your power overtook it.” Saphora took in a breath. All this time wondering why she had been left in that house. Never had she considered that it was to save her life. 
“Send me back.” 
Hydra blinked.
“Send you back where?”
“Do it again. I want to remember more. Where is Diz now? Dizabethere.”
“She is still at the castle.” Hydra smiled. “She survived the war.”
“But … others didn’t. Who fell? Did I know any of them?” Hydra fell silent. She did not want to reveal anything else before she deemed Saphora ready to hear it. But just then, saving Hydra from making that decision, Saphora’s phone rang. Reluctantly, Saphora pulled the phone from the pocket of her dark denim jeans and turned it over, seeing the picture of Fran that popped up. She sighed, wondering what she could want at three in the afternoon. She was still at work. 
“Hey, Fran.”
“Hi, honey. What are you up to?”
“Nothing. Is something wrong?”
“No, I was just wondering where you were.”
“I’m in town …”
“Oh.”
“Why?”
“Well because the police called me asking where they could find you. And I sent them to the house but they said you weren’t there.”
“What do they want?”
“They just wanted to get your fingerprints so they could cross them off any suspect list they develop.”
“Oh … When do they want those?”
“Well, honey, they went by the house so they could get them today. Where in town are you? They can come pick you up.”
“No. No … I’ll just go home. Tell them to go back to the house,” Saphora sighed, rolling her eyes.
“Okay. I’ll let them know. Hurry home, okay? Don’t keep them waiting!” Fran warned. Saphora nodded instinctively.
“Yeah, I know. I won’t,” she responded, hanging up the phone. Groaning, she stuffed her phone back into her pocket. “I have to go home.” Maverick frowned.
“What? Why?” he whined.
“The police want my fingerprints for the investigation.”
“Police?” Hydra asked.
“Our authorities,” Maverick clarified. Hydra’s eyes widened, her attention caught.
“What?”
“It doesn’t have anything to do with this,” Saphora explained, getting up from the sofa. She paused. “Well, in a way it does. The first time I saw Tebias again, a man was killed while I tried to get away. Since I took his car to get away, I was a suspect.”
“Why didn’t you fly? It’s to my knowledge that is one of the things you remember how to do.” Maverick’s mouth fell agape.
“You can fly?” he asked, leaning over the counter in shock. Saphora looked over at him, giving a slight shrug. “Oh my god. Why the hell are we driving? Wait, can you fly?” he asked, gesturing to Hydra. She shook her head.
“Not like this.”
“Oh. Well, good. At least I’m not the only one here.”
“So why didn’t you? Why aren’t you, for that matter,” Hydra asked again.
“I was afraid to. After hearing that noise – Arol, it made me fall. I don’t want to fall again.”
“But now that you know that that noise was not from something meant to harm you, but protect you, flying should easier now.”
“Yeah, can I see?” Maverick asked. Both Hydra and Saphora turn their heads to look at him. And like a child, his head lowered ever so slightly. “Sorry.” Saphora sighed, as her feet began to leave the safety of the floor. Noticing the difference in her height, Maverick’s eyes widened, looking down at her feet. He smiled, leaning on the counter in amazement.
“So cool,” he breathed, as Saphora lowered herself back onto the floor.
“I’ll fly again, just not now. Are you going to give me a ride home?” Saphora said to Maverick. He stayed staring at her feet for a moment longer before nodding and pulling his keys out of his pocket.
“You got it.”
“What are the chances that both of those fingerprints we picked up wouldn’t be in the database? I mean, how many people have gone through life without being fingerprinted?” Roland asked, his hands on his hips, with his blazer curving behind his elbows. 
“I don’t know, but at least we’ll get one set out of the way,” answered Glover, who had his arms crossed.
“I mean, doesn’t she have healthcare or something?”
“I don’t know. But at least we’re getting them.”
“I guess. But what was up with that tree? She said she was climbing it or something, right? But there were no scrape marks or anything on the trunk. How the fuck did she get on the branch with the prints? What’d she do, jump up the tree?”
“Why don’t you ask her?”
“Come on, aren’t you a little curious?” he asked, gesturing his hand upwards with his question, his eyes squinting behind his sunglasses.
“Yes. But we’re not going to know anything until we talk to her,” Glover answered, peering around Roland to look down the street 
“You don’t even seem excited.”
“Because I’m not. I just want to do my job and go home,” he said bluntly. “Without having to taze you.”
“Me?”
“If you don’t behave yourself, I might have to.”
“Have you tried talking to that girl? She’s like a … a … Like a steel trap or something.”
“Well if she’s innocent, she has the right to be defensive of us intruding on her life. Hell, she has that right even more so if she’s guilty.”
“Man, whatever. I just wanna see if-“
“Maybe that’s her,” Glover pointed out, eyeing the black Camaro coming up the street. The car slowed to a stop about a house away from hers, and Roland turned around to get a look at the car as well. It stayed there for a few minutes, and the two men looked at each other in curiosity. Their suspicions were confirmed when the passenger door opened and Saphora stepped out, closing the door behind her. She didn’t look back at the car as she started the walk up the remainder of the road. Maverick turned around in a nearby driveway as Saphora approached the two officers, a little less than thrilled. Roland set his hands back on his hips as the distance closed between then, and gave a smile, once they were close enough to speak without shouting.
“Well hello there,” he greeted enthusiastically. 
“It’s nice to see you again, Saphora,” Glover added. Saphora turned her attention to the more sensible of the two, her eyes squinting from the sunlight. 
“Fran said you wanted my fingerprints?” she asked him. Glover nodded.
“Yes. We’ll give you a ride to the station. It should only take a few minutes,” Glover assured, gesturing to the police cruiser. Saphora glanced over at the still smiling Roland skeptically.
“Something wrong with him?” she said before getting into the car, once Glover had opened the door for her. Roland’s smile slid off his face as Glover closed the door. His hand shot up in annoyance, his jacket swinging to the side.
“You see!”
“Don’t start,” Glove warned, walking over to the driver’s side of the car.

	

“Listen,” Roland started, as Glover drove down the roads of town to the police station. Glover sighed, as Saphora’s eyes reluctantly met Roland’s sunglasses. “I know, maybe we got off on the wrong foot. But what do you say you and me try to hash things out?” he asked with a smile, sticking his gum against his left cheek. Saphora stared with narrowed eyes in silence. About ten seconds went by before Roland spoke up again, with a bit of a shrug. 
“Welp, so much for that. So you wanna tell me how you got up that tree?” 
“What?” Saphora asked with squinted eyes.
“Roland,” Glover warned. Roland waved his hand to the side.
“Well, you know we just thought it was a little odd that there was no sign of anyone climbing that tree. No scratches … No scuffs … In fact, the prints, which we’re assuming are yours, were only found on one branch. Waaaay up in the tree,” Roland continued, pointing up with his index finger. “So you know, I was just wondering how that could be. Maybe you could tell me.” Saphora was silent. And although her face was blank, her heart had begun to race with anxiety. 
“How am I supposed to know why it didn’t leave any marks?” Roland smiled.
“Because you’re the one that climbed the tree,” he said, chewing on his gum. 



	
Rolling Saphora’s finger against the dark ink, Glover gently pressed her right pinky against the sheet of paper. Standing there, Saphora watched, her nose wrinkled upwards from the unfamiliar smell of the ink. When done with the pinky, he moved on to her ring finger, repeating the process. 
“I’m sorry about my partner,” he said in a low voice. Roland, who was waiting outside the closed room, was on his cellphone.
“I’m the one that should be sorry for you,” Saphora scoffed. Glover chuckled, nodding as he rolled Saphora’s middle finger against the ink.
“Thanks.”
“He’s not all there, is he?” Glover sighed, giving a soft shrug.
“According to our psychologist, he’s just a prick.”
“Sounds about right,” Saphora concurred. 
“Yeah well. Maybe he just needs a big hug,” Glover suggested, raising a brow at Saphora. “Care to give him one?” Saphora laughed mockingly.
“I’d rather be found guilty.” Glover laughed, moving on to her other hand. 
“I don’t blame you.” 
“So after this I can go home?” Saphora asked, glancing up at Glover.
“I’m not sure. My boss had said she wanted to ask you some questions.” 
“Is there a reason I wasn’t told that before coming here?” Glover grinned, pressing her left index finger into the ink.
“You’re not the easiest person to get a hold of.”




	Back at Maverick’s apartment, Maverick was pacing the floor of his living room while Hydra was trying to better organize her belongings. He had just gotten off the phone with Jared, telling him once again that he was too busy for him to come over and play video games. Finally stopping, her plopped down onto the sofa with a groaning sigh and a shake of his head. Hydra, noticing the stressed actions, turned her attention to him, watching him closely. 
“Is everything alright?” she asked.
“Yeah, I just, uh – how long do you plan on staying here?”
“Is there a problem with me staying here?”
“No, it’s just that it’s only a matter of time before my friend starts wondering why he can’t come over.”
“Why can he not come over?” Maverick stared at her blankly.
“Well … Because … You’re here.” Hydra raised a brow, not following.
“And?” Maverick chuckled loosely, running his hand awkwardly through his hair and scratching the back of his head. 
“Okay, uhm, I don’t know if you know this, but you’re a super human. Not even human. You’re a super powered alien.”
“Your friend is not going to know that.” Maverick laughed.
“You – okay, you don’t have pupils. People around here? Humans? We have pupils. That might freak some people out.” Hydra fell silent at the observation, staring into Maverick’s eyes. She spread her palm in front of her face, coating it in ice in order to see her reflection. She glanced from his eyes to hers, taking note of the comparison. The small black dot in the center of his light brown eyes, compared to her endless spheres of lavender. 
“Oh … I suppose I should conceal my eyes when traveling with you.”
“Yes, you – wait, okay and that’s another thing. You’re going to be following me everywhere I go?” Hydra nodded. “That might not work.”
“What do you mean?”
“I work. You know, I have a job.”
“I just heard you say you would not go in until three days from this one, if my knowledge of your ‘week’ is accurate.”
“Yeah, but … I will be going back. What will you do for the six or eight hours that I will be there? Be a customer?” 
“Yes.” 
Maverick shook his head. 
“That’s not going to work. They’re going to think you’re stalking me.”
“Stalking?” Hydra asked. Maverick sighed, leaning back on the sofa.
“Never mind. You know … You don’t need to follow me. I’m not going to tell anyone about who Saphora is.” Hydra was silent for a moment.
“It is no longer to protect her from you,” Hydra argued, before hearing her communicator start going off. She looked over to the book she had set it on, walking over to it. Maverick watched as she ran her finger along the side of the flat sphere. And within that instant, a hologram of Artemis appeared. Maverick stood in pure shock of the technology before him, as Hydra stared into the image. The distraught Artemis glitched before beginning to speak.
“Hydra?”
“Yes, Artemis. What is it?”
“Where is Saphora?”
“With the humans.”
“You need to go to her! Tebias is on the move,” Artemis urged.
“How long?”
“About forty minutes.” Hydra nodded, ending the transmission. She turned on her heel, heading for the front door. 
“Come on,” Hydra ordered, looking back at the stunned Maverick. He was hovering over the communicator in amazement. Looking up at the impatient Hydra, his brows wrinkled.
“Saphora’s in trouble?”
“She will be if we don’t leave. Do you know where the police took her?”
“Uh, yeah, the police station,” Maverick answered, walking up behind Hydra. 
“Take us there.”





	“Geez, what were you guys doing in there, having a picnic?” Roland asked, pushing himself off the wall he was leaning on when he saw Glover and Saphora come out of the room.
“Just having a conversation like normal people,” Glover responded, while Saphora refused to even acknowledge the question. She stared down the hallway with dread, waiting for them to take her to Officer Johnson, who had been said to have questions. Roland scoffed, crossing his arms.
“I bet there wasn’t nothing normal about it,” he challenged, giving a once over Saphora. “Johnson had to step out. So I guess you got lucky today.” 
“So I can leave?” she asked.
“You seem eager to get out of here,” Roland pointed out.
“This isn’t exactly my favorite place to hang out. Not to mention the company sucks,” Saphora spat, glancing up at Glover in consideration before adding, “Most of it, anyway,” and looking back at Roland. 
“What, you spend twenty minutes in a room together and suddenly you’re best friends? What’d you guys do, fuck?”
“Roland,” Glover groaned and Saphora rolled her eyes, looking away from him.
“Can I leave or not?” Saphora asked again.
“Yeah, sure. I’ll drop you off, your highness,” Roland sloppily offered, popping his gum. Glover shook his head and stepped forward.
“No, I’ll take her home.” Roland smiled, shrugging his shoulders.
“What, you jealous? You guys dating now?” Saphora scoffed, and started walking down the hallway towards the lobby of the station. Glover jabbed his hand at Roland’s shoulder warningly.
“I will taze you,” he warned in a low voice.
“Come on, you got her to talk? About what?” Roland asked in a voice that was almost as low. Glover shook his head, chuckling and putting his hands on his hips as he watched Saphora get closer to the lobby. “Well?” Roland stressed. Glover turned back to look at his anxious partner.
“You want to know what we talked about?” Glover asked, crossing his arms and leaning towards Roland. He chuckled, and started walking away. “We talked about our common distaste for you,” he called out as he laughed. Roland stood there, appalled. 
“Well I’m glad you two found something in common,” he somewhat shouted. 
Glover rushed over to catch up with Saphora before she could reach the front doors. 
“So, are you going home or am I bringing you somewhere else?” Glover asked generously. Saphora looked up at him, before walking out of the lobby and onto the pavement.
“I really have no problem walking home,” Saphora insisted, not slowing down when he followed behind her.
“Nonsense. Please, let me bring you home. I insist,” Glover pressed. Saphora sighed, stopping in her path. 
“What is it with you guys and needing to take me home? I’m a grown woman.”
“It’s a code,” answered Glover. Saphora tilted her head up, holding back the urge to scoff at the answer.
“Oh, right. It’s expected of police, right? Tell you what. You can not, and say you did. It’ll be our little secret,” Saphora offered, winking and starting to walk again. But Glover kept up with her, shaking his head in disagreement.
“Not a code of work. But a code of being a gentlemen,” Glover clarified. Saphora laughed harshly.
“Right, because Roland is the perfect gentleman.” Glover shrugged.
“Alright, maybe he was following a different code.”
“Or maybe he just wanted to get in Fran’s pants.” 
“Alright. What’s it going to take for you to let me bring you home?” Saphora thought, her brows raising at the opportunity to gain something.
“Answers.”
“Answers. To what questions?”
“Any that I have during the ride.” Glover grinned, tilting his head to the side in amusement, his hands on his hips.
“Alright, fine. Answers.” Saphora smirked.
“It’s the red one, right?” she asked, changing her path to walk towards the red Chevy that was parked a little ways away in the parking lot. Glover laughed, shaking his head as he followed.



	“So what is your first question?” Glover asked, now that they were driving along the highway. With one hand comfortably on the top of the steering wheel, they were going a smooth 55 mph. Saphora folded her hands in her lap and nodded.
“What’s your name?” she asked, turning her head to look at him while he watched the road. “Your first name.” Glover grinned, exhaling a chuckle through his nose.
“Dani,” he answered honestly. Saphora nodded, poking her lip out.
“Huh. I half expected you to say something I couldn’t pronounce.” Glover laughed.
“Why, because I am Arabian?” 
“Precisely because you’re Arabian.” 
“Yes, well, my mother was very considerate when naming me, I suppose,” he said, as he switched lanes.
“And what about your last name? Glover doesn’t strike me as very Arabian.” Glover nodded.
“Yes. It is my father’s last name. He’s Scottish.”
“Oh, I see.”
“And what about you?”
“What about me?”
“I know your first name, but not your last. Or do you take Fran’s last name?” Saphora shook her head. 
“No, I don’t.”
“So what is it, then?” Saphora hesitated before answering.
“Kiran.”
“Kiran,” Glover repeated, searching his knowledge for what nationality that may have fallen under. “What is that?” Saphora grinned, shaking her head. Instead of even considering her answer, she merely said,
“Can’t remember.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It can’t be helped. Next question. Being an Arabian, you know what they go through here, right?” Glover paused.
“Yes …”
“Have you ever had to deport another Arabian?” Glover grimaced.
“Yes.”
“Even if you knew they had done nothing wrong?” Looking at Saphora for a brief moment, he frowned, shaking his head and returning his attention to the road.
“Why are you asking me this?”
“How many times?”
“What?”
“Deported an innocent man? Locked away an innocent man. How many-”
“Once,” he said in aggravation. Saphora paused, almost surprised by his answer. She nodded, reading his expression.
“You hated it.” 
Glover sighed, blinking a few times and adjusting his grip on the steering wheel. “Would you ever do it again?” Glover was silent, his jaw clenching. “Would you?”
“No,” he finally answered. “Never again.” Switching lanes as he approached his desired exit, he grumbled. “Next question.” Saphora nodded, looking out the window as she thought of another to ask. And as she did, something in the side mirror caught her attention. It took a moment for her eyes to make out what it was. But when they did, they widened in horror. Her breath caught in her throat as she struggled to keep breathing. And with a strained exhale, she found the words,
“Oh my god.”

********

“I don’t see why I have to conceal my hair as well,” Hydra complained, constantly adjusting the baseball cap that Maverick had instructed her to wear. Her navy locks were tucked beneath the cap as neatly as it would allow. Finally giving up with trying to coop with the strange sensation, she dropped her hands in her lap with a sigh.
“Because I don’t think it’s a good idea to give people the chance to recognize you,” he explained, handing her a pair of sunglasses. “Here,” he said, putting them in her lap. Opening them up, she turned them around in her hands, her brows pinching together in wonder.
“What are these?”
“For your eyes. The rods go against your ears.” Blinking, Hydra slowly raised them to her face, gasping once she did. She looked around a bit panicked, her hand reaching forward.
“The sun! Your sun has stopped!” Maverick rolled his eyes, wiping his hand down his face as he shook his head.
“Those are sunglasses. They make the light less harsh. And they also make it harder for people to see your eyes.”
“Naming them after something that gives light, when they take it away. You humans are so strange.”
“Hey, I didn’t come up with the name, alright? Just wear-“
“Stop! Stop your vehicle!” Hydra urged, pressing her hand against the passenger window. Maverick pulled over as quickly as the road would allow, and looked over in her direction.
“What? What is it?”
“There. Can you see that?” she asked, pointing out into the distance. There was black smoke rising from the area. She stared for a moment longer before looking back at Maverick.
“Smoke,” he answered. “That looks like it’s on the highway. Near Saphora’s house, too.” Hydra tapped urgently against the window, ice spreading from her index finger onto the window each time.
“Get us there. Now!” Maverick leaned back into his seat and shifted gears, speeding off down the road and cutting someone off in the process. Hydra gripped onto the car door to steady herself as the speed of the car picked up with each passing second.
“How do you know it’s him?” Maverick asked, speeding around cars with ease.
“Is fire a normal thing to happen spontaneously on your roads?” 
“Good point,” he answered, cutting off someone else and speeding onto the ramp to the highway. But once they were on the road to the highway, Maverick had no choice but to slow down when meeting the traffic that was building up due to what was in front of them. 
“Can you not go any faster?”
“Not unless you want me to wreck some cars.” Hydra groaned, trying to peer around the cars. In a fit of desperation, Hydra gestured to the side of the road. 
“Stop over here,” she instructed. Maverick peeled off as asked and parked the car. Not a moment after, Hydra was getting out of the car and starting to run down the road towards what was causing the traffic – Tebias. Maverick fumbled to get the keys from the car, getting out of the car and rushing after her.
“Wait up!” he shouted, trying to catch up with her surprising speed.
“Stay back!” she warned. The battlefield was no place for a human. Especially Maverick. But Maverick ignored her warnings, and did his best to keep up with her, wanting to help. It took about five minutes for Hydra to come close enough for her to see the scene. Saphora was cowering behind what was left of a flaming red Chevy. She was holding onto Glover, who was injured and immobile. Blood stained his forehead and neck, and a good portion of his clothing. Tebias was on the other side of the highway, whose traffic had also grown denser in the mists of the calamity. He was approaching fast, igniting the already burning car, waiting for Saphora to either come out from the wreckage, or be blown to bits. Sobbing, she held onto Glover tightly, not knowing what to do. 
“Saphora!” Maverick called out from behind Hydra, once he had gotten close enough to see. “Saphora!” 
Barely hearing the voice over the roar of the fire and horns of the cars, Saphora turned her head in shock, desperate for what she thought she heard to be real. And when she saw the impossible sight of Maverick and Hydra running towards her, she smiled, tears streaming down her face. Tebias’ head snapped over in their direction, a snarl ripping from his throat. With rushed actions, he sent another fireball hurling towards the car. The car bounced at the impact, and then, a moment later, exploded. Hydra’s eyes went wide as she sprang towards the blossoming fire. Maverick, however, skid to a painful stop, nearly falling to the ground as his arm raised to protect his face from the heat that surged through the area. Blinking furiously, he looked over at the now blurred image of the growing flames. Breathing heavily, he jerked his arm away from his face and fought to steady himself on his feet. 
“Saphora!!” he screamed in denial, watching the flames with some hope that she would come running out of them. But with every passing moment, the hope began to dwindle. Hydra rushed up to the scene, spinning on her heel to dodge the incoming fireball. Her left hand aimed at him, firing several ice spheres. Two hit him in the shoulder before he moved to get out of the way, his hand reaching up to remove them with a groan. Hydra’s right hand sprang forward towards the car and unleashed a stream of water onto the fires, rushing to put them out. Her other hand soon joined her as she coughed at the thickening air.
“You better not be dead,” she said to herself. People were screaming, getting out of their cars to move away from the danger. Hydra drew closer to the flames as they began to die down, and ran to where she had last scene Saphora. But something stopped her, and ignited hope in both her and Maverick. Clearing the majority of the fire, Hydra could see that her water was falling down onto some kind of sphere. And as more fire was extinguished, it was clear that it was a force field. Saphora was inside, eyes shut tight, and arms tightly wrapped around Glover. Hearing the water being poured over her head, she peeked her eyes open. She looked around at the force field that she was producing in both shock and joy.
Seeing this, Tebias growled in distaste, ripping the second ice sphere from his arm. Hydra stopped as Saphora stood up, after having gently placed Glover on the ground. She spoke into the receiver that was once attached to his hip.
“Officer down. Officer Glover is down, please send help. There was an accident on the highway. Please hurry, he’s hurt badly,” Saphora said into the device before dropping it and turning around to face the burning remains of the car.
“No!” Tebias shouted in anger, his hands flaming. With new found confidence, now that she had help to take on Tebias, she raised her hands and leaned back for a moment, before thrusting forward and shoving her hands out. The remains of the car skid forward at an alarming pace, right into Tebias, crushing him against the guardrail. Hydra looked over at the now running Maverick, and then looked behind her, seeing that there were on a bridge. She looked down at the water below with joy, coming up with a way to escape the situation before the authorities.
“Come on! We need to get to the car!” Maverick shouted, running up to them. He immediately went up to Saphora, gripping onto her trembling shoulders. 
“Are you okay? I saw the – you blew up,” Maverick breathed, looking about her features in search of marks or burns or anything that would assume pain. Saphora nodded, keeping her eyes on the car.
“Fine, I’m fine. Hydra?” she asked panicked. The car started to move, insinuating that Tebias was not ready to give in. Hydra’s hands shot forward, this time sending large pillar-like spheres flying at each end of the car remains. They pinned the car against the guardrail, and therefore Tebias. He roared with rage as he tried to get free from the burning mass against him. Once done, Hydra turned back around.
“There’s no time to go back to the car. We are going to jump,” Hydra advised. Both Saphora and Tebias turned around to look at the water below. Maverick looked back at Hydra like she had lost her mind.
“Are you out of your mind? Jump into the river? And then what?!” Maverick argued.
“Leave that to me,” Hydra explained. Saphora looked back at her, wondering if that meant what she thought it did. Hydra nodded. “This river comes close to the abandoned house. We can emerge there. Saphora, you’re going to jump with Maverick. Use your force field to contain you, to conserve the oxygen until I get you.” Saphora nodded, feeling like she had a good enough control over herself to create a force field on command. 
“Wait, wait, we’re actually doing this?” he asked, looking back and forth between the two. “Oh my god. We’re going to die. This is how I’m going to die,” Maverick complained, nodding. “At least blowing up would have been quick,” he argued as Saphora grabbed his arm. 
“Jump!” she said pulling him over the edge. They leaped into the air over the guardrail. Saphora curled her body, keeping her eyes on the water and focusing. Maverick, on the other hand, was failing everything but the arm that Saphora was holding, and screaming the entire way down. He held his breath when diving into the water, and closed his eyes tightly. He curled his body up, huddling close to Saphora. But as the moments passed, he noticed that there was no water. There was no feeling of the river around him. One eye peaked open, followed by the other as they both widened. There in the depths of the river, he could see the thin film of the force field. Without him even noticing, his let go of his held breath, breathing in the oxygen that was contained in the protective sphere. Slowly, he reached forward, placing his hand against the surface. He looked back at Saphora, and jumped when seeing her eyes - a glowing white. But she returned his glance, and smiled.
“I’m doing it,” she said softly, as if her volume would affect the sturdiness of the shield. Maverick smiled, his brows raising as he exhaled. He nodded, looking back out at the water.
“Yeah you are. So cool,” he somewhat laughed. “So now what?” he asked, looking back at Saphora. She was looking straight ahead, her expression caught between fear and relief. Her hand rose, her index finger pointing in front of her. Maverick turned back around, squinting into the darkness of the water, trying to make out what she was pointing at. Finally, after some effort and straining of his eyes, he was able to make out what looked to be a giant snout coming towards them, with snake-like movements. Maverick stood somewhat dumbfounded as his brain fought to accept what he was seeing. The option for denial however was quickly shot down as the snout opened, revealing the drakon’s toothy mouth. The suction caused from her opening her mouth pulled Saphora’s force field into her mouth and sent Maverick into a fit of screaming cries. 

********

	“I can’t believe I’m alive right now,” Maverick said, walking into the abandoned house. Saphora trudged into the house behind him, nearly stumbling into him in her exhaustion. Keeping that force field going took no small amount of energy, and her strain was showing. “I can’t believe I was inside a dragon’s mouth, and am alive to say this,” he said, shaking his head.
“Drakon,” Hydra corrected, following them into the house. Maverick turned around to look at Hydra.
“What?”
“Drakon.” 
“That’s what I said.”
“No, you said dragon.”
“Isn’t that what you just said?” 
“Drakon. I am a water drakon,” Hydra insisted. Maverick raised his brows and scoffed, nodding as he walked further into the house.
“You’re confusing, is what you are,” he grumbled. “How does all of that fit into this … this little woman that you are now?” Hydra shook her head.
“Do not try to understand our anatomy,” she sighed, looking behind her to gaze out of the front door. “If we are lucky, your authorities will capture Tebias. With the state he is in now, they may actually be able to hold him.”
“Why is he after her anyway? What’s his problem?” Maverick asked with aggravation. He stopped to turn around, waiting for her answer as Saphora made her way to the marble countertop. There were now a few scratches and dents, but she was grateful to see it had survived. 
“It is because she is the only chance of them failing. Without her, they are sure to take down the kingdom.”
“Who’s they? Just who is he getting his orders from?” 
Hydra paused with a grimace.
“His mother.”

********

“Worthless!” spat Ares. “You’ve always been weak, you pathetic boy. How is it that you cannot not even manage to defeat a child? Handicapped, at that!” Ares screeched from the communicator in Tebias’ palm. His head lowered, he took the scolding. “You continue to fail me, Tebias.” 
“She is not completely so. Each time I face her, she has regained more control of her power-“
“Excuses!” she hissed. “You dare give me excuses? Fourteen years you were on that wretched planet! Did you think she would be helpless forever, you fool?” Her pale grey eyes were crisp in their fury. Tebias ground his teeth at the pitch in her voice.
“Mother, I-“
“No! You do not have the right to call me such a name. I will not have a son as inadequate as you.” 
“… I am not what I was when arriving to this planet … Time has taken my strength. Hydra now guards the girl. My fire cannot match her water,” he admitted, biting down on his pride. Ares laughed mockingly. The melodic ring echoed through his ears.
“Yes, time. Time is to blame?” Ares scoffed, shaking her head. Her blood red hair shifting against her shoulders as she did. “You are not to make another movement until Vasuki arrives.” she instructed, ending the transmission and thrusting her communicator from her desk onto the floor in rage. She groaned flinging her arms for a moment before attempting to settle down. From the doorway, Ulric’s voice could be heard. 
“The girl lives, then?” he asked from his leaning position against the doorframe. His arms crossed, as well as his legs.
“She not only lives, but she grows stronger! Because of this cursed boy.” Ulric chuckled and stepped into the room.
“Don’t you think you’re being a bit harsh on the boy? She is an ekechi, after all,” he pointed out, coming around the desk Ares sat at and leaning against the windowsill behind her. Ares scowled.
“Am I to hear excuses from you as well? She was helpless when landing on that planet. Not a clue as to who, or what she was. He is useless,” she insisted, pushing her chair back and standing up to walk around the front of the desk. “And what’s worse, he’s becoming even more so. He’s only going to get weaker until Vasuki joins him. Now I’ve got to go through the trouble of sending her to that worthless planet.”
“You should be happy, dearest. The two of them will rid you of that girl,” Ulric offered, as he pushed her chair back in under the desk. 
“It should have been done years ago.”
“Mm, but if he had, you wouldn’t have given birth to our secret weapon,” argued Ulric. And Ares smiled, slowly turning to face him.
“Ah, yes. My pride and joy.”
“I wonder how she would fair, going up against the girl.” 
“I do too. But I have no problem never finding out. I would rather her dead,” Ares said with a light shrug, turning back around. “Guard!” she shouted. Almost instantly one of the guards from outside the room came rushing around and through the doorway, bowing to Ares.
“Yes, my mistress,” he answered gruffly.
“Bring me Vasuki,” she ordered. The guard nodded.
“Yes, my mistress,” he succumbed, before rushing off to find the wicked snake. Ares turned back to look at her lover, her shoulders slumping.
“Why must everything require so much effort?” she asked him with a bit of a whine. He chuckled, stepping forward to lay comforting hands on her bare shoulders.
“Because it wouldn’t be worth it if not.”
“I shouldn’t even have to go through this,” she sneered. “The throne should be mine.” Ulric nodded, placing a kiss upon her forehead.
“And it will be, dearest. I’ll see to it that it is.” 
Ares smiled, tilting her head back to hover her lips just a breath away from his.
“Mm, with you by my side, yes?”
“Of course.” Ulric briefly placed his lips against hers. She sighed.
“How I wish I had found you before the first. Then I would have been spared the birthing of such a useless boy. Perhaps even have had another with you,” Ares moped. Ulric chuckled, shaking his head.
“Hades was a handful as it were. And don’t even get me started on the girl. We’re still rebuilding the left wing.” Ares giggled, breaking from his embrace.
“You’re jealous that you couldn’t partake in her making.” Ulric scoffed.
“Jealous isn’t exactly the word.” Ares smiled.
“Oh, but just think of the service she will provide for our goal.” Ulric shook his head, smirking questionably at the purely professional tone in which she spoke of her children.
“A woman of business,” he commented. Ares smirked, gazing at Ulric sensually.
“And a woman of pleasure.” Ulric laughed.
“Ha, and which child was which, I wonder?” Ares smiled, shaking her head and coming closer to Ulric.
“I never think of business when laying with you,” she reassured, trailing her hands up the sleek black material of his leather shirt. The smirk faded from his lips as Vasuki cleared her throat, standing in the doorway with a smirk of her own. 
“Interrupting something, am I? If I’m not mistaken, I was summoned,” she reminded, one hand on her nearly bare hip. Ulric took the step to the side, setting Vasuki in Ares sights. 
“Ah, Vasuki. There you are.”
“Here I am, mistress. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“It is time for you to reunite with your lesser half,” answered Ares, as she slowly stepped away from Ulric and moved towards her. Vasuki’s brows rose, as she glanced from Ulric to Ares. 
“Tebias,” she stated, almost unsure.
“I’m sure you’ve heard of Hydra’s arrival on Earth,” said Ulric. Vasuki nodded.
“Yes. I figured it was only a matter of time before I was sent after him,” she said with a sigh. Ares grumbled. “Well, perhaps he can be a little more useful once his guardian is with him.”
“I should hope so,” Ares said with a narrowing of her eyes. “If the both of you prove to be useless, the outcome will not be pleasant.” Vasuki nodded in silence, keeping her lead lowered. “Prepare yourself for travel. You leave tomorrow. You will help him recuperate for one day, and then take care of this problem that has festered.” Vasuki nodded again.
“Yes, my mistress,” she complied before turning around to leave the room.
“And Vasuki?” Ares called out. Vasuki turned around, waiting for Ares’ next request. “Bring me Enya.” Vasuki nodded, turning back around and leaving the room in search of the phoenix. Ulric’s brow arched curiously as he turned to his wife.
“Enya? You’re sending Enya as well?” asked Ulric. Ares shook her head.
“Enya is not for Saphora,” Ares clarified. “There is another problem to be taken care of.”



Once Saphora had calmed down, Hydra allowed her to regain another memory. Saphora had sat down against the side of the marble counter. Maverick was seated beside her, and Hydra was casting what dialog she knew by heart. And it was working. Saphora’s eyes slowly picked up their glow as her head dipped forward. 
She was now standing in the middle of a hallway. A hallway covered in growing flames. They danced and whipped around the shining floors. She stumbled back away from the flames, whimpering and gasping. 
“Hurry! We must get her to the pod!” someone screamed, rushing through the hallway. 
And then she saw it. Herself. She was looking in on herself. She was but a little girl, clinging to the woman that was carrying her. She had her face buried in the woman’s shoulder, and her arms wrapped around her neck. The woman panted as she ran through the hallway. And Saphora looked on in bewilderment. There was another woman behind her, who was heavily armed with various weaponry. There were two swords strapped to her back, two daggers on either of her thighs, and a belt containing several more weapons of her choice. 
Behind those three, there was a figure that had just come around the corner at the end of the hallway. They went into a powered sprint, working to catch up with the women and child. And when Saphora was able to see who the figure was, her understanding of the situation took a turn for the worst. It was Tebias, gaining on the fleeing women. Saphora nearly choked on her own breath as they all came running towards her. She tried to scream, but she couldn’t. Her voice had left her. So she backed away slowly, shaking her head. What was happening? 
As the woman with her younger self rushed past her, she turned to the side, so that the woman could rush past without delay, and she looked into her younger self’s eyes. They peered up from the woman’s shoulder, wide, frightened, and red with tears. Tears that streamed down her pink cheeks, and stained her bare neck. There were scratches about her face. Some were bleeding, some weren’t. Her mouth was open, strings of saliva between her parted lips as she sobbed, looking back at the scene in front her, behind the woman carrying her. 
Saphora’s heart rate picked up as she realized that she was looking at herself. With new eyes, she looked around the hallway with new understanding. She understood. She felt what the little girl was feeling. The fear, the anguish, and the overwhelming knowledge of what was coming next. This was her departure. Saphora grimaced in agony as she watched the woman run off with her. 
She turned around to look back at the woman that had stayed behind to face the approaching Tebias. Her long raven braid whipping about as she pivoted her body whilst drawing the two swords from her back. With a battle-ready scream, she started running at Tebias, doing all that she could to defend them, and give them enough time to get to the escape pods. Pillars in the hallway began to crack as the two ran at each other, debris from the stone ceilings above falling down onto them. Tebias sent fire blazing from his hands at the woman. The woman spun around for momentum as she sliced through the fire with one blade, and reached to her side, to throw three more at him. He dodged them with ease, leaping over them and blowing more fire down onto the woman, spinning into a flaming twister. 
Saphora turned back around, watching as her younger self was taken away, and found herself following them. She wanted to know where she was going. Who that was carrying her. Even though her heart already had a clear idea of who it could have been.
And then the scene changed.
Saphora spun on her heel when she noticed the change that seemed to happen within the timespan of a blink. Panicked that she had lost her younger self, she looked around in all directions. She was now in some sort of vehicle – a pod. Eventually hearing the sound of crying, she turned her head in that direction, and saw herself and the woman. The woman was setting the little girl inside the pod, and whispering to her soothingly.
“Shh, little one. It’s okay. Everything’s okay,” the woman said while fighting back tears of her own. She stroked the child’s face, and placed a kiss on her forehead. “Mommy loves you. Mommy loves you so much.”
Saphora’s eyes went wide in both surprise and horror. She immediately recognized the voice. And tears immediately began to flow down her face as her chest heaved.
“Mom?” Saphora croaked, staring at the pale sage-haired woman. 
“Mommy has to go for a little while, okay?” she said, giving the child another kiss. “But you’ll be back. You’ll be back soon.”
“Mommy,” her younger self cried. 
“Mom,” Saphora sobbed with her.
There was an ear-shattering roar that erupted in the skies. Saphora covered her ears and fell to the floor of the pod. Her eyes squinted open in pain, wanting to keep her eyes on her mother. Her pale grey eyes welled up, threatening to spill over as she continued to caress the little girl’s face.
“Arol’s coming with you, okay? I want you two to wait for me, alright? We’re going to come back for you,” she said, giving the child another kiss. This one lingered for a few moments as the woman’s tears finally spilled over down her cheeks. “Mommy loves you so much, Saphora. Stay safe. Stay alive,” she croaked just above a whisper before letting go of the child and closing the door to the pod. Her younger self pressed the palms of her hands against the glass of the pod, looking up at her crying mother. The woman turned away and slammed her hand against a keypad beside the pod, and noises of detachment could be heard as it prepared for launch. The little girl screamed, and so did Saphora as she rushed up to the glass beside her and beat her hands against it. 
“Mom!” she yelled in unison with her younger self. 
They both beat against the glass until they were thrust back against the seat as the pod took off into the sky, her younger self hitting her head during the tumble. Saphora struggled to sit up in the pod, straining to look out the glass. And when she did, she saw a castle under attack. There were what looked to be demons, and mutated creatures storming the grounds of the castle, with more entering the lands of the kingdom. She didn’t know what it all meant. All she knew was that she had just met and lost her mother. She sobbed as she beat against the glass repeatedly, calling out for her. Only to get further away with each call. It wasn’t long before Saphora and her younger self were surrounded by the silent scare of infinite space. The stableness of the vision began to glitch as her younger self began to lose consciousness from the impact to her skull. Saphora looked around nervously, as the glass to the pod disappeared and reappeared. She looked down to herself, shaking her head.
“No, no, wake up. Wake up! We’ve got to go back …” she urged, reaching over to shake herself. But her hands went right through. She brought her hands back up in despair as she realized she could do nothing to help herself, or return to the memory she desperately wanted more of. Saphora looked up at the fading vision of her planet – of her mother. She whined, looking down at the disintegrating image of herself. “I’ve got to go back.”

Saphora’s eyes shot open in her despair, her heart racing and her breath short. Her vision fluttered about the room, and she realized that she was projecting her emotion into the atmosphere. Debris was whipping around the room. Hydra had covered herself and Maverick behind a shield of ice. She was watching calmly, while Maverick looked on in concern. His body language showed that he was very reluctant to stay behind the ice. But that wasn’t what caused Saphora to calm down. It was the beginnings of the lifting of the marble counter behind her that startled her enough to calm the raging winds. She scrambled to her feet, reaching around and gripping onto the counter, trying to keep it secured onto the ground. The winds reduced at a somewhat rapid pace, before coming to a stop, and giving Hydra the sign that it was okay to rid them of the wall of ice. 
Saphora’s eyes fluttered as they closed tightly and opened repeatedly. Her breathing strained as she was overwhelmed with flashes. Even though the session had stopped, she was still getting fragments of memories. Images of her and her father. Of her and Dizabethere. Of her being scolded for using her power – being taught to control them. Of whispering conversations between her mother and father. Of the starting of the war. 
Saphora sucked in a sharp breath, her frame shaking as she gripped the counter, now trying to keep herself standing. Her eyes stayed shut as she fought to regain her breath. She shook her head, tears forming in her eyes. 
“Make it stop!” Saphora cried out in desperation, her fingertips pressing into the counter top and actually beginning to crack into it. The winds that had died down began to pick up again, as the fractions of memory continued to flood Saphora’s vision. 
Visions of her mother holding her flooded in. Of her teaching her how to walk. Hydra raised her hands with a groan at the winds that were picking back up, while Maverick tried moving forward towards Saphora. He struggled against the winds, dodging small planks of wood that came drifting up. 
“Please!” Saphora pleaded, the tears starting to spill over. She wanted her memory back, but not like this. There were too many things. Images of her crying. Of her mother crying. Having to part with her. Tebias. Hades. Names to faces she suddenly knew, but not why. Not why they were there. Her body began to tremble from the stress of the images. Maverick finally reached her, gripping onto the counter for support. He looked back to Hydra, who was starting to express some concern for the situation.
“Hydra! Stop it!” Maverick shouted, looking back and forth from her to the pained Saphora. Hydra exhaled, shaking her head as she slowly began to move closer to them.
“I can’t. I need the books! This was not supposed to happen. Her subconscious is trying to merge with her conscious,” Hydra explained. Maverick groaned, moving closer to Saphora. As he placed his hand on her arm, Hydra screamed out a moment too late,
“Don’t!”
The moment Maverick’s hand made contact with Saphora’s skin, he was thrust into the world of her unstable subconscious. Within the instant, Saphora was gone. But her sobs could still be heard in the hallway he was now in. To his left, there was a wooden door. A white wooden door. As he moved to open the door, the scene changed, startling him. He was in the mists of a courtyard. A burning courtyard. Pieces of pillars, fragments of fences, and sections of sculptures were scattered about the area. The ground had been disturbed in several areas, and there were copious amounts of people running in all directions. Some fighting with weapons, some fighting with their bodies, and some just fighting any way they knew how. But again, Maverick heard the whimpering of Saphora. He spun around, more concerned with where it was coming from than the war that was waging around him. And then the scene changed again, and Saphora was sitting right before him. A mere child. She was pressed up against the wall of what looked like a closet, with her knees up against her chest, and her face buried in her arms. Her mint hair was set aflame – blue flames, dancing around her head, but not seeming to bother her. Slowly, he fell to his knees, inching closer to the frightened Saphora.
“Saphora …?” Maverick called softly to her. Saphora’s head slowly rose, revealing her glowing, tearing eyes. They peered out at Maverick, drops of flames spilling from Saphora’s hair onto the carpeted floor and spreading across towards Maverick. But he kept his pace towards her steady, determined to get to her. 
“It’s okay. You’re okay,” he cooed, inching closer with each word. She continued to stare, her chest heaving in her silent sobs. “You’re okay. Don’t cry,” he continued, finally close enough to get a hold of her. As his hands found her arms, the scenery around them morphed into that of the abandoned house. Saphora’s features remained the same as she stared into Maverick’s eyes. All but her age. Her hair was still a swaying flame, and her eyes were a glowing chaos. But slowly, they began to fade. And her flames began to die, as she found a peace to calm her. Her eyes fluttered, letting the last of her tears stain her cheeks as Maverick looked around the kitchen, somewhat grateful to be back in what was a little closer to reality. Hydra watched in astonishment as Saphora was brought back to the present. She was silent in her amazement as her eyes drifted to Maverick. 
He had become a new priority. 
Maverick smiled. 
“There you go,” he cheered, shaking her arms ever so slightly. Looking around, her eyes found Hydra, and she wobbled a step forward – Maverick ready to hold her up.
“I remember,” she croaked. Hydra’s eyes snapped to Saphora. Saphora nodded. “Enough. I remember enough.” Hydra was hesitant.
“Arol?”
“What?”
“Do you remember Arol?” Saphora took a moment to recall, but grimaced when she couldn’t. She shook her head, and Hydra sighed.
“Arol’s role in your conscious is crucial for returning home.”
“But there was so much else that I saw – that I know.”
“What do you know?”
“That there was a war … That … that I have powers. That –“ That caught Hydra’s attention. Her head tilted forward in response.
“Powers. You remember what you’re able to do?”
“Well, I … I remembered fire. Blue fire. I have a feeling that I can use it – like, like Tebias,”
“What else do you remember?”
“Why do I have to remember every little thing? People don’t remember their entire childhood anyway! What do you want me to do, remember being born?” Saphora stressed, pushing off of Maverick to stand up straight. “I remember the war – my power. Or what I know of it. I’m sure there were things I could do that I didn’t know as a child. But I was a child. You can’t hold that against me.” Saphora raised her arm and pointed her index finger towards the hole in the kitchen’s wall. “Look, it’s clear that Tebias and whoever is leading him isn’t going to stop. I almost died today – again. My mom sent you to help me, right? How do you know his leader won’t send someone to help him? What then? You can’t be everywhere I am.” Hydra paused at that possibility. She had been foolish not to consider that. Saphora was right. They couldn’t afford to wait any longer to start her training. It could very well mean the death of her – of them all.
“So are you going to train me, or not?” Saphora groaned. Hydra pressed her lips together in a hard line, exhaling her answer.


Saphora and Hydra had begun the physical training after Saphora had taken an hour or so to rest after the ordeal with her subconscious. Hydra explained to her that that could happen multiple times until she has remembered all there is to remember. The training was difficult and sketchy at first, but with every attempt her control grew stronger. It only took about three hours for Saphora to wield a palm of blue fire on command, without much strain at all. It wasn’t a very large amount, but it was still on her command. And that was progress.
They had decided to work on the fire first, seeing as though it proved to be very useful when faced with Tebias and his own. It was also the most destructive, second only to the extreme winds that Saphora was not yet able to produce on her own, or control. Having brought up Dr. Lupin as a concern during the training, Hydra had decided that it was in Saphora’s best interest to get rid of the files that he had collected. As many as she was able to. Maverick had agreed to be involved in the plan, doing whatever he could to be of some assistance. And together, they devised a way, using Saphora’s newly discovered power, to do it. She knew that with what was going on with the police, and Lupin’s shifty attitude, precautions had to be taken. 
And she didn’t have the time to put them off.




“You don’t have to do this, you know,” Saphora said to Maverick, who was on the other end of her phone. Maverick scoffed, shaking his head as he put one arm through his leather jacket, holding the phone to his ear by pressing it between his cheek and shoulder.
“Don’t worry about it. I’m pretty sure this is going to go down as the coolest thing I’ve ever done,” he reassured. Saphora shook her head, unable to help grinning at the light hearted attitude to what was probably a crime.
“Right after going to jail, right?”
“Oh I highly doubt we’re going to get caught. I mean, what are they going to say to the court? That you spawned fire? Right,” he scoffed, sliding his other arm through his jacket, now able to hold the phone properly. “Besides, if I do go to jail, I’ve got you to bail me out. Or the water dragon here.”
“Drakon,” they heard Hydra correct from the background. 
“Potato,” Maverick spat.
“How are you going to get to the office?” Saphora asked, closing the house door behind her. Fran had already left for the day, and she was just heading out to start walking to Lupin’s office. Flying was still not acceptable to her. And it probably wouldn’t be, until she met and befriended whatever was thought to make the noise that caused her to fall.
“I’m going to borrow Jared’s car. It’s going to be a gray Honda. I’ll probably be parked around the corner. You can call me when you walk out, and I’ll tell you where I am.” Saphora nodded.
“Where is Hydra going to be?”
“She’ll be in the car.” Saphora sighed.
“Okay.”
“Are you alright? You don’t sound like you want to do this anymore,” Maverick pointed out, pausing in his steps towards the front door of his apartment, where Hydra was waiting in her sunglasses and baseball cap. 
“No, I do. I would love nothing more than to make Lupin’s life even just a little harder. I just know Fran won’t approve.”
“Wait, you’re not going to tell her, are you?”
“No, but I know Lupin will accuse me.”
“And Fran wouldn’t believe the story you tell her?”
“I don’t like to lie to her …” 
“Well, for the sake of getting away with this, you might have to.”
“Yeah … I know. I’m just not looking forward to it.”
“I know. It’s never easy to lie to someone you care about. But hey, maybe when everything’s going a little more smoothly, you can come clean about everything.” Saphora huffed, nodding.
“Yeah, on my way home,” she scoffed. Maverick paused, but made a note not to do so for long.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine,” he coaxed. “I’m going to … get Hydra ready to go out. Can’t have her looking strange, right?” he said, knowing that she would be in a car with tinted windows. 
“Okay, good luck.”
“Same to you. And remember. Just relax.” Saphora nodded.
“Right, relax,” Saphora sighed, moving the phone from her ear and ending the call. Maverick frowned once the call ended, and slowly lowered the phone into the front pocket of his jeans as he exhaled a breath. Hydra studied him and his body language and he lethargically zipped up his jacket and made his way over to her and the front door. But before she could question him about his behavior, he spoke up.
“Hey … When Saphora goes home … she’s not coming back, is she?” he solemnly asked, averting his eyes from hers. She paused, blinking behind the shades. She felt for the boy. She saw the way he looked at her. As Dolphus looked at Vida. Longing to be with someone he thought would forever be out of his reach.
“You don’t want her to go, do you?”
“I do. I want her to meet her family, save her world, and be happy,” he argued with raised eyebrows. Hydra shook her head.
“Then why are you not?” Maverick paused.
“Because I want to be there when she does it.” Hydra’s brows furrowed in confusion.
“Do you not plan on being?” Maverick looked over at her, now being the one in confusion.
“I said I want to be,” he repeated. Hydra opened the front door, making Maverick take a step back.
“Then be there. There’s enough room on the ship for you too, Maverick.” 


Chapter 11

	“I’m glad you decided to come see me today, Saphora,” Lupin greeted, as Saphora warily made her way to the seat in front of his desk. She sat down with a bit of a huff, and kept her eyes averted from the man.
“I guess you are,” she responded. Lupin folded his hands on his desk, taking a moment to just look at her. 
“Are you going to talk, or should we just proceed with looking at your back?”
Knowing that she had to wait at least ten minutes before Maverick came in to call for the doctor, she chose, against her better judgment, to talk. If she could stall enough to stop him from seeing her back all together, she would be all the happier. 
“What have you got to say to me?” she sneered, more than asked. Lupin sighed, shaking his head.
“Only that I’m trying to help you, Saphora.”
“Help me by doing what? Keeping me here against my will?” He paused, grumbling as he silently considered sharing his thoughts with her. His mouth opened, but nothing came out for a few seconds as he rushed to put his thoughts together.
“The reasoning behind my wanting to take a closer look at your back, is because I believe they mean something.” Saphora paused, her brows slowly pinching together as her anxiety rose a level.
“Something like what? I’m fine.”
“No, I know you are. In fact I believe you’re more than fine,” he said, opening the drawer to his desk. On top of the files on Saphora, was a rather thick book, looking very worn out. Handling it with care, he placed it on the desk, and crossed his hands once again, as Saphora’s eyes narrowed on the book.
“What is this?” she asked, with a slight shrug of her shoulders.
“Have you ever felt … different, Saphora?” Saphora’s breathing nearly caught in her throat, but she forced it to continue for the sake of looking calm. Her eyes rose to meet Lupin’s as she did her best to give her signature sarcastic answer. 
“I have mint hair and ruby eyes. Yes, I’ve felt different.”
“But have you ever wondered why? Why you have those features?”
“I’m pretty sure I was born on a nuclear power plant.”
“I’m being serious, Saphora.”
“And I’m not?” Lupin leaned forward a bit, adjusting himself in his seat. His voice lowered as he spoke again.
“What if I told you, you weren’t human?” 
He said it. Those words. He had really just said them. He knew. He knew she wasn’t human. Or at least, he thought he did. But by the sound of things, he didn’t think that she knew. And for the sake of that possibly being true, she played the crazy card, this time pinning it to Lupin.
“Not human. Now you’re insulting me by calling me a mutant?” she said, seemingly hurt as she averted her eyes. Lupin quickly went to defend himself.
“No, no. Not a mutant. An alien.” Saphora forced a scoffed, purely to keep her breathing properly.
“Oh gee, thanks. You’ve obviously gone off your rocker, doc. I don’t want to hear any more of this,” she insisted. Lupin wanted to go further in depth, but a paging interrupted him.
“Doctor Lupin, I’m sorry to bother you, but you have a visitor, and they’re insisting that they see you immediately.”
Lupin looked up in aggravation as he huffed, shaking his head and standing. He took the book off his desk and dropped it back into the drawer, not bothering to close it as he walked around his desk, adjusting his tie.
“Of all the times for an interruption,” he complained, pausing in front of Saphora. “I’m sorry. I’ll be right back. Please, just think about what I said,” he said, getting a look of distaste from Saphora before rushing out of the office and making his way to the lobby on the first floor. Once Saphora heard the ding of the elevator, she jumped out of her seat and hurried to the open drawer. Taking out the book he had shown her and placing it on the desk, she took a deep breath and started to concentrate. Her palms were open and ready, awaiting the slight tingle of the blue flames.


On the first floor, Lupin was stepping out of the elevator, and turning the corner into the lobby. There he was met by a very shaky, and very dysfunctional Maverick. Upon seeing the doctor, Maverick rushed past the talking secretary over to him, nearly colliding into him.
“Doc! You gotta help me doc,” Maverick stuttered as he forced his body to tremble, slightly brushing into Lupin. Lupin arched his back and rose his hands in defense, not wanting to touch Maverick, who to the office, appeared to be on drugs. Maverick scratched restlessly at his arm, shaking his head.
“I messed up, doc, you gotta help me,” he continued, looking up at the obviously uncomfortable doctor.
“I’m – sorry, sir. Do I know you?” he asked, turning his head away from Maverick in discomfort.
“They, they said you fix people, doc. I-I-I need fixin’, see. I messed up,” Maverick pleaded, adding a twitch to his neck as he stumbled over his words. Lupin glanced over to the secretary in concern, who responded with a worried shrug and a shake of her head.
“I – err, what it is you messed up, sir?” Maverick lowered his head, and scratched against his chest.
“I-I-I uh, I didn’t – they talked me into it. I didn’t wanna use it, doc. But n-now I think I’m hooked.” Maverick moved a little too close to Lupin, trying to whisper to him. “Hooked on that stuff, you know what I’m sayin’, doc?” Lupin tilted his head back in painful understanding of what he meant and attempted to take a step away from him.
“I’m – I’m sorry, sir. But this isn’t that kind of facility,” said Lupin, trying to reason with him. Maverick shook his head, closing his eyes tightly, and opening them again to look around the lobby.
“No, no – no doc come on, you – I know you fix ‘em. Come on, doc,” Maverick continued, peeking down the hall to see if Saphora had come down to the first floor yet. Seeing that she hadn’t, he kept up his act, moving closer to Lupin, and making sure that he was getting his full attention. 


Back in Lupin’s office, the notes of all Saphora’s sessions were slowly turning to ash. The soft sound of the crackling humming in her ears. She watched, as they burned. She hadn’t bothered to look at the notes before she set them on fire, even though she had wanted to prior to coming up with this plan. The book that Lupin had showed Saphora was still sitting on the desk. Now she stared at that, contemplating taking it with her. But then she thought of the possibility of him getting a hold of it again, and what he had planned for the information in the book. 
She grimaced. Whatever it was, she was sure that it was not going to be in favor of whatever species he was examining. Knowing human capacity for cruelty in the act of gaining knowledge, she doubted that it would be anything but dreadful. In an abrupt decision to spare others like herself, she grabbed the book and dropped it into the flames, contained by the metal drawer surrounding them. She dropped another wad of fire into the flames, and took a step back, hearing the crackles of the flame raise an octave. 
Looking around a bit nervously she waited for the flames to settle slightly before closing the drawer and tugging on it to make sure it was locked. She didn’t take the elevator, but instead chose to take the stairs, which would leave her to the opposite side of the lobby, hopefully out of sight from the commotion that Maverick was causing. Jogging down the steps, she could hear her heartbeat pounding in her ears from the anxiety of not being able to make it out of the building before Lupin returned to his office. Or before the flames died completely. She rushed down the flights of stairs, and stood behind the door to the lobby, not yet opening it. She leaned gently against the door, listening in on what was happening. She flinched at the sudden, and vibrant voice of Maverick.
“I know you can do it! I’ve seen them in here! I-I know you can treat me! Liars! Liars!” Maverick screamed, thrashing against Lupin who was trying to contain him. The secretary had retreated behind her desk and was seconds away from calling security.
“Sir – sir! I’m sorry, but this is not that type of facility! You need to leave,” Lupin urged, trying to push Maverick towards the door.
“C-Come on, doc! I can get clean! I – you gotta help me, doc! Liars!” he continued, looking around the lobby and scratching against his chest.
Saphora couldn’t help but giggle at how dedicated he was to his role, and how determined he was to help Saphora complete her task. She smiled, resting her forehead against the door and shaking her head somewhat. She underestimated this guy. He was proving himself to her each day, and she was genuinely grateful that he had decided to stay in her chaotic life. For even then, doing something as stressful as destroying evidence, she was giggling, having a good time, even if only for a moment. 
Slowly, she pushed the door open. Eventually getting it open enough for her to slip through the side of the doorway, out into the hallway. She tilted her head over to look into the lobby, making eye contact with Maverick during his thrashing. She nodded to him, smiling before turning away and heading towards the back entrance of the building.
“Sir! If you do not leave now, we will be forced to call security!” Lupin urged, putting is hands back up in defense. Maverick shook his head viciously. His work was done. 
“I – I … Okay, man. Okay, doc. I’m sorry, sorry. I’m sorry,” Maverick pleaded, gripping onto Lupin’s jacket. Lupin tensed his body and sighed, looking over at his secretary as he hesitantly put his own hands on Maverick’s arms.
“…Look, maybe you should seek help at a rehabilitation center. I can give you the number to one.” Maverick shook his head, keeping it hung as he made sobbing noises.
“Noooo, man, no. Not the machine. I ain’t going to the machine!” he raged, pushing away from Lupin, and storming out of the lobby, shouting about the machine the entire way out of the building. Lupin stumbled back from the shove and blinked in shock, exhaling a breath of relief. His hands dropped and his shoulders slumped as he turned to the secretary with an arched brow.
“The next time I have a visitor? Tell me who it is first, and what they want,” he advised. The secretary, who was now trembling in her seat, nodded her head immediately, holding back the urge to burst into a whimpering cry. Lupin groaned, running his hand through his short curly brown hair and pushing up his glasses. “I’ve left her up there this whole time,” he groaned, starting his way back to the elevator. “As if she doesn’t already have enough trust issues.”

Saphora laughed, buckling her seatbelt. Maverick snorted as he closed the door to his side and finally burst into laughter alongside her as he leaned back against the seat, his hand finding his stomach.
“Oh man!” he laughed. “Did you get a look of that guy’s face? Last time I saw someone that scared was when my Aunt Sally tried to give my cousin a bath with the hoes,” Maverick laughed. Saphora nodded, trying to catch her breath.
“He deserved a good scare. I bet you’re going to give him nightmares.”
“I hope so. After all this shit he’s been putting you through, he could go a few nights with some nightmares,” Maverick scoffed. Saphora’s laughter died down after a few more moments, before she stopped, and turned to look at him, still smiling.
“You know, even though that was one of the most anxiety-riddled things I’ve done in my life, I can’t think of another time I’ve laughed so much,” she admitted, looking over his features until he turned to meet her gaze. He grinned. “Thank you … For doing this with me. It means a lot.” Maverick’s grin burst into a smile as he shook his head, and waved his hand modestly.
“Nah, don’t worry about it. I was happy to finally help,” he answered, looking forward out of the front window. But Saphora looked on, not even noticing that she was. She stayed silent as she did, too, catching Maverick’s attention once again. Their gaze met once more, and the smile on his face seemed to begin to fade, feeling his body tense as he read her body language. The body language of a woman - alien or not. And naturally, his language changed as well as the atmosphere grew denser between them, almost burning. It was sudden, and it made Maverick’s cheeks flush as Saphora continued to look at him with what seemed like a new pair of eyes. New consideration. But it was all interrupted when Hydra popped her head in between their seats from the back of the car.
“I think it would be best if we left now. The doctor may be looking for Saphora,” she said rather bluntly. Saphora’s eyes widened and she jerked away from Hydra, and Maverick in the process. She almost screamed at the sudden interjection of her voice, and sudden closeness. Her heart ached in her chest as she fought to keep her composure.
“Christ!” whined a started Saphora.

********

	In the calm, fresh smelling room of the hospital, Glover was resting in a bed. Blanket up to his chest, and his arms resting comfortably on his stomach as he stayed in silence, reviewing his own thoughts. The soft beep of the monitor beside him hummed in his ears. The muted television coming down from the ceiling showing scenes from a crime show. He watched with a still face, his breathing calm and his body at ease – while his mind raced. Flashes of a man throwing fire from his hands at his vehicle. Of his car swerving towards the guardrail. Of Saphora, unscathed, pulling him from the car, and protecting him from that man. Glover’s brows pinched together as he sighed, recalling the day clearly. The look of terror on Saphora’s face as the man threw ball after ball at the already flaming car. He grumbled.
She had been telling the truth. 
The sound of the door opening interrupted Glover’s thoughts, making him shift his attention to the curtain that surrounded his bed. It wasn’t long before it was pulled back, revealing Officer Johnson and Roland. Johnson smiled at him, taking her hand off the curtain.
“Hey there, tiger,” she greeted, putting her hands on her hips. “You got pretty banged up, didn’t you?” Glover tried to smile back, nodding his head.
“So it seems,” he answered. “But I’m fine. Just a few fractures.” 
“Just a few fractures he says,” Roland scoffed, shaking his head. “Stop trying to sound so tough,” he chuckled. Glover grinned. But it was gone as quickly as it had arrived, his face suddenly getting more serious.
“Where is Saphora?” he asked. Johnson sighed, crossing her arms. 
“Home, I’m guessing.” Glover shook his head.
“Have you spoken to her?” Johnson shook hers.
“Why’re you worried about her? She left you at the scene.” Glover shook his head again, looking up at the ceiling momentarily.
“The story that she told her doctor. That she tried to tell us?” he began, looking over at Johnson. She half nodded, signaling him to continue.
“Yeah? What about it?” Roland asked.
“She was telling the truth.”
Both Johnson and Roland froze at the statement, hesitating to even look at each other.

********

Sitting at his desk, Lupin sat with his forehead against the palm of his hand. She’d slipped away from him again. When was he going to find the time to examine her properly? He sighed, rubbing his hand against his forehead and burying his fingertips in his hairline. 
It was then that his phone rang. His office phone. Looking up from his current moping position, he cleared his throat and reached for the phone, picking it up on third ring and holding it against his ear.
“Hello, Dr. Lupin’s office. Lupin speaking,” he answered, slightly exhaling.
“Dr. Lupin? This is Officer Johnson. How are you?” Lupin shook his head slightly, raising his brows.
“Well, I’ve been better, Ms. Johnson. What can I do for you?”
“Have you spoken with Saphora lately?”
“Briefly. She was in my office not too long ago.”
“Is she still in the building?” Lupin slid his hand down his face, exhaling.
“No, I’m afraid she cut our session short. Were you wanting to speak with her?” Johnson hummed.
“Yes, but we can talk to you as well. I need you to tell me the story Saphora told you.” Lupin blinked, his brows raising momentarily again.
“Story?”
“The story she told you about what happened to Jones,” Johnson clarified. Lupin’s posture straightened as he sat up in his seat, instantly more alert about where the conversation was headed. 
“What about it?” he asked after some hesitation. 
“We need to … compare it to that of one of our officers.”
“What happened?” Johnson huffed, putting her hand on her hip as she turned slightly to look over at the alert Glover.
“There was an incident on the highway involving Officer Glover, Saphora, and what he describes to be the fire-wielding man known as Tebias.” Lupin’s eyes widened as he pushed away from his desk, stretching the cord of the phone slightly. 
“Tebias …” Lupin’s eyes darted about, almost as if denial, before quickly shifting to that of curiosity. He reached to the side and opened the drawer to his desk, aiming to find his notes. But what he found alarmed him. All of his binders, notepads, and stationary that he had gathered over the years of Saphora’s case, were now sitting in a minuscule mound of ash. He started at the inside of the drawer in disbelief, his mouth agape. His eyes raised to look forward, as his brain scrambled for some sort of explanation. Coming up, with only one, he stood up, gripping the phone as the cord stretched.
“Is there somewhere we can meet?”






	“So what happened to your car?” Jared asked, cleaning out a mug and leaning on the counter behind the register. Maverick shook his head, closing the register and handing the woman her change. She smiled to him and he returned the gesture, before turning around to face Jared as she walked away.
“I had to uh, get some work done on it. I got into a little accident on the highway,” Maverick said, crossing his arms.
“Aw, man. Not the Camaro. Not Black Beauty. Is she doing alright?” 
“Yeah, she should be out of the shop in a few days. It wasn’t anything too serious,” Maverick chuckled.
“Oh thank god. And speaking of highways! Did you hear about the massive accident that happened? A car blew up and everything. Like in the movies,” Jared said, coming closer to Maverick, and leaning beside him on the register’s counter. Maverick’s body grew a little stiff as he averted his eyes.
“Oh yeah? What caused it?”
“I don’t even know. I haven’t had time to watch the news about it. I just heard my sister talking about it this morning. Pretty wicked. I think she said there was some like, fire that came out of nowhere – whatever that means.”
“Random fire, huh? Maybe a gasoline truck exploded?”
“I don’t know, but that whole road is messed up. It’s probably not going to be open for like, the next week.” Maverick sighed, letting go of any chance he had to get his car back within the week.
“Yeah, most likely.” Jared nodded, pausing in the conversation before changing it entirely.
“So,” he sighed, looking over at Maverick. Maverick raised his head to give Jared his attention, noticing the change in his voice. Seeing the wide grin on his face, he groaned, knowing exactly where the conversation was going.
“Drop it, Jared.”
“Like hell I will. And you’ve got some nerve, man. This is the first girl you’ve looked twice at in the past two years and you’re keeping her a secret? Not cool, man,” Jared complained, shaking his head. Maverick rolled his eyes.
“Well maybe if you weren’t so critical of her I might talk about her a little more,” countered Maverick. Jared raised his hands in surrender and lowered his head.
“Okay, okay. I will not bad-mouth the girl. So please.” Maverick sighed, shifting the weight on his leg to the other and tapping his foot slightly.
“What do you want to know?”
“Let’s start with why you like her.” 
“She’s different.”
“Different how?”
“She just is. She looks at things differently. Experiences them differently. And everything she says is genuine.”
“Genuine, huh.”
“Yeah.” Jared shook his head.
“Is she the one?” Maverick rolled his eyes and dropped his arms.
“Come on, man. It’s been like a week.”
“Well! You seem to be head over heels already. Leaving work to talk to her. Ignoring my calls. Ditching game nights,” Jared pointed out, theatrically counting them on his hand. Maverick shook his head.
“I just … I really like her. I don’t know.”
“You guys bang yet?”
“Dude!”
“What!” Jared laughed, shrugging his shoulders innocently. “It was an innocent question, I swear.”
“No, we have not banged, yet,” Maverick groaned. Before Jared could respond, Liz came out of the kitchen.
“Good. That means there’s still a chance,” she chimed, coming behind the counter area with the boys. Jared’s brows shot up as he heard Liz’s voice from behind him. He made an expression that read ‘shit’, and averted his eyes to the right. Maverick scoffed, looking at Liz, unmoved by her flirtatious tone.
“For you? I’m afraid not,” he responded with sudden bluntness. Taken aback, Liz frowned with the rather forward rejection. She crossed her arms, jerking her neck to move her hair from her face.
“You’re forgetting that you owe me a favor for closing by myself,” she warned. Jared looked from her to Maverick, knowing better than to interrupt the conversation.
“I’m going to fix that. The next time we close together, you can leave. And I’ll do it by myself, so we can be even. Aright? How about that?” Maverick said matter-of-factly, quickly dismissing the problem before it could escalate. Liz frowned, as Jared fought to contain his laughter. Liz scowled at Jared, smacking his arm with the back of her hand and making him jump slightly with a smile.
“Whatever. I’m sure you’re horrible anyway,” she countered, turning away and going back into the kitchen to retreat. Jared snickered as Maverick’s brows pinched together.
“Horrible?” 
Jared chuckled, shaking his head.
“Don’t even worry about it, dude. You did good. You did good,” he laughed, patting and gripping Maverick’s shoulder.





	“Now, when I attempt to strike you, I want you to push my wrist away, and blow fire at me with your other hand,” Hydra instructed, easing her stance into a more battle-ready one. Saphora shook her head slightly, her stance similar to Hydra’s as they stood in the middle of Maverick’s living room. They had pushed Maverick’s furniture out to add to the space they had.
“I don’t know if I can do that so quickly … And even if I could, I don’t want to hurt you – or Maverick’s apartment,” Saphora argued warily. Hydra reassured her.
“You won’t. I’m covering myself in a layer of water. It will absorb the fire that makes contact. I’ll put out anything that misses.”
“I still don’t know if I’ll be able to do it,” she said, glancing down at her hands.
“That is why we’re practicing. I’m not expecting you to get it right the first time. Come. Are you ready?” Hydra stepped forward. Saphora sighed, raising her hands and swallowing the lump in her throat. 
“Whatever that means,” she said, steadying herself. And without any warning, Hydra came at Saphora, swinging her right fist towards her face. With hesitance and shock halting her before she thought to raise her arm in defense, she was too late by the time Hydra’s knuckles stopped about a centimeter away from her left eye. Her eyes were wide, staring straight at Hydra, who was looking back with somewhat of a frown. A few seconds passed before she lowered her hand and took two steps back.
“Again,” she said, putting her right foot forward. Saphora sighed, feeling her heartbeat come back with a thump.
“What if I hurt you?” she asked worriedly. 
“You won’t,” she reassured, taking a step forward. But Saphora took a step back. Hydra frowned. “You need to learn. You must attack as if you believe I am trying to hurt you.”
“But I can’t.” Hydra paused, before making a necessary decision. 
“Very well,” she said, spinning as she stepped forward towards Saphora with a quick pace. Saphora blinked repeatedly, taking a step back off guard. But the spinning continued, until Hydra’s left palm made contact with Saphora’s jaw, knocking her back and to the ground with a thud. Saphora curled up on the floor slightly, as she went to lift herself up in shock. She looked up at Hydra with wide eyes, one of her hands going to delicately hold her stinging chin.
“You … You hit me,” she breathed.
“Get up,” Hydra instructed. Saphora scoffed and stood up, keeping her eyes on the slightly swaying Hydra. She didn’t actually know which one of them was swaying.
“Hydra-“
“Again.”
“This is ridiculous. I’m not-“ Before Saphora could finish her sentence, another blow was delivered – this time, just below her ribcage. The breath was knocked from Saphora as she stumbled back and doubled over in pain. She hissed and groaned as air returned to her lungs a little slower than she would have liked. She grit her teeth, blinking hard. It wasn’t long before her eyes began shifting colour as she blinked – being brought on by pain and anger. A known stimulant for Saphora’s power. She looked up at Hydra, who backed away again.
“Again,” Hydra demanded. Saphora slowly corrected her posture, her hand still against her ribs. “Defend yourself as your life depended on it. Attack with power blinded by rage. Again!” she shouted, coming at Saphora once more. Her right fist aimed for the side of Saphora’s skull. But this time, Saphora reacted. Her wrist came up to deflect the blow as instructed, and her other hand pushed forward, her open palm thrusting itself into crease of Hydra’s ribcage, knocking her back. 
But Hydra didn’t stop at being pushed away. She spun on her heel and went to send a kick towards Saphora’s shoulder. With wide eyes, Saphora ducked, coming back up when the leg had made its way around. But when Saphora stood back up, she was greeted with a blow to the crease of her neck by Hydra’s vertical hand. Saphora cried out in pain as she stumbled back, gripping the area. An involuntarily slash of wind whipped off of her body, and Hydra paused her attacks. 
“Do you expect to make a difference on our planet like this?” Hydra jabbed. Saphora’s eyes narrowed as they found Hydra’s. Taking a jab at losing her home was a bit of a push, but one that was needed to get Saphora motivated in putting forth some effort in combat practice. She stood straight again, shaking her head.
“Don’t,” Saphora warned. 
“Then show me you can handle going home. Again!” she said, going at Saphora again. Saphora countered most all of Hydra’s moves, taking some hits and giving some in return. What fire she did manage to spawn from her hands was small, but Hydra was happy to take the progress. 
Saphora continuously shocked herself during the spar. Never in her life had she so much as taken a self-defense class, and yet she was able to see and manage some way of blocking or avoiding most of the attacks. She didn’t know if was because she had been taught early on in her childhood, or if she was just getting lucky. 

About 15 minute into their sparing, the door to Maverick's apartment was unlocked, followed by his entrance. But his appearance caught Saphora off guard, having interrupted her concentration. Her hand shot towards Maverick before either of them could realize, and unleashed a fireball. Maverick dropped his keys as Saphora’s eyes widened. A gasp left her lips as the glow in her eyes immediately dissipated, and the fireball stopped in midair. Saphora’s palm had widened, as if to stop the ball. And as it turned out, she had. Hydra had spun around, ready to put out the fire, but stumbled to a halt upon seeing the fire floating in the middle of the room, closer to Maverick. Maverick looked on with wide eyes and a held breath, as the fire hovered just over a foot away from him. He swallowed, looking up at Saphora.
“Did … Did I do something wrong?” Saphora was speechless as she strained to keep the ball where it was, worried about it hitting Maverick. Hydra slowly walked up to the ball, circling it as she observed the consistency. Finally, she smiled, looking back to Saphora.
“Now we’re getting somewhere.”

Chapter 12


	“You’ll be fine,” Maverick cooed, resting his hand on Saphora’s back. She shook her head warily as she stared at the book in Hydra’s hand. They were trying to coax her into doing another memory session – this time with the aid of the book. But she was still a bit shaken up from the previous session. Not being able to stop the flow of memories, though she would want them in due time, was drifting her away from the idea. It was overwhelming for her, to have everything flood back to her memory. And although there was not much left to remember, aside from Arol, she was still wary about going back under.
“What if she can’t stop them?” Saphora asked, her eyes focused on the turning pages of the book.
“Then I will,” reassured Maverick, leaning forward until Saphora moved her gaze to his eyes. Immediately, she felt some level of reassurance. But she wondered if it was enough. If Maverick could be lucky enough to be able to do it again. “Come on. You’ve gotten way too far to deny yourself your memory.” Saphora grit her teeth, nodding slightly and exhaling through her nose. He was right. She nodded more firmly, looking at him.
“Don’t go anywhere, okay?” she pleaded to him in a soft voice, almost with embarrassment. Maverick nodded, grinning.
“I’ll be sitting right here.”



	

“Hello?” Fran answered on the second ring of her cellphone. 
“Hi, Fran. It’s Dr. Lupin. How are you?”
“Oh, doctor. I’m fine, thank you. Just preparing for this exhibit, haha. How are you?”
“Well, I’m a little concerned, to be honest, Fran,” he answered, looking up at Officer Johnson, who was in front of him, leaning back on the desk in her office. They had been speaking about Saphora. Fran grew silent, for a moment.
“About what, doctor?”
“About Saphora.”
“Saphora? Didn’t she come to your session this morning?” Fran asked with concern.
“Yes … But she cut it short. I had left the office to handle a visitor that had shown up in the lobby, and when I returned she was gone.”
“Gone? Gone where?”
“Well I don’t know. But there’s something more discerning than the fact that she left.”
“Like?”
“Well … Although I don’t have any proof to hold her to it, I believe she burned all of her notes. There’s nothing left of her files but ashes, I’m afraid.”
“What? Saphora would never-“
“Well, Fran. She had the motive. You were with us the other day during our conversation. She wanted her files. Who’s to say that she wasn’t willing to destroy them if she couldn’t have them?” Lupin proposed. Fran shook her head in silence.
“N-No, doctor. She wouldn’t do that,” Fran argued, tired of just throwing Saphora’s morals to the wayside. Lupin sighed, pushing up his glasses.
“But what if she did, Fran? She was the only one that was in my office from the time I left, to the time I returned. The security cameras can vouch for that.”
“Can they vouch for her setting the files on fire?” Lupin hesitated.
“Fran, I know you’re concerned for Saphora. And another situation like this does not put her in favor of the law. But I need you to listen to me.” Lupin paused, looking up at Johnson. She nodded. “You may want to consider sending Saphora to a mental institution for evaluation.”
Fran’s mouth dropped at the suggestion. She even moved away from her phone so she could look at it in disbelief. A mental institution? Surely he had to be exaggerating. Saphora could not be that far over the psychiatric edge.
“Institution?” Fran choked, bringing the phone back to her ear. “Doctor, surely you must be joking.” 
“I’m not, Fran. I need you to consider this carefully and-“
“No, doctor. I’m not sending my child to a mental institution when there’s nothing wrong with her. And if you didn’t treat her like you have been, maybe she wouldn’t be so hostile towards you,” Fran spat. Lupin paused on the other end of the phone for a moment before speaking again.
“Well, Fran. If you feel the need to change your mind before the state does, give me a call,” he offered. “Enjoy the rest of your day.”

	Lupin hung up the phone with a sigh, placing the phone back into his pocket as he looked up at Johnson, who had her arms crossed.
“Well?” she asked. Lupin shook his head.
“She doesn’t want to put her in an institution,” Lupin said, resting his elbows on his knees and folding his hands.
“I thought she would listen to you,” Johnson argued. Lupin shrugged.
“I suppose there is only so much one will go through before a motherly defense kicks in,” he said with a chuckle. Johnson grumbled.
“We need that time to stall, Lupin,” Johnson reminded him. Lupin nodded, dismissing the concern. 
“Oh, I’m sure that Saphora will convince Fran on her own that she needs to be admitted. It’s only a matter of time,” Lupin reassured. 
“How much time?”
“I give it a few days. If anything, if it takes too long, we can take it upon ourselves to declare her unsuitable for society. Whether Fran likes it or not.”
“If it’s true … If it’s not just some mutation in her genes. Do you think she’ll come quietly when we go to take her?” Johnson asked.
“Drug her before taking her.” 
Johnson sighed, looking off to the side, shaking her head.
“I can’t believe this is happening under my watch. An alien? Aliens? This has got to be some sort of joke. Maybe the results came back wrong. Maybe Glover is just in trauma,” Johnson said, trying to reason with herself. Lupin shook her head.
“Science doesn’t lie, Officer. We have to turn it in.”
“But what about Fran? I mean, just ripping her away from her like that? She raised that girl. How is she going to react when we take her?” Lupin shrugged.
“She may not be as surprised as you think.” Johnson’s brows furrowed as she studied the knowing look on Lupin’s face.
“What, you think she knows?”
“I mean, let’s be realistic. Raising her from however young she was. Surely she had to know something was different about her. Her features for one thing.”
“But why wouldn’t she tell anyone?”
“Well, I don’t think she knows she may be an alien, per say. But even giving up small information about Saphora. She was, and is, for all intents and purposes, her mother. No mother is going to risk losing her child,” Lupin explained. Johnson sighed, crossing her arms again.
“And what about the second set of prints we found? They’re wacky too. Is there really a Tebias?” Lupin nodded.
“Why did you tell us her story was false? That she was mentally unstable?” Lupin pushed up his glasses. 
“I was protecting my client. And I didn’t know at the time if my assumptions were correct. I had wanted to get skin test done of her back, but wasn’t able to. But now that you have gotten results, I don’t need to. I know I’m right.”
“So what now?”
“The government takes her, interrogates her. Find out if she’s a threat to the planet. They may even attempt to visit hers.”
“And what happens if they do?” Lupin smiled.
“Then we could be the first to visit another planet with life,” he said, standing up from his seat. “This could be the single greatest accomplishment of our time.”

	



“She seems to be doing well this time,” Hydra noted, looking at Saphora from the kitchen. Maverick nodded, still seated on the sofa. He had been watching her the entire time, making sure that she was okay. She had fallen back against the sofa, eyes half shut and body limp, breathing slowly. 
“So what happens when she remembers everything? You take her home?” Hydra paused, giving a nod after a moment.
“Ideally …” she answered. “She has to return at some point. And it has to be soon,” she answered truthfully. 
Maverick nodded, gripping his knees a little tighter. He knew there was something between them. Something that he believed would turn into something amazing. But leaving Earth … To live the rest of his life on a planet unknown to him. His mind was being fickle. One moment he was determined to go, the next he was wondering if he would even be able to breathe on the planet. 
Maverick’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Saphora’s phone ringing. Hydra flinched slightly at the sudden melody and turned to face it on the kitchen’s island counter.
“Someone’s communicator,” she pointed out, watching the screen light up and listening to the sounds of electric guitar. Her brows furrowed. “What an odd sound.” Maverick tilted his head upwards, standing up.
“What does it say?” Hydra scoffed, picking up the phone.
“I cannot read this, mortal,” she said, tossing it to him. Maverick fumbled to catch the phone, not wanting it to land on Saphora and disturb her. Looking down at the phone’s screen, he saw that is was Fran, and an instant wave of nerves washed over him.
“Oh god, it’s her mom,” he breathed.
“Impossible,” exclaimed Hydra, standing up from the stool and looking in his direction. Maverick quickly shook his head, going to clarify.
“No, not … her mother. The woman that raised her here. Fran.”
“Oh. Why do you not answer it?”
“Well … She doesn’t exactly know who I am.”
“And what if she is delivering important information?” Hydra asked, extending her open palm. “Give it here. I will answer it.” Maverick looked up at her, deciding that that would have been worse, and answered the phone.
“… Hello?” 
Immediately recognizing a significantly deeper voice, Fran went into questioning.
“Who is this?”
“Uh, this is a friend of Saphora’s.”
“Friend? Are you that boy that drove her home?” 
“Yeah…”
“Who are you?” she asked with a more motherly tone.
“Err, my name is Maverick, ma’am.”
“Where’s Saphora?”
“She’s uh, she’s sleeping right now,” he answered, looking back at her limp body. Fran’s voice went up an octave. 
“Sleeping? Why is she sleeping there with you? Were you two sleeping together?” she asked, almost short of breath. “Put Saphora on the phone!”
“Oh! No, no ma’am we weren’t sleeping together! I … She was just tired, ma’am. I don’t want to wake her up … Can I give her a message?”
“You tell that girl to get home as soon as she opens her eyes!” she snapped, hanging up the phone. Maverick cringed at the tone of her voice, inching away from the phone. He sighed, lowering the phone from his face, and looking up at Hydra with a grimace.
“What did she say?” she asked. 
“It’s time for her to go home.”






	Tuesday afternoon, Saphora was meditating on her bed. Swiveling items around her room, including fireballs. She had spent the morning with Maverick and Hydra doing training, but she figured that with the message that Fran left Maverick, she thought it would be a good idea to be home when she came home from work. Seeing as though she didn’t return home until late yesterday evening, she thought angering her further by not being home would not be a good idea. So she took training upon herself. She had gotten a little better with hand to hand – or close to it, and decided to just practice her control of the elements.  
The session had gone well. She was able to remember Artemis, and her relationship with her mother. She knew now, based on her memory of her, that she was probably the one letting her know that Saphora was in danger, or was going to be. It warmed her heart to know that they were stilling looking after her, even when she had thought she had been abandoned. 
It wasn’t long before Fran arrived home, even a little earlier than Saphora had expected. She worked to move everything back to its place before getting up, wanting to go greet her, and start the session of apologies. She walked to the doorway of her bedroom and listening to the door close behind Fran.
“Saphora?” she called out. Saphora gave a silent nod.
“I’m here,” she said, moving towards the staircase. Fran looked up the stairs at Saphora as she struggled to take off her jacket. Without Fran knowing it, Saphora helped her with the heavy jacket, gently helping her slide it off of her shoulders. Fran hung it up on the rack beside the door and huffed, moving into the house.
“Good. Come down here,” she ordered, going into the kitchen. Saphora’s bottom lip stiffened at the tone in her voice, as a child would to the scolding tone of their parent. She made her way down the steps, and slowly into the kitchen. Fran was taking out two glasses, aiming to fill them up. One with water, one with red wine. Turning around as Saphora walked into the kitchen, she walked over to the table in front of her and set the glass of water down towards Saphora.
“Sit,” she said, taking a seat in the chair to the left of her. Saphora looked down, doing as told and sitting in front of the glass. Fran sighed, taking a sip of the wine and pushing her hairline back. There was a silence that lingered in the room before she spoke, which made Saphora’s heart work to keep a steady pace. 
“So, his name is Maverick.” Saphora looked up at the mentioning of Maverick’s name, and then quickly averted her eyes, noticing that she had. She nodded in silence. “And you were … sleeping at his house?” Saphora hesitated to answer. “Is that where you’ve been going when you leave home? When I can’t find you?” Saphora looked down, not wanting to give away her hiding place. “What have you been doing with this-“
“Nothing, Fran. I was just-“
“Why don’t you call me mom?” she asked suddenly, gripping the bottom of the wineglass.  Saphora stopped, her eyes in the beginning stages of shock as she looked up at her, seeing the distress in her eyes. 
“What?”
“I’ve taken care of you since you were a little girl. Given you everything you need, anything I could do to help you. And now you keep running away from me. Why won’t you call me mom?” Saphora’s mouth hung open, completely unprepared for such a conversation. One that did not have a simple answer. She shook her head somewhat, averting her eyes.
“Do you hate me that much?” Fran asked with a sorrowful smile as she leaned her forehead against her hand. Saphora frowned.
“No, Fran, no, I-“
“Is it because I didn’t defend you when they called you crazy?” she suddenly brought up, making Saphora tense, her eyes going dark. Fran shook her head. “I didn’t mean not to,” she tried to reassure.
“Fran …”
“I swear, I didn’t.”
“Fran, give me the glass,” Saphora said softly. Fran scoffed, taking another sip.
“I’ve had one – two sips. I’m fine. Answer my question.”
“People call their mother’s by their name all the time …”
“Not at the age of eight.”
“I’m different. I’ve always been different, Fran. I don’t call you Fran out of spite.”
“Who is that boy?” she asked, with a slight shake of her head. 
“I told you. He’s my friend.”
“Your boyfriend?”
“No, Fran he’s just – And what if he was? What would you say to that?” Fran shook her head, lowering it slightly. “I’m a grown woman, Fran. I think I can choose who I would like a relationship with, if I was with him.” Fran was silent, deciding to drop that topic as well.
“Why did you leave Dr. Lupin’s office yesterday?” Saphora’s reaction was subtle. She assumed that Lupin would end up calling her and telling her what happened. It was his job, after all. But she wondered what else he had told her. And in how much detail.
“He called you?” she mumbled.
“Of course he called me. Did you think he wouldn’t? Saphora, do you realize how you appear to be acting to someone like him?” she asked, leaning forward with genuine concern. Saphora looked to the side, reaching her hands forward to grip the cold glass of water.
“Why? What did he tell you about me? That I’m crazy? Tell me something I don’t know.” Fran hesitated, taking another sip of her wine and sighing.
“Dr. Lupin spoke to me yesterday.” Saphora looked up at her, her heart pounding.
“About what?”
“He suggested putting you in a mental facility.” The room grew quiet, as Saphora’s mood took a turn for the worst. The audacity of that man. She scowled, looking around the room in astonishment. She found herself speechless for several moments, before her brain could even begin to take the task of forming a non-threatening sentence. She took a deep breath, and gripped the glass in front of her. 
“What did you say?” she asked, as calmly as her constricting throat would allow. Fran shook her head.
“I refused,” she said flatly. “I’ve heard enough from that man. Enough is enough.” Saphora’s brows rose, as she looked up at Fran with genuine surprise. She was ready to shatter the glass in her hand, along with every other fragile item in the kitchen, had Fran told her she was sending her to a mental institution. 
“You did?”
“Of course I did. No one is taking my baby away from me. He’s done enough,” she argued, taking another sip of wine. The corners of Saphora’s lips curved upwards in the beginning of a smile. “I mean really. Accusing you of destroying your own files. He’s got some nerve,” Fran continued. Saphora’s smile faded as quickly as it had arrived. So he had told her. She frowned. It bothered her to know that the one time Fran may have actually had the right to be upset with her, she wasn’t. It made her feel dirty, knowing that this time she had actually done something wrong. Fran looked up at Saphora, and she quickly remembered to give a reaction.
“My files are gone?” she asked, with a tone of surprise. 
“Yes, and I have the right mind to think that he destroyed them himself, just to say something absurd like that. That man in starting to disgust me.”
“Why would he do something like that?”
“I don’t know, but he is working on my last nerve. It’s one thing after another with him,” she spat, shaking her head. For once, she was putting the blame on Lupin, instead of Saphora. And even thought this time Saphora was to blame, she was letting Fran rant. Once she had wine in her, there was no stopping her anyway. She must have been really stressed. She only drank when she was stressed. 
“Let’s talk about something else … Are you ready for the dragon? Is it still coming tomorrow?” Fran exhaled through her nose, combining it with a giggle as she nodded. 
“Yes! It’s finally here. It’s being unloaded tonight, Brad told me.”
“Oh, you didn’t want to take the night shift to help?” Fran grinned and waved her hand dismissively.
“Nah. Let them do the work. I have no problem being surprised in the morning.” Saphora chuckled. “You’re coming with me, right?” Saphora nodded.
“Of course. I wouldn’t miss this for the wo-“ Saphora was cut off by the sound of her phone ringing in her pocket. She looked down at her pocket, then back up at Fran. She rose her eyebrows.
“Who’s that? Your boyfriend?” Saphora grimaced, taking the phone out of her pocket and going into the living room to answer it.
“Hang on,” she told Fran. Fran nodded, raising her glass to her lips again.
“Hello?” Saphora answered in a low voice once entering the far end of the living room.
“Saphora. Saphora?” came the voice of Hydra. Saphora blinked, looking at her phone, before putting it back against her ear in slight confusion. 
“Hydra?” 
“Saphora,” she said with a tone of urgency. Saphora’s heart immediately skipped a beat. Why was she on Maverick’s phone? Where was Maverick? The tone in her voice didn’t lead her mind to happy thoughts.
“Where’s Maverick?” she asked, her voice already near trembling. 
“Right here.” Saphora exhaled, leaning forward slightly and pushing against the wall.
“What is it, then?”
“Arol. I sense him. He is here.” Saphora’s brows furrowed, as her head tilted back in slight confusion.
“Arol?”
“Your guardian. I can sense his presence in this village. Artemis said that he was being put on some sort of display.” Saphora started to shake her head when it all clicked. Her eyes widened as she almost dropped her cellphone. She spun around to stare in the kitchen’s direction, her mouth agape. How could she had been so stupid? She had known where Arol was, and when he was coming the entire time. The dragon at the zoo. How else were they going to have a dragon?
“The zoo …” she breathed.
“Zoo? What is a zoo?” Hydra asked. Maverick could be heard chuckling in the background.
“Oh no way,” he laughed.
“What is a zoo?” Hydra asked again, turning to face Maverick.
“Have Maverick explain. Be there tomorrow,” Saphora instructed before hanging up the phone and going back into the kitchen.
“Be where? What is it? Saphora?” Hydra looked down at the now dim phone and scoffed. “She ended the transmission!” Maverick chuckled, reaching into his bag of chips with a grin as he nodded.
“Yeah. Around here we call that getting hung up on.” He tilted his back, dropping the handful of chips in his mouth as he smiled, shaking his head. “I can’t believe we’re getting a dragon.”


	Saphora huffed as she sat back down in the chair at the kitchen table. Fran had already finished her glass, and had gotten up to pour herself another one. Saphora watched, tilting her neck to the side.
“Another one?”
“Mhm,” Fran hummed. Saphora frowned. She would ask her what was wrong, but she knew better than to question the obvious. Especially to a drunk Fran. So she let her have her second glass of wine. And her third, as she tried to ask her more questions about the dragon – about Arol.
But with Fran a glass away from falling asleep on the table, she was hardly any help in answering any of Saphora’s questions. And if she were able to, she would have snuck out to the zoo to see Arol. But with Fran drunk, she felt obligated to stay home and take care of her while she was indisposed. She always had. She made sure she went the whole night safe and sound. Even though Fran just usually crashed in a heap on her bed for the entire night, Saphora liked to make sure herself. And that usually meant not getting much sleep. 
But at least this time when Fran’s head fell to the kitchen table, she was able to move her to her bed without much effort. Using her nearly mastered concentration, Saphora was able to move Fran to her room without disturbing her. It was the easiest drunken night Saphora had ever had with Fran. But it was one of the most restless nights she’d ever had with herself. 



	Trying for the fourth time to tie the laces of her boots with shaky hands, she gave up, groaning and leaning back to tie them with her mind. She held her hands up to her face as she did that, trying to steady their restless behavior, along with the rest of her body. She shook her head, closing her eyes momentarily as her laces tightened on her boots. 
Fran could be heard walking through the hallway upstairs. She stopped when she reached Saphora’s room. Saphora’s eyes opened when she noticed and peered up at Fran, who was dressed and ready in her employee uniform. She leaned against Saphora’s doorway as she spoke.
“You ready, honey?” she asked, tilting her head to the side. Saphora nodded lazily, grunting as she pushed herself up and off of her bed, stretching her back. Fran shifted the weight on her legs as she watched Saphora move with such a lack of energy, not being able to help feeling somewhat responsible. “I’m sorry for getting drunk last night, sweetheart.” Saphora shook her head, dismissing the apology as she walked up to Fran.
“You were stressed. It’s fine,” Saphora assured, shaking her head and putting her hand on Fran’s shoulder.
“You look so tired … Do you want to stay home for a little bit? And maybe come later?” Fran generously offered. Saphora scoffed, shaking her head weakly as she walked past her into the hallway.
“I wish I could.” She really did. She didn’t know what to think about meeting her guardian for the second time. Only it was really like the first. She was scared, nervous, excited, worried, and curious, all at the same. 




	“Fran!” Brad yelled from inside the check-in office of the zoo. Fran smiled as she opened her arms to her coworker, openly accepting the embrace that he offered her. “Are you ready to see this thing?!” he said with more excitement than his face was able to express. He made up for that with his exaggerated movements, though. Fran laughed and nodded, smiling.
“I’m so ready I can’t stand it! So is Saphora,” she responded, gesturing to her. Saphora gave a small smile and a wave of her hand to Brad when their eyes met, and Bran smiled, going over to her. He wrapped his arms around her as well and squeezed.
“Hey, Saphora! Long time no see. Fran been telling you about this beast that just came in?” he asked, pulling away from the one-sided hug. Saphora nodded, an involuntary giggle leaving her. It was hard to have any type of sour mood around Brad. He was just so damn happy.
“Yeah, nonstop.”
The hustle and bustle of a passing news crew distracted the conversation as an African American reporter holding a microphone walked briskly through the area, followed by a camera crew. Brad turned around, as did Saphora and Fran, to watch the passing news team.
“We are here at local Clemming Zoo, where rumor has it that a live dragon has been put on display. It’s said to be man’s greatest discovery since the dinosaurs. We’re headed there now to take a look at the creature,” she said as she rushed in the direction of the exhibit. 
There was a brief silence between them before Fran squealed with excitement.
“Ohh, channel 17 is here! Come on, guys!” Fran said, rushing past Brad and pulling Saphora along. They followed her without a fuss to get the exhibit in time to beat the crowds. But to their surprise, there was already one forming when they reached the enclosure. 
“Oh man. There’s already so many people here,” Brad said with enthusiasm as they stopped just behind the growing crowd.
“I think I see a wing!” Fran shouted with glee. Saphora craned her neck with wide eyes as she worked to stay on the tips of her toes. There was indeed a wing being stretched upwards. A white wing. Saphora’s heart pushed against her lungs in its excitement and she immediately began pushing past the people to get a better look at the creature – at her guardian. 
“Saphora!” Fran called out after her, going to follow behind her, as did Brad. But the sound of her voice was easily drowned out by the sound of the screaming and cheering crowd, as well as the noise coming from the enclosure. Saphora continued to push forward, an instinctive drive telling her to get closer to him. And when she was finally able to push through the dense crowd of people, her body stopped. Just on the perimeter of the crowd, where the security guards were making sure the people stayed a certain distance away from the glass so not to startle the uneasy beast. 
Saphora blinked as she looked over at the actual dragon that was trapped behind the glass of the brand new exhibit. Her eyes widened, and her body froze. Time seemed to stand still. The bright blue eyes of the beast locked with hers, and an immediate connection took place. The beast breathed against the glass, as his focus seemed to narrow in on Saphora as his large pupils dilated. Saphora felt her feet slide forward towards the creature behind the glass, as they made moves to step forward. Her breathing picked up as she watched her vision fade in from the edges into a grimy black. 
There was a small lapse in time after her vision left her. And then, as if on cue, her vision was slowly returned to her. Only it wasn’t the vision of her at the zoo. But rather something completely other worldly. She was standing in the mists of a field, staring at what looked like the courtyard of a massive castle. And that’s because it was. She was standing in the middle of her childhood. She looked forward, staring at this little girl in the center of the field. She was kneeling down on the grass, playing with a doll that had been made with care. A tall woman was standing behind her. A woman with pale sage hair, which was tied into a long braid. Long enough to reach the beginnings of her hips. She wore a long, white gown, which curled into the prickling of the long blades of lush green grass. The little girl, with hair that matched Saphora’s, was dressed in a more subtle version of the woman’s gown. Her curling mint hair was braided back into a bun atop her head. She laughed and giggled as she conversed with the doll in her arms, creating a voice for the doll to speak back in. The woman watched with joyful eyes as she watched the child enjoy her carefree nature.
Seeing the sage hair of the woman, Saphora’s chest heaved as she recognized her mother. She bit her lip, taking a step forward but remembering what was happening. She needed to see what was going to happen.
The woman’s carefree nature was about to be interrupted. There was a rumbling in the distance that immediately caught the attention of the watchful woman. A small breeze to everyone else, was, to her, the call of what was about to come. She felt it in the change of the wind. In the slight vibration in the ground. Arol. The woman’s heart rate picked up as her eyes darted about. Panic set in her chest as she looked up at a specific window in the castle. Her love’s eyes were looking back at hers. He had felt it as well. And was also wondering what could be done in the small amount of time that it would take Arol to arrive at the courtyard. The woman fell to her knees, wrapping her long arms around the unaware child. She looked up the familiar eyes in question, wondering why she was suddenly being captured in her protective arms. 
“Guards!” the woman screamed, tucking her child’s head against her chest. She looked around for the responses she was looking for. But when none came in a timely fashion she shouted again – her nerves on edge. “Guards!” Her breathing ragged as the guards came rushing into the courtyard. She stood up with her child in her arms, just as a shadow seemed to engulf the area. Sounds of dismay and shock escaped the gruff mouths of the guards. And their rushed jogs diminished into hesitant trots. Their weapons shook in their tensed hands, and their armor clanged in the unsure actions. 
An ear-shattering screech erupted in the skies, startling everyone but the little girl, who was giggling and squealing at what she saw above her. There, covering the sun that was once shining on an enjoyable afternoon, was Arol. One of the most feared creatures of the entire planet they had come to know. With skin that was a complete absence of colour, glowing in its whiteness, and eyes that mocked the blue skies he dominated, he was one of the most elegant, yet damned, and ruthless creatures to be identified. 
Despite the rumors of his violent and unforgiving nature, Arol landed with grace before the queen and her squealing little girl. Saphora, who was looking in on herself, was taken aback by his arrival. And fearful for the people that were on the courtyard. And at the same time, she seemed to be rather foreseeing about the situation. And that was only natural. After all, it was her memory she was stepping in on. She walked forward towards the group of people as the beast’s wings tucked into his back and his neck lowered as if to pay some sort of respect to the queen. Her eyes narrowed as she turned her body, and therefore the child away from Arol, causing his eyes to narrow as well. Arol’s limbs rested against the ground, and he appeared, for the first time before the kingdom, in a docile state. He stared with loyalty, and sat with a body language that suggested surrender. And even though the queen noticed this, she was still skeptical of him, as she very well should be. 
“Be gone, you horrid creature. You will not claim another life today,” she practically hissed at the beast, who groaned in response. 
The little girl giggled and reached her arms out towards him, dropping the doll in the process. The woman looked down at her daughter in wonder and bewilderment. She had never been introduced to this monster, nor any other, and therefore had not learned to be fearful of it. The queen was cautious not to let her daughter free of her grasp. It could have very well been the end of her little girl’s life. Arol’s neck lowered a bit more, as he ever so slowly inclined his neck to reach out to the little girl, his head tilting in the process. But the queen took several steps back the moment she noticed, seemingly jogging backwards in her haste. When Arol stopped, she did as well, and ended up being closer to the guards that now surrounded the courtyard. 
“I said be gone!” she said once more, glaring at the beast. The little girl whined when her mother brought her away from the creature she was so curious about. And Arol whined in response, lowering his own head to reflect the emotion of the little girl. The woman looked on with wonder, her gaze switching from him to her child several times as her mind worked to make sense of what was happening. Every time the kingdom had come up against Arol, he was vicious. And unruly in his desire to claim as many lives as he saw fit. But here he was uneasy – pleading almost. But what for? What could he want so desperately that he was willing to sustain his fetish for bloodshed? One of the guards walked up behind the queen, speaking to her in a low voice. 
“M’lady … What would you have us do?” he asked, making damned sure to keep a close eye on the beast. The queen turned to look at him, actually at a loss for an answer. She looked up to her love, who was still watching from the window, still and observant. 
“M’lady?” he asked again, now giving her a glance.
“Dolphus, what should we do?” she called out to him, tightening her grip on her wiggling child with some frustration. Arol was patient during the process, not wanting to make any more unwanted moves. The king looked over to his wife, deep in thought. He knew that what he was about to say would not be received well by his wife.
“Release her,” he said, loud enough to be heard.
“What?” she questioned, not understanding. 
“Put Saphora down,” he clarified. The queen’s eyes went wide as she took two instinctive steps back.
“Are you mad? What’s come over you? I will not-“ 
“Vida,” he said in a stern voice, nearly making the woman flinch. She stared at him. Dumbfounded. Surely he was mad. She hesitantly shook her head, her eyes welling up with tears. She would not stand watch while this beast kill her only child before her own eyes. 
“No.”
“Vida … He has come to be her guardian,” he explained urgently. 
There was a group of muttered gasps from behind her, almost in unison with her own. 
Saphora, looking in on herself, had her hand to her mouth, as the memory took hold in her conscious. How could she have forgotten? Clumps of memory of the two flooded her mind, and she felt tears of her own forming in her cheeks. They spilled over at the further realization that she was also remembering her parents. She looked at the two with a new set of eyes. Eyes full of hope and longing. Of joy. 
Vida shook her head, looking back at the beast before her again. He seemed to be more alert now, now that the purpose of his coming into the courtyard had been revealed. He looked into the excited eyes of the little girl, only to have them taken by the turning of the queen’s body. His eyes jolted up to meet Vida’s, whose were still narrowed. Reluctant was an understatement of how she was feeling. But if her husband was right, she would have no choice but to give her little girl up for the connection that was bound to come. If she didn’t allow it to happen now, Arol would no doubt be back to connect with Saphora again at some other point in the near future. And no matter the grudge that Vida felt towards the dragon, she knew that if he was right and Arol was in fact her guardian, there would be no separating them. She groaned, tightening her grip on the child, and making her uncomfortable. The little girl whined and squirmed in her mother’s arms, causing a negative reaction from Arol. A low snarl left his throat and his wings started to unfold from the surface of his back. The guards’ weapons shifted in their hands as they readied themselves for defense, but Vida stopped them. 
“Stop …” she said, barely audible. 
The guards stopped, turning to look at the queen. They were unsure, so they also looked up at their king, wondering if they should overrule the command that was just given. But the king was unmoving. He waited calmly as Vida, still reluctant, slowly set her hyper little girl on the ground. Arol’s attention was spiked as he watched Saphora with anticipation. His wings continued at a more noticeable speed as Saphora steadied herself on her feet. And Saphora, looking in, watched with an even more heightened sense of anticipation, waiting like she was watching a film. Her breathing seemed to slow down, while simultaneously speeding up as she waited for the interaction to begin. 
The little girl looked up at her mother, after all that trying to get out of her arms to get to Arol, to silently ask if it was alright for her go over. Vida, holding back her distaste, nodded to her as she folded her hands in front of her. The little girl squealed as she ran over to greet Arol with open arms. Arol let out a huff through his nostrils in delight, which sent the child’s hair whipping back behind her as she frolicked towards him. His neck lowered to be at more of an eyelevel with her as she grew closer. Everyone was on edge as the child grew closer and closer to the terrifying mass of Arol. The air seemed to thicken as her little hands met the rough texture of his somewhat moist snout. And almost immediately as she did, there was a wicked wind that surrounded the two, hitting the surrounding people with powerful gusts that actually set them back a couple of steps. But the child stayed unmoving. 
Patterns began to form on the child’s back, at the nape of her neck. She was merging herself with Arol, and gaining what would be the start of her incredible power to come. Her eyes shifted their colour to a piercing white as the bounding took place. Arol’s wings finally stretched to their full wingspan, brushing up against some nearby trees and even threatening to touch the surrounding walls of the castle. Both their eyes closed as the winds began to die down, allowing the people to lower their arms from their faces. Arol’s wings returned to his back, and Saphora’s hair settled, now undone from its braided bun and about her face. When their eyes opened, they seemed to have a silent conversation with each other. Saphora smiling as her forehead came into contact with Arol’s snout.

 

	“Pandemonium broke out here today at Clemming Zoo at what was supposed to be a very happy welcoming to their new dragon exhibit,” the African American woman announced as the scene cut to Arol in his cage, his eyes agitated, and his body tense. He was scanning the crowd, searching for something – for Saphora. He let out a roar every few moments, calling to her as he waited for her appearance. 
“The newly discovered dragon, which was presented to the public today, suddenly became disturbed at the opening of the exhibit,” she continued, showing footage of Arol lashing out behind the glass, and beginning to frighten the crowding people.
“The crowd, what was first thought to be upsetting the beast, was horrified when it started thrashing about behind its two-foot thick glass. It was later noted, that a woman, identified as a Saphora Mousescawits, was the cause of the beast’s distress.” The footage switched to that of Saphora breaking through the crowd, and stopping, as well as the dragon. The two locked their eyes, for what seemed like ages, before Saphora began walking towards the dragon, appearing to be in some sort of trance. The security tried to stop her as Fran called out to her, but when she was touched, Saphora lashed out to the side, the man who touched her fumbling back and making it appear as though she had thrown him.
“You can see as she tries to make her way to the dragon that security steps forward to pull her away safely. But when the man attempts to move her away, she is able to throw him onto the floor, as she continues towards the glass, generating a warning cry from the dragon.” What they thought was a sound of warning was actually a greeting cry. 
“More security began to storm Saphora who continued to push forward towards the exhibit. The dragon let out another cry, startling the crowd and the employees.” The scene switched to the screaming Fran, who was being held back by Brad.
“Here we see Fran Mousescawits, an employee of Clemming Zoo, and the legal guardian of Saphora. It has been confirmed that Saphora is also the leading suspect of the Jones case, which happened only a couple of weeks ago.” The camera zoomed in on Saphora’s disconnected expression, her gaze fixed on the eyes of the dragon. 
“After it was determined that Saphora’s actions called for stronger forces, she was tranquilized, and carried away by security, and followed by her guardian, Fran.” 
Footage was shot of Saphora falling to the ground after being shot with a tranquilizer, causing outrage from Arol, who actually began to thrash his skull against the thick glass. People screamed, and finally began running away from the exhibit once the possibility of him escaping presented itself. Arol continued, shaking the building with each thrash until he was tranquilized as well.
“The dragon’s apparent rage was made clear after Saphora had been taken away. And a total of 74 elephant darts were needed in order to bring down the beast, finally calming it down. Police are eager to get a hold of Saphora, as well as the owner of the Zoo, who had this to say.” Footage switched to a very tall, and very bald man in a brown suit, sporting a red tie.
“Obviously there was some connection between this dragon and that woman. From the footage I saw, it looked like they knew each other. I mean, did you see the way she was trying so hard to get to him? And his reaction. Obviously there was something going on there that we don’t yet understand. I’ve been working with animals for years, and I know what a bond between wild animals and people looks like. And that, is what I saw.” The camera switched back to the reporter. 
“Could this woman have known this creature? If so, how? Whatever the case may be, I’m sure that this is a day that will not soon be forgotten. This has been Yoldine Carter, reporting for channel 17, eye-witness news. Back to you, George.”






Saphora’s eyes fluttered under closed lids as a soft groan vibrated her vocal cords. Her conscious had slowly been creeping forward from its visit to the past. Her head turned, as her eyes began to pry open. And then with sudden alarm, she sprang forward into a sitting position in her bed. She looked around, almost frantically. That anxious feeling soon fading when she realized where she was. Somewhere safe. And then the feeling of safety faded into a feeling of remorse, when she realized that Fran was not by her side, looking over her. Not wanting to stay in bed after what she had just seen – no, remembered, she flung the blanket from her and moved to the edge of the bed to sit up. She gave a glance to the bedside clock that read 5:47PM, before making her way out of her room with the intention of going down stairs to talk to Fran about what had happened. But as she rushed out of the door, she found herself running into Fran in the hallway – practically knocking her over. 
“Oh! Saphora, you’re up!” she said with joy, springing forward and wrapping her arms around her neck to hold her. Saphora’s body actually tensed from the sudden affectionate contact, and her body took a few moments to adjust before reacting and placing hands on Fran’s back. “I was so worried … How are you feeling?” she asked, pulling back to see her face, while her hands remained on Saphora’s arms. Saphora couldn’t help but smile. Not just from the fact that Fran was showing a bit of the persona she knew, but also because she was excited to tell her about what she had just seen. What she had just remembered.
“Fran …” Saphora laughed, moving her hands to grip Fran’s arms. Fran half nodded, waiting for her to say something about her well-being. “Fran, I remembered.” Fran’s eyes shifted to a worried gaze as she heard the words. And she was hesitant to respond.
“ … Remembered what, sweetie?”
“So much. My mother … it was her voice I was hearing. My father. He … well I don’t know about him but he was there too.”
Fran’s head spun. Her eyes dropped for a moment as she registered the information. She remembered her parents? Fran’s heart rate spiked, as questions and fears rushed through her thoughts. Her parents. Her actual parents. Where did that leave her? Would she leave to go find them? She would, she thought. Her little girl was going to go searching for her real parents, and leave her all alone. Fran shook her head slightly, trying to compromise with her own thoughts. She looked up at Saphora, who was beginning to watch her questioningly. 
“Uh, where? Was where?” she asked, referring to the mentioning of her father. 
“My dream. My memory.” she said, quickly rewording. “It was like … It was a completely different planet, Fran. I … I don’t think I’m from Earth,” she said with a little laugh.
Fran’s brows furrowed, as she listened. She had always known that Saphora wasn’t human. And she had always been willing to accept that and take her as she was. With all her special gifts. She had always known that she was from another world. She didn’t know how she came to be on Earth, but she didn’t care. She had always seen Saphora as the daughter that God had given her to compensate for her inability to have children. She was never going to tell her, of course. She had done her best to make Saphora feel as normal as possible, as impossible as that seemed. 
Fran looked down again, trying to hold back the emotions that were beginning to spill forward. Why did she have to remember? Why couldn’t she just be content with being there with her? She knew that Saphora would now be bent on finding her parents, and that she would have to let her go. But she couldn’t help but fret over what it would be like if she hadn’t remembered. If she could be convinced that she hadn’t remembered, but just dreamed it all up. Her grip on Saphora’s arms grew a bit tighter, and Saphora noticed. She tilted her head downwards to try and look into Fran’s eyes.
“Fran?” she asked, a little concerned. 
Fran’s mind was racing, and slowly but surely corrupting.
What if she could convince her that it was all false? That the thoughts were false. A result of her fainting at the zoo? Then maybe she would drop it. Maybe she would let it go and not chase after her parents, but continue to stay with her. Fran shook her head, putting on a reasoning smile as she looked back up at the waiting Saphora. 
“Are you sure it wasn’t just a dream, hun? We don’t want another repeat of what happened with the police.”
Saphora’s heart stung, hearing the words. Hearing the doubt. The mockery. 
“What?” she could barely utter. “What does my memory have to do with involving the police?” she said, sounding offended, as she was.
“We don’t know if it’s a memory, hun. It could just be your mind working against you again,” Fran tried to reason with her. Saphora shook her head, dropping her hands from Fran’s arms and prying herself from her grip. She even took a step away from Fran, which caused her to frown. “Saphora,” she said with distaste. But emotion had stirred in Saphora once again. 
“I can’t believe this …” Saphora started in a low voice, her head turning away from Fran for a moment. And then it snapped back up, suddenly stricken with grief and betrayal. It tugged on the strings of Fran’s heart, but she stayed quiet as Saphora’s emotion poured over once again. 
“Who are you? Huh?” she asked Fran. Fran furrowed her brows and shook her head hesitantly.
“What?”
“I said who are you? Because the woman that took me in and loved me with everything she had is not standing in front of me. The woman who believed me. Believed in me! Where is she? You’ve done nothing but doubt me, mock me, and scold me ever since that day I saw Tebias in the woods. And again when I saw him at the-”
“But honey, you didn’t see-“
“Yes I did! You stupid human!” Saphora spat, making Fran take a step back in shock. Her hand rested gently against her chest to console its thudding beats. 
“Saphora,” Fran stammered.
“You’re all the same! You never want to believe anything that you don’t understand. Anything you’re afraid of! You must fear me, Fran. Is that why you won’t believe me? Is that why you would do anything to keep my truth buried away forever?” she continued, taking a step towards her now, making Fran retreat a step down the hall. “Well I’m sick of it! If you’ve decided that you’re finished being the closest thing to a mother I’ve had, then I’ll go find my own.” she said, turning around and storming through the hall. Fran’s mouth fell agape at her words as she rushed forward to grab a hold of the bend in Saphora’s arm. 
“Saphora, wait-“
But Saphora ripped her arm away from her as she spun around to face her again. Fran’s eyes welled up as she realized that she had just drove her baby girl away. 
“Saphora, please.” she pleaded, reaching out again to touch her arm. But Saphora’s rage stopped her, almost in her tracks. Saphora’s eyes shifted into a white color, and a large gust of winds leapt from her body, pushing Fran back several feet and making her lift her arms to defend herself. When the winds stopped, Fran’s trembling body allowed her arms to lower so that she could peek out at Saphora. And what she saw really did scare her. She saw the glowing white eyes, her hair, whipping about her head and face, the illuminated markings on her back, and the anger that seemed to be generating this immense amount of energy in the form of wind. Fran shook her head slowly, taking a few more willing steps away from her.
“… What are you?” she asked, barely over a breath. Saphora’s eyes faded to their not so natural, natural colour, but still maintained their ruthless glare. 
“I was your daughter.” 












Thank you so much for reading!
If you enjoyed the story thus far, please leave a review on Amazon, or email me on my website! I’d love to hear from you!
As a thank you, here’s a sneak peak of 
Saphora vol.2 Residence!

Knowing exactly the shelf of the book she required, Artemis wasted no time scurrying in to find it. The large wooden double doors swayed shut behind her as she journeyed further into the familiar library. She had memorized every word, every photo, every map, every bent and wriggled page, every worn book jacket, every rip in every scroll, every dusty table, and every flickering bulb. 
Reaching the bookshelf she needed, she ran down the aisle to the book’s location. Being the mere four feet and ten inches that she was, she was grateful for her ability to manipulate gravity. It was similar to levitation, though she could not control the direction of the objects, or herself for that matter, aside from up and down. Using her ability, she raised herself up, enough to reach the book that was about twenty shelves high. Gripping the spine of the book, she held it close to her chest, before lowering herself back to the carpeted floor. Her landing, graceful, immediately turned into a mad dash to get back down the aisle. She had a smile on her face, thinking that perhaps she beat the clock of fate with enough to time to alter it. Pivoting around the bookshelf into the wide aisle of the library, she nearly stumbled to a stop. Her platinum hair, boxing her dark face in with bangs, tied in funnel-like ornaments on either side of her face, swayed forward in the sudden stop. Her red eyes, behind largely framed glasses, went wide at the sight before her, and her grip on the book grew tighter with every strained breath. There in front of her, on the far end of the library with a smug grin, was Enya. She frowned as she tried to steady her breathing. Panic would only end things more quickly. Glancing down at the book in her hands, she thought of a way that she could get it out of the library safely. She needed the book to survive. 
Enya smiled as she started walking down the wide aisle of the library, her index finger trailing along each table that she passed. 
“Hello, Artemis,” said Enya. Artemis was silent, and Enya’s toothy grin spread. “My apologies. Let me introduce myself.”
“I know who you are, Enya. Guardian of Hades. Winged creature of fire,” Artemis spoke up. Enya giggled.
“I prefer the term phoenix. Though that does have a nice ring to it.”
“You’re making a mistake, Enya,” Artemis said, glancing around the room and silently making a mental list of the things that could be used as a weapon. The tilt in Enya’s neck corrected itself as her eyes narrowed.
“That sounds like you know what I’m here to do.” 
Artemis scoffed.
“Unfortunately.”
“And yet you’re still here. Standing still. Have you lost hope? I would have expected you to run, being the tiny thing you are.”
“Do not underestimate the small,” countered Artemis. Enya smiled.
“Oh? Tell me. Have you seen yourself surviving this?” she asked as she began to walk forward again. 
This time as her index finger dragged along the surface of the table she passed, her nail dug in somewhat, and left behind a trail of flames, barely kindling. Artemis couldn’t help but draw her eyes to the slowly growing flames atop the table. A part of her ached. She knew the damage that would be dealt to this library. And though she would not be there to mourn it, it burdened her conscious. 
“I have not,” she answered, seeing no point in lying. Enya raised a brow, drawing nearer. “But I will not lay down and be slain.” Enya smiled.
“Good. I was hoping this wouldn’t be boring.”
With a swift pivot of her body, Artemis launched the book she was holding behind her at one of the large windows. It crashed through it, pages fluttering as it made its way to the ground. It captured Enya’s attention, making her head snap up at the distraction. In that time, Artemis dashed down the bookshelf aisle closest to her. Enya hissed as she ran up, making the same turn down the aisle. But Artemis was gone. Groaning in frustration, Enya looked around agitatedly, as if Artemis would be hiding within one of the many bookshelves. But she had ran up one of them and was now hoping from bookshelf to bookshelf, trying to hurry her way to the swords at the front of the library, held by hollow armored statues. But the sound of Artemis’ pitter patter atop the bookshelves drew her attention. She smirked, leaping to the stop of the bookshelf to her left, and spotted her, hopping away. 
“Now you run!” Enya laughed, jerking her wrist forward and sending a ball of fire charging at Artemis. 
Hearing the sounds of the crackling flames, she ducked, letting the ball rush past her into the wall. She looked behind her, and saw that Enya was aiming to throw another. Focusing on the bookshelf that Enya was standing on, she released its gravitational pull, causing it to lift into the air. Startled, Enya wobbled on it before looking up at the ceiling she was headed for. Making the decision to jump, she landed on the bookshelf in front of her, snarling as she looked up at the now hopping Artemis. She stood on the bookshelf, and started leaping after her. Hearing this, Artemis started sending all the bookshelves she had passed into the air. Annoyed with the trick, Enya’s ginger hair began to harbor flames as fire trailed down her arms into her hands. Launch after launch, fire struck down the bookshelves as Enya fought to stay balanced on one. After the bookshelves were struck down, there was nothing in the way of aiming for Artemis. A stream of fire chased after Artemis’ figure. She twisted to the side, but was still licked by the flames. She groaned in pain, wobbling to the edge of the bookshelf. She winced, holding onto her arm as she looked over at the grinning Enya. 
As Enya powered another stream of fire, Artemis stood and leaped into the air to avoid the hit. Her manipulation keeping her safely afloat. Using the nearby chandelier to kick off of, Artemis flipped, allowing her feet to make contact with the ceiling. Once they did, she took off in a mad dash to continue towards the front of the library, now only a short jog away. 
The library was quickly being consumed in flames by the time Artemis reached and drew the sword from the lifeless hands of the armored statue. But still, she felt a surge of confidence once she possessed it. Enya, on the other hand, laughed, in mockery of the decision.
“A sword. How valiant. But I wonder if you’re trained to use it,” Enya jabbed. With some fancy wrist work, Artemis held the sword in a combat ready stance, and glared at Enya.
“Come and find out for yourself.”
“I intend to.” Drawing the sword that was sheathed against her back, she took careful, yet confident steps towards the ready Artemis. 
Artemis took her cautious step forward. And then they were upon each other. Blades colliding, bodies dancing in the struggle to land a significant blow upon one another. After several unsuccessful attempts, the two pressed their swords against one another’s, eyes locking before they pushed off each other, taking several steps back. Already having exerted most of her energy during the flight to retrieve the sword, and the scramble to gather the information, Artemis was now panting. It didn’t help that smoke was now beginning to fill the room from the flames that were eating away at the library. She coughed, wiping her forehead as Enya giggled.
“Not bad!” Enya applauded. “It’s a pity though. Had you laid down to be slain,” Enya smiled. Artemis glared. “You may have spared this library.” 
Artemis frowned, and charged at Enya again with a cry of anger. Enya readily picked up her sword, happy to engage with her. Their blades clashed again, and their hair whipped about their faces. But this time, when Enya’s sword raised for an attack, Artemis stole its gravitational pull, aiming to banish it to the ceiling. Enya’s eyes widened, caught off guard as she grunted, trying to keep control of the sword. Artemis spun with her sword, cutting Enya across her torso. She scowled, letting go of her sword to back away and hold a hand over her now bleeding torso. She backed away, just enough to be under the now floating sword. Artemis waited the split second for the sword to point downwards, before applying a harsh gravity, aiming to slice the sword through Enya’s skull. But she made the mistake of gesturing her hand towards the sword, giving away her intention to Enya. Enya rolled out of the way, dodging the sword by a mere fraction of a moment. Artemis groaned, going into another fit of coughing, when her attention was grasped by the opening of the library doors. Mishka had pushed them open in distress, her eyes wide and her mouth agape. 
“Artemis!” she cried, ready to run into the room. 
Artemis rushed to the doors, wrapping her arms around them and pushing them shut. She used what energy she had left to apply gravity to the doors, as she pushed her sword through the handles. Mishka beat against the doors frantically. Artemis closed her eyes as she coughed, listening to her friends cries of denial.
“Artemis! Artemis, no!” Mishka cried, banging on the wooden doors. Enya’s laughter called Artemis’ attention behind her. She was standing up, one hand over her torso as her other attempted to draw her sword. But the gravity was too intense. Enya’s patience had been tested. Artemis could feel it in the atmosphere. 
“Enough of this,” she hissed, as her form began to change. Artemis pressed her back against the thudding doors as she watched Enya’s transformation into her natural, and most powerful form – the phoenix. Her wingspan spread to nearly the size of the library, knocking over and setting fire to several if not all of the surrounding bookshelves. There was a hawk-like cry as her body expanded and morphed into that of the winged flaming creature. Artemis blinked rapidly as the sparks flew off of Enya’s body, stinging her eyes. 
“Artemis!” sobbed Mishka.





