

Scheralt: Marooned


By Marel Lenmen
Copyright 2013  Marel Lenmen

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents  

Prologue: 
Chapter 1: Celeste 
Chapter 2: Scheralt 
Chapter 3: Journey to Timberlane 
Chapter 4: Timberlane 
Chapter 5: Trail to Dansk 
Chapter 6: Dansk 
Chapter 7: Trail to Scheralt 
Chapter 8: Spaceport 
Chapter 9: Escape 
Chapter 10: Trial 
Chapter 11: After the Verdict 
Excerpt from Scheralt: Hostile Takeover 


Prologue:  

Independent Traders Database Report on Scheralt System.  Updated 5200.01.01 
Printed 5212.07.15

The Scheralt star system produces severe magnetic storms.  The star charts marked it as a system to avoid even though it was along a highly traveled trade route in a densely populated section of space.  For centuries, the severe magnetic storms deterred exploration.  The long-range scan showed the magnetic fields in the system would destroy a ship's navigation and life support systems before a ship could approach any planet in the system.  With new ship design and increased speed, the exploration became feasible.
The explorers found five planets in orbit around the star Scheralt.  Four planets were frozen rocks or orbiting too close to the star.  The fifth planet is inhabitable with a mild climate for most of the year and an indigenous population.  The natives call themselves Klarn and call the planet with the galactic designation Scheralt-5, Ninovan.
The initial exploration showed little of value and was limited by the short period where there were no magnetic storms.  The surprise was the large scarcely populated cities and a rail system crisscrossing the planet.  The conclusion was that a sophisticated society built the large cities and then the magnetic storms destroyed the industry and culture.  Since there was little of monetary value on the planet, it was ignored until an academic study by Gannesmede University.  For details, see Gannesmede University documents, Scheralt 500 to 599. 
The initial observations show the natives living a primitive existence using animals for transportation and primitive weapons for protection.  The vacant cities are the reason the initial observation considered the Klarn primitive.  When the storms cease, the power to operate machinery is gone allowing the population to spend the time pursuing recreational activities.  The most important discovery is that the housing material shields against the magnetic fields.  Subsequent studies of samples show the material is military grade shielding.  This attracts the military and Xeres Corporation to Scheralt disrupting the sociological studies by the academics.
Confusion exists as the actual events that cause the Klarn to revolt.  Military files concerning the incident are sealed.  There are no academic files covering this period although the university scholars were still on Scheralt with some personnel living with the Klarn.
Apparently, the Klarn quit working when the magnetic storms ceased as they always have in the past.  Since the military was desperate for the shielding, Xeres Corporation convinced the military to force the Klarn back to work.  This situation lasted until the first magnetic storm when the Klarn escaped forcing the shut down of shielding production.  Frustrated by finding few Klarn and wanting to demonstrate a show of strength, the military cruiser in orbit destroyed the Klarn city of Orath.  The reasoning was that the natives would then concede the futility of resistance.  Instead, the Klarn captured the spaceport, which included at the time the military commander, the ship's captain, and the Xeres Corporation executives. 
There have been hints that sabotage by the academics aided in the failure of critical spaceport defense systems, but there are no records of any arrests or charges.  The academic community on Gannesmede supported their colleagues on Scheralt in condemning the military and Xeres Corporation’s actions.  They generated the public outcry that along with the military's need for the shielding, forced the military to sign a treaty with the Klarn.  The importance of the transmission speeds in resolving the conflict cannot be discounted.  The transportation of troops and ships takes 5 to 10 years but the transmission of information takes only months.  In addition, the Klarn made it clear there would be no manufacturing of shielding until the military signed a treaty.
The treaty signed was entirely in the Klarn's favor.  The military get their shielding but on the Klarn's schedule.  Only Klarn can own property and buildings on Scheralt that makes the spaceport Klarn property.  The Klarn purchase and control all items imported to the planet including control of the spaceport's transports on the planet and in the Scheralt star system.  For treaty, details see Scheralt Treaty 5189.
After signing the treaty, the first expelled from Scheralt was the Xeres Corporation.  Next, the select military that forced the Klarn to work for the Xeres Corporation.  Xeres kept their rights to control trade to Scheralt but that is part of their agreement with the military and various other planets not the natives.
There were changes in the Klarn Society.  The Kirch came into existence from the Klarn that Xeres forced to work in their plant.  Their most distinctive characteristic is a stubborn resistance to acquiring aspects of offworld culture.  There has not been another group of inhabitants of any other world, which has gone to such lengths to avoid offworlders.  The tendency of the Kirch to avoid direct contact has made it easy to dismiss them as unimportant.  Although they never deal with the spaceport, the Kirch are involved in many judicial decisions that their overall impact is enormous.  Time has not diminished their hatred and distrust of offworlders.  Noticeable effect of the Kirch's refusal to accept offworld customs is the conservative clothing, and language.  They will often define in detail an item just to avoid using an offworld term.  They never bow to anyone; they are not even willing to nod.
The Klarn Council is the main governmental body with each clan having a counselor representing them.  The council chooses the akicita.  The akicita are like police officers.  Each akicita is selected from various clans but not all clan have members picked for akicita duty.  Surprisingly, the Kirch dominate the akicita.
The introductions are key in recognizing status and rank among male Klarn and in dealing with the natives.  The formal phrasing and complicated greetings take several minutes to complete as a complex ritual.

The current situation with the Klarn forces the Xeres Corporation to use intermediaries to trade on the planet.  Contract workers deal with the Klarn and shipping of shielding materials to the military procurement facilities.
Into this mix, the trader Celeste gains a trade permit that supposedly only the Xeres Corporation owns.


Chapter1: Celeste  

“I want both ready to land on Scheralt in a week,” growls the man standing on the door as he stares with obvious frustration into the room containing two bodies.
A cold metallic voice replies from a speaker in one wall, “Captain Jerupt, they cannot be ready.  The medical procedure to awaken them takes a week.  Then they will need three weeks to gain strength to survive the planet’s gravity.  Only you and Jake are physically ready for the planet’s gravity.”
“This is an emergency.  Implement emergency procedures.  Katree can wear the THERP to help her.  Marissa will just have to struggle.  They land on Scheralt in a week.”  With that command, Captain Jerupt leaves.
An hour later, a tugging against her arms and legs causes an increase in the overall ache in her body as Marissa’s awareness spreads.  The cold air blowing across her arm creates goose bumps; the astringent stench forces her to breath through her mouth leaving a sour taste.
Initially glancing around the room, one would assume that it is a medical bay.  A closer examination reveals stains on the ceiling and walls indicating age and neglect that is unacceptable for a medical facility.  Neither of the room’s occupants is completely aware of their surroundings nor the attentions of the medical robot, commonly referred to as a med-bot, working over the two awakening female crewmembers.
The med-bot checks the readings on a THERP, Therapeutic Exercise Routine Player, which will manipulate the body simulating muscle control.  The THERP is keeping Marissa's body in a relaxed state as if she is a plastic doll waiting for a child to pose her.  This matches Marissa's pale face and a head covered in light brown stubble.  A face that looks like it has never seen sun light and a head recently shaved; do not create a healthy countenance.
A green metal band wraps around her left wrist with tiny green and yellow lights blinking at a slowly increasing rate.  The band is an ID worn as a health monitor and tracking device for all crewmembers.  The blinking lights indicate the physical health: Red, dangerous emergency; Yellow, fair; Green, excellent, with alternating colors indicating a status between two solid colors.  The lights on the wristband flash faster indicating the subject is waking and the pulsing indicates the heartbeat.
“Marissa, begin exercising,” Breaks the quiet.
The voice is from SIS5009, the ships computer or SIS for short.  SIS5009 is the designation for Species Interface System 5009.  The number 5009 is the year the shipyard created the system.  The current year is 5212 that makes the SIS5009 nearly 203 years old.  Marissa helped salvage the SIS5009 from a derelict ship but the appearance of another ship interrupted the work forcing the abandonment of the interface cables.  This creates multiple problems for the Celeste.
The Celeste, a space trader, has four crewmembers: Captain Jerupt is the owner and pilot-navigator, First Mate Jake is the Navigator, Marissa is the Maintenance Engineer, and Katree is Logistics.  Every crewmember has a primary function and either two or three secondary functions.  This gives backup and redundancy of jobs and allows for two active shifts when necessary.
The Celeste is more a mishmash of parts than space ship.  Thanks to Captain Jerupt.  He throws nothing away nor dumps it in space with the result that there is little area for additional cargo.  This forced the ship to carry the current cargo as an attachment to the exterior of the ship.
“Marissa, begin exercising.” the message repeats, which slowly penetrates the dark haze of her consciousness.
Slowly Marissa is becoming aware of the ache in all her joints and muscles creating a desire to return to the pain free darkness.  The head ache; nausea and buzzing in her ears are the familiar results from an extended stay in Cryo, cryogenics sleep.  With that thought, Marissa opens her dark blue eyes, in time to see the med-bot moving away with her THERP.  A quick glance shows that she is not wearing a THERP, as medical procedures require for crewmember recovering from Cryo.
The med-bot moves to administer to the room’s other occupant who has the bluish skin cast of some one just extracted from Cryo.  She will remain unconscious for the next few days while the THERP stimulates the joints and muscles and administers pain inhibitors.  Deep space flight requires Cryo sleep for crewmembers but has side effects giving spacers a bad reputation.  Medicine developed the MMS, Mental Monitor System, to counter Cryo’s side effects by minimizing mental atrophy, psychosis, and aggression, but has not eliminated the pain endured during recovery.  Recovery consists of two phases; the first phase is a treatment with pain inhibitors while unconscious, the second phase is four days of exercise.  During both phases, crewmembers wear a THERP to support and enhance the physical abilities.
“Long?”  Marissa whispers hoping that SIS understands her one word question.  The THERP cannot exercise the throat muscles used for speech.  This creates soft-spoken crewmembers.
“12 cycles standard” reports SIS5009.
12 cycles explains why Marissa is having trouble moving.  There is nothing ‘standard’ about keeping a crewmember in Cryo for 12 cycles.  The recommended amount is 10 cycles, max.  The captain heard a story from another ‘Captain' in one of the seedy space bars that someone was kept in Cryo for 20 cycles with no problem.  Now he believes the Cryo settings are too short.  Captain Jerupt only trusts the opinions of other ‘Captains’ because no one else is as smart.  Pilots and navigators are included since most captains are either a pilot or navigator or both.
Thankfully, the system controls can only adjust to 12 cycles.  Since Marissa, who is the Maintenance Engineer, is responsible for all repairs, she did not ‘fix’ the Cryo controls to run for 20 cycles.  Marissa plans to leave the Celeste long before the captain figures out a 'fix' to the system.
Wake cycles are the time not spent in Cryo sleep and determine experience and pay scale.  A wake cycle defines work experience with Marissa needing five wake cycles to qualify for a better position and ship.  Working on the Celeste for five wake cycles is not the easiest way to advance.  The Celeste looks more like a derelict but it is the best position Marissa can get without Academy credentials.
“Begin exercising.”  Repeats SIS5009.
“Foof” Marissa’s response
“Captain’s orders.  If you do not start, I am to summon Jake to aid you,” continues SIS5009.
It hurts but Marissa moves her left arm onto her stomach hoping that the slight movement will satisfy SIS5009 for a moment while Marissa clears her disoriented and hazy thoughts.
“THERP?”  Marissa gasps and hopes SIS5009 understands that Marissa wants strapped into the THERP to aid in the exercise.  Talking is exhausting but at least Marissa completed another word.
“Accelerated physical exercise restricts THERP usage to initial awakening.  Katree requires the THERP during her awakening,” continues SIS with a cold assessment.
Translated it means Marissa must move unassisted.  Usually, the THERP system augments the muscles as a crewmember performs his duties for the first weeks out of Cryo.  To be awake indicates that Marissa has completed phase one of Cryo recovery.  Only during an emergency is accelerated physical therapy used to awaken multiple crewmembers.  Even then, crewmembers share a THERP with alternate shifts using the same THERP.  The muscle weakness is dangerous with crewmembers handling the ship and hazardous equipment.
“Why?”  The one word question seems to confuse the computer for a moment.
‘Captain's orders.  If you do not start to exercise I am to summon Jake to assist you.”  Repeats SIS5009.
“Space cooling system” Marissa whispers.
Thankfully, the misassembled piece of electronic circuits and artificial intelligence heard and understood.  The computer and Marissa have had this argument before and the computer knows that Marissa can make the cooling system function below normal by triggering a sensor fault.  SIS5009’s sensors have not been able to catch Marissa ‘fixing’ the system.  SIS tried preventive measures but Marissa turned the malfunction back on for a day after the last preventive maintenance performed.  Marissa timed the last ‘lesson’ for when she was not on the ship as insurance to keep her alive.  Marissa keeps the computer worried so that SIS5009 makes sure that Marissa is safe.  This is a dangerous game but the only insurance available.  The captain and Jake brag about their engineering skills but Marissa repaired systems that both attempted and failed.
“Jake report to PT.”  SIS5009 broadcasts undaunted by the implied threat.
“Retract!”  Marissa whispers as she rolls off the bed and attempts to stand; instead, she falls flat on the floor.  The fall adds to Marissa's aggravation at the inflexibility of the computer.
SIS realizing that Marissa is finally moving but knowing she is willing to carry out her threat countermands the order, “Correction, Jake report to Nav Center.”
What is not hurting before now aches from the added bruises caused by her fall.  Luckily, the bed control is just above her head and easy to reach.  Marissa lowers the bed then using the bed and the control, Marissa manages to stand.  Payback is the first thought as Marissa straightens with one hand on the bed to steady her.  SIS is going to run hot for everyday Marissa is on this accelerated PT, Marissa promises to herself.
SIS still concerned for its own survival, which SIS analyzed depends on Marissa’s well being tries to placate her.  “Marissa is not operating to full capacity; Jake is a motivational resource available for use per the captain’s orders.”
Marissa, while amused at the thought of Jake’s reaction at being reduced to the role of a ‘resource’, issues,   “Pervert.” as her one word response.
SIS5009 corrects her, “Pervert definition: one that has been perverted; specifically: one given to some form of sexual perversion.”
“Ooooh, enough” does not stop the computer as it continues the reprimand; “Perversion defined as; an aberrant sexual practice or interest especially when habitual.  Jake’s helping does not make him a pervert.  Even if helping is not normal behavior for a Petain, the helping is not habitual thus not perversion.”
A computer would concentrate on the word ‘habitual’.  Jake helping anyone is not usual but in this case, he would be helping himself to her private body parts.  Marissa has a deep-seated aversion to be in the same room with Jake, which he interprets as a challenge or a flaw in Marissa.
Jake is the first mate and navigator.  Navigation is his primary function with Pilot and Trader as secondary.  Jake is a native of Petain, a planet with gravity greater than earth.  The result is a species that is short, broad, and muscular.  In space, short is good but there is little gravity for all that muscle to work against.  The solution is PT, Physical therapy, training or just plain exercise.  The problem; Jake hates exercise.  He swaggers into a compartment and blocks the passageways when he moves from compartment to compartment.  He enjoys making the crew ask him to move out of the doorways that he deliberately blocks.
Jake’s solution to exercise is sex.  He read that you burn 500 calories for 5 min of sex.  That has become his mantra on exercise.  Jake does not take ‘NO’ for an answer and like most Petain’s; he knows he is a gift to all women.  He accuses Marissa of not being a true female because she repeatedly refuses his attentions.  According to Jake, Marissa has a problem after all Katree is willing to oblige him.
Once, Jake tried to coerce Marissa.  Using his most oily smile he sauntered over to her while she was repairing a bot. “Hey girl, we haven’t seen much activity recently, some intense exercise would do a body good.”
Marissa clenched her jaw trying to keep her temper and stop herself from telling Jake that she has not been a girl for years.  Instead, she changed positions maneuvering the ‘bot’ in between them using it as a barrier and made the repairs as noisily as possible to drown out Jake’s voice.
Not discouraged Jake started, in what he conceived as a witty manner, “You can’t beat burning up 500 calories for 5 minutes of exertion.  Marissa had enough and cut in “Its only burns up 500 calories if you do it right!  I don’t think you come equipped nor have the stamina to burn off more than 100 calories at best.”  As Jake stalked off, Marissa had a moment of anguish.  Jake would find an opportunity to pay her back; but it did feel good to tell him off.
Coming back to the present, Marissa winces as she turns to find the door out of sickbay.  Nothing has changed in sickbay.  It is a place where one spends minimal time because it is far from a cheerful environment.  Truthfully, there are worse places on the ship.  The least the captain could do is paint the ceiling and walls to eliminate what the crew hopes are rust stains but no one wants to investigate closely.
By shear will power, Marissa manages to shuffle to the sickbay door.  Each motion is with a dull ache as stiff joints and muscles remember how to move.  Her body aches just standing still, movement makes it worse but experience tells her that she will improve only with exercise not medication.
“SIS, send me to PT.”  Thankfully, SIS has the med-bot roll alongside Marissa providing the support in place of the THERP until Marissa climbs onto the training equipment.
The med-bot leaves her with an energy booster to drink.  Marissa is exhausted after the walk from Sickbay, which is next to PT and gulps the drink.  Although a short walk, the pain indicates the atrophy of her muscles is severe but the med-bot has initiated Marissa to start phase two of the recovery program.
The training equipment is functional, but has no entertainment enhancements.  It is just boring exercise staring at blank walls without movies, music, or reading materials available.  The captain had Marissa cannibalize the entertainment enhancements to keep the barely functional ship running and to save money.  The walls are not blank but the grime and stains are not esthetically pleasing to view.  Along with the odor of stale sweat, the effect is nauseating, another place to put in minimum time.
The med bay and PT are typical of the Celeste.  Jerupt is the owner, pilot, and captain.  Captain Jerupt’s species is unknown and Marissa has not been able to get SIS to aid her in discovering it.  His species may help her develop an approach get the Celeste cleaned and upgraded.  Hopefully, she can convince the captain that it is profitable to make improvements and maintain the ship.  Profit drives him to cut maintenance on the ship.  Profit makes the Celeste looks like a derelict.  Unfortunately, Jerupt accepts only his own opinion as fact especially when an opposing fact cuts into his profits.  According to the captain, buying more THERPs or other benefits for the crew, cuts profit.  Another example, accelerated PT is implemented only for emergencies and not to shorten therapy as the captain has done previously.  The Celeste has too many ‘emergency’ repairs because of deferred maintenance.  Marissa has a feeling there is again no true emergency.
Logistics crewmember is Katree, a human species mix.  She maintains that she is human since that is the majority of her DNA.  Primary function is supplies and stowage.  She wants to be a navigator and is willing to sell her soul for the opportunity.  The Celeste added Katree at the last stop.  She is the other body in the med bay.
Marissa is the Maintenance Engineer.  Ships systems, computer, equipment, and bots or robots, are all her responsibility.  Species: Human and a bit of unknown.  Since Marissa does not have verifiable academic certification for the position, she is on the Celeste.  The captain is her backup on the computer system.  The bots are her backup on all other systems and her specialty is bot repair.
Marissa remembers leaving the last planet the Celeste visited.  The Celeste used a sling shot technique around the ADR0MEEN star to minimized fuel and maximized acceleration to 050VERES.  Every thing was functioning when Marissa entered Cryo with 050VERES as the destination.  After leaving ADR0MEEN, the Celeste’s crew was to be in Cryo for five cycles and then trade ore for silks on 050VERES.  If there was a systems problem then SIS should have awakened Marissa.  The 12 cycles will place the Celeste at Scheralt that means either the captain did not go to 050VERES or he did not wake all the crew.  050VERES is a profitable stop for both captain and crew.  The missed opportunity to trade irks Marissa, and does not add to her bank balance.
After a few minutes of exercise a repair robot or bot rolls into PT, stationing itself next to Marissa.  Marissa glances at the bot thankful that it is available to support her weakened body.  Later when Jake saunters in, the bot moves between Jake and Marissa.
“You have your body guard already.”  Jake sneers at the handy bot that keeps getting in Jake's way.
Marissa hoped that Jake’s avoidance of exercise would keep him away long enough for Marissa to regain her strength.  She is not concerned that Jake will damage the bot while there might be a witness but he is rough on the bots.  Jake crushed a bot giving the excuse that it malfunctioned tripping him resulting that he landed on it.  Marissa actually suspects that Jake kicked it down the ladder into the hold because it takes a lot of abuse to do major damage to a bot.  The only good thing that resulted was the captain did not want to pay for repairs or replacement; instead, he hired Marissa who is petite and can squeeze into the tight spaces that a repair bot uses.
“What is the emergency?”  Marissa demands after glancing to find Jake leaning against a wall with his arms crossed and ogling her.
“What will you give me to know?” answers a smirking Jake.
“SIS, what is the emergency?” irritated Marissa asks SIS, ignoring Jake.
“Captains designation.”  This is not what Marissa wanted to hear.  With Captain Jerupt it can be that, he wants company.  The answer motivates Jake to saunter out of PT but at the door, he turns and gives Marissa a mocking salute.
After two days exercising alone, Marissa hears a rustling sound at the room’s door.  She turns and sees the med-bot escorting Katree to a training station.  Katree has on a THERP helping her move at almost a normal pace.
“Hi Katree.  How are you feeling?”
“BAD” mumbles Katree as she walks to a trainer.  Marissa feels a stab of jealousy because the THERP allows Katree to walk, not shuffle.
“SIS, what galstar?”  With another crewmember present, Marissa attempts to obtain information on the Celeste’s current location.  Galstar is the galaxy and star system designation used by space traders.
“ABELL2029-2A SCHERALT.” translating to galaxy Abell2029, segment 2A, sun SCHERALT.
The Abell2029 galaxy is the largest with a 100 trillion stars.  Navigation divides the galaxy into 100 segments with a trillion stars in each segment.  SCHERALT is the 32-digit number for star number 975543577277 in segment 2A.  The names are based on a 32-digit number system making a shorter designation for each star.  ADROMEEN is the 32- digit numbers for star 358487898583 with 050VERES the 32-digit number for star 5401701852 in a decimal number system.
Scheralt explains the 12 cycles and justifies Marissa’s fear that the captain is maximizing profit at the crew’s expense by saving on food, water, and supplies.  He saved a little less than half by not waking Katree and Marissa.  The next designated stop was 050VERES with five cycles in Cryo, not SCHERALT.
“SIS, what is the emergency?”  Marissa tries again to get some information from the computer.
Not surprisingly the computer’s reply, “Captains designation.” is the same as two days earlier.
At least the exercise has revived Marissa to an alert awareness of the ship and surroundings.  Urgency for answers drives Marissa to quiz the SIS5009 hoping the computer will co-operate and answer a few more questions.
“SIS, respond with crew status.”
SIS lists crew title and status.  “Captain Jerupt meditating, First Mate Jake mandatory monitoring navigation orbit, crewmember Katree mandatory physical therapy, crewmember Marissa mandatory physical therapy.”
Captain Jerupt’s meditation translates to sleeping but the SIS5009 will never use the term sleeping.  Jake’s status as mandatory monitoring navigation is not normal.  If the orbit is stable, there is no need for monitoring.  Since Katree and Marissa are newly removed from Cryo, mandatory physical therapy is normal.  It appears that the captain and Jake are on alternate shifts.  No way is Marissa going to talk with Jake.  He will want payment for each question Marissa asks and Marissa knows the currency he will demand.  First, she has to find what SIS knows.
“SIS define situation requiring mandatory monitoring of the navigation orbit.”  Marissa orders.
“Unable to comply.” replies SIS causing Katree send an alarmed glance toward Marissa from her position on the other trainer.
That did not work well.  Marissa tries a different approach, “SIS, display the first two communications from the planet.”
SIS displays the message on the only working view screen in PT.  Marissa motions for Katree to go and read the display presented by SIS.  Since Katree is using a THERP, she can move to the screen easier.  Marissa is moving better after two days of training but still slower than Katree.
Katree softly reads, “Spaceport Scheralt: planet status atmosphere 20% O2, 78% N2, and 2% CO2.  Temperature range -60 to 120, gravity 0.9, UV at 15, Spaceport current Temperature 25, Wind 10 km., Storm condition 0.  Alert: monitor magnetic storms.”  Then she adds, “The alert is in large red letters.” 
Second communication reads, “Storms severe and will destroy instrumentation unless class 10 shielded.  Ships with Class 10 shielding can remain in orbit with great risk.  All other vessels must move to outer system perimeter.  No repair facilities on station.”
That explains the mandatory monitoring.  The Celeste is substandard class two shielded with the documentation showing it as class four, the minimum for access to most star systems.  The captain has the navigation and SIS5009 covered with class four shields using parts from the last derelict found.  Storms that require class 10 shielding will destroy the Celeste.  Marissa wonders what that does to any creature on the planet’s surface.  There has to be something here or Jerupt would not have Scheralt as a trade stop.  It also does not explain the emergency status since the ship can remain outside the star’s perimeter where class two shielding is adequate.  Avoiding the star system would also be a prudent move for a ship with class two shielding.
Katree does not look very happy.  She knows that a dangerous magnetic field can kill or maroon the crew on the planet.  At least marooned, the crew has a chance to be picked up by another trader.  If this rock is on a frequently traveled trade route, unfortunately that is not the type of trade route followed by the Celeste.
Priorities now are to exercise and recover as much as Marissa can.  Basically Katree and Marissa will live in PT; Marissa for the next two days and Katree for the next four days with the med-bot providing food, energy drinks and relaying their medical status to SIS.  The Med-bot has limited intelligence that SIS supplements.  All the bots are probably original equipment on the ship with the SIS5009 interface enhancing the bots beyond their original specification.  Thus, the med-bot is not up to date but significantly improved.
“Well Katree, what star system do you last remember?”  Marissa asks.
“ADROMEEN.”  Katree starts her training with better body control than Marissa has displayed but Marissa does not have a THERP for assistance.
“Will it be you or I that talks with Captain Jerupt?”  Marissa inquires.
“I will.  The captain likes me and tells me more than if you ask.  You know you would be treated better by the captain if you would bend a little.”  Katree gloats emphasizing her point by running her hand down the length of the THERP.
“Like you are?  It seems that you were in Cryo 12 cycles according to my math but math is not your strong point.”  That did not make any friends.  Marissa momentarily regrets the barb but the temptation was too much for her to pass up.  Katree is right about getting cooperation and information from the captain.
“Play Xenon Metalica” Katree requests SIS to pipe in her favorite music ending two days of silent contemplation for Marissa.  A loud beat without lyrics permeates the room as Marissa winces donning a pair of noise suppressors.  Normally individual music is piped to headsets so as not to disturb others in an area but the headsets are not functioning.  Katree does not care if anyone objects to her selection as long as she is pleased.

Two day later when Marissa leaves PT, she starts a data search about Scheralt that runs while she performs her regular duties.  When she checks the results, she is surprised to find that ships ignored the planet until recently considering it a dangerous morass for space ships.  Its major product is magnetic shielding exclusively purchased by the military.  The information is sparse with no indication of products for a profitable trade.
Marissa waits until Katree is about to be released before entering PT. “Katree it has been four days since you started the physical training.  We have not seen the captain in that time.  With mandatory PT ending and no crew meeting scheduled, I believe the captain is avoiding any questions and us.  He knows that I will use space authority definition of emergency to question the emergency status.  When are you going to talk to him?”  Marissa sips an energy booster while waiting for her reply.
Katree delays her reply enjoying every moment that Marissa waits knowingly straining Marissa’s patience.
“The captain may be sleeping and I do not want to awake him.  He has been on duty for 12 hours while we have just been playing.”  Katree looks at Marissa with a mocking sweet smile.
“SIS, respond with crew status.”  Marissa dryly requests.
SIS lists crew title and status.  “Captain Jerupt mandatory monitoring navigation orbit, First Mate Jake meditating, Crew Katree mandatory physical therapy, Crew Marissa limited duty.”
“Well Katree, it looks like the captain is awake so there is no reason for you to delay.  Additionally you may get some extra exercise that is not included in the PT routines.”  Marissa enjoys watching Katree’s smile fade in response to the implied insult.
Marissa remains in PT as Katree slowly strolls out to find the captain.  “SIS, update current planetary storm conditions.”  While Marissa waits for the update, she starts her normal exercise routine.  Although released from medical to limited duty status, Marissa has not recovered the strength and stamina she had before entering Cryo.  It will take weeks to recover fully.
“Storm Condition 2.  Alert: magnetic storm increasing.  Projected full storm in 10 days.”  That is not good news; the spaceport sets the storm condition to match the shielding class needed to survive the magnetic storm.  Storm Condition 2 requires the ship to have class two shielding.
“SIS, define orbit status.”  Marissa can exercise and talk which is an improvement over four days ago.  Marissa hopes Katree gets back soon with information on the current emergency.
“Low altitude orbit in 8 hours,” is the monotone reply from SIS.
A few hours later, a smiling Katree saunters into PT.  She looks smug and waits for Marissa to ask what she has learned from the captain.  Marissa ignores her knowing Katree is too smug to keep quiet.
Katree, breaking the silence, excitedly blurts out “You and I are going planet side as traders.  We drop to the planet with Jake in less than 6 hours.”
Marissa, with disbelief in her voice “I doubt the captain will want us to take the lead in negotiations, are you sure you understood what he said?”
With her head held high, Katree turns her head slowly to look directly in Marissa’s eyes and in a condescending voice,  “Trade is only performed by native females, the captain while regretting he can  not participate directly, has assured me that he has every confidence in my (Katree makes a quick correction) in our ability to make a profitable trade.  We also get a special bonus for a successful trade.”
Marissa, wanting to take advantage of Katree’s desire to prove how much the captain trusts her judgment, switches the topic hoping to trip Katree into revealing more than she should.  “Did the captain explain the reason for the emergency awakening from Cryo?”
Without missing a beat, Katree rattles on “With the storm season approaching early this year, there was not enough time to get us in physical shape unless the captain used emergency protocol for Cryo recovery.  Captain Jerupt, will drop Jake and us, then the Celeste will break orbit moving to the star system’s perimeter to avoid the magnetic storms.  The captain will wait at the perimeter for a recall signal when the trade is completed.”
Katree is going to say more but stops when Jake appears.
Jake warns, “Have you both heard?  We need to be ready to go planet side in six hours.”
Katree quickly replies, “I was just telling Marissa about bonus for a successful trade.”
Smothering a frustrated sigh, Marissa asks, “Did the captain define the amount of the special bonus?  Or what qualifies as a successful trade?”
The silence from both Jake and Katree answers Marissa more completely than any lies they were scrambling to make up.
Before they can come up with some trite answer Marissa adds, “We’re just out of PT and barely functioning on ships gravity.  The planet’s gravity is nearly double!”  Marissa shakes her head at Katree.  “It is going to feel like we have suddenly doubled our weight every time we take a step.  We need at least two more weeks in PT to be able to go planet side.  For your information, the last time the captain used the term successful trade, I received zero bonus.”
“The captain said you would complain and not appreciate that he will be isolated and alone for the whole time that we are lounging in sunshine and cool breezes.  I trust the captain’s word about the bonus.  He knows the strain our bodies are undergoing for this emergency but we will not be running a marathon just waiting for the natives to bring trade goods to select.”  Katree’s supercilious tone is grating causing Marissa to grind her teeth.
“What are we trading?”  Marissa asked in her best business manner.
“The rest of the ore that we’re towing is to be traded for crystals.”  Katree answers distractedly.
“Do you have any information on the natives?  Or the value and market for the crystals?”  As Marissa seriously begins thinking about the trade.
“Spaceport admin requires a mandatory orientation about the natives and their customs.  We will learn all we need to know at the orientation before we even start trading,” Katree chirps ignoring the questions about the crystals.
Marissa, with a growing dread, wonders what Captain Jerk is up to now.  Mandatory orientation indicates there is a problem or trap when dealing with the natives.  Spaceports do not waste their resources on such matters and only require orientation when they need it to protect their profit margin or Spaceport’s security.  Marissa speaks cautiously.  “Other than the orientation on Galatia 5, I haven’t attended one that was beneficial for Traders.  Has the captain traded here before?”
Katree, lost in her personal concerns changes the topic, “I hope there is a good commissary so I do not have to eat field rations or native plants or flesh.”
“Didn’t the captain tell you?  The natives provide all food to the base with meat predominating,” Marissa teases Katree.  Katree shudders in revulsion as Marissa contemplates packing food concentrates.
Jake, irritated with the questions Marissa has brought up snaps “Quit dragging your feet.  We must complete decontamination and leave before the captain breaks orbit.  Move It!”


Chapter 2: Scheralt  

The shuttle is a simple cockpit with two form-fitting seats for the pilot and co-pilot and two harnesses dangling from gimbals for use by the occasional passenger.
Jake who will pilot the shuttle orders Marissa, “Secure all the packs.”  Marissa checks the shuttle’s storage for loose packs and secure containers then locks the movable metal divider separating the passengers from the trade goods.
“Katree, you are co-pilot.”  Jake assigns Katree to the second form fitted seat, relegating Marissa to the harness that is not as secure as the pilot and co-pilot seats.  The harness has minimal padding and is only for emergency use.
As the shuttle leaves the Celeste, the shuttle experiences a massive jolt caused by the Celeste immediately breaking orbit.  
Katree screams, “Ohhhh!” from the co-pilot’s seat.
“Meat head!  SLOW DOWN.  Damn it!”  Jake swears at Captain Jerupt for abruptly breaking orbit early forcing Jake to compensate for the sudden acceleration.
The force twists Marissa in the seat harness roughly jamming the restraining strap tightly against her chest and knocking the air out of her lungs.  Her vision darkens and pain radiates from where the harness digs into her chest.  Only fear keeps her from blacking out.  She knows that she will have a bruise on her chest in the exact shape of the harness.  She listens to the shuttle’s engine and hears no dangerous coughing or rough vibrations.  The jolt was just the Celeste’s thrust hitting the shuttle before it completely cleared the ship.
The crew is nauseated from the rushed decontamination procedure, shots, and vaccines.  Aggravating the crews’ misery is the rough shuttle ride through the atmosphere.  Marissa wants to strangle the captain as the harness slowly releases her chest leaving a dull ache but eases her breathing.
The smooth, soft shuttle landing contrasts to the departure from the Celeste.  As the shuttle door opens, a blast of hot exhaust air enters the shuttle’s cabin giving the crew a first taste of the port.  The air smells from the overheated landing pad and contains the metallic taste from the shuttle’s brakes.
The Scheralt spaceport is typical, with unadorned block buildings for administration, barracks, visitor VIP quarters, and temporary quarters.  There is nothing to differentiate the buildings from each other.  All are the same utilitarian construction and a uniform grey.  The temporary quarters carry the unofficial nickname the slums, a name not approved by port administers.  The quarters do not encourage lengthy stays with many traders preferring the comfort of their shuttles instead. 
Walking toward the shuttle is one of the spaceport’s gray uniformed clerks with a cocky attitude and an expression of distaste as he frowns at the shuttle.  Marissa is closest to the shuttle door and the first out, followed by Jake bearing the trade permits.
“I’m Marissa.  What is your name?"  Marissa inquires.  With fake cheerfulness, she addresses the clerk trying to decrease his antipathy for Traders, which will guarantee a confrontation with Jake.  “Where is the visitor’s quarters?”
“I am Armsman Gene.  I want your documentation."  He replies with a sneer dismissing Marissa without a glance and returning Jake’s glare.
Jake pushes the Celeste’s Trade agreements and landing authorization into the Gene’s chest forcing him to grab the papers.  Thankfully, Gene wants to finish quickly and ignores Jake’s posturing.  He glances at the Celeste’s papers then escorts the crew to the slums where a clerk assigns sleeping slots.
Sleeping slot describes a shelf that is 2 foot high, 7 foot long and 2 foot deep with a pull down curtain providing the only semblance of privacy.  The result is a checkerboard of rectangles that fills both walls along the corridor behind the assignment desk.  The slots are the bare minimum needed to stretch out prone.  They are hard, and far from comfortable.  Jake will have difficulty fitting into the sleeping slot, especially, if he wants to have company at night.
The clerk nods to Gene, “The slot is temporary until the landing permit is verified.”  He points to a wristband reader, “ID.”  Jake slides his wristband through the reader.  Lucky for Jake, he gets the bottom slot.  Jake may tear the bedding out and sleep on the hallway floor rather than squeeze into the sleeping slot.  It will not be the first time that the Celeste pays for his destroying a slot.
Handing Jake a tag, the clerk adds dismissively, “Additional landing fees pay for the slot and damages.  Fees accumulate until the tag is returned.”  Marissa had hoped that Jake would sleep in the shuttle.  The clerk then processes Katree and Marissa in the same dull manner.  Marissa wonders at the military’s love of grey even though a brighter color will not increase the comfort of the sleeping slot it might improve the clerk’s attitude.
Gene impatiently waits for the traders to finish before silently escorting the crew to the administrative center.  Apparently, the spaceport administration has scheduled immediate orientation. 
“By the time the orientation is finished, the approval and verification of the trade permits will be complete.  If the documents are correct, they will be returned to you.”  Gene coolly informs the crew as he ushers them into a viewing center and starts the program, “or you get to meet the base commander.”  He breaks into a malicious grin at the last comment.
Orientation is a typical government sponsored video that drones on about the boring port rules and regulations in nauseating detail.  Every port uses the same script.  Katree mouths the exact words said by the speaker and performs a mocking rendition as if she is reading from the script.  Her act brightens the presentation for a few moments.  The only new information is the limited transportation on the planet caused by magnetic storm damage.
By the time the information presenting trade protocols displays, Katree has her head on Jake’s shoulder lightly dozing.
Unenthusiastically Marissa asks, “Jake is this information in the trade agreement?  I comprehend every third word.”  Both physically and mentally tired Marissa wishes for the program to end as she stands to keep herself awake.
Looking over toward Jake and Katree, Marissa finds both suddenly alertly listening to the presentation;

“..  A trader is a trader pair consisting of one female trader and one guard as one unit.  All trade negotiations are the responsibility of the female trader with the guard responsible for the formal introduction and protection.  Both roles are required for trading with the natives.  Without the formal introduction and a guard, the female trader is barred from negotiations.  A guard cannot trade and a female cannot perform introductions.  The format and wording of the introduction …..”

Although surprised by the definition of a trader, Jake and Katree immediately volunteer as a trader pair.  Obviously, Katree was paying closer attention than she appeared or Jake was aware of the definition and prepared.
“Marissa looks like you get to do the fetch and carry.”  Jake sends an encouraging smile at Katree with both looking delighted with the arrangement.
“I thought there is a requirement for a minimum of two trader pairs.  Having only one pair may interfere with our trade negotiations.”  Marissa tries to puncture their delight. 
“We will ignore that and not bring it to anyone’s attention.  We might get away with only one pair by letting everyone assume that you are part of a pair.  We will not mentioning a missing trader guard.”  Jake advises. 

Morning finds the crew at the medical facility where the medical staff reinforces the rules on offworlder/native relationships.  Basically, the message is ‘DON’T’.  The usual ‘exchanging bodily fluids causes addiction’ is overkill which is discounted by the crew.  Jake starts laughing at the next message, ‘the natives kill males that violate their females’.  Every military base and spaceport has a version of the same story:

Local girl dates solder/ officer/ spaceport personnel.  Girl gets pregnant.  Father shoots/maims/ jails solder/ officer/ spaceport personnel.  Pick which version of soldier or officer, the rationale is to inhibit fraternization.

The medic scowls at Jake and emphasizes, “We have the graves to prove it!”  This causes Jake to laugh harder.  Interrupting Jake’s amusement, a message arrives from the port commander turning Jake’s expression into a scowl.  
“The port commander invites all of us to a meeting.”  This is unexpected since Jake received the approval of the trade permits the first thing in the morning.  There are no grounds for Jake’s invitation, let alone inviting the whole crew.
When the Celeste’s crew enters the Administration building, an aide immediately approaches and offers to ‘guide’ them to the commander’s office.  The trip through the complex illustrates the feelings of the port toward traders.  The personnel ignore the traders, refusing to acknowledge their existence.  In contrast, the commander’s door is open and inviting, evidently anticipating the arrival of the crew.  Making Marissa wonder what the commander wants from them.
Commander Saldicy is a tall, dark haired female.  She rises and walks around her desk to offer each crewmember a firm handshake and smile.  The greeting of each crewmember by name shows an intense interest by the military arm of the port, alarming Marissa.  Someone matched faces to names to make the commander’s introductions individual and special. 
Subsequently, the commander accompanies the crew to a cozy arrangement of chairs in a VIP lounge with the aide offering a selection of refreshments.  Marissa observes the proceedings with a glint of suspicion but Jake’s ego inflates under the attention and Katree accepts it all as her due.
After everyone is settled with a drink the commander starts, “Let me come straight to the point.  I know you do not have a guard to complete your second trader-guard pair.  I am in a position to complete the pair by volunteering one of my personnel as the guard.” 
“What will it cost us?”  Jake eyes show a flash of wariness before greed dominates his expression. 
“Nothing at all.  The guard is to record clan interaction in order to fulfill a directive to improve port and native relations.”  The commander’s gaze remains centered on Jake indication that she knows Jake is the primary trader for the Celeste.  This is another indication that the military has detailed information on the crew increasing Marissa’s alarm. 
“A spy.”  Marissa mumbles earning Jake’s scowl and Katree’s snicker.
“No.  No!  This is strictly a sociological study that benefits the port.  We want to learn more about the natives in order to strengthen our relationship.”  Saldicy replies quickly wanting to allay suspicions of the traders.  “For this reason, we can provide travel beasts, supplies, and the contract for proper guides.  We know the local natives and can make the travel arrangements, allowing you time to secure your shuttle, select gear, and rest.  This way, with both of our efforts, you can start traveling as early as tomorrow.”
“I thought the natives delivered the trade goods to the port.  Why travel?” questions Jake.
“The natives avoid the port.  Besides, the clan villages have the best trade goods.  In a few days, the clans are having a gathering where the natives concentrate to trade.  If you are interested in the crystals, then the gathering is the best opportunity to trade for quality stones.  I would suggest traveling as soon as possible using my assistance.  If this is agreeable?”
“Deal!”  Jake growls before Marissa can make any more comments.
“Good!  The guard will meet you at the temporary quarters in the morning with the provisions.  The native guides usually wait at the front gate.”  Saldicy smiles as she shakes Jake’s hand to close the deal.
Outside Jake grabs Marissa’s arm spinning her to face him.  “Why do you want to ruin a good deal.  The provisions the commander is providing cuts the cost on this trade run.”
Marissa counters, “I do not trust the spaceport commanders who are treating us as VIP’s.  Normally, spaceport commanders do not invite traders to their office unless the traders are in major trouble.  I doubt if the captain has ever met a port commander.” 
Marissa adds.  “If a deal is too good to be true then there is a trap in it somewhere.  I do not like this.  There is too much rushing and no chance to think about repercussions.  For example, in the past our best time from orbit to trail was five days compared to this trip, one day.”
Defensively Katree interjects, “The commander said that this benefits the spaceport.” 
Quickly, Marissa points out, “Port commanders are not known for generosity by giving away provisions.  Commander Saldicy is ambitious and will do nothing to endanger a promotion by spending money on traders.  I do not see a sociological study getting enough research money to pay for this trip.”
“There is no profit without risk.  What is the alternative?  A late arrival to the trading and the leavings of others.”  Growls Jake as he walks away dismissing Marissa’s concerns.
“Why is the commander in such a hurry?  What is the commander hiding?”  Marissa demands to Jake’s back.  She cannot understand Jake’s complete acceptance with the Commander’s plans.  His greed is blinding him when he needs to be more cautious.
Katree follows Jake after glaring in Marissa’s direction.  She may not agree with Jake but she wants that special bonus promised by the captain.  Marissa is feeling pressured and has a bad feeling that this trade is not going to go smoothly.
Coming toward the traders is Gene, the cocky escort from yesterday.  His attitude has undergone a reversal projecting a friendly and courteous demeanor.  “I am to help you select gear from military supplies.” 
Leading the traders to the armory, Gene explains, “The magnetic storms destroy modern weapons.  Although the base weapons contain shielding, the prolonged and repeated exposure to the storms diminishes its effectiveness resulting in the weapons eventual failure.  So, the commander restricts the modern weapons to the military.”
Jake argues, “The weapons indicate status to the natives.  I got that from the orientation.  Why am I restricted?”
Gene commiserates with Jake.  “There is the treaty with the natives that bans modern weapons except at the spaceport.  This limits you to primitive swords and knives.”  He is enjoying Jake’s discomfort with the idea of primitive weapons.
Arriving at the armory, Gene opens a gallery with a wide selection of weapons.  Katree has no interest in the weapons, but the archery selection attracts Marissa even though she is still too weak to draw a bow.  Jake gravitates to the knives and swords and selects a knife and belt sheath.
“The weapon lends status to you but do not challenge the natives.  They are proficient in these primitive arms.”  Gene warns.  “You can take your selections with you and pack them in your gear.  The Commander only asks that you return them before you leave.”

In the morning, there is a robocart and a stranger waiting with Gene as the Celeste’s crew exits the temporary quarters.
Marissa observes, “A blue sky with few clouds and a light breeze with lots of sunshine create a good start for traveling.”  She is enjoying the warmth of the sun on her face and the breeze.
Gene warns, “There only good weather predicted for the next five days.  Temperatures are predicted to remain mild with low UV but you will need some sun protection since you just left space and have little exposure to sunshine.”  As he hands out hats like the port personnel wear, he tells the traders, “These are yours.  The commander felt it is something you would neglect to include in your gear.”
“Now, allow me to introduce Mike.  He is an anthropologist and will act as the Trader Guard to complete the trader pair with Marissa.”  Like Jake, Mike is short, broad and has the physical attributes of a native of Petain.
Marissa takes one look at the smiling Mike and wants to return to the Celeste.  She fears she is not physically ready to repulse amorous advances from a Petain.  Jake will be occupied with Katree and this will give Mike the wrong idea about Marissa.
Jake sees a possible rival in Mike.  He moves to stand toe to toe with him as he introduces Marissa blocking Mike’s gaze at Katree.  He points to Marissa, “Marissa is your trader partner.  Katree is mine.”  He shifts his weight to lean into Mike forcing Mike to take a step back.
Ignoring Jake, Mike nods to Marissa and moves to the robocart.  Mike demonstrates the robocart by dropping one side, lowering the bed to a few inches from the ground, and extending a ramp with a roller belt imbedded.  The traders slide their packs onto the ramp and easily roll them into the robocart joining Mike’s packs and the provisions for the trip.  
Everyone is thankful the commander loaned the cart.  It has saved dragging the packs to the front gate.  Katree notices the cart contains more supplies than required for a short trip.  Concerned, Katree asks.  “Is there a list of the provisions and supplies provided by the commander?  Do we have to sign for them?”
Mike quickly placates Katree, “I signed for everything provided by the commander.  There is nothing for you to sign.”
“Good, and welcome to the team.” asserts Jake, grinning he grasps Mike hand squeezing harshly attempting to assert physical dominance with the handshake.  The rivalry is established as Mike smirks, reciprocates the harsh grasp.  With neither Jake nor Mike breaking contact, Gene enjoys watching the contest. 
Rolling her eyes at male posturing, disgusted, Marissa starts walking toward the gate, “Break it up you two.  Time to get started.”
Katree hesitates while admiring both men then turns and follows Marissa.
Without an audience to feed their egos, Jake and Mike break apart allowing Mike to activate the robocart to follow him. 
Greeting the traders at the front gate are four natives accompanied by ten strange animals but no transports.  Mike and Gene seem to have known about the animal’s presence.  Gene thanks the natives for being so prompt.
Jake demands.  “Where’s our transportation.”
Gene smiles and points to the animals.  Jake stares.  Katree groans and pales closing her eyes while shaking her head as she realizes the animals are the transportation.  Marissa wonders why they are surprised.  She remembers the commander saying ‘travel beasts’ when she described the provisions.
Gene eagerly explains.  “Due to the magnetic storms destroying port transportation, you have to use the native transportation, in this case, kirtags.  I am sure the commander mentioned the travel beasts at yesterday’s meeting.”
The natives turn their backs but not before Marissa notices their amusement at everyone’s surprise and discomfort.  Gene, wanting to remove himself from a potential conflict, rapidly strides toward the administration complex leaving Mike to initialize introductions.  Introductions and initial greetings are a formal acknowledgement defining status and rank among the native males.  This is important for first meetings.  Status and rank keeps conflict between males to a minimum and is a method to help protect their females.
One native approaches Mike nodding an acknowledgement and greeting still with laughter in his eyes. 
“Trade Leader Jake claims co-operation from Chaytan.”  Mike grasps Jake’s and the native’s forearms to bring the men together.  With the wording of the introduction Jake’s position as head of the trade group is established, and Chaytan is placed in a subordinate position through the word ‘claims’.  The naming of Jake first also sets precedent in Jake’s favor.
“Trail Leader Chaytan wishes Trader Jake, good trading,” counters Chaytan.  Omitting the ‘leader’ part of Jake’s title, Chaytan sets his position as equal or above Jake when on the trail.
Jake ignores Chaytan while Mike waits for Jake to contradict Chaytan.  After an awkward pause, Mike leads Marissa to Chaytan and continues the introductions.  “Chaytan accept Trader Marissa’s words.”  Mike deliberately omits Chaytan’s title, an insult that Chaytan ignores.  His introduction limits Chaytan to general conversation with Marissa.  As trail leader, he cannot order her actions or introduce her to the other natives.
“Trader Marissa, may you have good trading.”  Chaytan’s laughing blue eyes are now hard as Chaytan watches Jake motion Katree forward.
“Chaytan accept Trader Katree’s words.”  Jake formally introduces Katree following Mikes wording.
“Trader Katree may you have good trading”.  Chaytan nods to Katree and continues with; “Trail leader Chaytan names clansmen Kangee, Mato and Enapay. “  With each native nodding as he is named.  This is not a true introduction with the attendant status and privileges. 
With that introduction, Chaytan reduces Jake and Mike’s authority, making Chaytan in charge of the natives, a brilliantly performed maneuver.  In contrast, Jake and Mike's introductions lost them status and control of the natives.  It also limits Katree and Marissa’s association to the traders and Chaytan. 
The orientation described the importance of introductions emphasizing the wording as significant in setting precedence among males.  Although described during orientation, the implementation contains implied rules that are not apparent.  Such as by using the terms ‘accept Trader Marissa’s words’, Marissa can talk with Chaytan but has no authority.  Whereas the term ‘acknowledge’, would have set Marissa’s position as an equal.  Although Marissa remembers little of the complex description concerning introductions, she feels that these were not well done.  The main point in the orientation was the importance of performing the introduction correctly.
As Chaytan rejoins the natives waiting with the kirtags, Mike grabs Jake whispering, “Fool!  You needed to restate the introduction I made for you.  Chaytan challenged your position as Trail Leader.”
“Who do you think you are calling me a fool.  I am the head of the trade group.  What are you grousing about?” questions a confused Jake.  “We exchanged names.  You were to establish my leadership with that claimed co-operation nonsense.”  Jake bristles at being called a fool.  His hand forms a fist ready to strike Mike for the offense.
“It is not nonsense to the natives.  Chaytan left out part of your title when he responded to the introduction.  That was the challenge.  It was crucial that you respond.  I could not.  I did my part.  I did leave out his title on the rest of the introductions which is a counter challenge but not a strong one.”  Mike explains while watching Chaytan gather four kirtags together.  He shrugs off the damage to the relationship with the natives.  They can rid themselves of the guides when the reach the Trade Center at Panche.
Katree finds the natives fascinating as she compares Jake and Mike to them.  The natives call the planet, Ninovan, and themselves Klarn.  The Klarn are all more than 6 feet tall with proportions more in keeping with their height than the shorter Jake.  A display of strength and flexibility ensnares Katree as she stares at the three natives unloading the robocart and strapping the packs and provision on the pack kirtags.  
The kirtags are strange looking with mostly gray shaggy coats, white rumps, their heads covered in spiral curls, no manes, no tails, and their backs level with the native’s chests.  Apparently, the Klarn designated only two kirtags to carry the traders’ packs.  A long lead rein ties the pack kirtags to the saddle of a third kirtag equipped to ride.  Ignoring the packing of the gear and provisions, Chaytan leads four kirtags toward the traders leaving two near Mike and Jake.
Stopping near Katree and Marissa, “These two kirtags are for Katree and Marissa.  They have a very calm temperament and are easy to handle with a smooth walking pace that will not tire the rider.”  Chaytan glances at Marissa and asks, “Do you know how to mount?”
“No, can you show me?”  When Marissa stands next to the kirtag, Chaytan grabs her by her waist, swings her onto the kirtag’s back, arranges her legs in the saddle, and adjusts the stirrups while laughing at her wide eyes and stiff posture.  She is happy that she did not scream in surprise at the rapid move.  Even after settling in the saddle her heart is still beating rapidly from the fright.
“You will learn by the end of the trip.”  Quips Chaytan and moves to Katree to perform the same task.
“It smells!” cries Katree with an expression of intense revulsion on her face.  She clutches the saddle with a white knuckled grip.  After watching Chaytan lift Marissa, Katree was prepared for his lifting her into the saddle.  She fears the animal can turn its head and bite or have insects infesting its hide that will bite her.
Chaytan attaches a lead rein to her kirtag, connects the other end to his saddle, and gracefully mounts his kirtag.  The lead rein is more like a thin rope than a true rein and is the same as the reins tying the pack kirtags to Enapay’s mount.
The native, Kangee, rides to where Marissa is waiting.  When he is alongside, he leans over attaches a lead rein connecting Marissa’s kirtag to his saddle.  He silently waits for the rest to mount.
With the pack kirtags’ ready, the other Klarn mount their kirtags then turn and watch Jake and Mike struggle.  After seeing everyone mounted, Chaytan turns his kirtag away from the spaceport with Katree following placidly.  Kangee glances back at Marissa then rides ahead to be alongside Katree tugging on the lead rein to start Marissa’s kirtag to follow.
Evidently, the Klarn have a pre-arranged riding order with Mato ranging ahead, and Enapay riding alongside Marissa as he leads the pack kirtags.  This arrangement left Mike and Jake trailing the group.


Chapter 3: Journey to Timberlane  

The trail has no apparent path or markings but Chaytan confidently leads the group through rolling grassland bare of trees, outcroppings, or features that could provide the traders a sense of direction.  In just a few moments, the spaceport buildings disappear.  The only view is the white rump of the kirtags, the backs of the riders in front and grass.  The grass is grey-green, short about 12 inches long and partially flattened in one direction by the wind.
Katree interrupts the quiet with a frightened, "What?"  When her kirtag suddenly stops, stretches its neck, and snatches a mouthful of grass.  It is the only warning Marissa gets before her kirtag takes advantage of the slack rein.  He stops and does the same.  This interrupts the smooth even pace that Chaytan described adding short jolts to the ride for Katree and Marissa.
The noon rest stop allows the kirtags to graze and everyone else to stretch and relax for a few minutes.  Marissa waits and watches the Klarn gracefully dismount then attempts to copy their actions.  Although the kirtag remains perfectly still, she misjudges the distance to the ground resulting in her foot slipping, losing her balance, and landing on her back with a yelp of surprise.  Jake and Mike bust out in laughter at the spectacle turning Marissa’s face red with embarrassment.
Marissa objects.  “That's not funny.”  She watches the kirtag stand complacently and begin cropping mouthfuls of grass as she gathers her courage to try to get up with some dignity. 
Jake and Mike continue to chuckle while retrieving field rations from the packs as Marissa slowly stands, dusting off her clothes.  Katree has Mato’s help dismounting and the THERP’s help that she is still wearing.  
When Marissa starts toward Jake, he throws the field rations.  “Here, Catch.”  The action surprises Marissa.  The rations hit her in the chest where the shuttle harness has bruised her. 
Marissa gasps; “Damn.” closes her eyes and crushes the rations with her fist in reaction to the pain.  A few inches to the left and the pack would have missed the bruise.
The Klarn hear Marissa's pain filled gasp, which incites Enapay to stalk toward Jake with his hands forming two massive fists.  Chaytan steps in his path roughly forcing Enapay back to rejoin the other Klarn.  With their backs turned to the Klarn, the traders miss the Klarn’s reaction and concern.
After a quick meal, Marissa observes the Klarn as they remount still hoping to imitate their action.  When Kangee spies Marissa watching, it inspires him to perform a flashy remount, a flying leap into the saddle, startling the other kirtags.  
Kangee’s grin turns to laughter at his success.  After Mato whacks Kangee’s head, Mato reprimands, “You could have fallen and injured yourself or more importantly the kirtag.” turning Kangee’s amusement to remorse.
Enapay bellows at Kangee, “Idiot.  You are disturbing the kirtags.”  Chaytan shakes his head satisfied with the discipline administered then moves to help Katree mount. 
With the Klarn pre-occupied with Kangee, Marissa remounts pulling herself up straining the muscles in her arms and causing a deep ache in her chest.  Finally, she lies across the saddle breathless.  Too late, she realizes that she provided fresh entertainment as she hears Mike snickering.  She continues to pull herself further upon the saddle until she can shift her leg over and sit upright.  Knowing the effects of her stay in cryo and the bruising from the shuttle’s harness will hamper her for weeks does not reduce the humiliating feelings the laughter creates.  Gasping, she feels proud that she mounted on her own but realizes that the strain will make the afternoon’s ride difficult.
On the trail, Chaytan releases the lead on Katree’s kirtag giving her control and allowing her to starting riding lessons.  Chaytan rides with his reins attached to his saddle leaving his hands free to guide Katree.  Marissa cannot hear his quiet instructions but Katree slowly appears to gain confidence in controlling the kirtag.  Chaytan coils the lead rein and turns in his saddle to store the rein in a small saddle pack.  He frowns in displeasure as he glances at everyone following.
Marissa, feeling self-conscious about her poor riding skill, has no sympathy for Chaytan’s displeasure in watching her slouch over the kirtag’s neck.  She has no charity left for anyone’s criticism of her riding ability.  In response to Chaytan’s frown, she mumbles, “Get over it.” and then adds, “You will learn by the end of the trip.”  The same remark that Chaytan made that morning.
Marissa watches Katree’s riding lesson for a little while then concentrates on staying in the saddle.  The muscle ache from the extended stay in cryo has reappeared.  Riding astride the kirtag is abusing her weakened muscles forcing Marissa to hunch over to grasp the saddle horn to keep in the saddle.  Every time Marissa glances at Katree sitting upright and at ease in the saddle, her anger at Captain Jerupt escalates.  
Marissa starts mumbling a new complaint, “Stupid cheapskate Captain.  One more THERP is all he had to buy.”  Her anger and pride is the only thing keeping her astride the kirtag.  She refuses to give Mike another reason to laugh at her.  By the time, the Klarn find a site for the camp, she is praying for the ride to stop.  She closes her eyes but that seems to accentuate the pain and causes her to sway in the saddle.  She is now afraid that she will slide off the kirtag.
Unable to dismount Marissa watches the Klarn unsaddle their kirtags and begin setting up the camp.  Chaytan approaches Marissa, “If you get down, I can care for the kirtag.  He has worked hard for you today.” a slight reprimand for Marissa’s lack of care for the tired animal.
Too weary to care what Chaytan thinks, Marissa starts to slide off but it rapidly deteriorates into a fall.  Her legs refuse to hold her as she collapses beside the kirtag.
“You should have told me that you needed help,” scolds a fuming Chaytan.  He pulls her onto her feet and supports her until she can stand on her own.  
Concerned that she will fall, Chaytan asks, “Can you walk?”
“Yes!”  Marissa sharply responds knowing that she is being rude and discourteous to someone trying to help.  She takes one tentative small step away from Chaytan and staggers to a stop swaying in place.  Her legs are trembling with fatigue and threatening to again collapse.
“I see that.”  Chaytan sarcastically comments.  He moves quickly placing his arm around her to support her weight and allow her the slight illusion of self-reliance.
Although, carrying her would be easier, Chaytan maintains the support until she is with the other traders in the center of the camp.  Marissa is feeling both frustrated and embarrassed at her weakness making her unreasonable to the point where she refuses to thank Chaytan for his assistance.  She is carrying more of her own weight as Chaytan releases her to sit near one of the tents.  She is angry that she is so tired and weak.  She hates that the natives will view her as a helpless female incapable of the simple task of sitting on a kirtag.  The helpless act is a game Katree likes to play.
Before Chaytan can leave, Jake confronts him demanding a campfire.
“No.  It is too dangerous.  The grass is too dry and a small spark can cause a grassfire that the winds will rapidly spread.”
Jake is not satisfied with Chaytan’s answer and retorts, “If properly made there is little chance for the fire to spread.  We have water to douse it if it starts.”
Marissa sits watching the interplay between Jake and Chaytan.  Jake, actively attempts to undermine Chaytan by questioning or arguing with every decision that Chaytan makes.  He causes an argument over the positioning of the tents, no campfire rule, and the location of the kirtag.  The final argument is about the night guards.  Chaytan wants three watches during the night comprising two men for each but excluding both Katree and Marissa.  Futilely, Jake argues for Katree and Marissa to have a watch as they would on the Celeste.  Chaytan stands quietly listening with his arms crossed and a frown marring his face.  Marissa knows that at this point she would not be quietly listening to Jake.
Chaytan shakes his head no and then walks away from a still arguing Jake. 
Marissa finds the first evening camp completely set up with two tents.  As the camp settles for the night, Mike and Mato take the first watch.  When Jake and Katree enter the first tent, Marissa is alone.  She smiles at the privacy provided by a separate tent permitting her to succumb to the exhaustion without anyone witnessing her weakness.  Her pride has taken a beating today and needs the time alone to recover.
Marissa is having difficulty sleeping with her muscles aching from the ride.  Thus later that night, when an intruder crawls into Marissa’s tent, she is easily awakened.  The low opening of the tent’s flap leaves him vulnerable, letting Marissa grab the nearest object and begin banging him repeatedly on the head.  “Get out!  Get out!” 
“I’m your guard.”  Mike yells back. 
“It’s my tent.  Get your own.  Get out!”  She lowers her weapon finding that she holds her boot.  She calms a little as she realizes that Mike is the intruder.
Mike grabs her crushing her wrist until she drops the boot.  "DAMN YOU!"  He yanks her arm dragging her out of the tent then raises his fist.  A large hand grabs his arm forcing him around to face an irate Chaytan.  “Let her go.  What is going on?”  Chaytan demands.
“She hit me!  Cut me.”  Mike wipes the blood from his head.
“He entered my tent,” Marissa complains glaring daggers at Mike. 
“We are a trader pair.  I am supposed to be in the tent.”  Sullenly replies Mike trying to pull his arm out of Chaytan’s grasp.
“The Guard is to sleep outside the tent entrance to protect.  This you should know.  Marissa, go to bed.  This does not concern you.”  Chaytan is disgusted as he releases Mike.
“You can’t order her, she is my trader.”  Incensed, Mike backs away from Chaytan toward the tent that Jake and Katree are using. 
Jake is standing outside the tent glaring at Chaytan.  “Mike is a trader.  I give him orders.”
Chaytan supplies the only reason that the traders might accept for his interference.  “The female Traders are to be honored and protected.  The clans judge a Trader Guard as dishonorable if he harms or allows harm to any trader.  Your ability to trade is dependent on the other clans’ respect and opinion.  If you do not respect and honor your trader then the clans believe you will not be honorable in your dealings with them.  The Trader Marissa wants to sleep alone then her wishes are to be respected.”  With that statement, Chaytan leaves the traders.
Watching Chaytan leave reassures Jake that there will be no further interference from the natives; Jake decides his best reaction is to push the focus onto Marissa.  “Mike, you may as well sleep outside the tent.  Marissa is an unnatural female.  You would have to sleep with one eye open to keep her from taking a trophy.”  With that as his parting remark and condemnation of Marissa, Jake re-enters the tent he shares with Katree. 
In the morning after no further disturbances during the night, Marissa starts to carry her pack to the kirtags, when a large hand grabs the strap and pulls the pack out of her hands.  Next, she sees a retreating back with her pack slung over a shoulder.
Chaytan orders from behind her “Leave the loading of the packs to Kangee, Mato, or Enapay.  They will see when the pack is ready and take it to the kirtags.  “Come.  I’ll see you mounted.”
“I can take care of my own pack.”  As she turns to Chaytan, she finds him walking away toward the riding mounts.
With his back to Marissa, Chaytan concedes, “If they are not here, you may do so.”  He unties a mount then leads it to stand next to Marissa.
As Marissa grips the saddle to remount, a pair of hands grabs her waist, twists her around, and lifts her into the saddle repeating her first mounting from yesterday morning.
“I do NOT like being man handled!”  Marissa reprimands although she comprehends that this is better than the inelegant performance from yesterday afternoon. 
“This will not be necessary when you can mount and dismount with out injury.”  Chaytan infuriates Marissa with the implied criticism of her capabilities.  As she turns to glare at Chaytan wanting to tell him that she is capable of mounting the kirtag by herself, she finds Chaytan already astride his kirtag frowning at Mike and Jake.  Marissa’s anger increases as she sees that Chaytan has already dismissed her just as Jake constantly does.
With everyone mounted, Mato leads the group out.
Jake quickly inserts his kirtag behind Mato bringing Mike to ride beside him.  “I am Trade Leader.  I am riding here.  I will not eat dust again today.”  The Klarn shake their heads at the obvious lie to justify positioning.  Yesterday was a pleasant journey with the thick grasses keeping the trail from being dusty. 
The riding order has changed.  Katree is riding without a lead rein alongside Kangee who is following behind Mike and Jake.  Chaytan ties to his saddle the lead rein from Marissa’s kirtag forcing her kirtag to follow him.  Enapay and the pack kirtags are last.
After the kirtags have settled into the pace set for the morning, Chaytan drops back, removes the lead rain from Marissa’s kirtag, and hands her a pair of gloves.  With the reins of his kirtag tied to his saddle, Chaytan guides his kirtag with his knees then proceeds to instruct Marissa on how to hold the reins, stop, start, and turn.
After seeing that Marissa has learned the basics in controlling and guiding the kirtag, Chaytan tentatively inquires, “Trader Marissa, why does Katree have a different cloak than you?”  He tries not to give offense as he watches her practice controlling her mount.
Marissa realizes that Chaytan is referring to the THERP as a cloak.  “That is a special cloak for Katree because she is the weakest.  It gives her support and strength.”  Marissa does not add that the extended stay in cryo increased the weakness, recovery time and that she should be using a THERP. 
“You did not answer the question.  You tire easily after only a light days riding.  Why do you not have a special cloak?  You are too weak to mount and dismount a kirtag but do not wear such an aid.”  Chaytan continues to probe.
“There is only the one available.  I want to thank you for the riding lessons.  Is there more you can show me?”  Marissa hopes to change the topic of Chaytan’s questioning.  The lack of the THERP is a sore topic for Marissa.  Moreover, she does not want to encourage the natives into the same indifferent attitude as her crewmates.
“The others show you little concern or consideration.  Are you not of the same clan?”  Chaytan persists.
“Will you be giving Jake riding lessons next?”  Counters Marissa as she ignores Chaytan’s question, which shows the natives noticed Jake’s indifference toward her that boarders on contempt.
“No.” abruptly answers Chaytan finding Marissa’s avoidance of the question frustrating his efforts to gather intelligence.
“Why?” demands Marissa feeling as if she has stepped into a minefield, not sure Chaytan will answer. 
“Mike has already done this.”  Chaytan shows a hint of increasing anger.
“Why are you irritated with me?  Am I not doing this right?”  As Marissa studies the reins then glances at Chaytan sure that the questions are causing his reaction.
“No, you have learned well.  The anger is not aimed at you but your Trader Guard.”  Calmly replies Chaytan suppressing his irritation.
“Are you still angry from last night when Jake argued with you about Mike?”  Marissa tries to discover the cause of Chaytan’s anger at Mike and Jake.
“No.” sighs Chaytan hoping his reluctance will end the question and avoid listing the faults of the other traders and members of her clan.
“Then why?” demands Marissa wanting to understand the tension in the camp and on the trail.  Perhaps she can then defuse the rising tension and animosity between the traders and the natives.
Chaytan realizes that fortune is not favoring him enough to avoid answering but that Marissa managed to avoid his question.  “It is Mike’s and Jake’s duty to their Traders to see that you learn to ride.  Instead, Mike taught Jake.”
“Jake did not know how to ride let alone teach.”
Not accepting Marissa's excuse, Chaytan points out, “Again this morning, he did not try to help you mount.  If they could not do the teaching then their duty is to find another to do so.  They did not find another but left you still using a lead rein.  Both failed to ensure that you and Katree could ride.  His lack has put you in danger.”  His irritation with Jake and Mike renews with the recitation.
“I have not seen any danger.  The ride is boring and the pace slow.” observes Marissa.
“The trail ahead becomes dangerous then we cannot use the lead reins.  It is best to learn now while the riding is easy so you do not fall later.”  Reminded of Marissa’s falls, Chaytan commands, “You will wait for aid to mount and dismount.”  Chaytan realizes that he has violated the protocol and restrictions imposed by the introductions.  He cannot command Marissa as he just did.  Giving into his anger at himself, he gallops ahead to join Mato and ends the lesson.
The riding lessons eliminated the casual cropping of the grass by the kirtags making a faster pace in the afternoon.  The pace seems to increase the Klarn's alertness as they all search the ground closely.
Ignoring the Klarn's wariness, Mike and Jake suddenly bolt at a fast gallop toward the next rise, whooping in delight while kicking their kirtags to run faster.  Chaytan shouts for them to stop as everyone halts to watch the impromptu race with Katree laughing and encouraging both racers.  
The kirtags are running neck to neck with the riders legs nearly brushing against each other.  Nearing the hill's crest, the kirtags collide causing Jake’s kirtag to stumble and Jake to tumble to the ground.  Katree hoots and claps as Mike turns at the crest bellowing his victory with his arms raised into the air.  Jake remains sprawled on the grass and his kirtag staggers to a halt. 
Chaytan commands Marissa and Katree, “Stay here.”
Enapay drops the reins to the pack kirtag and rides with Chaytan who is heading for the fallen Jake.  While Chaytan continues to where Jake lays, Enapay stops to tend the kirtag.  Chaytan dismounts as Jake recovers enough to sit.
“Are you hurt?” with anger infusing a note of loathing into Chaytan’s question.  
Jake reads his wristband.  He sighs in relief seeing the pulsing lights blinking yellow for fair health.  “No, mostly bruised pride.  I was winning!” declares Jake as he glares at Mike and then Chaytan.
Enapay approaches leading the still limping kirtag.  “Fools!  You could have killed the kirtag and may have lamed it.” 
Jake bristles at the accusation.  “The animal deliberately threw me!  It’s not my fault that it’s lame.”
Mike arrives with the euphoria of victory and gloats, “The better rider won!”
“You act like irresponsible youths.”  Chaytan condemns their actions, aware that neither regrets injuring the kirtag.
Affronted Jake retorts, “There is nothing wrong with a little fun and competition.  We were testing who has the best kirtag and is the best rider.” 
“Did you not see the darriet homes, the holes in the ground that trip kirtags.  We have been traveling around their villages to avoid a kirtag stumbling into a hole.”  Chaytan points to a dirt mound just beyond where Jake sits.
Jake stiffly stands rubbing his right leg, limping toward his kirtag and mumbling about ignorant savages. 
Enapay steps in front of Jake.  “The kirtag can not be ridden.”
“I am not walking” Jake pauses, turns to Mike for support and sputters.  “I am sore from the beast throwing me.  You can not expect me to walk to Timberlane.”
Jake refusing to allow the Klarn to decide the matter and knowing that the Klarn will not obey his orders turns to Marissa.  “Give me your kirtag and ride double with Katree.”
Enapay starts to object as he looks to Chaytan who shakes his head trying to defuse tempers and stop a confrontation.  Enapay is protective toward the kirtags and hates seeing them injured and abused.
Jake, seeing Chaytan and Enapay's disapproving expressions, justifies his decision with, “Marissa keeps falling off her kirtag.  This will be a better arrangement since Katree can keep her from falling.”  Jake alludes back to the disastrous dismounting from yesterday.
Later as evening approaches, Chaytan signals everyone to dismount and beckons them to walk forward.  “Careful!  The ground is not stable.  Look to the right.”
The grasslands abruptly end with steep cuts, ravines, and canyons formed by eroded slopes supporting no vegetation.  This is a stark and striking harsh landscape comprising of pinnacles and bluffs created by centuries of wind and water erosion.  The setting sun makes the green, yellow, maroon, and gray striations into an astonishingly beautiful view with no apparent way down. 
“Kangee searches for a safe trail down.  He hunts here with his grandfather and knows the trails in the area.  We sleep here tonight and in the low plains tomorrow.”  Chaytan reveals the plans for the next day.
The next morning, Chaytan gathers everyone together to warn, “The trail down is dangerous covered in places with loose soil, deep sand and slick clays.  Enapay will be in command of the journey.  He sets the pace, rest stops and sequence of travelers.” 
Enapay begins.  “The pack kirtags are going first after the packs are redistributed to the other kirtags.  We are not riding.  We are walking and leading the kirtags with everyone leading one kirtag.  Kangee will follow me with the lame kirtag.  Chaytan will arrange the sequence to follow.”  Enapay deftly returns the responsibility back to Chaytan. 
Marissa glances at Mike and Jake finding them resentful but quiet.  Perhaps yesterday’s accident taught them some discretion and caution.
Chaytan starts, “I want an experienced rider next in line to each trader.” 
Jake and Mike stiffen in insult but surprisingly again they say nothing as Chaytan lists the order to be followed, “Katree will go after Kangee.  Next Jake, myself, then Mike, Marissa, and last Mato. 
Kangee adds to the warning.  “The trail is steep and narrow with new gaps cut by recent rains.  The new gaps are the most unstable where footing is easily lost even for the kirtag.  In a few places, we will travel only in a single file.  It will take most of the day to reach the bottom.  Do not try to hurry.”
The other Klarn shift the packs, while Enapay inspects and cleans all the kirtag’s legs and hooves.
Marissa’s curiosity drives her to ask Chaytan.  “What is Enapay doing?”  
“The kirtags have a semi-sticky part on the back of their hooves that makes them stable when climbing over rocky terrain.  Enapay is checking that all are in good shape and not damaged.”  He smiles to take the sting out of the next remark.  “Before you ask ‘why’, the kirtags are essential in clambering down the trail.  You will see at the first gap in the trail.”
Kangee tells Chaytan, using his native language.  “She will have little trouble.  She is bottom heavy.” as the Klarn heartily laugh. 
Mato adds, “Nicely top heavy too.” 
“What did they say?”  Marissa wants to know the joke.
“They are describing the weather,” Chaytan lies eliciting more chuckles.
“Bravely done.”  Whispers Enapay as he passes Chaytan.
Suspecting that she is the brunt of the joke, Marissa returns to Enapay’s duties.  “Why is Enapay in command of the journey?” 
Chaytan tries to stifle his laughter but chuckles, “You got your ‘Why’ said anyway.  Enapay is the best at handling the kirtags.  Now, it is time to get started.”
The group starts down.  At the first gap to cross, Chaytan has the traders shift positions to watch.  Enapay ties a lead rein to the saddle, holds the opposite end, and sends the kirtag across the gap.  The kirtag scrambles to safety moving its hooves independently of each other, which grants it an advantage to gain a secure purchase on the unstable terrain.  Once secure on the opposite side, the kirtag halts, stands perfectly still, and waits.  
Enapay tightly attaches the rein he is holding to the second kirtag looping and cinching the rein on the saddle then walking the kirtag back stretching the rein taut.  Next, he uses a harness to slide along the rein to the other side.  Kangee releases the rein for Enapay to retract then sends the lame kirtag across so that Enapay can take both kirtags and move down the trail. 
Before Kangee repeats Enapay’s performance, he secures Katree into a harness.  After he is across, Kangee takes his kirtag down the trail but returns to check if Katree needs help.  He finds that Katree is already across and teasing Jake on being slow. 
Chaytan singles out Marissa for additional instruction.  “After you cross, Mato will cross and give you a rein to use at the next gap.  Mato will use your rein to bring his mount across the gap.  Do you understand?” 
Marissa nods, “Yes, I do not release the rein until Mato is across.  Mato retrieves his kirtag after crossing.”  Mato is the last to cross resulting in the slight difference in the crossing method.  The training, demonstrated by the cooperation between the kirtag and Klarn, amazes Marissa.  She wonders how long it takes to train a kirtag to jump a gap, immediately stop, and then stand still keeping the rein taut.
This first gap takes the longest for everyone to cross even though it is the smallest.  It is training for the more difficult gaps on the narrowest portion of the trail.  By late afternoon, all the traders are feeling the strain from crossing gaps and the downward slope.  Marissa is glad that the trail is not ascending where they would have to pull their weight across the gaps.  Where the trail is wide enough, she hangs on the saddle forcing the kirtag to carry some of her weight as she walks.  She is moving slower and falling well behind the others. 
As Marissa brings her kirtag forward to where Mike is impatiently waiting for her kirtag, he brags, “I tire of this slow pace.  I know a faster way to get across and will not have to wait for you.  These natives are not so smart.  Watch me.”
Marissa watches in open-mouthed shock as he laughs, uses the rein to swing across, and walks up the opposite side of the gully like a mountain climber.  It was faster but Mike did not notice the kirtag stagger and take a backward step as Mike’s weight jerked the rein taut.  Mike raises his fists in a short gleeful victory dance and without looking back quickly moves down the trail.  Marissa wearily shakes her head not having the energy even to be bothered about Mike’s antics and prepares to cross. 
At the next and hopefully the last crossing, Marissa watches from a distance up the trail as Mike rappels across the gap.  His weight and momentum wrenches hard on the rein causing the kirtag to stagger and turn sideways as Mike reaches the opposite side.  He crashes hard into the gully with one leg receiving all the impact.  He drops a few feet scraping down the wall as he screams in pain.  The scream brings Mato sliding around Marissa’s kirtag at a run.  After a quick glance at Mike dangling at the end of the rein, Mato emits a piercing whistle.  By the time, Marissa finally arrives at the gap, Chaytan has returned from down the trail. 
Mato and Chaytan talk for few minutes in their native language then Chaytan leads Mike’s kirtag down the trail pulling Mike up and away from the gully.  Initially, Mike starts swearing which changes into more screams then silence.  Mato sends Marissa’s kirtag across then he crosses to help Chaytan. 
Marissa notices that Mike is quiet and not moving.  “Do you want me to cross?”  Thinking she might help.
“No, loosen the reins.”  Chaytan commands as Mato searches the packs pulling out the tent poles and rope. 
Mike groans and then screams when Chaytan moves Mike’s leg.  The tent poles form a temporary splint to immobilize Mike’s leg.  Chaytan and Mato have a short discussion then create a sling from a tent and sleeping bag also extracted from the packs.  After tying Mike into the sling, Mato leads Mike’s kirtag away dragging a screaming and cursing Mike along.  
Chaytan tightens the reins between the two kirtags and turns to Marissa, “Come.”  He then watches Marissa struggle across the gap in the trail.  Finally, he brings the last kirtag across.
“Did you not tighten the rein?” accuses Chaytan clenching his jaw with disapproval etched into his face.
“No, Mike did not wait, he tried to swing across.  The kirtag staggered and Mike hit the gully wall.”  Marissa angrily retorts tears flooding her eyes as she turns away from Chaytan feeling hurt that he blames her for the accident.  She is too tired for more drama and augments.
Chaytan turns to Mato’s kirtag retrieving a flask that he hands to Marissa.  “You are too tired.  Drink.”
“How is Mike?” inquires Marissa stiffly as she takes a sip before realizing that it does not contain water.  She tries to hand the flask back to Chaytan.
Chaytan refuses the flask and repeats, “Drink.  You need to drink more of the fylar juice.  It will restore and return a little strength.  I do not want to tie you to a kirtag when you no longer can walk.  We still have far to go before we can camp.”
Marissa is a little miffed at his threat, sips the fylar juice, and repeats, “Mike?” 
Giving her time to drink the juice, Chaytan waits before answering.  “His leg might be broken.  We will have Enapay check it when we reach the camp.”
There are no more gaps and gullies to cross but it is night before Mato, Mike, Marissa and Chaytan reach the camp.  When Jake spots Mike in the sling, he turns on Marissa, “Have you killed him?”
“He lives.”  Chaytan answers instead.  Marissa too shocked by Jake’s accusation to form a coherent reply.
“Then that incompetent, man-hating, lover of other females has caused him to be nearly killed.”  Jake replies angrily.
“She is not at fault,” Chaytan calmly asserts not looking at Marissa but she still feels his censure for the accident.
“Then who?” demands Jake.
“We will find out after he is seen to.  Are you going to help or argue?”  Chaytan turns to summon Enapay and Kangee, at the same time Jake stalks off.
Enapay examines Mike’s leg and informs Chaytan, “Two bones in the lower leg are broken.”  After Kangee and Chaytan clean the cuts, scrapes and gouges, Mike wakes moaning in pain.  He glances at his wristband seeing red and yellow lights, bad health indicators.  “Am I going to die?”
“No,” Chaytan assures him.  “Your leg is broken.”
“I need pain Meds!  I need Medical!”  Mike begs.
“You will get the medication after you tell me how you were hurt.”  Chaytan probes, “Did the rein come loose from Marissa’s kirtag?”
“No,” The pain reduces Mike to unthinking one-word responses.
“Was Marissa there?” quietly prods Chaytan.
“No,”
“How did you get across?”  Chaytan demands.
“Swung across.  Faster.” gasps Mike.
“Enapay, get Kangee.  It is time to set the leg.”  Chaytan asserts appalled by Mike’s admission.
“I need Medical!”  Mike screams.  He spies Jake and pleads, “Jake, I need pain meds.”
“What are you doing?”  Jake challenges Chaytan.
“We must pull and set the bones in his leg then fasten the leg so it does not move.  The leg can not remain as it is now,” claims Chaytan. 
Jake observes as Enapay pulls the leg straight with Chaytan and Kangee restraining Mike from thrashing.  Thankfully, Mike screams once then faints.  Chaytan and Enapay quickly wrap the leg onto the splint.
“He needs to sleep in a tent.”  Jake insists.  “Marissa can nurse him,” 
An irritated Chaytan explains, “Dragging him here destroyed the tent.  Unless you give him your tent, there is no tent.  Marissa sleeps.  Mato has not been able to awaken her even to eat.”  
Chaytan asks.  “Do you have the pain meds he cries for?”
Jake retrieves the medication from his pack, and then joins Katree in her tent ignoring Mike and not even looking for Marissa.
Chaytan stares unseeingly at Mike as he considers the problems the accident has created.  The first problem is the trader pair, Mike and Marissa.  Mike can no longer perform his duties as the Trader Guard.  Chaytan knows he will have to temporarily replace Mike as the Trader Guard, since the other Klarn were not introduced and thus by custom they may not talk with Marissa.  For some reason that Chaytan does not understand, Jake dislikes Marissa as shown by his accusations and neglect, a problem that is not his to solve.  Chaytan is proud that the clans do not behave so savagely.
Although Enapay has the responsibility of the kirtags, he also has the patience for attending Mike who cries like an unweaned babe.  Chaytan decides to reassign Enapay’s responsibilities among the other Klarn freeing him to attend Mike.  This will cost him a personal debt to Enapay.  Until they reach Timberlane, Mike cannot be sent to the spaceport medical facility.  Sending Mike to the spaceport is a problem to solve when they arrive at Timberlane. 
The easiest problem is the night watch.  If Chaytan does not include Jake, the watches can be two hours each using only the Klarn.  Chaytan accepts that he is avoiding another conflict with Jake.
With the immediate problem of the night watch resolved, Chaytan remembers Wanahton telling him this was a simple trip to the spaceport and back.  When he sees Wanahton, Chaytan wants to ask him to describe a difficult journey.  With that thought, Chaytan rouses from his contemplation, leaves Mike, and joins the Klarn to assigned duties for the night and the next day.
Marissa wakes to a gnawing hunger aggravated by a delicious aroma reminding her of barbecue from her childhood.  The breeze blows the delectable sent away rousing Marissa.  As she opens her eyes in search of the source, she discovers that she slept in the open on a mat of blankets stacked to soften the hard ground.  Turning her head to the left, she finds Chaytan crouching next to her, holding a small slice of roasted meat.  Tempted to grab the meat, she searches for the other traders while hoping they are still in their tents.  She knows they disapprove of native foods.  What she finds is almost everyone ready to leave.  Heartily disappointed Marissa starts to complain giving Chaytan an opening to slip the meat between her lips.  She barely has time to savor the bit, when Chaytan announces, “Time to leave.” as he straightens and picks her up in one motion.
“You ride with me.”  Chaytan informs Marisa, lifting her to his kirtag’s back.  Marissa is still too tired to protest.  She watches Kangee grabs her sleeping bag along with the blankets that made up her bed.  He packs them before mounting his kirtag.
The journey is at a slow easy pace that is consistent with minimizing Mike’s pain.  The traders arrive at Timberlane, their destination, by nightfall tired more from Mike’s complaints and whining than the ride.


Chapter 4: Timberlane  

The trader party has been skirting along the base of the bluffs when a wide canyon opens in the rugged rock face.  Lush green meadows and fields fill the canyon with a stream meandering through the center looking like an extension of the lower plains rather than a part of the rougher bluffs and gullies they had just descended.  The Klarn follow the stream to the head of the canyon where Timberlane fills a hillside.  The houses are set in tiers like a wedding cake with a switchback road meandering up to a larger complex.  At the foot of the hillside, there are large pens and pastures for the kirtags.  They head toward the largest structure at the bottom of the hill.
Several natives are standing outside the structure apparently waiting as if expecting or having noticed the arrivals.  Leaving the kirtags and packs for the natives to unload, Chaytan climbs the road to the complex at the top leading the traders with Mike still tied to a kirtag.  The traders are a curiosity to the residents of Timberlane; many stop and stare at Marissa and Katree who are still wearing their space uniforms.
As Chaytan draws near to the last building, Chaytan calls out to an older native with straw color hair, “Shalo!  Clan leader Wanahton.”
“Shalo, Chaytan.  Who have you brought to my clan?” greets the native using the spaceport trader language after glancing at the group lagging behind Chaytan.  Wanahton is dressed similar to all the other Klarn that the traders have met with long grey trousers, short boots, and plain long sleeved shirt.  The clothing appears to be work attire not the dress expected of a clan leader as the title suggests.  The difference is the addition of a tunic trimmed in bright embroidery along the front closure that denotes the clan and close affiliations.  The spaceport orientation talked about the tunics but this is the first the traders have seen.
Chaytan makes the formal introductions, “Clan Leader Wanahton acknowledge Trade Leader Jake and Trader Katree.” 
Wanahton nods to Jake and Katree and waits for Chaytan to finish.
“Clan Leader Wanahton acknowledge Trader Guard Mike and Trader Marissa.
I request an open hearth and clan protection for traders that offer goods from far places.”  Chaytan's introduction places Jake and Katree on equal footing with Wanahton attaching to Wanahton an obligation for room and board. 
“Welcome to my hearth, traders,” Wanahton comes back with a limited acceptance of the traders.  “Talk of trade is for the new day but a healer’s care is shown to all.  Do you need assistance with your injured?”  Wanahton gestures to Mike.  The greeting does not extend clan protection to the traders but completes the formalities.
“Assistance to a bed and a healer” responds Chaytan as he turns to remove Mike from the kirtag.
Wanahton opens a door and barks a command in the native language.  Soon two youths exit the house with one going to aid Chaytan and the other attending to the kirtag.  Chaytan and Mike disappear into the house.  Wanahton motions the rest of the party to follow him into a large room with a dark haired woman waiting.
“Clan Leader Matre Zonta, acknowledge Trader Guard Jake and traders Katree and Marissa.  Welcome the far travelers to our hearth.  A healer is required for an injured Trader Guard.  Comfort is needed for the traders tonight and trading for tomorrow,” Wanahton introduces his wife to Jake and lets her know the visitors are to have room and board.
“Do you wish a meal now or later?” offers Zonta smiling at the traders.
“No meal.”  Katree shudders at the thought. 
Chaytan enters the room and in the native language smirks, “They believe their own is superior and will only eat what they have brought.”  Switching to the trader language he continues, “Is the offer open to clan who have come late or must we suffer until morning?”
“I have guests to attend,” admonishes Zonta.  “You are neither mindless nor infirm.  You can see to your own welfare.”  Laughing Chaytan turns to Wanahton with a raised eyebrow.
Looking at the traders Zonta asks, “Will any be staying together as one?”
“No.”  Katree responds producing a grimace from Jake.
“Then, I will show you to your rooms.  Your possessions will be brought there.”  Zonta exits the room with the traders following leaving Wanahton and Chaytan alone to talk.
“I did not expect you to return with traders.”  Wanahton comments as he watches Chaytan.
“The commander wanted a guide to Panche for these traders.  I agreed to guide but did not specify where I would guide.”  Chaytan explains with a wicked grin.
Thoughtfully Wanahton studies the situation.  “Traders do not usually probe and push to go where there is no profit.  Panche is an industry center, not a trade center and a waste of traders’ time to go to there.  These have the aura of the traders but perhaps the commander does not understand where the traders need to go.  You said the commander wanted them guided to Panche.”
Frowning, Chaytan disagrees, “The commander knew where she wanted the traders to journey.  That offworlder has a great interest in Panche.  I do not trust any of them.  The traders have the trader aura but there is a wrongness about it.” 
Zonta enters stirring Chaytan to address her, “Can you have the healer examine Marissa?”
“No one said she was injured.”  Zonta lightly protests a perceived criticism of her hospitality. 
“She tires too easily,” grumbles Chaytan.
Zonta gazes appraisingly at Chaytan.  Wanahton looks amused at his Matre.  “You are causing my Matre to scheme and plot with your obvious concern for the trader.”
“It is just common caring for a traveler.”  Chaytan quickly refutes.
Zonta responds smiling at Chaytan, “Perhaps the healer should see them all?” as she leaves to comply with Chaytan’s request.
Later the healer reports to Wanahton, Zonta, and Chaytan, “Two of the traders are weak like someone recovering from a long illness.  I cannot tell much more from the slight contact.  You wanted me to be discrete.”  Exasperation entering her voice, she continues, “The traders mock my skills.” 
Zonta interjects trying to sooth the offended healer, “You have done well.  The traders believe that their ways are best.  Their blindness deprives them of knowledge and is a weakness that we have exploited in the past.”
Barely appeased the healer continues her report, “Mike is not weak as the others, but the leg is broken.  The healing has started and is progressing well.  I must compliment Chaytan and his team on excellent first aid.  They left me nothing to do.”
Chaytan responds, “Thank you.  I will tell the team.  They will be proud that a healer complimented their work.” 
Turning to Zonta with a grim expression, the healer demands, “Before I go on to Marissa, I must insist that you assign none of the younger apprentices or women to care for the trader Mike.  Besides rebuffing my aid and barely tolerating my touch, he requested inappropriate personal services.  Additionally, there is a wrongness about the group that I do not understand.”
Quickly Zonta reassures the healer, “Only clan members that have experience dealing with the spaceport personnel are to have contact with the traders.  We are very much aware of the problems.  I realize that this has been difficult for you.”
Satisfied that Zonta is acceding to her demand, the healer adds, “Unlike the other traders, Marissa reacts as if she feels my questing Touch and senses the healing energy.  Marissa’s weakness is not as great as the other female.”  Amusement lightens the healer’s face when she points out “Marissa also has a great inner strength which will bring about much annoyance to a clan leader and Metsar.”  
Chaytan laughs at that observation.  “She is stubborn to the point of foolishness.  She tires herself performing tasks when there are others better able to help.”
Wanahton remarks to Chaytan, “The healer also talks about a ‘wrongness’ as you did.  Her wording is very similar to yours.  Even without both of your observations, I have seen to it that they are closely watched.”
In her room, Marissa finds herself tired but unwilling to sleep.  Not wanting to disturb anyone, she leaves her room and quietly listens in the hall hearing mumbling behind the next door.  Encouraged she raises her hand to knock when from the other side of the door she hears Mike loudly shout, “WRONG!”  Then a slight pause as if he is listening then continues, “I want transport now!”
Marissa waits thinking she may need to get Mike help, if he is delirious, when Mike angrily demands, “Get that corporate shuttle.  If they want crystals and recordings, they will deliver.  You have this signal location.  There is a large valley where a shuttle can set down.”
Marissa realizes that she is listening to half a conversation between Mike and another.  Mike must have a portable communication set.  “Damn the treaty!  Tell the commander, I want to be in medical tomorrow.  I need medical attention to heal and recover or I will not be continuing with the trade group.  I have seen nothing in controls or equipment that we have not seen before.  Everything so far has been primitive and manual.  I need to be at an industrial complex when the magnetic storms begin.” 
Another pause as Marissa lowers her hand then Mike sneers, “Are you going to tell the natives that the shuttle came from space.”  Mike then snickers as he apparently is listening to a response. 
Mike waits and then whines, “Well, this is an emergency.  I need medical attention.  I do not care that a storm might crash the transport.  You know what is at stake here and who is paying.  We all have a stake in this project and its success.  No, the traders do not suspect anything.  Just get me relief so that I can do my job.”  
Marissa feeling uncomfortable eavesdropping and not wanting to be caught, starts to leave but pauses when she hears, “Yes.  The traders are greedy and with four, the chances are better.”  The only traders are Jake, Katree, and Marissa.  Marissa speculates that this is about more than trade as Mike informs the listener, “Return me the next day with the healed leg that ought to distract the natives from a little treaty breach.  If not, then ignore the complaint.  If everything goes as planned the treaty will not matter.”
Marissa backs away from Mike’s door and is thankful that he cannot walk.  She continues down the hall finally hearing the murmur of voices, one male, and one female.  Knocking quickly, Marissa waits staring at the rough wooden door.  As Jake opens the door, Marissa spies Katree sitting on the bed eating field rations.
“Going to join us.” more of a statement that question from Jake as he moves out of the doorway.  
Marissa’s enters, stands near Katree, and asks, “Did you know that Mike has a portable com?”
Offhandedly Jake replies, “Yes.  He is calling for a transport,” as he closes the door behind Marissa.
With Jake not meeting Marissa’s eyes, she reluctantly asks, “Why not call last night or this morning?”
Katree looks up and explains, “The satellite is available only for short periods because the magnetic storms are about to start.” an explanation that must have come from Mike.  The traders do not use military procedures or secure satellites like those that orbit Scheralt.
Quietly Marissa confides, “Mike was talking about more than a pickup.  He was talking about breaking the treaty.”  She is worried that the traders and Mike comprise four offworlders amongst a planet full of Klarn.
Moving closer to Marissa, a disbelieving Jake admonishes, “You cannot have heard right.  You said you were in the hall and these doors are thick.  No one wants trouble with the natives.” 
Backing away from Jake, Marissa defends what she overheard.  “Mike was asking about the corporate shuttle to land.  Think about the damage that a landing will do to those fields and meadows.  How happy do you think our hosts will be with us?”  She spreads her hands in a pleading gesture.
Tired of the bickering between Marissa and Jake, Katree tries to end the discussion by chiding Marissa, “You have been suspicious about everyone on our journey; Commander Saldicy, Gene, Mike, Captain Jerupt and now an unknown corporation.  You need to relax.” 
Firmly, Marissa asserts, “I know what I heard and Mike’s door was not completely closed.  He was angry and loud.”
“We can ask Mike,” Jake declares as he ushers Katree and Marissa to Mike’s room.  When he knocks, the door pushes easily open.  Obviously, it was partially open.
Jake with a sheepish expression recounts what Marissa overheard.  A momentary flash of guilt and annoyances crosses Mike’s face, then he give the impression of being thoughtful and deeply concerned.  “I called for transport not a corporate shuttle.”  Then he adds with a slight frown, “I can understand how you would misinterpret what was said.  I was using military jargon that asks for a military corpsman to ship on the transport.  The door would muffle and distort the sound where it is easily mistaken.”
Displaying a roguish air, Mike continues, “I will admit that the operator is a good friend and we were discussing a diplomatic simulation we both must complete for promotion points.  The commander will discipline us, if we are discovered using the com for that.  Marissa probably heard that part of the transmission.”  
Jake smiles at Mike’s smooth explanation, Katree looks relieved, and Marisa is unconvinced but knows it is futile to pursue it.  Marissa returns to her room shaking head at the blind trust that Jake and Katree have in Mike and the commander. 
After rising in the morning, Zonta gathers the traders in a large meeting room where she displays her samples for trade.  Katree and Marisa each use a separate table to display trade samples.  This is good practice for implementing the native trade protocols.  With Jake standing behind Katree and Wanahton behind Zonta, Marissa is surprised when Chaytan stands behind her as her Trader Guard.
Zonta as host presents her crystals each with an assay report and certification along with samples of the agricultural products.  Next Katree presents the ore samples with certification and eliminates Zonta’s agricultural products as having no interest to Katree as a possible trade.  Lastly, Marissa presents her ore samples with the addition of Castian silk.  She also eliminates agricultural products from the trade.
The formal presentation is finished and the true trade discussions start with Zonta expressing her desire for the silk but not for the ore.  This eliminates Jake and Katree from the trading.
Jake eyes Marissa’s silk with fury.  He wanted the silk trade but the merchants refused to speak with him after his initial contact.  His failure to obtain any silk was humiliating and made worse when Marissa made her trade.  He asked to see the best silk and pointed out the flaws in order to negotiate a lower price.  Marissa practically drooled over the silk, a bad practice in trade negotiation.  She asked for the lowest grade, pointed out its best features and then told the merchant who would be interested in the various grades based on the silks features.  As a technician, she does not have the skill to negotiate a good trade.  He knows she paid too much for that bit of silk because she let the merchant see her desire to obtain the silk.
Today, Marissa is required to trade for blue and red crystals that Zonta does not have.  It is a disappointing morning for all parties.
Sighing Zonta enviously eyes the silk as she advises the traders, “Trade will be better at Dansk where there are multiple markets.  I trade in two different markets, crystals and agriculture.  You would be trading in the metal and crystal markets but the silk is special.  I would suggest the weavers or use it as an enticement to close a trade.”
Marissa reluctantly explains, “The silk is mine not the Celeste’s.  I am looking for an unusual but small item to trade that may have little value here but would be a curiosity and garner a large profit on another planet.  The amount of silk traded would depend on the item.”
Zonta nods in understanding.  “Perhaps you could walk with me later as I show you Timberlane.  We may find something of interest then.”
Puzzled by Zonta’s reference to Dansk, Katree inserts her opinion, “I thought Panche is a better trade area that is the reason Trader Guard Mike requested a journey to Panche not to Dansk.”
Jake agrees, “We must go on to Panche.  Chaytan brought us to a bad trade center.”
Shaking her head, Zonta reaffirms, “No, Panche is a pure industrial center.  The trade center is Dansk.  There is no profit in purchasing from Panche since they purchase through the markets in Dansk.  It is the largest and most popular Trade Center.”
Wanahton reinforces Zonta opinion by agreeing with her.  “Chaytan did well to bring you here.  Timberlane is mid-journey to Dansk where we do our trading.  As a matter of fact, Chaytan is going there early to obtain a good location for our trade booth.”
Jake regretfully admits, “It matters little since Mike cannot travel until his leg is mended.  A transport is arriving at noon for an emergency retrieval.  The transport communications can allow me to ask Captain Jerupt’s approval to trade in Dansk.”  Jake uses the captain as an excuse to delay making a commitment to travel to Dansk.
Wanahton alarmed by the danger a transport represents, confronts Jake, “Where will the transport land?  Timberlane has crops and herds in the near fields and pastures that the transport will kill.”
Jake quickly denies, “No.  There will be no damage.  The landing is out in the low plains beyond the fields.  Mike must ride out to meet the transport.  We do not wish harm to our generous host.”
Later in the afternoon, Jake returns from delivering Mike to the transport.  He lets Marissa know that the transport was not space capable and had a medical corpsman, medic for short, on board just as Mike explained.  Marissa nods and then ignores Jake.
After Jake reports that the transport and Mike have departed, Wanahton presses, “When will you be traveling?” 
Easing into a seat Jake discloses, “When Mike returns.  Captain Jerupt approved changing the trade to Dansk.”
Straightening from leaning against a wall, Chaytan announces to the group, “I leave tomorrow for Dansk.  It will be weeks before Mike returns.  You’ll have to contract with another guide.”
“The transport will return Mike tomorrow adding a short delay to our departure.”  Jake refutes Chaytan’s assumption on weeks for Mikes return.
Smugly, Chaytan counters, “Transportation is allowed for emergencies only.  Mike’s return is not an emergency.  You will not be ready to travel by tomorrow.  It will be weeks before Mike returns.”  He does not want to travel with these offworlders again.
Testily, Jake insists, “We have a contract with you.  You will have to delay until Mike returns.  You will fulfill the contract or pay a penalty.”  Jake looks at Katree and receives a confirmation on the contract.  At her nod, Jake feels more confident in his position.
“No, I must be in Dansk by weeks end.  I guided you to Timberlane.  The contract is finished.”  Chaytan is adamant and looks to Wanahton for backing.
Instead, Wanahton agrees with Jake's position, “Chaytan, the contract is for you to deliver the traders to a trade center.  There has been no trade.  The contract is not fulfilled.”  His agreeing with Jake surprises Chaytan with the apparent betrayal by Wanahton.
Chaytan glares at Wanahton then smiles finding a possible escape.  “The contract is for two trader pairs with Mike gone there is only one trader pair.  The contract is void.”
Then Wanahton calmly points out as he smiles at Chaytan, “You stood as Marissa’s Trader Guard during the trading today.  Jake will agree that makes two trader pairs.  The contract stands.”  He knows that Chaytan is going to argue.
Quickly, scheming Chaytan contemplates using Jake’s dislike to cause Jake to refuse to travel with him.  “As a guard not from Marissa’s clan I am entitled to additional authority.”  Smiling at Wanahton, Chaytan lists, “All traders will submit to me as clan leader while on the journey.  I determine the allowable items to be packed since we will take only one pack kirtag.  Katree and Marissa’s hair marks them as offworlders; they will wear Kirch scarves.  They will also wear clan dress leaving their uniforms here.”
Wanahton intercedes before Jake can object.  He is sympathetic to the unpalatable choice as he points out, “You can remain here knowing the storms may force you to stay at least six months.  Especially, if Mike and a guide are not available by the time the storms start.  Otherwise, Chaytan is correct in his entitlements.  Jake, you must decide if this is acceptable?”  
Katree pales at the mention of six months, looks at Jake, and nods her compliance.  Marissa looks away knowing Jake will ignore her objections to the required dress.  Jake is concerned about the limited time Captain Jerupt has allocated for this trip.  The start of the magnetic storms will keep the starship Celeste in a distant orbit and reduce the pickup window for when the trade is finished.
Jake thinks about the options: the magnetic storms begin with large gaps between occurrences, later in the season the storms are more severe and closer together.  The Celeste needs a 20-day window in order to retrieve the crew and trade goods then escape the star system.  If we do not complete the trade at the start of the magnetic storms, we could be on planet for six additional months.  Any delay will reduce our profits and our supplies on the ship.  The captain will not be happy at purchasing additional supplies from the starport, which will cost a premium since we cannot use local foodstuffs.
A disgruntled Jake agrees, “Acceptable.”
Resigned to wearing strange clothing, Marissa asks, “Where do we obtain the clan dress and scarves?”
Chaytan answers her as he glares at Wanahton.  “I will have them delivered when I evaluate the packs.  Now, I need to arrange kirtags and supplies.  Wanahton, please may I have your aid.” 
Chaytan accompanies Wanahton to his office.  Wanahton stops Chaytan's tirade before he begins.  “Wait until I explain.  As we discussed, travel to Panche preoccupies the traders.  They need watched and what better way than as a Trader Guard?”
Dissatisfied with Wanahton reasoning, Chaytan counters “Why not Kangee or Enapay?”
“You are the obvious choice.  As I said, you were Marissa’s guard today.  Assigning Kangee will cause more suspicion than assigning you.  Plus, he is young and inexperienced.  I am surprised that you even suggested him.”


Chapter 5: Trail to Dansk  

Morning finds an irate Marissa in a skirt, tunic, and headscarf glaring at Chaytan’s back as he carries her pack to a kirtag.  The pack is lighter and smaller than when she arrived with the excess being stored at Timberlane. 
Of all the things, the skirt irritates Marissa the most.  She cannot remember the last time she wore a skirt and finds its full ankle length awkward.  The thought of mounting her kirtag while wearing the skirt reignites her fury at Chaytan.  Additionally, Chaytan would not allow her to pack one space uniform even though she promised not to wear it. 
Katree complained about Chaytan pawing through her clothes but accepted wearing a skirt with no objections.  Jake is annoyed.  He wants to wait a day for the possible return of Mike.  Marissa is certain this trip will be a disaster since all the traders are unhappy and uncomfortable.
Chaytan made it clear that he is leaving with or without the traders.  Everyone is in a bad humor with the exception of Kangee and Enapay.  It makes for a grim and silent group leaving Timberlane.
On the trail, Chaytan is setting a brutal pace trying to travel as far as possible before nightfall.  The day is windy blowing Katree and Marissa’s head scarves loose, forcing the Klarn to catch or retrieve the scarves, and slowing the journey.  Marissa ties the scarf behind her neck as Zonta showed her.  This is the proper way to wear it but the wind dislodges it easily.  If their hair were long like the way the native’s hair then the scarf would stay in place.  Marissa and Katree enjoy the stops to admire the suppleness and skill the Klarn demonstrate as they lean from their saddle to snatch a wayward scarf.  At times, it becomes a contest as to which Klarn will retrieve a scarf.  Finally, Chaytan, annoyed by the delays and the Klarn’s antics, has Katree and Marissa unpack their hats to hold the scarves in place.  Marissa is not going to suggest tying the scarf under the chin when she wants the hat to shade her eyes.  She smiles at Chaytan’s frustration by the delays and feels he deserves the aggravation for forcing her to wear the scarf and skirt. 
Marissa finds the low plains to be hot, dry with cracked ground that the kirtags’ hooves turn to dust.  The dust gets in the nose and mouth leaving a fine grit on her teeth.  It turns out that the scarves are practical for keeping the dust from her hair, the little bit she has.  Kangee shows Katree to wrap the long ends of the scarf ends to cover her nose and mouth creating a dust filter. 
“Watch the kirtags shake their curls from the top of their heads into their eyes.”  Kangee tells Katree.  “The curls catch the dust and keep their eyes clear but are thin enough to allow the kirtag to see.  The scarves...”
“Quiet!” interrupts Enapay.  He continues in the native language.  “She will remove the scarf if you explain its origin.  Chaytan is the only one to address the Traders.”  Kangee returns to his position alongside Chaytan leaving Katree to ride with Jake.  Marissa slows her kirtag to ride with Enapay and asks, “What did you stop Kangee from saying about the scarves?”
Enapay ignores Marissa by quickly riding away and positioning the pack kirtag between them. 
Marissa rides ahead to catch up with Kangee and quietly, trying not to be overhead, threatens, “I will quit using the scarf unless you tell me what Enapay interrupted.  It cannot be as bad as insect eggs imbedded in the material and we inhale them when breathing through the scarf.”  The worst thing she could think of that might not be too offensive.
Frowning at Kangee Chaytan interjects, “What is that about?” 
Kangee glances at Chaytan relieved that he is calm, “I started to tell Katree why the scarves work.”
In the native language, Chaytan reprimands Kangee, “Protocol requires that you do not acknowledge the traders.  Their welfare is the Trader Guards concern.  If the Trader belonged to a clan, you would have given insult and had to pay reparations.  Instead, you will ride in the rear guard position.  Alone and contemplate your failure to duty.”  After Chaytan finishes, Kangee refuses to look at Marissa and quickly rides to last position trailing behind Enapay and the pack kirtag.
Chaytan considers the incident then glances back checking on the riders before he asks, “Promise you will wear the scarf to protect your face then I will tell you about the scarves.”
Marissa triumphantly agrees, “Yes.”
Again glancing around before explaining, “The black trim and fancy stitching that covers large areas of the scarf, is made from the kirtag’s curls.  It collects the dust like the curls over the kirtag’s eyes.”  Chaytan watches Marissa lift her hand to the scarf.  .He glowers as he assumes that she is removing the scarf.  Marissa laughs tucking the scarf more firmly in place then turns and rides away.
Marissa knows that Enapay was right to stop Kangee.  Katree would have removed the scarf, afraid she might ingest animal fibers.  A foolish fear but Katree mistakenly believes the food and air on the ship are pure with no biological contaminants.
It is dark by the time Chaytan signals to stop for the night and make camp.  Enapay helps Marissa dismount and takes her kirtag to unsaddle and feed.  This allows Marissa to stretch and walk around away from camp.  Each of the Klarn cares for their kirtag and one of the traders’ kirtags.  Marissa stands stargazing as the clear sky darkens to night and the stars slowly sprinkle across the heavens.  A small animal bursting from the taller grass catches her attention.  It has orange and tan fur with black patches on its muzzle and large ears.  The animal skids to a stop, stares at Marisa, turns abruptly, and flees.
Suddenly there is a hand on Marissa's shoulder.  Then Chaytan quietly censures, “There are dangerous animals that can harm you.  You should not be out here alone.”
“The animal I just saw appeared more afraid of me.” retorts Marissa.  “It was small with large ears, black spots on its muzzle, mostly tan that blended with the grass and very fast.  Is it one of the dangerous animals?”  She gazes at the spot where the animal disappeared.
 “A small face with large eyes is a Shire Fox.  They are shy but steal any unguarded food.  The night guards are enough to keep them away from the camp.  Where you are to stay.”  Chaytan admonishes as he turns Marissa toward the camp.  She starts to resist but realizes that she is too tired to argue and she wants something to eat.
Arriving back at the camp, Marissa finds the Klarn eating on the far side of the camp and the traders sitting apart on their packs eating field rations.  As Marissa joins the traders, Jake tosses to her a packet of field rations and sullenly complains as he checks that none of the Klarn can overhear, “Chaytan is dictating to everyone.  I have the first night watch and everyone is to get some sleep as soon as the natives finish eating.  Here comes our dictator, probably with more orders.”  Both Katree and Marissa look toward the other side of the camp finding Chaytan with Kangee and Enapay, approaching the traders.
Making eye contact with Jake, Chaytan explains, “For the safety of all the traders, introductions must allow Katree and Marissa to work with Kangee and Enapay.  As her Trader Guard, I am correcting the introduction for Marissa.”
Chaytan continues with a formal introduction for Marissa, “Marissa acknowledge clansmen Kangee and Enapay.”  Marissa smiles and nods to both clansmen as Chaytan call their name.
“Trader Marissa may you have good trading.”  Responds both Kangee and Enapay establishing their right to interface with Marissa.  The clan’s formality in relationships has been a major cultural barrier that Chaytan is trying to dismantle for the journey.  He now has Kangee and Enapay able to instruct Marissa and work with her.  Perhaps now Chaytan can avoid disciplining the Klarn for infractions instigated by the traders.
After a short hesitation, Jake glares at Chaytan but copies the formal introduction for Katree.  With the introductions complete, Katree and Marissa enter their tents to avoid the friction between Jake and Chaytan.
Early morning, Marissa crawls from her tent finding Chaytan sleeping just beyond the tent opening.  Her advance instantly awakens Chaytan.
Surprised, Marissa snaps, “What are you doing here?” staring at an alert Chaytan rising from his bedroll.
Calmly Chaytan explains, “As your guard I sleep outside your tent.” while noticing the dark circles under Marissa’s eyes and the tired droop to her shoulders.  He considers how best to aid the stubborn trader.
Wanting to be alone, Marissa orders, “Go back to sleep.” as she steps away from the tent and Chaytan.
Chaytan ignores her and starts packing.  Within moments, he has the tent and packs ready to load on the pack kirtags.  He joins Enapay, who had the last watch and reheated the remains from the night meal.  Chaytan obtains a hot breakfast and indicates the tent and packs are ready.  
Meanwhile, Marissa spies an animal hopping in the short grass at the camp’s edge.  Walking slowly, she edges closer but with its back turned the animal hops further away frustrating Marissa’s efforts to see if the front is the bright yellow she glimpsed.
Chaytan commands, “Do not wander out of camp.”  With the sound of Chaytan's voice, the animal takes flight.
Marissa turns and accuses Chaytan, “Was that another dangerous animal?” with her hands on hips glaring at him for the interruption of her morning’s pursuit.  Obviously, the little hopping creature was able to fly and was not afraid of Marissa.
Chaytan wryly remarks, “A meadowlark, sings in the morning to lure traders away.” as he mockingly notices her frustration.  At the same time, it is a reprimand for wandering away from the camp again.
Marissa hears Enapay snicker at the exchange.  Chaytan then hands her a bit of roasted meat.  “You liked this the last time.” referring to the meat.  Marissa checks to see that Jake and Katree have not exited their tent as she accepts the meat. 
Chaytan noticing where Marissa glanced, “They are not stirring yet.  You can enjoy a tastier and better breakfast.  Also, Enapay has filled your travel flask with fylar juice.”  The Klarn drink the juice to provide them with strength, stamina, and energy while traveling.  He turns and joins Enapay to awaken the rest of the party and start the day’s journey.
Marissa observes the Klarn, Kangee is the tallest with a slight build an indication of his youth.  He is more wiry than bulky muscle and has a playful attitude.  Enapay, the quietest, has a calm manner, speaks seldom even to the other Klarn and moves with a quiet grace.  His calm manner is probably the reason that all of the kirtags are his responsibility.  Chaytan appears imposing, stern with a thoughtful demeanor as if studying strategies and yet Marissa occasionally caught a glimpse of laughter in his eyes when viewing Kangee’s antics.  All the Klarn defer to Chaytan but maintain a comradeship that the traders lack.
Chaytan again stops late, traveling as long as possible.  While the Klarn care for the kirtags, Jake draws Katree and Marisa away to have a private meeting.
Arrogantly Jake explains, “Tomorrow we will be in Dansk.  We need to plan.  Marissa, you will need to be extra cautious since Chaytan is your Trader Guard.  What we discuss tonight is to be kept between the three of us.”
While watching that the Klarn do not come close enough to hear, Jake clarifies, “We have a chance to earn enough credits to retire in style.  Xeres Corporation wants the method the natives use to make the magnetic shielding and are willing to compensate us for getting it.  We are to record the plant when powered during a magnetic storm and retrieve a control unit.  The corporation is willing to pay a general bonus to all the traders, invest in Celeste by upgrading equipment and give Captain Jerupt a trade permit to a planet controlled by the corporation, not the fringe trading we usually get.  Additionally, all crystals will be bought from us at a premium credit.  An extra bonus goes to the trader that does the recording, and a second bonus for getting a controller.  Although, the Xeres corporation representative said the last item is unlikely.”  He checks to confirm that Katree and Marissa are eagerly accepting the plans. 
Marissa patiently points to a major flaw, “Magnetic storms will destroy any recording.  Plus, we do not have any recording equipment with us.”
As Jake glances at the supply packs stacked next to tents, he smugly reveals, “Mike has a set of class 10 shielded recorders hidden in the field rations.”
Annoyed at the mention of Mike and suspicious that the commander is maneuvering the traders to perform espionage, Marissa quietly asks.  “Jake, when did you learn about all this?” her eyes narrowing at Jake and remembering the denials she heard in Timberlane.
Haughtily, Jake straightens with self-importance.  “When I delivered Mike to the transport, Captain Jerupt was on the com and outlined the agreement with the Xeres Corporation.”
With her chin resting on her fist, Katree narrows her eyes at Jake and coolly raises an objection, “What is stopping the Xeres Corporation from dealing directly with the natives?”
“There is some bad blood and feelings toward the Xeres Corporation.”  Then he sneers, “The natives will not talk with Xeres’ employees.  This gives us the opportunity to profit and gain favor with the corporation with the Celeste becoming a preferred trading partner.”
After silently evaluating the information, Katree with a calculated coldness inquires, “Did we get some of the compensation and bonus in advance?  Is there a sealed and written contract?”
Jake sensing Katree’s acquiescence by her questions, eagerly replies, “The captain received 50% of the general bonus, fuel replenishment for the Celeste, and spare parts that the corporation has already.”  Katree nods approvingly.  Her expression brightens with a smile and her eyes reflect a greedy glow. 
Worried and frowning Marissa tries to instill caution and lists her misgivings, “Can we trust anything the corporation tells us.  So far, it has been nothing but lies; Mike lied to us about the corporations being involved, Commander Saldicy lied about the sociological study, and both hid the recorders from the natives and us.  The corporation is bribing us to spy on a production plant.  This is dangerous.  We are not part of the military or Xeres Corporation.  We have no protection.  If the Klarn catch us, no one will help us.  People go to prison for this or worse we could be marooned here.  Both Xeres and the military can abandon us to the mercy of the natives.”
Coming closer to Marissa in order to intimidate, in a harsh voice Jake exhorts, “It doesn’t matter.  This is an opportunity to make a huge profit.  We are doing this.  Tomorrow at the noon break, your ration packet will contain the second recorder.  Keep it with you.  Do not worry about prison.  The only authority on this planet is Commander Saldicy and she provided the class 10 recorders.  It’s not as if we are stealing from a corporation.”
Then in an icy manner he finishes, “You screw this up, Marissa, and I will see that the captain leaves you on this planet.”  Marissa shudders under the callous threat from Jake knowing the captain would maroon her.  Maintaining an impassive expression, Katree sidles to Jake and gestures toward the watching Klarn, which closes the discussion.
Merissa enters her tent thinking about Jake’s meeting.  Jake is wrong on all issues; recording is stealing, not from a corporation, but from the natives.  There is another authority on the planet, the Clan leaders.  With the threat of marooning, she comprehends that Jake has chosen her to be the scapegoat if this fails.  There will be no aid from Katree; she will curry Jake’s favor to avoid Marissa’s fate.  Why the commander is supporting the Xeres Corporation is an unasked and unanswered question.  The military has no allegiance to the Celeste and her crew.  There will be no aid from that quarter if trouble develops.  Realizing she cannot change any of it, Marisa attempts to go to sleep.  The problems prey on her mind causing a night of restless sleep.
Morning comes with Marissa unhappy and worried with the threat from Jake, which is the first thought as she opens her eyes and continues to plague her all morning.  Kangee noticing her distraction playfully tugs her headscarf and accidentally drops it on the ground.  Before he can retrieve it, Enapay and the pack kirtags have trampled it.  Kangee dismounts to extract the scarf from the dirt, finds it no longer wearable, and looks dejected.  Returning the scarf to Marisa, Kangee is red faced and apologetic as he tries to hand her the badly mangled scarf.
Hiding her grin, Marissa instructs, “You need to wash it before you return it.”  She is working hard to keep her expression serious when laughter will make Kangee wilt even more.  His wretched expression almost has her accepting the scarf.
Enapay, who stopped to watch, has no sympathy and laughs at Kangee tucking the scarf away.  Shaking his head in disapproval of Kangee’s reckless actions, Enapay indulgently advises Kangee, “You are lucky that tonight we will be in Dansk or you will be doing double watches again.”  Nodding toward the trail he adds, “Chaytan has noticed your foolishness.”
Kangee glances to the front of the procession and perceives that a disapproving Chaytan has halted the journey and is patiently waiting for them.  Kangee grimaces at Chaytan's expression.
Marissa unpacks a clean scarf and resolves to enjoy the day and ignore all worries for now.  Kangee’s antics did force her thoughts away from her worries.  She sends Kangee a sympathetic smile then urges her kirtag to rejoin the rest.
At noon, Jake guarding against the Klarn observing him, hands Marissa a ration packet that does not contain food.  Instead, it contains a recorder.  The recorder resembles the medical monitor wristband she wears. 
Trying to minimize Marissa’s alienation created by his threats, Jake adopts a conciliatory manner.  He attempts through flattery to reconcile Marissa to the project.  “I know you want this venture to succeed and your engineering knowledge will help select the best areas to record.  As you can see, these recorders are simple to operate.  The green light is also a button to start and stop the recording, the red flashes when recording, and the blank area between is the lens.  I have confidence in your good judgment that is why you get one recorder.  Since Katree will usually be with me, it would not benefit for us to have both.  We have agreed to share the bonus if we succeed in recording the plant.”
Snidely Katree adds her observations, “You may have the best chance at getting a recording.  That young Klarn, Kangee, likes you.  If you play him right, he could help you get the recording or a controller.” 
Katree further advises as she calculatingly contemplates the Klarn.  “He would be easily distracted trying to impress you.  If nothing else, you can drop the headscarf like this morning.  It is something to keep in mind, and possibly using on the others at an opportune moment.  They also are very solicitous to you, apparently concerned by your weakness.  It is something else to use and might be advantageous if I quit wearing the THERP.”
Jake snorts, “They just do not know her like we do.  She lacks a proper feminine outlook.”
Marissa is thankful that the break is short, cutting the conversation abruptly.  She feels even more dismayed and tainted from the unscrupulous behavior proposed.  The conversation ruins her resolve to enjoy the day.


Chapter 6: Dansk  

The travelers arrive in late afternoon discovering Dansk is a much larger city than Timberlane.  A large complex climbs halfway up the mountainside with the rest of the city spreading onto the plain consisting of smaller homes and buildings.
Chaytan leads everyone to the left side of the city where a set of barns, corrals, and meadows spread into an adjacent valley.  Several Klarn meet the Traders taking the kirtags, unsaddling and releasing them into a corral with water and feed.
Turning to the traders after dismissing Enapay and Kangee, Chaytan instructs, “I told the Klarn to send your packs to the trade center where you will be staying.  First you must register at the trade center and obtain visitors rooms.”
Now that the traders have arrived at Dansk, Jake arrogantly demands, “Where is the Trade Center?”  Jake is constantly being assertive to the point where he is belligerent.  In contrast, Chaytan gains his authority by being competent.
Chaytan calmly replies, “The tram will take us.”  As he conducts the traders to a tram station containing electrified cars on a siding.  The car is the first modern and sophisticated equipment the traders have seen the Klarn use. 
Amazed, Katree squeaks with delight, “Transports.”  The car doors open automatically startling her to step back.  Her movement away causes the door to close automatically, as it no longer senses her presence. 
After taking a seat at the far end of the car, Chaytan further instructs the traders, “The tram stops at the beginning and end of the rail.  The trade center is the last stop and this is the first.  The tram adds cars at the front and drops cars from the rear for any station between the two ends.  The system uses the sidings to give the additional cars time to match the main trams speed or slow the car to stop at the station.  The system is efficient and fast.”
The traders enter the trade center with Chaytan directing them to the registration booth where Chaytan first registers Marissa.  “Clan starport, trader Marissa registers for metals and crystals.”  Next Chaytan presses a small button causing a wristband to be issued that Chaytan slips over Marissa’s recorder.  Chaytan repeats the process registering Jake and Katree and then hands them each a cuff.  
Resenting Chaytan’s initiative registering the traders, Jake crossly challenges, “Why do you not get a cuff?  Where’s the trading done?”
“I’m already registered as Wanahton’s representative.”  He dislikes Jake and his demanding attitude but is willing to explain the trade center symbols.  As Trader Guard for Marissa, he needs to explain the registration to her, which results in informing Jake and Katree at the same time.  “You are registered for metals,” as he points to a symbol on the cuff, “and crystals” as he points to the second symbol.  “The same symbols are shown on the trade center exchange board.  I will show you.”
Chaytan rushes the traders to the trade center exchange where multiple corridors branch from a hub.  He points out the two spokes with the symbols matching the traders’ cuffs.  Finally, Chaytan escorts the traders to the housing center for visitors.  He is glad to leave their company and Jake’s antagonism.
Marissa selects a room and is stunned by comforts included.  This is not a slot like at the spaceport but a room with a bed and small kitchen.  The bathrooms and showers are communal but these are luxurious accommodations from Marissa’s perspective.  After days roughing it on the trail, she is eager to take advantage of the large bed hoping it is as comfortable as it looks.
In the morning, Chaytan leans against a wall staring into space waiting for Marissa in the commons room.  As Marissa walks into the room, she has a few moments to observe him before he notices her.  He is no longer wearing his tall boots and trail gear instead; he has short boots with gray slacks and an embroidered tunic.  He looks up, catches Marisa observing him, which triggers his grin.  He glances to the left of Marissa directing her to another Klarn waiting, Kangee. 
Taking a few steps closer and stopping at Marissa’s side, Kangee tentatively smiles, “Greetings Marissa, I am returning your scarf.”  Glancing at Chaytan as if for permission before continuing, “I cannot stay, I have duties assigned.  I apologize for the harm done to your possession.”  Kangee hands Marissa a new bright colored scarf not the one damaged on the trail.
Chaytan nods an approval to Kangee as he leaves, then Chaytan straightens and advances to Marissa.  He invites her, “If you have not eaten breakfast and are willing to try a local café, we have a few minutes before the exchange opens.”
“I have no idea what would be good.  I cannot read the menus.  It would be a waste of time unless you’re willing to select something for me.  Even then I do not have the credits in the account to purchase.”  Marissa refuses Chaytan's invitation as gently as possible.  He has been kind and helpful on the trail so she does not want to offend him.
Not easily turned away Chaytan counters, “If you’re willing, it is my treat.”
Marissa sighs and agrees, “OK but do not be offended if the taste does not agree with me.”
Chaytan directs Marissa into a market area then turning to the right where a delicious aroma permeates the air.  The area is crowded with trader guard pairs strolling through the area with many nibbling on a pastry or drinking from a flask as they intermix and talk in small groups.  Chaytan leads her along the shops explaining the various products until Marissa slows and inhales deeply an aroma the reminders her of fresh baked bread.  She stops, closes her eyes as she remembers burning her fingers as she broke open a hot roll, watching steam rise from the center and melting butter into the soft center.  Her stomach growls its opinion.
Chaytan laughs, saunters to a small shop, and selects two pastries, then places his armband on a square of green crystal paying for them.  Gathering the pastries and two flasks, Chaytan steers Marisa away from the shops to vacant area.
Chaytan chuckles at her distrustful look.  “Try one.  I guarantee it is better than what you have been eating.”
Marissa shrugs and takes the tentative bite, then with a moan she quickly finishes.  The crust is flaky with a berry filling that is tart, warm and tastes better than it smells.  Encouraged Marissa sips from her flask finding the drink hot with a flavor similar to coffee.
Glancing at Chaytan, she finds him warmly smiling and shaking his head, “Why do you punish yourself by eating bad food?”
Taking exception to his opinion, Marissa defends, “It is not bad but a balanced nutritious concentrate that is designed to keep my body healthy.  What I just ate may make me sick or contain something poisonous to me.”  Marissa privately agrees with Chaytan that the rations taste bad.
Displeased at her response that implied the local food is unhealthy, Chaytan instructs, “I am your Trader Guard.  I will do nothing to endanger you.”  He now considers it the best time to address a sensitive subject.  “At the same time, your behavior reflects on me.  It also will effect trading.  You need to understand Klarn custom.  Refusing an invitation to a meal is an insult.  Refusing food offered is an insult.  Another trader might invite us to the midday meal or to a dinner after trading is finished.  These invitations are rare.  If offered we will accept.”
Marissa absorbs the information noting that Chaytan imparts information as a command.  She then asks, “My refusal this morning was insulting you?”
“Yes.  I realize you are not Klarn and did not know the customs.”  Chaytan smiles to take the sting from the criticism.
“My refusal to eat at Timberlane was insulting Zonta?”  Marissa vainly hopes for a negative response as her embarrassment increases. 
“Yes.  I reminded Zonta that the traders did not intentionally insult.  Let us finish the drinks and collect the others.”  Chaytan directs Marissa to the walkway out of the market.
Before leaving the market, Marissa asks, “Why is everyone waiting here?” curiously scanning the other trader pairs wandering in the market. 
As they leave, Chaytan explains.  “It’s early in the trading session with many gathering here to initiate negotiations and renew acquaintances.  Most here already have selected their booths or are permanent traders in the market.”
As Marissa and Chaytan enter the trader housing, Jake advances to stand in front of Marisa blocking her movement and accuses, “Where have you been?  You have duties to attend.  This is not a vacation.”
Marisa calmly replies, “I was observing the trading practices.”  As she turns, she notices Katree’s smirk while she peruses Chaytan from head to toe implying a different set of trading practices.  In retaliation, Marissa decides not tell them what she learned from Chaytan about invitations to dine. 
The traders follow Chaytan to the metals trading area where Jake and Katree select a booth near the entrance.  Jake orders Marissa, “You need to find a booth further inside where we will not be competing.  Remember, tonight we will meet to discuss changes to the trading policies.  After you set up, the rest of the day is yours to enjoy.”
As Marissa walks through the trade center, Chaytan explains the various booths’ costs with the booths in the higher traffic areas having a higher government tariff.  The tariff pays for the complex.  He suggests a booth near to the finished metals.  The final selection is Marissa’s and she secures it with the registration cuff.  The assignment is complete when a symbol of a spaceship appears above the booth indicating a spaceport trader.  
After selecting a booth and setting up, Marissa has Chaytan, take her to the crystal trade market where there is a dense mass of traders.  The female traders line the area in the front of the booths with their guards standing at their backs acting as buffers to the crowd.  It creates what looks like two walls of guards with an aisle between and two rows of booths on the outside.  As one pair leaves from in front of a booth another takes their place.  Marissa only wants a few seconds at each booth wishing to be taller so that she can look over the taller Klarn and not wait for a Trader pair to leave.
Marissa progresses quickly through the market doing a quick survey of the crystals displayed.  When she has seen about a third of the booths, Marissa starts to feel stalked.  She leans close to Chaytan and whispers, “Chaytan we’re being followed.”
Chaytan quizzically, “Are you sure?”  He is assuming that the crowds pressing around her are disturbing her.
Affronted at Chaytan’s doubt, Marissa sharply explains, “There’s a Klarn dressed all in black clothing, tunic with very little embroidery, and tall knee high boots.  Every time we move to another both he is near.”
Chaytan stiffens, stops, and turns spotting the Klarn Marissa described.  He snaps, “Kirch.  Remain here.”  Chaytan stalks to the Klarn and engages in an animated conversation.
When he returns frowning, Chaytan firmly orders Marissa, “Do not talk to a Kirch.  They hate spacers but he is interested in the ore.”
Confused Marissa asks.  “That one talked to you about trade?  I thought the females did all the trading.” 
Sharply Chaytan replies, “We did not talk about trade.”  His impassive facial expression indicates that the subject is closed. 
Even more confused Marissa pursues a clarification, “I thought all of you are Klarn.  What is a Kirch?”  
Chaytan tries to think of a simple definition for the Kirch.  “They are Klarn but are very conservative in dress and outlook.  They believe the offworlders bring ideas to contaminate the basic beliefs of the Klarn.  So offworlders are to be avoided.” 
As they near the entrance to the crystal trade center, a young Klarn marches up to Chaytan, waits for recognition, and then hands him a small black box.  Chaytan studies the box then nods to the Klarn.
Marissa sensing Chaytan’s distraction, volunteers, “If you need to go, I am tired and can find my way back to my room.  You said nothing else can be done until tomorrow morning.”  Chaytan is relieved that Marissa is confident in navigating the trade center freeing him to attend to the summons he received.  Alone, Marissa finishes checking the last few booths without any other stalkers appearing before returning to her room.
That evening, the three traders gather in a small meeting room.  Jake looks at Marissa and sternly asks, “Have you tried to leave the trade area?”
Marisa replies, “No.” noticing Katree’s detachment as if trying to distance herself from Marissa.  Marissa feels exposed and vulnerable and is worried about the cold reception she is receiving from her crewmembers.
Harshly Jake reprimands, “That was why you had the rest of the day to see if you can find a way into the industrial complex.  It is right behind the trade center.”  Obviously, Jake is predisposed to be difficult. 
Marissa reacts defensively, “I was not trained to spy or read minds.  If you wanted me to search for the industrial complex you had plenty of time to tell me.”
Marissa’s remark incites Jake to criticize her further.  “You better learn fast and start showing me some respect,” His lip curling in disgust.  The abrasiveness provokes Marissa but she realizes the futility of responding.  She clenches her jaw and turns away from Jake. 
Katree, in order to change the subject and let hot tempers cool, launches the trade policy discussion, “Pricing depends on delivery.  Starport delivery is a lower price since the purchaser must transport the ore.  Onsite delivery is a higher profit but we must obtain waivers from starport and the clans then register orbit and flight plans with both.” 
The change in topic diverts Jake to trade policies, “Do we have any data on past sales?”
Studying the trade board Katree adds, “Yes, the trade board keeps a history plus current transactions.  I recommend that we use the second highest recorded price as our minimum.”
Astonished by the information Katree retrieves, Jake rationalizes, “They’re riding animals but are using a sophisticated trade system and transportation.  The system displays the data in both languages.  It must be a leftover from when Xeres Corporation had their plants operating.  That reminds me, the corporation will pay triple premium for blue crystals.  I checked the crystal market but did not find blue crystals listed.  If you see them buy them immediately.”
Cautiously, trying not to incite Jake’s antagonism Marissa asks, “How do we buy them?  We do not have a positive balance in the accounts.”
Quickly, before Jake takes an aggressive stand, Katree puts forward, “Our options are to let the accounts go to a negative balance, get additional credit from Xeres, or sell the ore quickly even at a loss.  Jake, will you find out if the Xeres representative agrees to cover our losses?  Do you still have the portable com unit?”
“They will agree if they want the blue crystals.  We can just tack the loss onto the crystal’s price.  I understand that Captain Jerupt or Xeres did not set a definite price.  I’ll let the captain know what we are planning.”
Marissa questions Jake on one point, “The price is not set?  Isn’t there a range or maximum?”
Turning to Marissa and ignoring the questions, Jake contemptuously commands, “Marissa, quit arguing about everything.  The priority is to get into the industrial complex, second is to find blue crystals.  Do you understand?” 
Marisa replies quietly, “Yes.”  She knows even if she accomplishes the tasks, Jake’s regard will not improve.  Leaving Jake and Katree and going to her room, Marissa wonders why Jake is ignoring the questions on pricing.  How important are the blue crystals?  How rare?

On the second day of trading, Marissa finds the day opening with five bids on the ore but all are lower than Katree’s minimum.  All through the day, there is a lot of activity with females carrying assay kits stopping to test the ore samples.  Since most do not know the trade language, the trader guards translate information.  Surprising Marissa finds herself enjoying the seriousness and technical expertise of the traders.  A few traders use the trade language but insist on translation to ensure there are no misunderstandings.  Marissa learns a few common words by listening.
The soft brush of Chaytan's hand on her shoulder draws Marissa’s attention as Chaytan suggests in her ear, “It is late.  Trading will soon stop and visiting will commence.  Do you want to see the light display?”
Intrigued Marisa looks over her shoulder at Chaytan and asks, “What light display?”
Smiling down at Marissa’s upturned face, Chaytan reveals, “A storm is causing the night sky to light in patterns.  The best view is on the mountainside where nothing blocks the skyline.” 
Returning Chaytan’s smile, Marissa agrees, “Yes, as long as it’s not too far to walk.” 
Chaytan appropriates a scooter and takes her to a cave entrance near the mountaintop.  The aurora is a panorama of greens reds and blues inundating and flowing across the heavens.  A piercing whine interrupts the peace and quiet of the night.  Chaytan retrieves and checks a small box. 
Reluctantly Chaytan turns to Marissa, “You will have to come with me.  Regrettably, there is no time to return you to the trade center.”
Using the scooter, they travel deeper into the cave, the dim head light occasionally reflecting off the rough stone walls and patchy floor.  Marissa holds tightly as the scooter bounces and jars; she is frightened by the reckless speed and near collisions with rocks and walls.  The mad ride ends at the entrance to the industrial complex.
Chaytan stalks through a doorway into the complex towing Marissa up a flight of steps into an office.  He turns to leave, ordering in a hardened voice, “Remain here until I return.  Do not leave this room.  Understand?”
A subdued Marissa quietly consents, “Yes, will you be gone long?”  The abrupt change in Chaytan and the rough ride destroyed the exhilaration she felt at the end of the trading.
“I do not know.”  Chaytan abruptly replies as he hurriedly exits the office closing the door firmly behind him.
The rough ride has left Marissa sore, wide-awake, and bored.  She opens the door a crack, peaks at the complex, and sees a dimly lit vast processing plant.  The plant is operating with huge machinery running and Klarn operating the process in the dim lighting. 
As she watches, the crystal lighting slowly brighten revealing more detail and fascinating Marissa.  Concentrating on the scene distracts Marissa until the door bangs open knocking her against the wall.  Looking up she finds an angry Kirch standing over her.  Grabbing both her arms, he begins shaking her violently, raising her onto her toes and forcing her to whimper from the harsh treatment.  His grip is going to leave bruises.  The Kirch’s questions have an accusing tone.  He releases one arm and pulls off the headscarf exposing her very short hair.  “Offworlder!” he spits as an epitaph increasing her fear and underscoring Chaytan's warning not to talk to the Kirch.
He drags her out the door while talking into a black box as he marches along a walkway.  They enter a room containing two other Kirch and one Klarn.  After a short discussion, they place Marissa in the center of the room; remove the Trade cuff, recorder, and medical wristband placing them on the table that is against the wall.
Marissa tries to explain, “Chaytan brought me here.  Call him.”  When there is no reply, she pleads, “Let me go.”  However, there is still no response from her guards.
One Kirch takes the trade Cuff and leaves.  Marissa moves to lean against one wall but the Kirch moves her back to the room’s center while the three impassively stare at her.  Marissa shivers in fright, with the waiting unsettling her composure.  After a while, she closes her eyes to avoid the stares but then starts to sway.  When she tries to sit on the floor, the Kirch reacts by pulling her back onto her feet.  During the whole time, not a word is spoken not even between the Klarn.  Marissa begins to wonder what they will do if she faints, as she starts to be light headed. 
Suddenly, the door opens.  A Kirch returns with the trade cuff.  He hands her the wristbands and cuff then crosses his arms taking up a fourth position watching Marissa.  She decides the return of her possessions indicates that she can leave.  When she moves to the door, a Kirch grabs her arms and moves her back.
Disappointed, frustrated, and tired, Marissa demands, “What do you want from me.  Tell me.”  She searches the faces around her seeing only grim determination and condemnation.
After another long staring session, Chaytan enters the room.  Marissa is relieved but unsure after noticing that Chaytan has the same grim condemnation as the others.  Tentatively Marissa asks, “Can I leave?”  Without replying, Chaytan pulls her from the room. 
Wearily, Marissa implores Chaytan, “We are not going back through the cave on the scooter are we?”
Chaytan looks at Marissa then realizes that she is near to collapsing from exhaustion.  He reassures her.  “No.  We are taking a different way to the trade center housing.  I am sorry that the Kirch restrained you.  The Kirch make up the majority of the security forces that have the responsibility to apprehend violators and bring violators to the Magistrates.  They were doing their job.  The delay was caused by difficulty in finding me.”
After a pause while Chaytan ponders a decision, he continues, “Tomorrow, I can not be with you but the Kirch will not bother you again as long as you stay in the trade center.  Trade cannot proceed without a guard present but the traders can test and assay the ore samples.  I will meet you at the booth when I am freed of my other duties.  Until then, the security at the center will protect you and your samples for the time I am not available.”
As they progress through the complex, Marissa witnesses the Klarn process a black material.  One section is not running where an open access panel shows a Klarn removing blue crystals, and installing clear crystals.  The blue crystals wanted by the Xeres Corporation.  Marissa had started to believe that blue crystals did not exist on this world.  They encounter no one after leaving the industrial complex indicating that it is very late.  When Marissa gets back to her room, she collapses on the bed without undressing.

Marissa sleeps late until awakened by Katree knocking on her door and pleading.  “Marissa are you awake?  Jake wants a meeting immediately.”  Bleary eyed and still wearing the wrinkled clothes from yesterday, Marissa moans, “Yes, give me a few minutes.”  She quickly changes into another skirt and tunic, promising herself a shower and breakfast after the meeting.
When Marissa hurries into the meeting, Jake belligerently confronts her.  “Marissa you were not in until late last night.  Did you get into the complex?”
Hesitantly, Marissa answers, “I saw the light show last night caused by the magnetic storm.”  Taking the seat the furthest away from Jake, she decides not to tell Jake about the complex especially since she recorded nothing.  His antagonism makes Marissa wary.  She speculates on what he knows and hopes that the Klarn did not contact him last night.
Sneeringly Jake comments, “Useless waste of time.  You need to stay focused on our goals.”  While he glares at her, he informs her, “Your ore has received the highest recorded bid.  Accept the bid.  Although we may need to stay longer, failure to accept this bid would cause suspicion.  If he wants more ore, send the purchaser to us.”
Resolved to ignore Jake’s biting remark, Marissa asks Katree, “Who purchased?”
Efficiently, Katree retrieves the data, displays it on the trade board, and then reads, “Kirch Leader Sewati with delivery to the spaceport.”
Marissa studies her hands as she explains, “They will not buy from you.  They hate spacers.”  She almost added that the purchase was due to Chaytan but decided that would only irritate Jake.
“Why did they buy from you?”
“Perhaps, they think I am a native because I used a few words of greeting in their language.”
Coolly analyzing the situation, Katree states, “We can transfer more ore to her account.  Then Jake, you can search for the crystals and entrance to the plant.”  Marissa moves to look over Katree’s shoulder at the accounts.  She is surprised that her account shows the highest price and volume.  That she also knows will not sit well with Jake who takes pride in his trade negotiations.  Thankfully, Katree did not let Jake know all the details. 
Remorselessly, Jake again confronts Marissa, “Did you find any blue crystals?”  He maintains the hard-eyed glare aimed at Marissa from the start of the meeting.
Marissa confesses, “No.  The trading was continuous yesterday.  I did not get the chance to look or shop.”  She looks to Katree for understanding but receives a cold inflexible gaze.  Jake derisively snorts and ends the meeting.
Marissa makes a quick stop in her room to finish her morning routine, then returns alone to her trade booth.  By noon, she sells the rest of the ore.  That frees the traders to perform the searches designated by the Xeres Corporation.  Marissa is not looking forward to skulking and spying as she closes the booth.  When she lifts her pack to leave, a trader pair approaches.  Marissa shakes her head, indicating that she is closed.  The trader speaks haltingly, “No trade.  I am Kimimela.  I learned trader talk.  I want practice with you.  Please.”
Marissa blinks as she slowly understands then agrees but adds a request of her own.  “You teach me Klarn language?”  With that agreement, Kimimela invites Marissa to lunch.  Remembering Chaytan’s admonition on refusing invitation to meals, Marissa accepts with the explanation that Kimimela will have to make the food selection for her.
Lunch is pleasant with Marissa learning a few new words such as the language is Kirsharn, and three different ways to say hello and goodbye.  It turns out that Kimimela is a cloth trader, sent to the Trade Center to get exposure to the spacers and improve her language skills.  Marissa decides to show her the Castian silk.
“I will buy all,” is the excited response from Kimimela.  She motions for the Trader Guard to examine the silk.  He nods his approval as Kimimela continues, “Price?”
“I have the one piece.  I want blue crystals.  I understand the silk can be used to close a sale.”
“Blue crystals are bad, a waste.  I have one with a flaw that I should throw away.”  Kimimela longingly runs her fingers down the length of fabric.
Marissa unfolds a longer length of the silk and asks, “This length for the crystal?” 
Kimimela shakes her head, “The crystal is useless.  I feel like I cheat you.”  Kimimela reluctantly withdraws her hand from the silk with a heavy sigh.
Starting to feel a chance of success, Marissa adds, “The silk in payment for information about the blue crystals.  I saw a Klarn remove blue crystals.  Why remove blue crystals?”
Kimimela fingers the short length unfurled from the roll.  She nods and indicates a yard length.  “I will give you the flawed blue crystal.  Blue is the color after used.  First, they are clear or yellow crystals.  Other colors have different uses.  Some send messages, some make machines move.  Clear save everything.”
Kimimela fingers the silk and demands, “I want trader to bring more.  Call to other offworld traders to bring ... name?”
Marissa motions for a means to write, and prints 'Castian silk grade 10'.  “The Castian silk is listed by grade.  This is 10.  The lower numbers are higher grades and cost more.  Add the color you want.  I must warn you.  The Castian’s do not sell to anyone.  You may have trouble getting the silk.”
Kimimela and Marissa close the deal at the cloth merchant’s booth where Kimimela cuts her length of silk from the bolt and gives Marissa the flawed crystal.  Both thinking they made an excellent deal.
Now, Marissa understands that she needs to watch the industrial buyers.  The buyers indicate the crystals purpose.  She finishes the afternoon purchasing crystals by following a few industrial buyers.  She ignores the jewelry shops and obtains non-faceted red and green crystals for the Celeste to sell to the corporation.  Happily, she does not see either Jake or Katree. 
Marissa is returning to her room pleased with the purchases when she notices Kangee accompanied by two Kirch.  Alarmed by the Kirch presence, Marissa stops tightly clutching her purchases to her chest as if they will protect her.  A frowning Kangee seriously states, “There is trouble.  Come with me, please.”  He hands her packages to another Klarn with instruction to deposit them at the registration in the housing area.
Then Kangee with the Kirch escorts her to an imposing building where she sees Katree and Jake surrounded by Kirch along with Enapay. 
Marissa sidles next to Katree and whispers nervously, “What is going on?”
Unconcerned about the jeopardy represented by the Kirch, Katree flippantly answers, “We were stopped entering the industrial complex and were brought here.”  In a move snubbing Marissa, Katree edges closer to Jake placing her hand on his arm in support.
The Kirch, a magistrate sitting behind the desk, forcefully orders, “Silence!” deliberately staring at Marissa and Katree and then proceeds to question the Kirch witnesses with Enapay translating for the traders.  The other Kirch and Klarn testify that they found Jake repeatedly outside the Trade Center in an unauthorized area.  The latest violation was in the industrial complex.
The magistrate’s verdict, “Trader Jake and Trader Katree deliberately entered the restricted area, fine is assessed to the trader account, place the cuff on the payment desk.”
Katree’s cuff changes to red indicating the account has a debt.  Bewildered Katree stares at the cuff unsure what is next.  Obviously, she cannot pay the complete fine. 
The magistrate nods to Enapay who steps forward and inquires, “Marissa, a balance is owed.  Will you accept the debt?”
Marissa quickly consents; as she places her cuff with Katree’s and watches as Katree’s cuff turns from red to yellow indicating a zero balance.  Marissa's remains black but they will not know the balance until they check the trade board.
Satisfied that the fine is paid, the magistrate continues his judgment, “Trader Jake and Trader Katree, you are banned from the Dansk trade center.  Tomorrow you must leave Dansk.  The guards will see that you remain in the trade center housing or market area until then.”
The magistrate dismisses everyone signaling the guards to escort Jake and Katree.  Jake is furious and unable to suppress it, he turns and accosts Enapay, “Chaytan and you are under contract as our guides.  I demand that he arranges our departure for tomorrow.  He must guide us back to the spaceport.”  Enapay neither acknowledges nor denies Jake’s demand as he walks away.  The guards stop Jake as he tries to follow and remain with the traders until they enter the housing complex.  Then the guards take a position outside the entrance.  There are two guards, one for Katree, and one for Jake. 
After leaving the guards, Jake initiates a meeting in order to discuss the ejection from Dansk.  It provides an opportunity for Marissa to ask, “What happened to you?”
Smugly, Jake brags as he recalls, “I got into the industrial complex by Katree fainting outside the entrance.  I carried her into the complex’s entry then with everyone watching Katree, I slipped into the plant.  I just got started recording when the Klarn discovered me and forced me back to Katree.”
Then Katree blithely continues with her part, “Everyone was solicitous until the Klarn dressed all in black seized my arm displaying the medical band.  Then he bellowed something at several Klarn who ran after Jake.  And you know the rest.”
Scheming to recover and salvage the project, Jake turns to Marissa and commands, “You are not restricted.  Get into the complex and find the blue crystals.” 
Marissa protests, “They will be more alert after your failed attempt.  At night everything closes that will make it hard to hide my movements.  I used my silk to trade for a blue crystal but it is flawed.” 
She hands the crystal to Jake suspecting he will try to claim the crystal as his discovery.
Jake huffs his disagreement, “I did not fail.  I got in the complex.” 
Katree takes the crystal and closely examines it.  “The flaw is not noticeable unless under strong light.  A good jeweler may be able to cut out the flaw.”  When she goes to hand it back to Marissa, Jake intercepts it.
Marissa protests, “I traded my silk for that.  It is mine.”
“I will return it to you after you locate more of them.”  Jake pockets the crystal and reiterates, “That still leaves getting into the complex.  You have until morning.”  He stalks off, disappearing into his room with Katree following.
Exasperated, Marissa meanders through the crystal market avoiding the housing and more orders from Jake.  She suddenly realizes that her silk purchased the blue crystal not the Celeste’s funds.  Angry at allowing Jake and Katree to appropriate the crystal, she feels like crying in frustration because this is not the first time the captain or Jake appropriated her personal trade items.
Deciding to salvage something to compensate for the loss of her blue crystal and the triple payment as promised by Xeres, Marissa takes the silk to a booth selling green crystals, a high value crystal by Klarn standards.  There she trades a one-foot length for 100 crystals.  Using the account tied to the cuff, she purchases 300 additional which is the equivalent value to the silk traded for the blue crystal.  Tired of the Captain Jerupt and Jake stealing from her, she lists these as her personal trade goods when the trader ships them to the spaceport.  Although Jake will get more than that for the blue crystal he stole from her, she feels justified with the crystal purchase.


Chapter 7: Trail to Scheralt  

Morning finds Chaytan and Enapay waiting with both dressed to travel and the judicial escorts gone.  Jake and Katree are subdued and quiet.  Marissa glances at Jake as he sends her a questioning look.  Marissa responds shaking her head, indicating that she did not enter the industrial complex.  She then forces everyone to wait while she empties the trade account by purchasing red crystals through the Trade Center Exchange.  It efficiently handles the transactions and sets up the transportation to deliver the crystals to the spaceport as Celeste’s property.  A few moments later, Marissa is ready to leave. 
Chaytan sets the travel itinerary, “With the storms active, the rails are operating.  We can travel using the magnetic rails until noon, then by kirtag for a day.  In two days, you will be at the spaceport.  This route takes longer if we were to use only the kirtag for the whole distance but the rail shortens the trip.”
The rail station is similar to the tram station but the cars are larger with individual cushioned seats that recline and have a retractable footrest.  Chaytan directs the traders to the car that will detach from the train at the correct stop.  A small vibration and hum increases as the car starts to accelerate becoming a steady background noise when the car settles into a constant speed.  With Jake and Katree not speaking with Marissa, she feels isolated and alone which the car's hum reinforces and slowly lulls her to sleep.  A slight jolt wakes her when they arrive at their destination.
The traders wait until the other passengers disembark then gather their packs.  They find waiting two Klarn with kirtags and packed travel gear.  Chaytan introduces the new Klarn, Yahto, and Napayshni, and then everyone mounts following Chaytan out onto the plains.  The Klarn follow Chaytan’s lead remaining cold and aloof from the traders.  There are no friendly greetings between the traders and the natives.  Even Enapay is keeping a distance more like guards than as guides. 
That night the Klarn set up the camp.  After the silent afternoon ride, Marissa is surprised when Chaytan invites, “Want to see more wildlife of Ninovan?”
Marissa nods her agreement accompanying Chaytan a short distance outside of the camp where he shows her a den.  A head with black mask around its eyes peeks from the burrow.  Just as dusk starts to obscure the opening, a larger version with black paws dashes in carrying a smaller animal in its jaws. 
“Merrit and kits.  She has kits to feed and will work all night then sleep all day like you.” teasing Marissa about falling asleep in the rail car.  “She is also vicious in defense of her den.  We do not go any closer.”  Marissa is relieved that Chaytan unbent enough to show her more of Ninovan's wildlife. 
When they return to camp, night has fallen and Jake has disappeared.  Annoyed, Chaytan quizzes Enapay then strides out of camp searching for Jake. 
For a while, the camp is quiet then the kirtags become disturbed distracting Enapay.  Next Jake strolls into camp with two strangers wearing malicious grins strutting behind him.  Both are taller than Jake is with their bald or shaved heads branding them as career spacers.  Their cold eyes dart around the camp as if gauging a threat and evaluating the camp.  Jake leads them directly to the Klarn.  As he passes Marissa, she spots an illegal laser pistol that the stranger is holding ready to fire. 
One stranger turns and aims a laser pistol at Katree and Marissa, then brutally commands, “Do not move.”  Marissa freezes in place holding her breath watching for the stranger's next move.  Katree stares wide-eyed at the newcomers visibly shaking as she stares at the laser pistol.
The Klarn slowly stand recognizing the pistols.  The stranger shoots Napayshni killing him immediately.  The second shot flickers then fails but severely burns Yahto who collapses screaming.  Marissa is sickened at the unprovoked cold-blooded killing and is afraid that the traders will be next.  Katree shudders then looks to Jake for a hint of the appropriate response.
Calmly without acknowledging the death that occurred, Jake introduces, “This is Oust and Jeffrey” pointing first to the one that killed Napayshni and then to the one aiming a laser pistol at Katree and Marissa.  “The Xeres representative sent them to pick us up, except the storm disabled their transport.  We need our com to call the base to dispatch another transport for us all.”  Neither look nor act like corporate employees.  They have the vicious hardness of mercenaries or pirates.
Glancing around the camp Oust orders, “Tie him up.”  Jake ties Yahto’s hands behind his back then Oust bashes the defenseless Yahto’s head with the laser pistol silencing him.  
Turning his back to Yahto, a worried Jake asks, “Where are the other two?”
Katree quickly answers, “Chaytan went to find you and Enapay is with the kirtags.” as she glances at the kirtags for Enapay.  Katree breathes a sigh of relief when she finds the pistols are in their holsters. 
Oust demands, “Where are the weapons?”
“They were unarmed!”  Protests Marissa as she resentfully watches Oust opening packs and tossing the contents.  He walks away tramping on the scattered contents while Marissa silently fumes at the callousness.
Jake informs Oust, “The two missing Klarn, Chaytan and Enapay, had the only weapons not these two.”  It is almost a protest on the killing but not forceful enough to be considered criticism.  Nor does he tell about the knife that he is carrying.  Apparently, he does not fully trust his new friends.
Turning to Jake, with a disgusted look at the weak protest, Oust directs Jake, “Then, make the call.”
Coolly Jake explains, “It is too early.  I have to do it at a specific time because of the storms.  In addition, the long distance tracer no longer works on this system.  We need to return to your transport to use its transponder to send the location signal.  The magnetic storms do not easily destroy transponders so yours should still function.”  Jake fears that calling the base will not produce the transport. 
“How long until you can make the call?” demands Oust as he prowls around the camp searching. 
“Not for at least 2 hours.  I want away from here before the other two Klarn return.  With your laser pistols unable to fire, that leaves the other two having the only weapons even if they are primitive.”  He is worried that Chaytan will soon return and blame him for Napayshni's death because he brought the two spacers to the camp.  
Thinking about the mercenaries and hoping for a clue to their intentions, Marissa asks, “How did you find us?”
Jeffrey rotates his arm to turn a wristband toward Marissa, “A short range tracker in your medical wrist band.”  Indicating the military had given the mercenaries the means to locate the traders.  The wristband tracker is sophisticated and restricted to police and the military. 
With a snort at the mess he created, Oust points to Katree and Marissa, “Pack up the field rations and crystals.”  He turns to Jake, “Pack the com.”  Katree and Marissa each quickly grab a pack, sort through the debris selecting field rations, quickly stuffing the packs, and then converting them to backpacks.
When Jake finishes packing the com, Jeffrey orders, “Let’s go ladies” sneering on the term ladies.  He jerks Marissa to her feet, hands her a backpack and pushes her toward Katree.  Fear compels Marissa not to antagonize them by even the slightest resistance.
In the dark, the rough terrain makes walking difficult with Marissa forced to follow Oust and Jake.  The second mercenary follows Katree and Marissa carrying his small dim light that does not extend beyond his feet.  As a result, Marissa and Katree keep tripping on unseen hazards.  Marissa's foot drops into an unseen hole causing her to fall on her hands and scraping her palm.  The mercenary grabs her pack forcing her upright.  She hears her tunic start tearing; the mercenary laughs then pushes her to stumble forward.  Marissa fears that he is like a predator stalking her ready to spring.  No one pauses or looks back, as they rush through the night.
Blindly stumbling into the mercenaries’ disabled transport, Marissa uses it to keep from falling again and immediately shrugs off the pack.  She slowly slides down and sits alongside the transport. 
Turning her back on Marissa, Katree joins Jake and the mercenaries.  “How soon will you be able to send a message?”  Katree asks, trying to gain the favor of the mercenaries, the current power in the group.
Jake sets up the portable com while cheerfully holding out a hand to Katree inviting her closer.  Jake explains for Oust’s benefit, “Not for another 30 minutes.  I have to wait until the next lull in the magnetic field.”
Disappointed with having to wait and spotting the packs, Jeffrey rummages and retrieves some field rations passing a packet to Oust.  When he finishes eating, Jeffrey smirks, “I am going to enjoy my waiting.”  He then walks to Marissa, forces her flat on the ground.  He clamps both of her wrists in one of his hands and uses the other to pummel her until she quits struggling.  By then her face is a bloody mess from cuts to her head and mouth.  Her face throbbing with pain as Jeffrey continues his assault.  When he is finished, he gets up from a moaning Marissa leaving her half conscious.
After a few minutes lying alone, Marissa realizes that it is over; she rolls to her side, slowly sits, and begins piecing her clothing together.  She feels mentally numb refusing to think beyond keeping as still as possible to minimize the pain and not draw further attention.
Neither Jake nor Katree will look at Marissa, or offer any help.  Jake clears his throat and powers the com unit.  On reaching the base, he reports, “Tell Goliath that I have a recording of the industrial complex in Dansk and a blue crystal.  I also watched the processing in the Klarn plant.  With the Klarn constantly present, I could not write a report.”
Grudgingly Marissa listened to Jake taking full credit for finding the blue crystal but did not include that the crystal is flawed.  He also implies that he has the processing information that Xeres desires making him important enough to keep alive.
Next, Oust takes the com. “This is Oust.  Send a transport before another storm.”  The rest of his conversation consists of yes and no.  When he finishes, he takes the wrist recorder from Jake and the blue crystal placing them in a compartment in his belt.  Now, Marissa fears that the mercenaries have everything that they were to retrieve.  This makes the traders expendable like the Klarn.  The mercenaries look able to kill the three traders with their bare hands.
Relaxed and smiling, Oust grabs Katree.  “It’s my turn to take care of an itch.  Jeffrey, you got the watch.”  Katree smiles at Oust, cooperates, and distracts the mercenary.  Both Jake and Jeffrey are concentrating on Oust with Katree that they are unaware of Enapay slipping behind Jeffrey and easily subduing him.  Chaytan brushes past Jake, places a knee in the middle of Oust's back almost crushing Katree beneath them and forcing Oust’s hands behind his back. 
With the mercenaries subdued, Chaytan stands over the mercenaries and demands, “Why did you attack the camp?”  Receiving no answer, he continues, “You have broken the treaty by traveling on Ninovan without permit, with illegal weapons, and killing Napayshni.  You will be taken to a magistrate for judgment and punishment.” 
Chaytan turns to Jake, “With Katree and Marissa riding double we can start for the base when Enapay returns bringing the kirtags.”
Jake haughtily tells Chaytan, “A transport is being sent by the base; we do not need the kirtags and will be gone before Enapay returns.”  
Before he leaves, Enapay checks Katree finding her unharmed then he disappears into the night.
Gentle hands lift Marissa’s chin.  She finds Chaytan kneeling in front of her assessing the damage to her face.  She knows it is not a pretty sight with her left eye nearly swollen closed, her jaw aching, her mouth sore where her teeth cut her cheek.  The rest of the cuts and bruises she feels but the clothes she pieced together hide them.  Chaytan turns the wrist with the medical wristband and observes the lights flashing both yellow and red indicating serious injuries.  He then glances at Jake and Katree’s bands noting both have more green than yellow lights. 
Marissa mumbles through the swollen and cut lips, “Pain Meds.”  She hopes that she is coherent enough to be understood.  Her left side is the most damaged including her hearing from blows to her ear and jaw. 
Chaytan hands her two pain tabs but her trembling hand makes taking the meds impossible.  Noticing her problem, Chaytan takes the meds and slips them between her lips.  The meds start dissolving on her tongue leaving a bitter taste but immediately numbing the cuts in her mouth.  She refuses the water knowing that it will only spill and dribble out her lips.
While Chaytan attends to her cuts on her face, Marissa watches Jake stand next to the mercenaries.  Although tears blur her vision, she sees Jake and the mercenaries with their heads together as Jake quietly releases the mercenaries.  Marissa catches sight of Oust creeping upon Chaytan; she whimpers, “Behind you.” as her face contorts in fear.  
The warning sends Chaytan, spinning around disrupting Oust’s attack by slamming his body into Oust’s knees causing him to fall.  Jeffrey attempts to aid Oust’s efforts but tangles instead with Oust’s sprawled legs as Chaytan rolls away and onto his feet.  He draws his sword using it to keep both mercenaries at bay.  By splitting apart, the mercenaries attack Chaytan from two directions.  One attempts to jump Chaytan from behind while the other distracts his attention.  The mercenaries fail to subdue Chaytan but with two antagonists circling and unsure of Jake, Chaytan is depending only on his sword skills.

Marissa slowly edges away from the fighting; slipping into the night.  She cannot afford any more physical damage nor can she aid Chaytan.  Both Katree and Jake skirt the fighting entranced by the battle.  The arrival of the transport interrupts the fight by firing a warning shot just beyond the antagonists.  
The transport lands near Marissa where she feels the heat and a blast of air causing her to stagger.  Jake and Katree abandon the com unit but grab the packs with the crystals.  They rush to the transport arriving as the transport doors open.
The mercenaries abandon the fight and race to the transport.  Marissa edging to the transport hesitates at the door, not wanting to travel with the mercenaries but knowing she must eventually return to the base.  In the rush to get to safety, the mercenaries push Marissa through the door.  Her head hits the floor; she blacks out missing the transports rise and Mike, the pilot, burning the area where Chaytan stands.
Chaytan slips out of the disabled shuttle where he hid after the transports warning shot.  He stares at the spot where he had been standing seeing the burned and charred grass and ground.  Relief that he ducked in time, does not stop the surge of anger at the loss of his prisoners.  With a shrug, he starts walking to meet Enapay, but his left leg starts to burn.  Chaytan finally notices the burn.  His boot suffered the most damage and protected his calf but the upper thigh has his trousers burned away and blisters forming on the burn. 
Chaytan turns back to the transport, finds the emergency medical kit, treats his burn, and takes some pain medicine.  As he resumes his walk, Chaytan plans the recovery of his prisoners.  He gets little comfort that he had the forethought to have a scout trail him as they left the station.  After escorting the traders to the spaceport, he was going to use the scout’s scooter to return quickly to his duties in Dansk.  Instead, the scout summoned aid for Yahto.  It was not enough to stop Napayshni’s murder.
Now he needs authorization to recover the mercenaries.  He is assuming the Klarn council will demand the return of the mercenaries to Klarn custody, and that the spaceport commander will deny it.  Since the prisoners escaped on a transport shuttle, they will be at the spaceport.  The magnetic storms will keep them on the planet allowing enough time to plan a full military raid.  Chaytan smiles grimly, anticipating the raid and the spaceport commander’s shock at the vulnerability of the port.  Additionally, the raid leader will be in debt to Chaytan for the opportunity of an actual raid rather than assigning training exercises to his troops.  Chaytan is mentally evaluating the militia teams that are near and available.
First step is the medical treatment for Yahto.  With that reminder, Chaytan's anger increases, his fists open and close at his sides in frustration wanting to get the mercenaries back in his hands.  Second is the activation of the pulse cannon and its support staff.  The last is the assembly of the raiding party.  All though the main council on Ninovan must approve a raid on the spaceport, Chaytan feels confident enough to plan a raid.  He wants the mercenaries punished for Napayshni’s murder, Jake, Katree and Marissa held as witnesses or as accomplices to the mercenaries, and Mike for burning him.  For Chaytan, the treaty violations are a minor part of the offenses.  Napayshni’s death is the major offense.
Dawn is just breaking when Chaytan spots Enapay and four Klarn all on scooters.  The initial report sent by Chaytan authorized a military alert and full support to deliver the prisoners to the magistrates.  The scooters were to expedite the prisoner’s delivery and Chaytan’s return to the rail station.  They already dropped Klarn to retrieve the kirtags, gear, and any evidence from the campsite.  Additionally, Chaytan learns that the council views the matter as a serious breach of the treaty and assigns it a priority rating.
Soon after arriving at the rail station, Chaytan sends a second report detailing the escape of the prisoners with the aid of the traders and asks authorization for a military raid to recover the mercenaries and traders.  The council’s answer is the arrival of Captain Ohanzee, his military unit and the pulse cannon specialists.
Captain Ohanzee salutes Chaytan, “The council has authorized the raid.  What are your orders?”
Chaytan returns the salute and tiredly states, “This raid is under your command.  I am injured and have not had any sleep for two days.  Additionally, you trained these troops.  You know their abilities.  Only Enapay and I have seen the mercenaries and will have to be added to your teams as advisers only.”
Smiling in relief, Ohanzee informs Chaytan, “We have been breaching their electronic barriers with single operators and infiltrating as part of the training.  Before the pulse cannon can disrupt the power on the base, we can capture the targets then during the initial confusion remove them from the base.  I do not expect co-operation from any of the targets and have authorized force to subdue them.  We need to be able to identify the targets.”
Grimly smiling Chaytan divulges, “Dansk security has pictures.”  Chaytan watches the troops emerge from the rail cars.  They are dressed in a new style black uniform with an attached hood.  With few spoken commands, they efficiently assemble their equipment and break into small groups. 
“Good.”  Ohanzee is relieved.  The pictures make identification a lot easier and security pictures are the best.  “I will have a set sent to Paytah.  He will provide the target locations.  His children have sharp eyes and miss little that occurs outside the buildings.  Also, the spaceport personnel are used to seeing the children playing and working in the fields outside the base and take little notice of them.”  
Pleased with the display of well-trained troops Chaytan asks, “I know Paytah, what will we owe for his recognizance?”
Ohanzee astonishes Chaytan with the revelation.  “It is Paytah’s militia duty that he elected to monitor the base.  The children drive the hardest bargain when we used them before.  They are sharp and thorough.  I fully expect one to ask to operate the pulse cannon when they learn it is operational.”
Nodding his agreement with Ohanzee’s opinion but impatient Chaytan asks, “How soon can we move?”
Mika, a female Klarn and head of the pulse cannon specialists, answers instead, “By night fall the cannon will be assembled and with a storm tonight the optimum time is midnight.  Earlier, I cannot guarantee complete and immediate power failure but an incremental failure as the magnetic storm strength increases.  Will this be a single attack?  Will we be disabling the spaceport as they repair it?  I have a new targeting system that may allow us to selectively target buildings that I want to try.”
“For now, a single attack but everyone remains on duty because that may change.”  Chaytan advises her.  He knows she will gladly wait for the chance to test her new system.
Ohanzee informs Chaytan, “There is time for you to have a healer treat that burn since we will be the last to leave here.  The troops are using infiltration tactics to enter slowly the spaceport.  It is good training and will not alarm the port if they do not see a large number of Klarn advancing in their direction.” 
Curious Chaytan asks, “How have you managed not to activate the spaceport intruder alarms?”  He questions Ohanzee’s confidence in infiltration the spaceport.
Glowing with pride, Ohanzee describes, “The weaver clan developed a new material containing shielding fibers.  When wearing the new cloth, you feel a sharp pain as you breach the barrier, but you are not disabled.  Initially, the spaceport investigated the alarms.  From some of the comments overheard, the spaceport believes the alarm is triggered by a small animal or bird.”
Concerned that Ohanzee might be over confident, Chaytan points out, “There is a complete 24 member unit entering the spaceport tonight.”
Ohanzee describes the past performance of his unit.  “Only the five section leaders will meet with Paytah to get the target's locations.  Everyone else will be on the base at his assigned assembly area.  I will admit that we placed the whole unit on the base only once before.”
There is one flaw in the plan that Chaytan needs Ohanzee to address.  “Neither Enapay nor I can get on the base until the barrier is down.”
“We brought extra cloaks.  These are the first prototypes.”  Ohanzee signals to have a folded black cloak handed to Chaytan.  “They work best if you allow them to drag on the ground.”
Night just outside the spaceport finds the raiders ready except for the target locations.  Paytah appears with three teenagers approximately 16 to 19 years.  Chaytan feels better about the recognizance with these three mature enough for their first militia training.
Paytah discloses to Ohanzee, “The traders and three strangers are in the building that they call the slums, Mike is on the first floor north side of the military barracks, and Marissa possibly is in the building called the brig.  The guards escorted a female dressed like a Klarn to the brig.  Since Marissa is not anywhere else, I assume she is in there and the only occupant.  The identification, in this case, is by the battered dress.”
“Accurate locations?” asks Ohanzee
“These join the watchers,” pointing to the teens.  “They will report to you if there is a change.”  Paytah expands on the surveillance, “There is an additional stranger staying in the Administration Center.  I do not believe that he is military.  Now, I have a question.  Will there be fireworks?  The little ones want to watch.”
Ohanzee shakes his head, “You raise a malicious bunch of demons that enjoy destruction as much as you.  Yes, the transports and the transport storage hanger are targets for the explosives.  Keep them away from those.  I am surprised that you did not ask to help with the explosions.”
Paytah sadly reports, “My Matre has demands that I must obey.”  Both Paytah and Ohanzee smile in good-natured amusement at his reply.
Getting back to business, Ohanzee assigns four teams.  He places Enapay with the largest group to extract Jake and Katree hoping two of the three strangers are the mercenaries.  The six demolition experts are to destroy the transport storage depriving the spaceport of transportation and creating a diversion.  A six man team is to extract Mike from the barracks leaving Chaytan to accompany Ohanzee to the brig incase the mercenaries are there. 
Ohanzee addresses the teams, “Force is authorized to make the targets tractable and quiet.  Use gags and restraints.  Remember that these have murdered unarmed Klarn.  Use infiltration tactics until the power is cut or an alarm.  Return to the scooters using the front gate and take the target back to the rail car.  Do not wait.  The alternate extraction point is behind the Medical Center with rendezvous at Paytah’s home.  Good hunting” 


Chapter 8: Spaceport  

Arriving at the spaceport, Mike sets the transport down next to the medical facility where Commander Saldicy, a civilian and the doctor are waiting.  After glancing at the med bands, the doctor ushers Marissa into a treatment room shutting everyone else out.
He helps Marissa to get on the table then positions a scanner over her to assess the damages.  His back is to Marissa while he evaluates the data generated as the scanner travels once slowly down her body then back up.  It stops over the areas where Marissa is seriously hurt. 
He turns and faces Marissa with a sympathetic smile, “There is no life threatening damage or internal injury just multiple cuts, severe bruising, and swelling.  The med bot will clean you, inject a more lasting pain medication that will relieve the pain for the next three days, and inject an antibiotic to fight possible infection.  Do you agree to the treatment?” 
“Yes.”  Marissa wearily replies.  Her answer automatically activates the med bot that was standing motionless against the back wall.  The bot moves to Marissa’s side opposite from the doctor and begins the treatment.  The first injection must have been the pain medication.  It reduces Marissa’s pain level more than the med tabs received from Chaytan.  Marissa relaxes as the medication eases her body not realizing that she has been holding muscles stiffly tense.
A monotone statement from the med bot, “The covering is not sanitary.  Remove or destroy.”  The bot waits for a response.
“Remove.”  Marissa starts removing the tunic afraid the bot will leave her with nothing to wear.  The bot waits then starts treating Marissa’s face.
The doctor waits for the med bot to finish Marissa’s face.  “The bot will apply a topical anesthetic to the bruises as it seals the cuts.  The swelling will decrease as healing progresses.” 
Grimly the doctor continues, “That will take care of the physical damages.  Treatment of the stress, terror and mental trauma from your ordeal, is highly recommended and encouraged.  For this, I need your cooperation and permission.  Patients find the easing of the memories aids and speeds their recovery allowing them to move on with their lives without adding to their distress.  I have an MMS and can aid you in this way.  Do you agree to the treatment?”
“NO!”  Screams Marissa.  Panicking, she attempts to get up but the med bot and the doctor restrain her.  The med bot gives Marissa a third injection as the doctor explains that it is a sedative to calm her.
“It is memory erasure, mind tampering, and manipulation.  No!”  Fear overwhelms her mind as she struggles against the sedative growing weaker, unable to move and loses consciousness.  The doctor finds Marissa’s extreme reaction to the MMS irrational.  He shrugs and leaves the med bot to finish the agreed upon treatment.  The med bot will notify him when Marissa is again conscious.
The doctor returns to the other arrivals finding only Katree.  The med bot is finishing Katree’s treatment for minor cuts and scratches.  The doctor inquires, “The med bot has treated the cuts.  Do you need treatment for assault?”
“No.  How bad is Marissa?  I am a crewmember with her on the Celeste.”  Katree asks as she remembers the beating Marissa received.  Happily, she is not in Marissa’s place and knows it easily could have been her.  She hopes that the treatment repairs the damage especially to Marissa’s face.
“Marissa is unconscious.  I will release her when she awakens.  Luckily, no bones are broken nor internal hemorrhaging but the beating will incapacitate her for a few days.  She needs rest.  She refuses treatment for the shock and trauma.”  The doctor considers Katree for a few moments, and then asks, “Can you convince her to accept treatment?”
With a sniff, Katree admits, “You will convince the wall to accept treatment before her.” 
Realizing the doctor has nothing more to add, Katree leaves to join Jake in the Administration Center where they are meeting with the Xeres representative.
Katree enters the meeting as Jake accuses the Xeres Representative of reneging on the agreement.  “You have my recording of the Klarn plant.  When will I get paid?”
Goliath condescendingly responds, “When the data is verified.  I am not paying for a blank recorder.  Where is the second recorder?”
“Your men have it and the blue crystal.  Since you and your people cannot enter the plant, how do you plan to verify the data?  Is this an excuse not to pay?  If it is, I want the recorder and crystal returned.” is Jake's counter demand.
“The data is easily verified.  If you agree to allow my technician run a MMS scan, the data is verified and additional observations are extracted.”  Goliath smiles at the traders as he points to his technician.
As Katree looks at Jake and nods her agreement, Goliath inquires, “Where is the other one?  We may as well get this done with all three at once.”
Katree answers, “Marissa is unconscious at the medical center.  The doctor said he would release her when she wakes.  Your men beat her badly.”  Her scathing glance toward Oust shows that she has little regard for him.
Discounting Marissa as unimportant Jake interrupts Katree to push Goliath for an agreement on the crystal price.  “The agreement was for payment for the crystals.  There is no verification needed on those.  We have a list of the crystals purchased and the price paid in Central Bank Credits.  The premium price is a 60% mark up according to our agreement but the blue is at 3 times that rate.  You have the crystal.  When will I be paid?”
Goliath motions to the mercenary sitting in the back of the room, “Oust, you have a crystal?  Give it here.”  Oust retrieves the crystal and hands it to Goliath who inspects it closely.  “I will pay the rate agreed for each ounce this crystal weighs.  The transaction is yours or the Celeste’s?”  Goliath watches Katree gasp as an expression of distrust escapes her control.  Goliath enjoys creating a rift between the two crewmembers.
Jake slowly answers, “Celeste” wishing that Katree had stayed at the medical center longer.  The crystal will bring closer to five times what they expected.  He is disappointed that Marissa did not find more.
“If you follow my technician, he will perform the scan.  When the scan is complete, the credit transfer for the blue crystal will be in the Celeste’s account.  I need to see the commander.  We can meet tomorrow to discuss the rest of the crystals and payments.” 
Jake and Katree follow the technician to a second room, not the medical center as they expected, where a MMS is setup and ready.  Goliath strides confidently to the commander’s office making himself comfortable and sampling the liquor from the commander’s private bar.
The commander storms into her office to find Goliath relaxed and waiting for her.  She rips into the Xeres representative, “I just came from a meeting with the Klarn.  The Klarn are demanding custody of both of your men for trial.  Charges are murder, attempted murder, assault, espionage, and breaking the treaty.  I do not know how they knew so fast.  I received the called for a meeting shortly after Mike returned with everyone.  The storms are wrecking communications but the Klarn seemingly have no problems.”
Smugly Goliath turns to the commander as he sips his drink, “Must I tell you how to do your job.  Counter charge that the Klarn attacked defenseless spacers whose shuttle was disabled by the storm and crashed.  The treaty was broken by the Klarn and we want the responsible Klarn to be turned over to spaceport command for trial.”
Goliath’s pompous pronouncement implies that the commander is incompetent; His irritating manner has Commander Saldicy snarling, “That will offend the Klarn.  The treaty specifically states that the Klarn hold the trials and sentencing for all Klarn, for spaceport personnel who violate the treaty, and for crimes committed by spaceport personnel on Klarn lands.  Additionally, everyone on Scheralt is subject to Klarn laws.  All of which the Klarn just reminded me in excruciating detail.”  Goliath’s eyes harden from hearing the commander dispute his proposal.  He refreshes his drink as he considers the problem.
Scheming to use the information Saldicy provided, Goliath narrows his eyes and grimaces in distaste, “Let us have the trial they want so badly, but demand that all testimony is monitored with the MMS.  Insist that the trial to be here at the spaceport.  That way all witnesses and accused remain in our custody and control.” 
Goliath advocates a variation of his original proposal despising the commander for not accepting immediately his ideas.  “Still bring charges of an unprovoked attack, and allow the Klarn to keep those in custody.  We get to scan completely the Klarn witnesses as part of the discovery of evidence.  We can obtain information we want from the Klarn while we are taking their ‘testimony’ and they will not even realize that they are providing it.”  With that, Goliath breaks into a malicious grin. 
The commander reviewing the situation, “Right now, you have one blue crystal, a recording that is short with little detail, MMS scans of the Traders that add almost nothing.  Yes, I received a copy of the scan immediately as I entered the building.  It all proves that the Klarn’s production plant is not disabled or breached.  What can a scan of the witnesses give you?”
Smiling at the commander with a sense of superiority, “We have the picture of the other trader leaving the complex in the company of one of the possible witnesses.  The trader and witness were both in the production plant for hours.  The right questions while being scanned will provide information on the process and help to infiltrate the plant.  We might even ‘convince’ the witness to work for us.”  Goliath finishes with a vicious laugh and a calculating coldness in his eyes. 
The commander represses a shudder as she realizes that Goliath means to manipulate the mind of the witness and implant commands, a misuse of the MMS possibly resulting in brain damage and insanity, a ruthless abuse of power and position.
“The Klarn may balk at being scanned but we have the trader in the medical center.  She refused treatment with the MMS to erase the memory of your men’s assault.  She has the right to refuse to be scanned.  The only way I can force treatment is if I designate her as an insurgent” Distaste of the idea fills the commander; she prefers a clean death to the manipulation of a mind but she has a lot to gain by working with Goliath.
With a growing repugnance for Goliath, she plans an approach to gain Marissa’s co-operation.  She will let Goliath promise the ‘carrot’ and she will supply the threats.  The doctor will notify her when he releases the trader, then she can implement her plan.
Waking groggy and lethargic, Marissa opens her eyes, sees a blurry image hovering and blinks her eyes to focus on the med bot.  She is still in the medical center.  A few minutes later, the doctor enters. 
“Feeling better?”  He solicitously asks while checking the monitors.  “Let me assure you that there will be no treatment unless you agree.  The sedative will keep you calm while we discuss the MMS procedures.”
Marissa interrupts, her thoughts and position intractable, “There is no discussion.  I do NOT agree to have that treatment.  No, Doctor there is nothing you can say that will change my mind.  I do not land on any planet that requires MMS checks because I do not trust the machine or the program.  I was on Terrahold during their uprising.  I have seen the results of the MMS when it is used.  Are you finished so I can leave?”
Reluctantly the doctor agrees to release Marissa from the Medical Center.  The rumors about Terrahold keep appearing no matter that the investigation found no evidence of mind tampering and manipulation.  His curiosity is piqued from the sheer panic that mentioning the MMS generated in Marissa.  Unreasoning panic is not a normal reaction by a person who just heard rumors.  For a trader to panic is even more unusual, since a version of the MMS is part of Cryo sleep.
Marissa leaves the Medical Center determined to get some food and get as far away as she can from the doctor and his procedures.  Her stomach growls a complaint about missing meals, making food her first priority.  As she finishes eating, a military aide approaches Marissa, increasing her uneasiness since returning to the Scheralt spaceport.
“I am to escort you to Commander Saldicy.”  A serious and grimly conscientious soldier informs Marissa.
Arriving at the Administration Center, the soldier places Marissa in a room containing a table and two chairs.  A much less friendly atmosphere compared to the VIP lounge where the traders met the commander before traveling to Dansk.  The walls are a stark and glaring white with no break in the surface.  The table and chairs are a plain grey metal.  Marissa slowly lowers herself into one of the hard uncomfortable chairs.  Even with the pain inhibitors, her body protests the movement.  She is facing the door where her escort stands with his arms folded across his chest as she waits for the commander. 
The coldness of the room escalates Marissa’s uneasiness to an alarm causing her heart to beat faster and a sick feeling in her stomach.  She now wishes she had not eaten.  
The first person to enter the room is a stranger.  “Hello Marissa.  I am Goliath of the Xeres Corporation.”  He extends his hand in greeting and grasps her forearm with his other hand to complete the handshake and exert his dominance.  “I am to evaluate the information you retrieved about the Klarn.”  He greets Marissa with a professional smile that he has pasted in place.  His forced friendly manner sets her internal alarms ringing. 
Marissa takes an instant dislike to Goliath and warily questions, “I was told that Commander Saldicy wants to speak with me.”
“Yes, the Commander will be in shortly but everyone felt that it is better if I present my proposal first,” slyly explains Goliath as the guard leaves closing the door. 
Goliath eases into the chair facing Marissa, his eyes do not reflect his smile.  He begins by mildly criticizing, “Marissa, you have not returned the recorder that Jake gave you nor reported what you saw at the trade center.  Both Jake and Katree have told us what they saw and submitted to the MMS for enhanced and more detailed reporting.”  
“The recorder was torn off my wrist by Jeffrey.  I am surprised he has not given it to the commander.  It is military property.”  Marissa cautiously replies.
Ignoring Marissa’s reply, Goliath tries overcoming her apparent distrust.  “The bonus offered may still be yours if your report can give us information on the processes.  You are the Maintenance Engineer on the Celeste.  Your observations and understanding of the technical aspects of the Klarn plant can be beneficial to all and especially yourself.”  He appeals to her professional pride to get her to start talking about what she saw in the industrial complex.
Uncomfortable with the charm oozing from Goliath, Marissa lies, “I was never in the industrial complex.  I have nothing to report.”  She maintains a calm denial keeping her face bland, a technique that has proven convincing in the past.
Goliath’s mouth forms a thin tight line of disapproval.  His tone turns frosty, “This is you leaving the complex.”  He places a picture of Marissa and Chaytan outside the industrial Complex.  “You can start with the night you returned late to the housing complex at the trade center.  Tell us what you did.  From what we can tell you spent nearly four hours in the facility.”  
Marissa stares at the grainy picture slowly realizing the details are not clear enough to recognize her.  “Chaytan took me to the top of the mountain to view the light show that would be at its height at midnight.  After that he brought me back to the trade center.”
Inwardly fuming Goliath insists, “You were there during a magnetic storm.  The machines were not idle.  You had to have seen something.  Agree to memory enhancement with the MMS.  It extracts the details that you do not easily recall and verifies your statements.  If you were not there, the MMS will verify that.”
Marissa says nothing just keeps shaking her head in disagreement.
Calming himself, he presents a soothing conciliatory advocacy for the MMS.  “I understand.  New experiences easily frightened many but the MMS is a reader only.  It will aid you in remembering.”  Marissa shudders at the smoothly delivered lie and fake concern.  Her opposition disturbs Goliath.  He has easily manipulated opponents that are more sophisticated. 
Quickly smiling again, Goliath believes he has leverage to obtain Marissa’s co-operation.  “Co-operating can be very beneficial to you.  Xeres Corporation can be very generous to those that aid us.  We can get certification for engineers.  You want certified to get better berths than on ships like the Celeste.  There is also training, education that Xeres corporation can provide the funds or pay the academy.  Afterwards, we can offer a corporate job on a corporate ship with top pay.  I think you should consider the advantages of co-operating with us.” 
Thinking to remind Marissa of the repercussions, Goliath feigns a sympathetic manner, “Your captain and shipmates will appreciate the benefits of your co-operation.  Their disappointment can make shipboard life intolerable and accidents happen.  I will leave you to think about this before we continue our discussion.”
Rising from her chair Marissa gets in Goliath’s face, “No!  I will not have that machine manipulating my mind.”
Goliath replies, “I am surprised that you believe the uninformed myths about the MMS.  The MMS cannot manipulate and erase memories.  Think well about what I am offering you” 
Goliath rises still smiling confidently that he will be getting what he wants regardless of Marissa’s assertion to the contrary, “The commander also wants to help you understand your position.”
Goliath leaves as the commander enters.  “Sit.”  The commander stands not taking the seat that Goliath used.  “You had better understand.  Xeres Corporation is my way off this backward planet.  Their influence with the promotion board will allow me to retire at a higher rank.  The opening of the Xeres production plant guarantees enough extra credits that I can retire on a pleasure planet, live in one of the Biodomes with filtered air, clean water and a controlled climate.  Otherwise, my retirement is with the rest of the population in crowded tenements, polluted air, contaminated water, and a very short retirement.  No deadbeat trader is going to ruin my promotion or retirement.”
Sneering at Marissa as she leans on the table staring into her eyes to emphasis her point, “You will cooperate willing or unwilling.” 
With a derisive snort the commander adds, “Xeres Corporation wants you to think about the good they can do you but I want you to do think about this; I have the power to declare you an insurgent.  As an insurgent, I can imprison you without trial, and force compulsory treatment with the MMS.  Compulsory may not get as much data as voluntary but it is much more painful.  Then there is the theft of military equipment.  Both Jake and Katree have sworn that you had a military grade recorder.  I have no record of one issued to you but there are military weapons and equipment missing and a recorder is one of the missing items.  It is all I need to convict you of insurgency.  I do not have to wait for your answer, I can have the MMS treat you now, but Xeres is generously offering to give you a choice.  You have until tomorrow.”
“Guard!  Take her to a holding cell.”  The commander shouts without removing her gaze from Marissa.
The guard leads Marissa to the military brig with holding cells in the basement.  She has room to stand in front of a bare cot that does not have a blanket or pillow.  The cell consists of three gray walls isolating Marissa from any other prisoner with the fourth wall comprised of bars including the cell door.  After closing Marissa in the cell, the guard explains that the locking completes a circuit to shock anyone touching the bars.
Marissa sits on her cot not able to sleep due to the cold that permeates the underground cell and the bright light emitted from the single row of lights running outside the barred wall.  Pacing would help warm and tire her but there is not enough room to move beside her cot. 
Shivering Marissa contemplates her future; tomorrow she will lose a part of herself.  The military did not arrest or confine the mercenaries.  She saw them enjoying dinner with the Xeres personnel before she was escorted to the Administration Center.  It is beneficial to the Xeres Corporation to have the murder and assault erased; no memory, no damage no punishment.  The mercenaries walk free to do it all again protected by the corporation.  
Next, the memory enhancement, hours of repeating the few moments in the Klarn industrial plant.  The MMS repeatedly forcing recall with Marissa helpless to stop the procedure and Xeres personnel in complete control.  Marissa shutters as she dredges up seeing family and friends turned to complete strangers from the MMS.  The opposition turned to compliant drones agreeing to corporate policies even though the policies damaged their health.  Depression and despair are clawing at her forcing her to accept that there is no way to avoid the raping of her mind. 
Suddenly, the lights flicker and go out, enveloping the cell in complete blackness and smothering silence.  The fans circulating the air, which provided a backdrop of noise, have stopped.  The darkness is disorienting obliterating all sense of direction with fear threading through Marissa immobilizing her on the cot.  She dares not move off the cot fearing the electrified bars.
The darkness explodes with a deafening roar and a loud crash.  She hears the tread of running feet approaching her cell.
Next, she unexpectedly hears Chaytan, “Get under the cot” Frozen in shock Marissa stares at two hulking apparitions standing at the cell door.  One has a small dim light pointed at the cell lock.  The light flashes into her eyes blinding her.  Chaytan impatiently yells, “Get under the cot and cover your ears.  Now!”  Marissa jerks into motion falling to the floor and sliding under the cot as a second explosion shakes the cell.
The cell door crashes against the wall and Chaytan squeezes through the opening, bends down and grabs her arm.  He has no problem finding her in the dark.  He yanks her to her feet and drags her out of the cell.  Marissa whimpers as she trips and bangs her shins on the leaning cell door.  Chaytan neither pauses nor releases her arm.  Forcing a stumbling Marissa to keep pace, Chaytan races to the brig’s entrance right behind his companion.  Marissa is breathless from running behind Chaytan, tripping on the steps, skinning her knees as he repeatedly pulls her to her feet. 
At the entrance to the brig, the Klarn flatten to the wall peering out the door.
Marissa gasps, “What are you doing here?”
Glancing at a disheveled Marissa, Chaytan grins, “Acquiring the murderers and the criminals that broke the treaty.”
“I’m not a criminal or a murderer,” blusters Marissa.
“Do you want to stay?  Grimly asks Chaytan.  Then turns to his companion, “Is it clear?”
His companion grimaces with a shake of his head dropping two piles of black gooey clay at the bottom of the door, then swiftly strides to the back of the building where he plasters more of the black compound on the wall.  They duck into a room pulling Marissa with them just before another set of explosions rock the building.  Not waiting for the dust to settle, they run to the back wall where both Klarn attack the wall that is crumbling from the explosion clearing an opening.  Chaytan grabs Marissa drawing her through the hole and hauling her across the open area to the back of next building where they rest for a moment.
Marissa is gasping for breath with a stitch in her side waiting for the next mad dash.  She does not know if she can keep up with the Klarn.  Only the pain medication made it possible for her to get this far. 
Chaytan explains, “We can not get off the base by the front gate.  There are troops panicking and shooting at anything that moves.  The alternate plan is to exit behind the Medical Center but we need a distraction to draw the troops toward the transport storage.  We need it now.  The storage is to blow in about five minutes.” 
Panting Marissa tells Chaytan.  “I am slowing you.” 
Chaytan stops Marissa with a finger over her lips, “You are to walk in the opposite direction until you leave the base behind the Medical Center.  Ohanzee and I will blow the storage early drawing the troops away from you.”
Shoving Marissa in the direction, he wants her to go; Chaytan turns and with Ohanzee runs to the transport’s storage.  Marissa walks slowly to the base barrier when a series of explosions shake the ground and a blast of air knocks her off her feet. 
As she stands regaining her balance, a group of soldiers come running from around the Medical building directly towards her.  They stumble to a halt bewildered to see her.  Marissa quickly realizes that they are assuming she is Klarn by her dress.  Hoping not to be stopped she turns to slide past them when one yells, “Halt!”  He walks up to her shining a small light.  “I know you.  The commander put you in the holding cell.  You are coming with us.”


Chapter 9: Escape  

The troops take Marissa to the Medical Center, which has red emergency lighting and some electrical power.  They report to the Commander’s aide that they found Marissa wandering the base. 
“Find a place to lock her up and place a guard on the door.  The commander has more important problems to deal with than traders wondering the base,” complains the Aide dismissing the guards and Marissa. 
Leaving the building Marissa tries to convince the guards that the Aide meant Marissa was free to leave.  “As you see I am not wanted here.  I’ll just leave you to your duties.”  Marissa hopes to extricate herself by smiling at the guards and prying at the guard’s tight grasp on her arm.
“Not so fast.  The commander had you in a holding cell and until I hear otherwise, you will remain locked up.  Someone destroyed the brig and it might be to free you.  The aide said locked up and guarded,” proclaims Bart, the leader of her new captors.
“The buildings are locked, we can’t get into any of them,” gripes a second soldier as he looks around at the other buildings.  “Without power the doors locked automatically.  Once we left the barracks, we could not get back inside.  The hospital is open because of the emergency power is operational that’s why the commander has it as the command center.”
“The orders are to break the door into any locked building.  In the supply warehouse, there is a room with a broken mechanical lock and no windows.  We can stash her there and post a guard.” 
The magnetic aurora dimly lights their way to the warehouse where they find the entrance door missing.  The interior is an impenetrable dark that Bart’s small hand held lamp dimly lights only a few feet inside the door.  “Wait here until I return.  Carlson, bring her.  You will need your lamp and spare power pack.”  Leaving the patrol to wait, he leads Marissa into the warehouse.  Marissa shuffles along barely seeing where she is walking until Bart stops in the middle of the warehouse in front of a plain unmarked door. 
“This is it.  I was stuck in here last week when the door closed.  I could not open it from the other side.  Stay out here while I make sure this is right.”  Bart tows Marissa through the door allowing it to close.
When the door closes, the room plunges into a stifling black darkness.  Marissa jerks away from Bart.  He chuckles at her reaction.  “I am too tired to mess with you.  You will be more agreeable after a few hours in here.”  Bart tries the door, finds it still will not open from the inside, and then yells for his companion to open it. 
Marissa slides down the wall just inside the door and listens to Bart assign his companion to guard the door.  “I will see that you get relieved after we finish the patrol.  Use the lamp sparingly.  I do not know if we have many spare power packs.” 
The room is hot with a stagnant smell of an unused room consisting of stale air and dust.  Finally, falling asleep in spite of the close atmosphere in the room, Marissa slumps to one side across the doorway.  When the door jerks open it jars her awake. 
The guard tosses in the room a packet of field rations and a bottle of water then slams the door shut.  In the darkness, Marissa slowly feels along the floor for the water, finding the rations first then the water.  The water relieves her thirst, revives her to where she can think.  Marissa begins to examine her prison by touch finding a narrow room with rows of locked cabinets lining both sides.
Finding nothing loose or discarded Marissa sits discouraged against the door trying to recall the little she could see in the dim light when the door was open.  Bart mentioned a lock but Marissa remembers only a single latch.  She slowly examines the door to make sure.  Her fingers encounter the one latch.  Nor did she hear a second lock or bolt after the door closed.  She tries the latch and is not surprised that it does not open the door.
Marissa tears a strip of cloth from her ruined tunic and folds it into a small wad that fits in her palm.  She kicks the door to get the guard’s attention and asks for a restroom break.  Amazed that he agrees by opening the door, Marissa surreptitiously checks the latching mechanism barely able to see it in the gray light seeping into the warehouse. 
It suddenly dawns on Marissa that the gray light illuminating the warehouse is from the sunlight of a new day.  Her MMS treatment is today.  The thought feeds her fear and drives her to attempt anything to escape.  Desperately, when she returns to her prison, she grabs the door and balks.  The guard forces her hand away from the doorframe thrusting her into the room but her other hand jammed the small cloth wad into the latch plate.  As the door closes, Marissa listens carefully to hear if the latch engages and quickly grabs the handle, in case the guard checks the latch.  Now she waits for night or the arrival of an escort to take her for treatment.
The gray light in the warehouse does not penetrate the Marissa's prison.  Bored, restless, and trying to keep panic at bay, Marissa starts pacing the room.  Blindly walking to the far wall dragging a hand along the cabinets, Marissa counts the steps.  There are eight paces.  Walking heal to toe makes it 18 of Marissa’s feet.  She knows she is silly calling it the new official measure, a Marissa foot.  Tiring she lays down for a nap praying that everyone has forgotten her.
A gruff disgruntled voice outside the door wakes her, “I am to relieve you.  You need to get some sleep before your team takes perimeter guard duty for the midwatch.  The watch captain wants everyone on the perimeter to get some sleep before starting that duty.  Enjoy your rest.  I’m not getting any.  I have been up for two days; I get this watch and no sleep.”
Sympathetically, the guard grumbles, “You could sleep and no one would know.  No one has checked since I started early this morning.  The prisoner can’t open the door.  I do not why the officers insist on wasting time guarding her.  Where can she go if she does get loose?”
Marissa quickly grabs the latch holding the door closed as the new guard rattles the latch.  Her heart is rapidly pounding with fear that the guard will discover her efforts.  Then she realizes that holding the latch is a waste of time.  The latch only works from the other side.  She is feeling foolish.
Marissa listens to the retreating steps of the one guard as she hears the other slide down the wall to sit.  Marissa lies on the floor with her face at the bottom edge of the door to catch the slight amount of cooler air seeping under the door’s edge.  Excited by what she heard, Marissa tries to calm herself and nap.  The change in guards indicates that it is evening.  A few more hours and she can try to escape. 
She awakens from a doze by the sound of heavy breathing that sounds almost like snoring.  Hoping that she did not sleep all night, Marissa tries to open the door.  It thwarts her plans by remaining firmly latched.  Groaning in despair, she closes her eyes.  She thinks about giving up but that means Jeffrey, Bart, and Goliath win.  .Instead, the thought ignites her temper.  Grabbing the latch she twists, pulls and pushes in frustration when with a snick the door bursts open almost throwing Marissa to her knees.
Panting from her fury, she stands enjoying the cooler air of the open warehouse.  The warehouse is as dark as her prison and she cannot find her guard except by the sound of his breathing.  She stands still listening to make sure that there is no change to the regular breathing of the sleeping guard then turns, pulls the wad out of the latch and closes the door.  That should keep her escape from discovery at least until morning.
Marissa needs the light the guards have been using.  She crawls using her hands to find him then lightly runs her hands over his hunched form.  Frustrated in not finding the lamp she moves back and knocks an object that rolls away.  The noise sounds like a drum roll drowning the noisy breathing of her guard.  Freezing in place Marissa listens to the guard who continues to sleep.  Releasing her breath, she hunts and finds the lamp that the guard must have dropped when he fell asleep. 
Marissa cautiously uses the light as she approaches the warehouse door.  With the power off, the light is a danger by attracting immediate attention and notice but it is a necessity to keep her from tripping.  Thankfully, the warehouse is the last building before the landing field and usually does not have any activity around it unless a shuttle arrives with supplies. 
Slipping out of the warehouse, Marissa sees the area bathed in flickering greenish blue light from the magnetic storm.  The lights add an odd beauty to the utilitarian buildings as if their natural grey color enhances the lights.  The effect on Marissa is disorienting as she tries to remember the layout of the buildings.
She leans against the warehouse and evaluates her best path off the base.  There is a wide margin between the spaceport buildings to the perimeter that troops are now patrolling.  Anyone crossing the border will be visible and have no place to hide.  There are guards at the gate and a concentration of guards around the Administration Center and Medical.  She could try just walking away but her clothes brand her as a Klarn making her easy to recapture or kill.
Scurrying as fast as her abused body permits, she arbitrarily moves to the nearest building thinking that being inside should be safer than in the open.  Marissa muffles the light against her skirt giving a dim illumination to the interior.  To her horror, she finds cots and broken doors surrounding her with the soldiers sprawled in a haphazard array.  Initially, she stands frozen.  When no one shouts an alarm, she looks for a place to hide.  Marissa ducks into a dark room and quickly flashes her light around to discover she is in a small empty office.  
Calming, she slowly scans the office a second time.  There is a desk and a few chairs but the room is bare of any personal items except for a uniform.  Whomever the uniform belongs to, tossed it on the desk as if in a hurry to leave.  Marissa picks it up and finds that it is clean.  It can replace the medical’s scrubs she is wearing over her torn tunic.  
The uniform is too large for her small frame with no belt the pants are slipping off her hips.  She finds a pair of scissors in the desk drawer that she uses to cut her torn skirt into strips.  She uses the strips to make a crude belt.  Then she pulls the shirt out to drape over and hide the ties.  It will not survive a close inspection but she plans to stay in the shadows and avoid everyone.  She hopes that the night and exhaustion will allow her to pass as a soldier if seen at a distance.
.Marissa leaves the office and silently glides past exhausted men, waking no one.  She sighs in relief as she leaves the barracks and moves toward the next building. 
As she turns the corner of the building, Marissa recognizes the Medical Center.  She stands in the shadows watching the soldiers dragging out boxes of field rations.  One starts assigning soldiers to distribute the rations to the Administration Center, and then guard stations.  He captures Marissa's attention when he calls for the front gate, then thrusts the rations and water at a soldier without even noticing who receives the packets.  Next, he calls for the west gate; Marissa decides to gamble and shambles into place to take the packets.  The waiting soldiers listlessly stare at Marissa but the one distributing the rations dumps the box in her arms without a glance and moves to the next.  Luckily, the night and the flickering light from the aurora mask her damaged face and the ill-fitting uniform.
Marissa turns and walks to the west gate partially hiding her battered face behind the box.  Her sluggish steps mimic the weary troops.  When she approaches, the guard starts smiling and grabs the box from her reaching for the rations and water not looking closely at her.  Marissa backs away, turns, and stumbles into the night using her last bit of energy.  She looks back and falls as the guard fires his weapon barely missing her.  She lies still where she fell as the guard turns on a search light trying to find her.  As the light roams over the ground outside the gate, a series of pings erupt just before a crash as the light flashes out.  Using the dark Marissa crawls further away until a pair of boots blocks her advance.  She looks up into the steely gaze of an armed native.  
The Klarn grabs Marissa by her arms and lifts her to her feet, “Who are you?  And why do you run from your own?”  The dark obscures his features enhancing the menace in his harsh demands.
“I’m Marissa.  I want to see Chaytan.”  She pleads almost crying in desperation.
He takes Marissa to a small building in the village outside the spaceport.  As soon as they enter the room, a Klarn sitting behind a table evaluates and listens to the report delivered by her new captor. 
“You say you are Marissa but you have no resemblance to the image.  Cheveyo reports that you came from the spaceport” challenges the Klarn as he examines documents on the table in front of him and then stares suspiciously at her.
Marissa watches him with nothing to say.  After a few minutes, he continues, “You will be taken to the others.  They are equipped to solve puzzles.  I do not have the means or the time.” 
“Remove the wrist band, transport her to the rail head, and send this message cube with her.”  He orders the Klarn holding her as he hands a yellow crystal cube to him.  Her guard removes the medical wristband and places it on the table.  Before Marissa is lead away, he warns, “We are in a high alert, you are not Klarn.  As an offworlder, you are an illegal alien.  There are no protections for you.  Do NOT disobey the guards.” 
“Why is she trying to look like a boy?”  A whisper comes from a child peeking from behind the Klarn.  He answers her, “Offworlders do not like girls.”  The little girl snickers, as Marissa is lead from the room.  As harsh as the native sounded to her the little girl had absolutely no fear of him.
After Marissa leaves, the Klarn picks up the wristband thoughtfully staring at it.  He calls, “Caske!” when a youth appears he hands the wristband to him.  “This is supposedly not traceable but I want to test the truth of it.  You are accurate with that slingshot.”  It is a statement not a question.  The youth nods and waits.  “Before dawn, send this back to the base but away from notice and activity.  Assign one to watch.  If it is found, I want to know when and all details.”
Marissa is lead to a group of Klarn guarding scooters that have an attached box.  Her captor orders her, “Get in.” as the he points to the box. 
Marissa looks at the box deciding she will not fit, shakes her head, and tries to back away.  The Klarn grabs her upper arms lifting her.  Marissa rebels twisting and kicking at the native.  He drops her and calls out.  Marissa is too exhausted and sore even to try to move away from him.  This time two Klarn hold her while a third ties her wrists and ankles then they force her into the box.
With her knees bent to her chest, Marissa sits cramped tightly in the box resting her chin on her knees and clasping her arms around her bent legs.  Waiting for the Klarn’s next move, Marissa realizes the futility and stupidity of fighting or resisting, at her best she could not win against a man.  She feels that there will be permanent bruising on her upper arms, the Klarn’s favorite place to lift and immobilizer her.  She promises herself, in the future, to stay out of arms reach, which may stop them from dragging and towing her wherever they want.
As soon as the lid clamps on the box placing Marissa in the dark, the scooter takes off at full speed jerking her head back hitting the box’s lid.  The turns knock Marissa against the sides adding to her bruises.  There is some airflow but the box is stifling.  After hours of weaving and bouncing, Marissa has a headache that the pain med’s she received cannot dull.  Her muscles are cramping and her mind is blank.
When the scooter stops with a jolt, she pitches forward with the top of her head hitting the front of the box.  As the lid lifts, Marissa gasps drawing into her lungs the fresh cool air and gains the added relief that she can straighten a little.  With more prodding and pulling, her captors force her out but she can barely walk from the battering and cramping.  Confused and disoriented, Marissa staggers into the rail car.  Her guards shove her into a seat where she passes out from exhaustion.
When the car stops, it is night and Marissa has slept the whole trip and apparently the whole day.  The guards behave like the Kirch, treating her to silence not speaking in her presence even in their own language.  A second group of guards meets them at the station.  They take custody, march her into a mountain cave system, and place her in an isolated cell.
This cell has four walls of undecorated stone; the floor is smooth stone and the ceiling dimly seen.  Located about seven feet from the floor are two-inch flat strips ringing the room and emitting the light.  Other than a stone shelf about three feet off the floor, the room is bare of furnishings.  The cell is like the one at the spaceport, neither have blankets but this one has room to pace and no bars.  Marissa has left one prison and landed in another.  She rubs her arms from the chill hoping that she will not be here long.
****
At the Scheralt spaceport, Commander Saldicy and Goliath are meeting to discuss the fiasco that has resulted from the raid.  Her temporary office is in the Medical Center frustrates Goliath because it allows little privacy with the constant updates by the commander’s staff.  Much of what he wants to discuss he wants to do in private with not accidental witnesses.
Gleefully Goliath addresses commander Saldicy, “Trespassing, Kidnapping, destruction of spaceport properties.  This raid is justification to bring in a battleship and discipline theses animals.  We can take the factories and supplies by force.  The natives have handed us a golden opportunity”
Commander Saldicy grimly lists errors in Goliath’s assessment, “There is no trespass.  The treaty gives the Klarn the right to enter the spaceport at anytime.  The Klarn own the property.  We get its use but the Klarn bought it all, every piece of equipment, buildings and weapons.  Unless the Klarn complain about the destruction of their property, there is no spaceport property destroyed.”
With a scowl replacing Goliath’s glee, “The kidnapping of innocents.”  He grasps at the item the commander did not include in the explanation.
Commander Saldicy snorts at referring to the mercenaries as innocent.  She earnestly clarifies, “Treaty breaches are tried by the Klarn.  By the terms of the treaty, the Klarn have the right to capture and hold the accused that have violated Klarn laws.  The only position we can take is the traders had permits to travel on the planet and have not violated any Klarn law.  If the Klarn release the traders, we do not have even that weak cause.  A battleship commander will want a very solid incident before he commits his ship.”
Goliath dismisses Commander Saldicy’s concerns, “Battleship commanders want promotions.  The destruction of property has endangered lives and the kidnapping of innocents can be justification.  I need to see what my PR team can do with it.”
Commander Saldicy believes Goliath is insane.  Obtaining a battleship involves too many people and raises too many difficult questions.  He is wrong about battleship commanders, not all commanders want promoted away from a position where they are the supreme authority. 
Exasperated with Goliath’s scheming, Commander Saldicy patiently explains, “You do not understand how dire the situation is.  The only power is in the Medical Center and that is a small emergency power plant.  We are living on field rations.  We cannot send a distress call.  Additionally, the supply ship will not arrive for three long months.  We have always used native foods to minimize the cost to supply the starport and the natives have stopped the food deliveries.  There are not enough field rations to last until the supply ship arrives.
Pausing in her explanation, the commander questions Goliath, “That reminds me.  When will your ship send a shuttle?”
“Not unless I request it.  The captain is under strict orders not to interfere with me.”  The commander’s news has shaken Goliath.  He is realizing that he might be in trouble.
Commander maliciously points out, “You will be eating rations or helping gather native food with the rest of us.  Unless the natives start deliveries, we will have to hunt and butcher animals ourselves.  We will be out of drinking water before then.  The water recycling plant is running in manual mode and cannot provide enough water.  We are going to be dependent on the generosity of the Klarn before this is over.”
Goliath stubbornly insists, “If you want Xeres Corporation support for your promotion and transfer, find a solution.  I want control of the shielding production.”  As he leaves the commander, he does not bother to close her door.
The Commander considers her options; Xeres Corporation has the influence to help or harm her career.  The mercenaries work for the corporation and the traders have an agreement with the corporation.  The only people to tie her with the Xeres Corporation are Goliath, Mike, and maybe Marissa. 
Goliath has changed their agreement.  Saldicy was to destroy the production plant after recording the processes forcing the Klarn to use Xeres facility.  Mike failed to get the process and now Goliath wants a battleship, which is not easily accomplished.
The only true justification for a battleship is complete destruction of the base and all personnel.  If killing one Klarn generated a raid, would destroying the production complex generate a rampage by the Klarn?  Would that be justification for the battleship?
“Lieutenant Dracon!”  The commander bellows for her aide.
“Yes Sir” He hustles into the office and waits for orders.
“Check all the available weapons.  I want an assessment of our capability to defend this base or destroy an armament hoard.  First, have the maintenance chief and Lieutenant Rossinger report to me.”  The commander wants to know if she has the capability to destroy the production.  As part of that assessment, she needs the maintenance chief to start an investigation of the mass equipment failure.
The commander contemplates the possible actions of the natives.  The Klarn can lodge a complaint to the commander of the supply ship and demand an inquiry or eject all spaceport personnel that also will generate in inquiry.  Either will wreck her career even if the inquiry results in assessing her no fault.  
If she does not comply with Goliath’s demands, what damage can Goliath do?  Goliath and his aide are the only Xeres personnel that could damage her military career.  They cannot communicate with their headquarters or their ship and the commander can control the communications when re-established.  With a malicious grin, Commander Saldicy recalls Goliath’s threat that accidents are a hazard on unfamiliar planets.  Feeling more in control, Commander Saldicy implements a few contingency plans using her position of military commander of the spaceport and knowing the military personnel will not question their orders.
The Commander’s aide knocks smartly and waits.  Saldicy acknowledges, “Enter.  What is now wrong?”
“The trader, Marissa, escaped confinement last night.  The guards found her medical wristband discarded near the recreation center.  Do you want to divert troops to search the base?”
“No.  If she is on the base hunger and thirst will bring her to us.”  Sighing as she dismisses the aide.  The Commander believes the Klarn have Marissa making their raid a complete success.  It is galling that non-military, untrained natives have wrecked her command.  The shielding failed.  Either the magnetic storm overwhelmed the shields or it was sabotage.  The traders did not have the time; the natives avoid the base, which leaves Xeres.  
When Lieutenant Rossinger arrives, the commander orders him, “Assign security to watch all Xeres personnel.  Then, set up a review of all security recordings.  I want a complete investigation of the movements of the Xeres personnel from the time they arrived on Scheralt.”  Commander Saldicy is afraid that Goliath will use any means to get his results.  Creating an incident to justify a battleship is a distinct possibility.  She has been too lax in not watching the ambitious Xeres Representative closer.  The man’s self-important arrogance is making him blind to reality.  Sending in mercenaries and killing natives may work on other worlds but the commander is afraid that it will not work on Scheralt.  She read one of the sealed reports that mentioned the native’s successful revolt.
****
At Paytah’s house a report is also made, “The wristband was found.  The spacers walked straight to it.  I came to report as soon as they left.  They did not see me.  The wristband was about 600 meters inside the spaceport.”
“Caske, your best distance is 300 meters.  You were not to go onto the spaceport.”  The admonishment did little to diminish Caske’s pride in his accomplishment.  Paytah admits the information is important enough to add to his report to the Klarn’s militia that the medical wristband is a means to trace the wearers.


Chapter 10: Trial  

Marissa sits on the shelf trying to ignore her hunger and thirst.  Finally, she tries the cell door and as she expected, finds it locked or barred.  Figuring she has nothing to lose she pounds on the door which is instantly opened by a glaring Klarn.  Marissa hits him before she can stop her pounding finding the Klarn’s chest as hard as the door.  She complains, “I am thirsty, hungry, and cold.  Can’t you give me some water and at least a blanket?”
The Klarn slams the door in her face.  Marissa returns to sit on the bed rubbing her arms to get warm and feeling overwhelming helplessness.  She hears the door open and watches as a blanket drops to the floor with a flask landing on top of it.
The door closes before Marissa can say anything to the Klarn.  She rushes to grab the flask before it can be withdrawn finding it contains fylar juice.  Throwing the blanket over her shoulders as a shawl, she returns to the bed sipping the fylar juice.  Marissa knows that she will miss the juice when she leaves Ninovan.  She wonders if it stores and ships well.
Although, she has slept most of the day, the quiet cell and the warm blanket induces her to doze most of the night in spite of the hard bed.  She does not realize that it is morning until a Klarn enters her cell and motions for her to accompany him.  He escorts her to breakfast where he stands silently and watches her select food that is displayed buffet style.
As she finishes eating, a Klarn escorts Katree to the buffet.  Katree shudders and turns to the Klarn, “I can’t eat this.  You are trying to poison me.”  The Klarn removes a black box from his belt, speaking into it and then a young Klarn appears with a field ration packet and bottled water.  She grabs both and stalks toward Marissa but the Klarn blocks her from sitting and joining Marissa.  With her guard standing at attention behind her, Katree sits at the table next to Marissa.
“This is the first food that I have received since I was taken.  It was terrifying; hauled from bed in the middle of the night, tied and gagged, dragged across the spaceport.  Next I was stuffed into a cramped box on the back of a scooter that bounced and bruised me for hours before dumping me in a rail car ending in a cell here.”  Katree rattles on.  “No one will answer me.  I thought you were safe in the brig and not captured like Jake and me.  Is everyone from the spaceport here?  Is the port destroyed?  I heard explosions.” a frightened Katree pauses to give Marissa a chance to answer.
Speechless by Katree's rapid recitation, Marissa reports, “No, most of the spaceport personnel are still at the port.  I thought the Klarn raid was to get the mercenaries that killed Napayshni.  I am surprised to see you.  Who else was brought here?”  Marissa watches Katree nibble on the dry field rations. 
“Jake, Mike, the mercenaries and now you.  They are accusing us of helping the mercenaries kill that Klarn.” is the puzzled reply from Katree.  “I guess that is why you are here, too.  I asked to contact Commander Saldicy but they” Katree points to her guard, “Do nothing and say nothing.  They must not know the trade language and are too dumb to learn it.  That is why they are guards.”  Katree’s conceited opinion shows that she missed the comprehension demonstrated by the Klarn giving her the field rations.  “I keep telling them that I have done nothing wrong but it does no good.  I hope the commander can force the Klarn to release us.”
As Marissa stands to leave, she shakes her head at Katree, “Do not make any assumptions especially about help from the commander.”  Marissa thinks about reminding Katree that the commander did not stop the Klarn from removing them from the spaceport or that Marissa does not trust the commander.  She decides not to waste her time.  She looks around for a place to put her breakfast tray.  Her guard places a hand on the tray forcing it back down giving her the understanding that she is to leave it on the table.
A worried Katree noticing Marissa leaving asks, “Were you questioned like I was yesterday?  I saw every one else there but you.” 
“No.  I just got here last night and know less than you.”  Concedes Marissa as her guard ushers her out the door. 
Marissa returns to her cell at last understanding that the Klarn are accusing her as an accomplice in murder.  Her returning to the spaceport with the mercenaries is interpreted as confirmation of her complicity.  It has her worried and frightened but she is not as foolish as Katree to expect help from Commander Saldicy.  Most likely, the commander will allow the Klarn to do as they please in order to pacify their anger over Napayshni’s murder.  Marissa suspects the commander or one of the port personnel helped the mercenaries to track and find the traders on the trail from Dansk.  Thus, Marissa fears that her position with the Klarn is not much of an improvement over the spaceport brig. 
Later, her cell door opens and the Klarn again motions for Marissa to accompany him.  This time, they enter a room with Kirch guards on each side of the door, along the far wall a large desk with three Klarn sitting behind it.  The walls are the same stark stone as her cell with the same lighting.  Marissa stands alone in the center of the room facing the three behind the desk.  The situation is deliberately set by the Klarn are adept to create an atmosphere of isolation and vulnerability.
The center Klarn states in a ponderous tone, “I am Achak, chief prosecutor and magistrate, investigating the murder of Napayshni and the breaking of the spaceport’s treaty with the Klarn.” 
Alarmed Marissa swallows and gasps. 
Achak continues, “This is a fact gathering inquiry.  Since you are not familiar with our practices, I am taking a few minutes to explain.  The magistrates have supreme authority and everyone else is of equal status and subordinate to me.  Clan designations are void.  All may question you, you must answer truthfully, outbursts will not be tolerated, or you will be gagged.  You will be given an opportunity to question others and make a short statement.”  The pronouncement is not comforting and does not diminish Marissa's anxiety.  She was warned that the native’s justice was swift and harsh.
A female moves to stand next to Marissa placing her finger on Marissa’s neck as the magistrate asks, “Tell us your name and purpose on Ninovan.”
Relieved that this is not a trial Marissa relaxes a little as she replies, “I am called Marissa and came to trade ore for crystals.”  She assumes the female standing next to her is a healer.
The female Klarn adds, “True but she is weak and stressed by standing.  This is interfering.  A seat is needed.”  
Frowning, the magistrate asks Marissa, “Are you ill?” 
Marissa answers “No.” and the female Klarn replies, “Lie.”  
The magistrate glares at Marissa, “Lying to a magistrate is a punishable offense.  The markings on your face tell that you lie even without the monitor’s testimony.”  The threat gives Marissa chills as she closes her eyes avoiding the resolute stares from the three magistrates.  Marissa does not consider the cuts and bruising an illness.  Apparently, the female Klarn is a monitor for the truth, an oddity of the natives justice system.
A seat is provided for Marissa as the magistrate continues, “Tell us in detail what you remember about the killing of Napayshni include date, time, location and names.”
Marissa knowing that the Klarn can tell if she is telling a lie, and that the others would have no hesitation to make her out as the scapegoat, resolves to omit nothing.
Marissa recounts that Jeffrey aimed his pistol at Katree and Marissa while Ousts fired on both Napayshni and Yahto with out warning or provocation. 
Achak asks for clarification, “How do you know the pistol failed and that Oust did not spare Yahto?”
“I am the Maintenance Engineer on the space trader, Celeste.  I have seen this failure in the past.  The pistol starts to fire at full strength then sputters and quits.  When the firing controls fail, the safety shuts the pistol off.  If you have the pistol I can show you how to bypass the safety and the pistol will then work or you can have this checked by someone else.”  Marissa starts to relax as she describes the technical operation of the laser, an area where she is familiar and confident of her expertise.
“The second issue is the mercenaries’ escape from Amarst Chaytan.”  The magistrate switches topic from the murder.  “Did trader Jake aid the mercenaries?  State all details.”
The abrupt change of topic is disconcerting, unsettling Marissa as she recounts, “Jake freed the mercenaries after Chaytan and Enapay subdued them.  He also called the spaceport for transportation.  Katree was standing away from Jake and the mercenaries, Chaytan was tending my injuries.”
The magistrates take turns questioning Marissa obtaining everyone’s locations and movement covering both the killing and escape on the transport including the name of the transport pilot.  The lengthy inquiry drains Marissa of the little strength she has recovered.  She thinks of it as an inquisition but admits it is a thorough dredging of her memories.
Finally, Achak asks, “Do you have any questions?  Is there anything that you believe is missing from your testimony?”
Weary Marissa feels this maybe her only opportunity for information.  “If you know, can you tell me if Yahto is alive and well?”
The magistrate blinks at Marissa as if he did not understand the question.  As Marissa gives up on getting an answer the third magistrate states, “He is alive; not well.  The healers are treating his burn and head injury.  He will have scars from the burn and months of recovery.  Why do you ask?”
Marissa openly shows her sincerity, “I was concerned and hoped he survived.” 
Magistrate Achak finishes, “This inquiry is finished.  Tomorrow, we issue the inquiry's conclusions.  The next item is that Trader Marissa lied to the magistrates.  The lie is not in dispute and Trader Marissa is guilty.  The trial is complete.  Sentencing pronounced this day by Magistrate Achak.”  Marissa gasps at his verdict.  It gives a new meaning to swift justice.
Next, the magistrate continues with Marissa’s sentence.  “Lying to the magistrates is not acceptable and is an offense against Klarn justice.  As a Trader pair, your Trader Guard is responsible for your actions and is required to attend the inquiry with you.  I understand that the Trader Guard, Chaytan, is a Klarn.  He will explain his absence before he is fined, will implement the disciplinary actions as set by us, and report the discipline to the magistrates to review for compliance.”
Marissa is shocked; she has had a trial, declared guilty all in one statement.  The sentencing took longer.  The magistrate fined Chaytan without him being present and probably not notified.  It is a swift enactment of justice with only her punishment not clear other than it must satisfy the magistrate.  
Dazed Marissa returns to her cell where she plops onto the bed still bewildered by her sentence not noticing that a female Klarn followed her.  Staring at the Klarn not comprehending her questions, Marissa leans back against the wall and closes her eyes waiting for the surreal situation to evaporate. 
The Klarn’s light touch over Marissa’s badly abuse face draws Marissa’s focus.  “What are you doing?”
“I am the healer, Nahimana.  The magistrate, Rowtag, ordered me to evaluate your injury.  I am to report to him.  Remove your garment then I will decide on the best treatment for you and inform the magistrate.  You do not want to anger him more.”  She dispassionately evaluates the bruises covering Marissa then informs her, “Your body is badly abused; you will wash so that an ointment can be applied to the hurts, you will eat all three daily meals, full meals, no skipping or light eating and no heavy labor including no long walks or running.  You will get a complete night’s sleep.  The magistrate is going to be unhappy with my report and even more than unhappy if there is not improvement when I check you in a few days.”
“Come with me so the ointment can be applied.”  As Marisa gets dressed Nahimana gives the guard orders then leads her to a set of showers.  When Marissa is finished, she steps out to find another female Klarn with a basket containing the ointment, a clean skirt, and a new tunic.  Marissa thinks Nahimana is like a military drill sergeant, one that demands strict obedience from her troops.  She wonders if anyone ever dares to tell Nahimana no or disobeys her orders.  She chuckles at the thought of Nahimana reporting to the hard-nosed magistrate.  Feeling much better after the treatment, she admits that the ointment soothed the sore muscles and bruises almost as well as the pain meds from the doctor. 
When she goes to eat Marissa finds how far reaching Nahimana’s orders are.  When she was brought here before she made selections for her meal, now the tray is ready and the food selections made.  Marissa looks at the food and doubts if she can eat it all and then wonders if the healer also reports that to the magistrate.  He seemed very serious and sure when he said he was the supreme authority.
When Marissa turns to find a table, she spies the two mercenaries with four guards each sitting on opposite sides of the room.  Their arrogant smiles indicate that their capture by the Klarn is not worrying them.  They either are foolish or have supreme confidence in the corporation’s ability to extricate them.  Marissa sits as far away as she can but being aware of their presence kills her appetite.  As the mercenaries leave, she sees that a strap connects their ankles limiting their steps and a similar tie to their wrists.  The Klarn are making sure they do not escape again.
The next day brings Chaytan to Marissa’s cell.  She is glad to see a familiar face and quickly apologizes, “I am sorry about the fine.  I can get the Captain of the Celeste to reimburse you out of my funds when I get back to the spaceport.”
Exasperated Chaytan admonishes, “You were in the brig at the spaceport.  Why do you want to go back?” 
“I am in jail here.  Where is there a difference?”  She complains, irked because she forgot about the brig, 
Taken aback by her statement and looking around Chaytan runs his hand through his hair and admits, “The magistrates published their opinion this morning.  They dropped the charges against Katree and you but you both remain guests until after the trials because you are witnesses.”
Grimacing Chaytan continues, ashamed to admit, “The magistrate informed me that I am a disgrace to the Klarn and a poor Trader Guard; my trader is beaten beyond recognition, severely injured, dehydrated, starved and I evidently lost her.  Additionally, you lied to the magistrate and then refused to follow the healer’s treatment, all of which is my responsibility to correct.  The magistrate wanted a punishment registered.  I suggested the Kirch treatment of standing in the center of a room for 12 hours; the magistrate changed it to 24, the healer changed it to 2hr increments.  This means you coming with me.”
Chaytan escorts a stunned Marissa to a housing complex similar to the one she stayed in at Dansk.  “I do not have a cuff and an account to use.  How am I to pay for this?” worries Marissa.  “I am lucky the magistrate did not fine me too.”
“You are a witness for three or four trials and required to live here under my clan’s protection.  Please do not cause me any more appearances before the magistrates.”  Chaytan cautions as he leads her to register.  “I must return to my duties.  Do not wander off.  You will start serving your sentence when an escort comes for you later today.”  Chaytan tells her what to expect, then he quickly strides away leaving Marissa without a backward glance.  Marissa does not understand why her sentencing causes Chaytan embarrassment.
Later Marissa answers the knock on her door finding Enapay waiting.  “I am to escort you to serve your sentence as soon as you are ready to leave.”  Enapay escorts her to the center of a market area where three Kirch are waiting.  Enapay nods to them and they clear an area around Marissa with Enapay and the Kirch forming the corners of a rough square.  Enapay explains, “You are not allowed to speak or move or the sentence will be extended.”
After her two hours which seemed infinitely longer, Enapay walks up to Marissa and takes her elbow to guide her back to her room.  Surprised that her legs are sore, Marissa stumbles as she takes her first steps.  Enapay stops and in a concerned voice, “Are your legs cramping?” 
“No.”  Marissa assures him.  She then diverts his attention by asking, “Why were the Klarn snickering?  I did not think standing there funny.”
Enapay looks at his feet, “They read the notice, the lie you told, and then look at your bruised and battered face.  They find your lie to be foolishness.”  Marissa’s face flames a bright red in embarrassment.  Changing the subject Marissa asks, “Do you know when the trials will start?”
Enapay responds, “No, The offworlders are being unreasonable and demand that they try the accused.  The treaty specifically states the trial is to be by the Klarn.  They are also angry about the raid and the power loss at the spaceport.  Do not worry, the trials will not interfere with your sentence; you will be done before the trials start.”  Marissa notices a twinkle in his eyes in contrast to his serious demeanor that shows he finds her sentence humorous.
Marissa checks the math and realizes she will be a spectacle in the market area for days.  Although jail time would have been easier, Marissa promises never to lie to a Klarn magistrate again if for no other reason than everyone is enjoying her sentence except her.
Since her sentence amuses Enapay, she decides to ask about Chaytan’s meeting with the magistrate.  “I do not understand why the magistrate called Chaytan a disgrace because I was beaten.  Tell me why.”
Enapay smiles and then becomes serious.  “For the Klarn protecting a trader is the most important task in a clan.  It reflects badly on the guard when harm and injury happens to a trader.  The traders provide communication that bring peace and unity among the clans and are very important to us.  Traditionally, they carried messages, treaties, and marriage proposals between clans.  Chaytan’s pride is hurt because he did not prevent harm to you.  He is feeling worthless and that his behavior is dishonorable.  The magistrate just stated the obvious.” 
“But the mercenaries did the damage.  The spaceport troops did the rest.  He was not there during any of it and could not stop it.”  Marissa protests the unreasonable evaluation that Chaytan and the Klarn made.
Enapay tries to clarify the Klarn's outlook.  “Chaytan feels he failed to reach you earlier when he did not take the scooter.  He failed to plan for your protection by not having two scooters trail us.  He failed in your escape.  Your safety and well-being is his responsibility.  You were hurt.  He failed his responsibility.  It is simple to him.  You were hurt therefore he failed his responsibility.”
Trying once more, Marissa states her view, “Taking care of me is my responsibility not his.  I escaped from the spaceport.  Normally, I can defend myself.  Jeffrey took advantage of my weakness.”  Marissa feels Chaytan is not responsible for her injuries but cannot get an agreement from Enapay.  If he cannot see her logic then Chaytan will not.
Shaking his head Enapay maintains his stand, “You can care for yourself, but that does not replace his responsibility.  You were hurt.  He failed.”  Enapay holds to his explanation in spite of Marissa's defense of Chaytan.  He is amused that she tries very hard to absolve Chaytan of responsibility.
In the evening, Chaytan takes Marissa out to the market for dinner.  She feels awkward because the location is the same place as her punishment but it motivates her to ask why the delay in the trials when hers was brutally swift.  
Chaytan explains, “The Klarn justice is swift and the delays are causing Napayshni’s clan to become angrier.  The magistrates have agreed to allow the spaceport to use their MMS to monitor the witnesses in order to expedite the trials.”  Marissa loses her appetite as a chilling horror fills her.  She escaped the spaceport only to still have the MMS scan loom in her future.  Wondering what the magistrates will do to her when she refuses to allow the scan.  Then she realizes that Chaytan might have the influence to stop the use of the MMS.  Since she suspects he is military and not a junior position and the MMS is a security issue.
Marissa states what she believes is obvious, “You are part of the military.”
Chaytan hedges his reply, “Why would you say that?” not denying the accusation.
Marissa lists her observations, “There are little things; Kangee when he returned the scarf kept glancing at you for approval, the trade organization’s easy approval,  occasionally several of the young Klarn almost salute, and the raider that remove me from the cell deferred to you.”  She wonders why he is avoiding a direct confirmation or denial.
Chaytan defends the relationship with the raiders, “The raider and I have worked together for a long time on various projects.”  He hopes that will satisfy her. 
Amuse by his defense Marissa states her belief, “No, if you were not military the raiders would ignore you and you would not have been part of the raid.”  Tired of the game Marissa tries to warn Chaytan, “Keep your secrets.  Please understand you are placing everyone in danger.”
Marissa with tears flooding her eyes and her voice wavering, “Someone needs to understand what Xeres and the Commander are planning.  Both will tamper with evidence and the minds of the witnesses.  They probably already have tampered with the witnesses minds.  I saw the mercenaries, they are too confident.  The Commander wants to scan a Klarn with the MMS to discover your method of detecting infiltrators and spies.  You keep uncovering her spies.  Xeres wants information on the shielding process.  An MMS scan can extract the information from an unsuspecting mind.  This trial gives them the opportunity.”  Marissa grabs his arm and shakes it to emphasize, “I have seen it done.”  Marissa wipes the tears from her eyes forcing the old memories away, burying them deep in her mind to calm herself.
Using a different approach to convincing Chaytan, desperately Marissa questions, “When the other witnesses were questioned, were you able to tell they lied?”  As she intently watches Chaytan for vindication, he remains impassive not allowing his thoughts to show and not answering her.
Marissa keeps trying to impress on Chaytan the problem, “What will happen if the Klarn find them guilty and the MMS finds them innocent?”
Chaytan replies tonelessly, “If guilty of murder, the Klarn will execute.  We do not maintain prisons.”
“I believe the MMS has conditioned Jake and Katree after they returned to the base.  They will not aid in convicting Oust and Jeffrey.  I refused the treatment that was why I was in the brig.  If you had not raided, I was to receive the treatment the next day.  The MMS will absolve the mercenaries of the crime.”  Marisa forcefully asserts then stands leaving her dinner on the table.
Grimacing at the distasteful implication, Chaytan soothes Marissa, “I will tell the magistrate your opinion.  Sit and finish your dinner or healer Nahimana will complain to the magistrate.  Let us talk of pleasanter things like the light show at midnight, the animals you saw on the trail or the games being played tonight.”
The next day Marissa spends the morning serving her sentence but the magistrates summon her in the afternoon. 
Marissa enters a room with several chairs grouped around a table.  The Magistrate Achak and Chaytan occupy two chairs.  Chaytan smiles encouragingly at her.
Magistrate Achak coldly demands, “Tell me about the MMS.”  He signals Marissa to sit.
Marissa takes a deep breath and starts, “The MMS is designed to enhance one's memory.  It is also used to ease bad memories.  It is a powerful tool.  If abused the MMS erases memories, it can create false memories, or can put foreign thoughts into someone’s head in order to control the individual.  The Xeres Corporation does not care if the results leave the person in torment, a mindless vegetable, or paranoid insane.  The results are not immediate but slowly evolve so Xeres corporation lawyers, doctors and the commander will deny that the MMS causes the problem.”
Marissa looks at the magistrate expecting to see disbelief.  Instead, she finds a serious listener.  The respect encourages her to continue.  “Your healer may be able to detect blank areas in the minds of Jake and Katree where the information was suppressed or erased.  Planting information or ideas is more difficult and damages the mind faster, but if done the MMS will register a lie as truth.  I suspect the mercenaries’ minds were manipulated to give false readings to the MMS.
I believe the MMS can damage Klarn security and integrity.  Xeres wants that process of creating quality shielding at any cost.  Using the MMS, Xeres can forcibly extract the information from the Klarn to correct the processes in their plant.  They will plant the idea to obey and support Xeres management in all things.”
Magistrate Achak comments, “You believe this to be true or is this knowledge?”
Marissa gives an account from her past, “On my home planet, I saw husbands and wives not recognizing each other after treatment.  I saw people lie about things that I witnessed and saw the MMS certify the lie as truth.  After the treatment with the MMS, I knew people who changed and began suffering nightmares and hallucinations.  An investigation into the problem blamed; drugs, tumors, and head injuries but the only people affected were those who opposed the policies of corporations like Xeres.  After treatment the person became complacent with their job, environment, and health” 
Magistrate Achak thoughtfully murmurs, “We need the witnesses to testify.  The agreement for the MMS monitor is in effect and can not honorably be changed.” 
 “Can you not find and eliminate the witnesses that have been tampered with?  You detected my lie immediately.  Or have the MMS break like all the other equipment at the spaceport.”  Marissa asks as she looks up at Chaytan for agreement.
Chaytan shakes his head, “It would delay the trials until another MMS is found and is not a solution.  We need the trials finished.”  He looks at the magistrate and they both nod in agreement.
Marissa desperately pleads, “The larger units always treat mental problems.  The portable units never treat or suppress memory and emotions.  Perhaps the portable unit would be safe to use.  I have never worked on a portable unit and do not know its capability.  Destroy the main unit and force them to use the portable one.  If it breaks after the trials maybe I could test it.  Or test it before the trial?”  Marissa grimly proposes.
The Magistrate concludes the meeting, “I will advise the other magistrates and decide the proper course.”
As he leaves, the magistrate directs Marissa, “Do not think to refuse to testify and defy a magistrate.  I will not be lenient, if the last sentence has not taught you proper behavior.  You will testify.”
Apparently, Chaytan told the magistrate that I refused the MMS scan at the spaceport.  He suspects that I will refuse again at the trial.  By having the magistrate threaten, he is trying to coerce me into compliance with their plans. 
While Marissa is serving her sentence, she hears nothing from Chaytan, Enapay or the magistrate.  The following days are filled with her serving her sentence with the Kirch escorting her until the day of the first trial; Jake’s aiding the escape of the mercenaries. 
The trial uses the witnesses’ testimony as the major evidence.  Marissa testifies against Jake but the damage the beating did to her vision minimizes the effect of her testimony.  Katree testifies Jake did nothing.  The result is the Klarn find the charge Not Proven.  The MMS finds Jake innocent. 
Mike’s trial for unauthorized travel results in an innocent verdict due to documents provided showing approval.  His second trial for firing on Chaytan is a mixed result; the Klarn find him guilty based on evidence of the burn and Chaytan's testimony but MMS finds him innocent based on all witnesses testifying that they did not see the firing.  The magistrates’ final opinion blends both verdicts to ‘Not Proven’. 
The clans are angry but Commander Saldicy and Goliath are smug.  The trial interrupted Marissa’s serving her sentence by requiring her daily attendance.
The final trial is the murder of Napayshni.  The mercenaries do not testify to protect them from incriminating themselves.  Katree and Jake testify that they saw nothing, which did not surprise Marissa.  The surprise is Yahto appearing and identifying both Oust as the shooter and Jeffrey as an accomplice.  With Marissa and Enapay's corroborating testimony, the result is guilty verdict from the Klarn and the MMS.


Chapter 11: After the Verdict  

After the magistrates announce the final verdict, Chaytan appears and escorts Marissa to a healer for an examination.  The healer informs Marissa that she is using the information given to the magistrate.  They found actual small burns in the minds of Katree and Jake.  The healers are confident that they can tell if the MMS did any changes and are testing all witnesses.  In contrast, the healers refused to treat the mercenaries’ minds except for a light reading to verify effects of the MMS.
Marissa asks, “Chaytan what happens now?”  
“The mercenaries will be sentenced probably to death.  Tomorrow, Commander Saldicy, the Xeres representatives, and witnesses are returning to the spaceport.”
Marissa retorts, “Then I do not finish my sentence for lying.” 
Chaytan laughs.  “Oh no.  You will finish the sentence.  You can return to the spaceport after completing your sentence.  The trial has gained you several admirers when everyone heard of the beating you suffered and still testified.  No one will bother you.”

The commander and Goliath meet after the trial in the commander’s room. 
Goliath rants, “I have lost two good men to these savages.  Have your men steal those scooters the natives use and kidnap the girl, Marissa.  Demand her return for trial at the spaceport for theft and as an insurgent.  She knows a way into the plant at Dansk that my satellite scans did not register.  I want that information.  Have your men kidnap a Klarn so we can treat him to spy for us.” 
Commander Saldicy replies, “The traders and Mike are returning with us tomorrow by agreement with the Klarn.  Once back at the spaceport, we can see to everything else.”  
Thinking about the returning traders, Goliath plots, “The Klarn are not happy that Jake and Mike were found innocent.  With a careful selection of weapons from the armory, we have three trader bodies to create an incident showing the Klarn to be undisciplined savages.  We leave no witness just the evidence of a savage Klarn attack with mutilated bodies.  The Klarn atrocities will justify your attack in retaliation on the plants in Panche and justify a battleship to control the savages that endanger the shielding manufacturing plants.”
As the commander watches, Goliath unravels and plots unattainable actions.  Right now, she needs to pacify Goliath and get him to leave so she can assess the damages.  “Goliath as Oust's employer you can get his location.  We need that before we can plan.”
Goliath nods his agreement assuming the commander will act according to his wishes.  “I will get my aide to bring you the locations.”
As Goliath leaves, the commander sighs in relief.  She deliberately kept the notification of the Klarn complaint from Goliath, as it would have restarted his rant.  
Finding that the Klarn lodged a formal complaint directly to the military liaison at headquarters is going to complicate matters.  The best piece of information is that the Klarn’s communications system is operational where as the spaceport’s communication is dead.  It will buy some time for the commander to plan without Goliath sending messages to headquarters.  The bad part is that the Klarn did not hesitate but must have sent their complaint as soon as they delivered the verdicts.
Opening the complaint, the commander begins to read and plan her next move.  The Klarn demand an investigation and protest the invasion of Klarn lands by Xeres, demand monetary compensation from Xeres for the death of Napayshni and injury of Yahto by Xeres personnel, demand removal of the abandoned Xeres plant by the ship currently in orbit, demand an investigation of the military recorder found at the Xeres disabled sled.  Additionally the Klarn formally banish from the planet, Trader Jake of the trade ship Celeste, Mike of the spaceport Scheralt, and Goliath of Xeres Corporation.  The Klarn cite the trials, convictions, and evidence with copies attached.
The commander is relieved.  Most of the complaint is against Xeres Corporation.  She must send a report to the headquarters to stave off an investigation to cover her participation in the Xeres fiasco.  The only people who can implicate her are Goliath, and possibly his aide and Mike.  She can blame Mike for the misappropriation of the military equipment and for the treaty violations by calling him a rogue in the pay of the Xeres Corporation.  He checked the equipment out on verbal orders.  If he has an accident, he cannot testify on receiving orders from her.  Mike interfaced with the Traders from the Celeste and arranged the monetary transactions between Xeres Corporation and the Celeste.  The rest of the Klarn demands are Xeres’ problem.
Goliath demands are impossible to meet.  He is ignoring that magnetic storm disabled the spaceport.  The corporation paid her in a secret account under a different name so there are no transactions to trace back to her.  Marissa only received minor threats, Jake only knows what Mike told him and the reason she gave the traders for adding Mike to the trader teams.  It is weak but if the Celeste leaves orbit, she can tell the investigators Mike initiated the offer to help the traders.
First step is to see the Klarn transmit her report.  Next, using Goliath's authorization, have the Xeres Corporate ship shuttle the Celeste’s crew back to their ship on the rim.  Goliath does not know that she has his transmittal codes.  Goliath also does not know that the Klarn can transmit during the magnetic storms, an item the commander is keeping to herself.  It will be a long night but she must complete it all before they leave for the spaceport in order to use the Klarn communication system located in this facility.

Commander Saldicy decides to be solicitous to the Klarn, admitting that the evidence against Mike while not conclusive has convinced her to investigate thoroughly his involvement with Goliath of the Xeres Corporation.  Salvaging her relationship with Xeres Corporation may take a bit more creativity but control of the communications on the base leaves her with many options for creative evidence.  The commander’s smile grows as she contemplates her plans and not finding a flaw.
The morning after the trials, the grim and forbidding Kirch escort the Traders, Commander Saldicy, Mike, and Goliath to the rail system with two Kirch accompanying them to the spaceport. 
Arriving at the spaceport Commander Saldicy immediately orders an emergency meeting with her aides.  “The Klarn have banished the trader Jake from the planet.  We are complying with their demand.  The shuttle from the Xeres Corporate ship will land at 8:00 Scheralt time tomorrow morning, pick up the traders and then depart.  I want the traders escorted to my office in 30 minutes.  Dracon, you may leave and see to this.”
Turning to her other aides, she issues additional orders to solve her second problem,  "Judith, I want a written order demanding the appearance of Goliath, his aide and Mike for formal questioning about the items listed in the Klarn complaint.  Get started on that now.  Also find a list of standard questions that we can use during the interrogation.”  
Before proceeding she checks her notes, “Gabriel, within in an hour you will provide for me to sign, an order restricting the Xeres personnel and Mike to their quarters.  The restrictions will include that they cannot leave their quarters without my permission and must have a security escort at all times with no communication permitted with anyone.”  That keeps Goliath away from the shuttle landing and communication with his ship.
Finally, the report initiated weeks ago that will satisfy headquarters.  The commander is glad that she had the foresight to start the investigation.  “I want the report on the formal investigation of Xeres personnel’s actions on Scheralt delivered in two hours for the second meeting.  That is all for the present.”  Her aides leave in a rush not wanting to incur the commander’s temper and damage their fitness reports.

Jake and Katree enter the commander’s temporary office with trepidation.  Commander Saldicy begins immediately, “The Klarn has sent a formal demand for you to leave Scheralt.  You will be on the Xeres shuttle leaving tomorrow morning at 8:00.” 
Surprised by the commander’s order Jake counters, “I have not seen a complaint from the Klarn.  Besides, we need more time to arrange for the sale of the trade goods with Goliath.  You can’t just...”
The commander interrupts, “My Aide will give you a copy of the complaint and the order ejecting you from Scheralt.  Take your trade problems up with the Captain of the Xeres ship.  You will meet him tomorrow.”
Jake asks, “Can the Xeres ship communicate with the Celeste?  The Celeste’s shuttle...”
From the back of the room, the commander’s aide interjects, “The Celeste’s shuttle is not operational.”
Coldly the commander informs the traders, “I am initiating strict compliance of regulations on all ships in the Scheralt system.  I am sure that an inspection of the Celeste will meet all safety regulation and documentation will match the Celeste’s systems.  You need your captain to understand that the inspection will be thorough.”  The commander signals her aide that the interview is finished.  The aide brings in two guards to escort the traders.
The commander smiles to herself betting the Celeste leaves the system as soon as the crew is aboard.  Now, she needs to motivate Goliath to return to his ship.  No lights and bad rations might do it easily but the truly cruel is disrupting the plumbing.  Then there is the small matter of the missing trader, Marissa.  She was not on the Klarn ejection list and she might return by tomorrow in order to be sent with the other traders back to the Celeste.
Marissa still with the Klarn is finishing her sentence.  She missed everyone leaving.  Neither Jake nor Katree stopped to inform her of their departure.  Perhaps they assumed she would be with them.
At lunch, Chaytan appears and with a nod to the Kirch takes Marissa to a café where she expresses her fears.  “They know that I saw the plant operating, they can force a reading of my memories and extract what I saw of the process.  I am afraid.  I dread returning to the spaceport.”  She picks at her meal.  Her stomach feels as if filled with rocks.  
“All the machines, MMS, are broken including the one at the spaceport.  Do not ask.  I can not tell you the method used.”  Chaytan knows that will ease one worry as he watches her rearranging her meal and eating little.  
“Some of the power was working in the Medical Center.  Do you think that it is possible the Celeste’s shuttle is functioning?”  Marissa's attitude improves with the hope of quick departure from Scheralt.  “I can possibly avoid the Commander and Goliath then leave before they are aware of my return.” 
Communications are private.  Normally, Chaytan would not have the information but his duties made two messages available to him.  He debates telling Marissa.  He does not want to fail her again and be injured again.  Resolutely he gives Marissa the bad news.  “I do not believe the shuttle is operational.  The Commander sent a message for the Xeres ship to transport the crew to the Celeste.”  She might still be able to avoid the commander and Goliath if Jake and Katree help her.
Chaytan plots the best means to ensure Marissa’s safety.  “The Commander is insisting on your return.  It is part of the trial agreement and we must comply by sending you in two days.  Your sentence ends tomorrow.  You can travel the following day or delay staying here an extra day.  I can arrange for you to stay hidden with the Klarn outside the spaceport until you leave Scheralt that way you can avoid the Commander.  Ask for Paytah.”  He will have Paytah keep her under observation just in case there is trouble even if she stays on the spaceport.
“With no power, it should be easy to hide for a few days.  It will best if I do not delay here.  This way I am two days behind them, which should be enough time for Jake and Katree to complete the sale of the crystals.  After I arrive at the spaceport, we might be able to leave immediately.”  Marissa hopes the Xeres ship does not have another MMS.  If the commander does not declare her an insurgent, she still might avoid the MMS scan.
“I am surprised that there have not been problems as I finish my sentence.  The clans were not happy with Mike and Jake going free and I thought there might be some retaliation against me.”  Marissa admits to her other fear, serving her sentence in an open public area.
Chaytan is not sure of Marissa’s reaction to the Klarn’s justice.  Perhaps it will alleviate her fear.  “Napayshni’s clan petitioned for permission to execute Oust and Jeffrey.  The magistrates granted the request.  Yahto’s clan received permission to guard them.  This satisfies the clans.  Everyone else is angry at those that hurt a Matre and trader.”  
The involvement of the clan in the execution shocks Marissa.  It contradicts the documentation that the Klarn are not serious and want to play most of the time.  “Is the method of execution decided by the clan?”  Marissa wonders how bloodthirsty they really are. 
Hesitating to explain but feeling he must finish a topic that he now regrets he opened.  “The magistrates must approve the method.  They insist on it being as painless as possible.”
“There is a lot the spaceport does not understood about the Klarn; the clan’s involvement in the execution, the Kirch's attitude and beliefs, the military style raid on the base, the lack of a military, and the magistrate blaming you for my injuries.  The list can get longer but I have been here only a few days.  Why does the spaceport have a skewed vision of the Klarn?”  Marissa wonders if Chaytan will answer.  Too much of what she listed deals with the disabling of the spaceport.
Chaytan laughs knowing she will not like his avoiding the question with a philosophical platitude.  “The spaceport sees what they believe to be truth and are blind to everything else.  To understand much of what you list, you must be Klarn.”  He then watches Marissa’s temper flare. 
“OK.  I will ask you something simple that even you can handle.  What is a Matre?”  She determinedly pursues the answer.  “I have heard the term several times but I do not know its meaning.”  She hopes he catches the implied insult.  She knows he is baiting her to avoid talking about the raid and the military.
“You will not like the meaning.  It is ‘mother to be’”.  Chaytan tries to smother his laughter at the horrified look on Marissa’s face.
“No.  I do not want to know how that became associated with me.  But since you are defining words what is an ‘Amarst’ as the magistrate called you that at the trial.”  Marissa watches Chaytan’s face as he hesitates and then evades, “I am afraid that I can not tell you.  It does not matter since you will go back to your spaceship.  The word only has meaning here on Ninovan.”
“OK.  Maybe you can tell me how I am to pay for my lodging since I am no longer a witness.  I have some crystals but they are at the spaceport.” exasperated Marissa stares daggers at Chaytan.
Ignoring her irritation Chaytan assures her, “My clan has taken responsibility for you.  The lodging and expenses are my responsibility as I am still your Trader Guard.”  Chaytan has finally allayed all of her worries allowing Marissa to finish her lunch. 
Two days later Marissa finally completes her sentence and the Kirch disappear.  Instead, Enapay arrives carting a pack containing her Castian silk and the items left at Dansk.  He is her escort to the spaceport.  
The rail car ride is long but Enapay shows her the amenities.  The cars are equipped with sleeping and dining areas with a marquee to alert the passengers to the next stop.  Apparently, the Klarn socialize during a trip.  Enapay frequently stops and chats with various groups.  This is the most Marissa has seen him talk.  She hopes it is not about her.
Arriving at the rail station finds a small vehicle capable to carry three to four people.  Surprised Marissa asks, “Where are the scooters?” then as second thought, “Or the kirtags.”
With a sheepish look, Enapay tells Marissa, “The scooters are for prisoners and to discourage resistance.”  Changing to a wicked grin, he adds, “If you prefer we can travel by scooter.”
Marissa enjoying his teasing concedes, “No I'm adventuresome and will try this newer ride.”  The ride is smooth and comfortable, nothing like her other trips.  A couple of hours later, Enapay leaves Marissa at the spaceport gate. 
Walking across the spaceport, Marissa feels the stares and animosity.  Hoping that her Klarn dress is the cause, she ignores the hostility.  Entering the ‘slums’ Marissa tries to register for a sleeping slot finding that she is not welcome and can not stay. 
“Trader crew members can register.”  Then the clerk sneers.  “You do not have a ship.”  She walks away from Marissa without allowing Marissa to question or protest. 
Fearing a magnetic storm caught the Celeste and destroyed the ship, Marissa rushes to the Administration Center where an aide informs her, “The crew returned to the Celeste two days ago.  The ship left orbit and the Scheralt star system.  You missed ship movement, have no status or rights to any accommodation on the base.”
Marissa protests, “It takes 10 days to get to the rim.  They must still be in system.  Call the ship.”
“The derelict that you call a ship takes 10 days; the Xeres ship is 4 to 5 times faster.  It is probably on its way back.  We cannot contact any ship.  Communications are down.”  Frustrated with Marissa not accepting being stranded on Scheralt, the Aide starts searching for support from the nearby troops to escort her out.
“I can pay for accommodation.”  Marissa assures the Aide. 
The aide laughs.  “It does not matter.  The commander left orders to escort you off the spaceport.”
“There are trade goods that are mine.  The Klarn scheduled the deliveries.  Where are they stored?”  Marissa tries to find out the status of her trade goods.  “Did Xeres buy them?  Or transport them to the Celeste?”
“Xeres Corporation claimed all deliveries.  You need to discuss it with them.  It is not my concern.  Your escort is here.”  The aide turns to two soldiers, “See her off the base, and that she does not return.”  Marissa has no choice but to walk ahead of the soldiers and off the base.
A Klarn female approaches Marissa.  “Why have the offworlders sent you out?”
Marissa looking lost and uncertain as to her next move, states, “The Celeste left and the spaceport ejected me.”
“You are still a Trader and the responsibility of the Gaagii Clan,” explains the Klarn. 
“How do you know me?” 
“Paytah has your picture.  He distributed it to everyone before the raid.  Since your face is healing, you are recognizable.  If you want help, Paytah will know who to contact.”  The female next asks, “Do you know where to go?”
“No.” replies Marissa as she looks around.  She was at the spaceport only for short periods and only in a local house once, at night, when a Klarn dragged her there.  She doubts if she can find that one today.  “I was told by Chaytan to find Paytah.” 
“I can show you to Paytah’s.  He has a large house and family.”  They walk along a clean and wide street to a small cluster of buildings.  Several buildings are obviously homes with individual touches of flowers and arranged shrubs.  None was ostentatious to indicate a residence of importance.
When Marissa enters the house, she recognizes the Klarn.  He is the one from the night she escaped the spaceport when he called her an illegal alien. 
Thankfully, the female accompanies her.  “Paytah, the spaceport expelled Marissa.  I believe she needs lodging and aid.”  Marissa appreciates the unintentional support.
“Chapa, you bring me nothing but trouble.  Don’t look so pleased with yourself.  Macha notified me of your coming so you are not the first but thank you for guiding her here.”  With that remark dismissing her, Chapa leaves Marissa with Paytah.  He studies her and concludes, “You are a problem.  The alert is downgraded but you are still an illegal alien.”
Disgusted with his attitude Marissa demands, “Why am I an illegal alien?”
“All spaceport people are to remain on the base.  You are illegally on Klarn lands.  The minute you left the base that makes you an illegal alien.”  Paytah smiles knowing the term irritates Marissa.  He heard from Chaytan that she guards her independence fiercely and wants to be in control.
Marissa feeling abused, she growls at him.  “The soldiers escorted me from the base.  Are you going to escort me back?  Do I stand on the border while the two of you push me back and forth?”
Surprised at Marissa's upset, Paytah regrets his goading.  “I apologize.  I should ease your fear not add to them.  No.  You will stay here.  I will send a notification to Chaytan that you are with my clan.  It will go to him tonight along with Commander Saldicy’s message about the shuttle crash.”
Marissa asks, “What shuttle crash?”  The Celeste left but they might have lied. 
Paytah seeing her fear clarifies, “An unauthorized transport crashed last night not a space shuttle.  It is not your crewmates.  They left two days ago.”
“I can pay for my lodging.  I have some silk that the weavers will buy.  Kimimela was interested in getting more.  The silk merchants only sell to certified customers that they have direct access to the customer’s accounts.  I am an approved customer.  The Celeste and many traders are not.”  Marissa promotes her ability to support herself.
“I also have crystals but the Xeres Corporation is claiming them.  I may not be able to reclaim the crystals since I cannot return to the base.”  Marissa tells Paytah.
Paytah laughs, “Chaytan is paying for your care.  However, I will retrieve your crystals just for the pleasure of pointing out to Commander Saldicy that the Xeres Corporation is a thief, if you can prove that the crystals are yours.  Do not worry; the crystals are still at the spaceport.  The shuttle was on the ground only long enough to pick up passengers.”

****

Report on Commander Saldicy’s desk. 

The shuttle stolen from the hanger is number X549876.  Goliath, Xeres personnel, and Mike are missing from their quarters and cannot be located on the spaceport.  Assumption is the pilot of the crashed shuttle is Mike with Xeres Corporation personnel as the passengers.

The commander reads the report and smiles at a mission well planned and executed.

###

Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/MarelLenmen

Discover other titles by Marel Lenmen at Smashwords.com:
Scheralt: Hostile Takeover

Excerpt from Scheralt: Hostile Takeover  

Chapter 1: An Accident

The Gannesmede University research team is arriving in the Scheralt star system aboard the inner system ship, the Orion, owned and operated by the Xeres Corporation.  Dr. Robeson leads the team, which includes four other professors from various academic disciplines along with their six graduate students.
A screaming alarm reverberates through out the ship.
“Captain Jameson, there is an unauthorized intruder in the ionization chamber for the drives.”
“Turn off the alarm.  Check your sensors.  That chamber is locked while the engines are engaged.”
“Captain, this is security.  There was an intrusion into the ionization chamber.  The damage control doors have sealed the passageway and contained the contamination.
We retrieved the remains, a few pieces of metal.”
“Identify the intruder.  I want a full investigation and report.”  Captain Cid Jameson coldly commands.
Turning off the communications, the captain turns to the other occupant of the small cabin assigned to Dr. Dick Ximber.  “Dr. Robeson is late and I must return to the bridge to monitor the investigation.”  The captain sports a malicious grin that is identical to Dr. Ximber’s grin.  “If Dr. Robeson arrives, give him my apologies.  I will meet you in my cabin after the investigation to discuss the exploration.”
Later, the captain and Dr Ximber meet in the luxurious accommodations of the captain’s cabin Dr. Ximber helps himself to a drink from the fully stocked and open-bar, which is equipped with a countertop of marble, and onyx.
Smiling at Captain Cid Jameson of the Orion, Dr. Ximber settles in a luminous living area on a sofa as he greets his old friend, “Cid, I am astonished that you are on a mere intersystem ship.  I thought you would be captain of the large transports.”
“I am no fool.  The last expedition you headed for the corporation, the captain earned enough to retire.  This system has a better location on the shipping lanes than the previous expedition.  I should do as well or better.  However, I am surprised that you are only a professor.  Why did you leave the executive offices of Xeres for a mere professorship?”
“The company wanted to silence any opposition from the university.  I am on a retainer for consultation and receive a percentage of my old pay based on the pro Xeres Corporate papers generated by the University.  I also do not have to watch my back as closely as I did in Xeres headquarters, and I was in the perfect position to head this expedition when the Xeres management suggested it to the Gannesmede government.”
“Oh yes.  That reminds me that I must inform you that Dr. Robeson entered the ionization chamber without authorization or protective clothing.  Congratulations, you are now the head of this expedition.  Security found that Dr. Robeson had an unauthorized copy of the maintenance bypass codes to the ionization Chamber.”
“It was foolish of Dr. Robeson to wonder into restricted and dangerous compartments.  He really should have observed the warning signs that I saw clearly marking the restricted area.”  Dr. Ximber callously snickers while he smugly preens.  “I now have full control of the research team without the annoying interference of the late Dr Robeson.”  Dr Ximber now has the position that he feels the University wrongfully denied him.  It was humiliating to be second to Dr. Robeson whose only accomplishments were teaching and writing a few papers.
“Cid, can anyone tell what was last displayed on the warning signs?”  This is Dr. Ximber’s small nagging worry that a small insignificant detail like the displays will cause a major investigation and scandal.
“No.  Since the ionization will have erased and damaged the displays, the maintenance crew will have to replace them.  The displays are contaminated and will be jettisoned.”  Captain Jameson knows that he can easily attribute Dr. Robeson’s death to the professor’s careless disregard of safety measures.  The only contradicting evidence that might exist is in the jettisoned displays.
“Getting back to the topic of the research team sent by the university, I am astounded the company allowed any academics access to the planet.  Xeres usually likes to be firmly entrenched before allowing outsiders to enter.”
“This is a public relations image project.  The government in this sector was withholding the permits.  The Gannesmede government is suspicious of our motivation, and do not believe that the corporation is best suited to explore a new system.  Allowing the university to do the first contact has opened up the permits.”
“Your idea?”
“Yes.  Having the company fund the expedition only if I was a senior member of the team, guarantees that the academics follow the company’s agenda.”  Dr. Ximber still is angry about having a co-lead forced on him instead of being named the head of the team by himself.
Puncturing Dr. Ximber’s ego, Captain Jameson deliberately points out; “Except the university appointed Dr. Robeson as the head.” reminding Dr. Ximber that he only obtained the position by default.
“An error that is now corrected,” snaps Dr Ximber.  He needs the captain’s cooperation and support for the exploration of the system.  That it took the death of Dr. Robeson to gain him the lead research position bruises his self-esteem but his chief worry is that it indicates a lack of standing in the university’s administration.  An item he must correct if he wants to be department head.  This research project is essential to enhancing his position.
“Outside of drinking my private stock, why did you want to meet?”  The captain watches Dr. Ximber savor the drink he poured.  Knowing that Dr. Ximber does nothing without a self-serving purpose, he waits to hear his demands.
“I was told by Director Haipt that you will aid and support me.  I need your help on a few additional matters.  Not all of my teammates favor the Xeres Corporation and you need to be aware of our opposition.”  He likes including the captain as if he is a viable team member thus possibly making him more compliant to Dr. Ximber’s plans.
“You did not select the team?  That is not the usual policy.  I thought the co-lead chooses the team members while the lead works with the government and permits.”  The Captain resents that Dr. Ximber overlooked him when he selected the participants on the last expedition.  In addition, he knows that the Director of Xeres division five, James Haipt, selected him for this operation.  He does not need Dr. Ximber’s support or approval for his decisions.
“Dr. Robeson selected both Dr. Kelso and Dr. Jralt as members of the team in order to ensure an unbiased evaluation of the natives.”  Dr. Ximber hates the implication that the Dr. Robeson did not trust him to select the team members.  “Dr. Jralt is our biggest problem.  We have to include him on the team because of his integrity in anthropology.  He usually concentrates on proving the harmful changes the corporations have made on various societies.  He is no friend to the corporations, which will inhibit us from achieving our goals on the planet.  I want to isolate him and preferably off the planet where he can not interfere.”  Dr. Ximber fears that Dr. Jralt can effectively interfere with the Xeres Corporation’s plans for the Scheralt star system.
“How can I help?”
“As you know, we are to evaluate the minerals on planet three.  I want to leave him here, on the Orion, to supervise the testing and evaluation of the ore samples.  It is the reason that I am assigning Dr. Robeson's graduate students to him.  Frank is the geology major.”
“He could interfere with the mineral evaluation.”
“I am sure that you can arrange that the samples have the yield the company wants published.  You have complete control of the Orion and access to the test lab.  Besides, Dr. Jralt’s expertise is anthropology not geology.”  He resents that he has to point out the obvious to the Captain.  It would be beneficial to have a more imaginative captain, one who could eliminate Dr. Jralt from the team.
“The technicians and students are to obtain the samples.  They might notice any interference or alterations in the data.”
“We both know the technicians are not a problem since they are employees.  The students are easily discredited and no one cares what they have to say anyway.  Regardless, their reports must be reviewed by me.”
“What about the other Professors?”
“Dr. Kevin Kelso is self absorbed in his pet research into language similarities between planets.  He has the support of a powerful family on his home planet, Tecante, where he has an established and secure position if he decides to leave the university.  The university campaigned heavily to get him to accept a professorship.  He did not want to in his words ‘rehash other’s research’ and wanted to continue traveling to various planets searching for common language elements.”  In contrast, Dr. Ximber gained his professorship by the Xeres Corporation endowing his chair for 4 years.  The corporation had to campaign heavily for the University to accept him at the same time the university practically begged this tramp to join.  Dr. Ximber resents Dr. Kelso’s financial independence.
“Isn’t Tecante the planet where the corporations are severely restricted?”
“Yes but Dr. Kelso is a vagabond more interested in roaming the galaxy than the politics and policies of the university or his home world.  I doubt that he will notice anything outside of his research.”
“Isn’t Kelso the name of the government head on Tecante?”
“Yes.  It is a common name on that planet.  I was told there is no relationship.  He should not be a problem neither will Dr. Claber who recognizes my ability and that I am a rising star in the university hierarchy.  He is timid and easily influenced and will follow my lead.  Additionally, he is the only team member that I selected which Dr. Robeson agreed to admit to the team.”
“You seem to know your team’s viewpoints.  My orders are to assist you in anyway possible.  What are the corporation’s plans?  I was not given much information before getting my travel orders.”
“Dr. Claber is the key element that gives us the edge in setting up the corporation on this planet.  His research is in social stratification.  He wants to support his theory by using the MMS to show that primitives do not have the mental ability to advance.”
Perplexed, Captain Jameson lists what he knows about the MMS, “The MMS, Mental Monitor System, was developed to counter cryogenics side effects by minimizing mental atrophy, psychosis, and aggression.  We all use it during long space flights that take years.  How does his research help promote the company.”
“The MMS has the additional ability, when in the right hands, to make the natives compliant to the corporation developing the planet.  Anyone questioning the natives will find that they are pleased with the Xeres Corporation and our policies.  If there are any usable resources then the natives will agree to our management and development.  We eliminate any opposition at the start by using the MMS before any documentation or organization of opposition.”
“I thought the MMS was certified as harmless and only strictly controlled units were able to modify behavior of convicted criminals.  Even then, the judicial system must approve the use in place of execution.”
“One of our subsidiaries manufactures the MMS.  The market for the unit that modifies behavior is too small to justify its production so the company manufactures all with the capability.  With the feature integrated into the design, the cost of that feature becomes minimal.  The only difference between the units is the style of the case.  Thus our development of the planet is guaranteed with the MMS.”  Dr. Ximber chuckles at a solution that the corporation proposed.  “If anyone should discover the misuse of the MMS then we have Dr. Claber as the perpetrator of such a heinous crime.”  Captain Jameson smiles at Dr. Ximber and reminds himself to watch the good Dr. Ximber closely.
“Now, I understand why the security assigned to the Orion is so light.  What are the bonus and financial incentives if this is to be that easy?” 
“A finder’s fee of $25,000 for each resource discovered.  This is to be split among all executives that are in system at the time of discovery.  That means you and me.  An additional 5% of the profit on any resources developed is split between us.  A bonus of $50,000 to each of us if there is no opposition from the university or Gannesmede government.”
“Do I thank you or Director Haipt for the incentives?”
“Actually, both of us.  Your major part is ensuring the ore samples reflect the yield the company wants the University to receive.  The addition of watching Dr. Jralt should easily work within that goal and eliminate a major block for the project.  I control the discoveries on the planet’s surface.”
Dr. Ximber explains how the research aids the corporations plans, “Dr. Claber wants to use the MMS to define the development of the natives by comparing their mental scans to others in the galaxy.  The MMS will prove that their society is incapable of advancement, and needs our protection and help to improve and develop into a fully functioning and meaningful member of the galaxy.  We will need to develop their resources in order to pay for all this help we are providing them.”
“Yes, we will help them right out of their resources,” sneers the Captain, as he contemplates his share of the proceeds.

