Seanchu’s walking story
By Sean L

Table of Contents


Book key
Time
Soshi
Frame= Second.
Pin= Minute.
Lap= Hour.
Cycle= Day.
Term= Month.
Season= Year.

Cynxin
Cynminute= Minute.
Cynhour= Hour.
Cynday= Day.
Cynxin Year= Years

Timeline
BM= Before Mir (BC)
AM= After Mir (AC)

Word
Tocycle= today.
Itself= it doing thing on its own.
Goodmir= Goodbye or good day
Cynbye = Good bye in Cynxin.

Scene 1
It starts, as we are inside the inn in the city of Sydberra… for a kid named Soulchu, a good movie will always arrives here every day… then a walker named Seanchu arrives to see 20-40 kids in this inn.
From the home race of Soshi, to the space race of Cynxin, and other races that is still out there, Seanchu is a good movie telling.
20 pins later, he starts telling the one of 3 movie that he finds out there.
The first movie is called Axgia.
Axgia- Prologue
This story starts, in the black sky of space, and then, 4 small spaceships show up to found... something, Then ship 288 calls this out, “this is flyer Aaron to flyer team 1, 2, 3, found anything”.
Then ship 361 calls out, “this is flyer Ikki to Aaron, nothing but your calls”, Then ship 133 calls out, “this is ship-“.
But, before this person finishes, he died by the ship being destroyed by an unknown flyer from a race of people called F'ul'awn.
So Ikki call out, “Ship 1, 3, 3 recall your message, ship 1,3,3”, then, ship 203 calls out, “Ship 1-“.
But then, ship 203 goes boom and kill another flyer.
Then Aaron says in the ship, “Nutbag, ship 1, 3, 3 and 2, 0, 3 is Destroyed, this ship is a death one after I done with it”.
Then he starts shooting at the unknown flyer but...
Before he known it, he says, “I'm hit, I'm hit, I’m losing main and backup engine”, His engine is hit and this hit overloaded the engine enough to shut the ship down.
Once he starts to see it as a total stop, he call out, “Ikki, my ship is down, I need your help now”.
Then Ikki call out, “I coming-“.
But then it stop, as he says, “Ikki, recall your message, Ikki, Ikki, Ikkkkk-“.
But then, he eye open up as he says, “Ikki”.
Then a female says “Aaron, that bad dream again”.
As this she simply know for 5 Cynday now, but then, Aaron says, “yes, a bad dream Zoe’…
Then Zoe says, “and this is about Ikki death”…
And then, Aaron says, “yes, it is”.
Then Zoe says, “this dream is two Cynxin year old now, but this is starting to be troubling”.
For Zoe, her lifestyle is more farmer than flyer, but only does café jobs.
But then, Aaron says, “well, a new caption or Mini-King has this dream before taking it to wars”.
And then Aaron says, “but this is not, wars”.
But, as this ship the arriving at the system zone, will this dream happen again, I not know, as the story go on, start reading.
Axgia
The First Edition
By Drewn M
Movie made in 642AM

Chapter 1
A Cynhour later, on the Cynxin year 1109, in a system zone called S005, P6, M1.
Aaron, Zoe and Aaron's cargo is in route to a spaceship called Axgia, but Aaron says, “Flyer Mewty, what's the hold-up”.
The small ship arrives with 4 Cynminutes more than needed, And all small spaceships is for space only, But, all small ship can’t attack or shield itself at all.
So Mewty says the unusable true, “well, this Axgia is not here by now, so, I'm setting a return route to home be-“.
But then Aaron says,”that will not do”.
But then, Mewty says, “but this ship is no-“.
but before Mewty can finish, Aaron says, “well then, look here, the Axgia is two Cyndays out of the dock and that's without a caption, so we must find it as long as doable”.
And then, Mewty says, “alright, we stand here”.
Then Aaron says, “That’s will be good enough Mewty”.
5 Cynminutes later...
When Mewty says, “Hey, the ship is here”.
The spaceship Axgia arrive at the coded route, but then Mewty call out, “this is flyer Mewty to Axgia, this ship is ready to dock at once”.
Then Opt-capt called Ashbee call out, “this is Opt-capt Ashbee to flyer Mewty, you got the code to dock, left air dock at 10 cynminutes”...
“left air dock, yes sir”. Said Mewty...
“by the way, I must talk to Aaron now, at once”, said Ashbee...
“Aaron, the call is for you”, said Mewty...
Then Aaron calls out, “Aaron here”.
Then, Ashbee call out, “Aaron, I'm got a message from Picom AR-team, the team is under attack, and need the Axgia now, before it is too late”.
Then Aaron calls out, “well, starts the docking stage as once”.
Then Ashbee call out, “starting now, C&C out”.
And so once the two ship docks, Aaron goes to C&C.
Four Cynminutes later, Aaron arrive in C&C room next to the fly room.
When Ashbee says, “New caption in desk”.
As the caption is in the C&C, but when, an Air T-Cont only says, “set”.
3 Cynseconds later, when Aaron says, “as you are”.
Then Ashbee says, “Caption Aaron, this ship and people inside is now under your control”.
And then, Aaron says, “I understand, Opi-cap Ashbee”.
Then, air t-cont says, “Ready to go”.
And then, Aaron says, “Air T-cont Kami, report”.
Then, Kami says, “well, the Picom AR-team is gone, the teams control ships cut out the call setting, and I not know how the attack even started”.
And then, Aaron says, “Ashbee, time to arrive”.
Then, Ashbee says, “flyer Sochu tell me that, it will be a 7 Cynhours jump at best speed, but the loading time is just starting”...
But then, Aaron only says, “loading time Ashbee”.
Then, Ashbee says, “yes sir, it is the cargo, because we got only 7 people doing the transfer with Flyer Mewty sir”...
And then, Aaron says, “and the small ship can't go with Axgia”.
So, Ashbee says, “well, this is your call”.
Only then, Aaron says, “put the ship in stand up mode”.
And then, Ashbee says, “yes sir”.
10 Cynminutes later…
Aaron is able to send one more person to help the cargo.
But Zoe is able to see that the cargo will not lasts under the number of people on broad…
Aaron is just trying to get Axgia flying, no matter what happens...
so the cargo must be inside A.S.A.P...
for Zoe, the cargo will be inside the Axgia, and will hold it together…
30 Cynminutes later, as the crew lock the cargo down…
Mewty is able to check her ship for undock…
then, Aaron shows up to see Mewty off…
Mewty tell Aaron about the cargo ship will not fly for 6 cynmonths...
but Aaron tell Mewty that the crew will find a way…
after enough time, Mewty leaves the ship, and closed her ship...
for Aaron, the cargo will have to be sent by spaceport...
so Aaron closed the Air dock...
6 Cynminutes later, when Aaron says, “report, Ashbee”.
Then, Ashbee says, “the small ship is un-dock, and the cargo is as lock down as doable”.
And then, Aaron says, “well then, start the first Warpjump to S002, P2, M2”.
Then, Ashbee says, “Yes sir”.
“Warpgate systems going online”, said Sochu…
“Warpgate ready to jump”, said Sochu…
“Jump”, said Aaron...
And Axgia leave the system zone by Warpjump to S002, P2, M2.
But, this route takes more than 7 Cynhours to reach it, so will the Axgia get to the team in time.
Two Cynhours later, Aaron is at the engine room.
When Aaron says, “Main-eng, report”.
Then, Main-Eng says, “Main-eng Leic reporting, the engine is at 91%, and power levels is good”.
And then, Sup-eng called Goash says, “and this engine is over 5 Cynxin years old”.
And then, Aaron says, “So this engine can go the range”.
Then, Leic says, “two Cynxin years of range”.
And then, Aaron says, “so why you calls”.
Then Leic says, “The engine info is standard caption code, but the life support system is a lower setting”.
Then Goash says, “And that's a bad thing”.
And then, Aaron says, “that undo-able”.
Then Leic says, “This system is at 52%, or can support C&C, Lab, Fly, Bank, Café and Film, but no more after this.
But then, Aaron says, “So the CO2 filler must be uses into the repairs are done”.
Then, Leic says, “that's right, sir”.
And then, Aaron says, “do what you can”.
Then, Leic says, “Yes sir”.
So Aaron leaves the room to give Leic and a sup-eng Goash, room to work.
a Cynhour later.
When, Irki only says,” well”.
And then, Dawn says, “work, done-, the, Bot, store, is, in, Z-air, mode, sir”.
“good, Kaichu, Hillchu, report”, said Irti…
“Kaichu here, build, zone, is ready, to go, Z-air mode”, said Kaichu…
“Hill here, land, zone, is ready, to go, Z-air mode, and, refilling system, is at, 100%, ready”, said Hillchu...
Then, Irki says, “Good, stand by”.
But before Irki take a break, Aaron arrives for a report; so Irki says, “ok, and Caption, come in”.
And Aaron says, “Report, Bot chief”.
Then, Irki says, “Well, the build zone is in Z-air setting once all people leave the build zone”.
The ship and spaceport used two zones, the 30 land pads, and 16 units of 3 AR1 storage pads in the land zone and the 18 repair pads, and 10 parts only pads in the build zone.
The build zone is a level up, and uses an air lock to enable repairs for the Air Robot...
But this zone is not for people at once.
Then Aaron says, “That’s good, but what is this ready to go”.
And then, Ashbee says, “Caption the recycle-cap call you to the recycle room, this is order P-1”.
Then Aaron says, “Alright, I understand... cared on”.
And then, Irki says, “yes sir”.
Then, when Aaron to leavening, Irki says, “now is eating time”.
So, as Irki goes to the café room to food, Aaron go to the recycle room for a report.
3 Cynminutes later, Aaron arrives at the recycle room, when Aaron says, “report, recycle-caption”.
Then Netcom says, “recycle-caption Netcom reporting, the water recycling system at 100% specs, and the recycling rate is 192L per Cynday”.
And then, Aaron says, “So this is a good thing”.
So, when, Netcom says, “yes sir, but the food compacting unit is working overtime at 6 severing pack every two Cynhours, which is due to a failed of parts”.
Then, Aaron says, “that bad timing”.
And then, Netcom says, “yes it is, this is online for one Cynday”…
“so try to fix it, or make to must of it”, said Aaron…
“I do the beat I can”, said Netcom...
So when, Aaron says, “cared on Netcom”...
Then, Netcom says, “yes sir”.
And then he leaves them to eat.
3 Cynminutes later, Aaron arrives at the Café room, when Aaron says, “Zoe”.
And then, Zoe says, “Caption, eating time”.
Then Aaron says, “I'm ready”.
but, as both Aaron and Zoe starts eating the Severing pack, Zoe starts saying, “well, like the meal”.
The severing pack got a meal, a heat bag with heat fuel, and a snack.
But this is store rated for 3 Cynxin years, so good food is too rare.
And then, Aaron says, “well now, this food is usable”.
But, Zoe says, “Not me and two others, the food pack we got will be builds for two Cynxin years, but will only hold this ship for two to 3 Cynweeks before the people will calls of good food”.
Then, Aaron says, “good food for a Cynday can buy-“.
But, before he can finish, Zoe says, “3 Cyndays, and storing it, will use all the storage room we get”.
Then, Aaron says, “but good food is a 10 GP-Al bars a person, and that is not usable, so make this food last”.
Then, Zoe says, “Well, this room do need a cooking pot and heater top”.
And once the meal is done, Aaron goes to C&C...

Chapter 2
7 Cynhours and 2 Cynminute after Axgia Warp-jump out of the system zone, S005, P6, M1.
Spaceship Axgia arrives at S002, P2, M2.
But the AR-team is no more, so Aaron says, “full scan setting Kami”.
Then, Kami says, “Air T-cont Kami on the job”.
And then Goty says,” Kami, I'm ready to help”.
For the Air robot number one or AR-001, it is a Gen-1 unmanned spacecraft.
Its two wing pod designs are used for planet flying or in code term, inter spaces mission.
And it single gun is design for the 500 shot range.
But, it battery range is 80 Cynhours.
And it needs a control ship for every turn.
2 Cynminute later, when Aaron says, “Goty report”.
And then, Goty says, “yes sir, 20 Z'hthia is reset to fly mode,“.
Then, Aaron says, “so what happen to the 20 others”.
And then, Goty says, “the other 20 Z'hthia is too damage to turn on, plus the two control ship is destroyed, and 8 of the 20 flyer is damage enough to be call home”.
So then Aaron says, “OK send the 8 damage Air Robot to the build zone, the 4 good ones to Shield-opt at Axgia, and the rests to search for rebuild-able or junk spacecraft for recycling”.
And then, both Goty and Kami, “yes sir”.
Then Aaron calls the engine room to make the ship goes slow but levels.
A cynhour later, Irki is in the café room, just eating some food, and looking at the newspod...
Kaichu is able to repair 2 AR1 back to flyable mode…
and Hillchu is set to refill the AR1, but one AR1 landed to be refill…
sadly Irki knows that a full AR1 refill is 60 cynminutes long...
and one Shield-opt AR1 must refill in one cynhour…
so just getting the crafts un-bay to Shield-opt, is the best that the crew can do...
2 Cynhours later, when Aaron says, “Ashbee report”.
then, Ashbee says, sir, “Goty report in, 6 AR1 is junk, 5 AR1 is rebuild-able and 1 unknown craft is in the Build zone, a AR1 is rebuild-able and 4 unknown craft is in the land zone”, but Aaron only says, “and...”.
Then Ashbee says, “And 5 Z'hthia is left with enough power to finish search for the 7 Damage-“.
But before it finish, Kami says, “Caption, P-1 data”.
And Aaron says, “Kami, what out there”.
Then Kami says, “sir, one wave of F'ul'awn spacecraft is heading to Axgia”.
And then Aaron says, “Wave sizes”.
Then, Kami says, “8 FR-8, 4 FR-6, 4 FR-2 and a CPC-11 with a ship coded as SS-0, 0, 8-S’am’Chu”.
Then, Ashbee says, “S’am’Chu, but that ship is too powerful for this ship”.
And then, Aaron says, “Time to arrival”.
Then Kami says, “3 Cynhours”.
And then, Aaron says, “this ship got no gun, right”.
Then, Kami says, “yes sir”.
Then Aaron says, “Kami, P-1 orders, recall all craft to base for Warpjump”.
And then, Kami says, “sir, order going hot sir”.
3 Cynminutes later…
“sir, two AR1 is towing a repair-able AR1 now’, said Irki…
“time to docking”, said Aaron…
“about 7 Cynminutes, with two Cynminutes to warpjump, sir”,said Irki…
“Ashbee, set a route, System zone 0,0,1”, said Aaron…
“yes sir”, said Ashbee…
10 Cynminute later, when all the Z'hthia is inside…
“land zone door is closed for warpjump, sir”, said Ashbee
“OK, start the warpjump”, said Aaron…
“warpgate systems going online”, said Sochu…
“sir, battle wave is 2 cynhours, 47 cynminutes away, sir”, said Sochu...
“jump”, said Aaron, as the ship leaves the system zone to S001.
But it at two Cynhours route so the people in the ship is hoping to lose it.
40 Cynminutes later, Irki and Dawn is starts the repairs of the Z'hthia.
So when, Irki says, “so, what is this ship?”
Dawn is checking the junk Z'hthia when Dawn says, “junk, 5, left, gun, wing, gone, comp, too, damage, and, main, gun, gone”.
“Kaichu here, junk, 1, comp, is remove, with care”, said Kaichu...
Then, Irki says, “this is, F'ul'awn alright, this is a Fighter Robot 6 or FR-6”.
A FR-6 or Fighter Robot number six is F'ul'awn Gen-3 unmanned spacecraft.
It used a 4 wing pod design, but this design work only for space flying or outer space mission.
And its gun is design for maximun power hit.
But, it battery range is 27 Cynhours, and it not built to be repairable.
And then, Dawn says, “junk, 6, comp, gone, wing, still, usable, this, unit, gone”.
But then, Irki says, “Dawn, report repair sets”.
Then, Dawn reported, “sir, all, 6, unit, gone... one, comp... 3, batt... two, gun... one, sc... 5, ant... 4, left, wing... 4, right, wing... and, 3, tail, still, usable”.
In shock, Irki only says, “That’s it”.
And Dawn says, “that's, is, all, sir... ant, com, and, batt, to storage... but, 3, repair, unit, need, wing, gun, sc, and, tail... due, to, A, M, S, A, W, C”.
And Irki re-code it, “As Meaner Ship as We Can”.
And Dawn only says, “Yes”.
So, Irki starts a new plan when Irki says, “OK, Dawn starts recycling mode, and send good parts to Bot storage”.
Then, Dawn says, “yes, sir”.
“and Kaichu, this order is for you too”, said Irki…
“yes sir”, said Kaichu...
Two Cynhours and 11 Cynminutes after Axgia Warpjump out of the system zone, S002, P2, M2.
And the ship arrives at S001, and now in route to the 3rd planet.
But in the lab, when a main-lab called Joy says, “the severing pack is not good enough for this ship”.
Then, a sup-lab called Nela says, “but this type of food is good enough for deep-“.
But then, Joy says, “I know, I know, long range mission, oh Mir water”.
The Lab room is a standard part of all med-size plus ship, all of the spaceports, and all of the bases.
With good tool, good people, and good pay as standard in every lab room.
Then Aaron arrives in the lab and says “hello labs”.
Then, Joy says, “hi Aaron, checking up”.
Then Aaron says, “As standard”.
For Aaron, he arrive just to check the lab room, But for Joy, this is standard times, as she is a caring main-lab, but she is once a slave for 3 masters.
But after she disobeys her last order by the 3rd master misuses, she is selling to a Bot zone in S038, P2, M1, B5 as a Bot chief aid.
But one Cynday, she skills in healing show itself and turn her into the main-lab in 2 small ships, but it well owns places.
But two things is clear, she like to be calls doctor Kiitdr and she get a 38 centimetres long tail due to her DNA being like a race of people called Soshi.
But for Nela, she is more like a race of people called Cynxin, because of a 19 centimetres bunny ears.
So once the lab report is done, Aaron says, “Well, this lab is in good hand”.
And then, Joy says, “That’s right, but for you, get some sleep”.
Then Aaron says, “You got it”.
And then, he arrive the lab for some sleep.
20 Cynminutes later, Aaron is inside the standard room, to get some sleep…
“Zoe”, said Aaron…
“Aaron”, said Zoe…
after 90 Cynminutes, he is now asleep…
but in he dreams...
“Why, why me”, said Aaron…
“Aaron, Aaron, help me”, said Ikki…
then a beeping sound wake Aaron up, before…
“Caption to the build zone”, said Irki in the microphone…
“Ikki, 6 Cynhours, oh nutbags”, said Aaron…
A Cynhours later.
When Irki says, “Z'hthia 3 done, Dawn”.
Then, Dawn says, “all, 6, unit, is transfer, to, bin... 4, bay, ready”.
And then, Irki says, “for 5 repair-AR...”.
“No, data, of your order”, said Dawn.
But then, Aaron arrives in the Build zone after some sleep and says,” Irki, report”.
Then, Irki says, “Sir, 3 Z'hthia is ready to fight, sir”.
And then Aaron says, “Well this team is”.
And Irki says, “Useless by FR-6”.
Then, Aaron only says, “F'ul'awn”.
And then, Irki says, “and as a point for forms, this ship is now the control ship, so it renames Axgia AR-term”.
Then, Aaron says, “So can we buy control ships”.
And then, Irki says, “No need for this, because I know enough to rebuild two FR-6 as control ships, and only of then will get a mind chip, so, we can rebuild two team without stopping”.
And Aaron says, “well that's will do, put your plan in action”.
Then Irki says, “Yes sir”.
And only when he Leaves, Irki and Dawn start the next job.

Chapter 3
3 Cynhours later, spaceship Axgia Arrives at S001, P3.
When, Aaron says, “Kami, un-bay, 4 Z'hthia, then, Kami says, Z'hthia 1-4 clear for un-bay”.
Then, Goty says, “Z'hthia 1-4, let it, rip”.
And 2 Cynminutes later, 4 Z'hthia is outside the ship for Shields-opt.
And then Goty says, “So, using the Z'hthia for shielding this ship help”.
Then Aaron says, “Yes, but warp-jumping is the only tool this ship got, and it reroute any battles away for the ship”.
And then, Kami says, “well, this ship is not usable”.
Then, Joy call out, “Dr.Kiitdr to C&C”.
Then Aaron says, “C&C online Joy... go on”.
And then, Joy call out, “I got something odd about this planet, it destroyed by a planets core failed, and this is unchanged for 70 Cynxin Years or 50 odd seasons”.
Then, Aaron says, “I got it, C&C out.
And then, Aaron says, “Ashbee.
Then, Ashbee says, “Well then, by the books, only one planet is destroyed by core failed”.
And then Aaron says, “And its”.
Then, Ashbee say it, “planet Cynxin”.
And then, Aaron says, “well, let's looks around”.
4 Cynminutes later, Irki call out, “Bot chief Irki to C&C”.
And Aaron says, “This is C&C”.
Then Irki call out, “one FR-6 in control ship mode is ready to fight”.
Then, Aaron says, “Craft ready levels”.
And then, Irki call out, “17 Z'hthia and 1 FR-6”.
Then Aaron says, “I understand, C&C out“...
And for two Cynhours, Axgia only find some books from a time now long gone, and a probe that died out…
but after enough time, Aaron call out the search, and places the ship on stand up…
a cynday later, Axgia is able to learn about the planets battlefields…
one battlefield got over 200 down AR1, and 20 dwon FR4, that a team of 6 AR1 from Axgia is searching for good crafts and parts...
for 4 cynhours, most down ships is too damage to dock, and the batterys is too old to be recycleable...
in the end, the ship got 31 AR1 with dead batterys, 10 rebuild-able AR1, and 10 junk AR1…
and also got 6 damage FR4, and 4 junk FR4…
a cynhour later, Axgia is ready to leave the field...
but, just then, a wave of unknown craft show up by the search system…
Aaron is shock about this, as he tell Goash about it...
“all 12 crafts that come out of nowhere, sir”, said Goash...
because it is a special probe…
it is called the FA-1000...
unlike the AR1, the probe is 4 metres long, 3 metres wide with 2 wing for air mode, and 2 metres long with no tail…
and high class computers that can do the full mission with only back up control system when a manned mission is needed, or to save the probe...
some time later, Aaron is forced to set a team…
and once deep inside the battlefields aftermath, Axgia unbay a FR1, and 10 AR1 to attack the wave...
with 30 cynminute before the wave find Axgia, the team leaves the field to stop the wave…
10 cynminutes later, Axgia is able to stay out of the battle...
then, Sochu found a down ship with enough good battery for 100 AR1…
the cargo is open to space, and any repairs will use time…
but the battery is now needed…
so after unbaying 4 AR1, Axgia starts repairing the ship for getting the cargo...
some time later, only 6 FA-1000 leaves the battlefield, at the lose of 6 AR1’s, the damage of 4 AR1, and the return of the FR1 control craft…
and the ship is dock, and the cargo of battery is save, with 500 litters of water, 10 food box, and enough ship parts for Axgia to keep going for a time...
but once undock from the down ship, leaving the field is now a good idea...
so Axgia leaves the battlefield...
a Cyndays later, in the System zone S001, P3, M1...
the Axgia is able to stay out of the battles out there...
but Aaron and Zoe is in need of an emergency…
but then…
“Sir, an SOS. Is calling for any ship that needs food”, said Kami...
“Sir, it is a P-0 order”, said Ashbee...
“well, about time, system codes”, said Kami…
“S001, P5”, said Kami…
“Sochu, set a route, S001, P5”, said Aaron…
“yes sir”, said Sochu...
So Axgia leaves S001, P3, to reach S001, P5...
6 Cynhours later, Axgia arrives at S001, P5…
just to see the SOS call from a Spaceship, it is dock to an unknown Spaceport…
“well, this is run down, sir”, said Ashbee…
“I got a bad feeling about this place”, said Kami...
but the Caption soon find out that 6 people is in there…
So, Axgia dock with the spaceport...
30 Cynminutes later, Axgia just docks at the SOS spaceship...
“Irki, what are you doing this”, said Aaron…
“Sir, I’m just looking at the dock port”, said Irki…
“and”, said Aaron…
“well, this dock, is death… and risked, I think this port is a death port”, Irki says in fear…
“your right on the docking port, but nothing knows into you enter the port”, said Zoe…
“but we can take steps to save us, when the time calls for it”, said Joy...
so Aaron, Zoe, and Joy enters the ship...
22 Cynminutes later, Aaron enters the C&C room...
“well, this room is in good shape, and can fly again, if we can un-dock this ship”, said Aaron…
“Aaron, someone is here”, said Joy…
“oh god, help just made it, said the caption named Myth…
“so your the caption of this ship”, said Aaron…
“yes, I’m the caption”, said Myth…
“Aaron, I find two kids in bad shape, I must give aid now”, said Joy…
“do it, time is limited”, said Aaron…
so joy takes the two kids to the standard room, as Aaron try to talk with Myth about the ship being able to fly…
but 4 Cynminutes later, Myth tell Aaron about the dock no longer working, and must undock the ship in the land zone…
so Zoe stays with Myth, and Aaron goes to the land zone...
30 Cynminutes later, Aaron the in the land zone, just to found a way to save the ship…
but soon finds out that the zone only have some Air robots…
so Aaron goes back to the C&C room, but once there, he find the room empty...
but before he can search for Zoe…
“Aaron, the port computer is attacking-”, said Joy, before the dock is now undock at Axgia port…
so once at the dock, it is Irki that undock the Axgia…
two Cynminutes later, Aaron order the Axgia to shield the port from any more ships…
while Irki stays with the 2 people, and Aaron and Joy goes in to save the crew…
45 Cynminutes later…
Aaron and Joy enter a room to find Zoe and Myth...
Only to find 2 people that is not brainwash, and 3 people that is still not enter the mind crash level…
for Joy, this is a bad sign…
“Aaron, we must find the Mini-Queen room, before it is too late to save Zoe”, said Joy…
“you got it”, said Aaron...
15 Cynminutes later, Aaron and Joy enter the Mini-Queen room to stop Myth from brainwashing Zoe..
but as Joy found a gun that only Mini-Queen can uses, it is too late…
as the Caption use the slave units to enslave Zoe, but…
“Main-King, the unit is too damage to enslaved her, and the spaceport computers is getting damage”, said the Mini-Queen as a maid…
as the slave unit tell all of the slaves to enslave everything…
but Joy soon see that the MK-BP, or Mini-King baby program is still online, and now controlling the port…
fro Aaron, destroying the slave unit is now the last turn to save the spaceport…
for Joy, she knows it, all too well, so Joy use the gun, and fire a shot to the slave unit, and destroy it…
but then, the Mini-Queen wake up to see the units no longer able to work...
30 Cynminutes later, Aaron is able to place the caption under room lock down…
and the Mini-Queen take control over the ship…
Zoe is able to be herself again, as the brainwash is just starting when the unit fails…
but then, the ports computers started to goes bad…
with 32 people that manage to get in the ship, time is run out….
So the Mini-Queen is forced to undock…
And with 30 Cynseconds to total fail, The spaceship, and Axgia warpjump to S044…
then, the spaceport goes boom…
12 Cynhours later, The spaceship, and Axgia jump out of warpgate, and started to dock up…
for Aaron, Joy, Zoe, and Irki, this is goodbye to Cynxin home planet…
so once in the Axgia, Aaron set a route to any where...
and once undock, the ship warpjump away from Axgia, as Axgia goes on...
Into 3 Cyndays later, as we are in S051, P3.
for Aaron, he tell Opt-capt Ashbee that this spaceport is a good place to stop and rests...
But then Air T-cont Kami just got a P-1 text message and it only says that this spaceport is in need of food and water, And to come at once.
For Aaron, this mean all ship must give some food and water to ports in need.
So, Aaron tell Ashbee to set a route at once...
But with it make it...
Two Cynhours later, Aaron arrives at the engine room for a standard check up.
But, Main-Eng Leic is ready to tell him that the engine needs a rest before it too late...
And Goash tell him that main power is falling to blackout levels and it have 10 day into main power fails.
Aaron is now telling Leic and Goash that in a few hours, the engine will get its rest.
And then, Aaron returns to C&C for the shield team to arrive.
An Cynhour later, Axgia is in S051, P7 to found the dock team.
For  bot t-cont Goty, this is the point of the shied team entered.
But a Cynminute later, two AR-3 with a nickname Lugotto arrive with a text message from the spaceport called SP-Ashxin.
It reads, Unicar, and welcome to Spaceport Ashxin.
Please set your route to Ashxin at any time and the two Lugotto will take you there.
Then Aaron text a reply.
And tell Ashbee to set this route as once.
So, the Axgia is on a new route to SP-Ashxin.
An Cynhour later, Aaron arrives at the café, just for a talk to Zoe.
For Zoe, one thing is clear, the dry out boxes must go, because of spaces used and makes food checking hard to do.
So Zoe tell Aaron this, but also tell Aaron that the food pack is failing too soon, 13 food box is now past its use by date.
But Aaron tell her that good food is not in store as this port, and only 30 food box is to be transfer once docking is done, but the rest is at P-1 orders, and this, it must last as long as doable.
So, Aaron leave with a plan to help, and no more.
10 Cynminute later, Axgia is just docks to SP-Ashxin.
But as Aaron walk in, the caption of the Ashxin with a nickname of Kitdrew arrive to tell Aaron that the Ashxin food stores is now low.
And Zoe tells Ashxin that this talk can be done in the café room.
So, Aaron, Kitdrew and Zoe go to Ashxin cafe room to talk more in this.
Meanwhile Joy, Nela, and Irki is going to the film room for new film and aid store...
And this is a rest stop for Axgia engine.
15 Cynminutes later, Aaron, Zoe and Kitdrew arrive at the cafe room.
For a Cafe-Cook called Pidawn, she takes the orders.
Aaron takes the Severing pack, Zoe takes the Carice soup with Cyncola, and Kitdrew take just Cyntea.
Once it done, the captions now talking about the size of the unload cargo.
for Aaron, he can only lost 9 empty boxes, and 30 food pack boxes.
But Kitdrew need more food box at 20 each.
Then Zoe tell Kitdrew that out of date food is in the 30 Food box pack, so she can lose no more than 30 food box to Ashxin.
Aaron not like it, but Kitdrew is too fast is the draw and done, we take it.
For Aaron, this is bad bet with no ways to get out.
So Aaron sign the file work with an odd looks.

Chapter 4
6 Cynhours later, Aaron arrives at the C&C of power room.
For Aaron, he is only send a report of the transfer, but then Air T-Cont called Maxnae just call out from a small spaceship is under attack by 4 Fight-Ray LR500B, a robot flyer by an unknown race that we still have no data here.
But, as life support is starts to fails, Aaron tell Kitdrew how many craft that Ashxin got.
But the Ashxin started with 40 Lugotto, ten of them, is always outsize as shielding at all time.
3 team of 4 is on standby for SAR Mission, and ten of them is destroyed out there.
And Kitdrew tell Aaron that he can only send one team to this mission, so Aaron decides to send a new team to this mission too.
So both captions decide to send crafts to this mission.
30 Cynminute later, Irki and Dawn is in the land zone, to set-up a team to save the small ship.
But then, Aaron arrives to set a team for SAR mission.
For Irki, 2 FR-6 is ready to go, and the FR-6’s is rebuilt with a mind chip.
And 3 AR-001 is also ready to, so Irki tell Aaron that this team is ready to go.
Then, Aaron goes to C&C, and Irki go to the café.
20 Cynminute later, Aaron return to C&C to start the mission.
When, he gets a text message from Ashxin that says, “Unicar, Mission, start, End of line”.
Then, Aaron says, “good hunting”.
And then, SP-Ashxin just starting to un-bay 4 Lugotto for a SAR mission.
Then Aaron says, “un-bay team A01”.
And then, 3 AR-001 and a FR-6 are un-bay from Axgia for this mission.
Then Aaron texts FR-6 as head-bot, that to get the spaceship to Ashxin before it too late.
So, the two team leaves Ashxin for an 8+ Cynhour’s mission.
But will the spaceship make it.
4 Cynhours later, the 8 crafts just found the ship in shut down mode.
But then 4 Fight-Ray LR500B show up to attack the rescue team.
And after 12 minute of fighting, 2 Fight-Ray is forced to leave the battlefield.
Only 3 craft is left to finish the job, and it is two damage AR-001 and a damage FR-6 from the Axgia.
But the spacecraft only have 5 Cynhours of life left.
So, the 3 craft take the small spaceship to Ashxin.
4 Cynhour later, Aaron and Zoe are watching a film.
Only 10 films is usable for watching, and a new one is only ready to use every two month.
So most of it will be re-edited after 100 plays.
And only a handful of the old film is rebuild from film that is too damage to see.
So for Aaron, every film in every Cynxin Bases and Ports is always special.
But then, Ashxin C&C call out, the spaceship just arrives, and calls all caption must go to storage room one, now.
So, Aaron and Zoe leave the film room to reach the first storage room.
30 Cynminute later, Aaron and Kitdrew is in storage room one just to help the small ship.
But only two people can walk out, and one need first aid, and the ship is too damage to fly...
So, Kitdrew and Aaron order all crew to take the cargo out of the dyed ship.
With 96 boxes in this ship, 10 of them is M-aid box, 74 food pack boxes, and 12 money box, it take 3 Cynhour to do it right.
So, Kitdrew go to the lab to help out, and Aaron return to ship after this job is done.
A Cynday of rest later, the Axgia is resting up for a long run that’s coming.
And only Joy, Irki, Nela and Kami are still in the Axgia.
But then, Ashxin C&C is now calling out, to all Axgia cast to return home.
Because of a new ship named Axchu, is in route to here now.
So all Axgia crew is returning to Axgia.
An Cynhour later, Aaron and Zoe is in the second storage room, just about to undock.
And Kitdrew tell Aaron that everything will be here by the time your turn come.
But then, Aaron says, the Axgia with return soon, as Axgia homeport.
For Kitdrew, this is a good call, and then, Aaron and Zoe leave Ashxin with a good desk.
10 Cynminute later, the Axgia is undocked and start to a leave route.
And as the two routes out of this port, and 2 Lugotto is with every ship in and out.
And then, Aaron tells Ashbee to set a route to a new ways.
So, Axgia leave S051 to reach another system.
But will Axgia return…
As the ship go on...

Scene 2
After reading Axgia, Seanchu call of commits.
Soulchu tell Seanchu that the work is needing a good ending.
And Lucyrai tell Seanchu that too many people is not a good way to build a movie.
But Ashley tell Seanchu that this movie is good for people with high ideas failed.
And Seanchu soon see that this movie is a 10 good level movie.
So he calls a break...
After a good meal, Seanchu found one kid is in a bad ways.
After 20 pins of talking, Seanchu made at he calls to tell the movie that always works.
This second movie is called, The Lord of the Sky.
The Lord of The Sky- Prologue
Ace...7...Roshi...624AM
Once upon a time, we are in a field of Oatwheat, and wild treehoney in the village.
This village is a rusty old village named Caneny village.
It is only 8pm, just before the heavy rains arrive on the village.
And then, the rain goes heavier by the laps, the houses get more and more waterlog at the same rate.
The people in Caneny village are already in bed and fast to sleep, but all the village house roofs are too rusted to stop the rainwater from wetting the people and the items inside.
And then, something happen at the flour mill, it is the roofs that falling inside.
And the river is flows more water but not overflowing it.
But, just before the rain ended, a boom-like sound is heard across the village's sky.
Then, a fireball show itself in the night sky and goes on the dark clouds, and it stop, like its nothing.
34 frames later, two other boom-like sounds are heard in the same way.
And only the land and trees go up to the sky that is too near the sound.
And all the people in Caneny village that wake up simply view this sound as thunder.
But this is no thunder, is something more.
So who, or what, is doing, or making, this...
The Lord of The Sky
The First Edition
By Loarc K
Made in 635AM

Chapter 1
Mew...8...Roshi...624AM... As a sun rise behind the mountains and forests that's around the village, we was inside this farmhouse, that where lives is the Kiitfa family, and our young 10 seasons old boy named Agata Kiitfa is just eating breakfast of Oatwheat soup, just for this cycle, "Alright, eating time?” Agata says in a happy mood, but outside the house, someone says, "hey Amy".
Then a 9 season's old sister named Amy Kiitfa says, "Yes mom, I'm here"…
"Please find Agata for me, I've got a job for him", said Mom…
"Yes mom, I on it", she says, but as she enters, the front door open too fast and hit the wall as she says, "HEY BIG BROTHER"…
Agata is still eating he's soup before saying, "WHAT, what is it this time of the cycle, sister?”
"Mom needs you for a job brother and it a good one", she says in a happy mood…
"Oh Mir water, I'm still eating my breakfast sister, and as you well known that a good breakfast always end up in a good cycle", Agata says to Amy…
"Mmm (all boy, this again), unhappy her mind says…
"Alright, finish your breakfast and then see mom, brother"…
Amy says, and as she goes outside, he says, "Loa, sister".
And as soon as he finish's eating, he just goes outside the farmhouse to see Loa, For Agata as he runs outside, his adventure is just started, once Agata is outsides, he finds his 34 season old mom named Loa Kiitfa and says, "Hi Loa, what's up?”
"Hi my son, just seeing something odd here", said Loa, "Who is that Mill-sup anyway, it always pick up the bag of Oatwheat at this time, right?”
With an odd feeling, he says, "yes, that's Mill-Sup name is Aki Mflomi, and he's always here at this lap, so why Loa".
"Well, can you take the bag to the flour mill for us, just for tocycle?” said Loa.
"What, oh Mir water, not the foorun job", said Agata.
"Oh Mir fire, Agata this is a good load for you", said Loa...
"But that is sister's work on this job, and t-", before he's goes on saying it, his sister says, ""That's Amy to you, Brother, oh Mir water".
As she points out, and when she repairing the farm tool, she says, "it you job now, Brother, and beside that, this work is not usable for me with take-in time for Oatwheat coming up, and the house is already too rusted for any more fails.
For 3 pins, Agata try to stop this foorun and thing can hold for another cycle.
But as Loa says, "And this work is the only one left the before that trip to the shops, but-".
"Alright alright, I'm taking the job and I will do it, you happy now", said Agata by a bad feeling, the feeling of he doesn't have a choice in this matter.
"Yes, but to a point, Agata", she say in a sad mood.
And as she is finishing the tool repairs, he says, "oh, Mir, please save me".
But will Agata can arrive to the shops in time...
Meanwhile, at the Oatwheat field.
A young farmer named Zoeshi Fmhifa is taking a new bag of Oatwheat.
But the lord of Caneny village named Rami Mahild; just see her at a fail farmer, due to her free ways of life.
So Rami tries to tell Zoeshi that this bag is Caneny food and belongs is Caneny.
But Zoeshi don't see it that ways, so she just walk away with nothing more to say.
For Rami, this is war.
But her world will falls by another player.
3 pin later, Agata is searching for a good bag of Oatwheat, in the storage room of Kiitfa's farmhouse.
"Hey Brother Agata, you better get going", said Amy.
"I doing it right now, sister, I trying to find it Oatwheat bag", said Amy.
"Alright brother", said Amy.
"Mmm", said Agata.
A few frames later...
"Yes, one heavy bag of Oatwheat coming up", said Agata.
And once outside, he says, "I going now".
"OK, Agata, goodmir", said Loa.
"Goodmir Loa", Agata says as he leaves his home.
16 Pins after Agata job call, as Agata walks to the flour mill, he says, "Oh, why me, why this, and why now in all things".
"Mir save us all", he says without knowing it.
Two pins later, Agata arrives inside the flour mill, he see the wasted jar of Oatwheat flour, and then, he see Aki Mflomi and he says to him, "hi Aki, miss something".
"To a point Agata", said Aki.
So As Agata drop the bag down, he says, "Mir, this is a big lost now".
"So will the flour mill still work after the rain last sundown?” said Agata.
"Well" Aki only say.
A few frames later, Aki says, "no, the rainwater have damage the milling system, and me and Sam cannot repair it without some parts".
And as he sits down, Aki says, "and that this point, they are no more good parts left in this village to use".
"This is not good, not good at all, with no more good parts, the mill will be no more, gone", said Agata.
Then, Aki says, "and without it, we-".
But then, he finishes it as he says only this, "Death... kills by it".
"And with 64 people in this village and enough surviving flour for 3 more cycle, sooner or later, we, will, run, out", Aki says with no other way to say it.
"That's a good point Aki, no unknowns about that", Agata says.
Once he learns that it is, out of the village's hands, he says, "well then, I'm going to the shop to do something about it, so goodmir Aki".
"Goodmir Agata", said Aki.
And then, he leaves the mill, with a new job.
"And good luck", Aki saying it with all his hopes.
22 pins after Agata's job is finish, Agata is in route to a place called by the villages, the shops, then, he sings, "the shop, stop, is a good place to shop".
Or, more known as the Caneny shop stop, but before too long, Agata looks up and says, "Mmm, black smoke, at this lap".
That black smoke is rising to the sky.
"Oh no that's Not good, not good at all", said Agata...
As he runs to find the source of the smoke.
Amy is in the wild treehoney field to check the trees.
"Amy, Amy Kiitfa", said Rami.
"Lord Rami, why are you here", said Amy.
"Bad news, the bread supply is now very low", Rami says in shock.
But Amy in total shock, only say, "Why"...
"Because the mill is too damage to starts any more", said Rami...
"No, that will mean, the flour cannot be made any more, Aki is good at it, but the last time, almost destroy it", said Amy.
"And that trees is no longer be a farm-able item now", said Rami.
"Oh, Mir, please save us all", Amy says in shock.
But a few frames later, Amy got an idea, "I got it, what about making flour by hand, it can make enough for all".
"Well that, it may work, but it's a last turn call, for this village, or any village", said Rami...
"Will, Lord Rami, this village is going to be gone some-cycle, so this is now a last turn call", said Amy.
"Well, alright, let's do it", said Rami...
"Ok let's go to the Oatwheat field, and starts this plan Lord Rami", said Amy.
"Right", Rami only says.
So, Amy and Rami go to the Oatwheat field for a new batch of Oatwheat to make flour.
But will it be enough...
Back with Agata, as he arrive to the high point of the mountain.
"Oh, Mir water, this smoke is here", he says in shock.
As he sees the source of the smoke, he fines an unknown impact crater that no one else can see, but he says, "Ok, I'm going to check it up".
And that is when things get more odd than standard.
4 pins later, He is trying running to that crater but then.
(Old human phone sound from the 20's to 80's).
"What’s, is that, loud sound?” he says out loud.
The unknown item turns itself on and starts to send an odd sound that is more like an old human phone than a dial up routers.
3 pins after, the unknown item stops the odd sound a frames or two after he arrived without anyone help, and as it turns out to be, a small spaceprobe.
"It stops, thank you Mir", said Agata.
A few frames later...
"So, this is where the sound is made from, but out of this size, that's too small", he says after realizing that this is only an unmanned spaceprobe, because it is 30cm long and 10 cm in diameter.
It is no more than 4.6 kilogram and it is too small for anyone to get in.
"I got to get it to Seaash, at once", said Agata.
And so, his pickup the spaceprobe and put it inside his backpack, and leave the impact crater to reach the shop stop.
But as Agata do it, in orbit of the planet Soshi, an odd space flyer called Xicode is able to found the spaceprobe, but a village is in the way.
So the Capt calls a base called SB-Fenlia to do a special mission to find the spaceprobe.
But this mission will be the undoing.

Chapter 2
25 pins later, on a clear sunny sky, in the shop stop of Caneny, when he says, "well, clear blue sky, good food, and yet, no one's coming or going to Caneny village tocycle".
For a 32 season's old gateman named Delshi Gihiga, this is a good cycle, but that is, before Agata says in shock, "hey, Delshi, open the gate".
Agata in total shock, with the small spacecraft in his backpack, "what, your here", said Delshi.
Then, in shock Agata says, "Yes, I'm here, now open th-".
But before it finish, Delshi says, "Alright, I'm checking my date book".
A few frames later...
"Oh Mir water, tocycle is Mew cycle", said Delshi, as Mew cycle is Agata cycle’s…
He always comes here at this cycle.
"Opening the gate now, come in and goodmir to you", Delshi says to Agata.
"Goodmir Delshi", said Agata.
And with that, he goes to the inn, just to search for a walker called the wise walker.
Two pins later, he arrived in Caneny inn, Just to see the shop zone map, when he says, "all right, it's go time, let's do this".
A few frames later...
"Hi Agata, nice to see you again", As a 24 season's old shop inner named Cyrip Inhisi says it, then he says, "hey Cyrip".
And as she sees him, she says, "So what's up?”
"Well, I just searching, for the wise walker tocycle", said Agata.
"For movie time, or something more", said Cyrip.
"Well, it all starts when the flour mill is shut down due to damage that end it up with no more useable parts to use", he says.
Then she being shocks, simply says, "what, oh, Mir water, this is bad, very bad".
But he not done just yet, as he says, "Yes, it is, but then, I found out that the village is near its end unless something big will save the village".
"That is not good for the village, any village to be say", she says.
"And then, I'm founds a small item that made an odd sound, so I need to see him at once", he says.
"Well then, his in shop zone 22 as standard, and it's next to shop zone 20, 21 and 24, and movie time is almost done, so you better get moving", Cyrip tell him, Because she know this place better than others, born in 600 am, she buy an old inn and build the shop stop around it.
So She is more them the shop inner, she is the shop stop owner.
"Well then, thank you for the info at this time, goodmir Cyrip", he says.
As he goes, she says, "goodmir Agata".
And as Agata run out of the door, he tries to reach the wise walker, as fast as doable.
4 pins later, he arrives at the wise walker's shop zone, but he is too late when the wise walker says, "And he lives happy ever after, the end"…
"Awe, that book is good, very good", said Wakena…
"Yes, it's good for a movie", said a young kid…
"Hi Wakena, what book is it", said Agata…
"Just try and buy that book, before it gone, because it is a good one", Wakena says in a happy mood.
Because She know that the 28 season's old wise walker named Seaash Luhiwa, only does it once every stop, and sells food and other items all the time..
"So goodmir Agata", said Wakena…
"Goodmir Wakena", said Agata…
"Hello Agata, what news from your home", said Seaash, as Agata being late is just bad timing, more or less, but he founding is worse than that ever was.
Agata is starting to show the odd item or the spaceprobe, "Let's see now, I think this item is just one of 3 things that happen tocycle", said Agata, "first, the flour mill is shut down and cannot make anymore flour without any good parts"…
"I see, that can kill any village, or any other town or cites", Seaash says.
But it's just started, when Agata says, "That's right, and then the village is near its end now, so I'm going to buy flour here to buy more time"…
"So why this item is here anyway", said Seaash…
Then Agata says, "well, I'm was in route to here when I see black smoke rising to the sky, and the smoke is coming from the impact crater, so I run to it but then".
"What, what that it", said Seaash…
"The odd sound is heard like no one make it", said Agata…
Then Seaash says, "And why that odd-"…
(Old human phone sound from the 20's to 80's)…
But before he finished it, the odd sound show up again and it more likes an old human phone than a dial up routes, "What a Mir fire", said Seaash…
"I not know", said Agata...
"HEY, make it stop, please, just make it stop, she says out loud.
And then, a sound stops when Agata says, "ok, it stop, you happy now".
"I'm happy now, thank you", said Wakena, But then...
"What, Wakena", said Agata…
Then, in shock, she says, "Aah, Agata, Seaash, what is that in the sky".
Just then, a dot shows itself in the sky, and as the dots got bigger and bigger, the dot turns into odd flyer… Then, a Jet sound at 50% power is heard around the shop stop.
But then, the odd flyer past under the shop stop like it is nothing.
"Uh-no, that's one is landing at Caneny village", said Seaash.
"Oh Mir water, sorry Seaash, I got to go home, something bad is coming", said Agata.
Then both Seaash and Wakena say, "Agata?”, "Oh Mir water", Seaash says in shock.
As once the route is clear, Agata leave the shop stop just to arrive home before something bad or worse, can or will happen, but it is too late… But by how many.
Meanwhile, at the Kiitfa home, when she says, "awe, this is good soup"...
For a 34 season's old farmer named Loa Kiitfa, She is just cooking lunch for one, when.
(Boom sound).
"Mmm, what is that sound", said Loa, as she hear something.
A few frames later.
(Boom, Boom sound).
"This sound coming from outside, I've got to check it", she says.
Once she is outside, she starts to check what is doing it.
(Boom sound).
"The sound not at the front", said Loa.
A few frames later...
"Or this side", said Loa.
And then, something odd happens, when Loa says, "what a mi-aaahh"...?
And she fall to the ground by a laser set on stun, and the laser gun is on all of the LR-035, or lee for short, and they, a LR-42, or Towgo for short, and 3 lee's shows up and starts reseeding order.
30 frames after, this Towgo take her back to the ship zone, and then, the lee's reset the guns to kill, and destroy the farmhouse.
the 3 Lee's starts with all 3 light point hitting the front left support beams, then the Lee's destroyed another beams, then the another.
Only once all of the beams are destroyed, the Lee's starts hitting item to burn the house.
But one beam hit a jar of Xline oil and explodes; the explosion destroyed the house and all the items inside.
One Lee is damage by the explosion, losing the laser gun, and it's unable to stay in the zone.
So with this job now done, the Lee's leave the destroyed home with nothing left in it.
But this is only the beginning...
Meanwhile, "Come on Lord Rami, run", said Amy, (Boom sound).
As she and the lord of Caneny village named Rami Mahild is running away from 3 Lee's.
Then, Amy and Rami heard the explosion, "What's that, said Amy.
"I not know Amy", Said Rami…
With the attack still going, Rami says, "that's never good, Amy".
Then Amy says, "Rami, just run-".
(Boom sound), "Aaahh", said Rami.
"Rami", said Amy, as Rami left leg are hit and she cannot walk or run, for a time.
"Rami, Rami get up", Amy says out loud.
"Ah, Amy, ahh, I, I can't move", said Rami.
"Just hold on, help will come, I hope", said Amy.
Amy is able to shield Rami for a few pins, but then...
(Boom Sound), then Rami says, "It soo-"…
but Amy says, "What the-"…
but then, Rami says, "Amy".
(Boom Sound), "Oooh", said Rami.
An AR-007 with a name called Pidlia, arrive just to stun Amy but Rami take the shot and falls to the ground, so Amy says out loud, "RAMI, RAMI, RAMI WAKE UP"...
But Rami are not waking up.
"Oh Mir water, I have no good plans to use, I must go and hope that this will stop", Amy says, But then, two more robot arrive.
"Oh, Mir water, this is for Rami", said Amy.
But, the bow is Rami's, and by now, it's too damaged to fire another.
(Boom Sound), "Aahhh", said Amy out loud as the bow is cut up and one part of it hit Amy left leg with a kilogram of force.
"No, not now", said Amy.
A few frames later, Amy is forced to run away.
"Oh, Mir, please save me, this one is getting too out of any hand", said Amy.
Then a Boom sound is heard as Amy drop Rami bow down to its death, Rami is tows by a Towgo to the odd flyer, but for Amy, she is running to help…
"Lord Rami, I'm, fail you", said Amy.
By now, the flour mill is under attack by 5 Lee's, and 3 AR-007, or Aircom for short, this fight is inside the mill as he says, "no, stop, stop it, right now".
(Boom sound).
"Stop it", said Aki, "you, Mir fire".
(Boom sound).
For a person named Aki Mflomi, he is unable to stop it from destroying the flour mill, so, Aki is using he's bow and arrow to stop him.
But when Pidlia arrives for a robot to base report, the flour mill is just ready to fall.
Then one Lee goes inside to take him down.
"Oh Mir water, it's now or never", said Aki.
So Aki shoot an arrow too near a Lee, and kill it, then, Aki says, "Yes, I'm kills, your gun, your monster-".
But then, or as Pidlia is 40% of the report is sends, a low range explosion happen, and that explosion is inside the flour mill.
One Aircom is hit by the left wing and it's destroyed.
After 18 frames, the Aircom hit the water on a Rollpoint of 1° right, Pithchpoint of 32° down, Yawpoint of 39° left, ICP of Y-T41°, R-T3°, P-T20°, and a true speed of 261KPH.

Chapter 3
But in all of this, Pidlia is still in send mode to an unknown location, but all info just stops when someone says, "What, Pidlia, Pidlia, please resend, Pidlia please resend now, oh nutbag"…
Then someone says, "Mission T-cont, report".
As a person named mission T-cont or Lvyshi "Delia" Lanos says, "well now, Lee, BL02, T07 is killed by the self-bomb getting too hot to stop it by computer point".
"Well, that's two Lee down, so all other Lee must take that killer", said someone that's called the Mini-King.
"Yes sir, but those also kill the killer, and that is also a Soshi, and this explosion destroyed the flour mill", said Lvyshi.
"WHAT, you not net-crashing me, T-Cont", the Mini-King says in a bad mood.
Then Lvyshi says, "I'm in the ball sir, the data is-"
"Updating report", said The CAC Computer…
As Lvyshi says, "Wait, stand by sir.
A Text code arrive from Pidlia when Lvyshi reads, "team BL02 is resented and moving on the mission, but now with lower levels of targetable goods, send order now (end of line)".
Mini-king now see it as a cut out point so he says, "Mission T-cont, report".
"I'm sorry sir, I'm unable to stop this one now, with the flour mill destroyed, the village is also destroyed in the process, order sir", said Lvyshi.
"Alright, tell team BL02 to return home at SB-fenlia, Order P-1", said the Mini-King.
As he goes somewhere else, Lvyshi says, "P-1, Yes sir"...
"Oh, net crash, this mission, is over" said the Mini-King.
"Pidlia, this is mission T-cont Lvyshi with Orders P-1" said Lvyshi.
So as Lvyshi starts recalling the attack.
But will Agata can save Loa in time.
But back at the black skies of space, Capt of the Xicode got a code, which is a recall; this recall is being sent to Pidlia… For Xicode, this is a mission stop order, so the caption tries to call the Mini-King.
But it's too late, as he order is final… Meanwhile, back at Caneny village, in someone house that is destroyed, as Amy, Phoiln, and Sam is trying to stay away from Pidlia and the Lee's.
For a Doctor named Pholin, he is a poor shooter…
"Oh Mir fire, I is out of arrow", Said Pholin.
"One kill, but this is too many", Amy says out loud…
But then, Sam see the fire from the flour mill and in shock says, "no, my Sam".
"What, your mill", said Amy…
As Sam, still in shock, says, "It’s gone, it's destroyed".
Then, in shock, Amy says, "what, but that's not possible".
"Mir fire, it's now possible, and so is the village", said Pholin, (Boom sound)
"Amy, watch you, 6-set", Pholin says…
"Oh, Mir water, this is, bad news at a killer level", said Amy.
Sam and Amy find out that the mill is destroyed and Amy can't go on any more. 
"This is it, give it all that your got", said Amy…
Then Pholin says, "That true, but".
(Boom sound), "Aaahh", said Amy out loud…
"Amy", said Sam.
Only after Amy is hit, all of the robots got the new order, just 45.39cm from the down house, or 1.12cm from being stun.
This order is to leave the battlefield and fall back to the odd flyer for departure…
"The odd things are now leavening", said Pholin…
"Yes, but Amy, she being hit", said Sam.
A pin later, "Mmm, Sam, Pholin" Amy says as she wake up.
"Hey, it you are alright", said Sam.
"Yes, Ooo, but my left hand", said Amy.
"It wills past, my cut healing water is able to heal this cut", Pholin says.
"Well, it's a good call", said Amy.
"Yes, but we must find out, who made it out alive, or, worse", said Sam.
And then, Amy only says, "Ok".
"You got it, Sam", said Pholin.
And Amy, Pholin and Sam now walking to find the people of Caneny village, but it are too late.
Meanwhile, Zoeshi is able to see the odd flyer that is ready to fly, and Zoeshi know that this odd flyer is build by a master race called Cynxin.
For Zoeshi, this is a reshowing of the same attack to one other village that she once calls home.
But then, she walks away because she can do nothing, only after the odd flyer leave the village to die.
46 pins after the attack ended, "what is going on here?” said Agata.
He just arrives home, but it's too late.
"My home... is Gone... But, where Loa", said Agata, "Loa, Loa, Where were you", a frame later...
"Loa... Loa... LOA, it me, AGATA, I'M HERE NOW, LOA, LOA LOA JUST CALL-", before he says it, he see the old pot that got destroyed by the house failing down and fire.
It is his dad sign of love or the wedding gift that shows the family love, but with the pot destroyed, the family is cut away from the land.
In shock of this true, he only says, "out".
For Agata, something bad has happen, and cannot be stop.
After some time, as we found Agata, at he's dad pit stone, sit down, because after 3 more pins, he found nothing but a destroyed home.
But then, Agata said, "Dad, I'm so sorry, Loa... Mom... is... Not here"...
But then, he looks up and says, "But, she is still alive, and she will find my sister, but-".
"Loa, Loa", said Sam, "Mom", said Amy.
And then, the main-mill named Sam Mfitmi and Amy arrives and starts calling, Sam says, "Loa, Loa".
"Mom, Mom... It's me Amy", Amy says out loud…
Then Sam says, "hey Loa, wh- Agata, you alright"...
"Brother, you alive", said Amy…
Then Agata says, "Sister, Sam, how you"...
"I... Brother", said Amy.
But, in shock, Sam says, "Oh Mir water, this house is destroyed, by 300 soldiers, or some.. Big... Soldiers".
"Or 4 unknown guns", Pholin says as he arrive to Agata…
"Pholin", Agata says in shock.
"Yea, I’ am here, and still alive", said Pholin.
Then Amy says, "Brother, where is mom, she cannot go-".
"I hope I know it by now", Agata says with a feeling of lost.
"Well, this is just more bad news tocycle", said Pholin...
Agata is awakening from the shock, he says, "what news"…
"It the flour mill", said Sam.
"It’s destroyed, and now all farm's and s-shop's is call to the level-E meeting", said Amy.
"And it's a new battlefield", said Pholin…
"Well, I'm going, because my family is in it" said Agata.
But in a sad mood, Amy says, "OK, but I have to start looking around for anything usable".
"Amy", Sam only says…
But still sad, Amy says, "Don't stop me Sam, this house is not going to be rebuild".
"I not, but you need to water it down, for Mir sake", said Sam.
Then, still sad, Amy says, "I cannot, not this time, Goodmir Sam".
But Agata in a sad mood says, "Amy, I'm sorry"...
Then Amy, still sad, says, "Me too"…
Then, in a sad mood, Pholin says, "Mir, please save us all".
For Agata and Amy, that the farmhouse is unusable and both of them are now homeless.
But back at the shop stop, Seaash is with Wakena for a meal…
"Well, something not right here", said Cyrip…
"Well, it looks like Agata is done for tocycle, right Seaash", said Wakena.
"It only that is the only way, but the two explosion's come from Caneny village, and so is the odd flyer", said Seaash.
"And that explosions on its own, will become a level-E meeting it something is destroyed", said Cyrip.
"Yes, I know that any lose of high value systems", said Wakena.
"So I’ am staying into Agata return for a talk that is still open", said Seaash.
"But I not like meeting's anyway", said Wakena.
But this meeting is one of the ways that Soshi do anything, and I mean anything, and time is not going to last, as this ways always do.
And back at the now lost village of Caneny, Agata update the call to Amy, he says, "at this point, the village must be cut off, at once".
Then, in shock, Amy says, "but, this means that this village is, now a total lose".
"Yes, and so is the Kiitfa family, but I know someone in the nearby shop stop that we're going, and he know enough to help find a new home, I hope”, said Agata.
Amy have's no option left to counter it, so Amy just says, "a new home is not usable, but, it's your call, your move.
Frames later, a young girl arrive to try to take the food from the house.
But the store is burned down, and Agata see her before any more move can be set.
For her, he is too young to see the big world.
But he sees her as an odd one, and not a good one…
"Hey", said Agata…
"Mmm, what", said a young girl.
I don't know you, but this house is gone, and all is lost, so you begone, now", said Agata…
But the young girl says, "Tch, Farmers".
And then, the young girl leaves without another word.
"What with this person, tching a person", said Agata…
but a few frames later…
He mind says, "but, I got an odd look that I will see her again somecycle, in true, Mir know it".
The next cycle. Tor...9...Roshi...624AM, The Kiitfa's and the villages go to Caneny shop stop just to build a new village with more food to live and things to do.

Chapter 4
A Lap and 11 pins later, Seaash is waiting for Agata to explain any news about the Spaceprobe, but then, Agata says, "hey Delshi, open the gate".
Its Agata arrives with Amy, Sam and the villages.
"Oh, Mir water, Caneny village is coming in", said Delshi.
For Delshi, and Cyrip, the new Caneny village is starting right here.
"Opening the gate, right now", said Delshi.
So once Delshi open gate C, the villages enter the shop stop with any spaces that is not used up, Agata says, "Seaash".
"Agata, what happen out there?” said Seaash.
Then Agata, "well Seaash"...
But before he tells it, Amy says, "I'm in need of food".
"We all need food", said Agata.
"Alright then, let's go to the inn", said Seaash.
For Seaash, he takes Agata and Amy in and goes to the inn for good food in the bad cycles.
By now, Agata, Amy and Seaash is inside the inn, when Seaash says, "Cyrip, I have 3 Oatwheat bread roll, an Oatwheat ale for Agata, a Treehoney and Yu-root ale for this girl".
"The name is Amy Kiitfa", said Amy.
"Alright then, and a Ricewheat ale for me", said Seaash.
"Coming up", said Cyrip, A few frame later.
"Alright, what news for home now", said Seaash.
"Agata, what is odd, with this news", said Amy.
Then Agata says, "Well, why just say nothing, but I will tell you two, everything that happen.
And for 15 pins, he will tell them, what he do know, starting with Agata and Amy dad died, to Seaash part, a seasons ago, to tocycle total loss.
"So, the village is lost, in just one boom, right", said Seaash.
"That’s right", said Agata.
"Those odd flyer can't do this, or the odd flyer used more people that is build for, is it", said Seaash.
"I really don't know, Seaash", said Agata, "but I must try, to find the odd flyer and Loa".
For Amy, one thing is clear, as she says, "what, wait a pin, the odd flyer can go so high than any mountains that Soshi can get, how to find it".
"By founding its landing base, found that base, you found the odd flyer", said Agata.
"Like a shop stop", said Seaash…
"That's right", said Agata.
"Well, count me in, I know a good shop stop or two, and good routes to use", said Seaash.
"But we must rebuild the farm, before it can work out", said Amy.
"No, any farm can't be transportable, and time is not in the store now", said Seaash.
In a last call out, Amy says, "But, But".
But for Amy, she has no other option on this matter.
"Alright, I'm in, but on this small thing", said Amy, "It is that team Agata must use only the time that is needed and no more, clear".
Then both Agata and Seaash say, "clear, just sign it"… And so the new team now called Team Agata, starts packing for the trip of the lifetime.
two laps later, the newer built team Agata is ready to go.
"So, my bag is all set, Seaash", said Agata.
"The gateman just clear us for go, and the shop is in transit mode" said Seaash.
"Well, I’ am ready", said Amy.
"Then, let's go", said Agata.
"Wait, wait", Pholin says as he enters in shock.
"Pholin, Sam", said Agata.
"Your leaving, right", said Sam.
"Yes, it is", said Amy.
"But, your home", said Pholin.
"I cannot rebuild it, Dad will see it as unusable", said Amy.
"And with Loa being taking away, we got no other option that's work without saving her", said Agata.
"Will, your right", said Sam.
"So, is it's done", said Pholin.
So, after the goodmir to Sam and Pholin, team Agata leaves the new Caneny village to find Loa and Rami from the odd things.
But will it be enough.
So on the next cycle, Mir...10...Roshi...624AM, as Agata says, "oh Mir water, what a nap".
Team Agata is sleeping from the long walk to shop stop, before long, Amy says as she is in a dream, "Mom, MOM don't go", said Amy before waking up and say, "MOM".
"Sister", said Agata.
"What", said Amy?
"Morning", said Agata.
"Morning, what's, oh, Mir water", said Amy.
"A bad dream", said Agata.
"A very bad dream", said Amy.
"Well, that's as bad as it gets for you", said Seaash.
For Amy, the loss of the Rami's bow is a sad way to lost Rami, but will she found the good bow, as the walk go on, For Team Agata, this is a long way to Pewfion town.
A Lap after, Team Agata is walking to Pewfion shop stop, when...
"And all of the shop stop have a firepit for walker news, and movie's time", said Seaash.
"Well, this shop stop is good enough to stop by and rest, right", said Amy.
Then Agata says, "And this firepit is good for-".
But Agata word is block, as the spaceprobe is starting to make another sound.
(School bell sound set at fire drill mode).
"This probe is too sounded", said Amy.
"Agata, the probe, said Seaash to Agata.
"Right, opening the backpack", said Agata.
This sound is like a school bell at fire drill, so Team Agata must turn it out.
Meanwhile...
"Mission T-cont Lvyshi, report", said the Opt-Capt.
"Sir, I am able to find the spaceprobe from the last mission", said Lvyshi.
"Location", said the Opt-Capt.
"Near a town called Pewfion, and inside the Aircom ranges, Ozer", said Lvyshi.
As Ozer is the Opi-Cap and he says, "lock that data and write a-".
"Lock failed", said the CAC Computer…
As Lvyshi says in shock, "Wait sir".
As something in a monitors goes black, and Lvyshi says, "Oh, Bot crash my ship, it’s gone sir, the probe is shut down sir".
"Well, this is the one to report, just write a report on this, and the Mini-King will take it, carry on", said Ozer.
"Yes sir", said Lvyshi.
But meanwhile, back at Team Agata.
"Done", said Seaash.
As the spaceprobe is powered down by Seaash removing the battery…
"Well, the sound stop", said Amy.
For Amy, it is over now, "It's off, Mir water", said Agata.
For Seaash, the battery is store for a time that will aid it.
"Let's go, we must reach safe lands at once", said Seaash.
"Right", said Agata.
So, team Agata just walk on, a few pins later.
Meanwhile, in a town called Coolpse Town, Zoeshi is ready to leave for Pewfion town.
But a person tells her that a special walker called Luxin is going to Pewfion town for a Seaash of work.
For Zoeshi, this is a good plan to go.
So Zoeshi takes the info and leave the town.
In the sunseting cycle, Team Agata arrives at Pewfion shop stop.
"Good, we here", said Amy.
"Good food, good ale and good bed's is here too", said Agata.
As this info is in the inn of every shop stop.
"Well then, let's go inside and eat", said Amy.
"Sister, Amy, hold on", said Agata.
But for Seaash, the real work starts once he dock.
Will team Agata find good info, who knows...?
Meanwhile, in the mountains of Lucykai, in the waters of a waterfall.
A person is in swimming gear for some swimming.
Then, a person arrives and says, "Arioke, Arioke"...
Then, the person in the water says, "what is it now Mewsea".
"Arioke, the Mini-King just got some damage bots, from the last mission at a village that is destroyed", said Mewsea.
"This news is not a good one, but how's Cyn-X", said Arioke.
"No battle this Cynweek, but your Dad is calling you to return home", said Arioke.
"Already, will a Sup-Queen time is never free", said Arioke.
For this person, the name is Sup-Queen Arioke Suzlyn.
For Arioke, the world will change.
Then, the next cycle, Mon...11...Roshi...624AM, as the Sun rose on Pewfion shop stop with no cloud to see in the sky…
“So another Cycle, another shop stop", said Zoeshi.
In one shop zone, or so, the first walker see the second walker and says, "Hi, how you're walking".
But the second Walker says, "Not say it"…
Then the first walker says, "Ok, ok"...
He opening its portable shop, and starting to set up, but someone says, "This movie is unusable"…
So Zoeshi says, "What in Mir name"...
And then, one person stands up and says, "But this is Loa movie".
"And my mom used all of her unused time on it", said Agata.
"You one’s is a lost walker", Zoeshi says as she leaves.
And in the firepit, it is Agata Kiitfa, Amy Kiitfa and Seaash Luhiwa, this shop stop have four firepit, 38 shop zone and an inn.
"So, your movie, Agata" said Seaash…
"Well, my movie is still W.I.P, but it’s a good one", said Agata.
For Agata, he can tell stories or movie, but only on old time stories, and only for 4 times per Episode.
For now, he got nothing, as Seaash says, "Well, just make it work before it cannot be done anymore".
"Right, so, the gates is opening now, so can we go to the town", said Agata.
"Pewfion town, oh Mir water, that's not opening for planning right now", said Seaash.
"And the team is in rest set, and I'm going to cook breakfast and check my backpack", said Amy.
"And my shop is always with me by laws and codes", said Seaash, "but you can go, but only you, alone".
"Ok", Agata only say.
And then, he gives him an old map for this town of Pewfion, and starts opening the shop, but as Agata is just starting to go.
"Oh, and Agata", said Seaash…
"Yes Seaash", said Agata.
"Be careful out there, you a big hitpoint", said Seaash, "and a big hitpoint always gets hit".
"I'm will, goodmir Seaash", said Agata.
"Goodmir Agata", said Seaash.
Agata leaves Pewfion shop stop to see Pewfion town, but, something in the sky is about to show it LED lights.

Chapter 5
Meanwhile, Zoeshi is in an inn inside the town.
And once the meal is done Zoeshi tell the bar owner to find out where Luxin is.
Then the bar owner tell her that Luxin will be there.
3 laps later, in Pewfion Town, Agata is inside seeing the town, when, Agata says, "that's Newscard are too costly".
The Newscard reads, The King of Sydberra is called all town and village to warset yourself.
"But, Sydberra city is one rave places alright", said Agata.
But as he turn back to Seaash shop zone.
"Awe, a gun, an odd one, in this odd pit", said Agata.
That odd pit is a junk pit.
"Well, this gun is still usable, and it's my", said Agata.
And as Agata takes the gun, he found ten shot's and ten hits of gunpowder for this gun.
Once he found enough usable junk, he leave the pit to reach Pewfion shop stop.
2 pins later...
"Oh Mir water, nothing", said the young girl named Luxin.
"Un-oh, you", said Agata.
"Well, you again, a small farmer is here", said Luxin in a bad mood.
"Hey, that's not my way, and my name is Agata, you junkrat", said Agata.
Then she says, "Tch, look farmer, the name, is Luxin, and you-"…
But then, Luxin is in shock, as 3 Aircom enter the town's airspace at an unthinkable 183.5 KPH or something, and all 3 of them are searching for Amy.
But in shock, Luxin says, "Aircom, no, how".
"What that's", said Agata.
One of them, finds Agata in the town, and starts the attack on him.
(Boom, Boom sound), "Mir fire, the Aircom cannot find me", said Luxin.
"Well, Caneny village is killed by it", said Agata.
But will Agata and Luxin be next...
This is shoot or be shoot option...
After a few Frames, we with Luxin and Agata being hunted down by 3 Aircom.
For Agata, only uses the gun at hunting game, but he is a good shooter.
"Beam gun ready", said Luxin.
Then Agata say, "WOW"...
The beam gun is that laser gun from the Agata burned house that she found before seeing Agata.
as Luxin says, "This is your end, Aircom".
(Boom sound).
Then, Luxin fire the beam and hit the 3th Aircom by the computer.
it hit the ground just 0.88m from the shop stop road on a Rollpoint of 45° left, Pithchpoint of 0° centre, yawpoint of 2° left, and a true speed of 221KPH...
"Mir fire, it fail already", said Luxin.
(Boom, Boom, Boom sound).
2 pins later, he is in hiding.
"Mir fire, it's over", said Luxin.
"Oh Mir water, I'm doing it", said Agata.
"Doing what", said Luxin.
(Boom sound).
He takes aims on the second Aircom.
"The Pi-xichu", said Luxin.
Then Agata says, "this, is for Loa"...
And fires, and with this shot, it hit the right wing of the second Aircom.
And a frame later, it starts to make the sound of air crash in route.
So the second Aircom starts to roll hard right to fall into the water.
10 frames after the shot hit, it hit the water at the Rollpoint of 22° right, Pitchpoint of 7° down, Yawpoint of 0° centre and true speed of 368 KPH.
Once the second Aircom crash to it death, Agata says, "One, junk in the water, now, what's next".
But then, the first Aircom goes to landing mode, just to take a look at him.
"Oh, Mir, WATER", said Luxin out loud and in shock.
As for Agata, he sees a name on it, but it is on Cynxin Lang that Agata not know any of, but once it drops an odd item to the ground.
The Aircom goes up 5 meters, and leave him before the people can fight it, that's when Agata says, "what the Mir is this?”
he picks up the odd items called the Newspad and see a message or e-mail or text message, then, Agata says, "who builds this, what, a message".
"But, the Aircom not message anyone" said Luxin as Agata looks at the message.
It reads, Unicar Mr.kiitfa, I'm called Air Robot 007-pidlia or Aircom Pidlia or just Pidlia.
This Newspad is builds by my master race called Cynxin, and this item is able to send and receive e-mail and newspod.
But by now, your mom named Loa Kiitfa is a slave and your sister Amy Kiitfa will be next, Cynbye and goodmir from Pidlia to you (end of line), and then Agata says, "oh my, Mir water".
Only then, he runs back to Seaash's shop zone in deep... water.
"Mmm, will, now this is new, even to me", said Luxin.
But in the inn, Zoeshi is waiting for Luxin.
Then Luxin arrives for a job call.
But Zoeshi is able to find out that Luxin is in Caneny Village.
After 20 Pins of talking Luxin is in for a rescue mission.
But someone enters the inn and tells the bad news.
But back at Pewfion Shop Stop, some 36 pins after Agata read's the massage, he return to Seaash shop zone, as Amy says, "brother, you're alright".
"Sister", said Agata.
"Brother, why Mir water you see", said Amy.
Then both of then sit down, and Agata says, "Well I am walking around the town when 3 small but odd flyers attack me".
"Has there flyers damage you", said Amy.
"No, but I kill one, someone kill one, and the other fly away, but not before the other flyer drop an item, too, near, me", said Agata.
"Well, things can't be too bad, right brother", said Amy.
"This item that the other flyers tell me that... Loa is now enslaved by a race calling itself Cynxin, and you will be next", said Agata.
"But that other flyer, have it got a name", said Amy.
"That other flyer call itself Pidlia", said Agata.
"Pidlia, no last name that is bad news for a walker", said Seaash.
Then, both Agata and Amy says, "Seaash, why's-"…
But Seaash says, "No time of that now, everyone got the news, Ouriyork town is under attack and need help fast".
"And team Agata will reply", said Agata.
"Your two must buy weapons for what lies ahead, because things is starting to fail", said Seaash.
But will our heroes reach the town before it is too late.
30 pins later, Amy enter a weapon shop, just outside the Pewfion shop.
"Hello, and welcome to the weapon shop", said the Shop owner.
"Hi, I'm tells that this shop got some bow and arrow", said Amy.
"Well, let's see now", said the Shop owner.
A few pins later...
"We do have one last set in this shop", said the Shop owner.
"Mmm, it old", said Amy.
"Yes, this bow is called the Warow, and it is 22 seasons old", said the Shop owner.
"Well, this one with do", said Amy.
And then, Amy buys this bow and 20 Armour Breaking arrows.
"Thank you", said Amy.
"Thank you and goodmir", said the Shop owner.
"Goodmir", Amy only say.
Then, Amy goes to the firepit.
10 pins later, the team returns to the firepit.
"All set", said Agata.
"The shop is in transit mode", said Seaash.
"And I'm got a new bow", said Amy.
A few frames later...
"We clear to go", said Seaash.
"Alright then, let's go", said Agata.
So team Agata leaves the shop stop.
Meanwhile, 4 laps after team Agata leaves Pewfion shop stop.
The team is resting after, well, Amy says it, "oh, Mir water, we run too long".
"Well now, what's for eats?” said Agata...
"Alright, let see", said Seaash.
A few frames later, he says, "well that's, how's gun fires works"…
But before Agata can work some joke, he see something and says, "what's".
And then, 4 Aircom arrives before the team can eat, but the team can't just run any longer, so they are forced to fight. 
"Well, I done it before", said Agata.
Then, Agata aim the gun to the second Aircom and fire one shot.
And this shot hit the second Aircom hull and go in the flyer brain or the Aircom computer.
But before the team can call it, Seaash, says, "in coming".
All 3 Aircom, goes up, but the second Aircom goes down, and beyond any flyer to help a shot down computer.
And it hit the ground on a Rollpoint of 42° left, Pitchpoint of 12° down, Yawpoint of 49° left, ICP of Y- T10°, R+/-, P-3°, true speed of 131 KPH and all engine in shut down mode, but Amy says, "that, is too nearby"...
That joke is the impact point is 1.62m from team Agata, "That's 3 others to take down", said Amy.
But then, something happen that made Amy to say, "What that sounds".
"That the Newspad calling", said Agata, "the Newspad", "Let me read it", said Amy.
"Agata", said Seaash, "what is a Newspad".
"Well, remember what I say, well, I shot one flyer to it death", said Agata…
"And", said Seaash...
"And one other flyer drop this before leaving", said Agata, "that other, is called Aircom Pidlia"
"What, the Mir water", said Amy.
In the Newspad, it is a massage from Pidlia, Unicar Mr. Kiitfa... I'm Aircom Pidlia and that last E-mail is more high- set than other...
You and your team are now... gone... only force will win... Cynbye and goodmir from Pidlia to you "end of line".
"Well", said Amy, "that's it, it starts now"…
Seaash only says, "Yea."…
So, team Agata now known that Aircom Pidlia is the ace, but it can be stop.
Meanwhile, at the landpads of MT.Lucykai, Arioke is eating a good meal.
With a Towgo called Lucyshi as a food storage walk out of the bushes before falling to the ground.
Arioke is able to help, but in the end, Arioke and Lucyshi tow the person to the treehouse...
Meanwhile back at team Agata base, the team is holding on for a lap and only two Aircom is lefts.
But it's the killpoint, when, Amy says, "Well, I'm firing".
For Amy, she is ready to shoot the arrow and begins shooting, the first arrow, when Amy says, "my arrow hit Pidlia, rearming".
The second arrow hit Pidlia upper hull, but then, Amy says, "no good, it do only small damage".
But then, Pidlia and the other Aircom is making the finish pass, when Agata says, "sister, take the shot".
Amy says, "Right", so, once in range. 
She shot her last arrow and hit the other Aircom left wing, the other Aircom start rolling to the right, as fight control is lost by that hit.
Pidlia rises up and runaway, but the other Aircom go down to the ground and crash at a Rollpoint of 169° left, Pitchpoint of  4° up, Yawpoint of 0° Centre and true speed of 298 KPH.
And after that, Pidlia leave Team Agata for Ouriyork town, for the team, the battle is over, only after, Seaash says, "all clear".
"Alright let's go", said Agata.
"Right", said Amy.
So team Agata leaves the battlefield before more Aircom will find the team.
3 Cycles later, Bee...14...Roshi...624AM, a female walker with a 39cm tail named Rikwn Kiitwa says, "when the gate opening up".
But no one return the call.
Then Team Agata arrives to see the gate too damage to be use.
So Rikwn and team Agata walk around the wall.
10 pins later, they found an open gate and leave.

Chapter 6
30 pins later, as team Agata arrived in Ouriyork shop stop, the town Is 6 pins away from losing the battle.
Then Seaash says, "Why the, odd-".
But Amy says, "Seaash, get down".
A light shot out, but Miss Amy by 5.3cm.
"Help", said an unknown Walker.
"Shooting", said Agata.
Boom sounds is made, and hit the Lee computer, and kill it.
"Kill one", said Agata.
Then Amy shoots down a Aircom with one arrow.
5 pin later...
"Lord, oh Mir water", said Seaash.
"One down, Seaash", said Amy.
"The Lord of Ouriyork town is gone", said Seaash.
Then Amy only says, "NO"...
"Seaash, the people is leavening the town and the people to the nearby towns", said Agata.
"Oh Mir water, well, it is done", said Seaash.
For team Agata, it too late to save the town and there, the battle is lost.
Two Cycle later, Meo...16...Roshi...624AM, Ouriyork people and the team arrive at MT.Lucykai.
"Well, that battle, is a total lose, for Soshi", said Agata.
Then Seaash says, "Yea, and 329 people we just save, is now in this route at no other option"…
"With 4 more Cycle of food left, and too many people to eat it", said Amy.
"Let's hope that hold's", said Seaash.
Meanwhile, in the group, Rikwn will see Zoeshi and a girl, And at the back.
"The people is got to be betting it all", said Luxin.
So the hard part starts.
4 laps later, the dark clouds go over the group.
Then Agata says, "Oh Mir water, the wind-"
But Amy says, "Yes, it's a new one for me".
"This is not wind, it is a snow wind", said Seaash.
"Hey an enter hole", said Agata.
"Well let's go", said Seaash.
"Right", said Agata.
So the group enters the hole.
3 cycles later, Tor...19...Roshi...624AM, the snow wind is done, but the group is now in big lows.
"My, my shop, done", said Seaash.
"I sorry", said Amy.
"It too late for it now", said Agata.
Now down to 44 people, the group is now running low on food, but then...
One people only say, "Ahh".
Ten lees and 4 Aircom attack the group.
"Agata, your right side", said Amy.
"Right", said Agata.
Then Agata kills a Lee and an Aircom.
For 13 pins, Team Agata is able to shoot down 5 Lee's and all of the Aircom's.
But, 24 people are killing, and Team Agata is low of firepower...
Then, Luxin fire the beam gun, and kill 2 Lee's at the computer core.
But her beam gun is done.
So with the bow's, Luxin tell Team Agata to leave.
After 3 pins of words, Team Agata leaves the battlefield for only the team’s lives.
Once the sun sets, the team is in an unknown location, that's not Soshi.
"Mir, save us, please", said Amy.
"Mmm, well, we now beyond, the standard route now, also beyond help, right", said Agata.
"Yes, this is an unused route, but, this is, an odd change", said Seaash.
"Well, that's that, the pit", said Agata.
"Your right, the pits is special", said Amy.
"I cannot stop looking at it", said Seaash.
"Well, I going to find something to eat, need food", said Amy.
"No Amy, but be careful", said Agata.
3 pins later, Amy found some mirberry.
"Awe, yes", said Amy, "Mmmm, Ooo, it's so good".
"Yeah, mirberry is best eating before changing after 10 pins, or it's soup", said Loa.
Then in shock, Amy says, "Mom"...
"It good to see again, Amy", said Loa.
"Mom, it is you in true", said Amy.
"Yes Amy, it's me", said Loa.
Then Amy hopeful about the mission, as she says, "MOM, I miss you so many Mom".
"Me too, to think, that you just find me outside your good zone", said Loa, "But the house, it still good".
Then Amy sadly says, "No, it is gone".
"Well, that most thing, I just know that no one is kill inside", said Loa.
Then Amy says, "Aki never got out of-"
But Loa says, "I understand, but not here".
"Well come on, we must find Agata and Seaash", said Amy.
"Ok" Loa only say.
5 pins later, Loa and Amy are walking put the deadpits then, "Oh Mir water", said Amy…
But then, "Ooo, someone is out there, but not a thing", said Amy.
"It is in a sad mood", said Loa…
Then, Loa and Amy see a girl in a sad mood, as she says, "Mom, the Mini-King, he just cross the line, but why, oh nutbag WHY HE JUST STOP DOING IT".
"What, who is it", said Amy.
"Well, she is, a Cynxin", said Loa.
"Cynxin, the master race, it's Cynxin", said Agata.
"Agata", said Loa.
"Almost but this one is upset, very upset, like something in her life is failing", said Agata.
"It then a memory cut", said Seaash.
"A memory cut, Seaash", said Amy.
"Yes, it is a type of damage that can be made by a person own higher standard failing the person by seeing too many failed", said Seaash, "or an attack damage to you, or to the friends, or someone outside of it”.
But then, Amy only say, "Or"...
"A lose of the ones that is closer to you", said Seaash.
"Well this damage is more inside a person mind and heart alright", said Loa.
"But a memory cut is rare, right", said Amy.
"Not always, it a common one, and lasts season's before it heals", said Seaash.
"But this girl is not memory cut, is it", said Agata.
"Will, This girl is memory cut, her name, is Arioke, and she is a lost one", said Loa.
A few frames later...
"Mom, we can end her before it's too late", said Amy.
"No, she saves my life, now I must save her... Please", say Loa.
"Seaash", said Agata.
"It not too late to help, at most, Loa can change her", said Seaash.
"Alright, your call", said Amy.
A few frames later, "Arioke", said Loa…
But in a sad mood, Arioke says, "Loa, you find me"…
"Yes, I find you alright, so this is your Mom diedpit, right", said Loa"…
"Yes, and since then my world is not good or bad in all thing", said Arioke…
"I lose a friend in an overfill of the village long ago, Agata and Amy never know him after that", said Loa…
"Mom", Amy only says…
"Dad", Agata only say.
"Well it this friend of your, is Agata and Amy dad", said Arioke…
"Yes, it is", said Loa…
"As everyone always end up facing it", said Seaash…
"So, what happen to end up here", said Loa.
"It's Mini-King, he kill a slave seller over a small point for not open at standard", said Arioke.
"Kai, the Lee type", said Loa.
"Yes, and to top it off, all of the slave is now The Mini-Kings sellable papers", said Arioke…
"But for the Cynxin I talk to, says that you run out the Mini-King office very upset, is it true", said Loa.
"Yes, only because of you and Mewsea words", said Arioke…
"Mmm", said Loa…
Then in a sad mood, Arioke says, "Your right in one true Loa, the Mini-King is now in the Old School, and that way, is, now dying".
Then Loa says, "It OK, it OK now".
"But then, still in a sad mood, Arioke says "I so sorry, but I just want to be free, with all of the slave also free from anyone control, but I fall you".
And then, Loa says, "well then, Arioke, be open to new hopes, and just be you, because, it is the only thing that works".
Then, still in a sad mood, Arioke says out loud, "LOA", A few frames later...
"Well, that's the end", said Seaash…
Then Amy says, "Yes, it over"...
"Sup-Queen Arioke Suzlyn is falling from the Old School world", said Mewsea.
So Agata says out loud, "MOM"…
A few frames later, as Arioke says, "What"...
Then, Agata is in the hands of a Cynxin named Mewsea, and two more stop Amy and Seaash from any more moves.
Then Mewsea says, "Your Agata right"…
"Mewsea", said Loa.
Then Arioke says, "The team, is a friend, And Agata, Amy and Seaash will coming with us, as friend"...
But in shock, Mewsea says, "I understand, but"...
Then Agata says, "Your call, but just"...
So team Agata leave with Arioke, Loa, and Mewsea's team.
The next cycle, Mir...20...Roshi...624AM, team Agata wakes up in a treehouse.
"Mmm, oh, Sunup, Loa", said Agata.
"Oh, Sunup, Agata", said Loa.
"So this meal is a good one, right", said Agata.
"That's right, my special", said Loa.
"So, where is Amy and Seaash", said Agata.
"Amy is helping Arioke will the mirberry, while Seaash is starting a new plan", said Loa.
"With everything that happened, he a good person by the info set, and this Zerea pig is a good food to eat and it almost done", said Mewsea.
"Mmm, Amy will be thankful", said Loa.
"Yes she will be", said Agata.
And all of the cooking is done; Agata and Loa leave the cook room.

Chapter 7
A few second later, Agata and Loa enter the opt room, "Meals ready", said Loa…
"Well about time too, the planning is ready started", said Amy.
"And the Mirberry are good to eat" said Arioke…
As she and Amy is already return from the mirberry hunt and Seaash is able to plan the next move with two other Cynxin.
30 pins later, the meal is done, and it's a good one.
"Mmm, this meal is the best in season's", said Amy.
"Well your food Loa and Mewsea is a high class meal that any lord will eat", said Seaash.
"The food we used is stage one types, most of Cynxin food is a Stage 3 type, for a longer store life", said Mewsea.
"And she is a good cook, my Ashchu burgers is better will her hands than the standard cafe system", said Arioke.
"But Loa soup is, like a fresh stage one for a Bot chief", said the 11 Cynxin Years old Bot chief named Ashi Takwn.
"And with this meal, the planning can go ahead, as it must", said the 16 Cynxin years old person named Arika Sathia.
For 3 pins of talking, the plan is starting to see the hip ups...
"So, we must destroyed this base", said Seaash.
“yes, this setup is done, but this base is a SB: 600 unit type", said Ashi.
"Or a Slave base that can hold up to 600 Slave that one time to another", said Mewsea.
"and that's not all, it also have 20 unit builder or slave builder, enough Food and water for 6 Cynmonth, and one ship arrives every 3 Cynday", said Arika… "But, the Non-Standard Army is too big for a small team of 3 to take down", said Ashi.
"12 AR-007 or Aircom's is also in the skies, 60 LR-035 or Lee's is in mission set for enslaving mission and 100 LR-035 or Lee's is in base set for close combat mission and base opts.
"And all for 65 standard Cynxin that goes from one base to another", said Loa.
"Oh, Mir water", said Agata, "Nutbag for the Soshi", said Arioke.
For Team Agata, only Agata, Amy and Seaash can fight… But Arioke is able to enter the battle, Mewsea and Loa both known enough into to go inside, and Ashi and Arika can control the Lee's to buy time.
So team Agata goes building a plan, "So this is my plan to stop it", said Seaash.
The next cycle, Mon...21...Roshi...624AM, at this location called SB-fenlia.
The people are in a good mood, and working hard.
But, one Lee's goes shooting the other Lee's, without any standard orders.
After 6 Lee's is shot down, the kill codes is send to the shooting Lee and stop it here, that is before the mission team going nutbag.
20 pins later, inside the Slave base.
A Sup-Queen of Base-Mawn named Waream is eating her food a young Soshi.
The young Soshi is brainwash to be a happy maid with no past memories.
For Waream, this is the lives of the Sup-Queen.
But then, news of her enslaving team is out of control arriving to stop her standard way of life.
After some talking, Waream says, "Sup-Queen Arioke Suzlyn"...
30 pins later, the Aircom team shot the last Lee but 6 Aircom is still flying and 30 Lee's is still fighting.
But then, 3 Aircom is shot down by Mewsea, Arioke and Amy, and the last ware begins.
After 3 moves, Agata kill 6 Lee's in 3 pins, while Seaash kill 3 Lee's and take down 3 support people but not kills...
Meanwhile, Mewash and Amy kills 5 Aircom's and kills 11 Lee's...
After 3 moves, Agata and Seaash kills 5 Lee's each, and damage the ID-Beam enough to make the base unusable.
In the end, Pidlia will be the last Bot to be shot down, by Arioke.
3 pins later, Amy, Agata, Arioke, Mewsea and Loa go inside the base.
Once in the Mini-King office, Amy sees 6 Soshi that have its will control.
But Mewsea starts to turn off a special unit called the mind-x chip.
Then, Amy see Rami in the Toilet zone, but find her caring a baby.
For Arioke, she is also brainwash to be a good slave, so Rami is already gone.
But Amy takes Rami to Mewsea, just to rebuild her wash out mind with an idea, but to no hope.
After a Lap of words, Rami leave Amy and walk away from Arioke, and end up with the 8 unit builder.
For Amy, Mewsea repairs only made she a unit builder herself, and Amy turn her back on Rami soon after.
Then Amy says, "Mir, I sorry, Rami is brainwash, and fall to Sinchu"...
For Arioke, she known Amy has a friend and takes her in, as she says, "No Rami not in Cynhell"...
"Cynhell", said Amy.
"She now an old school Cynxin, and lose she old life in the brainwashing for the Mini-King program", said Arioke.
And then Amy says, "I wish it that so, but in the end her life is wash away, this is never good to anyone"...
"Your right, the Mini-King always pay the total cost, of this always", said Arioke.
"Amy, Arioke know this Mini-King Slave work, all too well", said Mewsea.
"Laru, he is my dad, and he also an old school Cynxin", said Arioke.
A few frames later.
"Well, Laru must be the bester brainwasher in the unit builder, because he is also going to Sinchu, no way out of it this time", said Amy.
Once the battle is over, Waream and the people in the base are forced to leave Fenlia with 50 slaves that cannot be saved, Rami is with this group as a unit builder herself.
But only 89 slaves is freed and only 12 of them stays with Team Agata.
But after 4 more Laps, the spaceprobe that Agata found, is turn on the self boom sets of 20 Lee's.
A few frames later, a big explosion ended slave base Fenlia and so ends anymore slave from Fenlia.
And as the sun sets, Team Agata and the Cyn-X is inside the treehouse to partying the Mirnight away.
For Amy, this is a new one to no farm can build.
But Agata and Seaash is as home in a party.
With enough Oatwheat ale, Cynbeer, and Mirpig to last the Mirnight.
For the people inside, this is a Mirnight to say the mission is done with the win.
And this is something that the next gen will see it as the turning point.
But for who, the next gen to says.
A cycle later, Lvy...22...Roshi...624AM, the Cyn-x treehouse is in a bad shape after the battle by both age and the Femlia explosion.
For Cyn-X, it is done, but Team Agata soon takes the group in, and with that, Soshi and Cynxin is starting something new.
4 laps later, the group with team Agata leaves the destroyed Fenlia and the treehouse for a ten cycle walk to new Caneny Village.
It will be Lvy...2...Ash...624AM by the time the team arrived.
But for Agata, Amy, and Loa, the team is going, to a new home.
A term later, Lvy...2...Goku...624AM, the new Caneny village is bigger.
The shop stop is still open, but 3 Cynxin shop is just built to help both Cynxin and Soshi.
Loa and Mewsea start a lost kid’s rescue for both Soshi and Cynxin.
Agata is able to build a Land zone for Ashi and Arika.
While Amy starts farming with Sam.
Arioke is a new miller but using Cynxin tech for better flour.
And Seaash tell the story to Wakena and other walkers, as he still goes shop stop to shop stop.
But the Mini-king is soon able to build another base, and start something bigger.
But this is the end... For now.
To Goodmir and Cynbye from me to all reader alike.

Scene 3
After reading The Lord of the Sky, a kid is happy to find a good ways out of it...
Then Seanchu call of commits.
Soulchu tell Seanchu that the work is only a small one, to a Soshi.
Then Lucyrai tell Seanchu that more info about SB-Fenlia is needed.
And Ashley tells Seanchu that this movie is a Work In Process to her.
A very good level class is a not bad movie, but this movie only got a 9 good level class.
So he calls it a cycles…
but at night-time, the walkers is drinking out...
at a walker called Hoade is eating her food…
when a walker is in need of a good movie…
it is a Cynxin with an off road wheeler…
and building new roads takes time, due to overused by walkers…
and this walker needs a good movie to stay working…
so Hoade starts telling a movie…
it is called, the Enterprise school city
Enterprise school City- Prologue
it begins, long ago, in a planet called Fripiece, and the land is full of the race of people called Raikai
as the sun rise at a school enter gate, 3 taxis arrived to drop the people that starting a new life in this school...
but this school however, is a special school all together, like no other school we know...
the first taxi is dropping 2 person, a new shop owner named Yu, and her maid Kitborg...
the second taxi is dropping 3 person, new shop owner named Pimay, and him 2 Maids Rosecat and Virgil, and the last taxi is only drop one person, a 30 years old new shop owner named Tydawn just entering a new life...
for Tydawn, this school is not for failed, as this school is the sizes of a city…
a city like no other citys, and it is called, the enterprise school city…

Enterprise School City
By Lucmew, teacher of Enterprise City School...
based on reports and data by, Tydawn, Lucyshi, the Last Mayor of Enterprise School City, Mavis, and others...
Movie made in 608AM


Chapter 1
8:30am, at the enter door office...
Tydawn enter the office to enter the school.
"oh hello, and welcome", said the Doorman.
"yes, I see 5 other person entering the school right", said Tydawn.
"oh, Ty and Pimay, the owners", said the Doorman.
"yes, that's it", said Tydawn.
"and, you must be Tydawn, the services boy of Comtech", said the Doorman.
"that's right, I’m just arrive to can someone’s shop that ended up in fire", said Tydawn.
"that right Tydawn", said the Doorman.
"so where is the shop, it is in this office, or at walking range from this office", said Tydawn.
"no sadly, the shop is 2 bus stop from here, inside the school grounds", said the main checking person.
"you got to be kidding", said Tydawn.
"no, not Kidding at all, you must take the enter door bus, then you must take the lane 4 bus to the food shop zone", said the main checking person.
"okay, that's a long walk for this office", said Tydawn.
"yes, but we got other ways to get food here", said the main checking person.
"well then, thank you for your help", said Tydawn.
"thank you", said the main checking person.
8.45am, a week before school day, at enter door bus stop.
"so, this is the school city", said Tydawn in a sad look, as he think that the school will be big...
but it is, very big, too big to walk it, about 2.5 Kilometres from enter door to city, a size of 1.5 Kilometres wide and 1 Kilometre long, and 2 Kilometres of green zone.
the green zone is both for protect the school, and give the people a resting zone...
then Tydawn see a girl that have a sign with he name on it.
"oh, hello, and welcome... to enterprise school city, where the best will win out", said the girl.
"hi, mmm, well this is an odd way to greet someone", said Tydawn.
"it is not an everyone thing, but you are a lucky one, as I will be your worker, and your maid", she says.
"maybe, but, the clothes, it is too dirty by rights", said Tydawn.
"oh... yes, I ended up at level 0, so clothing and baths is not open to me", she says...
"well, that says a lots... alright then", said Tydawn, "you are now under my shop, and my care, so your first order, is to take me into my shop", said Tydawn.
"yes, Own. Tydawn, I will do it, or my name will not be Rapchu", she says.
"Rapchu, okay, but thank, just call me Tydawn okay", said Tydawn.
"okay, Tydawn", said Rapchu as the bus arrives.
A city like no other citys, and a minute later, the bus leaves with Tydawn and Rapchu, now in route to the bus port called hub 1.
12 minutes later, Tydawn arrives at bus port with Rapchu.
"so, when the bus will arrives to take me to the food shop", said Tydawn.
"that will be in lane 4 in 4 minutes, it is a standard route to the student", said Rapchu.
“well, that’s good to know”, said Tydawn...
for Rapchu, this bus port is her only one that she knows...
this bus port have 6 bus lanes for almost every zone, and it is called hubs by the bus driver...
so this bus port is called hub 1, and lane 1 goes to Hub 2, then Hub 3, before returning to hub 1.
it is called the hub to hub bus, and never goes beyond the hubs route.
Lane 0 is just the enter door bus, it only run for 2 weeks before getting replace by cars for 46 weeks…
and starts again for the last 2 weeks, before closing the school for the 2 weeks break...
Lane 2 is the high class and shop bus, starting at shop ring 1, then special class ring 1, then high class centre, then special class ring 2, then shop ring 2, and then hut 2...
then reset for a return set before doing it all over again...
Lane 3 is the class bus, starting at Class A stop, then Class B stop, then Class C stop, Class D stop, then Class C stop, Class B stop, then Class A, and then back to hub 1.
Lane 4 is the shop bus, starting at school gear shops zone, then school tool shops zone, then library zone, then the stage zone, and then the food shop zone, and stops at hut 3, then reset for a return set before doing it all over again...
but this lane is Tydawn lane, and the food shops is a 3 minute walk from Class D stop, and an 11 minute walk from Class C stop.
and finally, lane 5 is the office bus, starting at KSX office, then heath office, then Cop and jail office, then the waste unit zone, then the main office that the mayor worth that, then the waste unit zone, then Cop and jail office, then heath office, then KSX office, and then back to hut 1.
all bus are battery power motor, and it is a 2 motor type of 4 Wheel Drive, and all Bus's can take 30 seated and 20 standable people each.
"so, this is lane 4, right", said Tydawn.
"right, Tydawn", said Rapchu.
"okay, it will have to do", said Tydawn.
4 minute later, the bus arrive to take Tydawn and Rapchu to him shop…
10 minute later, at 9.25am Tydawn arrives to he new shop, an old shop that is rebuild after a fire, for Rapchu, she ended up like this because of this shop and one another thing.
Tydawn is able to see the why of them, and after some setting up, and washing up.
Rapchu is able to be him maid, and take her in.
“thank you Tydawn, this is a good way to work”, said Rapchu…
“well, I going to build a tea cafe, so this shop is able to take it”, said Tydawn.
“so, that is something”, said Rapchu.
“yes, and this will be a handful of shops in this high tea chain”, said Tydawn…
“and cooking for you going to work out”, said Rapchu.
“and you will be able to walk around the school”, said Tydawn.
“Ooo, well, sadly, thats not possable”, said Rapchu…
“what, why, why is that”, said Tydawn.
“because-”, said Rapchu before someone says, “own. Tydawn” a message is here”.
"oh, who that be", said Tydawn.
"Own. Tydawn, you and all other shop owner and teacher must go to the Mayor office, at once", said a young mailer.
“well the Mayor is fast to call”, said Rapchu…
“yes, it is, well, it is time to learn about this level 0, and this school", said Tydawn, as he leaves for something big...
11.59am, a week before school day, at mayor office.
"well, Own. Tydawn, welcome to enterprise school city, I can says that your cargo shows up, to set you in and your storage house key is here for you", said the mayor.
"why thanks, it is, an odd way a show some care", said Tydawn.
"so since your here, try some high class specials from Own. Maredge, it is to set you life, on fire", said the mayor.
“well this looks very high tea, but sadly, I need to know more about the school rule and standards", said Tydawn.
"fair enough, but you will wait into everyone’s here okay", said the mayor.
"okay Mayor", said Tydawn.
then a female says, "well, a new owner got bills to pay".
she is the Kids Stock eXchange main loan caption, Mavis Railcom, or loan master to Enterprise School City…
“Mavis”, said the Mayor...
"well that’s not right, I just arrive here", said Tydawn.
"well then, this will be fun, it is a joke by the students, try’s to rememberer that", said Mavis.
then 2 more new owner show up to call the mayor an over call.
after enough time, all of the teachers and owners are here for an info call.
"hello people, and welcome to another year of enterprise school city", said the mayor, and as the old timer know, that the students from Level 1-5 in the age 11 to 24 will be returning after a 2 week home run.
"and new students will come to take the level one", said the mayor," so in total, about 20'000 Teachers and 5000 owner will take care around about 650'000 students".
"or 22'000 teachers to 744'000 Students,", Mavis reply, "or 33.818181 to 1, or just 11'000 teachers in standard class's".
"and 20'000 from last year are level 0, about 90'000 of them are level 1, and 67'500 of them are first year student, right" said the Level 5 teacher named Koro, who just arrived.
"oh boy, he have the add Level 0 Koro, this is getting too old", said Mavis.
"yes I see it, okay then, for new people, here's the system", said the mayor as I will now tell you about it.
For Tydawn, it starts with this...
in this school, the level system goes from 1 to 5, but all students past level 5, is ready for the hard life ahead of them, so returning students will be ready for a heavy work load.
but first years student starts at level 1, and the only way to get up to the next level, is to get Grade Points or GP for short, but bad behaviours can only tolerated only 3 time per student, so a student in higher level just do this 4th time, in light cases, will lose a level.
but Rapchu is once a level 3 student, so the fire must be an in-tolerated type, and that is so true, because in-tolerated act like this, will put anyone that do it, to level 0, no but, no bull...
and level 1 students that do a bad behaviours the 4th time, will be at level 0 without any saying about it.
Level 0 is a school city to school city level, that can be called by other names, and don’t have the same standards...
this school Level 0 can only level up, after getting 30 GP, but only at the waste unit that the point can be giving.
and any bad behaviours and damage, will be cast off as outcast, for a level 0 student, it is over, as all right from before will begone, but as Tydawn starts to tell the mayor after all of the system, "but what about this maid for new owner".
"ah... oh, yes, right, the special job", said Mavis, "so that is a special... Chain, as we says".
"any female student at level 0 that enter it", said Mavis, "will be chain to the owner by buying the maid at 20'000 CP, or Cash Point in this school, or giving away as a welcome card".
"and any maid that do not obey, so that school only codes sadly", said the Mayor, "but Maid will walk around the work ground, no turnarounds about it, do I make myself clear".
"yes, Mayor, I just have to stays heath up", said Tydawn.
“right then, to all of you, we got some money failed this year, and the bus serves will be slower and less often, so I want all of you to work hard, and play soft, as all trips will not be used this year”, said the Mayor, “right, as everyone is up to done, that is all, and good luck”…
so the owner leaves the Mayor office, and Tydawn returns to he’s shop…

Chapter 2
3:15pm, a week before school day, Tydawn shop.
some time later...
"and any maid that unable to obey, is brainwashed to be a housewife to the owner", said Rapchu, “and will forever be... the no one".
"so can a maid become the housewife without brainwashing", said Tydawn.
"no, only a maid wife is able to come from it", said Rapchu, "and the school ground is not for maid to walking around".
"well then, we may need something special for this, I going out", said Tydawn.
An hour later, Tydawn returns, with clothes...
"what is this, clothes, for me", said Rapchu.
but then, Rapchu see the paperwork, to find her name change to Lucyshi.
"no way, you", said Rapchu.
"yes, the paperwork is a brainwash order from anyone", said Tydawn, "I just change the paper to say your brainwashing is done".
a few second later...
"Mewrap, he...I see", said Rapchu, "and I’m be your for life, right".
“yes, the paparwork is not able to be any less then...”, said Tydawn…
“Mewrap”, said Rapchu...
"look, I’m on the same boat as you are, but I can protect you in this house, and be you husband, for as long as we stay together, please", said Tydawn.
"well, okay call my Lucyshi, I will help you, and your shop, but a kid is not going to happen, can I take it as your word", said Lucyshi now forced to cast her name out.
"yes a kid is not in my card anyway, but I understand it, very cleared", said Tydawn...
for 5 days, Tydawn and Lucyshi is able to rebuild the shop to be called Lucy high tea café, and Tydawn house is in top of the café...
Lucyshi cook new items to be serve at the café...
and Tydawn set the work runs...
a worker get 15 CP per day, just 3 hours of work at a top point, and 3 GP for a high workload, and 1 GP for a low workload, but soon, the school will open, and will be a test of who will survive...
7:00pm, a day before school day, Tydawn storage house.
Tydawn got the stocks for 7 days of food café.
"well, it is ready to go now", said Lucyshi...
"yea, and the fresh set is ready for tomorrow", said Tydawn.
for a full day, the café can seat 4- 2 person table, 5- 4 person tables, and 7 single person at the count...
Lucy high tea café only open 10:25am, closes at 11:35pm to take a break and restart the café, then open again at 2:25pm, then closes at 3:35pm for one more restart, then open once more at 5:25pm, and end the day at 7:35pm.
at the lowest set is 2 seat, a 2 person table, and a 4 person table per hour, and he Maximum is set for a full house per hour…
but I, the writer, can tell you that the serve bar, or serve time for school café are 4 minute, but Tydawn is more able to serve a single seat, to 2 person tables, to 1 minute, and 5 minute for the 4 person...
and speed setting is, 10 minute set for single seat, 20 minute for the 2 person table, and 40 minute for the 4 person table...
so that's 15 singles, 6 two person tables, and a 4 person table, per hour with a small time lag added in, or  about51 serving set each of black tea, earl grey tea, mint tea, and strawberry tea, 712 scones with 198 serving of cream and strawberry jar...
124 serving of 2 plain mini-pies, and 114 serving of 3 steak mini-pies.
and for 174 serving of finger sandwiches, only 122 of them, is standard 2 full one's per serving...
and 52 of them, is for the 4 person table, EVERY SINGLE DAY...
but Tydawn day will not goes to plan...
6:00am, school day, Week 1 Day 1, Tydawn café.
(Beeping clock sound)...
"oh, stop it", said Tydawn.
(Beeping clock sound stop)...
"what, the time is 6am", Tydawn says up loud.
55 minutes later, someone enter the café...
"good morning, new owner", said the food shop owner Maxlee, and it is a female.
"oh, good morning to you too, so you want a drink", said Tydawn.
"no thank you,  I just called in, to got all owner to the grand hall", said Maxlee.
"what, but why", said Tydawn.
for Tydawn will see the true, and it will shock the new owner's...
9:00am, Week 1 Day 1, grand hall, 2 minute walk from Class D and 20 minute walk from Hut 2, and 24 minute from the sport ground.
Tydawn is in total shock as 744'000 students is sitting for an opening meeting...
"hello students, and welcome to enterprise school city", said the mayor...
"for the 90'000 new students, welcome to your new life as enterprise school students", said the mayor, "and for the 654'000 returning students, welcome back to a new school year".
"now, as you know that this year is going to be a hard year", said the mayor, "as you know by now, that the cost of schooling here is starting to goes up".
"and school village is starting to grow more open", said the mayor, "so we, will show him all, that enterprise school city is the best school city in the land"...
after 5 minute of standard talking, the mayor then says, "now, today is the your first day of the school year, and it is also the first of of 7 day of the walk around the school grounds, the city as we know it, and testing to set the standard"...
Meanwhile, in the big group, is a 16 year old Level 2 student named Gingka.
for Gingka, this is a standard start for this school.
"hey, is this mayor not send the students back home", said the 10 year old level 1 student named Bulma.
"what, you never know it", said Gingka.
"I just like my house, and I like to go home by the end of the day, it is posslbie", said Bulma.
a few seconds later, "sorry student, but once you enter the school city, you cannot leave the school city, you can only leave the school for your 2 week break, no but’s", said Gingka...
"wha... WHAT YO-", Bulma try's to says before...
"OR-DER, please, this is important", said the mayor…
“yes mayor”, said every students...
for Bulma, this is not is best time as all, it is her family hand works to forces her to grow up, but she want to be in the prep schools, so her life is not change, she is like some of the first year students, forced to take the big step into the big world.
10:35am, Week 1 Day 1, Sport Ground, about 2 minute bus run from hub 2, and 24 minute from the grand hall.
Gingka is eating him morning tea that he family made...
then, he see Tydawn in an odd mood, Tydawn is in need to start work at once, but Mavis says to him, "sorry, no can do, all owner can only open at 5:25pm, so you better be waiting for it, sadly"...
for Gingka, Tydawn is too new to this school city, and Gingha is wise enough to tell the new owners, from the old owners, and most student love the old owner that run the shop that Tydawn shop is now.
but the few students will try him café to size it up.
Meanwhile, Bulma is trying to find someone that got a portable DVD player...
but only the classrooms got DVD player, and it is for teaching Use’s only...
and all students that survive the first year, will not take the risk of losing him or her chance to live, so Bulma is not able to find someone with even one DVD...
for the teachers, Bulma is the odd one out...
Bulma is now in the teachers eyes, for being herself...
1:00pm, Week 1 Day 1, Classroom (all classrooms by level rate)
NOTE TO ALL, or 4th wall failed for the reader...
the numbers of student by level is...
level 1 at 90'000 students, level 2 at 153'402 students, level 3 at 309'422 students, level 4 at 162'224 students, level 5 at 28'952 students, and all students will be in this city for 50 weeks per year.
so level 1-3 goes to hub 1, Lane 3, and level 4-5 goes to hub 1, Lane 2, or 34'552 standard classroom to 552'824 students, or 3'824 high level classroom to 191'176 high level students...
so just the standard class is at, 10'000 Class D rooms, 9'500 class C rooms, 9'500 class B rooms, and 5'522 class A rooms...
so, to start, we in D-9'088...
"hello students, my name is Angie, and I'm be your teacher", said Angie.
"and for the next 6 days, your will be tested to reset your log after the 2 week break", said Angie, "and all student must take the test for any extra work that is most needed".
"and to start it, tomorrow will be the sport class wake up call for the start of your school", said Angie.
but then, at the same time, in C-595...
"then, for the 5 days that is still open, you will be tested in language, Math, science, and other", said the old teacher named Maxie, "and your level will be in play, people".
but then, at the same time, in B-1'000...
"so, to the students that pass the test, will get better prize's, but harder test", said a young teacher named John, "and all student that enter the test will set the standard to all school city".
then finally, at the same time, in A-250...
"so any students that failed to show up, will be remove from class, to D-10'000 so the test will be taking", said an old teacher named Rowan, "and any students failed the 4 tests by 19% of less per tests, will end up in level 0 by the end of the week, period"...
"and no students will be stopping the order, so your best must be at your best with me, or else", said Rowan.
for the students that heard it, it is a start gun firing…
2:30pm, Week 1 day 1, Sport ground, class: Job test...
Tydawn is in need to start him shop so badly, but this is the most important time for the owners, and Tydawn must hired 4 people to work, and it is an important one to do...
house is built on top of shops, and school class's.
for the shop's, 2 levels of house is build with the shop at the first level.
for the classrooms, about 5000 house can be build at the minimum.
the enterprise school city got, 84'000 standard houses that takes 6 student, or 10 CP per week...
16'700 teacher houses that takes 3 teachers, 150'000 crew and owner houses, and 300'000 first class houses that take a student, or 30 CP per week...
so as most shop give 7 CP per work day, 3 days a week, will total at 21 CP, so 11 CP is enough for 4 days of class's.
that is how the school city system works at the end of it, the student must work to live...
but then Gingka arrive to find a job.
"hello student, and how can I help you", said Tydawn...
"yes, I'm looking for a job", said Gingka.
"right then, you are Gingka, right", said Tydawn.
"yes level 2 is my grade, and lives here for 6 years, owner", said Gingka.
"6 years, now that is something", said Tydawn.
after 58 minutes of talking, "you got the job, Gingka", said Tydawn.
"well thank you owner, I'm will do my bests", said Gingka.
"I know all student will", said Tydawn...
5:35pm, Week 1 Day 1, Tydawn shop.
Tydawn is able to work after a full look at the school city...
and two students is able to work without a failed...
Gingha is doing to ordering of tea and food...
and a level 3 student named Nae is in the cook zone with Lucyshi to make enough food to stay the students coming...
for the level 1-3 students, this is a new world opening up...
but Bulma arrives to eat some pie.
only to find the pies being too small to do it...
but before leaving, Bulma trys to tell Tydawn about the DVD's ban.
but a student Ace stop Bulma from saying it, but tell her to obey the ban, or else...
Tydawn is forced to stop the fight to be, and tell the student Ace to back off, or the Ace will be ban's from entering her shop...
the Ace leaves Tydawn shop after he say it, and Bumla is forced to find someone else and leaves...
for Tydawn, Bulma end up here again some day...
the day ends, and the students is still here…
10:40am, week 1 Day 2, Lucy high tea café.
the next day, Tydawn is able to start work at the café as a full time day.
"so, how is your tea", said Tydawn.
"It is good, but your main list is in", said the student...
"well, it is simply, it's works the way it is", said Tydawn, "and food is not a thing to change"...
"yes but, yes must got a breakfast set to eat", said the student.
"it is a good point, but it's for the mayor to talk about it", said Tydawn.
for Tydawn, he will make him plan works...
meanwhile, Bulma is in the Library, just to find any DVD's.
but in the time, the library will not able it, at all...
and Bulma is able to see that the crew people take's the ban, as a high level rise call.
so after 30 minutes, Bulma leaves with 3 books, but no DVD's...
but she will found a way to get the DVD's...
11:30pm, week 1 day 2, school ground, Class: Baseline language test.
"oh not again, this baseline test is too many", said Gingha.
as the test starts to find the low score person...
Gingka is not able to keep up with the other students, and he starts to just get 21% right as he's cut off.
but all students must pull put with higher score...
meanwhile, Tydawn is able to reset for the next run.
then, someone named Soycard show up to tell him that he's family order Tydawn to return home, to work in the computer shop, without fail...
but Tydawn is not going to do it, because the family shop is too standard to him, and the family bad history to add salt to the cut...
so Tydawn tells Soycard that the family shop is not for him, and tell Soycard to leave.
Soycard leaves Tydawn café without any more words, and he's day goes on without another call.
after 4 days of testing, all but 3 student survives the test...
Tydawn is able to run him shop with Lucyshi inside the cook zone.
Gingka got 13 GP to be added with the other 540 GP he got.
he's higher is level 2, but he is once level 0 for 382 days, or 54 week and 4 days...
Nae got 13 GP to be added to the holding, but the hard work will soon begins...
Chapter 3
6:30pm, week 2 day 1, Tydawn café.
on this day, it is the first full day that the level time sheet goes online, but Gingka is already in big water.
"Hi Gingka", said Tydawn...
"Tydawn, Lucyshi", said Gingka...
"well, you are sees some hell with Rowan today", said Luyshi.
"well you can, say that", said Gingka, "he kick 3 student to level 0, and I'm next to fails, as he is, my teacher"...
"Rowan, well that person is not a good teacher, right", said Tydawn...
"Rowan is an odd one, you can say that one student got kick to level 0 by Rowan, as he standard needs is too high", said Lucyshi...
"what, Rapchu, but-", said Gingka before Tydawn stop him...
"please, just keep it to yourself, OK", said Tydawn.
"OK", said Gingka, "but Rowan is still a bad teacher"...
and so Tydawn, Lucyshi and Gingka finish the days work.
NOTE TO ALL: Gingka's teacher is a foe to the low level students, but Rowan standard can be tells, as he is a hard one to call for...
Rowan is a bad teacher, but for an odd thing in the students...
he ages is he power, and he wants the bests students, so he minimum score set is 90%...
yes, 90%, or 9 of 10 right quiz set, and he weekly home work is 30 level 5 quiz...
well, Gingka know that 53 students that fails 20 time, is move to level 0 without a callback...
48 students forced to clean 10 classroom after failing to stop a fails plan...
and the mayor tell Rowan to cut the number of Quiz from 100 level 5's to 30 level 3's, only to end up doing 30 level 5's quiz...
he is a teacher that will do the most sad things to get the highest scores, and he sees the other teachers as he foes...
plain and simply... maybe too simply in the end...
so the next day, Gingka is in Rowan classroom, classroom A-250, to do a test...
this test is Maths at level 5...
this is a quiz for you...
the school teach 744'000 students, and 20'000 teacher is hired to teachers.
so how many student can the teacher need to take, how many student that you can see the teacher take...
and pay $150'000 per year, per teacher, how many will the student pay for...

quiz here
744'000 divide 22'000 divide $150'000 equal __________.

__________(your Answer) divide $150'000 equal__________.

tough one, it is...
the answers, or right call or this school system...
is $0.000225 per student or just to change one thing, is $4435.48387 per student...
this answer will test anyone without a calculator...
and Rowan ban the calculator as a high level 5 to Rowan...
so it begins, and for an hour and 45 minutes, the test starts to break the students world...
some leave the class breaking down from the test...
while some just keep going to stop Rowan mad mood...
but in the end only 18 student walk out of the room once the test is over...
while the 17 students got high 95%...
but Gingka got 91% scores, and survive to see the next class...
5 minutes later...
Rowan is talking to a young female about her scores...
to tell you the truth, Rowan sees her as too many a good students to the other teachers...
but he breaks females for a ride...
and her score is 88% at level 4, and she is a level 2...
so this talk is just standard reporting, well, was...
because she tell him that he is a total son of a bitch...
and... well... boom goes the bomb, and she is injected with a baby maker drug...
and she is a break down female at the end, with a baby in her body...
to Rowan, she is a bitch just attacking him, with the bad words.
But what is next, will end Rowan teaching...
2:40pm, week 2 day 2, Lucy high tea café.
We are now at Lucy high tea café, and at this hour, Tydawn is serving tea to a level 3 student from Rowan class...
"bad day, is it", said Tydawn.
"yeah, and the teacher is getting too old for him own good", he says...
"well, things will work out, Mr-", said Tydawn.
"Kenny, level 2, second year", said Kenny…
“well that is something”, said Lucyshi...
but something happens that Tydawn will never going to let it happen…
"Iris, your", said Kenny...
"Kenny, Gin-gka", said Iris before hitting the ground...
"Iris, she in a bad shape", said Gingka.
"please, call the doctor", said Kenny.
"it is too late now Gingka, she is, level 0", said Lucyshi...
"so let's try to help her out Tydawn", said Gingka…
“OK”, said Tydawn.
so Tydawn close the shop to help Iris out...
15 minutes later, Tydawn is able to get Iris to wake up.
"here", said Tydawn...
"thank you", said Iris.
"so, what happen", said Gingka...
this word, will change everything, as Iris is... well...rape... yes people, rape by Rowan over both the 2% below Rowan pass set, and Iris calls Rowan something that finally snap…
but this rape is more damage than normal, as Rowan used a baby maker drug on her, and she now caring a baby inside of her, so once it is done...
"what, but the drug is ban by all school city for 10 years now", said Lucyshi...
"and just now, Iris is under the drugs power", said Kenny…
“and Iris will have a baby, and that will end her school life”, said Gingka...
"well that, what’s done is done now, I going to take her in My shop", said Tydawn.
"I seconded your call", said Lucyshi...
"ohh, fair enough, her family will not take her before entering school anyway", said Kenny...
"no, I will not take Iris", said Gingka.
"Gingka", said Lucyshi.
"this will be stop, and I going to stop this madness, once and for all", said Gingka in a bad mood...
for Gingka, this is no longer about the test, this is too far, even for a teacher...
"Tydawn, let me talk to Rowan, and put this to bed, right now", said Gingka still in a bad mood...
"no, I will talk to Rowan myself, you go to the mayor and talk to him about this", said Tydawn.
"what, but Tydawn", said Gingka, in shock...
"Don't worry Gingka, I will handy this", said Tydawn...
"you better be right Tydawn, because Rowan is not a person to talk thing out, wait, why did I stop myself", said Gingka just knew something that he will never do, and Lucyshi is able to know this mood...
so, Tydawn is forced to take Iris in, and forced to see Rowan, and to stop him from destroying more student...
3:40pm, week 2 day 2, Rowan classroom, classroom A-250.
Rowan is doing study hall for Science time...
Science is he failed class, he never get good grades by him standards, about 24% per student, so he stop doing Science, and do the study hall in it's place, but Tydawn enter the classroom to talk about the teaching standards, and Iris poor care that Rowan have give...
then Rowan calls Tydawn, the fool, but Tydawn soon tell Rowan that this call will not be shut down...
and Rowan sooner or later, will have to talk to the mayor that will end he teaching job, so Rowan call the teacher quiz at Tydawn, just to close the talk about Iris and him standards, but to everyone shock, Tydawn takes the teacher quiz, as the only way to stop Rowan...
Rowan is as shock as everyone else, but he soon see that this is one Quiz he can win...
so Rowan says, "OK then, the quiz will starts at week 2 day 4, and the start time will be 10:00am, and the quiz will be 10 level 5 quiz, and the loser will stop the other teachers standards".
"but the winner will also have the rights to return to the standards from before", said Tydawn.
"well you must be talking my ways, OK it is set in", said Rowan...
so Tydawn and Rowan starts training for the teacher quiz...
meanwhile Gingka manage to tell the mayor about this, and the mayor set the quiz as Rowan last chance...
one day later, Tydawn is training with some teachers with Rowan bad calls.
meanwhile, Lucyshi is able to keep the café open to the students…
“2 scones set, and 2 serving of mint tea at table 4”, said Nae…
“coming”, said Lucyshi...
but Gingka is unable to work while Tydawn is preping up for the teacher quiz…
“Gingka, not worry, Tydawn will be alright”, said Lucyshi…
it is not Tydawn that I worry about”, said Gingka...
meanwhile, Iris is at Tydawn storage house to cook a test set for lunch…
for Iris, she is now kick out of the school city, because of her baby…
but her family will not take her, or her baby in…
so Iris is forced to live with Tydawn, and Lucyshi…
by lunch time, Iris is able to make it…
Tydawn is able to see her cooking at a good enough levels to enter his workplace as a main-cook second team…
Lucyshi is able to say yes to Iris entering the job, and training her will be made, once the teacher quiz ends...
but the Ret is called up by the mayor, to keep the school city safe from Rowan...
but then, the Ace arrive to stop the teacher quiz, because a friend is in it...
the mayor knew it, but it is too late to stop it now, because Rowan use the teacher quiz too many to stop everyone from himself, and this, is now too far upon to stop now, the Rowan crash of enterprise school city, is on…
Chapter 4
10:00am, week 2 day 4, sport grounds, teacher quiz ground...
after a full day of training, Tydawn enter the teacher quiz ground, with a point to clear...
"well, this will be an easy win to me today", said Rowan...
"well that, remains to be sees", said Tydawn...
"well, this will be an odd quiz to everyone, hi, my name is Cody, and I'm going to be your Ret for today", said Cody...
"what, Cody, you-", said Rowan.
before Cody says, "Hey, Rowan, the mayor call me for this quiz, and he will not take anymore notes"...
"well, I'm take it as is", said Tydawn...
"good, it is set, now the rules", said Cody...
NOTE TO ALL: the rules of the teacher quiz is a simply set-up...
1: the number of quiz is set at 10 as standard, but can be change by the player that call it...
2: the teacher must answer the quiz, by the students, and the Rets can only review the answers...
3: all right answer total one points...
4: all battles can lasts from 10 minutes, to 40 minutes...
and 5: the winner is the teacher with highest scores, with a maximum of 10 points in play...
so once the rules are tells, Tydawn is able to see the rules as a good enough level...
"so, the quiz is level 5 time 10 points in play, the time limit is 30 minute, and 3 Quiz-Rets will check your calls and turns", said Cody.
"but", Rowan only say...
"well it’s good enough for me", said Tydawn...
"good, and with that, the Quiz will starts now, places player", said Cody.
30 seconds later, Tydawn and Rowan is in place for the start of the teacher quiz...
"everyone countdown with me... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... ready, go", said Cody...
and the teacher Quiz is on, but seconds later...
"man, why sports is, more in the track but not the Quiz", said Tydawn.
NOTE TO ALL: the track is like mountain hulling and running jump...
18 minutes later, Tydawn is at the 7th student...
for Tydawn, Rowan able to reach the 9th student by now, and he falling behind, so the 7 student who is ace's friend tell him the quiz...
But then something happen that shock everyone... Rowan drop... a big music player… a 15 kilo one... that going to the ace's friend...
if the music player hit her... she will die.. but Tydawn is able to save the ace's friend, by moving her away from the big music player falling down, then, the big music player destroyed it self, and she quit soon after that...
the quiz is now too damage to continued, but Tydawn will not stop after this one near killing move, so Tydawn continued the quiz, without the 7th student.
8 minutes later, Tydawn is at the 9th students, and this Quiz is for Tydawn...
you save $10.00 ever week, in a bank this a 10% interest rate every month, for 8 months, but the bank cut interest rate by 6%, so how many money left after 12 months of 4% interest rate, without a calculator...

quiz here
$40 divide 10 add 40, multiply 8 equal __________ (Answer 1)...

Answer 1 divide 100 multiply 4, add 40 multiply 12, add Answer 1 equal __________

for a minute, Tydawn is unable to think up an answer, then, Tydawn find the answer...
"$1000 and 96 cents", said Tydawn.
"set", said the 9th student.
"ok", said Tydawn as he keep going...
but with 45 seconds left, Tydawn is now fighting the clock, just to win the teacher quiz, but Tydawn is unable to reach the 10th student, in time…
“the time is almost up, so please, count with me”, said Cody…
“please, I need more time”, said Tydawn...
"5... 4... 3... 2... 1", said Cody, before the bell sound off...
"and times out", said Cody...
"now the Quiz-Rets will check the teachers answers", said Cody...
4 minute later...
"and the final right answers is", said Cody...
"Tydawn, 8 points", said Cody, " Rowan, 10 points"...
the students is shock that Rowan will win this, but the Quiz-Rets is able to see Tydawn saving a student from death, so the Quiz-Rets made the call...
"the winner can now be call, as the quiz’s is done", said Cody, "and, the winner, is Tydawn"...
for the answer that Tydawn says, it is, the right answer...
it is $1000.96 in the quiz, but with banking, if your add $40 every month over 20 months, and each time it chanced it final interest pay month to month...
then your answer will be $1'345.91...
if your answer is $1'345.91, instead of $1000.96, your not wrong, but that is the standard way for banking today, and if you use the calculator, your become the today’s way of doing maths, outside of your standard school...
for Tydawn, this is a big call, and a close lost, one Tydawn will not repeat it...
but Rowan is mad just by this call, so Rowan calls for a recount....
one Quiz-Ret tell Rowan that Tydawn win it by caring about the students life...
to be clear, Tydawn risk him life to save a student who is only doing her part, and she is not the one to lost her way like this, so Tydawn wins by the mayors plan, but Rowan will not able to see this call, so he the Quiz-Ret fools...
the people that seen the Teacher Quiz is shock by the call that Rowan sent to the Quiz-Ret...
"now look here Rowan, your going too far with this call", said Cody...
"well this is the way to bomb, Rowan, I call this Quiz, a failed", said the ace...
"Lonmew, you always shut me down", said Rowan…
“Lonmew”, said Tydawn…
“the mayor will see you now, both of you”, said Lonmew...
so Tydawn and Rowan goes to the mayor office with the ace named Lonmew…
1:30pm, week 2 day 4, the mayor office.
2 hours after arriving at the mayor office...
the Mayor is not happy about Rowan poor play in this mess...
"Rowan, this is going too far with this", said the Mayor.
"but Mayor, this is my standards, and no one can change it", said Rowan.
"but your students need more than this bad calls that you used", said Tydawn...
"well, you can just, shut up", said Rowan.
"Rowan, I fear Tydawn is in the camp that you cross a line, the line that no one can cross without losing him or her job, said The Mayor, "because you lose the rights to call yourself, teacher, so I with Tydawn this time"...
"but Mayor, this is not the time for sides, and the Mayor job-", said Rowan, before The Mayor stop him and says, "is to keep the school running, and out of danger, and this is one of them".
"but Mayor, it is not a school running", said Rowan, "and this is-"...
"enough, this will stop now", said The Mayor.
"Mayor, it is your call, sir", said Lonmew.
"Rowan, your fired", said the mayor.
" fired, but why", said Rowan.
"why, you know why", said the mayor...
"but I better than-", said Rowan, before the mayor stop him and says, "Cops, take Rowan out, at once"...
"yes sir", said the cop...
"but Mayor, you will lose your job", said Rowan...
"may-be, but you are just too many of a drag now", said Lonmew.
"you failed your job, Mayor", said Rowan, before walking away from him job...
"Tydawn, I’m so sorry, that you got yourself into this mess", said the Mayor...
"well, this must never happen again, Mayor, or more people will stop it", said Tydawn...
for Tydawn, this is the end of the Rowan crash...
9:30pm, Week 2 Day 4, Tydawn home.
Tydawn is able to end the day, after the Rowan crash of enterprise school city...
"man, Rowan is too many for a mess to clean up", said Tydawn...
"and with Iris living here now, the workload will be bigger than I planed", said Tydawn.
for Lucyshi, this is a big thing to be made...
"Tydawn, Rowan is a teacher that takes him standards to the maximum, but this crash will be sees as a sad and important point of this school city history’s, and the school will live on, for as long as students goes to this school city", said Lucyshi...
" maybe, but time will be needed now, to see it though, so goodnight Lucyshi", said Tydawn...
"goodnight, Tydawn", said Lucyshi...
so Tydawn goes to bed for a tough day that he have...
11:00am, week 2 Day 5, Lucy high tea café.
the next day, Tydawn is still working at him café, when Iris enter in for some tea...
"morning", said Tydawn...
"morning, Tydawn", said Iris.
"so how's your doctor check up", said Tydawn...
"well, the baby will be born, but needs time before it happens", said Iris...
"well that’s something", said Tydawn
"right, so some tea will be good", said Iris...
"coming up", said Tydawn.
for Tydawn, Iris is a new cook for Lucy high tea café...
but the Teacher Quiz still in Tydawn mind, as he know that next time must be better than last time...
"here's you tea, just for you, Iris", said Tydawn.
"thank you", said Iris...
to Iris, this is a new life now...
and to Tydawn, a baby will forced him to work harder in the end...
11:35am, week 2 day 5, classroom A-250.
Gingka is able to work with out any tough tests, but the class is not able to take the break and force himself into level 5 test quiz, by the end of this class period, only 8 people is able to continued the class, the 22 other students goes to the level 5 teacher for a better quiz...
Meanwhile Lucyshi is home after work, to train Iris for the job...
and after sometime, Iris able to make tea for the students, and new food for the special day...
for Lucyshi, this now, the only way to fix Rowan Teaching set...
by the end of the day, Iris is ready for tomorrow, and Tydawn is able to starts some Quiz training for the future, and Gingka is able to finally learn without Rowan high standard, but Nae is in need for work, and tomorrow is now or never…
10:30am, week 2 day 6, sport ground…
Mavis is running her laps for a hard work ahead…
but then, Maredge is outrage about Pimay high class café…
Pimay is cutting Maredge student view…
but Pimay is a person that will stop working, or lower him standard…
after enough time, Mavis is able to send Pimay and Maredge to the mayor office...
12:00pm, week 2 day 6, the mayors office…
the mayor is mad about Maredge and Pimay attack each other…
but any games is not enough to stop this…
but then, Tydawn arrives to talk about Nae building by a student taking her money…
sadly he call of a fund riser, will forced him to this battle…
9:30am, week 3 day 1, outside the school city…
Maredge, Pimay, and Tydawn is ready to start this cup…
and Mavis will see this though…
so NOTE OF ALL…
the rules of the quiz is…
1:Yu, Kitborg, and Nesshi will take set 6 paymends by the end each day for 3 days...
2:Mavis will call out any or all bad paymend, and cut it out of the final card of the day, no buts...
3:only 5 sets will be used for quiz use’s…
-Set 1= $0.05, Set 2= $0.10, Set 3= $0.20, Set 4= $0.50, set 5= $1.00, and Set 6 $2.00 or more...
4:mininum level is set at $50 of Set 1-5 per day, $150 mininum, for paparwork reasons...
5:the Quiz will end at 6PM in week 3 day 3, or reach $’4000’000’000 of Set 1-6…
the teams…
Maredge= Lonmew…
Pimay= Rosecat, Virgil, unknown maid…
Tydawn= Lucyshi, Iris, Nae, Gingka…
so with this setup, lets begins…
3 days later…
the report is in, and Mavis calls out…
this part only you can do…
day 1…
Tydawn got, 2281 Set 1, 1099 Set 2, 991 Set 3, 664 Set 4, and 200 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 1), add __________ (Answer 2), add __________ (Answer 3), add __________ (Answer 4), add __________ (Answer 5) equal __________ (Answer T1)...

while Pimay got 1002 Set1, 809 Set 2, 922 Set 3, 482 Set 4, and 203 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 6), add __________ (Answer 7), add __________ (Answer 8), add __________ (Answer 9), add __________ (Answer 10) equal __________ (Answer T2)...

and Maredge got 600 Set 1, 203 Set 2, 55 Set 3, 699 Set 4, and 20 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 11), add __________ (Answer 12), add __________ (Answer 13), add __________ (Answer 14), add __________ (Answer 15) equal __________ (Answer T3)...

for Yu, the first day is a good day, with Tydawn at first place, Pimay at second place, and Maredge at last place…

the total Set 6 is, $4278 for Tydawn, $2805 for Pimay, $354 for Maredge, and $10288.85 for Yu, or $17725.85...
day 2…
Tydawn got 800 Set 1, 1022 Set 2, 190 Set 3, 93 Set 3, 93 Set 4, and 45 set 5…

or __________ (Answer 16), add __________ (Answer 17), add __________ (Answer 18), add __________ (Answer 19), add __________ (Answer 20) equal __________ (Answer T4)…

but Maredge enter Tydawn family bussiness and forced Tydawn to stop the damage, and got $40000 out of it…

Maredge only got 100 Set 1, 91 Set 2, 89 Set 3, 122 Set 4, and 30 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 21), add __________ (Answer 22), add __________ (Answer 23), add __________ (Answer 24), add __________ (Answer 25) equal __________ (Answer T5)...

while Pimay got 5880 Set 1, 1699 Set 2, 901 Set 3, 522 Set 4, and 201 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 26), add __________ (Answer 27), add __________ (Answer 28), add __________ (Answer 29), add __________ (Answer 30) equal __________ (Answer T6)...

and Yu total Set 6 is, $40819 for Tydawn, $4002 for Pimay, $122 for Maredge, and $8199.55 for Yu, or $53142.55…
day 3…
Tydawn got 3111 Set 1, 2907 Set 2, 2009 Set 3, 500 Set 4, 300 Set 5…

or __________ (Answer 31), add __________ (Answer 32), add __________ (Answer 33), add __________ (Answer 34), add __________ (Answer 35) equal __________ (Answer T7)...

while Pimay got 2009 Set 1, 926 Set 2, 918 Set 3, 789 Set 4, and 22 Set 5...

or __________ (Answer 36), add __________ (Answer 37), add __________ (Answer 38), add __________ (Answer 39), add __________ (Answer 40) equal __________ (Answer T8)…

and Maredge got 977 Set 1, 402 Set 2, 309 Set 3, 901 Set 4, and 90 Set 5...

or __________ (Answer 41), add __________ (Answer 42), add __________ (Answer 43), add __________ (Answer 44), add __________ (Answer 45) equal __________ (Answer T9)…

for Yu, the last day is a good day, the total Set 6 is, $8209 for Tydawn, $3779 for Pimay, $886 for Maredge, and $20094.90 for Yu, or $32968.90…

in total Set 1-5, Tydawn is at T1 add T4 add T7 equal __________GT1, Pimay is at T2 add T5 add T8 equal __________GT2, and Maredge is at T3 add T6 add T9 equal __________GT3…

in the end, Pimay wins with $2858.65, second place goes to Tydawn with $2592.90, and in last place is Maredge with $1675.45…

if your maths is not like this, please redo it, as this erorr in the real world with be a bad thing…

for Yu, this is a good game, as he logs $17725.85 add $53142.55 add 32968.90 equal __________GT4…

or GT1 add GT2 add GT3 add GT4 equal __________ GGT…

but once it is done, Pimay will take a $600 per person rewands, Tydawn will take a  $300 per person seconds place rewands, and Maredge only got a  $50 per person last place standard worker fee that the school must pay…
in the end, the mayor is happy about Maredge and Pimay getting alone, and got $103837.30 for the school, but it is not enough to stop whats happening later…
Chapter 5
7:55am, week 3 day 6, hub 1 busport.
it is a standard day for Gingka-...
"Nnoooo", said Gingka, in again, maybe not so...
"this is nuts, the bus's cannot take a break now, students must get to the classroom", said Gingka…
“I’am sorry, but the bus drivers just stop driving for 3 days, so please wait up”, said the bus booth person...
"but I need to work today", said Nae...
"what, you need to work, at Tydawn café", said Gingka.
"yes, Lucyshi need me about my cook", said Nae.
"well this is not good, not at all", said Gingka…
but it is too late to stop it now...
as all of the bus's is not running at all, and the school city is now under core only setting…
NOTE TO ALL: special setting for any shut down of any system, only the core class's language, maths, and Gym will be set, and food van will be sends to stay the school running, BUT, the food van is also on strike with the bus driver, so the school is now in total chaos, and may end up closing the school, by force…
so 10 minutes later…
“why now… well it is done now”, said Gingka...
"Gingka", said Nae.
"I know, let's go then", said Gingka.
"what, oh nuts, we walking", said Nae…
“yes Nas”, said Gingka...
so Gingka and Nae walks to Lucy high tea café...
8:30am, week 2 day 6, Tydawn café.
Gingka and Nae arrives at Lucy high tea café...
"morning Gingka, your late", said Iris...
"morning, Iris", said Gingka.
"so, that will be-", said Iris, before Tydawn arrives and says, " what in the school codes is going on around here".
"the bus services is in a break", said Nae...
"in a break is not an option, what, oh god”, said Tydawn…
“Tydawn”, said Gingka.
“it is not a break, it is a pay crash, or a pay strike”, said Tydawn…
“a strike, but the bus’s”, said Nae...
"it is too late now, without the bus's, or other ways to go anywhere, everything will fall apart, badly", said Tydawn...
NOTE TO ALL: why this can close the school city...
well you see, the bus services is a key parts of a school city, and every school must have minimum bus service when a break is calls, but all bus services is shut down, and the school city is in core only setting, so things are starting to break down...
"well the strike is the driver move", said Iris...
"yes, and the driver is in need of more money, and better hours", said Tydawn.
"so why now", said Nae.
“Tydawn, what will you do”, said Gingka...
"well, I go to see the Mayor, while you and Nae stay with Iris, the shop must stay open, clear", said Tydawn.
“clear Tydawn”, said Iris, Nae and Gingka…
and once Tydawn leaves...
"I have a bad feeling about this", said Gingka.
so Tydawn goes to the Mayor office...
10:30am, Week 2 Day 6, the mayor office.
Tydawn arrives at the mayor office...
"Tydawn, what are you doing here, this break is just started", said the Mayor...
"you mean, the strike action by the bus driver", said Tydawn...
"What, why, why do you know that", said the mayor...
"just a gut call, one that tells me when a strike will happen", said Tydawn.
"nuts, I hope to keep it out from everyone way, but you found out without anyone telling you", said the mayor...
"well that's not a guts power, but that's will not matter now, said Tydawn...
"right, I call Mavis to come over here, to talk about a pay upgrade to the bus driver", said the mayor...
but...
"that's impossible Mayor", said Mavis as she enter the office...
"Mavis", said Tydawn...
"the money flow is too far down to be change now,  the fund-riser money is use only to keep the school together, and the pay cut will be due in 5 days anyway", said Mayor...
"but will the government help the school city", said Tydawn...
"well no, the government is never help us, not anymore", said the mayor...
"and new student are harder to get, and old student cannot pay the yearly fee", said Mavis...
"but the students", said Tydawn...
"Tydawn, this may be the first, but the food van people is also with the bus driver in this strike", said the Mayor.
“the food van people”, said Tydawn…
“yes, one bully is a part of the group, with a head of the food van people being too hot headed, and most food van people are in no mood to work for the school city, not anymore", said Mavis...
"but the student will be late", said Tydawn...
"yes, but the pay cut will save the students", said Mavis...
"but will the strike take a pay cut", said Tydawn...
"Mayor, it is your call, so what will it be", said Mavis...
"Mayor, not do it", said Tydawn, but it is too late.
"sorry Tydawn, but the strike must end, tonight", said the Mayor, “I will live, with this option”...
12:30pm, week 3 day 6, the bus driver houses.
Tydawn is in the bus driver houses, to tell the driver, the Mayor call...
for the head of bus services named Sorokai, and the head of food van named Rapter, this is a bad call for everyone in the strike team…
"so, you enter here, to be a loser of the Mayor", said Rapter...
"no, the Mayor sent me here to try talking about returning back to normal", said Tydawn...
"Rapter, this new owner is telling him side please", said Sorokai…
"Tch, you are no fun, Sorokai, your poor power control is too big to me", said Rapter...
"so, what's your call", said Tydawn.
"well this strike, will go on, into the Mayor stop the pay cut", said Sorokai...
"but the students will not be able, to make up, the lose time that this strike will damage", said Tydawn…
“but the bus driver needs more money for bus repair”, said Sorokai...
for 10 minutes, Tydawn is trying to stop the strike from continuing, but then ""my cameras fail and break the 4th wall"".
“”like the camera lost power””...
""but it lasted only 10 minutes""...
“”when the camera starts running again””.
"man, this is bad", said Sorokai.
we are outside the bus driver houses, to find the school city shut down, by blackout, or power cut out that is at a big numbers of units cut out...
"well this will break the Mayor ways, so the pay cut stops, right", said Rapter...
"no, the blackout will stop the strike meetings", said Tydawn...
"well then, the strike goes on", said Rapter...
"Rapter", said Sorokai…
a few seconds later…
“Rapter, what are you planing”, said Tydawn…
“I so sorry about Rapter, but this blackout will stop the bus’s from doing the job”, said Sorokai...
so Rapter continued the strike, and Sorokai is forced to send Tydawn home...
meanwhile, at the teachers hall, at the same time...
Koro is in a meeting, when the blackout started...
for the teachers, this blackout is way too far this time...
for Koro, this is the most painful way for the school to end, but without power, all shop will be close by force to save the student, and the teachers is now losing the standards...
for the students, this is a bad time to lose time, but the clouds will start to snow, to the student, to be snowed, is to be hopeless...
1:30pm, week 3 day 7, Tydawn tent, class D zone, level of shut down: 10 (90% close) (all sport, gyms, and shop are close)…
the next day...
Tydawn, and Lucyshi is working at the tent, to feed student with hot food and tea...
"oh thank you, thank you so many", said a student...
"man, the food van people is not doing this job like them not care", said Tydawn...
"well the food van people is fighting not to work, but the owners is now forced to be the food van", said Lucyshi...
"well, to me, I do it anyway", said Tydawn.
"no counting of codes", said Lucyshi...
for Tydawn, it being a day since the blackout, and the school city is still in core only setting, but the teachers that will not work, and stopping the class's that need it, and the teachers that always work, is teaching to 100's of students, just to still it running, but the food van people will not help the students...
for the 100 food van, them people are kick out the people that helps students, and forced the mayors to never cut the van's off, but this Mayor is only 2 years on the job, and the food van people is not happy about him cost cuting calls, or the van people ending up with a pay cut...
but Tydawn is not happy that the food van people is too many a bully that never works, one bully put Nae in debt, and the student need all the help that the students can get...
so Tydawn team just keeps working...
meanwhile, Gingka, Nae, Iris, and Kenny is in another tent, doing the same thing...
"Iris, this is not your dream, please, walk away from this", said a teacher...
"no, my place is with Tydawn, and right now, I got people to feed", said Iris...
"Iris please", said the teacher.
"Iris is working now, so please leave her alone", said Gingka...
"Gingka, this is Iris-", the teacher says, before Gingka stop her and says, "leave now"...
a minute later, the teacher leaves, without Iris...
"Teacher", said Iris...
"come in Iris, the students need you now more than ever", said Gingka...
"okay", said Iris...
so Iris team continued working without any more stoppage…
meanwhile, Yu and Pimay is also helping the students by cooking food for all students…
but the food supply’s is not able to lasts 2 days, and Pimay set it up to last 4 days…
so Yu is doing the bast that he can...
meanwhile, Mavis is in the Mayor office, to finding ways to stop the strike, but it is impossible to do it, as the money is continuing to being hared to get...
the mayor is unable to do anything into the blackout ends, but the mayor tell Mavis, that this year will be a hard year, and he will do, whatever it takes, even to lose the mayor posts, if the school will go on...
because he knows that enterprise school city will end up dieting, by next year…
for Mavis, the Mayor is going to fight the battle ahead of the school, with everything him got...
3:30pm, week 3 day 7, the bus driver houses.
Rapter is mad that the Mayor is not talking to the strike people...
for Rapter, this blackout, in he eyes, is a move to kill the food van people by cutting the power himself...
but Sorokai is able to see that the blackout is outside of the Mayors control, because the Mayor blackout only the strikes houses and shops, if it is possible...
but this blackout is school wide, and the power zone, did not call back...
Sorokai is forced to stand by into the power is back…
“we may not need to do the teacher Quiz, we will win without it”, said Sorokai...
for Rapter, it is a big move to strike, but he will end the Mayor rule, or he's post, in us eyes...
but to you reader, he will lose it all...
7:30pm, week 3 day 7, Tydawn storage house.
Tydawn is able to save 25 student from the snow...
and Lucyshi is able to keep the house under back up power...
but Iris is able to see the food supply’s is starting to fail, by this blackout being that big, and the resupply team is out of order...
so Tydawn is sending an order for more food...
but the order will take time to make it here...
for Tydawn, the next day, will be bad...
1:30pm, week 4 day 1, Tydawn tent.
The day is snowing more and more, without the power, the school is handing on by a line that is 0.1 centimetre, but Tydawn is now in deep failed mode...
as Tydawn and Lucyshi is forced is move Iris team to him location, just to manage the lasts of the food supply’s...
"man, today’s supply’s is now gone", said Tydawn…
“well, we done for today now”, said Lucyshi...
“god, help us all”, said Nae…
“well, I managed to get the town to send any leftover foods to help the student, but the other school city’s is just surviving”, said Gingka...
“well then, I calling the mayor to get more help”, said Tydawn...
with only a day of food left, Tydawn is ready to call the Mayor, but he heard a small talk that changed everything...
Lonmew tell a student about Bulma being upset about someone...
"the teacher", said another student...
"yes, the teacher did not show up for 3 days", said Lonmew...
"it this true", said another student...
"yes and Bulma is too upset about her to enter class now”, said Lonmew.
"so where is Bumla will go", said another student...
"the power zone, that’s where bulma is going", said Lonmew...
"but no one can enter the zone", said another student...
"well it is her downfall", said Lonmew.
but Tydawn soon put it together, and sees that this blackout is at this power zone as the sources...
so Tydawn will goes to the Power zone, TONIGHT…

Chapter 6
8:30pm, week 4 day 1, power zone...
Tydawn is outside the power zone...
for Tydawn, he is going in, alone...
then Bulma arrives, and find a hole to enter the zone...
"bulma, why are you doing here", said Tydawn.
a few seconds later, Tydawn is now seeing an open door of time, so Tydawn goes though the hole, and enter the room...
20 minutes later, Tydawn hear Bumla talking out loud...
"please, I you must return the power, the school needs it", said Bulma.
but then, a people is laughing, devilled...
"no way loser, this school died now, and you will be my slave", said Rowan…
“why, why are you doing this, to kill people”, said Bumla...
"Rowan", said Tydawn...
and yes, that name is, Rowan.
it is him that did it, and brainwash a woman that tell Iris to cut Tydawn crew, into a slave.
but Bulma is forced to talk to him, because the slave is her teacher, and she will not be Rowan slave.
but Rowan soon starts the music to break her down…
it only forced her to fight the music, as it is not working...
(door opening).
And stopped by Tydawn, entering the room, to save the school...
"Tydawn, now this is too many", said Rowan...
"Rowan, stop this madness", said Tydawn...
but Rowan did something that will kill the school city...
"you fools, the power zone is no more, the computer is death, and you will never save it in time, Tydawn", said Rowan...
"you, why you, why the school city did to you to just attack the school city", said Tydawn...
"well, it's nothing that another people will do that will destroyed my life", said Rowan.
"your life, or your standard", said Tydawn...
"both, and by people that attacks people like me, without the code to do it", said Rowan...
"your standard", said the cop that enter the room...
"aha, your standard, is a joke, and your level 5 rights is cut off 5 years before getting fired, and you Rowan, damage the standard by still using it, said the cop...
"but you-", said Rowan, before the cop stop him, and says, "Rowan, your under lock and key for multilayer rape, and multilayer attacking the power zone"…
“no, you got no power to stop me”, said Rowan…
“yeah yeah, keep walking, said the cop...
some time later, Rowan is taking away from the power zone, and the slave is freed, and under the cop care...
but the damage is done, as the control computer...
"nuts, it is too late to fix it now, no one can fix it like this", said the cop...
"well I can fix it", said Tydawn.
"you, you can fix this computer", said the cop...
"yes, this computer is no more than a Ser-XN22.5, my family company got 3 of this model, and I know how to fix it", said Tydawn...
"but without the right parts, it is impossible", said Bulma.
"that isbecause this model is so old, and outdated, but with the right mod sets, the computer will reboot", said Tydawn...
"do it, own. Tydawn", said the cop...
"right, let find some parts, and start this, Bulma, your help will be needed here", said Tydawn.
"yes sir", said Bulma...
so Tydawn is trying to fix the power computer...
10:00pm, week 4 day 1, Power zone...
after an hour of work, Tydawn is able to save the power computer from total shut down, and Bulma is able to start the computer.
after enough time, Tydawn work is done, and the computer is working...
then, the power returns with time to spare...
as air conditioner kick into high gear to restart the school...
5 minutes later, in a snowed land, Tydawn is outside the power zone, to see the school city in a light up grows...
but Tydawn knows the strike is still on...
so the next battle begins tomorrow…
but will the strike end, without a fight, or destroyed the school city, without anyone saving it, or end in a teacher quiz that changed the school, and be the sign of thing to come…
meanwhile we inside the classroom with Koro, as he is building new test paper, without any lighting...
(Door being hit).
"well, who-, said Koro before, ""well, the camera just fail on us, so another camera will do"".
just then, someone that call himself the food van people leaves the room...
"aahhh", Koro says up loud...
"what, who there", said the student...
a minute later...
"Koro, are you alright", said the student...
Koro is still alive, but he is too damage to walk, so the person call the doctor...
"yes doctor, please, come quicker", said the student...
for Koro, he will not see any student for weeks...
8:00am, week 4 day 2, Tydawn Tent...
the next day is a black day for the school city, and the crash will be remember, as the day of bloody students, but the day started at Tydawn tent...
when Tydawn, Lucyshi, and Nae is working hard to keep the school students from losing hope, but the food supply’s is now too low to keep up with the students, and Tydawn is now in need to end the strike, before more damage is done...
so Tydawn goes to the Mayor office...
9:30am. week 4 day 2, the Mayor office.
Tydawn enter the office, to end the strike, and return the school to normal, but find the Mayor in shock, as news about Koro attack is heard around the school city..
"Mayor, what happens", said Tydawn...
"it is Koro, he are be attacks by the food van peoples", said the Mayor...
"what, but why now", said Tydawn.
"I wish I know, but this attack is now too far to be continued", said the mayor.
"but Mayor, this is the-", said Tydawn...
"Tydawn, the strike is now beyond control, and must end, now", said the Mayor...
"well that makes both of us, I'm start talking to Sorokai now", said Tydawn..
"you do that then, good day", said The Mayor...
so Tydawn goes to the strike people...
meanwhile, Mavis is trying to restart the computer so the strike can end in a happy way...
for Mavis, this is the only way to stop this strike without any more fighting, but Sorokai will stop Mavis without any rights, and Rapter is too far inside changing the school to be stops.
so Mavis must do it, to save the school, but the news arrives as the computer goes online...
KSX is forced to tell all schools that all money credit, must be pay at once, and all strikes must be stop by forces only, no buts, no stopping it...
Mavis is in shock about the KSX calls, and find herself lock to this way...
after enough time, Mavis is unable to stop the call, so Mavis is forced to tell the Mayor that the money will not be around to give the strike group what the group want...
for the strike, it is about to get worse...
10:30am, week 4 day 2, the bus people house.
Tydawn enters Sorokai, to talk about ending the strike, but Sorokai is in bad shape, and lose the head of the strike group, and he is unable to stop some of the bus driver from becoming like Rapter...
after some time, Tydawn soon find out that it is Rapter that attack Koro, and Sorokai, to take the mayors posts and power, for the food van people becoming the lords of enterprise school city, but Tydawn is able to see the plan as a bad one, and will kill the school city with no hope left in it…
and Sorokai will not enter a teacher Quiz to end to strike...
so once he is tell about where Rapter, Tydawn goes to him tent, before it is too late...
11:00am, week 4 day 2, Tydawn tent.
Tydawn is back at the tent that he leave to Lucyshi for managing the damage...
but Rapter is also here to talk about he's as Mayor of Enterprise School City, to the students...
"and I as Mayor, will give more points per class, and no work days", said Rapter...
"and no students will get homework ever again", said Rapter...
"but work day is the student work experiences, and the world is not going to change back to the old days", said Tydawn...
"well owner, your fried by breaking the law about only the food van people will work in tents", said Rapter...
"but the Mayor ban that law, because of cost", said Tydawn...
"the mayor is a loser that never cared about the food van people", said Rapter...
"but the Mayor is just trying to save the school", said Tydawn...
"and you believe this person codes, he is a fool and a birch for failing to save the van people", said Rapter...
"no, it is you who will only damage yourself, by attacking Koro, and Sorokai, you only going to end the food van people", said Tydawn...
"student, attack this fool", said Rapter...
but then...
"hold it, this call is out of your rights, Rapter", said a Student...
"but this fool attack the food van people, just like today’s mayor", said Rapter.
"well this maybe right, but Rapter, to be clear, this school is only holding on by only a small hand, and the mayor maybe not able, to stop the school from going down, (out loud) but you, you have no heart", said a 19 year old, Level 3 student named Blaze Houston...
"every time a pay cut ends up cutting the food van people money, you attack the teachers, and students, to stop the cut from happening, but this mayor is not going to see your way any more, he got to save the School City from falling down, and you got to stop this attack, before you lose your rights", said Blaze...
"your wrong, the food van food people is all powerful and always right", said Rapter...
"but the blackout show us, that your people are no heart to help the student that need your help, you turn your back at us, so we will stop your people", said Blaze...
but some student who are taking by Rapter words as true, has now telling Blaze's students to back off, and vote for Rapter, just so to get the ""will not happening"" no work days, and no homework ideas, but Blaze will not vote Rapter in, no matter what...
Then, a punch to a students head, started a battle that undone the strike...
Tydawn is forced to cut all call the stop this, it is now too late, to stop the strike from destroyed the school now...
but then, a food van person is kick at the persons back side, and forced the van people to the battle...
Sorokai is able the see the battle, as a bad move, and now he will not attack the students, because it is not the way to do it, then more student starts to attack the van people, and other student...
Tydawn is only able to stop Blaze for the strike that is going on...
but Blaze calls a teacher quiz to "kick him "back side"...
"well, this is something that I will calls", said the Mayor, as he arrives...
and just then, the attacks stops, and Rapter find himself under the Cops control...
for Tydawn, it is about to end, in a teacher Quiz’s, and Sorokai is also lose him right to leave it now...
12:15pm, week 4 day 2, the mayor office...
the Mayor is back at him office...
"why, why the students attack each other like this", said the mayor...
"well Mayor, the blackout are destroyed the school", said Sorokai...
"you cannot let the students cleaned, I will break the students to obey the Mayor", said Rapter...
"but that will kill the school, and turn the students into bad people, and that is the truth", said Sorokai...
"but the students is fools to the core, so to obey is to be alive", said Rapter...
"well once the pay cut is stop, your leaving the-", said Sorokai...
"Sorokai, it is too late now, your pay cut will happens in two days time, and Rapter, your thing of destroyed the students, will kill the school, and forced the students to start over", said the mayor...
"but you never give the food van people enough to keep it out of danger", said Rapter...
"Rapter, stop this power play now", said the mayor...
"no, you must give the food van people, the school control, so the food van people can kick the bad students out, everyone", said Rapter...
"no Rapter, you will never get it", said the mayor...
"then you leave me no option", said Rapter...
"Rapter, no", said Sorokai...
"this is the end mayor, I want a teacher Quiz to stop you", said Rapter...
"if you want a teacher quiz, you got a teacher quiz",  said the Mayor, “because one student call it first, and try everything but the quiz”...
"no Mayor, this will be fix without it", said Sorokai.
"Sorry Sorokai, but your in it, like it, or not",said the mayor...
"but the code says, the Quiz corp must call it, and must starts the quiz’s in 14 days, no less no more", said Sorokai...
"well, the blackout forced my hand, 3 days, no more than that", said the mayor...
"but mayor", said Sorokai...
"I take the 3 day starting point", said Rapter...
"no 14 da-", said Sorokai, before the mayor stop him, and says "Sorokai, your going into the 3 day starting point, or your fired from your job"...
"yes sir, I in", said Sorokai...
"so it is going ahead, week 4 day 5", said Rapter...
"and it will start at 10:00PM, and winner will get my post, mission, money rights, and power of the office", said the mayor...
"and the Quiz-Rets must have one of the sides people, just to level the field", said Sorokai.
"I second the idea, but the shop owners, and the students will be the Quiz-Rets only", said Tydawn...
"and the quiz will be 5 code of mayor quiz, set at level 5 to find the mayor that will set the way", said Lonmew...
"level 5, but level 1 is better", said Sorokai...
"Sorokai, you never fight for your posts right", said Tydawn...
"yes, by the last Head of the bus driver", said Sorokai...
"well look at the mayor, and Rapter, the two fighter are more willing to fight a level 5 Quiz’s, than a level 4 quiz, non a level 1 Quiz’s, this is now a fight to the end, and the strike must end, one way or another", said Tydawn...
"I second the level 5 quiz, to set a point to all of you", said Rapter...
"I will set it at level 5, it is done", said the Mayor...
"well it is done Sorokai, so you must says it", said Lonmew...
"under the broadening codes", said Sorokai...
for Tydawn, Sorokai walk out of office, but he will do, a bad move, he just did not know it just...
the next day, the snowing are ended, and the students that attack is noted for level 0 if it happens again, and Tydawn is able to restock the food supply's with only one set of tea left, and the teachers as able to start working, and the Gyms is now open to all students...
but the next two days, the Mayors is working at it's harder to rebuilds the power zone before the repairs fails...
Tydawn is building a test quiz to set it up, when the Quiz starts, but Sorokai is in no mood to fight the Teacher quiz, as he see it as an illegible quiz, so he tries to call the Quiz corp. to reset the quiz…
Chapter 7
9:55AM, week 4 day 5, the teacher Quiz.
the Mayor arrives at the teacher Quiz Grounds...
"Rapter, Sanini, where is Sorokai", said the Mayor...
"he is calling sick, so I'am taking him place", said a bus driver, and Sorokai 3rd head Sanini...
"well, he fired, so your can leave now", said Rapter...
"well, I allow Sanini enters", said Cody...
4 minute later, the people is now set for the teacher quiz...
"OK players, here is the rules", said Cody...
"this Quiz will test your heart and codes", said Cody...
"the winner will take the Mayor posts, and power, and loser takes nothing", said Cody...
"OK", said the Mayor...
"now, here's the breakdown", said Cody...
"This quiz is about a school of 2'000 Students with 67 teachers, and 25 crew", said Cody, "but one student bully a student, and your must Mayor it though out"...
“but each quiz will not be set by an unknown standard, am I clear", said Cody...
"yes Ret-Cody", said the Mayor...
"yes sir", said Rapter and Sanini.
"so get yourself ready players", said Cody...
seconds later, Rapter, Sanini, and the Mayor are set for the starts of the teacher quiz...
"OK, count it down with me", said Cody...
"5..4...3...2...1... Ready, go", said Cody, and the 3 player are outs...
both Rapter, and Sanini are holding a close tie for second...
but the Mayor is more ahead of Rapter and Sanini, by 5 seconds, just from the first jump...
by will the Mayor win...
the win, will change the school...
3 minute later...
Rapter is able to reach the first student...
"so ready for the first quiz", said the first student...
"just do it", said Rapter...
so the first quiz starts, please play with us...
the bully is able to break the cooking system in the school café that 300 students need it to work, but it will cost $300'000, and your cash level is $200'000...
so......

Quiz here.
A: don't pay it, but lose 300 students and 10 teachers...
B: pay it, but lose $300'000 from the sport cash level.
C: pay $150'000, but lose 90 students and 3 teachers...

your answer:_____________

but Rapter is able to answer the quiz...
so Rapter answer, A, and lock it...
"set", said the first student...
"then, Rapter goes to the second student...

but here's the other players answer...
The Mayor: B
Sanini: B

but only finishing the quiz must come first...
meanwhile, Sanini is able to reach the second student...
"so, ready", said the second student.
"ready", said Sanini...
so the second quiz starts, please play with us...
the bully damage the bike room, and must be repair...
but the repair bill is $500'000, and the cash level is $300'000...
so......

Quiz here...
A: pay it, but lose $200'000...
B: Don't pay it, but lose 120 students, and 4 teacher...

your answer:_______________

for a minute, Sanini is unable to find the answer.
"I got it", said Sanini...
"B, set B", said Sanini...
"it is now lock", said the second student...
and then, Sanini goes to the next student...

the other players answer at the end...
The Mayor: A
Rapter: B

for Sanini, this quiz is a battle for the Mayor, and Rapter...
so he only needs to stop Rapter, as any second best move possible...
meanwhile, the mayor is at the 3rd student, and begin to quiz...
"alright, let's do this", said the Mayor...
so please play with us in the 3rd quiz...
the bully steals 50 books, but each book is $200, and $150 more to prep it for school...
so......

Quiz here...
A: pay it, but lose $17'500...
B: don't pay it, but lose 150 students, and 5 teacher...
C: pay 30 book, but lose $10'500, 40 students, and one teacher...

your answer:_______________

for the Mayor, this quiz is not without risk...
but he answer, A...
"set and lock", said the 3rd student...
and then, the mayor leaves for the next one...

the other player answer at the end...
Rapter: B
Sanini: B

but will the mayor win he's posts...
or lose it, to Rapter...
6 minutes later, Sanini is able to reach the 4th student...
"ready", said the 4th student...
"ready", said Sanini...
so the 4th quiz starts, please play with us...
the bully breaks 40 computer, but a computer cost $3'000, and the student cannot go in without it, but only 12 computer is left for 800 students...
so why will you do......

Quiz here...
A: pay it, but lose $120'000...
B: don't pay it, but lose all but 80 students, and 27 teacher...

your answer:_______________

for a time, Sanini rechecking him game plan...
and answer, B...
"set, you can go", said the 4th student...
so Sanini leaves for the 5th and last student...

the other player answer at the end...
The Mayor: A
Rapter: B

for Sanini, this is it…
meanwhile, the mayor is in the final run...
as he arrives at the 5th student...
"so, are you ready", said the 5th student...
"yes", said the Mayor...
"Ok, let do this", said the 5th student...
so the last quiz will stars, please, please play with us...
the bully is under lock and key, but the damage is done, and by now a lot of students leaves the school for good...
so why to do with the bully......

Quiz here...
A: kick him out, but the bully will end up failing to survive...
B: burn the book and let him back in, but lose any hope to stopping 300 students leaving...
C: transit the bully to a special school, but pay $500'000, and lose the bully...

your answer:_______________

the Mayor not able to answer it with more time...
"it is A, lock in, A", said the mayor...
"set, lock, and done", said the 5th student...

the other players answer at the end...
Rapter: A
Sanini: A

3 minutes later, the Mayor is near the end of the teacher quiz...
"so the Mayor is almost there", said Cody...
"the end is in the bag", said Cody...
"and the first one to finish is... the Mayor", said Cody...
the student is in high sprits by the mayors finishing...
"and Sanini just answers the 10th student, and in the home run", said Cody...
"and Rapter is still in route to the 4 the student", said Cody...
for Rapter, the end is near...
5 minutes later, Rapter just make it with enough energy to sit for an hour, and with that, the teacher quiz had ended, and the quiz-ret will check the answers for the winner...
the future, will be made...
5 minutes later...
"your data is here, and the points are", said Cody...
"the Mayor, 1999 students... Sanini, player for Sorokai and the bus drivers, 1729 Students, not bad for the player", said Cody...
"well, the money setting will be enough to win", said Rapter...
"and Rapter, 799 students", said Cody...
"and now the money", said Rapter...
BUT......
"and the winner is... the mayor of enterprise school city", said Cody...
"what, but the money is the only point to be used” said Rapter...
"don't true, all point of the quiz is always used", said Tydawn...
"but the student is not a standard class, it is money that all Quiz-Ret must used as standard", said Rapter...
NOTE TO ALL: Rapter is too close minded to see that this teacher quiz’s is a multi answer type...
it is mostly limited to the Quiz-Rets point of view, so for the one that see the students as the standard, the other see the teacher, or money, or all of the points of view, to find a winner...
but Rapter see it, as a money only quiz, and no other view point...
and Rapter thinks that the mayor pay the Quiz-Ret out, but the Quiz-Ret is only looking for a mayor, and any damage to it, will forced a reset, so no, the mayor only have the skills to hold him post...
so Rapter tell the Ret to kick the mayor out, under the back kick codes, but then...
"Rapter, you and all of the van people are now fired, and kick out of this school, for life", said the Mayor...
"no, we are the food van people, and without-", said Rapter...
"GET OUT OF MY SCHOOL NOW", said the Mayor...
The students is shock by the mayor order, but Sanini called the cops in, and stop Rapter from doing anything bad, for Rapter, it is over now, game, OV... ER... your get the point, as Rapter is forced to leave Enterprise school city, without the second chance...
10 minute later, the mayor is able to stop Rapter plan once and for all, but...
"so, the strike ends here", said Sanini...
"I fear the bus driver will not see it as the end of the strike, it will only make it worse", said Tydawn...
"but without Sorokai, the strike will go on", said the mayor...
"but Sorokai is not going to end it without the courts call", said Sanini...
"and that will not going to having", said the mayor...
"well, I search for Sorokai, while the rests of you try’s to keep the students come", said Tydawn...
"OK Tydawn", said Lonmew…
Chapter 8
11:00AM, week 4 Day 5, the green zone park....
Tydawn is in the park, inside the green zone, but after enough time, Tydawn is unable to find Sorokai at all, but then, a new owner show up, just to see a friend...
"Sorokai", said Tydawn...
"Sorokai, now that's a name I don't want to hear", said the new owner...
"what the school code, hey you", said Tydawn...
"what", said the new owner...
"do you know where Sorokai is", said Tydawn...
"no, not by my eyes, mister", said the owner...
"Tydawn, owner of Lucy high tea café, and you", said Tydawn...
"wakeyun, owner of a new bike shop, the paperwork just got in before the blackout, and just arrive to the lights turn in", said the new owner named Wakeyun...
"Wakeyun, well this is an odd way to enter", said Tydawn as he is the one that stop Rowan from killing the school city...
after some time...
"Wakeyun, this is bad, very bad", said Wakeyun friend...
"if Sorokai not start the count action, it will be too late", said Wakeyun friend...
"Rapter, well he is a loser of a bad systems that now no longer alive", said Wakeyun...
"well thats an odd call", said Tydawn...
"Wakeyun", said Wakeyun friend...
"Lvyxin, what's happen", said Wakeyun...
"it is Rapter, he fired", said Lvyxin...
"and Sorokai is recalls to the mayor office", said Wakeyun...
"what, but why", said Lvyxin...
"well you see, Tydawn here tell me about it", said Wakeyun...
"Tydawn", said Lvyxin, in shock...
"yes, and he tell me about Rapter being fired", said Wakeyun...
"what, but this is not something that bus driver need to know", said Lvyxin...
"come on Lvyxin, this is not something that kill the head's job", said Wakeyun...
"but you must, by Sorokai, to save the head of the bus driver, as your the bus driver, right", said Lvyxin...
"a bus driver", said Tydawn...
"well, I’m once a bus driver for this school", said Wakeyun...
"but, as you must know, Lvyxin, that I was fired by the last head before Sorokai, and I now an owner", said wakeyun...
"but, the bus drivers cannot be an owner without the head of the bus driver say so", said Lvyxin...
but after enough time, Luyxin is unable to stop the stoppable...
"well the Mayor win the strike, so you have to back him", said Wakeyun...
"Wakeyun, you backs the Mayor, but why", said Lvyxin in shock...
"because the court will take time, and last I check, the blackout stops the strike for getting better pays", said Wakeyun...
"MMM, your right, the black did stop us, and, with the food van people kick out, the court cannot stop the mayor now", said Lvyxin...
"so Sorokai must end this, before it is too late", said Wakeyun...
"well, I let you tell Sorokai, but the ball is in him court, so be careful", said Lvyxin
"OK", said Wakeyun...
So Tydawn continued the search for Sorokai, with Wakeyun. and Lvyxin...
11:35AM, week 4 day 5, the green zone park...
Tydawn is in the search for Sorokai, with Wakeyun, and Lvyxin at him back...
but then...
"Sorokai", said Lvyxin...
"Lvyxin, Tydawn, but how", said Sorokai...
5 minutes later...
"the quiz corp. will not stop it, or change it, the mayor must not fired Rapter, or the quiz will be set", said Sorokai.
"it is too late now, the mayor just fired Rapter and the food van people, without a second chance", said Tydawn...
"no, but, the bus driver will fight the Mayor in the courts of school city’s offices", said Sorokai...
"but the court will allow the mayors call, and you will be fired", said Wakeyun...
"and, it the Mayor fired you now, the strike will be turn into junk", said Lvyxin...
after another 5 minutes, Sorokai is now, done...
for Wakeyun, the strike is just too far...
but for Sorokai, he is now forced to do something that can’t be undo...
"Lvyxin, tell the bus driver, code 9XZ3, please", said Sorokai...
"Sorokai... yes Sorrokai", said Lvyxin...
"Tydawn, your death to me now", said Sorokai...
"is it a joke", said Tydawn...
"no", said Sorokai, as he goes to the mayor office, to end this now…
1:30PM, week 4 day 5, the mayor office...
the mayor is at him office, to end the strike, and after enough time, Sorokai is able to save face, and end the strike in the losing side...
in the end, Sorokai is forced to restart to services with a new timetable, and a new repair set to make the most of the bus's without failing the students, and will not get a pay upgrades, in to the school is able to be nounal again...
but Sorokai is unable to save himself, and quit him job as the head of the bus drivers...
after enough time, Sorokai walk out of the room, and walk out of the school city, but not before...
"I sorry about this", said the mayor...
"I sorry too", said Sorkai, as he leaves the office...
for Tydawn, this is a bad way to end, but the school lost more than most...
6:00PM, week 4 day 5, Tydawn café...
Tydawn is able to work the last tea break, and Tydawn is also able to help some bus people after the strike, and the blackout, damage the school...
"Sorokai, why", said the bus driver.
"I not know about him, but he leave the school city, without any noted", said Tydawn...
"yes but he the good person, and a good driver", said the bus driver...
"well, maybe someone better will come, and end up changing your world view", said Tydawn...
"I sorry but this will never coming, goodnight Tydawn", said the bus driver...
"goodnight", said Tydawn, as he sees the group, damage beyond repair...
so the day is done, Tydawn, Lucyshi, and Iris, lives a good few days...
no happy ever after here, just all new battles...
10:35AM, week 5 day 2, Tydawn café...
Tydawn is working at him café, with Iris as today’s cook...
and after 4 days of hard rebuild, Tydawn is able to see the students return to nounal...
"Tydawn", said one student...
"oh, hi there", said Tydawn...
"hello, I a level 3 students from class D-21, and I want to say, I sorry, about the attack that we and Rapter did against the Mayor", said one student...
"oh", said Tydawn...
"I only want to change the school so the school is easily to me", said one students...
"well, if anything, I willed see it, as something to learn for the next time", said Tydawn...
"well we will see, just mint tea", said one student...
"coming up", said Tydawn, as he continued him work as the school is still going to see more damage...
3:30PM, week 5 day 2, classroom D-378, class: science test...
Gingka is learning some new skills...
for a teacher named Painrose, this class is able to get the other class's, into him class, because of the failed teachers...
for Gingka, he learns the one way that almost all schools can only wish for...
and it is that Science is a good skill to learn, but that see the students as people, can make the skills stay with the students...
the day ends of the school city...
Tydawn is able to keep the café open, and keep the food supply’s in a good level...
Gingka and Nae is working hard on the grades, and the café...
Lucyshi is able to shop for some good clothes, and start riding the bike, by Wakeyun bike shop...
and Iris is able to tell her friends that is still here...
and works hard to rebuild her future...
but the strike, have damage the school city to lose enough money that the next one will come...
so the school city, will see more of it, like a bad dream...
and that's the truth...
7:00am, week 5 day 4, Tydawn home...
Tydawn is in the room at he's home, as he starts the day, by biking...
just around the zone, to get fit...
while Iris is still asleep in her room...
Iris room is a standard type for students, but with a baby bed and baby supply’s...
as her due date is about week 40-42, and she needs to money to live...
and meanwhile, Lucyshi is able to get breakfast to start the day, but Lucyshi is also able to know that the money flow is not in good shape...
so once Tydawn returns...
"Tydawn", said Lucyshi...
"yes Lucyshi", said Tydawn...
"well, can you go to KSX today", said Lucyshi...
"why Lucyshi, it is only 2 days left before I can do it", said Tydawn...
"well, the money flow is getting too low, so a top off is needed to just keep us alive", said Lucyshi...
"alright then, I go to the KSX to get some Money", said Tydawn...
"thank you", Tydawn", said Lucyshi...
So after an hour, Tydawn goes to KSX office…
But a new failed is about to happen…
Will the School survive it…
Or will Tydawn find a way to save the School…
We will tell you…
As time goes on and on…
--End of Line--
Have a good day, and I see you next time,. Reader...
Scene 4
Once the movie ended, the walker is happy…
and Hoade is happy to see it though…
a lap later, Hoade goes to sleep...
The next cycle, Seanchu arrive back, only to find that the kids is in need of a good movie now.
Seanchu only have one movie called Rapshty.
But the kid is in need for something more.
Then, Soulchu enter the telling set, and tells a movie with a few songs.
The 3th movie is called, We Can't Be Austxin.
Prologue.
It starts, at the sun raised on the planet named Austxin.
And a worker walks to a water factory, as well as 50 more workers in this factory.
For the workers, this is life in the land called Person.
It is now 20 years after the waterlord wars, but the world is now as dry as sand and rocks.
And still, water is now more costly than gold, or oil.
But will the world be saves, at all.
Just stand by on it.
We Can’t Be Austxin
The First Edition
By Dragoon Lucy
Made in 672AM

Chapter 1
We just outside this factory called the badland water factory 014, when a bike arrive to send the mail.
"Hi there, biker", said the worker.
"Hello, workers", said the biker named Luke Raymond, he a young mail biker for the Badlands waterlord.
"So, where Mewash today", said Luke.
"he just inside the control room, at always", said the worker.
"Thank you worker", said Luke.
Then, Luke goes inside.
Meanwhile, in a small town in the land called Zora perion.
When one female biker is just exit the school.
"Hey, Treeion", said the school boy.
"Hey, see you next time", said Treeion.
The school of Perion is just a 20 person houses for high class people.
But all of the schools are now underfunded and only a small numbers of people will be able to learn anything in them.
But for Zora perion, it is next to the Person Badlands, and the Soviet Sydamy.
And things have not cooled down for some time now.
But then, the school boy says, "See you later"...
So Treeion starts the return trip to home.
But once home, she find the waterlord.
"What the, waterlord Kibchu, but why your here, your bill is not pay to next week", said Treeion.
"So, your here, and in time too, as the bills is not the point", said Kibchu.
Then Treeion says, "Look, You cannot take us money right now, we-"
But Kibchu says, "In true, your mom must talk to you, in person".
Then, she mom arrived, in an odd way.
"Mom, mom what happen to you", said Treeion.
"We’ll see, waterlord Kibchu arrive, just to retrain us as slaves, and he a good master to be with, Treeion", said her Mom.
Then Treeion says, "No, mom, why, why are you-".
But Kibchu says, "Oh, not worry, the retraining program is too good to past out".
"Yes master", said her Mom...
Then Treeion says, "No, no?"...
Then, knowing that her mom is 100% brainwash by the waterlord, Treeion run out of the door, and biked out of the town.
"Oh, she gone outside", said her Mom.
"For her, She cannot run away from me, forever", said Kibchu.
But meanwhile, inside the control room at the water factory, as the door open… "The main-Capt of this factory named Mewash says out loud, "Open tank Mir 1 and 4".
"Yes sir, Mir 1 is open at 10%, Mir 4 is now open and ready at your order, anytime", said the 51th worker.
Then Luke enters the room and says, "Mewash, mail call, your mail here".
"Well thank you Luke, but it can wait", said Mewash
"Now, release the sea water", Mewash, says out loud.
"Releasing the sea water to Tank Mir 1 and Mir 4, sir", said the 51th worker.
"Wow that's a lot of water, just how much fresh drinking water will that produce?", said Luke.
"Well just wait and see you’ll be impressed?” said Mewash, 15 minute later.
"Update", said Mewash.
"Tank Mir 1 is now 40% full, sir", said the 51th worker.
"And the other tank", said Mewash.
"Tank Mir 2 at 80% of 55'000 Litres, Tank Mir 3 is 70%, and Tank Mir 4 is now loading from 53%, sir", said the 51th worker.
"Good, caring on", said Mewash.
10 minute later… "Update", said Mewash.
"All Tank are now full at 220'000 Litres sir", said the 51th worker.
"Now it begins, worker, start the system at once", said Mewash.
"Yes sir, time to 100%, 4.05 hours", said the 51th worker.
"With the last load being 4.3 Kilolitres (4319.7 Litres), what's is the final clean water level", said Mewash.
"9'240 Litres, or 9.2 Kilolitres, sir", said the 51th worker.
"Is that it?” said Luke.
"What do you mean is that it? That's the product of all of the hard work for over 30 years", said Mewash.
"And this level is good enough for 15 waterlord needs, said the 51th worker.
"But what about the micro-organisms living in the sea water?", said Luke.
Then Mewash says, "Don't know mat-".
But then Luke says, "What about the delicate balance of the food chain?".
Then Mewash says, "Dunno ma-"
But then Luke says, "What about th-".
But Mewash says, "The water that fail from the sky all upon, mate".
"The what what", said Luke.
"The What what is right, you just ask FEW too many questions for me to say, You've got to believe in our national slogan", said Mewash.
"She'll be right, mate!, right", said Mewash.
"She'll be right, mate!", said all of the Worker.
"Nothing better than a slogan for a bogan, or the worker, keep them focused, keep them out of the bad day, and gives ‘em something to believe in, Luke", said Mewash.
"My top one is, nothing beat a best cold beer, and the best cold beer is SB, Sydamy Better", said the 51th worker.
"and my one is, love cream, but not like ice, well everyone loves ice cream, but no one likes bullied, stop bullied before it’s too late", said Mewash.
"Well, I don't believe it, Is it going to be more than that it already is?” said Luke.
Then Mewash says, "Nah mate, Listen to their peaceful little brains"...
(Crickets chirping sound).
"Is that a Crickets, sir", said the 51th worker.
"As it is, yes, it is, all too rare in their days", said Mewash.
A few second later...
"Well, how's the serenity Luke, in this great yellow and brown land, we love our serenity, don't you", said Mewash.
"I don't know Mewash, sometimes, Mmm, sometimes, this place seems kind of empty, and so my work, and so my hometown, There's gotta be, more out there", said Luke.
"I Wish I knew what you were looking for, mate, I wish, I know", said Mewash.
"Goodbye Mewash", said Luke.
"Goodbye Luke", said Mewash.
A minute later, Luke leaves the factory.
Minutes later, Mewash is inside his office when he starts reading the mail.
"Oh bull, Erika mail me to log in my water report", said Mewash.
As the waterlord report the built, this factory made 46'546.5 litres of water over the last 7 days, But the badlands 2 factories only have 35'627.9 litres to add into the total for 82'174.4 litres.
Only enough for 49.6% of the total numbers of people.
(Crashing paper sound)...
"oh bull, someday, the paperwork is too many for me, worker", said Mewash.
For Mewash, he can only hold it together some days.
But back with Luke, he is biking back to the cargon company, when Luke starts to sing.
SET 1
LUKE: Sometime I think when I look up, real high.
LUKE: that there's such a big world up there.
LUKE: I'd like to give it a try.
LUKE: But then, I sink.
LUKE: cos it's here I'm supposed to stay.
LUKE: but I get so lonely down here.
LUKE: so why it has to be that way.
LUKE: Up there, there is so much green.
LUKE: where water is flowing everywhere?
LUKE: everyone dreams, I can dream too.
LUKE: up there, up there, where the sky’s are ocean blue.
LUKE: I could be safe and live a very good life up thereeee.
SET 2
LUKE: Who say I don't belong.
LUKE: that this world, is real.
LUKE: because of this belief, I'm supposed to stay in my own small ways.
LUKE: But why is it anyway.
LUKE: is that the people can't say.
LUKE: that this world needs the people, that care what happening to it?
LUKE: Up there, there is so much green.
LUKE: where water is flowing everywhere?
LUKE: everyone dreams, I can dream too.
LUKE: up there, up there, where the sky’s are ocean blue.
LUKE: I could be safe and live a very good life.
LUKE: live a very good life up thereeee.
SET 3
LUKE: The waterlord can't stop.
LUKE: the people true call.
LUKE: but I do not see here way, as I'm a good person inside.
LUKE: but one day, thing will change.
LUKE: the world will be change.
LUKE: and when it starts.
LUKE: When it starts, the waterlord will faalllll.
LUKE: Up there, there is so much green.
LUKE: where water is flowing everywhere?.
LUKE: everyone dreams, I can dream too.
LUKE: up there, up there, where the sky’s are ocean blue.
LUKE: I could be safe and live a very good life.
LUKE: live a very good life.
LUKE: if only I could live UP THERE.
LUKE: I WANT TO LIVE.
LUKE: I WANT TO LIVE UP THEREEE, OOOoo.
LUKE: I want to live up thereeeeeee.
As soon as it done, Luke returns to the home route.
So once back at base, Luke is pay 600ml of water, then the worker named Jaguar arrive for a report.
"Hey Luke", said Jaguar.
"Hey Jaguar, you looking for me", said Luke.
"Yes, thank you", said Jaguar.
30 minute later, Luke is able to finish the report.
"So the Waterlords, why is that the Waterlords got to this much power anyway", said Luke.
"Whys that, Luke", said Jaguar.
"Just needing to know this thing", said Luke.
"Well, it starts, when the weather patterns changed and the rains starting to dried up", said Jaguar.
"Well, that will do damage to anyone", said Luke.
"That's right, the people from that time is forced to fight to survive but before the planet Austxin stop caring about us any more, no one cared about Austxin to start with", said Jaguar.
"So this planets stop caring, then what", said Luke.
"Then the drinkable water supplies started to fail, but only when it dried to a point that it now more costly than gold or oil, the waterlord war broke out", said Jaguar.
"That’s 25 years to the day", said Luke.
"But in this land, Perion, it only have 5 waterlord, and only two of them is a interlord, so all 5 waterlord built a non-wars act 25 years ago, that stop the war from this land", said Jaguar.
"And that's only builds from the first gen waterlord, right", said Luke.
"That right, and to this day, the Waterlords is trying to stop another war from destroying what rests of the land", said Jaguar.
"So, that’s all, I hope", said Luke.
"Well, you know the rest's, as Dragoon Fuse call you to a meeting as soon as you arrive", said Jaguar.
"Well, this is something new coming", said Luke.
"Luke, See you", said Jaguar.
"On the other side Jaguar", said Luke.
So Luke goes to the waterlord.

Chapter 2
Then, Luke arrive at the waterlord opt room, when the waterlord named Erika fuse starts to talk, "Hey Luke, you’re on time", said Erika…
"Dragoon Fuse, your call me, said Luke…
"Just Erika thank you", said Erika…
"Ok Erika, Oh, Rex, why she is here for", said Luke…
"So, You nutboy, it's Kenny, Kenny Luke, and also being calls as the red level job", said Kenny.
"Well then, since you two arrive as call, let start your new mission, for starter, you know now that it is 25 years ago that the non-war act is sign, and 9 year since that time Dragoon Ash Fuse died in he’s sleep", said Erika…
"And most of the second gen of Waterlord is able to hold the act together for some of the years", said Kenny.
"Yes, but 5 years ago, Watkal Lugia Armond is kill by unknown people, and Blank become Watkal Blank", said Erika…
"Yes, the sad news is on the newspaper", said Luke.
"And to add oil to the fire, Watkal Blank is a bad one, just a year later, he ban all schools from Sydamy under the slogan, we cannot pay the learning time, to the young any-more, and turn the young into slave in he's factory", said Kenny…
"And 18 month ago, all mail to Blank from the badland is return to sender without being open, so things in that land is starting to fail down", said Erika.
"So what the new mission Dragoon Erika", said Kenny.
"Yes do tell, that is better be usable enough", said Luke.
"Luke, Kenny, your mission, is to find the 3 keys of Perion, and return home without anyone knowing about that", said Erika.
Then Kenny says, "WHAT, oh bugger"…
"You got to be a nut bottle", said Luke.
"Not that all, it Blank do something without the good of the people, the keys will be the badland last hope, in the time that call for it", said Erika.
"Well, Perion is in the same world boat here", said Luke.
"And we cannot stop this mission, right", said Kenny.
"Right, Jaguar is already get he orders to be with your team, and he will go with both of you", said Erika.
"What, but this is nuts, do you think about it more", said Kenny.
"I will do it, but only for myself", said Luke…
Then Kenny says, "Yourself, what about me, it isn't right"…
"Rex, I'm know it please", said Erika.
"It's Kenny, Dragoon Erika", said Kenny.
"Alright then, this mission will starts at sunrise, that is all", said Erika.
And with that, Luke mission begins.
The next day, Luke is ready to go, "Special bike team, on line", said Kenny…
"So where the first key at this point", said Jaguar…
Then Luke says, "Gosford village, with 200 mails to be-"…
But Kenny says, "Well that helps, all of the mail is costly you know"...
"We clear to bike away, and the mission is a go for start", said Jaguar…
"Well then, let's go", said Kenny.
So the team goes to find the 3 key of Perion… Meanwhile, Treeion is resting for the true, as she starts to sing.
SET 1
TREEION: Well there's a mail biker waiting at counter of the mail bay.
TREEION: he's been waiting down there, waiting all day.
TREEION: they never ever see him from the top.
TREEION: he gets pushed around, knocked to the ground.
TREEION: he gets to his feet and he says.
TREEION: What about me? It isn't fair.
TREEION: I've had enough, now I want my share.
TREEION: Can't you see, I want to live.
TREEION: but you just take more than you give.
SET 2
TREEION: Well, there's a biker in the route that a 200km.
TREEION: she's been biking all day.
TREEION: biking for a dream, her dreams walk in and out, they never stop.
TREEION: well, she's not too proud, to cry out loud.
TREEION: she hops off her bike and she screams...
TREEION: What about me? It isn't fair.
TREEION: I've had enough; now I want my share Can't you see.
TREEION: I want to live, but you just take more than you give....
TREEION: More than you give....
A few second later....
SET 3
TREEION: A biker like me cannot go on now.
TREEION: the world cannot do this.
TREEION: we need our world to be, green, again.
TREEION: so help us, as they say's.
TREEION: What about me? It isn't fair.
TREEION: I've had enough; now I want my share Can't you see.
TREEION: I want to live, but you just take more, you just take more, you just take more than you give...
A few second later...
SET 4
TREEION: Take a step back and see the little people.
TREEION: they might be young, but they're the ones that make the big people big.
TREEION: so listen, as they whisper: "what about me?”
TREEION: And now I'm standing on the corner, all the world's gone home.
TREEION: nobody's changed, nobody's been saved, and I'm feeling cold and alone.
TREEION: I guess I'm lucky, I smile a lot, but sometimes I wish for more, than I've got...
SET 5
TREEION: What about me? It isn't fair.
TREEION: I've had enough; now I want my share Can't you see.
TREEION: I want to live, but you just take more.
TREEION: What about me? It isn't fair.
TREEION: I've had enough; now I want my share Can't you see.
TREEION: I want to live, but you just take more, you just take more, you just take more than you give.
TREEION: What about me? What about me?
TREEION: What about, me?
20 minute later, Treeion leave the rest point.
A day later, Treeion arrive at a farm that grows trees for building and fuel.
"Well, good work, but not many pay", said Treeion.
"Good, this is good wood, worker, good work", said the Farmer.
"Why, thank you sir", said the worker.
"Hello", said Treeion.
"Well hello and welcome to the tree farm of, the Zora Perion, seeing for wood or work", said the Framer.
"Work, I being biking for too long, and I need some money to need biking my way", said Treeion.
"Well, the mail code is the only one with good work", said the Framer.
"No, that wil not work", said Treeion...
"the single biker then, alright then, in this town when the next watertrain is running in 6 days time, so you can work here and once the watertrain is here, you can go there", said the Farmer.
"Thank you, thank you so many", said Treeion.
So from day to day, Treeion work hard to make a life.
"Sunrise is here, time to water the trees", said Treeion.
At sunrise, up to 20 people waters the trees for 3 hours with only a 30 minute rest time.
(Bell sound).
"Yes, lunch call", said Treeion.
After lunch, Treeion prep the tree 6 month old tree for building and fuel.
(Bell sound).
"Ending call", said Treeion.
Then, pays 600ml of water, eat, and bed at sunset.
But meanwhile, after 3 day of biking, the team arrive at the first location.
"Well, we here", said Luke.
Then Kenny says, "Yea, and all the mail is-".
But then Jaguar says, "Ooo, not start it Rex".
"The name, is Kenny", said Kenny.
Then, Luke sees something odd.
"Mmm, look at this, an odd code", said Luke.
"That's code you see, is not from this world", said Kenny.
"Well it say, hang on, help is on its side", said Jaguar.
Just then, a door starts to open, and the team see it door opening.
"OK, that's happening" said Jaguar.
"Look, this door, its open", said Luke.
"Well, your data net is ok in my book", said Kenny.
"Well thank you", said Jaguar.
"Yeah, let's go in", said Luke.
"Coming Luke", said Jaguar.
So the team enters in the door.
And once inside, the team found a new code.
"Awe, this code, is, big", said Luke.
"Let's see", said Kenny.
"Well, this code is Ty Luitwl works", said Jaguar.
"Ty the space king", said Kenny.
"But he died 15 years ago, right", said Luke.
"Right, and only Erika knows this code by her dad", said Jaguar.
"You knows it, right", said Kenny.
"Yes, I'm read day to day reports, with this code for 4 year now", said Jaguar.
"So can you, tell the team, this code", said Luke.
After 3 hours, Kenny starts to sing the codes.
SET 1
KENNY: It's all the same.
KENNY: only the names will change.
KENNY: everyday, it seems we're wasting' away.
KENNY: Another place where the faces are so cold.
KENNY: I bike all day, just to get back home.
KENNY: I'm a biker, on a steel bike I ride.
KENNY: I'm wanted, dead or alive.
KENNY:  wanted, dead or alivveee.
SOUND: The door starts to light up.
SET 2
KENNY: Sometime I sleep.
KENNY: sometimes it's not for days.
KENNY: the people I meet.
KENNY: always go their separate ways.
KENNY: sometimes you tell the day.
KENNY: by the mail that you send.
KENNY: and times when you're all alone, all you do is think.
KENNY: I'm a biker, on a steel bike I ride.
KENNY: I'm wanted, dead or alive.
KENNY: wanted, dead or alivveee.
SET 3
KENNY: I walk these streets.
KENNY: a loaded six-string on my back.
KENNY: I play for keeps.
KENNY: because I might not make it back.
KENNY: I had been everywhere.
KENNY: still, I'm standing tall.
KENNY: I've seen a million faces, and I've rocked them all.
KENNY: I'm a biker, on a steel bike I ride.
KENNY: I'm wanted, dead or alivveee.
KENNY: I'm a biker; I got the night on my side.
KENNY: I'm wanted, dead or alivveee.
Only after that, a small door opens showing the first key.
"Done" say Kenny.
"The key, it here, in my hand", said Luke.
"Well, that's good, and it in the teams hand", said Kenny.
"So let go outside, ok", said Jaguar.
Then both Luke and Kenny say, "Right".
So the team goes outside.
And once outside, the team is setting the next route.
"So the next key is", said Luke.
"Dawra Village", said Jaguar.
"And with no mail to go there", said Kenny.
"That is something for a biker", said Jaguar.
"Well then, let's go", said Luke.
So the team leave the location.
But back with Treeion, and after 5 day of work, Treeion is just finish prepping the last tree.
"Well, this wood is very good for your firepit", said Treeion.
"It's, a 3 litres of water type of good wood, you know, you a very good tree seller for a young kids", said Erika.
Then Treeion says, "Why thank you"...
"Thank you", said Erika.
After that sell, Treeion enter the farmer office.
"Hello, you call me", said Treeion.
"Well good, you here, the good news is here too, the next sunrise will get the watertrain, it will be in a town just an hour biking away for a few hours", said the Framer.
"Well, I will starts packing up for it, at once", said Treeion.
"Well then, I understand your move, but you will be missed", said the Framer.
The next sunrise, Treeion is ready to leave the tree farm.
"Well, this is it", said Treeion.
"Yea, it's time, to go on a new route in this life", said the Framer.
"Yes, it is", said Treeion.
"Well then, goodbye Treeion", said the Framer.
"Goodbye", said Treeion.
So, Treeion leave the tree farm.

Chapter 3
2 hours later, Treeion arrive at a waterbank…
"Hello", said Treeion…
"Why?” said Axthia…
Then Cosmo says, "Hey Another bike just arrive"…
"So you a biker, right", said Arew.
"Yes, I being on hold for this hope to go will your watertrain", said Treeion.
"Mmmmm, why", said Arew.
"I looking for something better", said Treeion.
"Well, that 38th biker that ended up on the waterlord enslaving list", said Cosmo.
"Arew, don't", said Axthia.
"What's you name", said Arew.
"It is Treeion", said Treeion.
"Treeion, well then, you’re in the group starting today, so ready yourself to go, we bike in 25 minute", said Arew.
30 minute later, the watertrain leave the town.
5 days later, chaos finds the team.
"Well, how long to the next town", said Luke.
"Another day and no more", said Kenny.
"You being say it, one too many time", said Jaguar…
But then, the team find something odd.
"What's that", said Luke.
"That's a watertrain, only larger water factory can use it", said Kenny.
"But this one is attack by an unknown force's", said Jaguar.
"Well, let's help the watertrain", said Luke.
"Right", said Jaguar.
A few second later, the team arrive help the watertrain.
"Biker watertrain, we are mail biker for Cargon mail, what damage have you taking", said Kenny.
"Hi there, we taking heavy damage, and in need of help, code red", said Tychu.
"Code in play, landing now, and stand by", said Kenny.
And after 2 hours to fixing it, the team shields the watertrain the rests of ways.
But nearby the watertrain, two people named Samantha and Airwn is seeing the watertrain.
"What, the watertrain is moving", said Samantha.
"All shoot, it's a failed, again", said Airwn.
"Not so, the water is now too old for anyone to used", said Samantha.
"Yes, but the poor will use it", said Airwn.
"What, no way in hell, the poor cannot do it", said Samantha.
"Well, your hell is better than this one", said Airwn.
"Nuts", said Samantha.
8 hours later, the team arrive at a small town.
"Well, that a side mission done", said Luke.
"Yes, but 8 of the 12 full tank bikes is not good, and 2 is too damage to go on", said Kenny.
"And a day too late, the water is a total loss", said Tychu.
"Not a nutball, the water is still usable", said Luke.
As Luke take 3 two litres and that in turn, open the water to most of the people.
"Well, that's that then", said Tychu.
An hour later, the team is setting up for the second key.
"Hey Luke, Kenny, Jaguar, thank you", said Tychu.
"You too", said Luke.
"Luke, let's go, we're leaving", said Jaguar.
"Goodbye, Tychu", said Luke.
"Goodbye, Luke", said Tychu.
And then, the team leaves the town for the mission.
The next day, Treeion is able to up her standard, just to be nearby the watertrain…
"Well, this is a bad roads", said Treeion.
"Well all watertrain used the Dirtroad, because it's free and it never fails", said Axthia.
"But you cannot do this to everyone, everyday", said Treeion…
"Sadly, it never changes", said Arew.
"Well it need to change", said Treeion.
"Well, all biker known one thing, life is a Dirtroad, biker", said Cosmo.
"Cosmo, don't do it", said Arew.
A few second after, "Oh nut, here we go again", said Arew.
Then, Cosmo starts to sing.
SET 1
COSMO: Life's like a road that you travel on.
COSMO: When there's one day here and the next day gone.
COSMO: Sometimes you bend and sometimes you stand.
COSMO: Sometimes you turn your back to the wind.
COSMO: There's a world outside every darkened door.
COSMO: Where blues won't haunt you any more.
COSMO: Where brave are free and lovers soar.
COSMO: Come ride with me to the distant shore.
COSMO: We won't hesitate...
COSMO: To break down the garden gate...
COSMO: There's not much time left today.
COSMO: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
COSMO: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
SET 2
COSMO: Through all these cities and all these towns.
COSMO: It's in my blood, and it's all around.
COSMO: I love you now like I loved you then.
COSMO: This is the road, and these are the hands.
COSMO: From Sydamy to those Gosford nights.
COSMO: The Canberra Pass to Perion seas.
COSMO: Knock me down and back up again.
COSMO: You're in my blood; I'm not a lonely man.
COSMO: There's no load I can't hold.
COSMO: A road so rough, this I know.
COSMO: I'll be there when the light comes in.
COSMO: Tell 'em we're survivors.
COSMO: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
COSMO: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
COSMO: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
COSMO: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
COSMO: There was a distance between you and I.
COSMO: A misunderstanding once, But now, we look in the eye.
A few second later.
SET 3
TREEION: there ain’t a load that I can't hold.
TREEION: A road so rough this I know.
TREEION: I'll be there when the light comes in.
TREEION AND COSMO: Tell 'em we're survivors.
COSMO: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
COSMO: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
TREEION: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
TREEION: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
TREEION AND COSMO: Life is a Dirtroad; I wanna ride it, all day long.
TREEION AND COSMO: If you're going my way, I wanna drive it, all day long.
But meanwhile, after a day of biking, the team is arriving at Dawra Village.
"Key two is now in range", said Luke.
"Yes, we are here, but this one is a level higher", said Kenny.
"Look, there's another code here, and with the same match’s", said Jaguar.
"Well, what’s it says", said Luke.
Then Jaguar says, "it says, Scream-ing out for my pride.. Why that's nuts".
Just then, a door starts the door.
"Ok, not so nut after all", said Jaguar in shock.
"Well, here we go again", said Luke.
"That's life for a biker", said Kenny.
So the team enter the door.
Once inside, the team walking for 5 minute, into finding another code…
"Well, this one not the same, only a girl voice can do", said Luke…
"OK", said Kenny…
Then, Kenny starts to sing.
SET 1
KENNY: Hush, just stop....
KENNY: there's nothing you can do or say, baby.
KENNY: I've had enough, I'm not your property as from today, baby.
KENNY: you... might... think that I won't make it, on my own.
KENNY: But now I'm, stronger, than yesterday.
KENNY: now it's nothing but my way.
KENNY: my loneliness ain't killing me no more.
KENNY: I, I'm stronger.
SET 2
KENNY: Than I ever thought that I could be, baby.
KENNY: I used to go with the flow, didn't really care, 'bout me.
KENNY: you- might- think that I can't take it, but you're wrong.
KENNY: cause now I'm stronger, than yesterday.
KENNY: now it's nothing but my way.
KENNY: my loneliness ain't killing me no more.
KENNY: I, I'm stronger.
SET 3
KENNY: Come on, now.
KENNY: Oh, yeah.
KENNY: Here I go, on my own; I don't need nobody, better off alone....
KENNY: here I go on my own.
KENNY: I don't need nobody, not anybody, here I go.
KENNY: Alright.
SET 4
KENNY: Stronger, than yesterday.
KENNY: it nothing but my way, my loneliness ain't killing no more.
KENNY: I'm Stronger, than yesterday.
KENNY: it nothing but my way.
KENNY: my loneliness ain't killing no more.
KENNY: I'm stronger!
Just then, a second door opens…
"Alright, it open", said Luke…
“so let’s go", said Kenny…
So the team goes inside.
And in this room, the team found two codes…
"Well, that's odd", said Luke…
"Two people to read it now, and it a long one", said Jaguar,…
Well then, Luke help me", said Kenny…
"OK", said Luke…
So both Luke and Kenny sing the song.
SET 1
KENNY: We have, the chance to turn the pages over.
LUKE: We can write what we want to write.
LUKE: we gotta make ends meet, before we get much older.
KENNY: We're all someone's daughter
KENNY: we're all someone son.
LUKE: How long can we look at each other.
LUKE: down the biker own ways?
KENNY AND LUKE: You're the voice, try and understand it, make the noise and make it clear, oh oh oohh, woah.
KENNY AND LUKE: We're not gonna sit in silence.
KENNY AND LUKE: we're not gonna live with fear, oh oh ooh woah.
SET 2
KENNY: This time, we know we all can stand together.
LUKE: With the power to be powerful.
LUKE: believing we can make it better.
KENNY: We're all someone's daughter.
KENNY: we're all someone son.
LUKE: How long can we look at each other.
LUKE: down the biker own ways?
KENNY AND LUKE: You're the voice, try and understand it.
KENNY AND LUKE: make the noise and make it clear, oh oh oohh, woah.
SET 3
KENNY AND LUKE: We're not gonna sit in silence.
KENNY AND LUKE: we're not gonna live with fear, oh oh ooh woah.
KENNY AND LUKE: You're the voice, try and understand it.
KENNY AND LUKE: make the noise and make it clear, oh oh oohh, woah.
KENNY AND LUKE: We're not gonna sit in silence.
KENNY AND LUKE: we're not gonna live with fear, oh oh ooh woah.
Once it done. The key door starts opening…
"Yes, The second key, is in this hand", said Luke…
"We won this one", said Kenny…
"Now we can go", said Jaguar.
And once outside, the team begins to set a route…
"So, the Last key is in?” said Luke.
"well it's the hard part, Netmay town", said Kenny.
"Netmay town, so this town in Soviet Sydamy land, right", said Jaguar.
"Yes, and my last report, Soviet Sydamy is now stopping any one from leaving the land without paying too higher exit tax", said Kenny.
"and this is a cover up for the badlands losing people to enslave acts in the outer code", said Jaguar.
"right, so once in there, it with be very hard to get out, it that all", said Kenny.
"Well then, let's go, this mission must be all in, so we're alright in it to the very end", said Luke.
So the team leaves the location.
After two more days, the watertrain arrive with a full load of bottle.
"Well Well Well, you arrive with no overtime used", said the Loader.
"Well, the water load is still full to the maximum", said Arew.
Then once the watertrain doors open...
"What, not one bottle is used", said the Loader in shock.
"Yes, not one bottle is lost", said Arew.
"Well on that note, thank you", said the Loader.
"Your welcome", said Arew.
An hour later, Treeion can now leave the group, "So this land is called the badlands of perion", said Treeion.
"That's it, and with luck, you will find a home to call your own", said Arew.
"Dragoon Erika Fuse rules this land", said Cosmo.
"Yes, but she is not powerful enough to rule it all", said Arew.
"Maybe, but she a good waterlord to give water to the power", said Treeion.
"Well with that, goodbye Treeion, I've miss you", said Cosmo.
"I will miss you, both of you", said Treeion.
And with that, Treeion leave the group to find she new home in this land.
3 days later, Treeion is at a pub for a wood load with a group of tree user.
Then, the team arrives to take the group in.
For Treeion, this is a good way to meet people.
Once the group is ready to go...
The group leaves the pub.
A day later, the group arrive at the underground town door.
Jaguar is able to know the gateman to open the door.
12 minute later, the group arrive in the town, but Luke is seeing 2 odd races here.
Jaguar tells Luke that the race with a tail is called Soshi, but Kenny tell Luke that the race with the bunny ear is called Cynxin.
And this location is a good one to build a special factory that used a Cynxin reactor for water filling and lighting the town.
But then, someone just call out of help.
Kenny and Treeion see the calls as must be done, and goes to the water factory.
An hour later, the team enter the underground town only water factory.
Something damage the filler, and it is in need of repairing, so Kenny do the repairs, and Treeion starts rebuilding a down filler.
For Luke, a 900mL out of 1L is beyond all dreams, and help with rebuilding the water level...
And then, Kenny starts the repairs, but after 3 hours of it, Kenny fined it to be gone, and need rebuilding by removing the destroyed unit and build a new one.
But, the second filler just go inline, before thing can go bad.
Treeion and Luke help set the final steps to return it to work.
"It does will be right mate, but the world is still big enough for a few leftover unknown to be knows", said Luke.
For Luke, he now understands that the world is full with unknown to be find and to know.
An hour later, the team recheck the factory of any damage.
But the tree load is still full to maximum.
For Treeion, she home is find.
After another hour, the town take Treeion in as the new worker.
For Luke, it is done.
A day later, the team is just ready to leave.
Treeion tell the team that this land is changing in unknown but damaging ways.
For the team, it's is only ways to play.
But as the door opens the team leave the town for the next town.
For Treeion, she story end here?
But back home, a battle is in the 3th day.
"Unit B9, report", said Erika.
"It now at 20% of total unit, sir", said B9 Cont.
"Unit A5 is gone sir, unable to be saves", said A5 Cont.
"Erika, unit C2 is standing by, what your order sir", said C2 Cont.
"It’s over, Unit B9, hold the line, no one must go though, no matter what", said Erika.
"Sir Yes sir", said B9 Cont.
"Unit C2, your unit will shield me into I'm out of battle range", said Erika.
"But the other units", said C2 Cont.
"It Kenny team fails, so the world, now do it", said Erika.
"Sir, yes sir", said C2 Cont.
So Erika goes outside.

Chapter 4
Once outside, Erika and unit C2 starts biking out of town.
"Sir, we cannot run away from the battle", said the Caption, "Maybe, but the battle is already over, so we will try to found Kenny".
But then, ten unknown craft arrive by air.
"Sir, look out", said the Caption.
"Oohh", said Erika.
A few second later.
"We now at 72% of total unit", said the Caption.
"We're out of town limits", said Erika.
Then, another hit wave from the air.
"We now down to 45%, Dragoon Erika, we fail you", said the Caption.
"Just push on, this mission will work", said Erika.
After 3 more hit wave.
"Dragoon Erika, the air unit to now returning home, but the unit is just 2% from total loss", said the Caption.
Then Erika says, "Yes, but we wil-".
Just before she can finish, someone shoot sleeping nail to everyone, and fail in to the net.
"Done" say Samantha.
"This will win some point to Watkal Blank", said Airwn.
Then Erika says, "Why"...
Two days after finding the second key, the team is in a small town, staying…
"Good pub, is it", said Luke…
"Well, it's, too low sounds, not since the waterlord wars", said Jaguar…
"Well It not like that another pub, Jaguar", said Luke…
"Hey, it got colour", said Jaguar.
"Right", Kenny only say, a few second later…
"This slave is useless, is cost more two litres bottle than other slave, end this slave life, right now", said the Unknown slave buyer.
"Well this girl must go to blank, you cannot lose her without blank killing you", said the bar owner.
"What, I never do it, he is too many for a Watkal", said the Unknown slave buyer.
"Hey why not I'm take she to blank", said Jaguar, "Ok, it your hip up", said the bar owner.
5 minute later, Jaguar takes a large bag and takes it to camp, "Well, that’s in this bag", said Luke.
"Well it anything, it may be a bad maid", said Jaguar, "Well I going to see it", said Luke.
But, as Luke open the bag, he says, "Why the-", But Kenny says, "Oooh, its Erika".
Then Erika says, "Mmm, Kenny, Luke, Jag...uar".
But Erika fall down in a bad shape, as Jaguar says, "Erika, stand with us, Erika, she holding on”.
10 minute later, Erika is able to wake up, and she is able to eat.
Then Luke says, "Dragoon fuse, sh-".
But Kenny says, "Luke, it not the time to-".
“Rex, Kenny, It's OK, my title is Dragoon is all gone now, gone, forever", said Erika as its the true.
"Maybe, but, your title is your life, so why are you say it", said Kenny.
"Well, it simple, without a water factory, you or anyone can be a waterlord, and any waterlord can enslave an ex-waterlord at any time, anywhere, without an other way to stop it", said Jaguar.
"And the Watkal is now too big to stopping itself now, not any more", said Erika.
"So a big change will make the Watkal fall, for good", said Jaguar.
"Well then, your mission will change, first we have the last key, we must unlock the vault and stop Watkal for the full takeover", said Erika.
"We will do it", said Luke.
"Well then, that's that", said Kenny.
After two day of resetting, the team leave the town with Erika.
A day later, the team arrive at Netmay town.
"See, the last one is here", said Luke.
"And this code is here for an unknown number of years", said Erika.
"And, what this one say", said Luke.
"This rock, hit you like a 6 tons of full water bottles", said Jaguar.
A few seconds later...
"Well, this one fails, right", said Kenny.
"No, another code just show itself", said Erika.
"And it says, Always keep on trying, because it a long way, to the top", said Jaguar.
Just then, the door starts to open.
"Wow, it open, this code is getting harder now", said Luke.
"Alright, let’s do it, once and for all", said Erika.
So the team enter the door.
And once inside, the team found another two code, "Not this one again", said Luke…
"And this door is unable to be move", said Erika…
"Well then, Erika", said Kenny…
"I'm ready", said Erika…
A few second later, both Kenny and Erika starts to sing.
SET 1
KENNY: Once upon a time, not so long ago.
ERIKA: Tommy used to work on the mail.
ERIKA: union's been on strike.
ERIKA: he down on his luck, it's tough.
KENNY: So tough.
ERIKA: Gina works the diner all day.
ERIKA: working for her man.
ERIKA: she bring home her pay, for love.
KENNY: For love.
ERIKA: She says, we've got to hold to what we've got.
KENNY: It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not.
ERIKA AND KENNY: We've got each other and that's a lot for love.
ERIKA AND KENNY: we'll give it a shot.
ERIKA AND KENNY: Woah, we're halfway there.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA AND KENNY: take my hand; we'll make it I swear.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
SET 2
ERIKA: Tommy's got his six-string in hock.
ERIKA: now he's holding in what he used to make it talk, so tough.
KENNY: It's tough.
ERIKA: Gina dreams of running away.
ERIKA: when she cries in the night, Tommy whispers.
ERIKA: baby its okay.
KENNY: Someday.
ERIKA: She says, we've got to hold to what we've got.
KENNY: It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not.
ERIKA AND KENNY: We've got each other and that's a lot for love.
ERIKA AND KENNY: we'll give it a shot.
ERIKA AND KENNY: Woah, we're halfway there.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA AND KENNY: take my hand; we'll make it I swear.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA: Livin' on a prayer.
A few second later...
SET 3
KENNY: Oh, we've got to hold on, ready or not.
ERIKA: You live for the fight when it's all that you've got.
ERIKA AND KENNY: Woah, we're halfway there.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA AND KENNY: take my hand; we'll make it I swear.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA AND KENNY: Woah, we're halfway there.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA AND KENNY: take my hand; we'll make it I swear.
ERIKA AND KENNY: woah, livin' on a prayer.
ERIKA: Livin' on a prayer.
Only after the team finishing this song, the door starts to open…
"Yes, it open", said Luke…
"Let's walk on, team", said Jaguar…
"Oh yes", said Luke.
So the team leave this door for the next door.
10 minute of walking later, the team find another code with a big door…
"So this one is hard", said Luke…
"But this one is good enough for me", said Jaguar"…
Just then, Jaguar starts to sing.
SET 1
JAGUAR: I wake up in the morning' and I raise my weary head.
JAGUAR: I got an old coat for a pillow, and the Austxin was last night's bed.
JAGUAR: I don't know where I'm going'.
JAGUAR: only god knows where I've been.
JAGUAR: I'm a biker on the run, a six gun lover.
JAGUAR: a candle in the wind, yeah.
5 second later...
SET 2
JAGUAR: You're brought into this world.
JAGUAR: but they say you're born in sin.
JAGUAR: well at least they're given me something.
JAGUAR: I didn't have to have to win.
JAGUAR: Well, they tell me that I'm wanted.
JAGUAR: yeah I'm a wanted man; I'm colt in your stable.
JAGUAR: Misters catch me if you can.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: take me now but know the truth.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: lord I never drew first but I drew first blood.
JAGUAR: I'm no one's son, call me young gun.
SET 3
JAGUAR: You ask about my conscience.
JAGUAR: and I offer you my soul.
JAGUAR: you ask if I'll grow to be a wise man.
JAGUAR: well I ask if I'll grow old.
JAGUAR: you ask me if I've known love and what it's like to sing songs in the rain.
JAGUAR: well, I've seen love come, and I've seen it shot down.
JAGUAR: I've seen it die in vain.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: take me now but know the truth.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: lord I never drew first but I drew first blood.
JAGUAR: I'm the devil's son, call me young gun.
A few second later...
SET 4
JAGUAR: Each night I go to bad.
JAGUAR: I pray the lord my soul to keep.
JAGUAR: no I ain't looking for forgiveness.
JAGUAR: but before I'm six foot deep.
JAGUAR: lord, I got to ask a favor.
JAGUAR: and hope you'll understand.
JAGUAR: 'cause I've lived life to the fullest.
JAGUAR: let this boy die like a man.
JAGUAR: staring down a bullet let me make my final stand.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: take me now but know the truth.
JAGUAR: I'm going' down in a blaze of glory.
JAGUAR: Lord, I never drew first but, I drew first blood.
JAGUAR: I'm no one's son, call me young gun.
JAGUAR: I'm the young gun, young gun.
JAGUAR: yea eee yea young gguuunnn.
Only after Jaguar singing, the door is opening…
"Yes we done it", said Erika…
"Luke, you’re up, give it your all", said Jaguar…
"Right", said Luke…
so Luke enters inside the key room.
And once inside, the last key door is in the team view, but one code still needs to be crash, but…
"What, its damage", said Luke, "That, look at your heart", said Jaguar…
"Alright, I'm doing it", said Luke…
"Well, this is it", "Wow, your world is blowing' down the line", said Erika…
Just then, Luke sings a song that echo around the room.
SET 1
LUKE: Out here nothing' changes, not in a hurry anyway.
LUKE: you can feel the endlessness.
LUKE: with the coming of the light of day
LUKE: you're talking' bout a chosen place.
LUKE: you wanna sell it in a market place well.
(Water starts to drops).
LUKE: well just a minute now.
(Water drops are getting louder).
LUKE: You're standin'on, solid rock.
LUKE: sandin'on, sacred ground.
LUKE: living on borrowed time, and the winds of change.
LUKE: are blowing' down the line.
(The water drops become the waterfall).
LUKE: Right down the line.
SET 2
LUKE: Well round about the dawn of time.
LUKE: when the dreaming all began.
LUKE: a crowd of people came.
LUKE: well they were looking for their promised land.
LUKE: running from a heart of darkness.
LUKE: searching for the heart of light.
A few second later...
LUKE: Well it was their paradise.
a few second later...
LUKE: But they were standin'on, solid rock.
LUKE: sandin'on, sacred ground.
LUKE: livin' on borrowed time, and the winds of change.
LUKE: Were blowing' cold that night.
A few second later...
SET 3
LUKE: They were standing on the shore one day.
LUKE: saw the white sails in the sun.
LUKE: wasn't long before they felt the sting.
LUKE: white man, white law, white gun.
LUKE: yeah well someone lied.
LUKE: Don't tell me that it's justified.
LUKE: cause somewhere, someone lied
LUKE: someone lied, genocide.
LUKE: Well someone lied.
LUKE: oh, ahh.
LUKE: And now you're standin'on, solid rock.
LUKE: sandin'on, sacred ground.
LUKE: livin' on borrowed time, and the winds of change.
LUKE: are blowing' down the line.
LUKE: You're standin'on, solid rock.
LUKE: sandin'on, sacred ground.
LUKE: livin' on borrowed time, and the winds of change.
LUKE: are blowing' down the line.
Just then, the key door open, and the last key show itself…
"Awe", said Luke…
And once Luke takes the key…
"Yes, we done it, the last key, is in my hand", said Luke.
"And this that, part one is now done", said Jaguar…
"Yes, now the real work, will begin", said Erika.
Only when the team is outside, the team starts setting up a new route.
Then Luke says, "So the next one is"...
Then Erika says, "Sydamy city".
"Why there", said Luke.
"Why, because only one water factory got a vault, that vault is can only open with the 3 keys", said Erika.
"And that stores a special item that control the weather", said Jaguar.
"But its still turn on", said Kenny.
"And it's cannot be turn off", said Jaguar.
"At most, we still got something to start", said Erika.
"Well that, let's go", said Luke.
So the team leave the location.
But, in one small village, just inside the pub, someone enters the pub, with an evil move.
"Make way, Make way for Watkal Blank of Soviet Sydamy", said Unit Z0B1A.
Then Blank enters the Pub and says, "Hello, falling unit, as from today this village is going to work at a new factory, and the young got the job".
Then the pub owner says out loud, "WHAT"...
"That's right, all of the villages must, and will work with no buts’, no pay, and no bull", said Blank.
"As water is the lifeline of the people, we need more water, now than ever before", said Blank.
"But without power, we will be gone, so I'm starting a new project call the water reactor project to make power to make the water that we need right now", said Blank.
"So with that, unit Z0B1A, starts it up, time is too costly", said Blank.
Then Unit Z0B1A says, "Do it"...
Then, the village is taking over by the slave trainers.
By the time the team arrive, it is too late, as the village is now without its people…
Then Luke says, "Oh nutball, Jaguar, the town, is"...
And then Jaguar says, "Done, but how, how".
"By Blank, Erika found the bank owner and 20 others, in the bank vault", said Kenny.
Then Luke says, "Blank, the Watkal"...
But then, Erika says, "So, it started".
"With why", said Luke?
"With a ban project that starts, a year before the waterlord war", said Erika.
"When the world is a change one", said Erika.
"but a waterlord in this land used a weather unit to rebuild the clouds, only to find that, it's add only more heat than needed", said Erika.
"So the 5 Waterlords of perion call a meeting of E-Level setting", said Erika.
"For 7 days, the Waterlords try to find something to reset the unit", said Erika…
"But it is too late to reset it, as the computer crash and will not work anyone, so a builder made a special vault to stop the weather unit for add more heat to Austxin".
"But one project called the water reactor only started when the other power supply is not able to keep making water at mega litlre", said Erika…
"But 5 years later, the project is ban after the reactor is salt rusted and explosion".
"52 people died, and 5'000+people is salt poison", said Erika, "but ten years later, the unit started to change the world, slow but not unseen".
"But no waterlord can unlock the vault, because of design", said Erika.
"The codes for starts", said Luke.
"That cannot be used in anyone lifestyle", said Jaguar.
"Well this code is a Lang called Soshi, only one waterlord use this code in his lifestyle", said Erika, "And all the keys is too far away for any waterlord to just take it", said Erika.
"So sending 3 people is the only option", said Luke.
"And that's for a reason", said Jaguar.
"Yes, it the only way to do it, the only way to save the world", said Erika.
3 hours later, the team leave the lost village.

Chapter 5
5 days later, the team arrive in Sydamy city…
"So, this is sydamy city, it's not working for me", said Luke…
Then Jaguar says, "No lie, this city is"…
But Kenny says, "A junk bin"…
"Not that, a pit of fails", said Erika…
"And only the riches see this city, home", said Jaguar…
"Let's hope that we can make it", said Kenny.
So the team goes to a water factory that is an inter-water.
After a day of biking, the team arrive at the Misty water factory.
"Yeah, worker Agkal, is good to see you again", said Erika.
"Waterlord Fuse, so this is an odd changes", said Agkal.
"Agkal, this is an odd way to see you", said Jaguar.
"Well I'm be, Jaguar", said Agkal.
"I'm... Be", said Kenny.
"Well, when lord Ketchum will arrive", said Luke.
"Well, she not able to leave the water factory", said Agkal.
"Well that is a bad time", said Kenny.
"I'm need to see the lord at once", said Erika.
"OK, come this way", said Agkal.
So the team enter the factory.
Once inside, the team arrive at misty waterlord room, Then Misty says, "Erika, you here, but you-"
But Erika says, "Almost become slaves, it not for my team that save me".
"And this team still got the 3 keys", said Luke.
"So, where the vault", said Jaguar.
Then Kenny says, "The Watkal is-".
But then Misty says, "Yes, I know that one".
"So, Watkal plan is started", said Luke.
"That’s right, and it only time before this factory is takeover", said Misty.
"So, we must end the mission now", said Erika.
"OK, it ends tonight, and only tonight", said Misty.
Once the sun sets, the team arrive at the outer room…
"Now, Jaguar, you and your team must be together, in order for it to work", said Misty…
"Now that is deep waters", said Luke…
"That's right, Erika I need you", said Misty…
"You always will", said Erika.
So then, Misty and Erika start to sing.
SET 1
MISTY: In the dusty basement where we met.
ERIKA: May you surprised so much, because you're talking now.
MISTY: I gotta find truth from many fights but I'm all alone.
MISTY: you're the only one who can help me out, we'll be as one.
ERIKA: We'll ready to fight look over there.
MISTY: They try to kill us for stars.
ERIKA: Our bond has got much stronger than before.
MISTY AND ERIKA: Don't lose your way in your mind.
MISTY AND ERIKA: we have to be as one.
MISTY AND ERIKA: don't be afraid, my sweet heart.
MISTY AND ERIKA: this is the way to be more strong.
MISTY AND ERIKA: harbor my deep secret, it makes me so blue.
MISTY AND ERIKA: run through this game before my body is dry.
A few second later...
SET 2
ERIKA: So it seems there’s no other choice but to go all out, stay with me and let's stand out.
MISTY: And out shine those trying to get out stars now, all we have to do.
MISTY: is figure out how strong we are and what it takes to stay alive.
MISTY: sync and learn what we can do to take ‘em down.
MISTY: it's revenge and survive for now, we know in part.
MISTY: and you can feel my heart so.
ERIKA: help me to stay focused so.
ERIKA: I don't fall apart I wanna be complete.
ERIKA: It's not in me to retreat.
ERIKA: I could lose on my own so I really you with me.
MISTY: I gotta find out who killed my dad.
MISTY: I hear the voice of you in my mind.
MISTY: I gotta find out who killed my dad.
MISTY: I hear the voice of you in my mind so.
ERIKA: My blood is pumping.
ERIKA: I'm ready to fight when you are.
ERIKA: let's no one break the bond that is ours.
ERIKA: show them what it means to be a shining star.
ERIKA: you have my body.
ERIKA: let's fight as one.
MISTY: Can't move my feet, in the dark.
MISTY: don't wanna be, all alone.
MISTY: can't feel the heat, in my blood.
MISTY: do you remember, what he said.
MISTY AND ERIKA: Don't lose your way in your mind.
MISTY AND ERIKA: we have to be as one.
MISTY AND ERIKA: don't be afraid my sweet heart.
MISTY AND ERIKA: this is the way to be more strong.
MISTY AND ERIKA: harbor my deep secret, it makes me so blue.
MISTY AND ERIKA: run through this game before my body is dry.
Only once the two people finish singing, the door starts to open up.
"Alright, Jaguar, Kenny, Luke, you’re up, and make it count", said Erika.
"Right going in", said Luke.
So Jaguar, Kenny and Luke enter in to the room.
And once inside, the team sees the vault…
"It's time", said Jaguar…
"For people power", said Kenny…
"To unlock the vault", said Luke…
So Jaguar, Kenny, and Luke start to sing.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: Well you ask me’ bout the clothes I wear.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: and you ask me why I grow my hair.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: and you ask me why I'm a band.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: I dig doing' one night stands.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: and you want to see me do my thing.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: all you gotta do is plug me into high.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: I said high.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: High, voltage, rock "n' roll.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: High, voltage, rock "n' roll.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: High, voltage, High, voltage.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND LUKE: High, voltage, rock "n' roll.
Just then, the vault starts to open, and show the weather unit…
"Well, that's the unit", said Erika.
"So, let's end it, once and forever", said Luke.
Once the bomb is set, the team goes to the watertank.
"Agkal, do it", said Misty.
"Going boom", said Agkal.
(Boom sound).
Only once the rust is clear, the team see into the vault.
"Yes, it destroyed", said Jaguar.
"As lasts", said Agkal.
"Yes, we win", said Luke.
(Thunder sound).
"Mmm, thunder", said Erika.
And as the team party the night, the world starts to change forever.
For Blank, the team's moves are a total lose, and with no hope left, Blank starts to sing.
(Thunder sound).
SET 1
BLANK: No.
BLANK: I fail.
BLANK: I was caught, in the middle of a railroad track...
BLANK: I looked round, and I know there was no turning back.
BLANK: My mind raced, and I thought what I could do...
BLANK: And I know, there were no help, no help from you.
BLANK: Sound of the drums...
BLANK: Beating in my heart...
BLANK: The thunder of guns...
BLANK: Tore me apart.... You've been, thunderstruck.
(Thunder sound).
SET 2
BLANK: Rode down the highway, broke the limit, we hit the town...
BLANK: Went through to Texas, yeah Texas, and we had some fun...
BLANK: We met some girls, some dancers who gave a good time.
BLANK: Broke all the rules, played all the fools, yeah yeah they, they, they blew our minds.
BLANK: And I was shaking at the knees...
BLANK: Could I come again please...?
BLANK: Yeah them ladies were too kind.
BLANK: You've been, thunderstruck.
(Thunder sound).
BLANK: You've been, thunderstruck.
BLANK: I was shaking at the knees...
BLANK: Could I come again please?
(Thunder sound at 3 times).
SET 3
BLANK: thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: yeah, it's alright.
BLANK: we're doing' fine.
BLANK: it's alright, we're doing' fine, fine, fine, thunderstruck, yeah, yeah, yeah.
BLANK: thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: you've been, thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: thunderstruck, thunderstruck.
BLANK: you're been thun-der-struck.
(Big Thunder sound).
"Ooo Watkal" said Samantha and Airwn, as the CAP-T the no more after that...
7 days on the return route.
"Well, Watkal blank is out of the waterlord power, and out of the water works", said Erika.
"Well good junk day for blank", said Kenny.
"So what will be of the waterlord now", said Jaguar.
"So I can say that the good ones will go on to rebuilding a new world, but the evil one will but cut away of its power", said Erika.
"Well I'm will be returning to the mail runs, a working class boy still got bills to pay", said Luke.
"After today, Luke, you’re now, a working class man", said Erika.
So the team bikes to the sun sets, as this world will now ends.
A year later, the world is now greener and water is now flowing to the sea.
And as the team sings, the world is now, more open than ever.
SET 1
LUKE: Working hard to make a living.
LUKE: bringing shelter from the rain.
LUKE: a father’s son left to carry on, blue denim in his vein.
LUKE: oh oh oh, he's a working class man.
SET 2
KENNY: Well he's a steel town disciple.
KENNY: he's a legend of his kind.
KENNY: he's running like a cyclone, across the wild mid western sky.
KENNY: oh oh oh he's a working class man.
SET 3
JAGUAR: He believes in god and Elvis.
JAGUAR: he gets out when he can.
AGKAL: He did his time in the factory, still mad at uncle Sam.
JAGUAR AND AGKAL: He's a simple man with a heart of gold, in a complicated land.
MISTY: Oh, he's a working class man.
MISTY: Oh, he's a working class man.
SET 4
ERIKA: Well he loves a little woman.
ERIKA: someday he'll make his wife.
ERIKA: saving all the overtime for the one love of his life.
MISTY: He ain't worried about tomorrow.
MISTY: cause he just made up his mind.
MISTY: life's too short for burning bridges.
LUKE: Take it one day at a time.
LUKE: oh oh oh he's a working class man.
LUKE: oh oh oh, he's a working class man.
LUKE: Oh yeah, yes he is...
LUKE: Well he's a working class man, oh, ma ma...
LUKE: I tell you he's a working class man.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: Yes he is.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: I wanna tell you he's a working class man.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: ma ma ma.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: I got to tell you he's a working class man.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man...
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: I tell you he's a working class man.
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man...
JAGUAR, KENNY AND ERIKA: Working class, working class man.
LUKE: I tell you he's a working class man.
The end.

Scene 5
After telling We Can't Be Austxin, the kids is singing up there for Laps.
Seanchu is unable to tell any more movies after that tocycle.
For Seanchu, Soulchu find a very good movie, one that fills a room with a good set of ideas.
After 2 laps, Seanchu is able to leave Sydberra city for the hunt to find good movie once more.
Soulchu is sorry about it, but Seanchu tell Soulchu that Ad always out there, but the good one is when Ad found you and you see it through to the end of it.
And this that, Seanchu leave Soulchu and Sydberra city to see the world full of good movies...
And that a good life to Seanchu...
The true end…

the Story of the EMT
By Sean L
Please see the work as a special one, due to the extra work it will make to sync it…
Prologue
it starts, in the planet called Aurao, and in the land of Nalee...
this land is powered by a magical fuel called Ashnuim, a stone type power source, that powered the fire pits, air trains, mops and wands in this land, and in this planet...
most people never used the full power of the power source, but in a small port town called Zivid, some mop drivers, only land here for business, and Air train for everyone…
“well this air train is poor and junk”, said a young mop driver named Virchu Litlau…
“let’s hope that we found that mop driver girl, Unit EMT”, said Virchu…
meanwhile the gate police is checking the mop drivers that landed in this zone for the Unit name, and jobs…
but two Mop driver landed outside the check zone, without anyone knowing about it, but one mop driver is without a unit name, without a job, and don't got enough power to land at a better town, for anyone, this one, is not, in a unit…
as this story, is about why this mop driver found a Unit, and be the Member of it, but who, and what happens after it…
now that is one to tell…
an hour later, Virchu is checking the police core for a female, but no one will care about Virchu mission, and tell her to get out…
Virchu is mad about the police core being too light on this, but Virchu is more set on the mission to found her...
an hour later...
"what, this magic shop is the only one here", said the mop driver...
"yea, it is that point, after all, we are the Ashnuim saving people, so most Mop Drivers just go somewhere else for a better type", said the shop owner...
"oh Ashnuim", said the mop driver...
as the mop driver is alone, and by the code of rules, the mop driver must be in a business, or in a 7 people team called, units, and the mop used Ashnuim for fuel...
"oh yes, you got 3 grams of Ashnuim", said the mop driver...
"yes but no unit code, no Ashnuim, and no rights to buy my items", said the shop owner...
""hold for 5 Seconds, because this law, is real for a reason""...
"look, I need the Ashnuim, I'm will buy $20, or $50 for it", said the mop driver...
"I'am sorry, but $2’000 is a standard 3 grams of Ashnuim, so please leave, or a police core will end your rights", said the shop owner...
after 8 seconds, the mop driver is forced to leave without buying the fuel…

Chapter 1
sometime later, at the town hall...
the mop driver is in the bad mood...
"men, without more Ashnuim, I got just 5 grams, enough for a 50 kilometres drive and no more", said the mop driver...
"that person is not a good owner to kick people out like this", said the mop driver…
“and this standard wand that I find in a bin, just will not help me after a minute of battle”, said the mop driver…
but then...
"HEY, unit driver", someone says...
"unit driver", said the mop driver...
as the mop driver see a group of girls is loving the unit driver, a mop driver that got some good looks...
20 seconds later...
"well this person is just a write off", said the mop driver, "and he is-"...
but then, something happens to the mop driver...
"what, what is happening, why my heart started to go wild, but how", said the mop driver...
"hey girls", said the unit driver...
"he, he looks at me, but why, why my heart is calling out to him, is he, is he, my men type", said the mop driver, "I know I'm a girl, and girls must obey the men, a men that command a girls"...
"now, the order", said the mop unit driver...
"girls, come to my ship, and party your life away", said the unit driver as he leaves the hall...
"yes, master unit driver, we will come, and party away, like we just don't care", said the group of girls...
"yes, master unit driver, I will", said the mop driver before...
""Sound: clock belling"""...
"what, am I, doing,""shock for 3 seconds"", oh my god, I must find some food, and fast", said the mop driver, as the time clock save her life, by telling her about a meal call, and leaves the hall, running to a cafe…
“now that is an odd mop driver”, the group of girls says…
an hour later, the mop driver is in the cafe...
"men, that is a bad person, to be mind control like that, it is just too big to be stop now", said the mop driver…
“he must have a special ring that turn girls into lovers, I must find a way to keep it at bay”, said the mop driver…
“still at least, the food is up to my standard, for a $15 meal", said the mop driver…
“and I only got $300 left, just enough to take the air train to the next town, and away from that Mop Drivers that is hunting for me”, said the mop driver, “but this food is so good, that a poor mop driver will eat it”…
"yeah but a mop driver must pay $100 for good food, this is not good for you", said a 15 years old mop driver...
the mop driver is still eating as it happen, and become shock enough, that she still has food in her claw...
"hey owner, a $300 order for the mop driver please", said a 9 years old mop driver…
“and give her more food, this is not enough for this mop driver”, said Virchu...
"wait, I can't pay it", said the mop driver…
“that is okay, we got food cards”, said the 15 years old mop driver…
“but your food cards are now out of date”, said Virchu...
“hey this mop driver will pay you”, the owner says happily…
“but I-”, said the mop driver, before the owner says, “you order, is now, so pay now”…
So, oh gods, she is UN-ABLE, to stop the food order...
55 minutes later, "mate, I know the two mop drivers that is eating with that guy... the 15 years old kid, is Dechu... and the 9 years old kid, is Seachu... and both are in a unit that eats too much food, and it is called, Unit-22...03...04...Emergency Mission Team", someone says...
"you mean Unit EMT, of Team Dragoon of Babylon Anchorage, this Unit is too out of control", someone else says…
“and this girl, is a team Mir Emergency Air unit solo Driver, Virchu Litlau”, someone says…
“well she is a 13 year old mop Driver that enter the team as a worker”, someone else says...
“and, what a mess, this guy is only eaten the $15 meal, and he is shock”, someone says…
“is it the mess”, someone else says…
"my, my money, it is, GONE NOW", said the mop driver...
"oh no, the unit just did it once again", everyone says as she don't got the point of the mop driver standard by them...
"why is your idea your fool, that's too much food for one unit", said the mop driver...
"no, it is a standard size meal to a mop driver", said Seachu...
"but my money is gone now, and now I must find some work", said the mop driver...
"men, the last mission is too big", said Dechu...
"it is a bad life", said Seachu…
“a new job will wash the mission away, but most drivers never wash them own hands”, said Virchu...
"hey, why most mop drivers is not at the standard code there day", said the mop driver...
"it must be because of the bad times, and poor jobs", said Seachu...
"but this, this is not one of them", said the mop driver...
"but what about being free, free from a family life that never works out", said Dechu...
"well, sometimes", said the mop driver...
"hey, before you leave, take this, it is a lost and found job, for Bonnie, lost about 3 days ago, the payout is 20 food cards, the $100 type, and 100 Grams of Ashnuim", said Dechu...
"I'm going to take your word for it, but only for the Ashnuims, good day Mop Drivers", said the mop driver, as she leaves the cafe, out of money to even leave the town…
an hour later, Virchu is able to find only small info…
Virchu is not going to find Bonnie here...
but, a lost and found job is send, by a team that will not stop from anything…
it is just named Mirchu, and this one got a pro mop…
but Virchu is able to see poor job data as a bad one that got send without a team clubs check call…
so she will take the sheet that the data is in, and return to the search…
but this person will be found…
and join a team...
meanwhile, in a high class park, a young girl that is in the group of girls, is still under the Unit Driver own words...
"my life is useless, my life belong to master-", said the young girl, but then...
"Pico", said a young men...
she turn right, and before she can react, he kiss the girl...
and at that point on, the girl love for the Unit Driver, is replace for the young men...
"Pico, will you be my wife", said the young men...
"I do", she says…
once the odd ring is on her, she started to dance her old life away, and after enough time, she understand that this ring is too magical to wear it without add more pain, so she remove it, and says, "My fair husband, this ring will not do, but this ring will do, and I got two of them"...
"be my wife, to death may will part us", said the young men...
"my life, my family name, is your, to command, my husband", said the young girl...
as she is a rich one, or high class, and this is the best way to a young men, most bonding for the high class, is more forceful than willing...
but this men is able to hear her heart, and know unit drivers plan, and forced him to act, before it is too late...
but, one thing can be said...
"a Mop Driver, here", said the young girl...
"don't you worry my wife, the police core will take him away, so let's go home", said the young men...
"yes my husband", said the young girl, as the two people leaves the park...
and that one thing, is that all mop drivers must never enter the high class zone, it is a knew truth that the high class sees the mop driver as loser...
but she is only able to think in place's with a low sound zone...
and she is looking at the data books, for Bonnie...
"yes, I got it, Bonnie, she is a team specialist, and head of the unit", said the mop driver...
"the units name is unit 22...03...03... Bonnie Aircorp, and the team that owns this unit, is called Team Dragoon", said the mop driver…
“Team Dragoon, it is a small team, but it is a hard working one at that”, said the mop driver...
"and unit EMT is one of them, unlucky me, I mean the two mop driver need an officer to keep the unit in check, and sooner", said the mop driver…
“I mean, the food that the two people are eating, is way too much”, said the mop driver…
"but, Bonnie Aircorp is the best unit in the team", said the mop driver...
"it is 3 years old, have 4 strong people, goes on a Mission every 3 to 6 weeks, and by the date of the book, only seen 11 Emergency Missions", said the mop driver...
"I wish, I can meet her", said the mop driver…
“so I can be the best specialist, that no one can take away from my life, and a good life to boot”, said the mop driver...
"so a mop driver is going to found me, well that's an odd one, to be saying it", said a mop driver named Bonnie…
“what the-”, said the Mop Driver…
“so you must be a mop driver to be flying in a mop”, said Bonnie…
“what, its Bonnie, but she is not herself”, said the mop driver as she stands her place of battle…
"no wait, this odd magic, is on her, and controlling her", said the mop driver...
"so do you want me to be your wife", said Bonnie...
"what, what are you talking about", said the mop driver...
"come on, show your, CONTROL", said Bonnie as she attack the mop driver to take the mop driver minds…
she Use’s her wand that use water as the attack spell...
but the mop driver use the standard wand that use base spells…
“magic spell, base Air bolt”, said the mop driver…
“now”, said Bonnie…
“what, she runaway, all well, at least this wand is done, but”, said the mop driver, before…
“magic spell, water lockdown”, said Bonnie…
as she lockdown the mop driver, and stop her from running away...
“well let’s see your face”, said Bonnie, as she is able to remove the hood that she is wearing, and Bonnie see the face of the mop driver…
“what, your not a men”, said Bonnie…
“I never say it, but I will not be your wife”, said the mop driver...
"well then, you will be a good wife to the unit driver, Tychip", said Bonnie...
"what, how did you-", said the mop driver, in shock about her name being tell…
that name, is Tychip, but by then, it is too late, as she now wears the ring, the same ring that chain the young girl to the young men to be his wife...
"so my, it is clear that this ring is working now, it is called the enslaving ring, a rare magic ring that only the high class can use it”, said Bonnie…
“why, why are you, doing this, my love”, said Tychip…
“well I just turn a head of the police core, into a princess of a big hotel, and you are my maid, one that will do anything that I and the unit driver says, so do you obey”, said Bonnie...
"yes, my love, I will be your wife, and will follow", said Tychip…
"well then, come with me, to your husband, master unit driver, the party will clean your past away", said Bonnie...
"my past, is lock, but I will come, for you, and no one else", said Tychip...
"OK, we will go to master unit driver then", said Bonnie…
“yes, miss Bonnie”, said Tychip...
so Bonnie and Tychip leave the park, but chaos will just be a refuel call away…
and as the sun sets, unit EMT is able to find the sound link zone…
“Seachu, Virchu, did you found any data about her location”, said Dechu…
“nothing Dechu, the town is just not able to help us”, said Seachu…
“well I got a lost and found job about a person called Mirchu, but it needed a review, and Bonnie is not in this town”, said Virchu…
“well, this is now getting way too long for this”, said Dechu…
“”sound: clock belling””...
"well, times out Dechu", said Seachu…
“yea, it is time to call it, Bonnie is gone now, and the Aircorp must be restart too”, said Virchu...
"well then HQ must be tell about this, now", said Dechu…
“well this Sound link will work”, said Seachu...
team Dragoon HQ is in an Anchorage called Babylon Anchorage...
under set 22, 5 small islands is just called Babylon island number 1, to Babylon island number 5...
and lock 03 is Babylon island number 3, that a team organization made the island a units only island...
""sound link phone belling"" (4 seconds)...
""phone belling stop""...
"this is team Dragoon, and my name is Romto, we are ready to take-", said the head officer called Romto...
"Romto, it is Dechu, calling to report", said Dechu...
"go ahead, unit EMT", said Romto...
"after 3 days of Searching, Bonnie is still not found", said Dechu...
"and we got enough Ashnuim to make it home, but not another Search zone", said Seachu…
“so we are calling in, to say, the mission will be shut down”, said Virchu…
“so what is your call”, said Dechu…
"well, we got no more options out there, RTB unit EMT and Virchu, I see you when you get back", said Romto…
“”RTB= Return To Base, or Return To Home””...
"Roger, Dechu, unit EMT, signing off", said Dechu…
"well that just ended badly", said Seachu…
“well, returning home may do us some good”, said Dechu…
“well, I going to buy some food and go home, see you later, unit EMT”, said Virchu as she leaves the unit alone…
“see you later, Virchu”, said Seachu...
some time later...
"hey, that ship, yes it is ID to be take down", said Seachu...
"well yes, this ship is doom to be attack and with enough fuel and food cards, we will made the next mission possible", said Dechu...
"well let do it", said Seachu...
"right", said Dechu…
but on this ship, inside the dance door…
“wow, the girls are dancing away, like no one cares”, said Tychip…
“yes Tychip, Unit driver is turning girls, into wife’s for other masters, and no one else can hear it, if your outside the ship grounds”, said Bonnie…
“hey, why not I be you own wife, and being a good one for you”, said Tychip…
“I fear, I already become a wife to the unit driver, to sell my looks, to any men with bad hearts”, said Bonnie…
“so you, never going back to your unit”, said Tychip…
“come, master unit driver is not one to be late on”, said Bonnie…
3 minutes later, the unit driver is able to turn a young girl into a wife for a high class, well, fools…
“so you see, your new life, is to obey this young men, as a wife of the family business”, said the unit driver…
“yes, unit driver, I ready to obey, my husband”, said the young girl…
“come, we leave now”, said the young men…
“yes, my husband”, said the young girl…
“”door open and close””…
“gods, that girl is too big of the job, but it is worth the money”, said the unit driver…
""door ticking""…
"come in", said the unit driver...
""door opening""...
"Bonnie, so the men is a no show, now that's a failed, Bonnie", said the unit driver...
"I so sorry my husband, but I got a girl, that is a mop driver", said Bonnie...
"now that is something, show her in Bonnie", said the unit driver...
"Tychip, enter", said Bonnie, as Tychip enters the room...
"hey, this girl, is a special one, she is a princess", said the one of the 3 other people...
"a princess, well your life will change for the better, so drink your fill, wash your life away, and obey your family", said the unit driver…
“why thank you for the drink, but my life is already wash away”, said Tychip…
then drink the cup of Hor-wine, and it only made her more open, to be just Bonnie's wife...
“what is, she, she drink it, like it is nothing”, said one of the 3 other people…
“this, is going to be hell”, said the unit driver…
20 minutes later, in the skys, Dechu is able to see the boat...
"ready Dechu", said Seachu...
"let's do this", said Dechu...
but back on the ship, the unit driver is now seeing Tychip very odd mood...
"OK what is your failed here, I mean-", said the unit driver...
"well, I lost my Mom when I was 10, about 6 years ago", said Tychip…
“so, your 16, but princess never leaves the family, and your happy about this failed”, said the unit driver…
“but sadly, my life, is nothing to my family, I have no-”, said Tychip...
"Princess Tychip Mirchu, your failed is being a mop driver, and walking away from your family business", he says in a loud voice…
“my family business, is too old for me, all I want it, is to be a better person, and being a mop driver is the only job that will turn me into that person, the princess job, is to give birth, to an heir to the family line, and I'm not ready for it", said Tychip…
“you, will, GO, HOME”, said the unit driver, as he slap her in the head, just saying the truth...
"Destroyed that part of your life and obey my words, your the princess, and a princess must be enslave by the king and your people", said the unit driver, "so be the princess, and obey me, bitch”, said the Unit Driver, but...
the ring starts breaking into 7 small parts and dust, and free herself, for anyone control on her…
"Gomew, it is", said Tychip…
“it is your name”, said Tychip...
"you, bitch, you never say that name under my eyes", said, well, Gomew, the unit driver...
"but that's your name, that is your name, that is YOUR LIFE... you fool, and you will not chain me up, not with your love chain ring", said Tychip...
A love chain ring that only chain up the opposite gender that never known it (I.E. males falls in love with a love chain ringed female, and females falls in love with a love chain ringed male), but it will not work, just on one's that known this one being used by anyone.
“you, you, you cannot just free yourself out of my control”, said Gomew…
“well at least I will never be your wife, don't after what you pull, now, free the girls, or I will fight you”, said Tychip…
“well now”, said Gomew, as he take Bonnie as his girl…
“Bonnie”, said Tychip…
“for a Mop Driver, without a team name, the police core will put you in jail, no buts about it”, said Gomew…
“yes master, enslave me”, said Bonnie...
“Bonnie, you fool, I see now, she is under your fooleds control, Gomew”, said Tychip…
“princess, please obey him, or I will died”, said Bonnie…
"well by now you know-", said Gomew, before the top crash down, and take Bonnie off, just enough to make her sleep...
“what the hell”, said the one of the 3 other people...
“the hell”, said Gomew as he got out of the mess...
"count call, your bull will be kick, because the EMT is here, what, that mop driver from before", said Dechu...
"men, this is too much", said Tychip, but within 3 seconds her mind says, "but this is a better idea than fighting alone, without a wand in my control, Gomew will turn me into a wife for fools, just like Bonnie have ended up, so, let Dechu fight him, while I take Bonnie, and-"...
""Sorry, got to keep the film rolling""...
"Dechu, please help, this ship must be stop", said Tychip...
"already started, just stay out of the battle, Seachu, now", said Dechu...
within seconds, the 3 other people have being removes from the ship by Seachu...
but Gomew is forced the attack in the air…
“fool, your attack, has made me mad”, said Gomew...
“Men, that is painful”, said Dechu...
“why you Dragoon”, said Gomew…
“Seachu, give me the data about him”, said Dechu…
“right”, said Seachu…
“EMT”, said Gomew...
"Gomew Nutku, ex-mop driver, ban from mop driving for 3 years after turning a girl mop driver into his wife that always obey him", said Seachu...
"well, he will be ban for life after what I will do to him", said Dechu…
Meanwhile…
“yes the ring is off her, but I cannot drop it here”, said Tychip…
“so I keep it when I need it, but now I must save Bonnie from this place”, said Tychip…
“and I know where my mop will be, the engine room”, said Tychip…
meanwhile…
the fools leaves the boat, with the girl still enslave, by Gomew own words…
but one girl is able to still party like a hardcore girl…
then she sees unit EMT, and used dark spell: memory wash, on the 2 girls into dark driver, by name…
but she only enslave people with real skills, only do info hunt, and only steel food from Gov-Core for the high class…
but once Gomew and unit EMT is in town…
she and the 2 girls leaves the boat, to home, but her name is unable to be tell, but always called the black driver of Raizi Village…
but back on the boat, Tychip is at the engine room, and take the Ashnuims out of it…
all 5'231 grams of it…
“yes, the mop are full, and the Ashnuim is taking out of the engine”, said Tychip…
"mm, what, what happen", said Bonnie...
"Bonnie", said Tychip, as she got her mop, and Bonnie's mop...
"my mop, but why my head is spinning", said Bonnie…
“well, you got hit by a piece of the ship, and I help you out of it”, said Tychip…
“but why”, said Bonnie…
"well most mop drivers must help out, even if no one want it", said Tychip…
“and you be control by anyone, that use you for something that I just don't know”, said Tychip…
“well, that is a good enough reason, wait, what unit are you Tychip", said Bonnie...
"none, I just started up months ago, so why", said Tychip...
"well then, since you save me, join my unit, and you will be a better one than any princess that never leave her home, whatever that is", said Bonnie...
in the end, Tychip take the calling as the right move…
“yes, I take it then, I will join your unit”, said Tychip…
“thank you, oh, but first, we must leave this ship”, said Bonnie…
“right”, said Tychip…
and once outside, Dechu just beat Gomew down, and win the battle...
and without saying I never give up, or giving up...
and Seachu is able to reset the girls back to them old life's...
"right that's the last one", said Seachu...
"hey, it's bonnie", said Dechu...
"well well, unit EMT, your an odd unit to save me", said Bonnie...
"well then, we better go home, because the Army is coming", said Dechu...
"grand timing, now the fuel is going to be the army’s", said Seachu…
"well, the fuel is Tychip to use now", said Bonnie...
"WHAT", said Dechu and Seachu...
"the Army is here", someone says…
“Unit EMT, RTB NOW, THE ARMY IS HERE TO TAKE YOU DOWN”, Virchu says out loud, as she fly away from the town port, fast and without a bag of food with her...
"well that will end it, Seachu, RTB”, said Dechu...
"roger", said Seachu...
so unit EMT and Bonnie, take off, to the sky, and leaves the port town of Zivid...
and Tychip Leaves the town, with Bonnie…
in the end, Gomew will be ban from mop driving for another 5 years...
two girls will end up as Gomew's wife, and become show girls, a sad real damage that will never be repair...
7 girls will return to a standard life, and 5 girls will return to the familys life, and will not be free from it...
for the young girl, any bad move she made to the young men, is now replace with love, and now understands her role in life...
but for Tychip, her role, is only just beginning…

Chapter 2
In the night star sky's, just 10 minutes away to Babylon Anchorage...
a 200 kilometers drive from the port town of Zivid, the town that a person called Gomew, just got chains up by the army...
5 Mop Drivers is in a standard fight set, the first two are Dechu and Seachu of unit EMT...
the next one is Bonnie from the Bonnie Aircorp that is only found just 50 minutes ago…
then the next one is Virchu from Team Mir Emergency air unit, she is talking to the last one about the sad truth of her poor move...
and the last one is Tychip…
but as the stars shows up in the black sky…
“see, the team is a term for clubs, or guilds, and most teams just work together to keep the world together”, said Virchu…
“but sadly all team club's will not give anyone membership without passing a club entering test”, said Virchu...
“well Bonnie will take me in, because I save her life, so my life is set, right”, said Tychip…
“tell that to Michu, and the mop checker”, said Virchu...
3 minutes later, the 5 Mop Drivers arrives at Babylon Anchorage...
"wow, this place is the best place to live", said Tychip...
"but not for the mop driver, but to all people”, said Bonnie...
and once landed at Babylon island number 1...
"unit EMT, Virchu, welcome home", said the mop checker...
"well thank you", said Dechu...
"mop checker, this is Tychip, and she is going to team dragoon, to be my new member of Bonnie Aircorp", said Bonnie...
"well, let see then", said the mop checker...
NOTE TO ALL READERS: the mop checker is a person that checks mop for ID, damages, and other items of rechecking...
10 minutes later...
"Virchu, Dechu and Seachu, your clear to go", said the mop checker...
"Bonnie, your clear to go, but only to team Dragoon HQ, and no more", said the mop checker…
"and Tychip, is it", said the mop checker...
"that is me", said Tychip...
"well, your mop is a high spec's mop, a mop that only pros will fly on it, and this type of mop is pro level only, but your got no wand", said the mop checker...
"so why is it, tell me", said Tychip...
"I'am sorry, but your not a mop driver, not-"said the mop checker, before...
"hey, the club entering test starts tomorrow, so Tychip can just enter it, and just need to get the top 8 to enter Bonnie Aircorp", said Seachu...
"ever, oh god, unless unit EMT call you into tomorrow's club entering test", said the mop checker...
“What", said Tychip...
"Tychip, before you say it, he is too hot headed to get you in, but he can tell you that the team will see you in", said Virchu...
"well, so be it, I'm entering the test, and entering Bonnie Aircorp", said Tychip...
"alright then, go to the tent zone, and enter the test, that will be all", said the mop checker...
so Tychip stays in a tent zone for the night…
an hour later, unit EMT arrives at Babylon island number 3, and enter team Dragoon HQ...
""Sound: door opening""...
"Mission, done, Times two", Dechu says out-loud...
"well well, Unit EMT, welcome back, I'm just about to call you", said the head office named Romto...
"call me, about what", said Dechu...
"about the Gomew report, the-", said Romto, before...
""sound: door opening""...
"Romto, the mission is stop because someone attack him, and end his plans for the kidnapped girl", said the head of police named Michu...
"Michu", said Dechu...
"Dechu, Seachu, and, Bonnie", said Michu...
"Bonnie, what, Dechu", said Romto…
“sorry, let me talk about this”, said Dechu...
and after an hour of reporting…
"well goodnight then, I just cannot do my job with you around", said Michu as he leaves team Dragoon HQ...
"well your unit is too lucky, and with Bonnie now home again, your unit got the 5'000$ reward, but no more", said Romto...
"but what about Tychip", said Bonnie...
"well, he's mop checker is too hot headed for a reason, Tychip's mop is too powerful for her to use", said Romto...
"sadly, Tychip is still able to use it", said Bonnie...
"and she will enter the club entering test, so her enter into Bonnie aircorp is going to happen", said Seachu...
"the failed of Bonnie will stop it, but she will enter the test, and we will take it from there", said Romto…
“please Romto”, said Bonnie…
“as head of team dragoon, I order you Bonnie, to take her entering as a standard one, after the 2nd test, a meeting will set the matter, am’I clear people”, said the head of team dragoon…
“yes sir”, everyone says…
and will that, tomorrow awaits...
the next day, Tychip is in the Bows and wands shop, just to get a wand…
“hello and welcome”, said the owner…
“hello, I here, to buy a wand”, said Tychip…
“one minute please”, said the owner…
two minutes later…
“well how is this checks up”, said Tychip…
“well, your powers is too special, to a standard wand's, and only mops need only Ashnuim to work", said the owner...
"men, but I need one to enter", said Tychip...
"Well, your in luck, the only wand that will work with you is this, the star wand", said the owner...
"I know this wand, this wand is a low power wand with wind type moves", said Tychip...
NOTE TO ALL READERS: all wand's only got one type moves...
from fire to electric, to water, to wind, to psychic, to ground…
“well, at least the wand is able to work, I goes though way too many base wand's to be workable”, said Tychip…
“well your bow is able to see you as the master, and the driver”, said the owner...
“yes, it is”, said Tychip…
“so this wand is $50, and no driver cannot go without it, this test needs it”, said the owner...
she take it, and leaves for the test…
30 minutes later, Tychip enter the first test zone...
this series of tests, is called the driver core test, or for some Clubs, it is also called the club entering test...
Tychip is one of 500 people, and it is a once every 6 months event...
and the first test is just a writer test…
but this first test is hard enough to cut the bad ones out, and keep the bar high...
for Tychip, the first test is not an end game, passing the test with 63 other people…
“yes, I’am in 20th place”, said Tychip…
“well you can't go on, leave, or fall”, said a mop driver called Anichu…
“and who are you, to be a fool”, said Tychip…
“now now people, let's keep it fair, she made it here with just her skills, so let's keep on the test”, said a worker…
“whatever”, said Anichu...
the second test, is in the night time...
and only using the mop, to get though, the air track…
“well Tychip is flying with real skills”, said Romto…
“well she is in the top 12, but the top 8 is a hard one”, said Bonnie…
but then, Tychip miss being hit by a down mop driver, and slow down enough to take 12th place, by 2 seconds…
it is Anichu own work, he take down 10 of them, to take 6th place, or the top 8…
but Tychip call his a loser for attacking the mop driver...
but the core will not buy it, and she got a yellow card for attacking Anichu by talking to the core...
and as team dragoon meet up with the unit heads…
some of the units people see Tychip as too much work to train her…
but Bonnie is able to save her by being her unit member…
Dechu and Seachu is in the meeting, and only want good people to party and fight with…
but the head of Team Dragoon find unit EMT's set of people to be not good enough…
and see’s Bonnie last failed to be a bad point to stop her call…
so the head of Team Dragoon set Tychip to EMT, if she fails the 3rd test…
Dechu is not happy with her, but take the call, because the head of Team Dragoon will set the call…
the call is in...
the next day, Tychip is in the 3rd, and last test, and it is a battle test…
and after two battles, the teams find some good mop drivers...
but Romto find Anichu fighting standard to be too low, and not good enough, for any units…
for Anichu, he will enter Team Dragoon, and be the unit head…
but Tychip will fight to be the member of Bonnie Aircorp…
so the battle starts with Anichu used the wand at Tychip…
for 10 minutes, both driver fights on to win…
but then, Anichu used a trap on her, and end the battle as the winner…
then a minute later, Team Navichu head and a solo driver walk in, and just take Anichu in...
and Anichu is able to see a better place, so he takes it, becoming a new unit head...
but for Tychip, she will walk away from the test, with only the 12th place level…
as the sun starts to set…
Tychip is setting up, to go elsewhere…
“Bonnie, I'am sorry”, said Tychip…
as she see the sea, Tychip knows a bad team will find her, and her past will find her…
“Tychip”, said Seachu, as he arrives…
“hey Seachu”, said Tychip…
“you leaving now”, said Seachu…
“yes, without the 8th place to enter, I'am just not good enough”, said Tychip…
“well that Anichu is a bad one, but your fight may just help you”, said Seachu…
“what”, said Tychip…
“Tychip, the head of Team Dragoon is calling you, to Team Dragoon HQ”, said Seachu…
Tychip is shock about this, but goes with Seachu, for a meeting...
an hour later, Tychip, and Seachu, arrives at Team Dragoon HQ…
“hello”, said Tychip…
“head of team Dragoon, Maxvi, is here”, said Romto…
“head Dragoon, we are here", said Seachu...
"Tychip is it", said head of team Dragoon named Maxvi...
"yes, I’m Tychip", said Tychip...
"well, only your first name, and age, this alone is odd enough for a mop driver, and your 12th place of the test is as low as most teams will hired anyone", said Maxvi...
"and the core is not good enough to stop a loser", said Seachu...
"but your mop driving skills is a 5th place or higher levels if the yellow card is not used", said Seachu…
“yes, I already see the test data”, said Maxvi...
"and you save Bonnie from Gomew brainwashing plan, that alone will get you in the Babylon anchorage”, said Seachu…
“and with your skill, you will be a good mop driver, but, our skills will put you into a team, and make you a better Mop Driver", said Maxvi…
and as she stand up...
"Tydawn, will you take my call, and be a part of team Dragoon", said Maxvi...
"yes I will", said Tychip...
"well, so be it, from this day on, you will be...(magic spell: Tag Ink)... Team Dragoon Tychip, Set 22 Babylon Anchorage, Lock 03 Babylon island number 3, and Unit Code, 0, 4, Unit Emergency Mission Team", said Maxvi...
"WHAT", said Tychip up-loud, as her arm is hit, and set the ID sign...
"yes my ice cream, and since you will going to say it, Unit EMT is too small after the searching for Bonnie got sooo long, that becomes too clear that we need a new member, as we already lock you up as one”, said Maxvi…
“what about Bonnie, is she”, said Tychip…
“she is OK, she is already be tells about it, and let the 3th test tells you place”, said dechu as he arrives...
“beside all of that, Bonnie Aircorp is resting up because Bonnie only just return by a lucky move, but must stay at home for two more days", said Maxvi...
"and you got over 5 Kilos of Ashnuim, Ashnuim that Unit EMT needs now", said Dechu…
“5 kilos, now that is a good one”, said Seachu...
"OK, I'm in, is it all of it", said Tychip...
"yes, as good as anyone can get", said Maxvi...
so Tychip is forced into Unit EMT...
on that night, Unit EMT party the night away, for a new member...
"Mom, why me", said Tychip...
"Tychip", said Bonnie…
“Bonnie, your here”, said Tychip...
"yes I did, so got the mail about the party, or you just sitting here", said Bonnie...
"well, will this Tag Ink on my arm tell you", said Tychip...
"I see, Maxvi did not call me, but this is her handed work, any other ones that not get hired, get attack to stop any Mop Driver that fails to make it", said Bonnie...
"well that is a sad thing", said Tychip...
"but, Unit EMT is builds, when Dechu and Seachu save Maxvi's life after a fail attack by my past unit", said Bonnie...
"Realed", said Tychip...
"oh yes, I know this by Maxvi, and she built the unit, for the Emergency Missions, and to help other units in the Team", said Bonnie...
"Bonnie, I will make it though this, and be your unit member", said Bonnie...
"that is a good idea, but the only way to be my unit member, is to get he top 8 in the test, but being the head of your unit, is more usable", said Bonnie...
"Realed, I never knew that it is fix’s", said Tychip...
"no one can know it by code, but by sun up, you will be unit EMT member, and my friend", said Bonnie...
"well, let's go back to the party", said Tychip…
“OK”, said Bonnie…
the next day, Tychip will be a starter class mop driver, cleaning the house that unit EMT lifes…
two hours later, she arrives at team Dragoon HQ, just to find a job…
“hello Tychip”, said Romto…
“hi Romto, I looking for some job after cleaning the units home”, said Tychip…
“sorry, unlike the standard job being busy today, no emergency mission is be call up”, said Romto…
“why is that”, said Tychip…
“because Unit EMT is a special unit for other units, ships, and other emergency mission”, said Romto…
“and only emergency mission can be send to emergency units”, said Romto...
for Tychip, this is the new life to live by, Romto is the second in command of team Dragoon, and the team mission control for the units...
and as Tychip is unable to use any mission, Romto tell Tychip about the other units...
Unit code 01 is the Cargo unit of team Dragoon, it is Babylon island number 3's only team, that made the team HQ liveable...
with 6 people, most cargo will reach Babylon island number 3, but not the heavy one's...
units code 02 is a home battle corp, it is a combat only team that is full to the max's, and only the special corp that unit code 02 can do solo missions, a top only info to anyone else, as Romto did not tell Tychip about it...
and no other missions can be book...
unit code 03 is called Bonnie Aircorp, it is the only unit that can go on standard mission...
and some emergency missions, that cannot wait for unit code 04...
but the team can only fight for a limited time...
unit code 04 is unit EMT, and can only goes at emergency mission, and no more.
And 2 new unit codes is starting up…
unit code 05 is started by 2 Mop Driver leaving a bad team club, and got only enough Ashnuim for 3 standard jobs or mission…
Unit code 01 is the job word, but the mission word is for Unit code 02-06, some used both as the same thing by doing the job for years…
and unit code 06 is started after the entering test show 3 mop driver enough skill to build a new code…
and both new unit code will do the standard job...
for money, Unit code 01 can be pay at the minimum set...
while unit code 02, 03, 05, and 06, is pay by the mission or by mop hours, or both...
but unit EMT must recycle every single item that the unit buy...
and only pays by level of emergency, or any money that paperwork can lost from time to time, and only the food is send out on a weekly base's.
then a mission call just arrives…
5 minutes later, Dechu arrives just to take the new mission…
“so, what is the mission”, said Dechu…
“a cargo ship has call in, it has being attack by some Mop Pirates”, said Romto…
“the attack started 10 minutes ago, and the type of attack is heavy type”, said Seachu…
“oh come on, not again, start fly set up”, said Dechu…
“already to fly”, said Tychip…
“sound link orb is in my bag”, said Tychip…
“let's go, right now”, said Dechu...
so unit EMT leaves HQ…
but then, as Maxvi try to call the cargo ship…
“Maxvi, I lost the link”, said Romto...
“what, well unit EMT will be call”, said Maxvi...
an hour later, unit EMT is in the sky…
“now where is the ship, this one is the hard one to find, it is right”, said Seachu...
“but HQ call us about the lost link at the boat, so just founding the boat is so hard to do”, said Tychip…
but 2 minutes later…
“Dechu, the cargo ship is found, at 35 degrees to the right”, said Seachu…
“I see it, the ship is just moving by the waves”, said Dechu…
“hell, the ship is totalled damage”, said Tychip…
“let’s land, and find out that was happen”, said Dechu…
“right”, said Tychip…
but once the unit have landed, and search around…
“men, this ship is strip clean of everything”, said Tychip…
“well the attacker is the mop pirates, alright”, said Seachu…
“and the death body's are around the ship that is going down”, said Dechu…
“what, the ship, is going down”, said Seachu…
“”sound: something hit the ground””…
“who's there”, said Tychip…
“who, who are you”, said one person…
“well, we are unit EMT, you going to be OK”, said Tychip…
and as Tychip take the person in…
“Dechu, I have found the yellow data orb”, said Seachu…
“well, we did all that we can here, so let’s go home”, said Dechu…
“right, unit EMT, RTB”, said Tychip…
so unit EMT leaves the ship, and 30 minutes later, the ship sunk, into the wares and underwater, never to return...
as the sun sets, unit EMT send the data orb, by hand, to the police core in Babylon island number 4…
“well the orb is in a good shape, but the attack must has reset the orb, it is not”, said the Young data orb reader named Mayash...
“can you find any data in this orb”, said Dechu…
“2 weeks, tops, but 2 days at the earlyed”, said Mayash...
“Dammit”, said Dechu…
“well with the orb being the only one, it will take time to found anything good”, said Michu…
“but, the person”, said Seachu…
“the person is not a crew member, just a passenger that cannot be the head of the family's company”, said Michu...
“and once the cross-check is done, the person will leave the island to return home”, said Michu…
“but, the ship attack is the 3rd time that the mop pirates attacks, and the mop pirates wands is more powerful to be a standard wand”, said Mayash...
“but powerful wands are only for Gov-core Use’s”, said Tychip...
“yes, and things are only getting so bad, at so late”, said Mayash...
“Michu”, said Seachu...
“don't worry, we will recall the data, and get back to you”, said Michu...
“ok Michu”, said Dechu...
an hour later, in the pub at Babylon island number 4, it is called the team club special pub...
“Tychip, your meal is ready”, said the owner called Hambara…
“men, the food must be made for a mop driver”, said Tychip...
“well the meals are built for mop drivers to help him out of the bad day”, said Hanbara…
“hey Tychip, just eat up, and drink up”, said Seachu…
“yeah”, said Dechu…
“I just eat some of it, and drink some Hol-wine”, said Tychip...
the team club special pub is the team club's only pub that feeds units members only…
and Hambara only serve the unit members, and no one else…
“Tychip, since when you drink Hol-wine”, said Hanbara…
“I don't know, maybe at that party that is turning girls into wife’s, or drink a glass of it, by someone trying to break me, I just don't know”, said Tychip…
“well Hol-wine is a ban drink in the Nalee, for the brainwashing powers, but the Hol-wine in this land is made, with a special tool that removes the brainwashing powers, and cut the alcohol to about 0.7% alcohol per volume”, said Seachu...
“so this is why my past is in bad shape”, said Tychip…
“well I hope you find your past back”, said Dechu…
sadly, Tychip past is damage by it, but she still remember her last name…
but her core is only brainwash to this life by her past…
and it will be tell someday…
and once the meal is done, unit EMT leaves the pub...
but as one mission is on hold, other ones come in…
an hour later, unit EMT is back at team Dragoon HQ…
“unit EMT, a new mission just arrived from unit code 02”, said Romto...
“unit code 02, of what team", said Tychip…
“it is a SP", said Dechu…
“yes, it is”, said Romto...
“SP”, said Tychip…
“it means special, or special core, to any emergency unit”, said Seachu…
I never know that a special core ever exist”, said Tychip…
“well then, let's go”, said Dechu…
“WHAT”, said Tychip...
so unit EMT leaves HQ to help the village out…
7 hours later, unit EMT is in the sky around the mountain like land of Nalee.
“smoke at south point, change by 20 degrees to the left at 2 minutes”, said Seachu…
a minute later…
“see, the village is in view”, said Tychip...
“yes, but the village is burning”, said Seachu…
as the attack is just ended, and few buildings in the village is still in good shape...
“hey SP unit”, said Tychip…
“hey code G. O5, unit EMT is here”, said Dechu…
“Dechu”, the SP unit person says...
and once the unit lands…
“Dechu, your late”, said the SP unit person…
“sorry Joyza, we only got the call after the mop pirate attack a boat”, said Dechu...
who is damage, and in need of help”, said Seachu…
“about 4 old people, and 10 kids survive, while 200 people are still missing, and 500 people are now out of the village, and will be standing by, into the village is back inline”, said Joyza...
for the person of unit code 02-SP named Joyza, the EMT is a good recall unit for anything that needs more people...
but she is not a person that do this all the time...
just when an odd point that cannot be reported shows up...
and she is good at her work, up to 5 person standard units, or 3 strong person units...
So her call of help, is true to the words…
“what, that Joyza, but your being ID, as a high class mop driver, so-”, said Tychip, before…
“oh my, this mop driver is a small one in need of training for this”, said Joyza…
“oh yeah, almost lost it, this is unit code 04's new member, Tychip, enter by the 12th place on the test, and save Bonnie from being Gomew’s wife”, said Seachu…
“well, in that case, my name is Joyza, team Dragoon’s Ace, show me your skill, and my data will be open to you, but not before”, said Joyza…
“yeah, thank you for your name, but no more than you name, I just going to work”, said Tychip…
“so let’s get to work”, said Dechu...
3 hours later, unit EMT is trying to save the village, when a new unit enters, to stop the EMT...
This new unit is called Unit-19-0-10-Junk Crew call, and it is not a good unit to call...
and Unit EMT cannot let the unit go...
so Junk Crew Call attack unit EMT...
after 3 minutes unit EMT lost the battle, and the junk crew call takes the mayors money, and he's kid...
and before the unit can react, junk crew call leaves the village...
so after some rest, unit EMT, and Joyza, leaves the village, to find the unit…
3 hours later, in the bush's of the nearby village...
unit EMT and Joyza is searching for a unit junk crew call, but the unit is not where to be seen...
but then Joyza stared to see a route that is just used to leave the village...
and it goes to the old lands…
an hour later, Joyza find the unit cooking some food, before Junk Crew Call can react, Joyza attack the unit...
4 minutes later, unit EMT save the kid, and 3 minutes later, Joyza wins the battle...
in the end, the Junk Crew Call is able to leave the battlefield, but 3 of the members are being lock up, and the village only got some cash…
7 hours later, unit EMT and Joyza is back at team dragoon HQ...
“mission, done”, said Joyza…
“EMT is now home”, said Tychip…
“welcome home, Joyza, and unit EMT”, said Romto...
“why thank you”, said Joyza…
after 15 minutes of reporting…
“so the attacker are now out of business, you Joyza can go home, while unit EMT, your mission before hand will restart in 20 minutes”, said Romto...
so as Dechu tell Joyza that this calling for help must end some pay...
Joyza tell Dechu that he job is saving people in need...
Then Tychip tell Joyza that working with Joyza is a joy to her...
So Joyza says, "Thank you", and goes home to rest up…
then Michu arrives to tell him about the next hop pirates attack...
as one route selling company's are a data-napper attack that link the attack together...
but for EMT, the next attack will be full of people...
so failed will be 800 people killed, and jail time for EMT...
it is not an option, it is the end game if is ship is destroyed…
so once outside...
“the Aircorp”, said Seachu...
“Bonnie aircorp, meet unit EMT new member, Tychip”, said Romto…
“Tychip, this is Unit-22...03...03, Bonnie aircorp... team specialist, and head of the unit, Bonnie... the 2 standard male mop driver with battle type wands, Bathurst, and Peter... and the young mop-controler of the unit, Seayu, AKA, Ash”, said Maxvi…
“just Ash for this now”, said Seayu…
“hi Bonnie, you are doing well”, said Tychip…
“yes I’am, are you”, said Bonnie…
"I’am OK, thank you”, said Tychip…
“now that both of you units got the mission data, your GO order is now on, so happy hunting, and good luck to you”, said Romto...
so unit EMT and Bonnie Aircorp leaves Team Dragoon HQ…
10 hours later, in the sky of the seas…
unit EMT, and Bonnie Aircorp is flying though the skys, to find the cargo ship…
“hey Pudchu, try to keep up”, said Bonnie...
but the Seas is not for anyone to sail by too easy...
then, a want shot is showing it self, only giving the location of the cargo ship...
so once there, Bonnie Aircorp attacks the mop pirate, while unit EMT starts the rescue mission to get the ship out of the battlefield...
10 minutes later, the battle is over, as the mop pirate is leaving the battlefield, the cargo ship is able to keep sailing...
then Bonnie tell Tychip and Dechu to check the route out there...
3 minutes later, Dechu is just thinking about returning to the cargo ship...
but Bonnie is trying to stop more attacks from happening again...
and Dechu is in need of returning to base...
but then, Bonnie and Tychip find a command and control ship that belong to team Navichu…
4 hours later…
at Babylon island number 5, in the town called Leetree...
team Dragoon is able to send the data to the other teams...
for one team, it is a failed of a bad call...
Team Navichu is the poor peoples team, and it is also a poor team, but prideful to get the mission done...
and the attack, is only set at team Sonicball...
but team Sonicball is the rich peoples team, and it is also a rich enough team, and the teams attack team Navichu home a long time ago...
and team Mir is the standard team, and take the"Faith Manages" code...
and Team Mir calls the mop pirates as bad people, and stop a war that the team will never survive...
for Team Dragoon, this meeting will stop any-more fighting, and save more lives, for now…

Chapter 3
6 Days later, Bonnie aircorp is inside team Dragoon HQ...
just to sign some paperwork on the last mission...
then Tychip arrives to fill some paperwork of her own, with Pudchu, Bathurst, Peter, and Seayu.
Peter is not happy about Tychip being in team Dragoon, while Seayu is just happy to see Bonnie back after failing Bonnie, when Gomew trap her into the place that Unit EMT have to take down, and Tychip save Bonnie before it is too late...
but Tychip tell Bonnie Aircorp about the team club special pub...
then Seayu tell Tychip about the team club, and the Babylon anchorage…
the Anchorage is first found 50 years ago, by people that got nowhere to call home…
and form into a small town for sailors, builders, and mop drivers…
but 22 years ago, an odd team arrives to take the land…
that is team Sonicball and team Navichu wars…
a war that started 15 years ago, forced team Mir (once in the main land) to enter the war a year later over attacking the head of team Mir…
forced Team Dragoon (builds 2 years before the war) into the war, a year after Team Mir entered…
and the war ended 12 years ago, after the Government call the teams into the count-core, and all heads end up in jail…
to be more clear, the town was attack by both team Sonicball and team Navichu, over someone's shop with food about 2 years 3 months after the war started…
with damage that Babylon anchorage see's every day, the government ended up using the army to stop the team for any more battles, and made clear that any more attacks to the main land will not be possible...
for Maxvi, she is once a unit member of team Mir, but the war kick her out…
at the end of the war, Maxvi enter team Dragoon, into an old unit that is at the units last moves…
but the head of team Dragoon before her set the team club one week after the war ended…
the team club is a club for team heads only, and it also the lands ruling body…
team Dragoon, Team Mir, team Sonicball, and team Navichu, are the team clubs main head, and any big mission goes to the team club…
then team Warpchi, team Starmars, and team Rapter, are the sup heads that enter the club about 9 years ago…
all teams in this club, must not fight each other, and must help each other in any missions that has gone bad...
but for Tychip, this info is not needed, and once the paperwork is done, Tychip leaves HQ for some rest...
then a mission arrives just when Bonnie aircorp is done with the paperwork...
it is to Rescuing a princess, from a bad place at the slow village...
and the princess lost some of the shield crew to the foe called Japchu...
a brainwashing specialists that only walks about the bush's...
but Bonnie see Japchu as a person to be taking down...
so Bonnie Aircorp leaves HQ...
6 hours later, Bonnie aircorp arrives at the bush around about Princess last known location, nearby a small village...
and after an hour of searching, Bonnie is starting to fear the bad ending...
but then Seayu found the princess in bad shape...
then after 30 minutes of walking to the air train port, someone attacks Bonnie, only to fail, and never got damage...
then Japchu attack the unit, by using the love potion...
but the love potion is made by 3 company’s that is under the ground...
and this one is a poorest one, and it has fail, due to the potions low power, the age of the potion that even the best ones only last 30 days, and drinking it, is the only way to make it work...
and without the enslaving ring that he used the last one on a young girl, out of a young boy need to make her, he's wife...
and without a love spell, or other brainwashing tools, the princess is safe...
10 minutes later, Japchu is taking down, and he attacks, ends in total failed...
an hour later, Bonnie aircorp, and the princess is taking Japchu into jail by he own moves...
for Japchu, the shield crew just attack the young boy for the young girl that is going to attack a port town, for a bad move by someone else...
Seayu is not going to change anything, but the princess is only happy that the young girl is stop before more people got damage, but attacking the princess, is a 5 years lockout, no buts, and no bull's...
at least, he just want to end he's own life, but tell the princess about team Darkfire's plan to find death driver, and kill him...
Bonnie is not going to let Japchu do it...
but Japchu knows better that team Dragoon, ended that plan once Bonnie find the princess, and the death driver is still out there...
so, before all hope will end, Japchu tell Bonnie, and the princess about a girl called Tychip Mirchu...
a Princess of the Mirchu family business, with big money on the line, but for a better story to use it fully, the rest of it, is for another time, in a more higher risk for team dragoon...
but in Japchu's mind, Tychip is died by a mop driver called death driver, but the people called her outsider...
but all the brainwashing is to stop the Death driver from killing more princess's, and kill the death driver for killing Tychip...
sadly, it is nothing more then the miss understanding, the outsider is only talk about, but never find...
Bonnie just see's Japchu, as a crash person that knows he end will come very later then he wanted, and tell him that the outsider can only be jail, but never going to be kill by anyone...
but for Seayu, he see's Japchu just a fool, a fool that made the outsider story too big to go on, and use a sleeping spell to end this sad story...
and once back at the princess home, the shield crew is disown, by the head of the shield crew that is sick about 3 days before hand...
some time later, Bonnie is at the pub in Babylon island number 4...
after reporting the mission, the aircorp is resting up for a new mission...
then Tychip arrives after a hard emergency mission...
Bonnie is happy that Tychip return, and after 20 minutes of eating, Bonnie tell Tychip about the outsider...
but Tychip only tell Bonnie that the outsider did not kill the princess, but brainwash her into a mop driver with a new name, Optchu of Goshi...
but he falls to he own death by an unknown dark team, only to save Tychip from the team, and Tychip just end it up at the port town of Zivid...
for Bonnie, Tychip is not telling the truth, but how, is still yet to be tell, and she starts to see Tychip as a brainwash princess...
but in the end, she just going to wait and see on this matter, into the time is right, and enough people see her as a mop driver, and not a princess...
but Bonnie's timing, will forced it out, when team Dragoon goes to war, but for what…
a week later, Tychip is in the small town, alone...
she is refueling the units Ashnuim levels, 30 kilos is more than enough…
“men, the unit is using too much power for a good mission”, said Tychip…
but once in the air, about 15 minutes later…
“what is this, the hole is too big to be a trap”, said Tychip…
but then…
“hey, are you alright”, said Tychip…
“oh, a Mop Driver, it is gods call”, said young girl…
“hey, oh god, just do it, ok hop in”, said Tychip…
“okay”, said the young girl...
and once out of the hole…
“hey what is your name”, said Tychip…
“Namitea is my name, but I don't have a family, not even a family name”, said Namitea…
“me too, I don't have a name that I can go to my birth home”, said Tychip…
“well that is anything”, said Namitea…
“yes it is”, said Tychip…
“so, can we land at the port town, or anyone without any fighting at all”, said Namitea…
“I got one that will work out for you”, said Tychip...
then Tychip fly fast to home…
an hours later, Tychip, and Namitea arrives home…
“well we are home”, said Tychip…
“so this is babylon anchorage, it is so big”, said Namitea…
“well this land is my home, and a port without any fighting at all” said Tychip…
“I will take your word for it, but your docks is on fire”, said Namitea…
“what”, said Tychip…
as Tychip see the docks is on fire...
“help”, someone says…
“what, the hell”, said Tychip…
“help please”, someone says...
“Dammit, without a water wand, I've just useless”, said Tychip…
“may I”, said Namitea as she use a spell…
“water spell, Sea Bomb”, Namitea says to cast it…
and the spell save some lives that day…
“Tychip, good save”, said Dechu…
“maybe, hey, people, leave your down houses now”, said Tychip…
and 10 minutes later, once Tychip landed…
“Dechu, what is going on here”, said Tychip…
“Tychip, you made it back”, said Dechu…
“Dechu, the attack is done now, the unknown drivers are going home”, said Seachu…
“an attack, on the docks”, said Tychip…
“well it looks like you got out before anything else happen”, said Dechu…
some time later, the workers starts repairing the docks, so life can go on…
but at Team Dragoon HQ, a meeting is in order…
“everyone, hear me out, the dock and the town, is attack by some unknown mop drivers, and stop all standard level cargo job”, said Maxvi…
“so any cargo you buying, must be food and Ashnuim only, Romto”, said Maxvi…
“yes sir, unit code 01, you will build a report about any cargo that is lost in battle, and send the report to the team club for Gov-Core”, said Romto…
“Gov-Core, that is a big one”, said Tychip…
“yes Tychip, it is, but the team club must do this”, said romto…
“OK”, said Tychip…
“now unit code 02, set yourself to set home shield jobs, and set a recall to all unit members”, said Romto…
“yes sir”, said head of home battle corp…
just then, Joyza and Bonnie Aircorp arrive to send the report about the mission…
“Maxvi, we just return, mission, done”, said Joyza…
“Joyza, your report will be send to the office, and talk to your unit head for new orders”, said Romto…
“yes sir”, said Joyza…
“and unit code 03, your unit will be on stand by for a special mission, so in 3 days, your mission will be there”, said Romto…
“yes but the money is low-”, said Bonnie, before…
“Bonnie, someone attack the port, and we need all members on deck, and all standard missions will be on hold”, said Romto…
“I see, yes sir”, said Bonnie…
“unit code 04 to 06, your units will be on stand by into new orders have be sends by the Team Club”, said Romto…
“and as for Namitea, Unit EMT will take Namitea as a maid, as least, into the port is repair”, said Maxvi…
“yes sir, I will do my best”, said Tychip…
for two days, everything is going slow, but it is still good enough…
but at the police core, Michu is mad about he's cargo being destroyed, and started the hunt of the unknown driver…
but Virchu soon tell Michu that the island is in need of all the help Babylon anchorage can get…
and the cargo can be replace, once the dock is back to work...
so Michu is forced to wait into the dock is repair, but Michu write a damage claim on the cargo to the team club, under police code X-066-A1P0...
that code is 666 to the team clubs, and A1P0 is a high level recall that can't be skip for better mission...
but, before the paperwork can make it, in that one faithful night…
“Dechu, Seachu, it is food time”, said Tychip…
“Tychip, I the one who cook your food for you”, said Namitea, taking her maid like she is born with it…
“oh man, Tychip, your food is too light for a mop driver”, said Seachu…
“well $100 of food is too much for me, and everyone need food, no buts about that”, said Tychip…
“well Bonnie Aircorp is at the team club special pub”, said Joyza, as she enters…
“why this unit always has to be this way”, said Tychip…
“well we always work very hard”, said Seachu...
meanwhile, Bonnie Aircorp is enjoying happy hour at team club special pub...
“hey Bonnie, is Tychip coming”, said Pubchu…
“Pubchu, Tychip is already going to stay home”, said Bonnie...
“well, she cook her own food that is too small to us”, said Peter…
“and unit EMT got someone to take care of”, said Bathurst…
“and happy hour is this units own time”, said Seayu...
30 minutes later, Bonnie aircorp leaves the pub, to home…
but before the unit make it, 2 people start the attack, and boom goes the bomb orb...
Meanwhile, the unknown drivers is not happy about the attack being a total failed…
as the black driver of Raizi Village is able to see that the dock is to not be attack, and the special item is not with the unknown driver…
but she soon got the word that a team attack team dragoon…
for her, this will end badly, and make the job, so much harder...
the next day…
“Bonnie, where are you”, said Tychip…
“Tychip, I find Bonnie”, said Namitea…
“coming”, said Tychip…
but once there…
“BONNIE, Bonnie talk to me”, said Tychip..
“love, love to be team dark, the world is full of masters”, said Bonnie…
“Bonnie, your talking nonsense, please do not fall to this”, said Tychip…
“wow, a young girl, Tychip, you will be a love… prin... cess... gir”, said Bonnie, before going to sleep…
“BONNIE”, said Tychip…
“Bonnie, don't die", said Namitea…
then snoring is heard from Bonnie, and Tychip is just happy that Bonnie will be rescue…
“Bonnie, you always shock people”, said Tychip...
“team Dark, no, not Team Darkfire”, said Namitea…
“Darkfire, now that team is an odd one here”, said Tychip, before…
Dechu find the 3 other people with heavy damage on them…
some time later, Dechu arrives at Team Dragoon HQ…
“Team Darkfire”, said Maxvi…
“yes sir, a sheet of paper is sign by the team”, said Dechu…
“I know this team Maxvi, Team Darkfire is the team that is not in a team club, and will not going to do so”, said Tychip…
“yes, it is an odd one", said Maxvi…
“but attacking a building without anyone being kill is only reported, and move on”, said Maxvi…
“but attack anyone, or attack just one member of any team, and it is only a matter of time before something can be done”, said Maxvi…
“but attack just one member of Team Dragoon, and it will be the last one that can be done, because we attack the team in return, and this is that time again”, said Maxvi…
“Unit code 04 to 06, battle set 199, location, Team Darkfire camp number 3”, said Maxvi...
for Maxvi, this, is, war…
the next day, Tychip is inside the hospital, just to see Bonnie Aircorp is safe...
“Tychip, TYCHIP”, said Bonnie as she wakes up…
“Bonnie, morning”, said Tychip…
“Tychip, what, what happen”, said Bonnie…
“I don't know Bonnie, but you are in a bad shape when we found you”, said Tychip…
“hey, do you got an enslaving ring”, said Bonnie…
“Bonnie, don't go there, your a free girl, and you must not become a slave to anyone”, said Tychip…
“but, but, but team Darkfire will take you away, and be Mirchu's princess”, said Bonnie as she crying in tears to Tychip...
for Tychip, this is never going to end well…
“Bonnie, I going to tell you something”, said Tychip…
“Tychip Mirchu”, said Bonnie…
“what”, said Tychip in shock…
“your shock, but not worry, as poor as that move is, I will keep it safe, but it is too late to stop the war, by giving you to them, it is war now”, said Bonnie…
“Bonnie, I so sorry, I-”, said Tychip, before…
“Tychip, only you can fix you own family's damage, but thanks for breaking that spell, I was not myself for a time”, said Bonnie…
“a spell”, said Tychip…
but then, a doctor called Koyui enter the room…
“Tychip, your time is up, Bonnie, it is bed rest time”, said Koyui…
“I must go”, said Tychip…
“hey Tychip, I be seeing you later then”, said Bonnie…
“good day Bonnie", said Bonnie…
but before Tychip leaves the hospital…
“well now, I have to see that Namitea is doing, team Darkfire is going to take her away if we don't watch out”, said Tychip…
“well Namitea is in a bad way in her life, miss Mirchu”, said Koyui…
“what, how did you know my name”, said Tychip…
“sometime life can show a shocking truth to anyone, this is one of them, but your past must be tell before more damage gets added”, said Koyui…
“right, well good day doctor”, said Tychip…
and as Tychip leaves…
“if team Darkfire founds her, team Dragoon will be forced to cut a mission off, as a lost cause", said Koyui, as he can see danger out there…
but it is already too late to stop it now...
20 minutes later, Namitea is doing shopping for food, and she is only able to buy some food...
but then, someone arrives, just to find a girl...
Namitea walk pass the girl before seeing her, and remember her…
and that is the truth that she is called the Love Queen...
Namitea is shock that the love Queen is here...
but before long, the Love Queen used a spell...
Namitea try to run, only to get hit by the girls love shock spell...
but just then, Tychip walk in, looking the other side, and got hit by the love shock spell too…
"Namitea, what", said Tychip...
but it is too late, as the love shock spell kick in...
as Namitea is in love with her family, and the love girl, but...
"Dawnrain, hey it's Dawnrain, I will be your love princess, my love queen", said Tychip...
"well well, a-", said Dawnrain, the love girl.
"what, a princess in mop driver clothing, o my god, this is a bad hit, but, a family of Mirchu will forced Tychip to be a Pregnant wife", said Dawnrain...
"Pregnant will fail, I will take only a hard working men, for the family of Mirchu", said Tychip...
"now this is just sad, wait, you, WHAT THE HELL, Tychip Mirchu", said Dawnrain...
"yes, Love Queen", said Tychip…
10 hours later, in a small town called Batlord...
Team Darkfire camp is eating some food, then boom, Team Dragoon attack team Darkfire for attacking Bonnie Aircorp…
team Navichu enter the battle to “get some Ashnuim and food”…
some time later...
Maxvi enter a master room to find team Darkfire master, but then, a screen turns on, to see the master back at the HQ…
for 10 minutes, Maxvi and the master talk about  attacking people, and members of the team club...
but then, Maxvi see someone on the screen, it is Tychip and Namitea, but under the Love Queen control…
then, Namitea says, "I’am love princess Namitea mewgate, and I'am a Mewgate compary birth girl, please call me when your ready"...
then, Tychip says, "and I’am love princess Tychip, and I only go for hard working class man, for my family of Mirchu"…
Maxvi soon see that the two girls is love wash...
but Maxvi also in shock, the shock is about finding Tydawn Mirchu, before the mission started...
but an odd person tell Maxvi that she is in her team, by not checking her paperwork…
some time later, unit EMT is looking for anyone to attack…
but find Maxvi in need of help…
the unit help her, team Navichu recall all units to base…
but Maxvi tell Dechu, “go to team Darkfire HQ, Tychip is kidnap”…
some time later, inside the love pub…
“welcome back love Queen”, said maid-A, A, 10...
but once set, the love queen see the maids just can't change Tychip, then Dawnrain see Tychip princes level being too high to be love wash, or to be Brainwash to love the master...
so the master try to break her, to be a unit slave...
but Tychip break him by he balls""don't saying any more than that"", and exit the windows with Namitea, but started to fall down a 10 level building, all the way to her end…
but Dechu, Seachu, and Maxvi arrives to save Tychip from the fall...
as she wakes up over Dechu, and Maxvi, and she is also under Namitea...
and once Namitea wakes up, Maxvi tell unit EMT to return home...
in the end, unit EMT understands the danger of this place, and leaves…
4 hours later, we are back at team dragoon HQ...
Maxvi is able to see the attack as a failed…
but Namitea soon tell Maxvi that she is a princess...
simply, Namitea just runaway from, over a bad call…
Maxvi is shock about this…
but Tychip tell Maxvi that Namitea is trying to live her life…
as she soon tell Maxvi, Dechu, and Seachu, that she is princess Tychip Mirchu...
but Seachu tell everyone that the Mirchu family is recounted, after Luke Mirchu is fired from the company, about 3 days ago...
for Tychip, Luke is her Dad, but the recounted will only make the mop driver job lock into place...
Romto knows this, and tell Maxvi about it...
for us, Tychip story starts, as the beginning...
it starts, when she mom died, to Tychip, she mom is everything...
and for 4 years, Luke try to take care of her, and the company...
but at 14, one company turn her into a princess, without her say, or Luke say...
after 3 months, Luke is forced to sale her as a wife to save the company...
but after hearing this, Tychip runaway from it, and leaves her home...
7 days later, she is resting more and more, and in need of food...
but as she find some food, she also find a Mop called Bauchu-B19-V3X88, under MS-120-49-Mist of Ash...
and old clothes that is drop away and never be return...
so she wear the clothing that will turn her into a mop driver...
before being a unit EMT member, but after taking Mist of Ash...
she takes 10 mop drivers down, break 30 low cost wands, and rip 5'000$ off the 10 mop driver...
all of them, are dark ones, called the Dark drivers...
unlike mop pirates, the dark driver is more like a team of fallen people, and want to destroyed the old system, for the dark drivers own...
but 4 days before arriving at the port town, team Darkfire attack a princess that is running away...
and falling to the love shock spell...
after 10 minutes of battling, she just runaway from the battlefield, but 3 days later, she only has 50 kilometres of fuel left when she landed...
just a day of flying for team Darkfire, the next leg will only end her...
but the unit driver Gomew mission, change her life, and with the army in the town at the end, stop team Darkfire from finding her...
Maxvi after hearing this, understands that she attack enough mop drivers, the dark ones by title, to be kick out of the princess post, and will be destroyed once her dad knows this…
but Tychip will not be a princess, and after the 3rd mop driver take down, she will walk away from it...
but then, Namitea tell all that a princess must sell herself to a men before it is too late...
but Tychip tell Namitea that her family of Mewgate, will take her away just to be a wife to Namitea's brother...
and team Dragoon will be forced to lose this battle...
meanwhile, a team Mir unit is flying home with only light damage…
but then, something happen that one person will never forget…
some time later, Maxvi is readying the surviving units of team EMT to attack team Darkfire HQ…
but the surviving person of the unit returning home…
and before long, the attack team arrives with no time to reset...
the attacks starts at the docks, where team Sonicball units got attack by surviving team Darkfire units from the camp location...
the team Darkfire people just got one mission, to kill Babylon anchorage before it is too late...
and take Namitea away...
sadly, for some reason, this work will not tell any more about the battle, and the sad end of team Darkfire, by Michu count attack the team…
and the special item is taking by the black driver of Raizi village, before Michu can see it coming...
and in the end, team Mir special units destroyed team Darkfires HQ, and team Darkfire is forced into shutting down, and Quit the war, and the team as an all...
but the team team club is able to stay in control, as long as the town is repair…
for 3 days, all team is able to rebuild the town, and get the island back to work...
but Namitea is unable to stop being homesick about it…
and Tychip needed to taking care of some business with someone…
so after some talking to Namitea, Tychip take a chance…
the next day, unit EMT is on a break to repair the damage...
but find Tychip note, it is Tychip writing about taking care of some family business...
then Seachu tell Dechu that Namitea is gone…
meanwhile, Namitea and Tychip arrives at Namitea's home…
for Tychip, Namitea must see in though, as she too will...
then Namitea enter the house, only to find two wife's with enslaving ring, and wearing high class clothes without any change...
it is Namitea brother's wife that tell her to obey Dad...
but Tychip says, "we are here, to talk, to Namitea's Dad"...
an hour later, Tychip find out about Luke, just seeing it after a clothes change...
it is Viren, and it is Namitea's dad, Viran is so fearful about Namitea grandmother, he attack grandmother to forced Namitea home...
Namitea is sorry about leaving her Dad without talking to him, but this one, will only make it worse...
after 32 minutes, the talk, just fail, when Tychip tell Namitea dad that her family is no more, but her role is not over, it just getting started...
then, Dechu and Seachu arrives, to take Namitea dad down, over bad paper work...
but Tychip call it out, "your under lock-down 105, and Namitea's brother too"...
then, Namitea tells her dad that she will be a mop driver of unit EMT...
for Tychip, this is the end of princess Namitea's title, to become unit EMT's new member...
two hours later, Tychip is under a tree when Luke find her...
after enough time, Luke is starting to see her, in a new light...
he is sorry about over working, when Mewgate take it over...
but the company will fall, and go under, and she will be free from it...
but the damage will take more time to heal...
then Dechu arrives to tell her about an emergency mission...
then as she leaves Luke, she says, "goodbye dad, I love you, I always will"...
“goodbye, Tychip”, said Luke…
as Tychip takes Namitea home, as a new member of unit EMT…
and Namitea will be the mop driver that care about the people that needed the help that is needed...
but Dawnran is out of the team that have close down, doom to died walking from place to place, but then, she found a brothel, and a men that owns it...
in time, her love, will made her be that men's high class love girl, and she will be he's love member of he's brothel...
he's name, is Icepic, and him will be find soon enough...
30 days later, as the sun starts to set on the town...
"this is, a good rest", said Joyza...
"after the battle of Babylon, and 10 high level missions, the special core is in need of some rest after doing so much", said Joyza...
as Joyza is resting at a hotel in a town outside of the babylon anchorage, after a hard mission...
and 30 days after the battle of Babylon, she is able to let unit EMT train both Tychip and Namitea for a long work life...
but as the sun sets, a booked meal time is started in 20 minutes...
this meal is one that Joyza must go to...
so Joyza leaves the room...
25 minutes later, Joyza arrives at the pub...
for a meal that all mop drivers always eat...
then, two people call her to sit with them, one is a male, and another a female...
this male name is John Warade, he only goes on long missions, fights hand on hand only, and only use the wand for healing...
and he eats $300 worth of food, every meal time...
and Joyza is happy with him, John see her as an ace...
and this female is named Rochu...
she is a long range shooter, always go everywhere with the mop, and her wand that is he most costly one out there...
only unit EMT will help her, only eat $100 worth of food per day...
and drinks 6 litres of ale, or a litre of wine per day...
and both of them is the spacial corp of unit code 02...
but then, unit code 06 arrives with the two people that build it…
but the 3rd mop driver is forced to leave the unit after the battle of Babylon, damage the person enough to stop the person’s mop driving life...
the unit name is corp of Leoshi, and Leoshi is the head of the unit...
and the first name of the head, that used a powerful wind wand...
and the girl called Chinage, a top 4 mop driver in the test that Tychip is also in...
but she only got the healing type wand, and her mop driving is only enough to take the 3rd place...
for Joyza, this is an odd thing to send a mission...
as the Corp of Leoshi is able to tell Joyza, John, and Rochu about the next mission...
this mission is a high level special mission, one that any emergency unit must go to...
but Maxvi only use the special corp for this type of mission, and unit EMT is in another mission that is not a mail job...
so Joyza, Rochu, and the corp of Leoshi goes to the work zones plan rooms, to talk about the new mission…

Chapter 4
an hour later, the talks begins...
"in the land that is ban for uses, just 500 kilometers North North East of Babylon anchorage, and 100 kilometers North of here", said Leoshi... 
"a small unit is watching some ships that is going that way, and the order to kill the ships is set", said Leoshi...
"but as the attack is set and ready, a storm enter the land, and stop the attack into the next day", said Leoshi...
"but in that night, a thunderstorm enter the land, and kill the ships, without anyone be able to get out in time", said Leoshi...
"but then, as the sun rises up, the unit find only a magic gun", said Leoshi...
Joyza is shock that a magic gun is built at all...
but Rochu tell Leoshi that a gun like that will be bomb orb by now...
sadly the gov-core is unable to do so, because something is stopping that move...
so Joyza, Rochu, and John gets the mission...
the next day, the special corp, and the corp of Leoshi arrives at the guns location...
Rochu is able to see the gun as a Ashnuim fuel, twin 8 meters in diameter, by 10 meters long track, a 12 meters in diameter, by 3 meters long core, and use 100 kilograms per track magic gun...
and next to it, is a small village...
Joyza is shock about this village being there...
but Rochu see a camouflage unit called a cloak shield...
the cloak shield is a system that shield anything from the attacks, and cloak anything from being seen...
this also made bomb orb-ing the location can end in a blood bath...
but then, a girl is running away from the village, and an attacker is at her back...
this attacker is an odd unit called a light landship...
but, it is no more than a land robot 35, with just 20 grams of Ashnuim...
the girl soon fall down, and about to be shot to death...
but Joyza destroyed the landship before it can shoot...
the girl is shock into a high that she cannot stop,  and in the end, she falls into her enslave self, and start obeying Joyza, and Leoshi, every word...
as her super driver...
what happens next is already in the mission to go home...
some time later, Joyza, Rochu, John, and corp of Leoshi, is in a camp outside the guns point of view...
and check the girl for any hope...
then Joyza starts to realise that this girl is princess Ashmay, a princess that is going to be the Queen of Fairchu island...
but got kidnapped, about 2 years ago...
and no one can found her since...
but the special core save her from anything worse...
only to see the magic gun as a mission that must be done...
so the princess will be Leoshi's girl to be care for, and will stay out of it, as Joyza will end this...
the next day, Joyza enter the guns HQ to stop the gun...
with John, Rochu, and Chinage checking the village for any data...
but she find some boys and girls doing love like a grow-up...
Joyza is wearing a hooded clock to help buy some time, but find out that the two girls is doing high class spells too soon to be ready...
so she try to stop the two girls...
but before she can do it, someone put the headset on Joyza, and turn it on...
in seconds, a spell hit Joyza, and she turns into a teach slave...
the one who did it, is a pregnant teach slave called teach, and her best girl named Airso, and Airso called her title, super driver...
after enough time, Joyza is following Teach to someone home just to train a low level girl...
in the end, Joyza leaves the HQ, without doing damage to the gun...
meanwhile, John is able to get some girls to talk about this place...
but find out that this land is built over a lost gun that made the ban possible...
and the gun is rebuilt to be an icon for the super driver...
but the gun must be destroyed, before it is too late...
so John is forced to see the attack as the only option...
meanwhile, Rochu enter a bar, to drink some beer, and see the two girls that showing off the pregnant body...
but the bar owner only serve some juice to her...
for Rochu, she rarely drink juice after being age 15, or about 5 years ago...
and see the girls drinking juice, by the litres...
so Rochu drink the juice, and try to talk to the girl...
but then, Rochu falls asleep on the ground...
and the bar owner see her as a good one to enslave...
then, Rochu wakes up inside the HQ, and lock to a medal bed...
as Rochu try to get out of it, a person enters the room...
this person, is a high class girl that got kidnapped 6 years old, but brainwash to be a super driver...
for 10 minutes, Rochu try to break her out of it...
but Rochu is forced to watch, as poor boys and girls works to build a brainwash land of super driver...
then, a person named Crashly enter the room, with the tool to brainwash Rochu...
the girl is happy to see Crashly, as he is the head of the "project"...
after some talking about it, Rochu will still never able to be built at all...
but Crashly is not going to stop...
then Rochu started to show signs of enslaving, as Rochu is under the enslaving ring...
but it is just the start...
the next day, Leoshi is able to set up the base to send a call of help...
but any help will not arrives before something else happens...
for John, only him, and the corp of Leoshi is able to leave the village...
and Ashmay is still under Leoshi control...
Chinage tells Leoshi that the Queen of the Fairchu island will kick Ashmay out, if she can't be free...
so John, and the corp of Leoshi go out and still search for a way to stop the gun...
some time later, John is searching for Joyza to talk about the HQ attack...
but, John find Joyza under the headset power, and started to brainwash a young girl into the super driver...
but the girl is unable to become a super driver, and want to be a shop owner...
but then, a damage super driver attack Joyza to kill the young girl...
only to destroyed the headset on Joyza, and end up being taking down by John...
the damage super driver is a poor girl that never win anything by failing too many times...
but Joyza is free from the headset, and John tell joyza about the village new data...
but in the end, Joyza and John is forced to attack the gun, and end the village, once and for all...
and the girl soon become Joyza's new friend, and become a team Dragoon member...
for the girl, this is the end of one life, and the start of another...
meanwhile, Chinage is in the bar, just eating some food...
while a pregnant teacher is happy to drink her time away, with her girls...
Chinage however, is worry about Rochu...
but then, someone enter the bar, for some juice...
Chinage look around, and see her...
it is Rochu, but something is not right...
she is wearing a mind control headset, and an enslaving ring, and drink the love potion as a standard super driver...
but Chinage is not going to lose her becoming one...
so Chinage try to save Rochu from her enslave own...
but once the mind control headset is on Chinage, it is over, as Chinage is falling into the village mindset...
then, Rochu found Chinage to drink the love potion, and end up being the super driver...
and goes to the HQ for retraining work…
3 hours later, HQ is in a resting setup.
but then John, Joyza, the girl, and Leoshi enter the HQ, and attack it...
for 5 minutes, the group is damaging the building for the control room...
and the high class people of the village turn the gun on, start the charging of the gun...
but once inside the training room, Joyza found Chinage in bad shape...
the girl and Leoshi will save Chinage from the brainwashing...
but the gun is not in john to do list anymore, as the group is now too damage to go on...
but after all that, Joyza is not able the leave this place in useble working order...
so Joyza goes to the control room...
10 minutes later...
Joyza enters the control room...
but it will be too late, as the gun is about to fire, but then...
""sound: medal sound for people landing, times 4""...
"yes, a hole", said Namitea...
as Namitea and Tychip is... doing a toilet run, on that small hole that goes to the control core...
"come on, I need to go", said Dechu...
"alright alright, I'm done", said Tychip...
then, Dechu and Seachu starts doing a toilet run, on the small hole while...
"Tychip, the Ashnuim here is usable for the mops", said Namitea...
"yes, now some fuel to go", said Tychip...
"transit the Ashnuim now", said Tychip...
but as the gun started to fall apart...
"transit is at 38%", said Tychip...
"hey what is steaming out where", said Namitea...
then the super driver tell Dechu to get out of the guns land...
"WHAT, this is not a toilet hole", said Dechu...
and with that, the super drivers attack unit EMT, just to shop "attacking" the gun...
but after 5 minutes of fighting, unit EMT is just too shied up, and just smart enough to be stop now, as the gun is off line and failing outright...
then, Tychip use spell delete that miss the super driver, and will hit the pregnant teacher...
but Rochu take the hit, and end up saving the girl...
the enslaving ring is remove by the action of this, the mind control headset is remove by the force of it, and the love potion is deleted by the spell...
"teach, are you alright", said the young girl...
"yes I'am OK are you", said the pregnant teacher...
"yes, I'am OK", said the young girl...
then...
"what, hey, you attack-", said the young girl, before Rochu slam her body on the young girl...
"What, what happen", said Rochu...
"well, you only free her from my spell, but it is over", said Tychip as she ready herself another spell...
"Tychip, save your spells, she a member of team Dragoon", said Joyza...
"what, she, is one of the,", Tychip says in shock...
"Joyza, you has to cut it this way", said Rochu...
"well she must be a bad girl with her drinking", said the young girl...
but then, Dechu attacks John, as a hello card...
by in one shot, John take Dechu down, and the gun along with it...
Dechu only survives, because he is wearing a battle suit from a mission that is now done...
for John, timing is the hell to him...
then as the people start to runaway, Bonnie Aircorp arrives to stop the people...
in the end, the gun is gone, and so is the village...
but the damage to the brainwash people, is now too deep to be rebuild back into the peoples old life’s...
the next day, John, Joyza, Rochu, and corp of Leoshi is inside team Dragoon HQ, just to talk about the mission with Maxvi...
after enough time, Maxvi tell the spceial core that it will be credited...
but Maxvi also says that only 20% of the $40'000 reward will be send, or $8'000 for the 5 people...
plus, the queen of Fairchu inland is happy to see the gun destroyed, and give $100'000 for saving the inland, and give $250'000 for saving Ashmay from the group...
so that is $358'000 in total, or $71'600 per person...
or with a $400 member tax, a $300 House tax, and $50 water tax, the total in $750 per person per day...
for John, with a total daily life cost is $1'150, or $1'900 in total, just 37 day is all that he cut will do, and he got $900 left before hand, so he goes back to work without a break...
for Joyza, with a total daily life cost is $700, or $1'450 in total, it got at least 49 days before it is used up, but having $15'000 left before hand, she next mission will starts in 2 days, and it wi not be stop at all...
for Rochu, with a total daily life cost is $700-$900, or $1'450-$1'650 in total, at all levels 43 to 49 days is all that she can get, and she just got $400 left before hand...
but she is in bad enough shape that she will not work today...
and she will be staying here for 3 days, so life is always hard...
and for the corp of Leoshi, with a total cost of $1'300, or $2'800 in total, being a new unit, and the total money is $143'200...
the unit will get 51 day before it is used up, but the unit will upgrade the gear to do better, and train up to become a better unit...
then Maxvi tell the special core that unit EMT got the 80% of the $40'00 reward, by the errors of checking...
but Ashmay is now so brainwash. that she is in Babylon island number 3, as an ex-princess...
for Ashmay, only her sister can save her from a bad ending, and will be a member of Team Babylon, a team that will help the brainwash people and slaves back to life...
and for team Dragoon, Ashmay sister called Seatsin is happy to see Ashmay alive, and still herself...
and for the special core, Maxvi take the Young girl in at unit code 02 new member...
as she will be the mop driver that will help the people that needed the help the most...
some time later...
"well, this is a good day", said Tychip...
"and today's meal will be-", said Tychip, before...
"man both Dechu and Seachu must be in the team club special pub", said Rochu, that enter unit EMT home, without Tychip hearing about it...
"hey you not a unit EMT member, how did you got in", said Tychip...
"simply Mistress, I got the key to this house after Dechu call me for free beer mistress", said Rochu...
"mistress, well you must be homeless by your job", said Tychip...
"not at all mistress", said Rochu...
"just call me Tychip, Rochu", said Tychip...
"yes, miss Tychip, my home is just a tent in the tent zone, and a tent that goes with me", said Rochu...
with her word, Tychip soon see Rochu, as a girl that need a home...
so Tychip try to help Rochu out in some way to change...
but after 4 day, Rochu become a unit EMT homemate...
and eats about $200 worth of food...
but most of the time is used to break free from a post hypnosis order that forced Rochu to give birth to a super driver, and obey Tychip word as orders...
but to break free from it, her way are change in order to save Rochu...
she drinks 3.60 litres of ale, or 500ml of wine, but she always but 300g of Ashnuim for Mop and wand use only, and all of it is per day...
that is now $1'280-$1'430 per day...
and Rochu will call unit EMT out when help will be needed...
but what will be next, is not going to be shows into it is time to do so...
and with that, the story must stop here, for now...
The Lost Story’s.
Small story’s
1: this side story starts, when Agata is getting some Mirberrys for Loa and Amy meal, it is one Season before the main story…
for Kam, he found Agata adventure seeker, to be grew out of thing, but Agata see Kam ways to be too old, and the village is no better for him.
So the next cycle, 8/Mew/Roshi/623AM.
Agata wakes up to found Loa and Amy unwell, with no doctor in the village, Agata must found a ways.
A Lap later, Sam arrives to see Loa and Amy for some ideas about a new boat, but he found Loa and Amy in bad shape, but he tell Agata soon after he check the two that the only type of aid that will works is called Luash, but it is not made in the village, and Loa is more unwell them Amy, but both will die in 42 Laps…
Two Laps later, Agata soon found that he must save Loa and Amy by going all the way up the mountain.
So, Agata goes up the mountain, and he see the village as a small land when the river goes out beyond his eye range.
Then, Agata found something on the other side of MT.Caneny, it is Caneny shop stop that is built 4 Seasons ago…
so once inside, Agata is trying to trying to found some Luash, but only one store that trued got it…
it is the Wise walker named Seaash Luhiwa, and he is seeing no hope in this shop stop, but Agata is without the money to buy anything, so he call a game of Gingo on Seaash…
but in the end, Seaash wins the game with 2 moves left before Agata can win it, he is in shock that everyone in the village cannot get near to stop him from winner it, but Seaash is just able to beat him at all, by the updated rules, and the will to survive, and win it with everything he got…
for Agata, this is a wake up call that life can send, but Seaash tell him that any more gingo will not change it, he can only buy it before he can get it…
but Agata is unable to get this info, so Seaash tell Agata this much, “unless he get the money, the world cannot able you to get away from it, because the world can always change by the will of the people, only one people is enough to stop you, it can be from anywhere, the change your world by the peoples hopes, the people fate in gods, and the people believes, and I know how to use my weapon”…
and with that, Agata are no option but to left Seaash without the Luash…
a Lap later, Agata is unable to found another one that got it, but but someone take a kid away from her Mum, a standard swords is set on this kid, it any walker attack…
while no walker can do it, Seaash knew him as Layeve, news out there is that this person is under town lock because of over-need of money and power, but Seaash soon found out that he lock the walker in the cop code, and that stop Seaash from stopping him…
but Agata take someone gun and goes after him, as the cop code is 10 Seasons death on Caneny village…
30 Pins of running later, he take Layeve down, before he can attack, Agata pointed the gun and says, “a loser like you will never understand it, this kids will not be your now, you just cross a line that no one can cross”, than he attack Agata with his sword, only to miss Agata before re-pointing the gun and says, “not do it, it is too late to attack, because I know how to use this gun, and I will use it”…
with that word, and the gun pointing at his hand, the person give up returns to the shop stop…
once back at the shop stop, the owner of Shop Stop named Cyrip Inhisi tell Layeve that using the Cop code to stop the walker from saving this Kid is going too far for the kid as her Mom runaway with her because he get inside too much damage bills…
so Layeve is now no longer welcome in the Shop Stop and will never come in for anything in this Shop Stop…
and with that, Layeve is out of the Shop Stop, and leaves with nothing, after 20 Cycles, he will die by the attack that fails, and the kid returned to her Mom as both her and her Mom becoming full worker and Walker of Caneny Village…
this Kid name is Wakena, and Seaash see the actions of Agata as a person, that cares about the people…
he also see the gun return back to a walker in a usable set, not ever a shot is used on this fail kidnapper…
a Lap later, Cyrip tell Agata that he actions is out of standard codes, but the person that use the Cop code at the walkers, leaves the code no option but to be shut down…
Agata only tell Cyrip that must some that got some Luash, but Cyrip tell Agata that this one is no for sell by the Doctor codes, only the doctor can get it, so he leave the Shop Stop, with nothing more, as he see this as nothing more than anyone bad turn, and shows everyone that the best way to do it, is to return to living a life…
a Lap later, Agata is up on the mountain when Seaash shows up, as Seaash see the village, he never knew a village that survive the flow-overs without losing lives or houses…
then Agata tell Seaash that the village is build on the hill because of it, for Seaash, this is new for anyone that never see it, but before Agata returns to the village, Seaash give Agata the Luash and some money for he’s actions, and he’s call to leave without anything else…
but then, Seaash tell Agata this, “Agata, if you want to Gingo me, then come to this Shop Stop every Mew cycle, I will be there, call on it”…
he take the call with the true that he save him family from a very, very bad turns, and with the Luash in hand, Agata goes home, to save Loa, and Amy…
in the end of this trip, Loa, and Amy woke up two Cycle later, with the energy to do Farmer once more…
and Agata returns every Mew cycle to see Seaash, and buy new things into the start of the Main story of The Lord of the Sky...
2: Rapshty (WIP-100)
it starts, when we in the village named Kaiemi village, this village is over 22 years old, But as we see a two bedroom house, a hero named Maxki Kodra walks outside...
For Maxki, he a good boy with a need of an adventure…
he is also a Auralish is a planets called Aurao, and on a continent named Austryo…
Austryo is a continent with 3 region is called Sydchu, and this village is one of 4 village in this regions…
so Maxki is goes to the bushes as he always do, but things can and will change without anyone knowing it…
30 minutes later, Maxki is in a bush’s to find a good route to see, but then, a Rapshty starter named Aeben shows up…
For Aeben, it is a good day to be a Rapshty starter…
in Rapshty, were are 3 types of overall Rapshty, Ground type, Air type, and Sea type, but for Maxki, a Rapshty starter is a bad thing and a foe to Aeben and all other Rapshty starter…
so, Aeben talk to Maxki for 5 minutes, but then, Maxki tell Aeben to leave this village at once…
then, Aeben leave Maxki to he’s world…
for Maxki, this is a standard way to fight…
10 minutes later, Maxki is ready to returning home, but then, he fined a junk aircraft in the bushes…
this aircraft is now junk by crashing to the ground…
and once 1.5 Metres away from it, he find an open door…
so Maxki goes inside the aircraft to to find out, and once inside the aircraft, Maxki is able to see what’s in there…
for Maxki, this is a finds that no other village will have…
as he found a small cube and a small pad, and in that pad, it is a video message from the unknown spy telling he or she that this pad is called the Rapshpad, and that this cube called Rapshcube is an odd thing…
the Rapshcube is an 8 centimetres by 8 centimetres by 8 centimetres, it is not have a compact setting, so storing it is very limited for light packer…
it have a 3 button designs go, return and reset, and it also have a HDPB port or heal, Data, and Power Bus…
for Maxki, this is a call of a lifetime, but after the message is ended, and outside the aircraft, he press go button, and the Rapshty come out…
and that Rapshty is a Sea Type Penguin called Naedawn, but this one is not your standard one…
a standard Naedawn tell him that this is new to him, and he cannot do anything for Maxki…
then, after some talking, Maxki tell it to stop it and just hold on…
and then, Maxki pulls the return button, and Naedawn returns to the Rapshcube…
then call the Naedawn as he’s pet.
So a minute later, Maxki leave for home.
Meanwhile, a SAR team is searching for a Naedawn, but it is too late, once the team find a down aircraft…
for one person, this is a sad day…
then, someone tell her that someone are taking it, and she tell that person to look around…
so the team starts searching around the bush with the hope for founding the Rapshcube…
meanwhile, Maxki arrives home to tell he mom and dad, but only find changes, when a house keeper show up to tell Maxki that he mom and dad is gone…
Mom and dad is holidaying in a Aeocoy, but Maxki is unable to go due to high cost and Maxki is now too old to stay home…
for the house keeper, a friend house is doable, but Maxki is now alone after this one true, and he will be called the Rapshty starter…
so Maxki is now forced to leave home…
after enough time, when Maxki is ready to go…
then, the house keeper tell Maxki that this house will be here, always...
And then, Maxki tell the house keeper, just goodbye…
so with a Nsedawn, a year old bike and 3 day of food and water, Maxki leave home to see the world and to found the unknown spy, but meanwhile, the team is able to find this planes, and it is nearby the village, so the team search the planes, but she is too late, as Maxki find her talking Naedawn…
so in the next day, Maxki is a day away from Kaiemi village, but a battle is started by a wild Air type named Alibat…
a Alibat is the bat type species, so once in battle mode, Maxki pull the go button, and Naedawn leave the Rapshcube…
Naedawn starts with raped peck, and it hit Alibat wing 3 times, but Alibat used Sonicbite to Naedawn head, it is a 2X damage hits…
then, Naedawn used pound, it hit Alibat body and forced Alibat to leave the battlefield…
Maxki win this battle, but with no new Rapshcube, he unable net-cube it…
so Maxki recall Naedawn, and leave the battlefield…
the next day, Maxki arrives in a town called Kaiemi…
he only got a day of food and water leftover, but Naedawn tell Maxki that with must be the starter first level orders…
so he enter a shop and of 3 days of food, water, and fire-starter, and once it is done, he goes to see something good at the stage show…
two hours later, Maxki is in Kaiemi park…
so he can talk to Naedawn, but a young person named Carvis is looking for a battle with anyone…
for Maxki, this is a good one to shut down…
so Maxki show himself and Carvis call a battle starting…
Carvis pull the go button and a Ground type, Mouse class Rapshty called Bisuse leave the Rapshcube…
then Maxki send Naedawn go to battle. Naedawn starts with pound and it hit Bisuse right leg, but Bisuse head-butt hit Naedawn body at 0.312 seconds off…
Naedawn it not too damage by the attack, so Naedawn used raped peck…
Naedawn attack hit Bisuse tail…
Bisuse used Scratch and hit Naedawn arm, but then, Naedawn used sonic beam, and hit Bisuse with enough damage to take Bisuse down…
and with that, the Battle is over…
for Carvis, this is a first lose her ever have as a Rapshty starter…
Maxki is shock that he take down a Rapshty starter with only one Rapshty…
so Maxki starts talking to Carvis about anything odd…
an hour later, Maxki and Carvis are able to talk enough to stop any more bullying setting being used…
so Maxki is walking to the shop for food, but the rests, is unable to be R&D…
so the Rapshty League Organization and the bad team, is all that the story is unable to tell…
3: It starts, in an Airport on an inland called Ashchu…
for a 16 years old man, and he is in job shop for a job, any job that pays, but very few jobs is open to anyone…
then, the worker find a job in the Army…
so he takes the job without any more info…
3 Days later, at a base-port near the village…
he is in the cleaning team for 25 Credit per Day, but after 3 days of it, he for out that most of the good job is in big city’s…
Then a code red is heard, but he must cleaned the Arms room…
so he goes to the Arms room…
once inside, he starts the cleaning steps, but, he misstep himself and enter the Armour suit for him, this is a good on to do, but it is too late, as the suit turns on and close the suit on him…
it is not long before the LAL system truns on and the room to the Cat-SL gun…
and once in the Cat-SL gun…
he leave the gun at, 200KPH, and Autoset takes over…
so he leave the base, without a say in the matter…
an hour later, he is in the battlefield, but he only see a lot of Armour suits In the sky’s, ten’s of units…
then out of no way, an Armour suits is at he back shooting at him…
after a minute, he is forced to slow down, but he slow down so many, that the Armour suit is forced to past him…
then, he shoot 28 laser shots, and it take the Armour suit down…
then a team of 4 arrives, but in the end, two armour suit is destroyed and the 3rd one leaves the battlefield…
and then, he is able to control it, and leaves the battlefield…
an hour later, he arrives back to home-sky with no one seeing…
then, he turn on the auto land setting, and made a clear landing, but will it survive the battles after-fall…
I not know, it is not built up enough...
4: it is started, in the blank sky’s of space…
as we starts to see an unknown planet with 3 moons, but then, a ship jump out of something called warp gate…
this ship is built for 300 peoples, but this one is 360 more people than designs, and got too many damage to be repaired…
then two war-craft jump out of warp gate, and attack…
after 10 minute, the ship is forced to renter in the unknown planet, but it is beyond hope, as the life pod leave the ship, but with 3 seconds left, the last undock pod leave before hitting the planets air…
10 seconds or less later, the ship is destroyed into 10’000’s of big pieces, but I sad to report that only 123 people have enter the 18 pods out of 48 and undock before re-entered.
Anyone in the ship now is done without anything of find…
for one pod, it’s story, starts an hour later, as the pod landed on the sanded beach head in a bush like inland named Merwn, the inland is got no boats, and once open, 8 people goes outside, but for them, the inland is now home to the people, so a wise hunter Riwn, and a young kid named Maka goes to see the islands…
an hour later, Riwn find some thing that work, an old hall just outside an odd village, but Riwn can only see this hall as a good home to all of the 7 people…
“Can I just go in, and try to find some food”, said Maka, and Riwn tell Maka to go for it…
so Maka goes into the village…
30 minutes later, Maka is shock to found that this village is destroyed…
the village died is a day ago, so the food is still in good shape, but then, Maka found something…
it is a young kid named Cody, is with he sister named Dawnlong or Dawn…
she cannot move, due to the battle that leave she without a leg to stand…
so why happened now…
that, I not know, it is too small…

Small ideas
1: this story is a special one for Cynxin, as this story is a big point that turn what is standard into what is real…
it is, the story about the born of Cyn-X…
it starts, in the Cynxin year 85APF, in a small moon base called Moon base-Mavis…
for an 18 Cynxin year old robot chief named Ash Mewron, he repairs all types of robot that comes to him, but he’s family is unhappy about he job, and needing to put some standard to him…
so one Cyndays, he is just finishing a repair job when a slave arrives to tell him to starts retraining at a special base, but in two Cyndays, both him and the slave will end up, in a shut down base that only got Air robots…
because of a Bully team that down the transports…
for Ash, this is just disastrous, but before long, he just got the phone to work, only to found out that he’s family is under the Mini-King of S121-124 controls, and he is an outcast of he’s job, this is going too far for Ash…
so, he is alone with the slave, but then, a small transport arrives to save the kids from the enslaver, and once docks, the kids goes inside with food to used, but the slave is not going to be open, and try to send the kids back, but one kids hit her in the head and ended up breaking a mind chip…
for Ash, the true will find him…
2: this side story starts, as the sun starts to rise, it is 21/Mon/Mimi/623AM, 6 Terms and 17 Cycles before the main story of The Lord of The Sky…
for a girl named Vivi, she is the lord of the village at the time, the village is named Robinshi, and this village is a standard land, but Tocycle, something happen that change everything, as a young unknown girl named Mayin show up looking for a person…
Vivi found her not be able to work, so Vivi try to help her…
3 laps later, Vivi found her, but to Vivi misscall, she got Sorany ears, or bunny ear in human teams, and her name is Oddchu…
for Vivi, this is the oddest thing she ever see…
and Oddchu is in need of help, as a landpit is made by a small flyer that is shot down, but two Laps later, Vivi home is attack, and Vivi is trying to shop it, but Oddchu soon see that it is too late to save the village, and the people that now running away is all that will be left once then village is gone…
that is due to one thing that happen…
at the end of all this, Vivi find an odd flyer, and after some time, Oddchu use the odd flyer to leave the village with 20 Soshis, but then, a stun shot hit Vivi arm, and 2 unknown persons, and 2 LR-35s show up…
for Vivi, this is the end, but Mayin soon tell the unknown group to stand down…
and as she show her face Vivi soon see she having Sorany ears too, then one unknown person show he face, but the other one drop the guns…
the name of this person is Lvyma Ginchu, and he also got Sorany ears, and call her Sup-Queen Mayin…
Vivi is shock about this, but she tell her to run, run for your life…
Vivi soon see that Lvyma is not going to stop once he see a slave to be getting, Village runaway from the group, and Before Lvyma can shot, Mayin put herself at the line of fire, and that haves stop the group just in time to get a call from the Mini-King of Base-Jet to end the mission…
but the data is now too damage to keep playing...
3: It starts, in the Season 606AM, as the Town of Pewfion is under big woes…
Ashchu is a young farmer that serve good food to Pewfion Town, but the number of people is too many for long life farmer, but he brother is more a high cost seller, with no code to stop selling bad food, but one cycle, the Orchu family arrives to stays here, and the family eat food like the lords…
for Ashchu, the food number is not able to do…
and after 20 Cycle, Ashchu is doing the runs, when he find a female, but one Cycle, something happen that changed he life…
that thing, is the female being attack by her sister…
after some Aid, Ashchu take her to a good inn and try to repair her life, but some fools add a love drug to the Oatwheat ale, and send it to a girl, but end it up giving it to the female, and started to lose control…
10 pins later, she loss all control to herself, and ended up in love with Ashchu…
45 Pins later, both Ashchu and the female is on the bed after some bed-play, but before someone can stop her, she tell Ashchu, her name…
the next Cycle, he own brother arrives to tell Ashchu about new idea to make more food, but find the female with Ashchu…
brother is both shock and mad, as this female is too lord like standard to Ashchu, but now, he and Ashchu is in the battle for words, just to see who will win, but he brother cross the line of souls first, by telling Aschu that he farm will never be build at all, because he is just a lord just like Orchu’s…
Then, Ashchu cross, two line that ends he farming cycles here…
the first, is about the lords will never see a farmer to ever be the lords…
and the second, is saying the female name, and it is Loa Orchu, (but due to family name being changed, she is the female now called Loa Kiitfa)…
the brother heard it, but in the end, he and he brother’s Mum heard all 3 lines crossing, and stop the battle without anymore time to lose…
the next Cycle, Ashchu is now at the Shop stop, with no home to go back…
the fools that made this mess found him, and says, “I’m sorry for any falling out that he turn made, he take it well, but he found himself in a program that starting a new story…
3 Cycles later, Ashchu is at the dock ready to leave the town, but then Loa enter he boat as he undock the boat…
Ashchu is in shock that Loa just ended up on his boat, but Loa is just happy to be free from her family codes…
so once both Ashchu and Loa is able to set a plan, both leave the town to Caneny Village…
you can say, both Ashchu and Loa become the Kiitfa family with no other family line…
the brother is able to rebuild the farm, but once Leo is born, he will never be the same person again…
and Ashchu wil died in the overfill of Caneny Village, but Ashchu end he life, both a hero to the Caneny Village, and a family man to Agata and Amy, and Loa is able to be a mum to Agata, and Amy into the main story of The Lord of The Sky…
the family of Loa, is the only story that is still to be tell…
4: The Disability Hero of Mewfuze.
once upon a time, as a sun rise in a small 300'000 plus city called Mewfuze city, but in the high job land, a junkyard is open to all people, by the owner named Ronvolt is a junk seller by family ties, but he are once a racer, but after a race crash, he never race again when he find out that he lose both legs by this crash.
but before long, Ronvolt got the call from a disability person about some junk to more.
he reply, and leave for this run, but will he found a worker...
who will know...
Somewhere at the poor house zone...
a young kid named Steelash is able to build a probe bot to help mail him family.
for Steelash, he is a good builder of probes and computers, but he is a leg less one, and not have a wheelchairs to get around...
so Steelash is just trying to live a good life, but then someone call him for a meal in a high class zone.
for Steelash, this is the only time to do it, since he never goes to this zone...
so Steelash says, "I'm be there"...
so on this night...
we see a 5 level building, in the high class zone...
it is a special building to only the high class disability people, and it is a good kid care centre is the city...
for Steelash, this is a not go to a poor person and Steelash is more able, but after a meal, Steelash is hopping home, but the people is looking at the building every night, as the city hopes for the future...
and Steelash is able to see the building as a goal, but, something goes boom...
and the building is now on fire...
so Steelash goes inside the building...
3 minutes later, Steelash is inside the building to find some people to save...
after just 5 minutes, he only just find two kids, but then, something fall downs and close down a way out...
for Steelash, this is very bad for anyone now.
it Steelash not get out soon, the building will kill him...
and the 2 kids will died, but Steelash just cannot died in this building, so he tries to break......
(old TV type buzz sound)
......
wait, we lose a cam just now.
oh Monty...
I trued sorry about this.
future ideas
(all of this, is still working on it, so please give me time to work on it)

1: Axgia.
As a small ship called Tyson, is in space, in S011, P4, and in a very bad shape.
And only got 4 Cynxin days of food and water.
But the Caption named Maxleaf is trying to keep the ship flying.
then a ship arrives to find a cargo ship.
This ship is not going to save any ship that is not a cargo ship.
So when Maxleaf call out a call to help Tyson.
The ship fly on, without any recalls.
And Tyson got no Air Robots to forced any ship to stop and help.
3 cynxin hours later, Maxleaf is able to set the route to a spaceport that can repair the ship…
but warpgate is damage enough to forced Maxleaf to fly for 2 cynxin days, before warpjumping to the port, and it will need 3 cynxin days to get there…
but sadly, the engines will not fly at 100% anymore, not without any repairs that is not possible…
so as the ship flys at 35% power, Maxleaf try to repair the engine, but it is no use...
7 cynxin hours later, Maxleaf is in need of help now.
As the ship is starting to failed all together.
Just then, Axgia arrive to get away from a wave of F’ul’awn.
But finding Tyson is more than needed, and the damage is only enough to stop any flying, but still warpjump to S041, P5.
And no one can save Tyson without finding a spaceport.
So Axgia and Tyson warpjump to S041, P5.
2 Cynxin hours later, Aaron enter the build zone to see Ikri.
After 10 Cynxin days of flying after docking at SP-Ashxin, Axgia lose only 3 AR1, out of 50 working units, or 47 AR1 units left.
Axgia also got 3 FR4, and 2 FR6 as control ships.
And refill the ship about 3 Cynxin days ago.
But Irki knows that saving the ship will be hard to do.
And running from a wave of 50 FR3, 40 FR6, 24 FR8, and 3 warships, is more than hard enough.
6 Cynxin hours after Warpgate from S011, P4, in S041, P5, Axgia, and Tyson arrives at the Spaceport called HSP-Minash.
A lost port that can only repair down ships.
But Tyson must dock at once, so Tyson dock in, and start the repairs.
For Maxleaf, the repairs will take two Cynxin Days to be fix’s up.
But any attack will be the end of Tyson.
a Cynxin day later, Tyson repairs is going well, and set the ship to help the Axiga out.
For Aaron, the port will be a good place to repair the ship.
but then, Kami tell Aaron about the wave of F’ul’awn from another place.
This wave size is, a small cargo ship called V’ul’age, 2 FR3, and 8 FR6.
At this sizes, the place will be attack, but the port is not attack for 2 Cynxin years without anyone in there.
And with the Tyson inside the port, the attack will forced the wave that Axgia is running away from it.
So Aaron order Goty to set-up an attack team to stop the wave.
Some time later, Axgia un-bay 20 AR1, 2 FR4, and 2 FR6, to be set into 2 teams.
Team 1 will be form of 8 AR1, and 1 FR4, just to shield the port and ships.
While team 2 will be form of 12 AR1, 1 FR4, and 2 FR6, as a 4 AR’s to 1 FR groups.
For 5 Cynxin minutes, Goty, Kami, and Soshi work hard to save Tyson and the port.
And the Air Robot fight it out to survive.
them Irki enter V’ul’age computer, and turn off the control set for the FR’s.
The battle stops once the FR is shut down, then Goty used the take over computer code, to take over the V’ul’age, 2 FR3, and 2 FR6, ending the battle.
For Ashbee, this battle ended just in time, as the other wave just jump away.
As Aaron order an order a clean up job to leave no battle field, Ashbee order the V’ul’age to dock at once.
but the clean up shows the battle, only Team 1 is still flying at 8 AR1, and a FR4.
Team 2 sadly lose 7 AR1, or 2 rebuild-able to 5 junk, and a FR4 that is now junk.
But the foe lose this battle at 6 FR6, or 3 rebuilt-able to 3 junk, and total control of the ship.
Once the ship is dock at Minash, Axgia recall all craft, and send the 2 FR3, and 8 AR1, to spaceship Tyson.
Two Cynxin hours later, Aaron and Joy enter the ship by the Minash after docking the Axgia.
Aaron is looking for the crew to get info about this ship.
only to find 8 sleeping slaves in the ship, and no crew in the ship.
Aaron is in shock, but Joy see it as a hard truth to take in.
and the computer is easy to take over, but any info that Aaron wants is not in the computer…
but Aaron cut him lossy, and free the slaves…
3 cynxin hours later, Aaron made the 2 slaves into the new crew for the Axgia…
the 2 other slaves into the Minash crew, and the 4 other slaves into Maxleaf crew for the Tyson... 
and the V’ul’age is rename to the Valge for the port to port cargo run...
but in the end of the cynxin day, the port must be move out, so the next cynxin day, Axgia, and Tyson tow the port into warpjump.
2 Cynxin days later, in S051, P4, Axgia and Tyson arrives with HSP-Minash.
The caption of Ashxin tell Aaron about the port being too old.
But after 10 Cynxin minutes of talking, all ports understands the need to help each other.
So the heavy spaceport will stay.
for SP-Ashxin, the heavy spaceport is going to stay, as Axgia will turn it into the base  for all ships.
For Axgia, this port is home for Axgia, and Ashxin shield setting is so good that Axgia see it as a good thing.
for Tyson, the base is a good one.
2: Enterprise School City.
it starts, as Tydawn is waking up to a sunny day, in Enterprise School City...
"Boy, another morning to me", said Tydawn...
"Moning Tydawn", said Iris...
"so what the supplies at today", said Tydawn...
"it is good, all stocks is in good shape", said Iris...
"thank you, well, I going to the city for a restock run", said Tydawn...
"well then, good day Tydawn", said Iris...
"good day Iris", said Tydawn...
So Tydawn goes to city for a restock job...
2 hours later...
Lucyshi is setting up the cafe for another busy...
with Bulma being the maid of Lucy high tea cafe...
but then, someone enter the cafe, in total shock...
"hey, what happen", said Bulma...
"there, there is a bus crash, at the stage zone, the-", said the student before Lucyshi leaves the cafe to find Gingku, and Nae...
"Lucyshi, why", said Bulma, "this is bad, I got to call Tydawn"...
10 minute later, Lucyshi arrives at the crash site...
only to see Nae helping out 2 students with only light damage and shock...
then Lucyshi find Gingku in shock, but helping a friend, but no damage can be finds...
then, the bus driver is able to get out of the bus...
but Nae calls out healer to help out the techer...
he is dieing unless anyone can help him...
an hour later...
Tydawn is at the heath unit, after being recall home, by Bumla...
and after founding Lucyshi, Nae, and Gingku, Lucyshi tell Tydawn about the bus crash...
the bus crash has stop the bus's once again, and the people must be heal, fast...
but the heath unit is slow, it will take about 2 hours just to get help each and every person...
due to high cost, and low money flow...
so the doctors is doing the best that anyone can...
but then, the doctor find and tell Tydawn that the Mayor is calling him to the meeting...
1 hour later
Tydawn arrives at the mayor office for a meeting
the Mayor call the safely unit to find the failure’s of the bus corp...
but the new head of bus driver is not going to able it...
after enough time, Tydawn calls for the bus corp to be check up, as a test the call...
the next day, the doctors call in...
the a student is ok...
but, the doctor says, "the teacher B-11, died at 3:32PM today, about a hour ago"...
for the mayor, this is a total lose of life, and the schools selling point...
in the end, the school city time table is forced to change, just so walking from place to place is more doable...
and the bus drivers is forced to work harder to keep it running...
but at 9:30am, Week 7 Day 4, as we are at Tydawn cafe...
it is a standard day for Enterprise school city...
and Tydawn cafe is able to start the cafe without another mess coming up...
a hour and 30 minutes later, we at the waste unit of enterprise school city...
for the level 0's, this, is, hell, to the failure’s...
this unit is built 50 years ago, and holds up to 50'000 level 0 students...
but 5 years ago, a person named Nutnet takes the posts under cash cut backs...
and he forced male to work too hard, and brainwash the female to be the owners house wife.
the brain female sell itself to the owner for cash to hold the school city together...
but Lucyshi is able take the brainwash slave job without getting brainwash herself...
but Lucyshi also knows that...
Nutnet also burn the repair books to pay more cashs and tell the mayor a lie about the repairs and stop the safely unit for doing him job...
but Nutnet is not able to stop the students from seeing him as a bitch...
and he will never change...
but at 12:00pm, something breaks...
it is the building that is starting to fails...
15 minutes later, the building care in, and the people leave the kill zone...
then, Nutnet soon find he self in the kill zone, and try to leave the zone.
but then, Nutnet... well... he only says, "NNOOOO", up loud...
and died where, by the building hat is falling down...
an hour later, the school city is in total fail call.
as the waste unit is out of order, and need help, now...
so the people is trying to save the waste unit people...
but only 10'000 students and crew survive the disaster of enterprise school city waste unit...
for Lucyshi, she takes 3 people to the cafe, and 2 of them are friends of Lucyshi under her old name...
for Tydawn, he save 300 people by doing first aid, and takes 4 people to the cafe...
but once he sees the disaster, Tydawn is forced to leaves for the Mayor office...
but once there, the Mayor is trying to call Nutne about the disaster, but Nutnet is killed, and no one is left to take control of it.
but the mayor is unable to stop the call...
"Alright, I will call the safely unit in, but the cost will break the school apart, clear", said the mayor.
"yes, I understand, but this is beyond standard that the waste unit fails this badly", said Tydawn.
for Tydawn, this is just the beginning...
10:00am, week 6 day 5, Enterprise school heath unit.
by now, all class's is in need to help and running on code only setup...
then the safely unit arrives by aircraft, to see the waste unit for a safely check...
and after enough time, the mayor and the safely units leave for the waste unit..
30 minutes later, the safely unit goes inside the waste unit...
for the Mayor, it is only going down from here...
as something happening that forced the school to change even more...
and after 2 hours or more, the safely unit leaves the waste unit...
at 1:30pm, week 6 day 5, inside the mayor office.
as we see it, this is a bad time, the money cuts is only buying time...
and the fund-riser is just 10% left...
"and so be it, you got 24 month to fix this, or his city died", said the head of this safely unit...
and after enough time...
"I so sorry mayor, but your waste unit is shut down into it is up to code, up to $300'000'000'000 of upgrades and fixes", said the head of this safely unit...
"but that will shut the school down", said the Mayor...
but once the head of safely unit leaves, and after 5 hours for think about the waste unit, and the repairs that must take place...
this is too late to stop the damage now, and all the level 0's must be free, and be part of the school once more...
so is the meeting with all of the students, and owners, he says, "and that’s why, level 0 is no longer going to continued, as the now was", said the mayor, "so from today on, level 0 is destroyed, and all survives student will return to the classrooms as before the level 0 take them away from him family"...
for Tydawn, this is the one that ever happen, but the next day, as Tydawn is able to get the money for the cafe, and leave to get the cafe open, someone destroyed the door by the Explosion.
by the time that KSX attack ends, the Cp vault is burned down, and Mavis is unable to save the day.
so as the mayor gets the call that the school city is death without any action, after enough time, the mayor is forced to use real money to stop the school from another bigger disaster, and do the money cut.
but before it can save the school, 15'000 teachers walk out of school city, never to return, and never of save the school again.
and the leftover, is still WIP, so this is the best I can do...
3: the story of EMT.
a weeks later, Unit EMT is goes in a rescue mission with Namitea now a unit member...
then, Tychip find a girl that is unable to move...
as she is under an enslaving ring...
after enough time, unit EMT is forced to find anyone that can help out.
then, one Male that use a wheelchair arrives to see what is going on here...
Tychip is able to see someone's help as a good thing...
as he is a master of a wand company...
after enough time, Tychip is only able to free the girl, but the master is able to see the girl as too damage to live alone...
so Unit EMT enter the Brothel that the master tell the unit about it, just to save the girl.
but find Dawnrain as a love member...
and her master named Icepic...
Dechu not like Icepic for being the girl master, but he can see the girl mind...
and tell the EMT that the girl can only be rebuild...
after a few ups and downs, The girl is free from the chains, and can live a good life...
and after enough time, unit EMT return home with a new member, and a new unit...
and that alone, is more than most Teams have ever got for one mission, but the story, will go on, as the leftover, is not built just yet, so you have to wait into it be ready...
Translate test
1:this story is a special one for Cynxin, as this story is a big point that turn what is standard into what is real…
it is, the story about the born of Cyn-X…
it starts, in the Cynxin year 85APF, in a small moon base called Moon base-Mavis…
for an 18 Cynxin year old robot chief named Ash Mewron, he repairs all types of robot that comes to him, but he’s family is unhappy about he job, and needing to put some standard to him…
so one Cyndays, he is just finishing a repair job when a slave arrives to tell him to starts retraining at a special base, but in two Cyndays, both him and the slave will end up, in a shut down base that only got Air robots…
because of a Bully team that down the transports…
for Ash, this is just disastrous, but before long, he just got the phone to work, only to found out that he’s family is under the Mini-King of S121-124 controls, and he is an outcast of he’s job, this is going too far for Ash…
so, he is alone with the slave, but then, a small transport arrives to save the kids from the enslaver, and once docks, the kids goes inside with food to used, but the slave is not going to be open, and try to send the kids back, but one kids hit her in the head and ended up breaking a mind chip…
for Ash, the true will find him…

Japanese
このストーリーはCynxinにとって特別なものです。このストーリーは標準的なものを現実のものに変える大きなポイントなのです… 
それは、Cyn-Xの誕生についての話です… 
それは、Cynxin年85APFに、Moon base-Mavisと呼ばれる小さな月の基地で始まります… 
Ash Mewronという名前の18 Cynxin歳のロボットチーフのために、彼は彼に来るすべてのタイプのロボットを修理します、しかし、彼の家族は彼の仕事について不幸です、そして、彼に何らかの標準を置く必要があります… 
1つのCyndays、彼は奴隷が特別な基地で再訓練を開始するように彼に告げるために到着したときにただ修理作業を終えています、しかし2つのCyndaysでは、彼と奴隷の両方… 
いじめっ子 チームの おかげで トランスポートがダウンした… 
アッシュのために、これは単なる 悲惨 です が、ずっと前に、彼はちょうど電話が動作するようになった、彼だけが家族だということが分かったとすると、アン Dの ER S121-124コントロールのミニ王 である 、と彼は 彼が 仕事 ですが 見捨てられ ています これはAshには行き過ぎです… 
それで、彼は奴隷と一人でいるが、その後、奴隷から子供を救うために小さな輸送手段が到着し、一旦ドッキングすると、子供は使用する食物と一緒に中に入りますが、奴隷は開かれようとせず子供たちを送り返すが、一人の子供たちが頭の中で彼女を殴ってしまい、マインドチップを壊してしまった… 
アッシュのために、真実は彼を見つけるでしょう… 

Spanish
Esta historia es especial para Cynxin, ya que esta historia es un punto importante que convierte lo que es estándar en lo que es real... 
Es, la historia sobre el nacimiento de Cyn-X... 
comienza, en el año 85APF de Cynxin, en una pequeña base lunar llamada Base de la Luna-Mavis... 
para un jefe de robot de 18 años de edad Cynxin llamado Ash Mewron, repara todos los tipos de robot que se le presentan, pero su familia no está contenta con su trabajo y necesita ponerle algún estándar... 
así que un Cyndays, acaba de terminar un trabajo de reparación cuando llega un esclavo para decirle que comience a entrenarse nuevamente en una base especial, pero en dos Cyndays, ambos, él y el esclavo, terminarán en una base cerrada que solo tiene robots aéreos.... 
Debido a un equipo de Bully que bajó los transportes... 
para Ash, esto es sólo desastroso, pero en poco tiempo, que acaba de conseguir que el teléfono funcione, sólo para encontrar que es de la familia es anti d er el Mini-Rey de los controles S121-124, y él es un marginado de él es trabajo, esto va demasiado lejos para Ash... 
así que, él está solo con el esclavo, pero luego, llega un pequeño transporte para salvar a los niños del esclavizador, y una vez que atraca, los niños entran con la comida para usar, pero el esclavo no va a estar abierto, e intenta enviar a los niños de vuelta, pero uno de ellos la golpeó en la cabeza y terminó rompiendo un chip mental... 
Para Ash, el verdadero lo encontrará... 

French
Cette histoire est spéciale pour Cynxin, car cette histoire est un gros point qui transforme ce qui est standard en vrai. 
c'est l'histoire de la naissance de Cyn-X… 
ça commence, dans l'année Cynxin 85APF, dans une petite base de lune appelée Moon base-Mavis… 
pour un chef de robot âgé de 18 ans de Cynxin nommé Ash Mewron, il répare tous les types de robot qui lui parviennent, mais sa famille est mécontente de son travail et a besoin de lui mettre un peu de standard… 
alors un Cyndays, il vient de terminer un travail de réparation quand un esclave arrive pour lui dire de commencer à se recycler dans une base spéciale, mais dans deux Cyndays, lui et l'esclave finiront par se retrouver dans une base fermée qui ne comporte que des robots Air … 
à cause d'une équipe de Bully qui descend les transports… 
pour Ash, ce n'est désastreux, mais avant longtemps, il a juste obtenu le téléphone pour travailler, pour a découvert qu'il est de la famille est un d er Mini-roi des contrôles S121-124, et il est un paria de lui est le travail, c'est trop loin pour Ash… 
alors, il est seul avec l'esclave, mais ensuite, un petit transport arrive pour sauver les enfants de l'esclaveur, et une fois à quai, les enfants rentrent avec de la nourriture à utiliser, mais l'esclave ne va pas être ouvert, et essayer de renvoyer les enfants, mais un des enfants l'a frappée à la tête et a fini par casser une puce mentale… 
pour Ash, le vrai le trouvera… 

Latin
Haec fabula est speciale pro una Cynxin, ut magnum hoc fabula est, quod conversus punctum in quod quid est vexillum realis... 
id est, qui natus est ex historia de... X-Cyn 
sic incipit: Anno Cynxin in 85APF in nomine lunae basi parva basi luna, Mavis... 
nam per XVIII annos natus Cynxin robot nomine Feria Mewron dux, ille qui venit ad eum robot reparationibus omnia genera, sed hoc est officium familiae de infelix est, repetita, et quidam vexillum est posuit se ad... 
ita unum Cyndays, et hoc modo perfecti instaurabo officium cum servo advenit et dices ad eum animi recuperandae praestantiae ad specialem basi, sed duo Cyndays et illi et servum et terminus sursum in a inclusi sunt turpia non solum got Aeris robots... 
propter quod descendit in dolor onerariis PROBUS... 
quoniam benigna est, hoc est in cladem nisi prius diu, et iustus got in phone efficaciam solum adinvenit, ut est familiaris est un d er sunt Mini-Rex S121-124 controllata et est abiectio quod suus 'officium, et quantum ad hoc est benigna... 
ita ipse solus servus Inde parva oneraria nave perveniet nisi pellentesque a SUBIUGATOR semel navalibus haedos egreditur intus cibis uti, sed servus non pateat, probantes ad mittere haedos retro, sed haedos uno ledo in capite suo, et solveret a animam finivit in chip... 
quoniam benigna est, verum ipsum invenies... 

2:once upon a time, as a sun rise in a small 300'000 plus city called Mewfuze city, but in the high job land, a junkyard is open to all people, by the owner named Ronvolt is a junk seller by family ties, but he are once a racer, but after a race crash, he never race again when he find out that he lose both legs by this crash.
but before long, Ronvolt got the call from a disability person about some junk to more.
he reply, and leave for this run, but will he found a worker...
who will know...
Somewhere at the poor house zone...
a young kid named Steelash is able to build a probe bot to help mail him family.
for Steelash, he is a good builder of probes and computers, but he is a leg less one, and not have a wheelchairs to get around...
so Steelash is just trying to live a good life, but then someone call him for a meal in a high class zone.
for Steelash, this is the only time to do it, since he never goes to this zone...
so Steelash says, "I'm be there"...
so on this night...
we see a 5 level building, in the high class zone...
it is a special building to only the high class disability people, and it is a good kid care centre is the city...
for Steelash, this is a not go to a poor person and Steelash is more able, but after a meal, Steelash is hopping home, but the people is looking at the building every night, as the city hopes for the future...
and Steelash is able to see the building as a goal, but, something goes boom...
and the building is now on fire...
so Steelash goes inside the building...
3 minutes later, Steelash is inside the building to find some people to save...
after just 5 minutes, he only just find two kids, but then, something fall downs and close down a way out...
for Steelash, this is very bad for anyone now.
it Steelash not get out soon, the building will kill him...
and the 2 kids will died, but Steelash just cannot died in this building, so he tries to break......
(old TV type buzz sound)
......
wait, we lose a cam just now.
oh Monty...
I trued sorry about this.

Japanese
むかしむかし、Mewfuzeと呼ばれる小さな300,000以上の都市で日が昇るので、高い仕事の土地では、廃品置き場はすべての人に開かれています、Ronvoltという名前の所有者によって、家族の関係によるがらくた売人です彼はかつてレーサーですが、レースクラッシュの後、彼がこのクラッシュで両足を失ったことを知ったときに彼は再びレースすることはありません。 
しかし間もなく、Ronvoltは障害者からジャンクについての電話を受けました。 
彼は答えて、そしてこのランのために出発する、しかし彼はワーカーを見つけますか？ 
誰が知っているだろう... 
貧しい住宅地のどこかで... 
Steelashという名前の子供が、家族にメールを送るためのプローブボットを作成することができます。 
Steelashにとって、彼はプローブとコンピューターの優れた製造者ですが、彼は足が少ないので、車椅子を持っていません... 
Steelashはただ良い人生を送ろうとしているだけですが、それから誰かが彼を高級ゾーンで食事をするように呼びかけます。 
Steelashにとって、彼がこのゾーンに行くことは決してないので、これがそれをする唯一の時です... 
それでSteelashは、「私はそこにいる」と言う。 
こんな夜に… 
私達は一流の地帯の5レベルの建物を、見る… 
それは一流の障害者だけに特別な建物であり、そしてそれは良いキッズケアセンターが街です... 
Steelashにとって、これは貧しい人に行くことではなく、Steelashはもっと能力があるが、食事の後、Steelashは家に飛び乗っているが、人々は毎晩建物を見ている。 
そしてSteelashはその建物をゴールとして見ることができますが、何かがブームになっています... 
そして建物は今燃えています... 
Steelashは建物の中に入ります。 
3分後、Steelashは建物の中にいる何人かの人々を救うために見つけています... 
たった5分後、彼はただ2人の子供を見つけるだけですが、それから、何かが落ちて、道を閉じます... 
Steelashにとって、これは今のところ誰にとっても非常に悪いことです。 
それはSteelashがすぐに出てこない、建物は彼を殺すでしょう... 
そして、2人の子供は死にます、しかし、Steelashはこの建物で死ぬことができないので、彼は壊そうとします...... 
（旧テレビ式バズ音） 
...... 
待って、私たちは今カムを失います。 
ああモンティ... 
私はこれについてすみませんでした。

Spanish
Había una vez, como un amanecer en una pequeña ciudad de más de 300.000 habitantes llamada Mewfuze city, pero en la tierra de trabajo elevado, un depósito de chatarra está abierto a todas las personas, por el propietario llamado Ronvolt es un vendedor de chatarra por lazos familiares, pero una vez es un corredor, pero después de un choque de carrera, nunca vuelve a correr cuando descubre que pierde ambas piernas por este choque. 
pero antes de que pasara mucho tiempo, Ronvolt recibió la llamada de una persona con discapacidad sobre algo de basura a más. 
Él responde y se va para esta carrera, pero ¿encontrará un trabajador ...? 
quien sabrá... 
En algún lugar de la zona de la casa pobre... 
un niño pequeño llamado Steelash es capaz de construir un robot de sonda para ayudarlo a enviar a su familia por correo. 
Para Steelash, es un buen constructor de sondas y computadoras, pero no tiene patas, y no tiene sillas de ruedas para moverse... 
Así que Steelash solo está tratando de vivir una buena vida, pero luego alguien lo llama para una comida en una zona de clase alta. 
Para Steelash, este es el único momento para hacerlo, ya que nunca va a esta zona... 
entonces Steelash dice: "Estoy allí"... 
Así que esta noche... 
Vemos un edificio de 5 niveles, en la zona de clase alta... 
Es un edificio especial solo para personas con discapacidades de clase alta, y es un buen centro de cuidado de niños en la ciudad... 
para Steelash, esto no es para una persona pobre y Steelash es más capaz, pero después de una comida, Steelash está saltando a casa, pero la gente mira el edificio cada noche, como la ciudad espera para el futuro... 
y Steelash puede ver el edificio como una meta, pero, algo va en auge... 
y el edificio ahora está en llamas... 
Así que Steelash entra al edificio... 
3 minutos después, Steelash está dentro del edificio para encontrar algunas personas para ahorrar... 
después de solo 5 minutos, solo encuentra a dos niños, pero luego, algo se cae y se cierra... 
Para Steelash, esto es muy malo para cualquiera ahora. 
Si Steelash no sale pronto, el edificio lo matará... 
y los 2 niños morirán, pero Steelash simplemente no puede morir en este edificio, así que intenta romper... 
(antiguo zumbido del tipo de TV) 
...... 
Espera, acabamos de perder una cámara. 
oh Monty... 
Truedé disculparme por esto. 

French
Il était une fois, alors que le soleil se levait dans une petite ville de plus de 300 000 habitants appelée Mewfuze, mais sur les hauteurs de travail, une casse est ouverte à tous, par le propriétaire nommé Ronvolt est un vendeur de bric-à brac il a déjà été coureur, mais après une chute en course, il ne court plus jamais lorsqu'il découvre qu'il perd les deux jambes à cause de cette chute. 
mais bientôt, Ronvolt a reçu l’appel d’une personne handicapée à propos de déchets indésirables. 
il répond et part pour cette course, mais va-t-il trouver un ouvrier... 
qui saura... 
Quelque part dans la zone des maisons pauvres... 
Steelash, un jeune garçon, est en mesure de créer un bot de sonde pour l’aider à envoyer un courrier à sa famille. 
pour Steelash, il est un bon constructeur de sondes et d'ordinateurs, mais il est moins puissant et n'a pas de fauteuil roulant pour se déplacer... 
donc Steelash essaie juste de bien vivre, mais quelqu'un l'appelle pour un repas dans une zone de grande classe. 
pour Steelash, c'est le seul moment pour le faire, puisqu'il ne se rend jamais dans cette zone... 
alors Steelash dit: "Je suis là"... 
ainsi de suite cette nuit... 
nous voyons un bâtiment de 5 niveaux, dans la zone de grande classe... 
c'est un bâtiment spécial réservé aux personnes handicapées de haut rang, et c'est un bon centre de soins pour enfants, c'est la ville... 
pour Steelash, c’est un pas pour aller à un pauvre et Steelash est plus capable, mais après un repas, Steelash saute à la maison, mais les gens regardent le bâtiment tous les soirs, alors que la ville espère pour le futur... 
et Steelash peut considérer le bâtiment comme un objectif, mais quelque chose se met en branle... 
et le bâtiment est maintenant en feu... 
alors Steelash va à l'intérieur du bâtiment... 
3 minutes plus tard, Steelash est à l'intérieur du bâtiment pour trouver des personnes à sauver... 
au bout de 5 minutes à peine, il ne trouve plus que deux enfants, mais quelque chose tombe à l'eau et ferme un moyen de sortir... 
pour Steelash, c'est très mauvais pour tout le monde maintenant. 
si Steelash ne sort pas bientôt, le bâtiment le tuera... 
et les 2 enfants vont mourir, mais Steelash ne peut pas mourir dans cet immeuble, alors il essaie de se casser...... 
(vieux type de buzz de télévision) 
...... 
attendez, nous perdons une caméra tout à l'heure. 
oh Monty... 
Je suis désolé pour ça. 

Latin
olim, quasi ortum solem 300'000 plus in parvam urbem nomine Mewfuze civitatem, et in terram princeps officium est, omnibus est apertum junkyard est, in nomine domini Ronvolt junk quod vendit per necessitudines, sed ipse quondam currentem post genus fragor non inveniat quod genus iterum fragor per crura amittat. 
sed mox obtinuit Ronvolt quis vitium aliquod junk ad extimas. 
quod respondendum est, et huic relinquere currere sed te non inveni artificem... 
quis scit... 
Omnino alicubi jacent pauperes domum zona... 
hœdum nomine Steelash possit facere bot averso specillo diducendum ad auxilium eius familia mail. 
quia Steelash, qui fabricator est computers quod probes, non est minus unum crus et wheelchairs non habere ut circa... 
et Steelash est iustus conatur ad bonam vitam vivant, sed ei voca ergo aliquis in summo genere, in prandium zona. 
Steelash enim id semel tantum, quia hoc nunquam regio... 
et Steelash inquit, "sum ibi"... 
Itaque nocte... 
V gradu aedificii non video, in summo genere zona... 
est speciale vitium aedificationem et non in summo genere hominum, et hoc est curam hedum in frusta concerperet bonum centrum est civitas... 
quia Steelash, hoc est, non homo autem pauper est, et Steelash potest, sed post prandium, quae salit Steelash est domum suam: sed is qui respiciens omnem aedificationem ad noctem speret futura est civitas... 
et Steelash possit videre quae aedificationis finis, sed aliquid accedit BUTIO... 
et hoc aedificium ignis est... 
Steelash ita interius vadit ad aedificationem... 
III minuta serius, Steelash est intra aedificium ut servare aliqui... 
post tantum V minuta, et non invenies duos haedos iustus est, sed tum quod ruinam et pertulerat ita claudere descendit e... 
Steelash enim hoc cuiquam pessimum est. 
Steelash quia non simul sunt, aedificii et occidere eum... 
II haedos erit, et mortuus est: sed iustus est potest non Steelash in aedificationem mortuus est, et ipse...... conatur effringere; 
(genus antiquum stridore vocales sonus TV) 
...... 
Exspecta, perdere iam venit. 
O Monte... 
Et circa hoc trued paenitet. 

Post Data

Looks
Soshi Standard Looks.
A Soshi maximum size is 180 centimetres, and it looks like a human.
A squirrel-like tail is 45 centimetres maximum.
And all hand and feet is like a human
The eye colour is light blue, brown, dark green, pink, grey or yellow.
The tail colour is brown, yellow or white.
The skin colour is dark brown or Cream red.
The hair colour is blue, light blue, yellow, red, green, black, white, light brown or brown.
Cynxin Standard Looks.
A Cynxin maximum size is 180 centimetres, and it looks like a human.
A bunny ear is 30 centimetres maximum.
And all hand and feet is like a human.
The eye colour is light blue, brown, pink or grey.
The hair and ear colour is brown, yellow, light blue, red or white.
The skin colour is dark brown or Cream red.
F’ul’awn Standard Looks.
An F’ul’awn maximum size is 150 centimetres.
F’ul’awn got a fox-like tail in light blue, green, red, black, yellow, and white.
Fripiece Standard Looks.
A Fripiece maximum size is 150 centimetres.
Aust’use’dawn (Mouse type) Standard Looks.
An Aust’use’dawn maximum size is 150 centimetres.
The body is a mouse…
only the belly and tail is without fur…
the fur colour is white, yellow, pink, light blue, and brown...
Agata Kiitfa
Race: Soshi
Age: 10 Seasons (11.379 Cynxin Years, 11.499 human years)
Born in 614 AM, Agata is an adventure seeker with a curious mind to match.
But it is because of the village’s lack of usable walker’s routes and all the villages boat destroyed by the Caneny disaster in 614 AM.
On that cycle, 6 small boats destroyed, killing ten people, losing 600 kilograms of cargo, and cut all sea transport to Caneny village off from other people and cargo.
So he and the other kids soon after, know nothing of the world outside his village, not even of the planets he would have once called home.
With short but lighted spike light brown hair, a size of 124.5 centimetres high, he brown squirrel-like tail is 28.84 centimetres long, he eyes is light blue, and he skin colour is cream red.
By the age of 8, he starts going to the forests for medicine, fun, and seeing what's out there.
But one cycle, in 623AM, Loa Kiitfa is sick by a rare flu, in 3 lap’s time, Amy Kiitfa is also sick by it.
So Agata goes to the forests for any medicine, even using parts of an old route.
But in a last call, he walks on the route to find any medicine.
So once on another side of the mountains, Agata found a shop stop that the as new as doable.
And once inside, he found a walker that gets the last set of medicine, but the only way to get it is to win at Gingo.
But after a battle sets, Agata lose the game, but the walker find Agata an is good player to stays playing, and that is after an unseen kidnapper, so as Agata get the medicine, he return every mew cycle to battle the walker called the wise walker or Seaash Luhiwa.
He does not like the foorun because of heavy item (i.e. the 15 kilograms bag of Oatwheat).
Amy Kiitfa
Race: Soshi
Age: 9 Seasons (10.241 Cynxin Year, 10.349 Human Years)
She is born in 615AM, with short but fine straight light blue hair, a size of 118.2 centimetres high, her yellow squirrel like tail is 27 centimetres long, her eye is dark green, and her skin colour is cream red.
She starts loving farming from the age of 5, and ever since, she woke up early every cycle with joy in her heart, as farming was in her blood and that of her dad that died a season before her birth.
But at age 7 with only the arrow shooting skill for both life and fun, she felt that at the adventure she ever needed was right here on the farm, so she never go out of the village from that day on.
Loa Kiitfa
Race: Soshi
Age: 34 Seasons (38.689 Cynxin Year, 39.096 Human)
For Loa, she is a good farmer and mom, ever since her husband died 9 seasons ago, but once an episode, she do movie building just like in her younger years.
She loves Mirture, like no other Soshi, and grews this type of food since 10 seasons old…
and most farmer just farms the fields, and cook the food...
With Long but fine straight light brown hair, a size of 173.9 centimetres high, and her brown squirrel-like tail is 40 centimetres long, her eye is dark green and her skin is cream red…
Sam Mfitmi
Race: Soshi
Age: 41 Seasons
He is old miller, born in 617AM.
Seaash Luhiwa
Race: Soshi
Age: 28 Seasons (31.861 Cynxin Year, 32.197 Human years)
For Seaash, he's 173.9 centimetres high, his brown hair is long but lighted spike, his eye colour is light blue, his skin colour is Cream Red and he brown tail is 43 centimetres long.
But only does it once every stop, and sells food other items all the time.
Born in 596AM, his family is always a walker by family rights.
He see’s some special place’s that most walker will see...
Arioke Suzlyn
Race: Cynxin
Age: 13 Cynxin years (11,424 Seasons, 13.137 Human Year)
for Arioke, she is in shock that the slave are no right to be frees, Cyn-X is able to find anything about her, just two thing that odd about her, is, Cosmo, that built by Arioke as a toy, and she is once a slave by her born name Arioke the slave. 
But a Cynxin year later, her mom died and her dad are the Mini-King Laru.
So 5 Cynday later, Laru rename her to Sup-Queen Arioke Suzlyn.
She is 123.7 centimetres long, her light blue bunny ear is 12 centimetres long, but the right is 3 centimetres longer than the other side, her eyes is brown, and her skin colour is cream red.
Family Name for Soshi.
The Soshi family name is a true I.D. in a Soshi world.
The first name is more like the human but Soshi used the last name.
First two is the family code, a lifelong set only at born.
Ki= movie seeing.
Lu= walker rights.
Si= sea man.
Ar= shooter fighter.
Mf= miller fighter.
The second two is the God code.
Only change after called it gods as the person gods.
Un= no gods.
It= unknowns.
Hi= high gods.
Lo= low gods.
And the last two is the job code.
Only recoded after losing or winning a job.
Nj= no job
Fa= farmer
Wa= walker
Bu= builder
Co= cops
Mi= miller

Soshi Towns
Caneny village.
Age: 16 season old.
Population level: +85 Soshi.
The village came into existence 16 seasons ago, or the season 608AM, because of overpopulation in a town called Pewfion town, and the high cost of living in the cities, such as food, homes, and good water…
this caused the people to leave cities in droves for a better life.
Only using 6 small row boats, and build on two big hills that is around it by two mountains and a river.
This first hill is 8 metres high with 5 land-pads, with 3 of them is a big one with 50 Sq-metres lots, and at the top, the flour mill that use 50 Sq-metres lots...
While the second hill is 6 metres high with 5 land-pads, but 2 of them is a big one with 40 Sq-metres lots.
All land-pads lots number is 1-4 lots or small to 5+ lots or big, And the lower is 20 Sq-metres.
But every wet bugs, the water from the river overflow by 0.81 metres.
So all building is 1.0 metres from ground level and the landfill is left in the danger zone.
But after a travelling disaster in the walkways and the waterways becoming unusable, it soon was taken over by the forests and book age.
Even though the village now old, rusted, and run-down.
It was still a peaceful village by all.
Pewfion town.
Age: 31 season old.
Population level: +5000 Soshi.
Pewfion town is a standard town because of ideated location, good water and an ideated route for walker.
But after 15 season of living, the town is over populating and food failed.
So the King of Pewfion is forced to make the village building program for poor people.
The town is a wall town that is built in 572AM.
Only one house and the wall is stone, and the wall is 180 metre long from the river side, from 140° to 51°, 4.05 metre high, and 4.01 metre deep.
And only the lord of Pewfion town lives in that only stone house.
Ouriyork town.
Age: 52 season old.
Population level: +6000 Soshi.
Ouriyork town is a standard size town with enough cops to stop total chaos.
Once a space race called Cynxin starts attacks the villages, the town and city is almost overrun with villager and farmer.
But Ouriyork town is able to take the villager inside easier.
Planets data
Planet Soshi.
Oxygen level: 22% at 14.091 psi.
Continent no#:3.
Continent code: SOI
1: Biancew (BIW).
Village= 38, town= 21, city= 8
All before the Cynxin attack that started in 621AM
Biggest Population: Sydberra City, Bendigo Village.
2: Alechu (ALU).
Village= 118, town= 22, city= 3
Biggest Population: No date.
3: Dente (DEE).
Village= 27, town= 49, city= 30
Biggest Population: No date.
Overall: this planet called Soshi is covered with mountainous land.
45% of it is covered by giant forests with 12% of it is nothing but sand.
A small 4.95% is ever populated by the people called Soshiman or Soshi as the people call itself.
The majority of Soshi live in small villages with some living in vast cites.

Date book
A Soshi date book is a calendar for Soshi.
It is the only way to keep track of the year, because planet Soshi have a 26 hours cycle or day.
Or 5 minutes off per hour in the 24 hours setting...
And a Soshi year haves 14 month or 42 weeks or 420 days.
The Soshi calendar god is Mir, the god of peace and time.
Cycle (day)
1.Mon.
2.Lvy.
3.Cat.
4.Bee.
5.Pik.
6.Meo.
7.Ace.
8.Mew.
9.Tor.
10.Mir.

Term (month)
1.Dawn.
2.Ryo.
3.Sean.
4.Tyson.
5.Sora.
6.Roshi.
7.Ash.
8.Goku.
9.May.
10.Yoshi.
11.Sep.
12.Yu.
13.Mimi.
14.Zero.
Term setup
60 second or 60 frame a minute.
65 minute or 65 pin an hour
26 hour or 26 lap a day.
10 day or 10 cycle a week.
30 day or 30 cycle a month.
3 week or 3 episodes a month.
14 month or 14 terms a year.
A season total a year.
Soshi key history
4500BM= Soshi readable history starts…
4300BM= the first king land in Dente begins...
4200BM= the first king land in Alechu begins...
4199BM= the first king land in Biancew begins...
148BM= the mage land called Sinchu begins in after a war with the Alechu king land called Gincom...
0AM= Mir Luunnj (Mir Lynda) is born…
5AM= the Sinchu becoming a “Roman style, and an evil fool” mage land after a back kill happen to a better king...
16AM=Mir save Sydberra village (Sydberra city) from Sinchu hell...
25AM=the Sinchu mega land falls...
56AM= Mir is kill by heart failed…
606AM= Caneny village is born…
624AM= the Main Story.
-8/Mew/Roshi= Caneny vilaage is destroyed…
Date
Dawn
1/1= Mon= New Season Cycle (SOI).
15/1= Pik= Dawn Holicycle (SOI)
16/1= Tor= Tor Holicycle (ALU)
Ryo
22/2= Lvy= Ryo Holicycle (DEE)
Sean
5/3= Pik= Pik Holicycle (ALU).
24/3= Bee= Sean Holicycle (SOI).
Tyson
6/4= Meo= Meo Holicycle (ALU).
7/4= Ace= Tyson Holicycle (DEE).
Sora
13/5= Cat= Sora Holicycle (DEE).
Roshi
3/6= Cat= Roshi Holicycle (ALU).
8/6= Mew= the Lord of the Sky Main Story Starts (BIW).
27/6= Ace= Ace Holicycle (BIW).
Ash
3/7= Cat= Cat Holicycle (SOI).
26/7= Meo= Ash Holicycle (BIW).

Goku
8/8= Mew= Mew Holicycle (DEE).
21/8= Mon= Goku Holicycle (BIW).
May
11/9= Mon= May Holicycle (SOI).
Yoshi
14/10= Bee= Bee Holicycle (BIW).
15/10= Pik= New Holicycle (UN).
16/10= Meo= Yoshi Holicycle (SOI).
Sep
1/11= Mon= Mon Holicycle (DEE).
9/11= Tor= Waler Holicycle. (SOI).
20/11= Mir= Sep Holicycle (ALU).
Yu
22/12= Lvy= Lvy Holicycle (SOI).
Mimi
5/13= Pik= Mimi Holicycle (ALU).
Zero
19/14= Tor= Mir Eve (SOI).
20/14= Mir= Mir Holicycle (SOI).
21/14= Mon= Boxing cycle (SOI).
24/14= Bee= Zero Holicycle (SOI).
30/14= Mir= New Season Eve (SOI).
Soshi Money.
Soshi Money is medal- type cash called bond.
The bond is a coin of any medal (steel is the lowest class, Silver is the standard class, and gold is the highest class).
A knot coins total a units or 0.05 Kilogram.
Food Storage.
Soshi stores food in 3 ways.
The bag stores food in 3 ways.
The bag storage work for wheat, dry Treewax and nuts.
Using only wool and it bag size is 5 Kilograms bag (5.09 Kilograms), 10 Kilograms bag (10.145 Kilograms), 15 Kilograms bag (15.215 Kilograms), and the 300 Kilograms bag (30.328 Kilograms).
Glass Container work for Aid-Type treehoney and Mirberry.
Only one size fit the type, and it is the 150ml (70 grams).
And glass jar work for treehoney, home cook meals and Xline oil.
3 sizes are in use, the 600ml jar (160 grams), the 800ml jar (210 grams), and the 1.2L jars (370 grams).
Soshi farm and field.
Soshi farm is a home for farmer and the pet’s.
It store up to 30 Sq-metres for foods and tool.
Soshi field is a farming zone for farmer.
A farmer used up to 3 field and it size can go up to 225 Sq-metres or 15 metres by 15 metres.
And all fruits and vegetable is farm on the field all the time.
Soshi inn.
The standard in is a meeting point for walker and others.
It needs a 30 Soshi per night’s set up, and enough storage of Ale and foods.
Oatwheat
Oatwheat is a Soshi’s main plant for food that mean, all of the farmer must used only one field to this plant, but it takes time to reach the standard uses point called the take-in.
It is a wheat type plant, just one 5 grams seed can make up to 60 seeds or 48 seeds at the standard level, so a one metre by one metre field of Oatwheat can take 360 seeds…
it is up to 21’600 seeds (108 kilograms), or 17’280 seeds (86.4 Kilograms) at the standard levels...
Once inside, a 15 kilograms full bag worth of Oatwheat can go to the Ale Shops to the Ale Makers for Ale, or the flour mill for flour.
Just a bag of Oatwheat totals, 217.39 severing of Ale, 9 kilograms of Oatwheat flour, 11.25 severing of Oatwheat beard, and 37.5 severing of Oatwheat rolls.
The 800ml jar of Oatwheat is used for bread and cakes, so this food source is Soshi’s diets standard in every villages, towns, and cities.
And losing one flour mill on any villages or towns always starts an Oatwheat flour shortage.
Xlive
Xlive can be use in lighting, cooking and foods, and the wood can be use in heating and paper.
Henoat or treehoney
Treehoney is a Soshi’s standard food and building wood for a long time.
A wild Henoat only make wild treehoney, wood and wild treewaxs.
Ashchu burger
An Ashchu burger is a Cynxin hamburger.
Ashchu meat is the most costly meat is Cynxin at 3 bar gold pressed Aluminium per kilo.
But, a good Ashchu meat is a good buy.
Add a bun, a strip of Orin and strip for Ashchu meat.
It cost a strip of gold pressed Aluminium per units, so only high pays people can eat it.
Cynxin money
Cynxin money is medal-type cash for everyday uses.
Cynxin medal is gold pressed Aluminium, Aluminium is use for Air-Bot, Cargo and bases hull but human use it more likely from Aircraft to food packaging.
A lowest unit is coins called slop, a second lowest is strips, a second highest is bar and a highest unit is brick.
Cash Pins
100 slips= a strip.
20 strips= a bar.
100 Bars= a Brick.
Cynxin Gen-X
The Cynxin Gen-X, in Cynxin eyes, is a cult of youthful kids and teens.
Cyn-X by the older sees the life’s as old school and dying, but Cyn-X see tech as a new way and ready to go.
So older of Cynxin are forced to ban Cyn-X is now reinforce his way but Cyn-X is now ready to leave his world for a new life.
Cynxin key history
8270BPF= Cynxin readable history starts…
8262BPF= the first main. Gov begins...
240BPF= the first old school Cynxin begins...
215BPF= Cynxin Record. Gov is born…
20BPF= the “best” old school Cynxin begins...
8BPF= the Mabiln war begins...
1BPF= the “best” old school wins the war...
0APF= Cynxin home planets, Mablin is kill by unknown ways…
15APF= CR.G starts controlling the output…
30APF= the “Tocycle” old school Cynxin begins...
110APF= a ship named Axgia found the dead planet of Mablin, Cynxin home planets…
112APF= the main story…
Soshi Clothing and Bags
the clothes of Soshi is a 3 sets of Clothes…
for the male, sets one is the underwear, with the sleeveless shirt and the boxer briefs…
Set two is the Sun bug or Summer season’s clothes that is always added to the first set, with long sleeve shirt and shorts made out of Solchu…
and the last set is the snow bugs or winter season’s clothes that is always added to the seconds set, it is a long pant, some good gloves, and a jacket…
for the female, sets is the underwear, with the bra that is bigger by design, not size, than a human bras, and boxer briefs…
set two is the sun bug clothes that is always added to the first set, with long sleeve shirt and shorts made out of Solchu…
and the last set is the snow Bugs clothes that is always added to the second set, it is a long pant, some good gloves, and a jacket…
as of Soshi bags, the bags is made out cloth called Ashools, a wool like cloth that is also good for underclothes…
Soshi and Cynxin Age Set
the age set is the window of age that all races will fellow…
for the Soshi, 0 Cycle to 14 Teams is the baby stage, 15 Teams to 4 Seasons is the Toddler stage, 5 Seasons to 13 Seasons is the Schooling stage, but the farmer kids will start job at 6, due to the load,.
And 14+ Seasons is the final stage, the grew up and beyond point…
for the Cynxin, 0 Cynday to 9 Cynmonth is the baby stage, 10 Cynmonth to 3 Cynxin years is the toddler stage, 4 Cynxin Years to 9 Cynxin Years is called the Low-set Schooling stage, 10 Cynxin Years to 13 Cynxin Years is called the Standard-set stage, sadly anyone that not pass a key test will end up being unable to be in this at all, with no resets.
14 Cynxin Years to 18 Cynxin Years is called the High-set Schooling stage, but it is also use a key test setting as the Standard-set Schooling stage, and got no resets like the last stages…
and 19+ Cynxin Years is the final stage, the grew up and beyond point…
but the Cynxin that failed the key tests, too few bases can give any work without and key test pass, but in the end, at most 95% of Cynxins will be sell into slave-ship, just to pay the bills…
Soshi Government
the Soshi government works like this…
the Lord of Sydberra City is the Lord of Soshi, he job is to take care of the Soshi gods, and control the Sydberra army in times of disaster…
the lords Council is made up of 6 people, the Ministers of the Soshi Army, the Ministers of food Standard, the Ministers of the sea, the Ministers of Walkers, the Ministers of lords, and the Ministers of the Roads…
the Lords Council job is to set tax levels, build and rebuild laws, and set the people eye’s in bad times…
the Lord Council also control a small Army for cycle to cycle opt…
both the Lord of Soshi and the Lords Council will call a Lords meeting at the 8th team, every Seasons…
them Lords are the Lord of any villages, towns, and cites, it is the meetings that the Lords Council can send any new laws, or rebuilt laws with time to set it up…
for the smaller Lord, the meeting is also a good time to report any or all of the failed that the laws have do or done…
and it is also a location that home built law can be send, and in a two Seasons set-up, it can being the law of the land, but most Law don’t make land, but most law will be off the book, and out of uses…
over the past 10 Seasons at this point, over 100 Lords is lost to the meeting, the Lord of Caneny village is in this lost group…
for this Lord, she try to rebuild the waterways or the walker-ways, but the Low food stores after the flowover, just made meeting a level-E type only…
so the Lord is without any control now…
the Lords of any village, towns, and cites must have 3 people called the power keys, the power keys is the people with the right of change the Lords, in any bad time…
and the power keys is also the plan builder for all things…
Cynxin government
the Cynxin government looks like this…
at the top is the king only knew as the Main-King, only one Main-King can rule the people with all the power that goes with it…
but a Second-King name only by the dead of the Main-King before it…
sadly, only one Second-King can be named, and only a Mini-King can take it…
and that is by Cynxin history’s, by any means necessarily…
but the two King can only set rules to the Mini-King and Mini-Queens of Cynxin, take due pays for the Spaceways, and in top P-0 setting, control any and all Army of the Mini-Kings and Mini-Queens to any wars that will kill the government…
for the Mini-King and Mini-Queen, them the Ministers of Cynxin…
The Mini-King can control up to 10 bases at one time, and total control of only one moon, the moon is the Mini-Kings and Mini-Queens home and HQ for the people…
due to the cost of time, Pri-King becomes very high to anyone with the money to build a base…
the Mini-King is born by the Mini-King or Mini-Queen passing, this works for Mini-Queen too, but Pri-Kings is made by ending the building of the base…
the Mini-King is the old school people as saved hopes, because it can control a small team of fighter, and can change peoples lifes at will…
the Mini-Queen is also the same saved hopes…
but Pri-King is able to take anyone inside the base without any checks that a Mini-King will used, and the rates is lower than a Standard one…
the Mini-King or Mini-Queen is born out of Sup-Kings and Sup-Queen, the lowest point that the governmet will take…
Sup-Kings can be born by the Mini-King calling him the Sup-King to it, or born into it without the call, or in high risk setting, the slave being called the Sup-King to it…
Sup-Queen can be born by the same 3 ways that the Sup-King can be born…
but, some of the Sup-Queens and Sup-King is unable stays in plays by the laws that is failling more time than needed…
and one group call the Cynxin gen-X, or Cyn-X, is calling for changes to take the new ideas, and races…
only time will tell...
Cynxin Records.Gov
the CR.G is short for Cynxin Records.Gov, and it is a government setting, or ministers of music in the human world…
built in 215 BPF, after the Mini-King found a small player is using a tape recorder to buy some time to rest…
the Main-King is hoping to stop this set-up, but this plan just to stop it…
so in 15APF, CR.G is forced to control the music making teams, to stop any more outside forced…
only standard class songs will be made, at 6 Cynminutes long, and one standard Rom-Card cost 12 GP-Aluminium slips, and only have 4 tracks…
Sorany
Sorany is a bunny like animal…
and it is a common set for Soshi, but farming Sorany is not ablefull, due to only 9.724 kilograms of the maximun level of 15 kilograms is eatable at best, a 2 kilograms of food per cycle setting, and a set of one Man and one Female can give born up to 50 Sorany younger…
so hunting Sorany is the only option for all Soshi, but while a farmer can eat Sorany meat once a term after a 6 Laps hunt, only the Lords can eat Sorany meat once an Episode…
and some Sorany is turn into pets for the Lords…
Mirtuces
Mirtuces is a standard food for the Soshi’s…
it tastes like Iceberg Lettuce, and Spinach, but it will take time to grow one, and only good farmers can grow good Mirtuces…
it will take 25 Cycles to grow it into it is big enough size to eat, and only growable for 8 terms per Season…
so most people can only eat it before the growing time is done for the Season, and once cut of the ground, it can only be eatable for 5 cycles without any more steps…
all farmer always use a 30-60 Sq-Metres for this plants.
Food uses
Mirtuces soup: a Mirtuce cook with water, any meat, and 0.5mg of salt or less, and cooked for 45 Pins…
Mirtuces salad…
Mirberry
the Mirberry is a wild food…
only few farmers can grow the food, and it is as costly as a good home, but the taste is like a strawberry, and raspberry…
a wild one have 28 berries per plant, and a farm one have 15 berries per plant, but most walker like a wild ones for a better taste…
Food uses
Mirberry jam...
Cynxin Calender
12 Cynmonth is set as a 30 Cyndays Cynmonth that add a Cynday every 10 Cynxin years, nine 30 Cyndays Cynmonth, and two 31 Cyndays Cynmonth.
just a human 24 hours standard setting.
so that's 60 Cynsecond a Cynminute, 60 Cynminutes a Cynhour, and 24 Cynhours a Cynday.
but it is builds to show it like this, 1/1/1/112, this one is for better people, that is a lie to stop anymore updateing to cut the Cynweek out.
Cynday (day)
1.Hioari
2.Watgka
3.Nasbara
4.Darlin
5.Litsov
6.Yorklup
7.Domri
Cynweek (week)
1.Amon
2. Hari
3.Roke
4.Blat
5.Eder
Cynmonth (month)
1.Kitkai- 31 Cynday,
2.Kangken-  30+1 Cynday
3.Ariji-  30 Cynday
4.Roleon-  31 Cynday
5.Mamako-  31 Cynday
6.Haato- 31 Cynday 
7.Dawao-  30 Cynday
8.Mamiyo-  31 Cynday
9.Lonpool-  31 Cynday
10.Maient-  31 Cynday
11.Mayfoln-  31 Cynday
12.Scois-  31 Cynday
F’ul’awn
the F’ul’awn is a race of people that is a city ship mindset…
only F’ul’awn homeplanet and some moons are population with over 500’00 people…
and the battle set or ware to the Cynxin, only got 50- 300 people per battleship to fight with…
but the attack craft called fighter Robot, is able to be used as fighter…
School city rule of enter
more data is needed…

-kids must be 10 years old to enter…
-$100’000 just to enter…
-$30’000 per year to stay…
School city ground rules
-kids must work to stay alive…
-going outside the city is ban from happening (losing cash points and end up in level 0)…
-any trips will cost in cast point…
School City Grade point
Grade point is the standard grading system for the school city…
any grade points can only show a new school grade called level…
LV:0= junk grade- the lowest level possible…
(this level is the end of line for failed, one more crash, and it is over, kick out without any rechecking, and will return to the persons mum and dad...
-bully, failed, and rule crashers ends up in this level…
-Job: just waste units at 2CP and 1 GP per day…
-next level: 300GP
LV:1 Starter grade- age 10-25...
-job: standard jobs…
-class: Beginning set (core)(Lang, maths, sci, and sports)…
-next level: 1000GP...
LV:2 Sport grade- age 10-25...
-job: sport jobs…
-class: more sport, same class from Level 1…
-next level: 1000GP...
LV:3 Art grade- age 11-25...
-job: Filming and stage play…
-class: Art, book art, filming and stage play, same class from level 1-2…
-next level: 5000GP…
(from level 3 to level 4, the next level must be buys with grade point, and will not be using any other points, cash, and once you buy that level, it is done, gone, no more…
so people must still get more GP to go up the level…
for the students in level 1-3 that never make it to the next level before the age of 25, will be forced to leave...
LV:4 high class grade- age 12-25- age end level:24...
-job: highest job…
-class: high set in all class’s…
-next level: 2500GP…
LV:5 Top of the school grade- the highest grade- age 15-25- age end level:23...
-job: Special job…
-class: special class, with the same class from level 4…
-next level: 5000GP…
School city job
Waste unit...
-2CP and 1 GP per day...
-10 hours minimum…
-24 hours maximum…
-6 hours turnaround…
Standard jobs…
-up to 20CP, but always total 1GP...
highest job…
-up to 80CP, but always total 3 GP...
special job…
SJ1=up to 40CP, but always total 2 GP...
SJ2=up to 200CP, but always total 5 GP…
School city student timeline
the standard timeline is use for 4 days per week…
and worker timeline is use for 3 days per week, just for cash to live...
Standard level…
Class time
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
GP
8.30AM
language
language
Language or math
1GP
9.30AM
math
math
Book art
Lv:1-2=2GP
Lv:3=3GP
10.30AM
Tea (food time, or stand up time)
11.30AM
Sci or sport
sport
Film and stage or art
4GP
2.30PM
Tea (Lunch time)
3.30PM
Sci
3GP
4.30PM
Gym
2GP
5.30PM
Tea (diner time)
7.30PM
Home time
9PM
Lights out time

High set level…
Class time
Level 4
Level 5
GP
8.00AM
language
language
3GP
9.00AM
math
math
5GP
10.00AM
Tea (food time, or stand up time)
10.45AM
sci
special
8GP
11.45AM
sport
special
8GP
1.30PM
Tea (Lunch time)
2.30PM
Book art
Sci or sport
8GP
3.30PM
Film and stage
8GP
4.30PM
art
Book art or art
8GP
5.30PM
Tea (diner time)
7.30PM
Home time
9PM
Lights out time

core only set…
Class time
All levels
8.30AM
language
9.30AM
math
10.30AM
Tea (Emergency food only)
10.50AM
language
11.50AM
math
12.50PM
Tea (Emergency food only)
1.10PM
language
2.10PM
math
3.10PM
Gym
5.10PM
Tea (Emergency food only)
5.30PM
language
6.30PM
math
7.30PM
Home time
8PM
Lights out
Note: some students will skip class’s from running too low, or other plan that cannot change, so all teachers must be able to teach without him…

worker timeline…
Class time
All levels
GP
7.30AM
language
1GP
8.15AM
math
1GP
9AM
Tea (food time, or stand up time)
9.30AM
work

9.55AM
Round 1 start

11.35AM
Round 1 end for break time...

12.40PM
Round 2 start

1.35PM
Round 2 end for break time...

2.25PM
Round 3 start

3.35PM
Round 3 end for break time...

3.45PM
Homework at work

5.15PM
work

5.25PM
Round 4 start

8PM
Round 4 end for diner time

8.45PM
Home time
9PM
Lights out time
School city cash
the cash system in the school citys is called Cash Points…
it is designs for students and worker…
and it is also design to stop the ban item for selling
the ban item are…
-cartoon or anime…
-computers (any type that teacher cannot move it, or share)…
-TV…
-DVD and DVD player…
-computer game...
Rule of book making
1: Build Your Book Ground Right
A: A Good idea will do.
B: Go in, one step at a time.
C: Build it like you read it.
D: Keep looking ahead, don’t look back...
2: Build It Like You Read It
A: You need a main story.
B: You need two idea or more.
3: Use Feedback as Your Tool to Do Good
A: Start sending your work to you friend.
B: kids are good reviewer by the clear presents.
4: A Good Stock for Paper and Pen Is A Good Way to Build In
5: Always Buy Good Computer for Book Editing, and download or buy a good Software
A: Good computer is an Au$600 or more, and go for the best Quality for money
B: A good word editor is one that 95% always work (95% mean rare to not work)
6: Know You Cost Limit
A: it start at AU$120 and already good computer and software.
B: All Starters without a computer and software, it will cost AU$1’100.
C: ongoing cost is Au$20 – AU$100 per month or more.
7: Know Your Ways
A: Always save your work in a portable storage.
B: Back-up your work, when possible...
8: Know Your Format
Full Book: Standard
- 48'000 or less word as need work point.
- 200 pages as a cut-out point.
- Chapter as scene.
For cost saving
- 450 words a page (+/-90)
-200 pages = 90,000words
Episode Book: Standard
- 3'800 or less word as need work point.
- Chapter as scene.
Episode Book: 2018 update
- 5’000 or less word as need work point.
- 3 Acts, a Proloue, and 2 acts.
9: Know Your Ending.
A: for a Series, you must have a big ending, but always leave a few story points for a next episode.
B: for a full book, Know every scene, chapter, and word...
10: Know Your Limits.
A: a one man works is able to build good books; a good team for 2-5 people is able to build great books if you trust your people.
11: In Book, Dialogue means "Dialogue".
IE: then, he says, "Hello world"… or, “Hello world”, said –person-- (--any name--)...
12: Hand On Is More Usable Then Any Book.
A: any films about it, or a good teacher will do…
B: see the real world for your info...
13: Remember Your True Self.
A: Controlling your good and bad moods is a power that always helps your life and communication.
B: Time limits always works for people that not what to use too many time, but time limits is not limited, as book works have no time limits.
C: A word count is your friend...
14: You’re Book Sell Size Matters.
A: 150 books are minimum, but not good.
B: 3'500 Book is a good enough standard.
15: A Good Story Writer Input Is A Good Way To Better Ways To Tell a Story.
16: A Plan Is for Small Setting, But a Finish Gate Is the Story As its needed.
17: Just Stop Your Work Every Two Month Or Less.
18: Sentence Is Everyday Needs.
A: Start with a capital letter and end with a full stop (.), question mark (?) or exclamation mark (!).
B: Sentence contain clause, on or with subject and objects.
C: Simple has one clause.
D: Compound and/or complex have two or more clauses.
19: Just Don’t Use It.
- I am going to tell you...
- My paper is about...
- I studied [this] which is important because of [this].
20: You Always Learning, Because More Thing That Still To Be Learns.
21: how hard do you works.
-The best writer’s works every day, at 16 hours tops.
-The good writer must do an hour as minimum.

Word sound for Soshi and Cynxin.
Soshi= So-shi
Tocycle= To-cycle
Goodmir= Good-mir
Oatwheat= Oat-wh-eat
Treehoney= Tree-honey.
Kiitfa= Ki-It-Fa
Loa= Lo-a
Cynxin= Cy-n-xin
Cynday= Cy-n-day
Cynminute= Cy-n-minute
Cynhour= Cy-n-hour
Cynbye= Cy-n-bye
Credits
All Story’s-
Created by Sean L
Writer: Sean L
Book Editor: Sean L
We Can’t Be Austxin-
A story based on: We Can’t Be Beaten.
Developed by Michelle Cuneo and the Options Theatre Company
Copyright © 2011
S.E.Lollback ©2018
All right will be reserved.
