Shadows of an Iron Kingdom


C. Litka



©2021 Charles Litka
Smashwords Version 1 (July 2021)


Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with friends. This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.

If you should happen upon any mistakes, I'd be delighted to correct them. You can email me at cmlitka@gmail.com  Thank you.

Information and news about my other and upcoming books can be found here:
https://clitkabooks.blogspot.com/

Thank You
I would like to once again thank my wife and friends who spent many hours making this book better than I could have ever made it by myself – and far more fun. I am very grateful to Sally Litka, Hannes Bimbacher, Victoria Shamp, Dale Shamp, Joe Saur, Walt, Ilya Shindyapin and Howard Roche for their eagle eyes in spotting all of my many mistakes and their helpful comments and suggestions.





Chapter 01 Fairwaine



01
I’d like to believe that I can take the rough with the smooth. I didn’t complain about the hundred petty inconveniences of the Iron Kingdom. Not too much. It was the werewolves, superhumans, and mad scientists who haunted its black forests and ruined castles that got to me. Still, what did I expect in the company of Vaun Di Ai?

It all began because she wasn’t there. By there, I mean the planet of VanTre and its Patrol Base. I had signed off the Rendezvous Moon and taken a taxi boat down to VanTre, where Lieutenant Vaun Di Ai was posted, as of my last radio-packet from her. I pinged her com-link upon arrival. It came back with a null result, which is to say that her com-link wasn’t registered with the planetary com-system. Since VanTre was a Unity world, there were no dissenting throw-back societies on VanTre where com-links weren’t allowed. Even if she had turned her com-link off, my ping would not have been returned with a null-result. The most likely explanation was that she was no longer on VanTre.
As with all my previous encounters with Lieutenant JG Vaun Di Ai, this result generated conflicting emotions. 
On one hand, I was relieved. The last radio-packet I had received from her was the one reporting the results of the mind-scan interrogation of one of Alantzia’s infamous pirate princes, Silha Han, a pirate prince who had made it a point to meet and kill me some months ago for my minor part in bringing down her criminal enterprise. Part of the pirate prince code, I believe. Only the timely darter shot of my friend, Cely Tydmare, prevented her from doing just that. Ah, life with Di Ai.
Where was I? Right. The null result suggesting that Di Vi wasn’t on VanTre had me momentarily relieved. It suggested that she wasn’t just ignoring all the radio-packets I’d sent to her in the last four months. She had not replied because she was off-world without a forwarding link. 
I could think of two possibilities to explain this. One good, the other bad.
The good one was that she had been promoted and had been reassigned to one of the other seven star systems in the Nebula. Good because I couldn’t rule out the possibility that Silha Han, before her capture, had assigned an assassin to track down Di Ai. If so, the best place for Di Ai was somewhere else in the Nebula.
It seemed the most likely possibility. She had mentioned that her reenlistment date was coming up, likely shortly after we had parted on Fairwaine. The renewal of one’s enlistment often involved a promotion and/or a reassignment, requested or offered. Being very familiar with how the Patrol operated, her reassignment might well have been a very rushed affair, especially if it involved transportation aboard an interstellar ship sailing within days or even hours. A quick radio-packet informing me of this would’ve been nice, but time may not have permitted one. If this was the case, Di Ai would likely still be in a quantum-stasis box aboard a ship heading to one of the other star systems. I’d miss her, but sleep a little easier.
The bad possibility was that she was once again off-planet and involved in another, dangerous assignment. One that an Intelligence Analyst 3 shouldn’t be given. I found this possibility alarming. But then, Di Ai always alarmed me.
That, however, was just me. A clear-eyed look at Di Ai would tell me that Vaun Di Ai wasn’t meant to be a desk-bound intelligence analyst. She had the makings of a very competent field agent. She had, after all, brought down Silha Han’s Seven Syndicate almost by herself. Oh, the Civil Guard and Patrol had done their parts as well – the hundreds or thousands of man-hours of info-system sleuthing and footwork that had defanged and dismantled that interplanetary crime syndicate. But it was Di Ai who had found and pulled out the key blocks that ultimately sent the Seven Syndicate tumbling into history. 
Yet, no matter how competent Di Ai might be, or how lucky, if I was to ever have a chance to be her life’s partner, for however long she’d have me, she’d have to survive long enough to be promoted to an admiral. And for that to happen, she had to live another sixty or more years. Was she that good? Or that lucky? I could only hope.
So there I stood, stock still, under the high arching dome of VanTre’s prime space port terminal, lost in my racing thoughts. Spaceers, travelers, techs, and service people hurried around me, seen, but unnoted, while I calculated a new course of action. While I did so, let’s turn the clock back and briefly return to Fairwaine.



02
A dark afternoon, six weeks prior to my arrival on VanTre, found me sitting on the sales counter of the Fix-it-all Shop, passing the time with Mactavish. Another summer season had come and gone. The quiet, cool season was settling in for the next seventy days. I had nothing, at the moment, to repair. I was simply hanging about waiting to close the shop. Not that Mactavish needed me around to do that, but I knew that my time at the helm of the Fix-it-all Shop was coming to an end, so I was in no hurry to leave. Indeed, it came to an end as we gossiped, when Captain Muratan Mor pushed through the door, the little bell tinkling.
I manfully resisted the sudden urge to slide off the counter, like a guilty boy. I was, after all, master of the shop until she relieved me. 
‘Welcome home, Captain Mor,’ I said.
‘Welcome back, sir,’ said Mactavish.
She gave me a cool, chief engineer, look, and then glanced around the shop. ‘At least it’s still standing.’
‘Aye, we managed that, sir,’ I said, only now sliding off the counter, to step over to greet her. ‘Feel good to be home?’
She took my hand, and gave me one of those quick, rare, chief engineer smiles, and said, ‘You know, d’Mere, it is. It seems that I’ve found a home. Oh, it was grand to get away. It was good to see old shipmates. Visit old haunts. Live in the heat and noise of an engine room once again. And it was good to get all that out of my system...’ She shook her head. ‘But I’ve laid that life to rest. It is better to be here. You can’t go around and around Alantzia Star forever. So yes, I’ve come home.
‘I would imagine that you’re ready to lift,’ she added.
I shrugged. ‘Yes and no. I’ve already come to think of Pine Cove as home, myself. I’ve made some good friends here. It'll be hard to leave. And I’m sure I’ll miss it. But I’m too young and restless to stay, even if I could find something to do here. At least, for now.’
‘I’m afraid that I can’t afford to keep you on. But you needn’t rush off on my account.’
‘I realize that, sir.’
‘If you’re in no great hurry, stay on to give me a week to get reacquainted with the place, hang out with my old friends, and spin my yarns; I’d appreciate it.’
‘My pleasure, sir.’ I replied, sincerely. 

I might’ve stayed on for longer, but for those unanswered radio-packets. I needed to know why they went unanswered. So a week after Captain Mor’s return, I could be found on the platform of Pine Cove’s little rail station saying goodbye to my friends, Cley and Cara, Captain Mor, Mrs and Mr Bonts, and the breakfast gang. Mactavish had wished me well, “sir,” but stayed on to man the store, like a proper “robot.” 
I promised them that I’d return whenever I could. Certainly, before I decided to leave Alantzia for one of the other star systems. And I assured them that if, or rather when, I grew tired of spaceship life and the cold black nothing of space, I’d return, perhaps to stay. Time will tell. 
‘Don’t wait too long, Rafe.  By the moons of Mara, we’re not getting any younger,’ said Cely.
One thing I did know was that I wasn’t returning to my old life of spaceships and spaceers’ rows. I was going to experience the planets I sailed between, even if it meant shipping aboard the little planet traders again.
It was a rainy dark day when I left Pine Cove. It would be. Still, that didn’t make it easier to leave. It did, however, match my mood. I took the train down to Chartierra, where I caught a tube train to Fairwaine Prime. I registered my availability to be hired at the Spaceers’ Guild Hall of Port Prime that evening and began looking for a ship.



03
While there was no question in my mind about calling on VanTre, if it was wise or not, was open to debate. But either way, I was going to VanTre.
Di Ai had never been shy about stating the limits of affection for me. Nor for her determination to become an admiral in the Patrol. So she wasn’t likely sending me the message “Lift, mate” by ignoring my radio-packets. Especially since they were simply reports on the goings on of mutual friends in Pine Cove. So with her silence stretching into two months, I felt that I had good reason to be concerned. 
I had, however, resisted the temptation to send a radio-packet to the VanTre Patrol Station that would reactivate the cyber-bots – the packets of code – that I had installed in their info system, back when I was looking at Di Ai’s possible nemesis in the Patrol. With my knowledge of how the Patrol worked, I felt that sending a desk-bound analyst on essentially a covert-op mission without the backup agents regulations required, could only have been the work of someone who had ill intent for Vaun Di Ai. And, indeed, I was right. 
I found that her immediate superior had, many years ago, come off looking very bad in an incident that involved Di Ai’s mother. She was now a Patrol ship captain, while he, a desk-bound commander in the remotest of the eight solar systems of the Unity. Though I could not prove it, I had to believe that he was trying to get his revenge by placing Captain Di Ai’s daughter in a position where she would at least be reprimanded for exceeding her orders and not following required procedures – if not killed. In the end, I never sent my findings on to Di Ai, for several reasons. One, it would’ve told her too much about my skills. And two, I came to realize that she might well resent my unasked-for intrusion into her life.
Those cyber-bots were still in place and I could’ve used them to discover what was going on in the VanTre’s Patrol base. Still, I needed to draw a line somewhere with Di Ai, and not let affection turn to obsession. And yet, I didn’t really want things to end with unanswered radio-packets. I’d be content just to have one last dinner with her.
 But I needed to get to VanTre to have that dinner. I had two options. I could travel as a passenger in a stasis-box to VanTre. That, however, would cost credits, when I could be earning credits as a crew member and simply sign off the ship when we reached VanTre. However, if I wanted a good professional reputation that would land me good berths, signing off after only a month wasn't a wise move. Captains and companies don’t like replacing competent crews, so they’d be unlikely to employ me in the future. But if I stated up front that I only wanted to sign on to VanTre, I’d likely find my prospects for a Guild ship pretty slim.
Which left signing on a non-Guild, planet trader bound for VanTre. It would be a longer voyage, with likely planet calls on a half dozen little worlds and rocks between Fairwaine and VanTre. But I could sign off on VanTre without affecting my Guild ship prospects. Since planet traders didn’t pay crews all that well, they were often looking for crews, sobriety being optional, making that a viable option. Still, we know how my first and last planet trader voyage turned out…
So, as I sat in my little cubicle, the window rattling from the blast of a ship’s boat lifting off from the small craft landing field on the other side of Star Street, I had a lot to consider. How badly did I want to see Di Ai? (Badly.) How long could I expect to visit with her, without annoying her? (Ideally, more than a few hours.) Would I be able to see her at all, given her silence? Was her silence intentional, or a result of her situation? Did I have to know? (The deciding point.) Yes, even if it meant sailing aboard a planet trader again.
As it turned out, I got lucky. The following day, the Rendezvous Moon, a Macdow “Moon Line” tramp freighter swung into orbit around Fairwaine. 
I had spent my first year in the Alantzia as an apprentice engineer aboard the Macdow Line tramp Blue Moon, followed with a year and a half as third engineer of the firm’s Honey Moon. I left that ship for a better paying third engineer berth on one of the Comet Express Line’s scheduled freight service ships, the Comet Zephyr, after six months of working under the Honey Moon’s replacement chief engineer, Arsine Nix. I decided that any berth, much less a better paying berth, would be an improvement over working for Nix. I then spent the better part of two and a half years aboard the Comet Zephyr before making the rather, shall we say, significant decision to experience the full romance of the Atlantzia by signing on as the second engineer of the Tzarista Moon. Which is a long way of saying, that I knew how the Macdow Line operated. 
And I knew the spaceers’ row bars on Star Street where I’d find Rendezvous Moon’s engine room gang. Her captain and mates would be busy overseeing the transfer of cargo containers to and from the lighters that lift them up and carry them down from orbit. But for the engineers, this was free downside time. And free time meant spaceers’ row. I hoped to get a reading from them about the prospect of signing on as a limited term apprentice system-tech.
 I gave the engineering crew time to get downside and went down and out onto Star Street – the spaceers’ row of Fairwaine Prime. From past experience, I knew their first stop would be Mina’s. I even knew their usual table. I recognized the Macdow badge on the caps of the spaceers around that table. I even recognized the grinning face under one of those caps. He had been the second engineer of the Blue Moon. And he was still sober enough to recognize me as I pushed through the crowd to their table.
‘Blast me mates, lookee here. If it ain’t young d’Mere, late of the Patrol, himself!’
‘And if it ain’t Red Tew, himself, as well. And sporting a chief engineer’s jacket. There must be a naked drunken chief engineer around here somewhere,’ I replied, taking his large calloused hand.
He laughed, ‘Astounded are you, d’Mere? Order us another round and find yourself a chair. Fit him in lads, he was once a Moon Line apprentice engineer under me, aboard the Blue Moon.’
I caught the bartender’s eye and ordered another round circling my raised hand, before pulling over a chair and slipping in next to Red around the large table. He introduced me to his gang.
‘So you finally got promoted, Red. Well deserved...’
He laughed, ‘You be want’n something, I can tell. But it can wait. I hear tell that you left us for the Comet Line. Pff! Word had it that you and Arse Nix didn’t get along all that well.’
‘Nobody gets along with Arse Nix,’ I replied. ‘Six months of Nix were more than enough for me. And the Comet Line was paying a whole lot better.’
‘Aye, I imagine they would. But here you are, mate, without a badge on your cap. Sacked you, did they? And now you’re ready to come crawling back, are you?’
I shook my head. ‘They didn’t sack me. I got talked into seeing the real Alantzia – by signing aboard a planet trader...’
That announcement was greeted by a round of gruff laughter, and a slap on my back by Red.
‘So how’s the real Alantzia looking these days?’
‘Real enough.’
‘So you haven’t got a ship?’
‘Nope,’ I said, shaking my head. ‘Truth be told, I’ve been doing a stint downside, fixing toasters, bots, and appliances.’
‘Hey! That real, was it, mate?’
‘Aye. That real. Oh, I’ve got a tale to spin… But it’s too dangerous to spin here and now. It’ll have to wait until we’re out of orbit.’
‘We’re out of orbit?’ he asked, giving me an appraising eye. ‘We ain’t be needing an engineer.’
‘Aye, I know that, but I see you don’t have a systems-tech...’
‘And so you’re looking to be one? On a Moon Line ship?’ he laughed. ‘Well that’ll be a new twist.’
‘I’m looking to be one only until we reach VanTre. If the Rendezvous Moon is like every other Moon Line ship, I bet there’s a lot of yellow lights on the systems panel that I could change to green between here and VanTre – for apprentice wages.’
‘Aye, you was always good at that. We might be able to lift that… But why only to VanTre?
‘A girl...’ I couldn’t come up with any excuse other than the silly truth.
‘A girl?’ Red laughed, and ran his finger behind my ear. ‘Still wet.’
Shaking his head sadly, he muttered, ‘Planet traders and a girl. Ah, the folly of youth!’
What could I say? ‘Do you think Captain Sing might be open to the idea of employing me between here and VanTre to clean up the info-system? And would you put in a good word for me?’
Red shrugged. ‘She might. We get along fine. She might appreciate an extra hand on board – until VanTre. You’ll need to promise to sign off on reaching VanTre. Our budgets don’t include more hands than what we can get away with. Plus an apprentice or two. But we have our allotment of them already.’
‘Aye, I know. But I’m thinking that it’d be worth a month’s apprentice wages to tune up the ship’s info and control systems. You’d not want to rely on redundant systems and circuits forever.’
‘Aye. Well, I’ll pitch it to the Skipper and see what she says. No doubt you’re in the company books. I hear that Captain Contaire appreciated what you did for the Honey Moon’s systems. But drink up. We still have places to go… And they’ve only twenty boxes to transfer before we sail.’


Guild manned ships command premium cargo prices, since they must meet certain staffing and safety requirements set by the Unity and the Spaceers’ Guild. A Guild ship must have three Guild certified pilots and three engineers for a four hour on, eight off, watch rotation while under power. In addition, there has to be one Systems’ tech to maintain the ship’s complex control systems, one electrical engineer to maintain the ship’s electrical system beyond the engine room, and one environmental engineer to keep all of the systems that allow people to live on the small enclosed world of a ship up and running properly. In addition, some companies employ a purser to look after the business end of the ship, and often several apprentices for the various positions to, hopefully, ensure future staffing, trained in the company’s methods.
However, tramp companies like the Moon Line liked to keep staffing at a minimum. And since almost every tramp company cross-trains their crews in every position, most tramp ship spaceers have certificates outside of their specialties. A ship’s captain, no matter their particular specialty, likely has these tickets for every position aboard the ship. And since they were not, strictly speaking, a Guild mandated position, they could fill in for one of the Guild mandated positions, in a crunch – or if their operating budget did not allow for the entire Guild mandated crew. Which was the case throughout the Moon Line. So the Moon Line often ran their ships with one Guild member slot filled by the captain, on the record.  And they used apprentices with more than a year of service, in other positions, on an “emergency staffing” basis. Keeping within Guild rule, but just barely.
 Unlike pilots and engineers, systems tech personnel could usually find better paying jobs downside. It was only the romance of space travel that would bring them up – often for only a couple of years. So experienced systems techs were always in somewhat short supply – especially at apprentice wages. For this reason, the systems tech position was often handled by the captains of the Moon Line. And while the captains could keep the ship’s systems running, they often did not have the time to keep it running on the primary systems, all of the time. Indeed, the system status board of Macdow ships often had more amber lights – the redundant system running – than the green lights of the prime systems. I knew this from past experience. Still, you can only sail so long on redundant systems before you begin to have major problems. You don’t want major problems in space.
I had made a point to pass the level one systems tech test and get my ticket. And though I could’ve easily passed the master system-tech test, I wanted to keep my talents discreet. Plus, I had wanted to do something new as well, so I went into engineering instead at the beginning of my spaceer career. 
However, now I was banking on the fact that the Rendezvous Moon’s system board would have its share of amber glowing, and that Captain Sing would decide that a month’s apprentice wages would be worth getting the board glowing green again. I had done similar work for Captain Delvain as an apprentice engineer aboard the Blue Moon, and then again for Captain Contaire during my time aboard the Honey Moon. I figured my work would be noted on my Moon Line record. Hopefully it would stand me in good stead with Captain Sing as well. 



04
Chief Engineer Red Tew, swaying ever so slightly next to me – anchored to the deck by his magnetic soled boots –  may not have been strictly sober, but he was sober enough to pass as such when he presented me to Captain Sing. I was sober.
‘Here’s me old apprentice engineer from the Blue Moon, Skipper. The one I pinged you about. He’s look’n for a berth that’ll get him to his girl on VanTre. He may be still wet behind the ears, but he’s a wiz at info-systems. Worked wonders in his off duty time on the Blue Moon’s info-system, and I hear tell, did the same for Captain Contaire of the Honey Moon.’
Red had insisted that I accompany him back up to the Rendezvous Moon to meet the Skipper. With nothing to lose, I was now standing beside the ever so slightly swaying Chief Engineer in Captain Sing’s small office. She inspected me with the shrewd, if weary eyes, of a tramp ship captain in the process of discharging and loading cargo in orbit.
‘For a girl?’ she asked.
‘A friend, sir,’ I replied. ‘I took up being a spaceer to see the worlds of the Nebula. After spending six months downside on Fairwaine, I realize that if I’m to see the worlds beyond spaceers’ row, I can’t do it in the time I’d have as a regular spaceer. I’m thinking that I can ship out, when I care to, as a casual, a systems-tech doctor, so to speak. I don’t know what shape your system is in, but I do know what it was like on the Blue Moon and  the Honey Moon. I had my work cut out for me to get those ship’s systems back on their primary boards and circuits. If your system’s control board looks anything like theirs, I’ll have my work cut out for me here as well. But I should be able to get it glowing green between here and VanTre.’
She said nothing, just studied me.
So I pushed on. ‘I’m thinking that with 41 ships in the Macdow line, if word gets about that you can sign on Rafe d’Mere for a month or so to get your systems glowing green, I can go where I want, stay as long as I care to, and see just what the worlds of the Alantzia have to offer.’
She gave me another long look before saying, ‘We do keep records. I checked them. Delvain and Contaire speak highly of your info-system skills. So why are you an engineer?’
‘I wanted to try my hand at something different, sir. I grew up messing around in info-systems, and wanted to work with something more, shall we say, substantial than bits of code.’
‘You found something interesting enough on Fairwaine to stay downside for six months?’
‘Yes, sir. Captain Muratan Mor, retired out of the Outbound Interstellar Line, was running an appliance repair shop in the Agrilea Co-op. After twenty years of that, she was looking to get away and revisit her old haunts for six months. I filled in for her at the shop until she returned.’
‘He signed on aboard a wee planet trader to see the romantic real Alantzia, and it scared him enough to take a berth like that,’ added Red, with a wink.
She gave me another of her long looks. ‘Does the planet trader have a name?’
I didn’t know if the story of the attempted destruction of the Tzarista Moon had ever become public knowledge, but I suppose it didn’t matter. ‘I was the second engineer of the Tzarista Moon.’
She knew the story, since she smiled, a little, briefly. ‘The Tzarista Moon, you say?’
‘Yes, sir. I made a few unpleasant enemies on that voyage that made fixing toasters and bots in a little spa town in the Co-op seem an attractive option.’
She nodded. ‘We sail in 14 hours. Can you be aboard by then?’
‘I can be aboard in two, sir.’
She nodded. ‘I’ll need your word that you’ll sign off on VanTre. I can’t afford an apprentice systems-tech for longer than that. And I don’t want you pulling Guild rules to stay on.’
‘You have it, sir. As I said, I’m hoping to make something of a career out of being a systems doctor, for as long as I sail the Alantzia. So it’s in my best interest to sign off as well.’
‘Right,’ she said, and calling up a form on her desktop, slid the virtual form across to my side of the desk. Put your mark on it, and be aboard in five hours.’
‘Aye, sir. And thanks.’


The Rendezvous Moon had its share of amber lights on the control board in the systems office. Captain Sing had kept the most critical systems on their primary circuit, but a fair number of essential, but non-critical, systems, whose failure would not immediately endanger the ship, had been left to fall back on their redundant circuit or board. I spent many an hour aboard the Rendezvous Moon, along with the ship’s electrical engineer (also an apprentice), tracking down and crawling between the ship’s two hulls, searching for the failed circuits and circuit boards. And many an hour printing out replacements for defective circuit boards. Plus, tracking down and fixing corrupted, and non-updated software and firmware in the system. In short, I earned my passage, and my modest apprentice wages.
Still, it was a good voyage. The Macdow Line, despite their reluctance to fully staff their ships, was a good company to work for. They employed competent captains and crews, since they paid the crew they did hire relatively well, for a tramp ship company, so their ships ran smoothly. So with Red Tew to introduce me around, I settled into the ship’s little society easily enough. Plus, I now had my own “old spaceer’s” tales to spin, what with all my various encounters with a pirate prince of the Alantzia, including the last one, where I missed taking aboard a fatally charged dart from the pirate prince herself, by a few centimeters thanks to a retired purser of the Alantzia Star Line. Aye, I had tales to spin.



Chapter 02  VanTre



01
I signed off, as promised, on reaching VanTre orbit and took a taxi boat down from orbit to the planet’s prime space port – an island in the Bay of Deraway. So we’ve now circled back to the beginning of my tale. We’re back under the arching dome of the terminal with me standing still in a pool of sunlight slanting down from one of the tall clear-steel windows doing a pretty good imitation of an awe-struck Pine Covian farmer finding himself in the modern world of the Unity for the first time.
I took a breath, looked around and then set out for the pre-security lockers of the terminal, where I could store my large kit bag before passing through security. I still had the darter Di Ai had given me, which would not pass through security.  My model Crimson Comet 33xz with its secret darter would, but not knowing what I’d find out, I decided to travel light and leave it in the locker in the large kit bag. My first course of action would be to visit the Patrol base. Being very familiar with Patrol bases – and the familiarity I had with Di Ai’s co-workers from my earlier investigation – I was fairly confident that I could learn what was up with her the old fashioned way; through the base grapevine. Failing that, I’d find a hotel, set up my little info-unit and put my sleeping cyber-bots to work.
Securing my kit bag, I passed through the security gates and then down to the underground transportation platforms that served the spaceport. As I mentioned, Deraway’s space port was located on a large island twenty five kilometers away from the towering clear-steel towers of Deraway. It was one of a number of islands scattered across the wide bay. The Patrol base had its own island, as did the dives and transit housing of spaceers’ row. Tube trains running under the sea connected all these islands to each other and the mainland.
Finding the platform for the tube train to Patrol Island, I planned my next moves as I waited for the next train.
With all the data I had collected about Di Ai and her potential nemesis from seven months ago in my com-link memory, I knew who she worked with, and had images of them from their files so that I would likely be able to identify a colleague by sight. I also knew where their office was located on base, and the residential addresses of Di Ai and her colleagues’ Patrol supplied housing on its island. It would simply be a matter of downloading the base map, and waiting around for the desk-bound officers to finish their workday. With a lifetime, more or less, in the Patrol, including my own twelve year hitch, I knew where to find the young officers after work hours on any day of the week. That being the case, I was quite confident that I’d be able to connect with the colleagues of Di Ai, somewhere and at some point before midnight. I might have to buy a few rounds, but getting them to gossip didn’t strike me as an insurmountable problem.

I stepped out into the bright sunlight of Alantzia from the lift that had carried me up from deep tube station to the top of the half circle of hills that surrounded the landing field of the base. Alantzia’s sunlight, undimmed by the boundary layer of nano-particles that was used to keep little Fairwaine’s atmosphere from drifting off, was bright and warm. The sky, arching from the blue sea to the faint blue-green lines of the bay’s surrounding hills, was a brilliant blue and dotted with white clouds. The air was warm and laced with the fragrance of flowers and the tang of the sea.
A small hilltop park surrounded the tube train station entrance. Wide-spreading trees, shaped by sea breezes, offered dappled shade. Paved paths crisscrossed the green lawn leading down and out of sight to the east, and to a wide, palm tree lined boulevard followed the ridge line. Across the boulevard the hill dropped to the broad flat landing field, hangars, and workshops of the base. Half a dozen larger ships stood tall in their blast-buffering landing docks –  picket ships, small couriers, and supply transports. In addition, several dozen ship’s boats, fliers, plus the ever present Starsprite hybrid fliers were parked in neat rows around the edge of the field.
 On my other side of the boulevard, the hill sloped down to a wide sand beach. Large, colorful blankets and sun umbrellas were scattered up and down the white beach. Off duty Patrol personnel, their families, and childcare providers, plus the families of the non-enlisted workforce of the base, played in the sand and gentle waves. The warm sea breeze brought not only the familiar scent of the seashore, but the laughs and shouts of the children mixed with the warnings of their parents and guardians not to go out too far.
Overhead, gulls wheeled, calling out to each other in their loud, raw voices. Someone, a very long time ago, must’ve loved seagulls. All the worlds of the Nebula had been terraformed with fauna and flora carried from Terra. The collection was extensive, but still very selective. There needed to be a wide enough selection to build a complete ecosystem for a wide variety of different planets, but only enough to do so. And somehow, seagulls had made the cut, and could be found along the seas of almost every planet of the Nebula, hunting fish, and the scraps of the beach goers’ meals.
In any event, the image of Pine Cove they brought faded quickly as I started walking up the palm tree lined boulevard. Lining it, interspersed with wide green spaces, were five and six story clear-steel clad offices along with the residential buildings with their characteristic wide balconies.
With the base map downloaded to my com-link and now clear in my mind, I strolled towards the residential building that my previous investigation had told me was that of Di Ai and her colleagues. Being still an hour short of quitting time for office personnel, I was in no hurry. Indeed, I spent the better part of that hour sitting on a sunny bench in the little park next to their sleek, curving residential block, watching the familiar activity of getting one of the picket ships ready to lift off. Which it did –on a pillar of blue flame, the roar of its plasma rockets hitting me like the giant palm of an invisible hand as it slowly rose over the landing field, and then, gaining speed, shot out of sight. I used to be a crew member of a picket like that. Lift offs were never fun. Pilots seemed always to be in a hurry, gee-force be blasted.
Shortly after the gulls had settled down again after the liftoff, the office buildings began to release their streams of black and white uniformed personnel who made their way to the nearby residences. I gave them half an hour before I climbed to my feet and headed for Di Ai’s residential building.
The lower floors of the residential buildings were given over to shops and a variety of restaurants and bars. Since it was a mid-week day on VanTre, I knew from my days in the Patrol to look for any colleague of Di Ai in one of the modestly priced cafeteria style restaurants, most likely the one in their building. If it had been fourthday, I would’ve waited a little longer and looked into one of the bars. But, being a midweek day, the inexpensive and convenient cafeteria style restaurant in their building would be their most likely destination, since personnel, at her rank and experience, were all likely too young to have a family. And based on my life in the Patrol, some, if not all of them, would not bother punching up a meal on the rather basic synth-galleys provided in the residences and eat dinner alone in their quarters. 
Since this part of the base was not restricted, there were family members, base workers, and likely visitors, dining in the Spring Garden Restaurant, so my black spaceer’s uniform did not attract any special attention, black uniforms being the norm. Patrol personnel were scattered about the wide dining room as I strolled into the Spring Garden to take my place in the short food line. I searched the room for a “familiar” face from my research. And sure enough, I found one, half a dozen people ahead of me in line. I placed him as Lieutenant JG Lye Tau, an intelligence analyst who worked alongside Di Ai. He’d know what was up with Di Ai if anyone did.
I watched him walk through the tables to sit down at an empty table. All to the good. I collected my modest meal and made my way to his table.
‘Mind if I sit here?’ I asked politely.
He looked up at me coolly, then looked around slowly, implying that there was no shortage of empty tables. And when I failed to take the hint, he gave a sharp, penetrating look. ‘What can I do for you, sir?’ he asked, making a shrewd deduction.
As I settled into the chair across the table from him, I replied, ‘Thanks. I’m Rafe d’Mere. And yes, you can do something for me, Lieutenant. I just arrived downside. I had expected to find an officer friend of mine, one Lieutenant JG Vaun Di Ai, who is, or was stationed here. However, my ping came back null, suggesting that she was off planet.’
As cool and collected as he was, I caught the little start he made when I mentioned Di Ai’s name. His attitude shifted. Still, trying to suppress the wary curiosity in his gaze, he replied evenly, ‘I am sorry, sir, but there are several hundred officers on base. I’m unfamiliar with any Lieutenant Di Ai, so I can’t help you. Perhaps you can consult the base directory.’
I nodded. ‘Excellent, Lieutenant Tau. That is exactly the answer a friend of hers should give to a stranger who inquires about Lieutenant Di Ai. As I am sure you know, our friend made some very ruthless enemies on Fairwaine. You don’t cross pirate princes without expecting a price to pay. I know that she used an alias throughout that investigation, but one should never underestimate a pirate prince. They have a ruthless reputation to maintain. However, the Seven Syndicate’s pirate prince, one Silha Han, is now in Guard custody and has been interrogated. If she had identified Lieutenant Di Ai as the agent of her demise, I’d have thought that Di Ai would’ve mentioned it to me in her last radio-packet.’
Lieutenant Lye Tau was on full alert now.
‘Still, you can’t be too careful. So I understand and appreciate your caution. But I do know that you’re a colleague of hers. Another intelligence analyst. So you do know her. And can tell me what is up with her. And while I’d like to believe that the Patrol treated her right – promoting her and reassigning her to a new post in a new star system – I am far from certain that is the case. I believe that her immediate superior, Commander Pry, does not value Lieutenant Di Ai. And thus, my concern upon receiving a null response.’
‘Who are you?’ he asked, with a penetrating stare. 
‘As I said, Rafe d’Mere. A friend of Lieutenant Di Ai. We met on Fairwaine, where I was doing a stint as an appliance repair tech in the Agrilea Co-op.  Without going into details, I became rather inadvertently entangled in her assignment there. So, knowing the details of that affair – and the fact that she has a superior officer who seems to use her rather carelessly, I’m concerned. I’m hoping that you can reassure me that my concern is unwarranted. And give me at least a hint as to where she might be.’
He stared hard at me for a few moments, before saying, ‘You’re the agent she mentioned in her report. Someone from, what?  Department 57 Subsection 4, of some directorate or another.’
‘That would be Department 57, Subsection 3 of the Supply Service Directorate, Special Acquisitions Department, Lieutenant. However, I must deny that I’m an agent of that organization. I’m merely a very concerned friend of Lieutenant Di Ai, with, I believe, good reason.’ I said with a shake of my head and a concerned smile.
He continued to watch me, while he decided on his course of action.
And I, him. There was something in his attitude and continued wariness that gave me the impression that Lieutenant Lye Tau might be a fellow admirer of Lieutenant Di Ai. A brief forlorn look flashed across his face whenever I mentioned her name.
‘Why do you want to know?’
‘Beyond my concern for her well-being, I had hoped for a dinner. You see, I’m just passing through VanTre. Failing that, the reassurance that she’s fine, if you can offer me that.’
‘She’s not here. And I can’t, sir.’ he said, deciding on his course of action.
‘That rather alarms me. Why?’
‘Because I don’t know what she’s up to,’ he sighed, suddenly forlorn.
 And then added, abruptly, ‘She declined to reenlist. It’s as simple as that. She cleared her desk and left with only the briefest goodbyes. She said that she had decided to pursue a new course. And a day later she was shipping herself off planet in a stasis box,’ he added, with a trace of bitterness and/or hurt.
It was my turn to stare silently for a few moments, before shaking my head. ‘No. That doesn’t lift. She’d never have given up her dream of being an admiral.’
‘Well, she did, sir. I didn’t believe it either, so I took a peek at her personnel records. She simply declined to reenlist. There was nothing on record to indicate that they had declined to continue to employ her.’
‘That would’ve been delivered verbally, given her Patrol connections. But they had no reason to do that. Even Commander Pry couldn’t have swung sacking her – not with all that she accomplished on Fairwaine, no matter how she accomplished it.’
He shrugged. ‘I’m only reporting what I know of the facts, sir.’
‘So what do you think is going on, Lieutenant?’
He shook his head. ‘I don’t know what to make of it.’ And looking down at the meal tray before him, continued,  ‘I know that she was negotiating a new assignment, as one can, upon the end of an enlistment term. She didn’t seem discouraged or upset. She was, well, Vaun Di Ai. Her usual cheerful self. And from all appearances, she’d been welcomed back as a conquering hero by our superior officers, though as you say, Pry always had it in for her. As far as I can tell, she wasn’t facing any repercussions for possibly exceeding her orders, early in her mission. That seems to have been papered over. Her results had seen to that. And there’s a glowing report from the Fairwaine Civil Guards about her work with them identifying the suspects in the Co-op. As I said, she was in a good mood right up to the day she packed her gear and said goodbye. But that’s Vaun for you,’ he added, more to himself than me. ‘It is, sir, a mystery to me as well.’
‘Do you know where she lifted to?’
He looked up and across to me and considered the question. 
He shrugged. ‘I tried to contact her after she left since it didn’t make any sense. She left the base and ignored my pings, and within two days my pings returned null. I was angry, as well as concerned.’
A fellow Di Ai fan club member. I nodded. ‘She has to be up to something. Something so secret that she couldn’t tell you. Or me. The question is what?’ 
‘I don’t know. I tapped into the civil security surveillance system to trace her movements  – we have that authority. I could trace her com-link and capture vids of her movement via the surveillance net. She returned to base the next day to collect her few personal effects from her flat. The following day, she went to the spaceport and shipped herself off planet in a stasis box, though her name was not on that ship’s manifest. She must have changed it for the passage. She has the know-how to do that. Trust me, I checked all the vid feeds possible, and she could’ve only have left in a stasis box shipped on one particular freighter. I traced back the handful of passengers on that freighter’s manifest. Only one, Laya Phen, did not have her own back trail.’
‘Di Ai.’
He nodded. ‘It has to be.’
‘Where was this Laya Phen sailing to?
‘I would’ve followed her, if I could’ve,’ he said, giving me a hard, and perhaps warning stare. ‘But I couldn’t get leave for that long – not for the months it would take to follow her. And having just reenlisted, I could think of nothing else to do.’
‘Right,’ I said, with a nod. ‘Message received. Still, I’m in a position where I can do just that. She’s probably involved in yet another covert operation. I’m all but certain of that. But I’d like to be absolutely certain. And then move on. We mustn’t underestimate Vaun Di Ai. She’s demonstrated a talent for special ops. But you can’t rely only on talent. You need training as well, and I’m not sure she recognizes that.’
‘But she’s not in the Patrol anymore.’
‘So it would seem. Still, I think that we both would agree that Vaun Di Ai would never voluntarily resign from the Patrol. Moreover, I don’t think that she’s naive. She knows how it works. There are appeals, and transfers, if nothing else.’ I shook my head, ‘No, she would not have resigned. She would’ve fought any attempt to oust her. I have to believe that the records don’t reflect reality. There are a number of departments and directorates, like Department 57 subsection 3, within the Patrol with rosters kept in Murlinn that would explain her abrupt departure.’
 I said all that with a fair amount of confidence. Not only did I know it to be true, but, well, she hadn’t come running back to me, wanting to tramp the Nebula together with me. The only other explanation. In my dreams.
‘Maybe,’ said Lieutenant Tau, thoughtfully – giving me a hard look. 
‘You like her,’ he said, out of the blue.
‘Yes, I do,’ I replied, with manly honesty. ‘And I suspect that we’re both members of that club. I don’t know where you stand with her, but she made it very clear to me that being an admiral was more important than liking me in the same way in return. So you see, I’ll have to wait until she makes admiral rank to even have a chance.’ I said, and added, with a slightly sad smile. ‘You’re clear to lift until then.’
He shrugged, slightly sadly, but said nothing.
‘Still, we’re friends,’ I continued. ‘And because I care for her, I need to find out what she’s up to – if I can. Just for my peace of mind.’  Though I had a feeling, it wouldn’t give my mind a lot of peace.
‘You’ll report back to me what you find out about her?’
‘Yes. I will, because I know you care as well. I’ll send you a radio-packet or two when I find her.’
He considered me for a while longer, and then nodded. ‘She booked a passage to Ironlode.’



Chapter 03  Ironlode



01
I stood on the landing stage of the Summer Moon, kit bag beside me, waiting for the taxi boat to take me down to Ironlode on what I’d come to see as a fool’s mission. 
Below, the misshapen black night side of this minor world, viewed through the clear-steel hull of the ship’s landing stage, was outlined against the glowing strands of the nebula. It was about as strange as a world one can find in the Nebula. Which is to say, it was about average for the Alantzia system. At some point early in its career as a planet, it had captured a small moon –  likely the iron core of a shattered planet – about a quarter of the size of Ironlode. That arrangement proved unstable, and this iron moon fell and embedded itself into the planet, forming a great red dome that protrudes from the planet. Perhaps as a result of this catastrophic event, Ironlode, like the many moons of the Nine Star Nebula, is an all but airless planet. Its inhabited areas, like those of the airless moons are enclosed under vast, self-mending, designed-matter fabric domes. In the case of Ironlode, these domes were long running tents of fabric anchored and sealed on both sides of the long rift valleys that radiated out and across the world from the fallen moon’s impact. The D-matter fabric of these domes retain the atmosphere and moderate temperature swings, while shielding the inhabitants from dangerous radiation. Beneath them, the rift valleys had been terraformed into cities, parks, farms, and vast stretches of wilderness. Having grown up on Murlinn, an airless moon, I was quite familiar with life under these fabric domes.
At the moment, we were orbiting over the dome of the fallen moon on the night side. Ironlode rotates so rapidly that it has two nights every day, so I couldn’t say if it was the first night, or the second, afternoon, or night of Ironlode’s strange day. In any event, all of its Unity cities, mines, smelters, refineries, steel mills, and fabricating factories glowed like a multi-strand necklace of luminous pearls – the cities – and diamonds – the mines and factories –around the rusty iron dome of the fallen moon. With this fallen moon of iron, the wealth of Ironlode was nearly incalculable, far more than enough to have terraformed the entire world, as Fairwaine had done. However, this would’ve forced all those smelters, refineries, steel mills and many of the factories off world, since those types of industries are confined to the airless moons in the Unity. So Ironlode remained as a large, airless moon-like minor planet, content to dome its great rift valleys. However, unlike the glowing gems of the Unity cities and factories that ringed the fallen moon, these rift valleys were dark. They were the private dissenting domains of the founding families. 
Ironlode was claimed by one extended family – the Hunsar Family. The first to arrive and claim the world were the five sisters and four brothers of Xiala and Verlyn Hunsar. They invited their aunts and uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews to ensure that the family claimed the entire fallen iron moon, which gave them effective control of this minor planet. They had come from a drift world and brought with them a very un-Unity-like society, one modeled after a nearly prehistoric, early industrial, feudal society from Terra. Or what they imagined it to have been. And in the thousands of years since, they have been mining the iron moon and using their wealth to extend this dissenting society along the rift valleys of the planet. 
Beyond the Unity cities, the planet is privately owned, and its inhabitants employed, one way or another, by the descendants of the founding families – known as the Iron Kings, Iron Dukes, and Iron Counts, in a feudal pre-technological society. According to my copy of Von Dra’s Guide to Ironlode and Its People, The Hunsar Iron Kingdoms – the inhabited part of the planet beyond the string of Unity cities and factories around the fallen moon – constitutes both the largest, and most primitive, dissenting society allowed by the Unity, offering its inhabitants, and visitors, only the minimum of health, safety, conveniences, and social security that the Unity requires of all dissenting societies. 
All of which is to say, there seemed to be no logical, or even illogical reason for Vaun Di Ai, late of the Unity Patrol, to have booked passage to Ironlode. No innocent one, anyway, unless it was just a transfer point. 



02
Di Ai had shipped out nearly three months before my arrival on VanTre, and it had taken me 43 days to make my way here 33 of them aboard the Macdow’s Summer Moon, once again, as a temp apprentice systems-tech. Plenty of time to view my actions in cold blood. Not only did I have no idea what I hoped to accomplish by following her to Ironlode, but I could clearly see just how insulting it would be if she found out that I had. 
All I really wanted was some peace of mind about someone I cared far too much about. But I had a feeling that Vaun Di Ai wasn’t someone who I could ever feel at peace with. Her life wasn’t really my concern, save as a friend – a friend of a few weeks. A pretty thin thread. But it bound me. Alas.
I would have liked to believe that if it had been any planet other than this dreary little planet of dormitory cities, heavy industry, and a very primitive dissenting society, I would’ve reconciled myself to her inexplicable decision. 
But Ironlode. Really?
There seemed nothing to draw anyone to Ironlode except employment in its mines, mills, and factories. Often this was a limited time contract employment that paid well, since the planet had very little else to attract people. It certainly wasn’t Ironlode’s throw-back society, a society that would’ve scoffed at all the amenities that the throw-back society of the Agrilea Co-op offered. And yet, this society had its share of tourists, at least according to Von Dra’s Guide to Ironlode and Its People. 
Dissenting societies, throw-back or otherwise, were the safety valves of the Unity – easily reached places for anyone unhappy in the safe sameness of the Unity, if only for a while. In this way, the greater Unity never had to change. Those that wanted change could find what it was that they wanted in one of the dissenting societies of the moons, or in the drift.
But Di Ai wasn’t likely looking for such a change. So what brought her to Ironlode had to be a some sort of hidden motive. And knowing Di Ai, that motive would likely involve both the Patrol and danger.
The only other explanation was that she’d come here to change her identity for safety after the Seven Syndicate case. But that made little sense, as the Patrol could’ve simply reassigned her to a new posting in one of the other Nebula solar systems. They should’ve anyway, given her part in bringing down the Seven Syndicate. 
Maybe it was curiosity, the inexplicability of her choice, that brought me here. The mystery of it. And since I had the time, the means, and the concern, to follow Di Ai to Ironlode, I had no reason not to do so. And that would be my story should I decide to meet her. That, or I’d blame Lieutenant Lye Tau.
Given these second thoughts, my plan was to discreetly investigate Di Ai’s activity here, using my special info-system skills without announcing my arrival. All the cities and industries were under Unity authority, so the standard Unity security and surveillance systems would be in place. And since everything is standardized and unchanging within the Unity, once you knew one system, you knew it everywhere. I expected to be able to locate her to assure myself that she was safe. And then leave, after sending the promised report to Lieutenant Tau.
And yet, somehow, I had a feeling that it wasn’t going to be easy, or enough.



03
Fate sometimes beckons you, say, with a pretty face on an unconscious thief. Sometimes it slams you in the face, like when a pirate prince sits down to chat with you before putting a fatally charged dart in you. And sometimes it just shoves you in the back, which is what she did, when I tossed my kit bag through the airlock and followed it through into the taxi boat that had latched on to the gangplank of the Summer Moon. 
‘Down to Ravenhall Prime, mate,’ I called out as I settled into one of its seats.
‘Think again. I recognized your com-link code. I played my “old shipmate” card to get this hire out of turn. I’m considering darting and spacing you,’ she said, turning towards me from the cockpit.
Her face, faintly lit only by the view screens of the cockpit, was impossible to read. Her voice was cool. But none of that told me anything. I would’ve needed to see her eyes.
Plan two.
‘Lye Tau made me come here.’ 
‘Pff...’ she hissed dismissively.
‘Love?’ I ventured, on the off chance...
‘Right,’ somehow hissing that too.
I hadn’t expected that to lift either, but it was a sideways way of saying it, if only just once. 
I grabbed my kit bag, and hauled myself through the little boat to the seat behind the cockpit. If humor and love didn’t work, I’d try guilt.
‘Neb-blast-it, Di Ai, you’ll never make me believe that you didn’t have the time to send a three sentence radio-packet to tell me what you were up to. Or say a few more words to poor Lye Tau. So don’t hiss me, young lady. This is what you get when you leave all of your friends and would be lovers without a word and ship off to some ill-begotten planet.’
She shrugged.
It worked.
‘So why did you do it?’
 ‘I was pressed for time,’ she replied, somewhat lamely, adding, ‘Besides, the last time I looked, it was my life to live.’
I still couldn’t read her exact mood, but you’d be unlikely to find anyone more customarily cheerful than Vaun Di Ai under any circumstances, so I had to believe that she was merely going to give me the hard time I knew I deserved. And the sooner I surrendered, the sooner it would be over.
‘I am really sorry, Vaun. This was an impulse I should’ve resisted. I should’ve trusted you. My only defense is that I was following my heart rather than my head. I’m sure you have your reasons for whatever it is you’re doing, but they were a mystery to Lye Tau, and myself. Lye was concerned enough for him to tell me where to look for you, even knowing that I was a rival of sorts. Really, Vaun, couldn’t you have said something more to him – and sent me a short radio-packet as well?’
‘Let’s just say that I wasn’t in the mood to cry on anyone’s shoulder. I’m not that sort of person. I was making a break, and I wanted it clean.’
There was a great deal of authenticity in that reply. Still…
‘It’s not easy to break ties like that, not without a word or two, Vaun.’
‘So I see,’ she replied, turning back to her console, and closing the boat’s little entry hatch.
She disengaged the magnets that held the boat to the Summer Moon’s gangplank tube and nudged the boat away from the ship. Over her shoulder I could see the plotted vector of the first of the lighters arriving to take off the first of Summer Moon’s containers consigned to Ironlode. I waited until we were clear of the ship and lighter, and were angling down to Ravenhall Prime Port before asking, ‘So what brings you to Ironlode?’
‘What does it look like, mate?’ she replied, ‘I’m a taxi jockey.’
‘Why a taxi jockey? And why here – of all the worlds of the Neb to choose from?’
‘Let’s just say that I decided that I didn’t want to spend my life behind a desk.’
‘The Di Ai I know, would’ve managed to escape a desk, in time. And she certainly knew that everything takes time in the Patrol. And she would’ve never quit the Patrol after a single enlistment. 
‘Let’s say that I’m not as patient as you seem to imagine. There’s more than one way to get where I want to be in the Patrol. I’m merely starting over from a different track.’
‘As a taxi jockey?’
‘I’ve been flying flyers and space boats since I’ve been old enough to fly’em. My mother saw to that. So this is a natural job for me. And, as I am sure you know, being a Guild spaceer yourself, a year of this work counts towards the two year Guild pilot’s apprenticeship. I spend a year here as a taxi jockey, and then a year as an apprentice pilot, and I can sit for a pilot’s ticket. Ten, fifteen years, as a ship’s pilot, and I can re-enlist in the Patrol as an experienced ship pilot. Another hitch at a desk wouldn’t likely land me aboard a ship.’
I shrugged. There was some sense in that. But I doubted it was the real reason. But I’d play along. ‘Why not spend two years as a pilot apprentice aboard a ship? And why a taxi jockey – on Ironlode of all places?’
‘Full of questions, aren’t you d’Mere?’
‘Yep. That’s why I’m here.’ The “like it or not,” left unsaid.
‘Let’s say that I was in a hurry. I didn’t want to wait around until a pilot’s apprenticeship opened up on VanTre. I wanted to lift. So I did some research. You can always find a job on Ironlode. No one comes here for the ambiance. And everyone here wants to leave, as soon as they can swing it. It’s credits that keep people on Ironlode. And the good old Ravenhall Orbital Taxi Service doesn’t pay all that many credits. I knew that they’re always begging for taxi jockey pilots. I did my research, d’Mere. I always do.’
‘You could’ve consulted with me about an apprenticeship. I landed one easy enough. And I know people in the Macdow Line. I could’ve written a recommendation for you.’
‘Let’s just say that I like doing things for myself.’
I gave up. For now.
‘Let’s say I believe you, Di Ai’ I said, mimicking her rather evasive “let’s say” way of answering my questions. ‘I appreciate that you’re trying to be evasive without actually lying to me. So I’ll let it ride, for now.’
‘Let’s say I’d appreciate that,’ she replied without looking back. She sounded almost like the Di Ai I knew.
‘Are you really happy, Vaun? I wouldn’t be here if I was certain that you were happy.’
‘I’m quite happy, Rafe,’ she replied, this time quite sincerely. And glancing back at me, flashed me a familiar smile. ‘I should be really mad at you for coming here. It’s insulting. It implies a lack of confidence in me and my abilities.’
‘Aye. I know. And I’ve apologized, and will again, now. I am sorry to have acted as I did. I’ve been regretting this meeting ever since I signed aboard the Summer Moon. I had decided just to make certain that you were – well, alright with whatever brought you here – without actually meeting you. And if everything seemed fine with you, I’d just ship out again. As I said, I was following my heart rather than my head. But I have my head about me now, so I won’t stay. I’ve found out all I need to know. I’ll catch the next ship I can sign on to out. I’ll leave a nice letter touting all of your considerable talents that you can use to land an apprenticeship, and maybe someday, we can ship out together for a voyage or two.’
‘Oh, don’t be that way, d’Mere. You needn’t rush off with your tail between your legs. It’ll be nice to have you around for a while. However, I’ve got this job, so you’ll get bored quick enough. But until then, you can stay with me. I have a nice two bedroom suite all to myself. Accommodations on Ironlode are generous in order to keep people here. I’ll keep you around as a cook for as long as you care to stay. We have fruits and vegetables from the Hunsara Kingdom, so you should be right at home here. You are looking a little – what was it? Gaunt again.’
‘Really, Di Ai? I can afford a hotel.’
‘Really, d’Mere. I’ll ping you my address and entry code.’
‘How long can you stay?’ she asked, after pinging me the information.
I laughed. ‘You probably should’ve asked me that question before inviting me to stay with you.’
‘That long?’
‘As long or as short as you care to make it,’ I replied, and went on to explain my arrangement with the captains of the Macdow ships I’d been hitching my rides on. ‘I think it will work out well for me going forward. I can call on and explore any planet I care to, for as long as I care to, or can afford to, and then earn credits to spend on the next planet while traveling on to it. If need be, I can also expand my temporary system-tech service beyond the Macdow Line. It’ll allow me the time to truly explore the Alantzia, and the other seven star systems at my pace. Plus, it saves me from having to ship out on planet traders. And pays better, as well.’
‘I think you’ll soon find Ironlode a rather boring world. Everybody does. And even the throw-back societies of the Iron Kingdoms offer little more than a very authentic, very primitive pseudo-historic experience, and they’re significantly less pleasant than that of the Co-op. Or so I’ve been told.’
She was only half right. The Iron Kingdoms were primitive, but not boring. Far from boring.



04
Ravenhall Prime Port, as it appeared in the view screen of Di Ai’s taxi boat, was little more than a large, flat, hard vacuum landing field perched on the high plateau at the edge of the vast dome of the fallen moon. Below it, to one side, was the deep rift valley and the city of Ravenhall under its fabric dome. The landing field was ringed with clumps of small boat hangars and repair shops. There were perhaps fifty ship’s boats and space yachts parked in rows, and a dozen lighters. Most of the planet’s exports were lifted directly from the various smelting, refineries, and fabricating shops, so there was only a small passenger terminal building. 
As Di Ai guided her taxi into the large rotating airlock door of the passenger terminal building, she said, ‘I just started my shift. It’s 1820 hours, in Ravenhall. I work a twelve hour shift, so I won’t be home until after 0600 tomorrow. Make yourself at home. Help yourself to any food you find lying about. And be sure to find the spare bedroom.’
‘Aye.’
‘I’ll need to sleep when I get back, so plan on amusing yourself until at least midafternoon. However, I work three days on, three off, and this is my last shift for the week, so we’ll have a few days to spend together when I’m not sleeping.’
‘Aye. And thanks, Vaun. I am sorry to have barged in on you, like this.’
‘Apology accepted for what needs to be apologized for. But I am happy to see you again. I hadn’t forgotten you.’

The terminal building was a pretty sparse affair. I rented a locker for my small bag of non-essentials, including my (undisguised) contraband darter. I passed through security into the terminal’s lobby, with its various booking and information booths, and down to a cavern, the far side of which was lined with the first-stop bars of Ravenhall’s spaceers’ row. A cluster of express lifts filled the center of this cavern. They carried customers several kilometers up from or down to the Ravenhall’s transport hub, where one could catch the local monorail to the city or the tube trains that served the cities and factories that circled the fallen moon. 
I boarded the monorail that took me out into the rift valley and the city of Ravenhall. The valley was a mere five kilometers wide at this, the impact point, of the fallen moon. Steep hills led up to sheer cliffs, nearly three kilometers high. Running down the center of the valley was a long thin lake and park, lined with the shops and the offices of the various industrial facilities topside. Being the prime city of Ironlode, it also had the large Unity office. But even so, it was far from an impressive city. Mostly it was residences set in streets that wound their way up and along the rugged foothills below the cliffs. Like all domed cities, it was a green city, with many green parks. The walls of buildings were also covered with vines that helped provide a self-supporting livable atmosphere to the inhabitants. Having grown up on such a world, all of this was familiar to me. The fabric dome that stretched across the top of the rift valley was so high up that one hardly noticed it. 
What was, however, noticeable, was how dim it was. It was still early evening in Ravenhall. Days are fleeting on Ironlode, since it rotates twice in about 24 Unity Standard Hours, a relic of the impact of the iron moon. The day on Ironlode consisted of 6 hours each of “first night,” 2400 to 0600 hours, “morning” 0600 to 1200 hours, “second night” 1200 to 1800 hours, and “evening”  1800 to 2400 hours. In Ravenhall, with its three kilometer tall cliffs in a north-south rift, it experienced full sunlight only for an hour or so, twice a day. For the rest of the day, it lay in twilit shadows, illuminated by the faintly glowing dome, and the ruddy, golden light reflected off either the eastern or western cliffs.  At a little before 1900, the evening sunlight had reached only the upper half of the western cliffs, leaving the city in a blue twilight.
I took the monorail to the station that my com-link alerted me to alight for Di Ai’s flat and set out up the steep foothills. Ironlode’s gravity clocked in at around one third standard gravity – significantly more than Fairwaine’s modest gravity and the zero-gees I was used to aboard ship when it wasn’t accelerating or decelerating, which was most of the time aboard tramp ships. Which is to say, walking with my kit bag slung over my shoulder provided a bit of exercise. Spaceers rarely walked further than spaceer’s row. Gravity, as well as thirst, contributed to our disinclination to explore much farther. Still, if I wanted this sort of life, I’d have to get used to gravity as well.
Di Ai’s flat proved to be high in the foothills of the rift wall – a long curving row of two story townhouses with clear-steel facades and balconies that offered a sweeping view overlooking the city – well worth the sweat and aching legs that it cost to reach it. Though next time I’d hail a rickshaw taxi.



Chapter 04  Ravenhall



I had just dropped my kit bag off in the spare bedroom and had wandered over to the kitchen nook when a chime sounded.
I glanced around the flat looking for a flashing light to tell me what needed attention – a spaceer’s reaction. I didn’t see any.
It chimed again. The door?
I stepped over and opened it. A tall man, with narrow waist and broad shoulders stood on the doorstep with a cool smile. He was dressed in what I knew, from my time in the Co-op, to be a wool tweed suit that would’ve looked right at home in the Co-op. His cool smile changed slightly, to a questioning one. 
‘Laya?’ he asked, laconically, glancing past, or over me, into the flat.
‘I’m sorry, you must have the wrong flat,’ I replied.
He looked slightly puzzled, stepped back to look around and shook his head. ‘Nope, I do have the right flat. I’ve been here before and I distinctly remember it. This is where Laya Phen lives.’ 
I realized that Di Ai, was using yet another new name. 
‘If you say so. However, she’s at work. I’ll tell her you called. You are?’ I replied, just as laconically. I decided that he was too handsome to be calling on Di Ai.
‘Ah, when will she be back?’ he asked, ignoring my question.
‘After 0600 hours tomorrow. She just started her shift.’
A brief frown flashed across his face. He glanced down at me again. ‘And you are?’
‘A friend.’
He only managed to raise an eyebrow for his next question.
‘I just arrived in orbit. She met me in the course of her work, and invited me to stay here while I was downside. And you are?’ I asked again.
He glanced back, and seemed to sort of flicker. And with the passing of a slight breeze, he was inside and standing behind me. 
‘More company I believe. Close the door. We’ll see what they want,’ he said.
I closed the door and turned to him. 
‘Who are you?’ I asked yet again.
He gave me an amused smile, ‘A friend. And I need to get in touch with Laya immediately, if not sooner.’
‘Do you have a name? I can ping… Laya,’ I hesitated slightly over her new name, ‘And tell her you dropped by.’
The door chimed.
‘After your next visitor. See what they want,’ replied, Too Handsome, as I mentally dubbed him. 
I frowned, turned, and opened the door revealing a woman in some sort of uniform.
‘Laya Phen?’
‘Ah, she’s at work. Can I take a message?’
She hesitated, and then pressed on. ‘I’m Seri Linn, the manager of the Iron Kingdom Tours Agency’s Ravenhall office. Laya Phen is listed as the emergency contact person for two of our clients. Holding up an envelope, she continued, ‘I have an urgent note to deliver to her regarding them. Can you tell me when she will be back home?’ 
‘I’m afraid not until tomorrow after 0600 hours. She works a 12 hour shift.’
‘Ah… There is an urgent matter we need guidance on regarding her relatives. Would we be able to contact her at work? Time is of the essence.’
‘Yes, of course, come in and I’ll ping her on home com,’ I said, stepping aside and led her to the flat’s com and control panel. Looking around, Too Handsome had disappeared. I punched in Di Ai’s com-link code.
‘What is it, d’Mere? Can’t operate the synth-galley?’ she answered, as she switched to call to the boat’s visual display and camera.
‘No. There is a person here, Seri Linn from Iron Kingdom Tours who needs to speak to you urgently. I’ll put her on,’ I said, stepping aside to allow Linn into the frame.
‘Good evening. I’m Sire Linn, from Iron Kingdom Tours. If you are the Laya Phen listed as the emergency contact for two of our clients, Augusta Phen, and Carsden Clive, who, I believe are your aunt and uncle, then I have pressing news to deliver to you.’
‘I am,’ said Di Ai, ‘What has happened?’
‘We have received a report from our agent in Balweere. I am sorry to report that your aunt and uncle have had an accident and are in need of urgent medical attention. They should be transported as promptly as possible to Ravenhall.’
‘What happened?’
 “The report suggests that they were attacked by a wild animal, a wolf, or perhaps a pack of wolves, while hiking. Wolves are not uncommon in the Iron Kingdoms, though incidents involving them are. It seems that they suffered bites in the incident, but managed to obtain medical treatment – such as it is –  at the small hospital in Balmanse. However, our agent reports that due to some sort of infection, they both soon fell into a coma, and, at last report, remain in one. I have been informed that their prospects of recovery within the Iron Kingdom are questionable, hence the need to evacuate them swiftly.’
‘Of course. Can we have them evacuated under an emergency protocol?’
‘I am sorry to say that since the injuries suffered are a known and accepted hazard upon entry into the Iron Kingdoms, we cannot invoke a Unity response to evacuate them. Perhaps you can obtain a waiver, but I fear that one would involve a dangerous delay, and a questionable outcome. We must act promptly to get them released from the hospital and transported back to Ravenhall, where their recovery can be assured. To that end, our agent at the Spa in Balweere Valley has made arrangements for a motor ambulance to take the patients down to the railhead at Treymanor as soon as they can be released into your custody. However, we cannot do that without authorization by you. And, that authorization, given the nature of the Iron Kingdoms must be delivered by hand, preferably by you, as you would then be on hand to look after your relatives and oversee the arrangements. While we are more than willing to do all we can for you and our clients, there are certain restrictions that legally limit what we can do without your consent.’
‘I see...’ said Di Ai, clearly thinking hard.
‘All the details, as well as rail schedules are in this envelope. Your transportation and those of our clients will be paid for by the company. However, I can’t emphasize enough that time is of the essence,’ Linn said, very earnestly. ‘If you are able, I would strongly advise you to make the last train to Pavanholm leaving from the Hunsaran Ravenhall at 2015 hours – which is to say, within the hour. That train will get you to Pavanholm by 2230, just in time to catch a train that would land you in Treymanor by 0700 hours tomorrow morning. There, we have arranged for a motorcar to be at your disposal, which should allow you to reach Balmanse by 1000 hours. I would strongly advise this schedule if possible. Iron Kingdom medical facilities can fix broken bones and minor ailments, but I believe that, from the account that has reached me, the current state of your relatives may well be beyond their ability. Getting them to a Unity facility is a must. Not a minute can be wasted.’
‘Yes, yes… of course…. But I am not sure I can make that schedule...’ said Di Ai, thinking hard.
‘Would it be possible for Laya to authorize me to travel to this Balmanse and make the necessary arrangements? I’m free and can leave with you.’ I said, half wishing I hadn’t. But I needed to make the offer. Whatever Di Ai was up to, this was likely important, though I was also certain it didn’t involve a real aunt and uncle. Di Ai grew up on a planet on the far side of the Nebula.
‘As long as I have Miss Phen’s permission, I can draw up authorizations for your friend to act in her place,’ she replied. Turning to Di Ai on the screen, she continued, ‘Since it would make a day’s difference by catching this evening’s train, rather than a train tomorrow, I would advise doing so, if your friend is willing. We’ll have people along the way to assist him.’ 
Di Ai bit her lower lip for a moment in indecision, and then shook her head. ‘I fear that I can’t guarantee that I can make the evening train, so if you’re really willing, Rafe, then I see no alternative. I will authorize Rafe d’Mere to act on my behalf until I arrive.’
Linn turned to me.
‘I agree. We can leave immediately.’
‘Excellent,’ exclaimed Linn with evident relief. ‘Then we’ll be off. We will keep you informed.’
‘I’ll follow just as soon as I can, but probably not until tomorrow. Don’t wait for me, make arrangements to move them with all possible speed.’
‘Right,’ I replied, adding, ‘One more thing, someone else showed up. A tall fellow in throw-back clothing. Said he was a friend of yours. What should I do with him?’
‘He did?’ she asked, startled. ‘Oh… never mind. I’ll ping you in a bit. Just let him do… whatever.’
I could see Sire Linn watching me impatiently, so I just said, ‘Right. We’re off’ and cut the connection. Turning to Linn I asked, 'What do I need to take?’
‘Nothing. The agency will provide everything you’ll need. You can take nothing but goods and clothing manufactured in the Iron Kingdoms into the Iron Kingdoms. You can rent clothing and accessories from us. We will make the travel arrangements as well. I will ping ahead to get all that underway. Time is of the essence,’ she exclaimed, turning and heading for the door.
Since Di Ai seemed to know Too Handsome, and time was of the essence, I left him, wherever he had slipped off to, to his own devices. I followed Linn out the door to the waiting rickshaw on the street outside, trying not to think too hard on what I had just volunteered for. Or why.
Linn ordered our driver to take us back to her agency, which was located at the far end of Ravenhall. We quickly left the city for its green suburbs.
Noting large mansions high in the hills at the foot of the cliff, I asked whose they were.
‘They’re mostly the Unity-side estates of the Iron Kingdom nobility,’ Linn said. ‘On this side of The Wall they have all the modern conveniences they lack in their castles and chateaus on their own domains.’
‘The wall?’
‘The fail-safe walls between the dome sections. “The Wall” is what we call the fail-safe walls between the Unity cities and facilities around the iron moon and the Iron Kingdoms proper.’
Ahead of us, and slowly looming larger was Ravenhall’s fail-safe wall that spanned the rift valley, separating Unity Ravenhall from the Hunsara Kingdom’s thousand kilometer long rift valley beyond. The practical purpose of this fail-safe wall, and similar ones to be found further up the rift and branching valleys was to limit the extent of damage, should a section of the tenting dome suffer a catastrophic breach beyond its self-sealing ability. However, on Ironlode, with its substantial gravity and deep valleys, meant these fail-safe walls were farther apart than on the airless moons’ domed settlements where they were usually found, since the deep rift valleys would hold their atmospheres long enough for large sections to be evacuated, or the dome repaired. 
As we bounded along, Linn briefed me on what to expect. ‘You’ll get the usual download of the laws and customs of the Iron Kingdoms at the entry platform, but we’ll also provide our guide, as well as an info-node on how to operate the local version of moon buggies. Their version of moon buggies are quite different than the normal ones since they’re designed to replicate their historic counterparts, not only in looks, but in operation,’ she said, adding with a shake of her head and a rueful smile, ‘Why they inflict so much pain and annoyance on their subjects, and visitors is beyond me. But then, Iron Kingdoms Tours wouldn’t be employing me if people didn’t want to experience those inconveniences for themselves.’
As the great wall loomed far overhead, I received a ping from Di Ai. I told Linn that Laya was pinging with further instructions for me before I answered her ping.
‘Hello Laya. We’re nearing The Wall. Any last instructions?’ I said. Everything Di Ai would say, I, alone, would hear.
‘Right. I already regret sending you on this errand, d’Mere. If I had known that Tarvis was on hand, I wouldn’t have. But it’s too late to change that. So here’s your briefing. Just listen.
‘As I am sure you realize, they’re not my aunt and uncle. I’m not at liberty to say more than that. Both Tarvis Byn, the fellow you met, and myself, are new recruits in a certain agency. As such, our roles are limited to certain subsidiary duties – at this point mostly as covert conduits of information to and from our field team. My operating orders require that I stay here and in contact with our off-world superiors – at least until I get orders otherwise. Tarvis believes that the animal attack was likely not an accident. If that is the case, this mission has landed fins up, as you would say. Given the need to evacuate our team quickly, I went out on a limb, again, and delegated that task to you.
‘Had I known that Tarvis had arrived in Ravenhall, and was available for the task, I would’ve authorized him to look after the evacuation of our team. That, however, would’ve ended his very valuable covert role in the operation, and future ones, but it is a price that I believe our superiors would’ve agreed to pay. However, having accepted your offer to help, I’m reluctantly going to stick with that plan for now. Tarvis will act as your covert backup. He’ll accompany you to Balmanse to aid you as much as he can – ideally – without compromising his covert role. Trust him and follow his suggestions. He’s spent months roaming the Iron Kingdoms, so he is familiar with how things work there. If he feels the need, he will take an active hand in the affair. Let him.
‘Now, listen carefully. If Tarvis is correct, and the animal attack our team suffered was deliberate – and it could well’ve been – it means that our target is aware of our investigation, and has taken the extreme step of trying to eliminate it. Given that, it is likely that they will do the same – in some way – to anyone associated with our team. Once you claim custody of the patients, you’ll be marked as part of the team, putting you in danger, as well. 
‘You’ll have Tarvis as a backup, but please, just get the patients aboard the motor ambulance and out of Balmanse as fast as you can. Don’t linger. If you can get it done in an hour or two, you shouldn’t be running any great risk. But the longer you stay in Balmanse, and the Balweere Valley, the more danger you’re in. Have I made myself clear?’
‘Aye. Trust me. I’m not looking for excitement.’
‘Right. I’m not going to mention that I sent you ahead to collect the team. It’ll be Tarvis in the report. I may well follow you after I make my reports, just as backup. Hopefully you and Tarvis will have conveyed our team back to Ravenhall by the time I reach Balmanse. But if there’s some sort of hitch, I’ll then be on hand to relieve you and deal with that, in a hopefully fully authorized way.
‘So once again, get in and get out. You’ll be in danger from the moment you show up to claim the patients. Trust Tarvis. He’s a remarkable fellow. And… should you arrive to discover that the patients have died, we want their bodies. Do not leave their bodies in Balmanse. We need them back in Ravenhall, as quickly as it can be arranged. Tarvis feels that they were likely poisoned by the wounds they received, and, judging from local folklore, that poison may lead to such a deep comatose state that it can be confused with death. If so, it can no doubt be reversed here in Ravenhall. So bring them back, one way or another. Any questions?’
‘No,’ I replied, though I had a lot of them. But I didn’t care to ask them in the presence of Sire Linn.  Hopefully Tarvis Byn would answer them. From Linn’s account of my travel arrangements, he’d have plenty of time to do so.
‘Right. Then take care, Rafe. I’m very sorry to have gotten you into something like this … again.’
‘Don’t worry. I volunteered, again. In any event, I was planning on visiting the Iron Kingdoms, so this will work out just fine,’ I replied, mostly for the benefit of Linn next to me.



Chapter 05  Hunsara



01
A bustling hub of touristy restaurants and amusement arcades huddled at the foot of The Wall, serving rustically dressed visitors from the Iron Kingdom on the other side of The Wall. The sun was now just peeking over the eastern ridge, so the second day of the Ironlode day was in full bloom. Since importing goods from the modern Unity was banned, the tourists were here for an evening of food, fun, and games, which this little suburb of Ravenhall was happy to provide.
  I was hustled into the tourist agency’s shop. Right off they scanned my body so that before I was completely undressed, I was provided with a selection of Iron Kingdom clothes, since I could wear none of my own. Some were new, but others were used – costumes, as it were – to be rented for the duration of my stay. Since I planned to stay only a day or two, the provided “carpet bag” was pretty empty. I’d been given new underclothes, several new white shirts and two used tweed traveling suits, one heavy for outdoor use, and one for inside, along with a tweed flatcap to wear – all sized perfectly from my body scan, including the rather heavy shoes they provided. I was told that since it was early autumn on Ironlode, the dark hours could be rather cool. I had a long waxed coat in the carpet bag, for travel and the brief showers common just before the two dawns. 
As soon as I was outfitted, Sire Linn, now also dressed as an Iron Kingdomer – in an ankle length skirt, high necked blouse, and short jacket – briskly escorted me out of the agency and to the wide gate at the end of the main street. 
‘Here’s your rail tickets. I’ve booked you to Pavanholm, and then on the night train to Calcastle. You should have only a half an hour in Pavanholm before the night train departs. You take it only as far as Treymanor, arriving there around 0700 tomorrow morning,’ she said, handing me the paper tickets, as we walked. 
‘This is the address of our agent in Treymanor. The office is not far from the train station. It should be easy to find. This is a voucher for the motorcar that you’ll need to pick up from our agent. You’ll have to drive it to Balmanse. The agent will show you how to operate the motor car… You can drive a moon buggy, can’t you?’
‘Yes.’
‘Good. However, the motorcars of the Iron Kingdoms are a bit more complicated to operate. Everything in the Iron Kingdoms is more complicated than it has to be. But you should be able to get the hang of it. And all you have to do is follow the main road through the valleys until you reach the town of Balmanse in the Balweere Valley. If all goes well, you can drop off the motorcar at our resort just outside of Balmanse, the Balweere Valley Spa and ride with the ambulance back to Treymanor.’
‘Right.’
She glanced at me. ‘Don’t be afraid to ask for help. That’s what our agents are there for.’
‘Thanks.’
‘I don’t know how familiar you are with the customs of dissenting societies, but the Iron Kingdoms customs are fairly close to Unity standards, save for the primitiveness of the society. You shouldn’t have much of a problem fitting in – as long as you expect everything to be slower and more annoying than what you’re used to.’
‘I spent half a year in a dissenting throw-back society on Fairwaine, so I have some idea as to what to expect.’
‘Good,’ she said with a brisk nod as we passed through the wide gate onto the Unity platform on the far side of the wall. Because com-links were not allowed in the Iron Kingdoms, we had to walk through a special gate that wirelessly transmitted the required data-dump directly to our memory via the sub-skin elements of the missing com-link. This data-dump included all the laws and customs of the dissenting society that a person was entering, since once the person left the Unity platform they would be subject to those laws and customs, and could be punished by the society rather than the Unity.
We then had to pass through the Hunsara Kingdom’s own border station that scanned and inspected our body and luggage to make certain that we were not bringing anything into Hunsara that was banned – in essence, anything not manufactured in the Iron Kingdoms. The Iron Kingdoms made sure that the Iron Kingdoms remained untainted by the modern world on the other side of the wall. 
By the time we left Hunsara's border station, we had less than ten minutes to catch the train for Pavanholm. Luckily, the station was located close to The Wall. Linn escorted me to the station and hotel – a large ornate stone building, complete with turrets with pointy roofs, and tall roofs broken by ornate dormers. We crossed the wide, and nearly empty, waiting room and out to the platforms under a wrought iron and glass roof and a thin cloud of steam. 
A long train lined the nearest platform, its string of wooden passenger cars bright green with gold trim. At the head of the passenger cars was an ancient appearing traction engine with a set of large connected wheels, leaking clouds of steam. Unlike the Co-op, the Iron Kingdoms took the whole “throw-back” idea very seriously. I must confess to being ignorant of what exact era the Iron Kingdoms tried to mimic, but given how primitive its architecture and machines looked, it had to be a Terran era, not some early version of a Nine Star Nebula colony.
‘Right, here you are. Good luck. I hope everything goes well, and everything turns out right,’ said Linn. ‘Hopefully we’ll see you back tomorrow with the patients.’
‘I hope so too. Thank you for all your assistance, and concern. I am sure that Laya Phen appreciates all you’ve done for her and her relatives.’
We shook hands, and she waited on the platform to make sure I boarded the right, and only, train. 
The passenger cars consisted of a narrow aisle flanked by compartments reached through a sliding door. Inside were two benches facing each other with a net rack overhead to store luggage. I chose a compartment that was empty, and settled in. Several minutes later I heard the whistles of the attendants on the platform, and the answering bellow of a steam whistle from the engine ahead. A lurch, the banging of cars, and the pillars of the station began to creep past my window. 
I hadn’t given any thought to Too Handsome, that is to say Tarvis Byn. However, as the train began to slowly pick up speed, I caught a fleeting glimpse of him, just emerging from the station’s restaurant, a platform away. He had a large wicker basket in hand. And then we were past him. To tell the truth, I was relieved to see that he had missed the train. I didn’t feel that my mission was beyond my ability to deal with it. Indeed, it would be easier just to deal with it on my own.
I was, therefore, astounded when several minutes later he slid open the compartment door and slipped in.
‘Ah, there you are, d’Mere. Picked up some provisions for the trip. Don’t know about you, but with all the hustle and bustle, I didn’t find the time to eat,’ he said – somehow not out of breath – as he sat down on the opposite seat, stretching his long body out to fill half of the compartment. ‘This train doesn’t sport a dinner car. The night train to Calcastle will only have a lounge car – so we can only count on a bedtime snack and a modest breakfast. So I, at least, can do with a real meal now.’
‘I thought you missed the train. I saw you coming out of the restaurant as we were pulling out,’ I said, staring at him. ‘How did you manage to catch it?’
‘Had to sprint, but here I am. And hungry,’ he added, with a grin as he opened the basket. ‘Hope you like bratwurst – the local faux sausage. Got them in a roll with all the fixings – onions, sauerkraut, mustard. Easy to eat in a rail car. Hope six will be enough. But we have some hot potato salad as well, and this nice bottle of white wine to wash it all down,’ he said, as he pulled out food boxes, glasses, and silverware from the basket and set them on the seat beside him. ‘Dig in, while I uncork the wine,’ he added, handing me one of the paper wrapped sausage sandwiches.
‘Thank you,’ I said absently, taking the offered sandwich. ‘I really hadn’t thought about eating...’
‘Perfectly understandable. Laya said that you’d just arrived. If there’s one thing I’ve learned about skulking around the Iron Kingdoms, it’s to eat when you can. And lay in provisions when it looks iffy,’ he added with a no doubt charming smile, that I almost appreciated. 
We had an awkward picnic in the swaying car, with food on our lap or on the seat beside us. The wine glasses couldn’t be trusted in either location, so they had to be held. I had two of the bratwurst sandwiches – Byn finished off the rest – along with the potatoes, a pickle, and some cookies for dessert before the conductor came to punch our tickets. 
Throughout the meal, we carried on an inconsequential conversation about the food, and the food of the Iron Kingdoms in general – when we weren’t eating it. It was good. I begrudgingly had to admit to myself that it was thoughtful of Byn to provide and share it with me.  



02
Only after we had cleared our dinner away, did we both get down to the business of discovering just who our companion was.
‘Money for incidental expenses,’ he said, pulling out a wallet from an inside pocket. He carefully counted out twenty bills and handed them to me. 
‘Thirty ducats. Had to count them out. Need to record my expenditures,’ he said with his careless smile. ‘Red tape.’
As I tucked the intricately engraved notes away, he said, ‘Our Miss Phen says that you’re an old friend of hers,’ watching me with a measuring glance.
‘A good rather than an old friend,’ I admitted.
He raised that eyebrow of his, so I added, ‘We met on Fairwaine, a while back.’
‘That was my impression. Didn’t say so, but seeing how readily she asked you to do this favor for her, I’ve a feeling I’ve run across you in Laya’s reports about her activities on Fairwaine and the good ol’Seven Syndicate.’
I shrugged, noncommittally.
‘Just so. Good to know that I’m dealing with the agent of Department 57, subsection 3, that she reported aiding her in her activities.’
‘I would deny that,’ I replied.
‘Of course you would, _____ _____’ he replied, using my real name. 
I probably started a little, since he smiled. ‘Mysterious agents of obscure agencies inspire inquisitive people to great heights of investigations.’
I put on a smile. ‘That name has come up several times. I’m not sure why. I spent my twelve years in the Patrol as a tech in contraband suppression and fleet maintenance. I know that, ah, Our Miss Phen, as you call her, came up with that name, likely based on a story I told her about my past. But then if I am who you think I am, you shouldn’t believe quite everything I say about myself. I’m certain a query to that agency would disprove any connection to me, one Rafe d’Mere.’ 
It was his turn to smile. ‘That inquiry was made. Your names are on their roster of casual acquisition agents. I suppose we can go down the rabbit hole of deciphering if you used that name as a double-blind, but it doesn’t matter. You, no doubt, have your reasons for obscuring your past. The point is that I’m a lot more comfortable knowing that you’ve been in some tight spots and have carried yourself well. Hope to avoid any excitement on this mission, but trouble can’t be ruled out.’
Clearly I was going to have to be far more discreet about my past than I had been with Di Ai. Byn’s story about my name being on Department 57 subsection 3’s roster was either a lie or based on misinformation, but I let it ride.
‘I guess you know all about me, or think you do,’ I said. ‘So what about you? Laya Phen is, I gather, a new recruit to whatever department or directorate you’re working for. I can think of several; the Patrol is infamous for having more cooks in the kitchen than it needs when it comes to criminal investigations. Admirals need commands. I take it you are also one.’
‘Can’t say, of course,’ he flashed me his cool smile. ‘But in the spirit of comradeship, I will tell you that you and I have a history, of sorts.’
‘We do?’
‘The Seven Syndicate. You helped bring it down. I was employed by it.’
‘You’re telling me that you were part of the Seven Syndicate?  And now you are working with Di…Phen.’
‘Ironic, isn’t it? No hard feelings on my part. Who could have hard feelings about our delightful Miss Phen?’ he replied with a pleasant, superior smile.
I found I was having a hard time liking Tarvis Byn.
‘I assume that you have undergone the usual treatments. Though I’m surprised that you can recall your past. It was my understanding that past criminal memories are erased in the process.’
He shook his head. ‘Haven’t undergone the usual treatments. There are issues that would make the process impossible to complete satisfactorily. Plus, they didn’t want me to forget all my talents and experience. Far too useful in my current role. You can say that I’m self-reformed.’
I gave him a hard, doubting look. Yes, I was having a hard time liking him. Especially since he was working with Di Ai. ‘What makes you so special?’
‘First, I was a thief. A good one. Specialized in expensive trinkets held in very secure places. Places where one needs to spend six months getting into position to lift the piece – and replace it with a replica – so that the victim never realizes their loss,’ he chuckled. ‘Though sometimes you find that someone has either been there before you, or that your mark is a fraud.
‘My skill at identifying and avoiding detection by security systems is considered useful by my present employer. As well as a history of being cool under pressure. Useful enough to offer me a position on the other side of the law.’
‘Out of curiosity, why did you decide to accept it? If you’re as good as you claim to be, and I’ve no doubt you are, I’m sure that you could return to your old trade at will.’
‘I could,’ he said with a nod. ‘But why? I’m doing what I enjoy and there’s a future in this gig. I could also end up an admiral!’ he laughed. ‘Plus, I’ll get to remember my life. In my old profession, I’d be assigned a job, spend six or more months working myself into position to make the heist – those types of jobs are all inside jobs.  But once I turned in my prize, I’d get a pat on the back, and a nice bonus in my bank account, and be passed on to the organization’s doc to have my memory of my mission selectively erased. It was for my protection, should I be caught, as well as that of the organization. So I don’t have a lot of memories of my past. With this job, I get to savor my triumphs, and, perhaps, when I get too slow for the field, I’ll land a nice desk job with a silver star on my shoulder. But you didn’t hear me say that. Don’t want to give too much away.’
I nodded. ‘I suppose that makes sense, though I must confess that I’m surprised that whatever organization that’s involved here would pair the two of you together, given your history – reformed or not.’
He shrugged. ‘I was a thief. Dare I say, not a criminal in the sense of a syndicate foot soldier who’d do anything they were told to do. I’m better off today thanks to Miss Phen. Plus, as I said, who couldn’t help but like our ever cheerful Laya?’ he added with a slightly taunting smile.
‘Now down to the business at hand. It would be better if I handled the job of the transferring of our agents. Not that I don’t trust you, but I’m being paid to run the risks. You’re not. And I believe that there are significant risks involved in taking charge of the patients.
‘The attack was no accident. There are wild animals in the forests of the Iron Kingdoms that are truly wild. More wild than the Unity likely allows. But then, the Iron Kingdoms were founded by drifters, and their disdain for Unity regulations remains to this date. They pretty much do what they want in their private domains. From what I’ve been able to gather over the last several months traveling about, unprovoked attacks by wolves, bears, and boars are very rare. It is very unlikely our agents provoked an attack. Moreover, unlike me, they were supplied with darters, com-links, and other tech to do their job – all of which had to be smuggled in. They should’ve been able to easily deal with any threatening animal, or even a wolf pack.’
‘So what do you suggest attacked them, if not wild animals?’ I asked. ‘It is my understanding that there was no question that they were bitten by some sort of animal.’
Byn hesitated. ‘If Laya hasn’t briefed you on our mission, I probably shouldn’t say much, either. Let’s just say that our targets could potentially weaponize animals. I believe they did, in fact, do just that,  though just what they used is an open question. However, I can tell you what they are saying in the pubs about the attack.’
‘And that is?’
‘The word in the pubs is that our agents were victims of a werewolf attack.’
‘Can I take it that a werewolf is some sort of special wolf?’ I asked.
Byn nodded. ‘A very special type of wolf. A mythical wolf.’
‘Mythical wolves don’t leave teeth marks.’ 
‘True. Still whatever attacked our agents was something extraordinary. So let’s call it a werewolf, mythical or not. From what I can gather from overhearing the talk of the locals, werewolves are part of the mythology of the Iron Kingdoms, though exactly what they are said to be, is rather confusing. All the stories I’ve heard agree that they are some sort of hybrid between humans and wolves, which produces a very large and cunning wolf. The type that could ambush two agents, and inflict multiple wounds on them before being disabled by plasma darts,’ he added, with a knowing look. 
‘Are you suggesting that some sort of hybrid human-wolf could actually exist?’
‘Oh, I doubt that. But as for a very large and powerful wolf... Whose actions could be directed remotely… We’re now well within the range of possibilities.’ 
‘So we’re talking about illegal bio-engineering in the downright primitive Iron Kingdoms?’ 
‘If you can come up with a better explanation, I’d be interested in hearing it. However, back to the local version of werewolves, since it has a bearing on our mission. From my understanding, one becomes a werewolf from the bite of a werewolf. It is also said that a deep coma results from the bite of a werewolf. So you see that the fate of our agents plays into this myth. They have all the symptoms of a werewolf bite. 
‘However, here things get confusing. I’ve heard some stories that after the coma, the victim recovers – but has the ability to sort of morph into a large wolf under certain circumstances. The second version has the victims dying, and only after death do they transform into werewolves, more or less on a permanent basis. The only way to prevent this from happening is to burn the bodies soon after death and scatter the ashes. 
‘People being attacked and dying from what is said to be a werewolf are rare, but not unheard of incidents. And having their bodies burned and ashes scattered is the usual result of those incidents. However, given the two versions of the myth, with the victims dying in one, and recovering in the other, it seems to me that it is possible that the coma produces a suspended animation state that it is mistaken for death. If this is the case, even if we find that they died, we need to get the bodies of our agents to Ravenhall, on the chance that they can be revived – before the natives decide to burn them and scatter their ashes.’
‘Would they really do that?’
‘From the talk in the pub, they might. It’s been done in the past.’
‘And the authorities would allow this?’
Byn shrugged. ‘Again, they might. We’re dealing with a remote valley in the very deliberately primitive Iron Kingdom.’
‘How much time do we have? How long does the coma last before death, or recovery?’
‘Don’t know. Do know that the bite marks are real, and they’re in a deep coma. Made a secret visit to the little hospital before I set out for Ravenhall. Couldn’t come up with a way to convey two unconscious people to Ravenhall or I’d have brought them back with me.’
I considered the situation in silence for a while. ‘Right. So where does the danger for me come in? I just collect the patients and leave. An hour or two, at most. Why the concern?’
‘Clearly the agents’ cover was blown. They may not know how much is known about them, but an elementary precaution would be to make sure that whatever our agents had discovered dies with them. My job was to scout the area and act as a courier, relaying their discoveries to Laya. She would then pass them along to our off-world superiors. Don’t know what happened that day. What triggered the attack. I don’t know what our agents were acting on. They failed to rendezvous with me, as scheduled. In any event, they would be witnesses, so preventing them from recovering would be in the best interest of our targets. Since they’re now known, anyone recovering the two agents will be assumed to be an associate. Having committed themselves to eliminating the Unity agents, they’d have every reason to make sure they don’t slip away before they’re dead. And they’re no doubt watching them closely. Any rescue attempt will be thwarted.’  
‘But they’ve tipped their hand. Future investigations – and there will be more of them – will start where this one ended. No matter what happens to your agents, their cover is blown. They’ll need to clear out, no matter what happens to the agents, much less to me.’
‘No. You don’t know the Iron Kingdoms,’ Byn said, shaking his head. ‘They’re likely safe where they are. Knowing what we know, we can assume that the attack was deliberate. But we’re unlikely to be able to prove it. Nor can we connect it to a target. Even if we get them out, they will likely not have the proof necessary to make the reluctant local authorities act. Indeed, go as high as you want – the Iron Kingdoms won’t cooperate with the Unity Civil Guard without absolute proof of criminal activity. 
‘The prospects for future investigations are dim. The only reason outsiders come to the Balweere Valley is for the hot springs of the Spa. A couple hundred a week, at most. And most Iron Kingdomers, mostly the wealthy and nobility, are people we’d not be able to infiltrate. Any other outsiders would stand out, as no doubt our team did. They could be watched and dealt with.
‘Now, I’ve been tramping around the Iron Kingdoms long enough to be able to pass myself off as one of them. I know how to get around, unobserved. But I’m only a trainee. Would they trust me with the job?’ he shook his head. ‘I doubt it.
 ‘So, it seems that getting enough evidence to force the Iron Kingdoms to allow the Guard to act is unlikely. And that, my dear d'Mere, is why I would strongly advise you to let me handle things once we get to Balmanse. We’ve nothing to lose by outing my involvement with the agents. Given the dangers involved, I should be the one to run them. You’d not be here if Laya knew that I was available.’
‘I’ll think about it,’ I said, with a shrug. ‘But if I can do it myself, your cover is maintained for future work. Plus, with you covertly backing me up, we’d be in an even better position to deal with anything that might come up.’
‘Your call,’ he said with a shrug. ‘I just wanted to make it clear that it is your call. Now, forgive me, I need to close my eyes and get a quick nap. I’ve had a long, busy day,’ he added, with a yawn. And stretching his long legs across the narrow aisle to the bench on my side of the compartment, he settled into the corner of his bench where he fell asleep like an old spaceer.
I still didn’t see how he could’ve caught the train – nor put away the meal he did and still be as trim as he was. And he was still too handsome to be a friend of Di Ai’s. Though I knew I needed to grow up and get over that.



03
I turned over all that Byn had told me – and speculated on what he hadn’t – as the countryside glided past the compartment’s window next to me. My pride or stupidity decided that I’d carry out the mission as planned. An hour or two in Balmanse seemed safe enough. Decision made, I absently took in the Iron Kingdom the train snaked through. The tall cliffs on either side of the rift valley slowly receded in distance and height the further “inland” we went, morphing into steep, forest clad hills. The widening valley became home to farm land, and woods. The fields were smaller than in the Co-op, and the houses were clumped together in little hamlets rather than scattered across the countryside. The evening had brightened to full daylight, but the sun was already low over the western horizon by the time we were approaching Pavanholm, with the eastern hills and sky overhead glowing in the golden light produced by the sunlight hitting the dome at an oblique angle.

Since it was an express train, we didn’t stop at all the little stations that came and went regularly, slowing only as we entered the surprisingly large city of Pavanholm, the capital city of the Kingdom of Hunsara, one of the nine Iron Kingdoms of Ironlode. The city and suburbs sprawled across a wide plain created by the convergence of the three major rift valleys that constituted the kingdom. The valley was wide enough to require a line of towers running down the middle of the valley and city to support the dome. Entering the city, we traveled on a raised railbed above the tree lined streets and the white stucco, grey slate-roofed houses that morphed into grey stone row homes upon leaving its suburb. Entering the heart of the city we plunged into a blue-shadowed, stonewalled trench until we reached Pavanholm’s Grand Station.
Byn yawned and stretched while the train slowly clicked and clacked over the wide maze of cross tracks as it was routed to its platform, one of half a dozen wide platforms under the great arching roof – an intricate web of cast iron and glass panels, glowing gold in the last light of the day. 
‘Go on ahead, I need to drop our picnic basket off at the restaurant,’ he announced, as we followed our fellow passengers out onto the platform. He pointed out the large mechanical board that announced what platform to find the sleeper train to Calcastle. And directed me to the overhead walkway that linked the platforms.
I followed a number of our fellow passengers across several rail lines to platform seven, and the long train waiting to take us to Treymanor. We had less than thirty minutes between trains, so I stood alongside one of the train’s hulking, glossy green passenger cars with one of its conductors close at hand, waiting for Byn’s appearance. 
By 2240 hours, the station was largely deserted. The air was cool, but scented with hot oil and steam. The platform was lit by weak electric lights that mimicked flames, and the last golden rays of the setting sun filtering down through the glass roof and the cloud of steam from the steam engines it held captive.
‘Not many people about,’ I said to the conductor, watching the odd, last minute passengers hurry down the steps to board the train.
‘Last train of the day, he replied, adding, ‘We live by the hurried rhythm of our day. We’re out and about early and late. Now we’ve had a long evening to play, so it’s time for bed.’
‘It must be different to have a night in the middle of the day.’ 
‘Here, in the city, people are out and about during the afternoon darkness, what with streetlights and all. But once you get out of Pavanholm, and the other big cities, people in the countryside, at least those that can, retire to their homes for a nice nap in the afternoon. Otherwise you stay in your workshop until the sun comes around again. No one goes out and about in the dark afternoon once you leave the cities.’
‘Your friend is cutting it close,’ he remarked a minute later, after pulling out and glancing at his large silver timepiece attached to a chain from his vest pocket.
‘He seems to have a habit of that,’ I replied, adding, ‘Ah, but here he comes now,’ as I caught sight of him strolling briskly along the walkway in the iron rafters. 
‘With a minute to spare,’ said the conductor.
We found seats aboard a sparsely occupied car with rows of seats rather than compartments. As the station slowly slipped behind, Byn rose and said, ‘Let’s find the lounge car for a quick nightcap before taking to our bunks. It’s been a long day.’
He led the way down the swaying train to the special lounge car – along with a sizable contingent of like minded passengers to order up a stein of beer or a small glass of something stronger. Or both. Within minutes of midnight, darkness descended over the countryside beyond the train’s windows like a candle that had been snuffed out. Without an atmosphere, there was no real twilight once the sun slipped below the horizon. The sun went down, and night fell like a curtain. The bar closed and we all staggered (because of the movement of the train) back through the cars to our assigned sleeping berth.  
‘Put your ticket under this tab. The conductor will shake you awake half an hour before we reach Treymanor,’ directed Byn, as we stood in the narrow aisle lined by curtained bunks, three high. Some of the travelers had changed into sleeping clothes, but I merely took off my shoes, jacket and hat, tossed my carpet bag into the bunk, and climbed in after it, pulling the curtain closed behind me. Between my life in the Patrol, and as a spaceer, I had mastered the knack of falling asleep anywhere, anytime. It served me in good stead aboard the night train to Calcastle. I slept through the chorus of snoring people until the conductor shook me awake in the faintly lit car. I made my way to the restroom to freshen up, as did Byn after me. Gathering our gear, we walked up to the lounge car for a quick cup of hot caf and a sweet roll, to start our still dark day.
It was, shall we say, just almost dark, when we stepped off the train at Treymanor at 0703 hours – the only passengers for this stop. I shivered in the cool, crisp dark blue fog that swirled around us as the train chugged away into the dark mist and looked around. There was just a hint of gold when looking towards the east to announce that it was day.
‘Ah, the autumn fog! Quite common this time of year. It’ll lift quickly enough. The tour agency office is just ahead. You can almost see the sign from here,’ said Byn, pointing down the stone paved street lined with a few dim streetlights and the rectangles of dimly glowing storefront windows that were quickly swallowed up by the dark mist ‘Get set up with the motorcar. I’ll look in at the bakery down this way to get us something to eat for the journey,’ adding with a grin, ‘I’ve been through here a couple of times now.’ 
I may’ve had a hard time liking Byn. He was too handsome, too suave, too cocky, too friendly, and yet, somehow, not quite what he seemed. He was, however, a solid fellow when it came to the importance of keeping up one’s stamina. Which is to say, food.



Chapter 06  Balweere



01
The travel agency's office was dark and chilly. Its electric faux-fireplace did nothing to warm or cheer it up. Its walls were paneled in dark wood and decorated with age-faded posters describing the sole delight of the Balweere Valley – the Spa, with its hot springs, horse riding, fishing, and an apparently prehistoric sport called golf. It was lit by several dim pendant lights hanging from the high ceiling. The agent behind the large desk wasn’t any more cheerful than the morning, or the office.
‘You’re here for the motorcar, are you?’ he asked, even before I could speak.
‘Aye,’
‘Follow me,’ he muttered, rising. He took me back to an equally dark, but colder garage. Several motor cars were parked in the gloom.
‘Do you know how to drive?’ he asked, giving me a stern look.
‘I can drive a standard moon buggy.’ 
‘Well this machine isn’t as easy. It is much harder to steer.’
‘I think I can manage. I was given instructions.’
‘That ain’t all. It has gears that you need to shift to get it up to speed. You use that lever there to shift the gears, starting with first gear, the one position, and going up to four. And you need to press down that end pedal while you’re shifting gears, and then carefully let it up once you do. If you do it too quickly, you’ll kill the engine, and do nothing good to the gears, either. Think you can handle that?’
‘I’m a spaceship engineer. I think I can master it, with practice,’ I replied with a taunting, cheerful smile. ‘The bigger question is why go to all the bother to build a more complicated and less efficient machine?’
‘Cause we like all the bother,’ he replied. Customer friendliness was not his strong suit.
‘Right, well, let’s see how it works,’ I said. ‘Ah, how does one get in?’
‘You can step on the running board, and just climb in, or come around to the other side with doors, and slip across.’
‘Right.’
 The long, boxy motorcar – a tourer, I was told – had a long forward engine compartment, a four seat, open passenger compartment, with four large, wire-spoked wheels on the four corners, plus one attached to the hull next to the driver’s position. It had doors on the passenger side and a canvas top that could be rolled back and down.
I won’t bore you with a detailed instruction of how to operate an Ironlode motorcar, save that it is a perfect illustration of the deliberate annoyances that Ironloders seem to love. Not only was there the need to manually shift gears, but though the motorcar was driven by an electric engine, it was made to duplicate the performance of a prehistoric internal combustion engine. Which is to say that, instead of using a micro-reactor to power the motor, it had a battery that needed to be charged frequently, just to remain faithful to the limitations of the original machine. Indeed, all of the power sources in the Iron Kingdoms mimicked burning something – oil, gas, coal, or wood, but  given the closed-in environment under the domes, nothing could be burned. All fires or burning had to be simulated with electricity. And they did this with a remarkable degree of accuracy – at least I assume so. Lights were dim, heating was by electric faux-fireplaces, and motorcars that ran out of power, if you didn’t charge them after some vaguely defined number of kilometers. There’s a gauge to tell you when. As I said in the beginning, a world of a thousand petty annoyances.
I gingerly edged the awkward motorcar out of the garage and into the alley behind the shop. With a few false starts, I got it into second gear before I reached the cross street. The fog had thinned to a haze, so I carefully circled the block to find Byn waiting for me on the curb outside of the bakery with a large parcel and two tall canisters with cork tops, filled with, I hoped, hot caf. 
‘To Balmanse, d’Mere!’ he announced grandly, pointing ahead, after climbing into the rather, for him, cramped passenger seat beside me. Adding a ‘Woo!’ when I engaged the gears a bit too abruptly.
‘Want me to pilot it?’ he asked as we began to creep forward, warily approaching the need to shift into second gear.
‘I can fly a space boat and steer a moon buggy, I’ll master this as well by the time we get to Balmanse,’ I said grimly, adding ‘Or die trying,’ silently to myself.
He may’ve said, ‘If we get to Balmanse,’ under his breath. But louder, he cheerfully added, ‘Right. Just follow this street all the way to Balmanse. And once you’ve shifted all those gears and mastered steering, I’ve got some rolls filled with smoked vat-grown ham and horseradish mustard, two jars of caf, and a selection of sweet rolls to see us to Balmanse.’
Say what you want about Byn, he’s solid on food.
I got the motorcar more or less up to speed in its fourth gear – which produced no great speed as it turned out. Probably all for the best, since, while the road was fairly straight and smooth – gravel with some sort of sealant – it had its fair share of little potholes that the motorcar took with ill grace. With hot caf in hand, it needed careful attention. Still, with the cool wind swirling around the front windshield into the canvas topped interior, I was able to manage piloting the motorcar, while enjoying a hasty picnic breakfast. 
We talked of the scenery, and Byn told of his life living in the countryside for the last several months, passing himself off as a rambling drover – someone who herds sheep from farms to market.
‘We’d been slowly working our way around this corner of the Iron Kingdoms, and our prospects were looking promising,’ said Byn. ‘Too promising, as it turned out.
‘Our Miss Phen had identified three kingdoms as the likely origin of the, shall we say, inciting incident. My job was to scout the area, and secretly report to our senior agents and carry their reports back to Miss Phen. Her job was to continue to comb through the port records for more evidence of earlier activity, and analyze any leads we might turn up plus pass all that along to our off-planet masters.’
‘Why is she also holding down a taxi boat pilot’s job?’
‘Her idea. Because we’re investigating a long running operation. She was hoping to hear stories that could be connected to what we’re investigating. Spaceers tell tales. Plus, the job offers her cover now and going forward. We haven’t been given all that much to do, so she had plenty of time on her hands.’
I was tempted to press him as to what it was that they were investigating, but decided that I didn’t really want to know. I’d probably worry more.
The road took us up a rift valley, some seven or eight kilometers wide, including the steep, pine forested hills that lined it. In the early morning sun, the eastern hills were nearly black in the morning shadows. The western hills glowed warmly, and lightened the shadow twilight the valley still lay in. In the valley some of the broadleaf trees were beginning to show their bright autumn colors – gold, red, russet and brown.
A river wound down the center of the valley through a quilt of stone fences – a patchwork of the golden stubble of harvested fields, dirt brown plowed fields, and green pastures dotted with sheep and dairy cattle. Save for some sheds and barns, the natives lived in strings of cottages strung along this and the cross roads every couple of kilometers. Motor traffic was almost non-existent, save for the occasional small lorry and the slow, small farm tractors and wagons that we had to carefully slip past.
In full sunlight, it looked to be a pleasant valley. Peaceful, prosperous, in a modest way. Though definitely much more primitive than the Co-op.
An hour and a half – the sun now high in the sky – brought us to the first fail-safe wall. It ran along the top of a ridge that spanned the valley. There was a fair sized village below the foothills of the wall. Out of an abundance of caution, we stopped at the service garage alongside the road to top up our battery before continuing on.
 On leaving the village, the road wound through dark pines up the high hill to the fail-safe wall. We came to the wall at the top of the ridge and passed through its open gate, into the next section of the valley.
Through the trees, I could see a shimmering lake below. The ridge and fail-safe wall had been used as a dam to create a wide and deep lake – the reservoir of moisture for this section of the valley. The road ran high above these blue waters through the sun speckled pine forest for several kilometers until it leveled out again, once more in the farm country. 
Balmanse proved to be still more than an hour down the road.
‘That hill up ahead is Balmanse.’ said Byn, waking up from a brief nap. ‘If you still intend to collect our people, drop me off before we reach the town – I’ll tell you when. Don’t want to be seen with you. No point blowing my cover.’
‘I’ve given it some thought and I really don’t see any reason not to. I don’t think I’ll be running much of a risk. Better you as backup than me, should things go sideways.’
‘True. I’ll drift into town on my own. If all goes as planned, I’ll pick up the motorcar and follow the ambulance.’
Ten minutes later I dropped Byn off beside a small stand of trees alongside the river, just before the stone bridge. On the far side of the bridge a row of stone cottages set behind stonewalls, and/or hedges lined the road to the town on the hill. In the distance, the town rose in several tiers of buildings a kilometer or so ahead.
It was just before 1100 hours. The second night was now setting in.
‘The doctor’s office is straight up the hill, on the High Street just before you reach the central square. Bring a lunch along, if you can manage it. The Crown has a good selection of sandwiches and some fine ale,’ were his parting words.
Balmanse was the provincial town of this section of the Balweere Valley, and as such, it was a town of some three thousand people. Around the base of the hill was an old stone wall pierced by four gates at the points of the compass. The town rose above the wall in an ascending jumble of red tile or grey slate-roofed buildings, with a large castle at the top of the hill, now silhouetted by the golden glow of the sunset sky.
 The road became a cobblestone street as it passed through the East Gate and climbed the hill past rows of townhouses and shops of two and three stories that circled the hill. All were built of grey, weathered stone with weather-softened ornate decorations. The eastern side of town was already in the deep twilight of the approaching second night, with the usual dim street lights lit already. Shop windows cast faint patches of light across the street. There were only a few people about – dark figures hurrying along in the fading twilight. Near the top of the hill, and just before reaching the castle gate, with the courtyard of the keep forming the town square, I came upon a narrow building with a sign hanging above its door that read “Balmanse Doctor’s Office and Hospital” Like the Unity, things did not change much in the Iron Kingdoms. Motorcars had always been part of the design, so the streets of Balmanse were just wide enough to park the motorcar alongside the curb and still allow another motorcar to pass. I dutifully remembered to pull up its second brake, the “parking” one before climbing out.



02
There were several customers waiting in the dreary front room, when I walked in. I stepped over to the young receptionist at the desk and introduced myself, and my mission.
Her eyes widened a little when I came to my mission.
‘Doctor Der Mene is out making her house calls. I will tell Nurse Valkie you are here, as soon as she is finished with her present patient,’ said the receptionist. ‘Have a seat, it shouldn’t be long.’
I found a spot by the window, and its potted fern on the stand to wait my turn. As promised, it wasn’t long. As Nurse Valkie’s patient came out, the receptionist slipped in, and then quickly returned to beckon me in.
Nurse Valkie was short and stout – a hard, no-nonsense woman of few words.
‘I regret to say that the patients you came to collect are gone,’ she said, giving no impression that she regretted anything.
‘Gone? Do you mean dead?’
‘I mean exactly what I said, gone. They are no longer patients here. I cannot be any more precise.’
‘Where did they go? And how?’
‘I cannot say.’
I don’t know if it was my face, or the fact that I wasn’t an Iron Kingdomer, or simply that Iron Kingdomers are rude and gloomy by nature, but I was two for two in rude and gloomy people that morning. 
‘I think you can be a little more helpful, Nurse. These patients were in your charge. I hold you responsible for their well being. I want to know what has transpired since yesterday, at which time I know that they were here.’
‘As I said, I cannot say. The night nurse, Nurse Krieg, reported that they were present during his round of the ward at 0300 hours, and missing when he looked in again at 0400 hours. He could find no trace of them in the building. Our hospital ward is upstairs. There is a back door that they might have used to leave the building, but he is certain no one left through the front room where he was on duty at the desk all night. More than that, I cannot say.’
‘I was told that they were in a deep coma. Did they come out of that coma sometime yesterday?’
‘Not that we were aware of.’
‘So how could they leave?’
‘That, as I have repeatedly said, is a mystery that we cannot explain.’
‘Could they have been carried off by… people?’ I asked, thinking back to what Byn had said about werewolves, and remedies for them.
‘The back door was locked, so that seems unlikely. And the lift used to transport patients to the upstairs ward makes enough noise to be heard from the front desk. Nurse Krieg says that he did not hear the lift.’
‘Can I talk to this Nurse Krieg?’
‘He is off duty, and if not sleeping, will be shortly.’
‘Can I talk to Doctor Der Mene?’
‘When she returns.’
‘Which will be?
‘She should be back by dark, and will be in the office all afternoon for our in town patients.’
‘Right. I’ll be back then.’
‘If that’s all, I still have some patients to see before dark,’ replied Nurse Valkie, and with her arms spread wide, she swept me briskly out the door.
I found myself on the stone flagstones outside the doctor’s office, in the blue shadows, at a loss for what to do next. Talking to the doctor and the night nurse would be essential – and probably useless. I was pretty sure Nurse Valkie would’ve told me more, if she knew more. Her briskness arose from the fact that they’d lost two patients, without explanation. I could think of several. The best outcome would be that they had come to, and slipped out the back door – and likely returned to their room at the Balweere Valley Spa, where they had been staying, according to Byn. It wasn’t too far out of Balmanse. Checking it out, while awaiting the doctor’s return would be my first order of business, I decided.
I returned to the car in the deep twilight, started it, released the parking brake and got moving forward without mashing the gears. I continued up the hill and into the castle courtyard, to circle its open plaza, in order to head back down the hill. I had hoped to find a native to direct me to the Spa, but a sweep of the headlights of the motorcar revealed that the plaza was deserted. 
However, I found a rather disreputable looking fellow holding up one of the buildings just down the street from the doctor’s office. It was Byn, his clothes slightly rearranged, his attitude and posture adjusted so that he appeared to be a remarkably different character.
‘Sir!’ I called out as I pulled up before him. ‘Can you direct me to the Balweere Valley Spa?’
He reluctantly pushed himself off the wall, and slouched over to the kerbside.
‘They’ve gone missing in the night,’ I said in a low undertone, ‘No explanation. I’m going to talk to the doctor, and hopefully the night nurse. Both are not available now. In the meanwhile I want to check the Spa to see if they returned to their rooms during the night.’
He nodded, and in a loud voice, directed me to the Spa, ‘It’s the first road to your left, after you cross the bridge, sir. Ain’t too far. There’s a sign that you can’t miss. It’s up in the hills a’ways.’ And then in a low voice added, ‘I’ll be at the Crown in the plaza all afternoon and evening. Keep me informed.’
‘Thank you, sir,’ I said, and pulled away as he returned to his task of holding up the building.



03
I recrossed the narrow stone bridge, and turned left, as directed onto a gravel road, a kilometer or so beyond it. The one lane road ran along the foot of a long, pine forested hill, black-green in the twilight of the second night that was fast falling. I found the sign, and I turned up the hill. The deep shadows closed in around the motorcar as I followed the twisting pale driveway up the hill, crossing and recrossing a deep ravine with a misty stream. Towards the end, I slowed to a crawl behind a party of horse riders returning from their ride before the second night settled in. I followed them through the ornamental gate and onto the spacious grounds of the Spa.
Standing at the very top of the hill overlooking its spacious lawns stood the impressive Spa – a long, ornate, stone edifice, of three stories. It featured a high peaked red roof together with the corner turrets, peaked gables and ornate stone work typical of the Iron Kingdom architecture. All the rooms had wrought iron balconies. As I followed the curving drive around to the grand entrance, I noted a number of outbuildings – the stables where the riders left me, to one side, on the other, a glass domed building, which housed the actual hot spring bath, of the spa. In later explorations, I discovered an indoor swimming pool, and a shooting range behind the main building.
I parked the motorcar along the driveway before its ornate wide stone porte-cochere and entered the gilded lobby, dimly lit by ornate chandeliers and floor lamps. Large club chairs, plush sofas and thick rugs were set around an electric fire that raged in a large stone fireplace. At the front desk, I asked to speak to the manager, who grandly consented to speak with me.
I once more briefly explained my mission. ‘I’m here to collect your guests, Augusta Phen and Carsden Clive. Their niece was unable to leave Ravenhall as quickly as the situation warranted, so I’m acting on her behalf. I have just come from the doctor’s office and they tell me that the patients have somehow disappeared during the night. I’m hoping that they recovered from their coma and, for some reason, slipped out unnoticed and returned here, to their rooms.’
The manager turned to the desk clerk. ‘Mr Dee, did the Phen and Clive party return last night?’ he asked.
The desk clerk dutifully paged back to the guest book, and reported that there was no entry to suggest that they had returned in the night.
‘Perhaps we should check their rooms. They slipped out of the hospital, so they may have just slipped back in here, as well.’
The manager nodded gravely, and led me to the ornate, gilded lift that, with matching gravity, carried us to the third floor. We set off to the left along the red and gold patterned carpet to the far end and room 337. He knocked and waited for a reply that did not come. Turning to me he nodded, and pulled out a key from his vest pocket to unlock the door. Pushing it open, he reached inside to turn on the overhead light and stepped in. I followed.
‘Oh my,’ he muttered. ‘Apparently the maids have not reached this room yet.’
The room was in great disarray, with sheets torn off the bed and dresser drawers on the floor, their luggage and clothing scattered about.
‘It would appear that someone, perhaps a thief, has been here before us,’ I said, taking it all in. ‘Was it in this state yesterday?’
‘I cannot say, sir. However, I doubt it. Still, with the guests known to be in the hospital, the maids may not have looked in since we learned of their unfortunate accident.’
‘That would be two days ago?’
‘More like three, sir.’
I considered my next move. I was now certain that they hadn’t just walked away. They’d been taken away, either by their adversaries, or the superstitious villagers. Their prospects looked grim in either case. But something had to be done.
‘What sort of Civil Guards or constabulary do you have here?’ I asked.
‘There is Sheriff Sivart in Balmanse, sir.’
‘Could you please leave my friend’s aunt and uncle’s room as it is?’ I asked, as we returned to the corridor. ‘I’m going to talk to the doctor, and the sheriff. They might want to search the room for clues.’
He nodded. ‘As you wish, sir.’
‘Do you have a room available? I’ll certainly need to stay overnight.’ 
‘I’m certain that we can accommodate you, sir.’
‘Right then, let’s get me signed aboard. I need to consider my next move. This is all very mysterious. Something strange is going on here.’
‘It would appear so, sir.’

I had my lunch on a small table in the large, gilded Spa restaurant along with a hundred other guests, all of whom were, as Byn had said, Iron Kingdomers.  After their first glance in my direction, no one paid me any more attention.
Talking to the doctor, and calling on the sheriff was more to keep up appearances than with any hope that they could, or would aid in discovering what happened to the agents. I already feared the worst.
While days evolve slowly in the rift valleys of Ironlode, night falls abruptly and completely. With no moon to temper the night, and the valley’s fabric dome slightly dimming the bright nebula filaments, the afternoon version of night was very dark when I stepped out into it, after lunch. I could see the shape of my motorcar at the edge of the pool of light from the porte-cochere and the feeble glow from the Spa’s long banks of windows, and the faint blue-black drive, but beyond the drive, the grounds quickly faded to blank blackness under the arching trees.
Some of that blackness stirred as the ravens in the trees briefly took to flight as I turned on the motorcar and found the switch to turn on its headlights. They sent out two shafts of light that seemed to lose interest in doing their job rather quickly. I’d have to drive slowly so as not to outrun them, but that was no problem for either me or the machine.
An almost palpable darkness closed in around me as I left the lights of the Spa behind and started down the forest lined driveway, taking it very slow as the motorcar was not very agile – at least compared to a moon buggy. Of course, darkness was nothing new to me, as a spaceer, but this blackness was different. In space, it was the blackness of nothing, but this blackness seemed far more substantial. It seemed to hide secrets. Secrets that were only reluctantly revealed in the twin spears of the motorcar’s headlights. One of which I would rather it had kept a secret.
It was the second of the sharp curves that the drive takes going down the hill that the sweep of the headlights revealed a very large beast in the underbrush at the edge of the drive. I only caught a momentary glimpse of it as the headlights swept around the curve. Indeed, between the headlights’ feeble beam and briefness of the encounter, I was left with little more than a glimpse of its hulking size, its glowing red eyes and large muzzle that left me with an impression of its ferocity. It was… here the information on the wild animals of the Iron Kingdom downloaded upon entering the Iron Kingdoms provided a partial answer. Its size seemed to match that of a large brown bear, but its ears and the shape of its head seemed to be that of a wolf. But I was certain that it was too large to be a wolf.
Unless I’d just encountered the mythical werewolf. 
I was past it in a second or two, but all of a sudden, the open space between the top edge of the motorcar’s body that my arm was resting on and the canvas roof seemed, shall we say, uncomfortably inadequate. I glanced back, but the little red tail lights couldn’t be counted on to reveal any beast in pursuit – not until you could feel its breath on the back of your neck. 
I pressed the go pedal down and the motor car leaped forward. I had to brake and muscle the motorcar going around the next few curves, and I didn’t breathe easier until I reached the road and could push the motorcar too close to its maximum speed – at the risk of overrunning its headlights. A risk I was willing to run.
A beast that size was unnerving enough – the wild animals of the Unity are mostly decorative – but the fact that it seemed to match the description of the supposed mythical werewolf – the animal that Byn seemed to believe had attacked the agents – was so close to the Spa made the encounter even more unnerving. Was it by chance or design? Chance seemed the most likely explanation, as unlikely as it seemed. Since, if by design, it would mean that at least one of the people I had encountered in the last couple of hours who knew of my mission, was a member of the people that Di Ai and Byn’s organization were investigating. The swiftness of their response suggested that they were playing for keeps. 
I reached the main road and turned to cross the stone bridge. Once along the cottage line road with the lights of Balmanse on its hill ahead, I was able to breathe a little easier. I must say that in light of my encounter with the beast, those walls around the cottages and town seem a prudent precaution. 
I slowed as I passed through the town’s gate and made my way up the hill – the street feebly lit by its string of quaint streetlights and the ruddy glow from the storefront and windows above them.
Nurse Valkie was now manning the reception desk. She admitted that Doctor Der Mene had returned, but was eating her noon meal in her attached residence. However, the doctor must have heard the door’s little bell, and looked in from the door to that residence. She was a young looking woman, with, however, a touch of grey in her brown hair that she wore in a tight bun.
I introduced myself and my mission, and she graciously invited me to share her dessert and have a cup of caf.
‘Thank you, but I just had lunch at the Spa. I'm, however, very concerned about what has become of my friend’s relatives. There seems to be no reasonable explanation,’ I said as she led me through the front hallway of the attached residence and back to its small kitchen.
‘There is none,’ replied Doctor Der Mene, turning back. ‘I wish I could offer you one, but I can’t,’ she added, waving me to a seat at the kitchen table.
 ‘The coma that both patients fell into is also beyond my ability to explain. Their wounds should not have produced that result. Given the inexplicable nature of the coma, I suppose it is possible that they recovered from it just as mysteriously. However, if they had done so, their actions remain inexplicable. Nurse Krieg was at the front desk, and they could’ve called down to him for assistance. He is young, but very reliable. He says that he heard nothing during the hour in question. In addition, if the patients left of their own accord, they left their clothes and effects behind. Hardly likely, as the nights are chilly these days.’
‘If they left of their own accord, which seems unlikely.’
‘No more unlikely than being carried off, for some reason,’ replied the Doctor.
‘I understand that there was some talk in the town, that they may’ve been attacked by what is said to be a werewolf, which I gather is part of the folklore of the Iron Kingdoms.’
‘It is, in small out of the way places like the Balweere Valley. However, I believe it to be just that – folklore.’
I thought about bringing up my recent encounter, but instead, said, ‘Nevertheless, I was told that people believe that victims of werewolves almost inevitably die, and that unless their remains were promptly burned and the ashes scattered, they would regenerate into werewolves themselves. Given this belief, could it have been possible for some of the local inhabitants to have secretly collected your patients in order to ensure that they die and remain dead?’
‘Talk is talk. Action is a whole different matter. They might mutter in their cups, but I doubt very much that they would take any action. And I believe that the usual procedure in these remote areas is to form a mob to demand action. They haven’t done so, or we would've known.’
‘Could Nurse Krieg have been convinced to take the supposed appropriate measures, if he had found that his patients had died during his shift?’
Doctor Der Mene gave me a hard look. ‘Nurse Krieg may’ve grown up here, but he studied medicine in Pavanholm, and I am quite certain that he would countenance no such action.’
‘I meant no slight, Doctor. I’m merely trying to make sense of what has happened.’
She nodded. 
‘Have you reported the missing patients to the sheriff?’
‘I have not. I had hoped that we would get to the bottom of the mystery by the time I returned from my morning house calls. I have a number of patients in the outlying villages, and little enough time to make my calls in light, so I postponed such an inquiry until my return.’
‘Would you mind if I reported it for you? I feel obliged to do all I can for my friend and her relatives.’
‘By all means. Seeing that they haven’t shown up during the morning hours, he should be notified, and perhaps search parties formed to scour the surrounding countryside in the evening light.’
‘Excellent. I will call on him next. His office is located…?’
You’ll find the sheriff’s office in the old keep of the castle, the largest building in the plaza just up the street.’
‘Thank you doctor, I’ll leave you to your dessert,’ I said, bowing out.

I found the castle keep that housed the town hall as directed. The sheriff’s office proved to be another dark paneled room off the stone walled lobby. The sheriff was in, and once again I introduced myself, my mission, and the mystery of the missing patients.
He took out a form, and had me go through what I knew, slowly, once again as he wrote it down.
‘Right sir. Now what would you have me do, sir?’ he asked, settling back in his chair to study me.
‘I would like your cooperation and aid in finding these people, whether they walked or were carried out of the hospital. They need to be found promptly.’
He shrugged. ‘If they walked out on their own accord, it is hardly a police matter. And I’m sure they will show up within a day.’
‘And if they were carried off?’
‘I find that unlikely.’
I repeated my story about the werewolf mutterings that had been reported around the town, and the possibility that they had acted on that talk.
He shook his head. ‘Such things are known to have happened over the centuries – indeed one such incident happened here when I was young. However, sneaking off the infected patient or the body is not how the deed is done. You gather a mob of townspeople to demand that the body be burned and the ashes scattered. A sizable mob, mind you. People need to be convinced and frightened enough to take such a desperate action. That’s how it was done in the last incident of a suspected werewolf victim here in Balmanse. I recall that there was quite a stir for several days while the victim lay dying. And by the time he died, even his next of kin were eager to see his body burnt and his ashes scattered. You don’t want your loved relations to become werewolves. No sir, you don’t.’
‘Werewolves are simply folklore.’
‘Not here, sir. People sometimes see’em in the hills when they’re hunting. Sober folk. Experienced woodsmen who know the woods and the animals in them.’
‘Really?’
‘My father saw what he took to be a wolf the size of a big bear when he was part of a hunting party for wild boars. He swears it looked at him with icy pale blue eyes that seemed, somehow, familiar. It slipped off, before he had even thought to raise his rifle. That night he named him – the person with those blue eyes who had gone missing many years before.’
‘Really?’
He looked up to me and smiled. ‘You can ask my father. He’ll tell you the tale and I guarantee it’ll chill you to your bones. Those kin of your friend were lucky to be found alive. Though maybe not so lucky. Hard to say…
‘But in any event, sneaking into the hospital and carrying off foreigners in the middle of the night is not how it’s done. You’d need to be organized and have the courage to do so. Rather unlikely for people around here. No sir, I can assure you they weren’t carried off by the people of Balmanse.’
By this time, I was pretty sure he was right. I nodded. ‘I take your point. Can you think of anyone else who would do it? I looked into their room at the Spa, and it appeared to have been ransacked, as if a thief was searching for valuables left behind.’
He shook his head. ‘Not from Balmanse. Perhaps the patients returned in some sort of daze of confusion and tore apart the room themselves.’
‘There was no record at the Spa of them returning.’ 
‘Nor leaving the hospital,’ he added, with a smile. ‘I wish I could be more helpful. I’ll put out the word to my deputies to keep an eye and an ear out for the couple. I can assure you that if they are wandering the countryside, I’ll certainly hear reports. Farmers are out in the fields, and they would need to steal food or clothing. I can’t think of anything else we can do for now, sir.’
It was all he was going to do, anyway, so I told him that I’d be staying up at the Spa for the next day or two, and would look in again tomorrow for news.
‘Oh, is there a map of the valley available somewhere?’ I asked, turning back.
‘The reception desk clerk has them,’ he replied, and bid me a good day.

I found the Crown in the dim street lights of the square and ordered a glass of the house beer. I spied Byn in the corner nursing his mug behind the sparse remains of his large lunch. I finished my beer in short order, left, and took cover in a deeply shadowed shop doorway close to the motorcar to wait for him. I didn’t have to wait long for him to follow me out. I made my report, omitting my brief encounter with the red-eyed beast near the spa. I was beginning to doubt my memory of the encounter – it may’ve been just a wolf...
He didn’t reply for a minute or two.
‘They didn’t walk away,’ he said.
‘No, they didn’t.’
‘If the natives did it, they’re not saying. Things like that get around. I doubt they did.’
‘I don’t think so either. The usual procedure according to the sheriff is to gather a mob and demand action. We’re not dealing with an accident.’
Byn grunted in agreement. ‘Did you need to get the sheriff involved?’
‘That’s what anyone would’ve done if they were really her relatives. I don’t see how it can hurt.’
I could see his shadow-form shrug. ‘No matter. Nothing more for you to do here. As soon as it gets light enough, take the motorcar back to Treymanor, and the train back to Ravenhall. Report to our Miss Phen.’
Good, solid advice. But it came from Byn.
‘I believe that’s your role in the operation. Since I’ve made my presence known, I’ll need to stay around for a few days, at least, as the contact person for the search for the missing patients. You can hunker down in the back seat of the motorcar, and I’ll drive back up to the Spa. I’ll leave the keys in, and you can drive it back to Treymanor yourself. I don’t know the train schedule, but you might be able to report to our Miss Phen by tomorrow morning.’
‘Can’t leave you… unsupervised. Phen insisted that I look after you.’
I thought of the beast I’d seen, but decided not to mention it. Instead, I said, ‘I doubt that I’m in much danger. The patients were likely carried off by your target to keep what they learned from reaching Ravenhall, and modern medical facilities that could certainly save them. If your contacts with them have not been noted, they’ll now believe that they’ve eliminated the threat of exposure. So, even if they take me for a member of the team, they’ll believe that I know nothing about the results of their investigation and thus, no immediate threat. Trust me, I’m not planning on going hiking in the woods. I’ll stick close to the Spa or town.’
He shook his head. ‘Can’t leave. I’ll take a look around. Maybe I can discover a lead as to what happened last night… And where they were taken.’
‘I can’t tell you what to do. If you want, I’ll write a letter to Phen when I get back to the Spa to bring her up to date. I doubt that she’ll get permission to come herself. Someone has to remain on the outside.’
Byn spent another minute thinking. He shook his head. ‘There’s nothing she can do in Ravenhall. Anything that can be done, must be done here. No slight intended, d’Mere, but if there’s anything to be done here, I’m the one who’s going to have to do it, not you. I need to stay here and see what I can turn up. Make your report, but tell her to stay put.’
‘Right. I’ll write a report and get it in the mail. I believe that it will go down to Treymanor with the Spa motor coach this evening, along with the departing guests.’
‘Do so, but write it in character. Don’t mention me. It’s possible that it will be read before it reaches Miss Phen. Don’t trust anyone, d’Mere, with the truth.’
If I had actually encountered a very large wolf, I certainly couldn’t trust anyone. And that included Byn. 
‘Sit tight. I’ll see what I can find out,’ he continued. ‘What’s your room number at the Spa, if I need to contact you?’
‘Room 339, just to the right of your team’s room.’
‘Right. Off you go. You may be a low priority, but don’t give them the opportunity to eliminate you as well,’ were his parting words, as he slipped away into the night.
I drove back to the Spa with some trepidation, but I can report that I saw no large beasts with red eyes waiting for me, though on reaching the dimly lit parking lot around the back of the Spa, I didn’t waste any time unrolling and buttoning down the canvas side flaps of the motorcar against the usual brief rain shower just before second dawn and the autumnal fog and hurried inside.



04
I spent the rest of the afternoon restlessly wandering the lush, but rather dark and gloomy Spa, looking in on its large game room with various pool and card tables, all of them being used by the Spa’s stuffy clientele. Its “smoking room” featured quiet old duffers and their mates sitting around reading paper books, magazines and newspapers while sipping drinks. It offered two bar rooms  – a dim, ornate, and somber one with somber people, and a livelier one, with the youngish crowd with pitchers of beer and loud laughter. Finally, I made my way out to the attached domed hot spring baths, to gaze on more old duffers sitting chest deep in steamy, smelly water sipping healthy drinks. The hours of the dark afternoon dragged by. Clearly I was missing something to explain its apparent allure.
As soon as the fog lifted on the bright evening, I took the motorcar out, and with my map on the seat beside me, I set off to explore the surrounding countryside, in the faint hope of finding the missing patients. Though realistically,  just to tell Di Ai that I had tried.
Once off the main valley road, the roads were little more than cart tracks between stone hedges. They needed to be taken very slowly, and even so, I was bounced and jostled. The fields in their stone walls and green hedges were golden and brown, the pastures bright green, and the trees a mix of dull greens, rich browns, bright yellows, and glowing reds. In the light of day, and even in the twilight, the countryside itself had a beauty to it that I’d come to appreciate on Fairwaine. 
However, the human aspect of it was, well… perhaps harsher is the word I’m looking for. Primitive, might be another. The local inhabitants lived in stone cottages clustered together in little hamlets strung along these cart tracks. I could imagine them to be dark, and cool in the summer, cold in the winter. Life here had to be hard, not only compared to the Unity, but to the Agrilea Co-op as well. As I followed the cart trails, I could see the farmers working their land with small tractors slowly pulling small combines and other machines, harvesting their crops. There was no evening rest for them on this world of fleeting daylight.
 However, circling back towards the Spa, I came across a large open pasture with clumps of people standing about. I recognized it as the golf links, from one of the posters I’d seen at the tour agency. I believed it was the Spa’s links. These were a different class of people than the farmers I’d been passing.
I continued on to town to charge up the motorcar, though I had only drained less than half of its charge. The unfamiliar limited range of the motorcar made me uncomfortable.
I arrived back at the Spa just short of 2100 hours. I looked in at the grand restaurant, but everyone was dressed in formal black, so I gave it a miss, and instead, ordered a meal of sausages, potatoes and sauerkraut from the smaller and much more informal cafe alongside the bar where the young people gathered. And since the evening was at its brightest and warmest, I took my meal out onto the terrace at the side of the Spa to eat, joining a few other diners, and a couple of tables of young people gathered around pitchers of beer. 
A flock of big black birds – ravens I assumed – were hunting for food in the lawn that stretched down to the dark forest. They were bold birds. Indeed, one came to perch on the terrace’s balustrade, and after I sat down, it moved to perch on a chair back several tables away. About halfway into my meal, there was a flutter, and looking up, I found that the big black raven was now perched on the back of the chair opposite me, its bright black eyes eyeing me – and my plate. 
I looked around. I was the only diner with a raven dining companion. Strange. I seemed to recall that ravens were birds associated with omens and ill fortune. And in the Balweere Valley, that association seemed all too real. And yet there seemed nothing too ominous about my companion. It just watched me, very politely, with its bright black eyes.
Better a friend than an enemy, I decided, so I put on a smile and said, ‘Hello.’ 
It gave me a low, raw ‘Caw,’ and continued to politely eye me, and my meal.
‘Looking for a handout, are we?’ I asked the raven.
It said nothing. It just continued to watch me as I took a few more bites. I gave up.
‘Here you go, Blackie,’ I said, cutting off a thick slice of the sausage I was eating, and sliding it across the table, added, ‘Care for a sausage? It’s a little oily, but flavorful. Help yourself.’
It looked at the sausage, and then at me.
I nodded, ‘It’s for you, Blackie. Dig in.’
It said ‘Kee,’ in a low, harsh voice, watching me closely, as it had been all along.
‘Kee? Is that raven for sausage? Thanks, no thanks, or is it your name?’ I asked, pointing at each in turn. 
‘Kee,’ it replied, with what might have been a little nod of its head. 
I realized that I had offered it too many options, so I pointed at it again, and said, ‘Not Blackie, but Kee, right?’
‘Kee,’ it said, again with a little nod. 
It was silly, of course, carrying on a conversation with a bird, but I felt that I had more in common with the raven than my fellow guests. And that it would probably be better company.
‘Right, Kee, it is. Help yourself to the sausage.’
Kee looked at me, and then at the sausage, and back at me, several times. It was clearly tempted, but either too proud or polite to accept the offering. At least without wrestling with its pride. But in the end, the sausage won. A bird after my own heart. It hopped down to the table, picked up the slice of sausage and flew off.
A few minutes later, Kee was back, with the soft flutter of black feathers as it landed on the chair back again.
‘Back again for more, Kee?’
It gave me what seemed like a quick nod. I was doubtlessly simply reading what I wanted into its normal movements. But dining with a night black raven seemed, somehow, in keeping with the air of Balweere.
‘Well, I’m afraid that I’ve eaten the last of the sausages. Sorry. Let’s see what else is on the menu. I don’t think the mashed potatoes would work, and the sauerkraut probably wouldn’t either. What do you think of a slice of dark bread? I can put a slab of butter on it...’ I said, looking over my plate, and then across to the raven.
‘Caw.’ it said in its raw voice, but softly.
I tore off a good chunk of the bread, spread some butter – which, unlike the sausage, was the real thing – and offered it to Raven. Once again, it seemed to nod, so I slid it across the table to the Raven, who once more hopped down, took it in its beak, and flew off.
Kee returned once more as I was finishing up my meal with a cream-stuffed pastry.
‘I will say this, Kee, you’re much more polite than the seagulls of Fairwaine. No squawking demands, no sneaking off with food when my back is turned. I appreciate that. So here’s your dessert. Enjoy!’ I added, slicing off a corner of the pastry and once more sliding it across the table to him – I had decided to consider Kee a male, though not being a raven myself, I had no idea if Kee was male or female.
Kee returned once more as I was drinking my caf.
‘Well pal...’
‘Kee.’
‘Sorry, Kee. I fear we’ve polished off dinner. Nothing left but a few crumbs and a memory. So if you’re still hungry, you’ll have to find a new friend.’
Strangely enough, Kee didn’t. Instead it just sat on the back of the chair keeping me silent company. Which, as I said, struck me as rather strange behavior for a raven, unless it was a pet of a guest or employee of the Spa.
At 2230 hours, I called it a day, told Kee that I was off to bed, and wished him goodnight. He gave me a low, raw ‘caw’ and watched me leave.
I asked an attendant I passed on my way up to my room, if the Spa or a guest had a pet raven. He said not that he knew of. Strange.
My room opened to the western front of the spa, so the dying light of the day flooded into my room through the two glass doors that opened to the iron balcony.  I considered pulling the curtains across them, but light was rather precious in the valleys, so I let the ruddy light shine in as I lay in bed. I considered my situation.
Logically, I was no threat to the people behind the attack. But I had a nagging feeling that logic wasn't a guiding principle in the Iron Kingdoms. A certain arrogance seemed to guide their actions. An arrogance not confined to Di Ai and Byn’s enemies. The Iron Kingdomers seemed to be authentically non-Unity Standard people – simpler, harder, truly backwards in their beliefs and attitudes, even compared to the citizens of the Co-op. Perhaps it was the fact that the roots of this dissenting society lay beyond the Unity – in the drifts – beyond the social norms of the Unity. 
Perhaps my mood was affected by the briefness of the hours of full sunlight in the valleys. I’d known entire dark days on Fairwaine, so it was likely the fleetingness of the days that make Ironlode seem so dark. Plus, having lived under the open sky of Fairwaine, I found the domed valleys both familiar and subtly claustrophobic.
In short, I felt that this was a place where killing two people seemed not as unimaginable as it is in the Unity – where even in the wild and half-tamed Alantzia system, few people, other than a pirate prince, felt comfortable taking a life.
I also had to admit that Byn was likely right. Given the likely fate of the agents, there wasn’t any reason for me to stay on. Whatever there was left to be done, Byn could do it. Even so, I decided to stay on one more day and leave on sixthday, merely as a matter of pride. If Byn wanted the motorcar, I’d leave it for his use and go down to Treymanor in the motor coach that the Spa operated to shuttle guests back and forth from the railhead at Treymanor, with trips on the fourth, fifth, and sixthdays. With that decided, I tried to sleep. Still, even with my spaceer sleeping skills, it took a while. It was too dark.



Chapter 07 Balweere Castle



01
I had breakfast in the large, dim dining room. I must confess that I slipped one of the breakfast sausages and a hunk of bread into a napkin and pocketed it on the off chance that the raven Kee might turn up. I then wandered out into the new, cool, but brightening day on the terrace. The morning mist had yet to lift from the little forest valley between the Spa’s hill and the eastern rim hill. The tables and chairs were still damp from the night rain and morning fog. But I wiped a chair dry, and settled in just to see…
I didn’t have to wait long. There was a soft rustle of feathers and my feathered friend – I assumed, though all ravens looked alike to me – landed on the back of the chair before me.
‘Kee,’ he said as softly as his harsh voice would allow.
‘Good morning Kee,’ I replied. ‘Know a soft touch when you see one, do you?’ I added, as I pulled out the napkin and unfolded. ‘Breakfast is on me today.’ I placed the sausage and bread on the table. ‘Bon appetit!’ 
As before, he spent some time studying me, and the sausage, before succumbing to temptation, and hopping down to the table to carry off each offering in turn, either to eat or share. But he then returned to keep me company. Not saying much, but, for some reason, seemed content to keep me company until I got restless – and brave enough – to take a stroll around the grounds as the day grew brighter, while keeping a wary eye on the edge of the forest down the hill. I believe that Kee watched me from the trees – though there were other ravens in the trees and on the ground, so I couldn’t pick Kee out from the flock.
I checked at the desk to see if a message from the sheriff or a letter from Di Ai had arrived. None had, not that I expected either. I could think of nothing constructive to do except to keep myself available, so hung about the Spa to await developments. 
The Spa’s motor coach pulled under the porte-cochere just after 1000 hours bringing the first of the week’s new guests. Di Ai was among them, though I hardly recognized her in her native Iron Kingdom costume, which consisted of an ankle length grey skirt, a white, high collar blouse with a black scarf, a trim grey tweed jacket and a narrow brimmed hat set at a rakish angle. 
‘Why Laya, you look quite dashing!’ I exclaimed as I eagerly hurried through the small crowd around the motor coach. ‘Dangerous, in fact.’
‘d’Mere – what are you still doing here?’ she asked, flashing me an angry look. 
Ah, yes, I’d forgotten that I should be well on my way to Ravenhall with the patients, if not already there. No doubt my letter and Di Ai had crossed paths in the night.
‘What’s gone wrong?’ she hissed as we stepped away from the new guests.
‘They had disappeared by the time we arrived. No explanation. They either came to and left, or far more likely, were carried off by persons unknown during the night before we arrived. Byn is looking into it, and I’ve gone to the sheriff as well – more for appearances than any expectations.’
‘Give me a full report,’ she snapped.
I did.
‘Let’s see what the Spa manager has to say,’ she said, turning and starting briskly for the porte-cochere. 
I had to step lively to keep up with her. This was not the Vaun Di Ai of Fairwaine. With the possible – and indeed, likely – deaths of two of her colleagues, this affair was no longer the exciting test of her wits and courage as it may’ve been on Fairwaine. There were consequences far greater than a possible reprimand on her record for exceeding her orders. And I realized that since they were her colleagues, not mine, their fate weighed far more heavily on her than it had on me.
‘I’m surprised that your superiors gave you permission to come here. I would’ve thought that they’d expect either Byn or me to get the job done, and keep you at your post.’
‘I didn’t ask for permission. I made my report, explained my response, and told them not to expect further reports for several days.’
‘And they accepted that?’
‘I didn’t wait to find out.’
‘Di Ai, was that wise?’ I whispered.
She gave a little shrug. ‘I could hardly be expected to sit on my hands and do nothing with my immediate superiors near death without prompt action.’
I suspect that is exactly what they would’ve expected – especially since Byn could’ve handled the situation. But I didn’t say it out loud. I doubted that she’d want to hear it from me.
The new guests were milling around the front desk, being welcomed by the manager when we arrived. Di Ai waited impatiently for the conclusion of his little welcoming speech, and chit chat with some familiar guests, before deftly cutting through the other guests to reach his side and inquire about any news of her aunt and uncle. He shook his head gravely, and acceding to her request to see their room, had the desk clerk hand her the room key.
‘Let’s see what’s missing from their rooms,’ she said, as I fell in beside her as she hurried for the stairs. ‘A common thief would be looking for jewelry, watches and stuff like that.’
‘But we want what?’
‘Papers and things that a common thief wouldn’t bother with.’
‘I don’t think it was a common thief.’
‘Nor do I, but I’m hoping that whoever it was overlooked the camera – and their notebooks. The camera looks just like ones they use around here, and it takes pictures in the film medium just like the real ones. But it had hidden recording capabilities that would tell us what they’d been doing, perhaps right up to the attack,’ she said as we took the slow lift up to the third floor. 
‘I didn’t see anything that looked like a camera when I looked in, but I didn’t do much more than look in,’ I said. 
The room, dark in the deepening twilight of the first day, was still untouched by the maids, so it was still a mess of open drawers, clothes strewn about, chairs tipped over and out of place. Di Ai went over everything thoroughly, getting on her hands and knees to look under the bed and even climbing on a chair to reach up and inspect the glass shade of the overhead light.
We then stepped out onto the iron balcony. There seemed no place to hide anything, until Di Ai, studying each of the flowers in the pots hung in iron loops at either end of the balcony, suddenly grabbed the plants of one of the pots and pulled them up, bringing the ball of dirt along with them. Reaching into the pot with her other hand, she pulled out a small, oilcloth wrapped packet, and waved it at me, with a triumphant ‘Ah-ha! 
She had just replaced the flowers in the pot when a voice from the doorway behind us said, ‘Miss Laya Phen?’ 
Startled, we spun around to find a tall, impeccably dressed gentleman in a trim, tailored grey tweed suit, stepping out onto the balcony.
‘I am,’ said Di Ai, deftly slipping the packet into the pocket of her jacket.
‘Please accept my apologies for startling you,’ he began, with a little bow and a suave, self-deprecating smile, ‘Allow me to introduce myself –  Dyzar Hunsar, Duke of Balweere under the Hunsara King at your service.’ I understand that you are a relative of the unfortunate tourists,’ he added, with another little bow and a charming smile.
Di Ai nodded, watching him closely. ‘I am.’
Putting a concerned look on his face, he continued, ‘I fear that the pleasure of meeting you has been greatly dimmed by the sad event that has brought us here. I only learned of the unfortunate incident upon my arrival in the valley this morning. I immediately hurried over here to learn what I could of the alarming incident, and to offer everything in my power to make it right, if possible.’
‘I would greatly appreciate that, sir,’ replied Di Ai. ‘I am at a loss to understand what has happened to them. I was told that they suffered some sort of animal attack. And now, my friend tells me that my aunt and uncle have somehow vanished from the hospital without a trace. Does this happen often in the Iron Kingdoms?’ she asked archly.
‘I can assure you that wild animal attacks are very rare. And I am at a complete loss as to how to explain disappearing patients. That is very strange, indeed,’ he added, shaking his head sadly. ‘We must do everything possible to get to the bottom of this incident. Indeed, if you are not too fatigued by your journey, my motorcar is out front. We can take it into Balmanse to interview Doctor Der Mene and Sheriff Sivert to see if we can get to the bottom of this mystery.’
‘I believe that my friend, d’Mere,’ Di Ai nodded to me, ‘has already done so.’
‘Ah, Mr d’Mere, I am happy to make your acquaintance. I trust the good doctor and sheriff were helpful?’
‘Yes, they seemed helpful enough,’ I said. ‘But they could think of no explanation nor of what to do, except to hope that the patients would somehow show up.’
‘Well, perhaps they will remember more, or offer to do more, when they are interviewed by their employer,’ he said with a slight, modest smile. ‘Shall we go?’ 
‘If you’d be so kind, I would appreciate that,’ replied Di Ai.
With her reply the all-too-handsome duke quickly started fluttering around her, ushering her through the room, down the hall, into the lift, out into the now rapidly darkening day, with me trailing behind, all but forgotten. His large motorcar, complete with a uniformed chauffeur, was parked under the porte-cochere. The chauffeur sprang to attention and opened the door of the fully enclosed passenger compartment, large enough to have facing benches. The Duke ushered Di Ai in, allowed me to climb in, and slipped in after we were seated – positioning himself in the backwards facing seat, opposite Di Ai.
As we glided off, he said to Di Ai, ‘I understand that your aunt and uncle are travel writers.’
‘Yes, they are the authors of a number of books, including Travels on a Little World, and Wandering the Valleys of Ifadartha,’ Di Ai replied smoothly. ‘They’ve spent the last several months traveling around the Iron Kingdoms.’
‘I trust they found many things to write about.’
Di Ai shrugged. ‘I couldn’t say what they found. Given the rather primitive technology of the Iron Kingdoms, they didn’t bother keeping me up to date on their travels. The report of their accident from the tourist agency was the first I heard of them since they went beyond The Wall. I believe they did so in Hunartha.’
‘Ah, yes. I fear that we take a great deal of pride in our lack of technology. I’m sure you must find that very strange. But it is deeply rooted in our culture. We are, after all, a dissenting society. And we dissent pretty hard,’ he added, with his self-deprecating smile.
‘That’s certainly been my first impression,’ I said. 
The Duke gave me the briefest of smiles, a little shrug, and turned his full attention back to Di Ai, keeping up a stream of small talk about Hunartha and Hunsara until we entered the town’s gate and climbed the cobblestone street and drifted to a stop in front of the Doctor’s residence and little hospital. Once more he fluttered about Di Ai, seeing her safely out of the motorcar. He left me to make my own way out. 
I must admit that the Duke, like Byn before him, annoyed me with his cool, good looks, great physique, and evident attention to Di Ai. I realized once again that I needed to grow up. As much as I wanted Di Ai to be mine, she wasn’t, and I had to accept that. I really needed to work on that thought.
The Duke’s arrival brought an almost eerily smiling Nurse Valkie to her feet, and Doctor Der Mene out of her examining room in a flash. I watched them closely as the Duke gently interrogated them, first about the patient’s wounds, their treatment, and their subsequent disappearance. As carefully as I watched them, they carefully watched the Duke. They added more details about the wounds and treatment, and how Nurse Krieg had awoken Doctor Der Mene when they could not locate the patients. And how she had sent him into the streets to search for them. But nevertheless nothing substantial differed from the story I had been given. 
‘We should probably talk to Nurse Krieg as well,’ said the Duke. ‘Do you have his address, Doctor?’
Of course she did, and quickly supplied it to the Duke.
‘Before we go, might I have the personal effects of my aunt and uncle?’ asked Di Ai.
‘Of course,’ replied the doctor, with a nod to Nurse Valkie who slipped out to fetch the two brown paper wrapped packages of clothing and personal effects.
Di Ai had to sign a release form, and with that done, we said goodbye to the doctor and Nurse Valkie. 
Emerging from the office, the twilight had deepened to nearly night. The Duke passed the address of Nurse Krieg along to his chauffeur, and once more ushered Di Ai aboard the motorcar. I followed them in, and we glided off again, tires rumbling gently over the narrow cobblestone streets until we reached a modest, walled cottage outside the town’s western gate.
The lady of the house – his mother – was shocked and very flustered to find the Duke of the valley at her front door. She ushered us into her neat front parlor with a flurry of apologies for just about everything in sight, including her mother, sitting in a rocking chair by the electric fireplace, until she raced out of the room to awaken her sleeping son. The aged mother was less in awe of the Duke than her daughter, and bantered with the Duke about the affairs of the valley, until a rather groggy Nurse Krieg was pushed into the parlor by his mother.
I positioned myself to one side so that I could watch both the Duke and Nurse Krieg. Once again the Duke gently interrogated his subject. And once again, I learned nothing of any significance that differed from the story I’d been told by Doctor Der Mene. He had discovered their beds empty during his 0400 hours round. He searched the entire building. The back door was locked. The lift had not been used – he would’ve heard it operate. He summoned Doctor Der Mene from her adjacent quarters, who sent him out to search for the patients. He spent the better part of the following hour, searching the town, without success. 
Di Ai had listened to the interrogation in silence. 
‘Do you have any other questions for Nurse Krieg?’ asked the Duke, turning to her.
‘Only one,’ she replied softly, and turning to the nurse, asked, ‘Do you recall if you came down with a headache on the night your patients disappeared?’
The Duke gave her a quick sidelong glance and the brief shadow of a smile crossed his face. Enough for me to know that he knew the significance of the question.
Nurse Krieg looked to her, and then to the Duke, who gave nothing away. He nodded, slowly. ‘Yes. Quite a severe one, in fact. It made thinking hard.’
‘Before you discovered the patients missing?’
He nodded again. ‘Yes. As I said, it made it hard for me to think clearly as to what to do.’
‘Thank you nurse,’ said Di Ai, and turning to the Duke, said, ‘Perhaps we can see what the sheriff has found out since yesterday.’
‘My thoughts exactly,’ he exclaimed, and turning to the nurse, his mother, and grandmother, graciously thanked them for their hospitality, and apologized for dragging Nurse Krieg out of bed, adding, ‘But it is a matter of some importance,’ with a concerned nod to Di Ai.
We returned to the town where once again, he repeated his performance before the sheriff. Like the others, the sheriff seemed to be searching for any clues in the Duke’s expression to guide his answers, but neither he nor I could see any. 
‘I’ve alerted all the constables with a memo describing the missing patients. I’ve asked them to pass along to me any reports of missing food or clothing. And if they should be found, to take them into custody and bring them directly here. With no results, to date.
 ‘They would have had to travel fast and far to get beyond the reach of my memo. Since I have heard of no missing food, clothing or sightings, despite the farmers still working their fields, and most having dogs that would almost certainly alert them to intruders, I’m at a loss as to how to proceed.’
The Duke nodded gravely, ‘I’m afraid I don’t know either.’ And turning to Di Ai, ‘Do you have any suggestions, knowing your aunt and uncle as you do?’
She shook her head. ‘However can you tell me where and under what circumstances my aunt and uncle were found, and how they were able to reach Balmanse and the hospital?’
The sheriff darted a quick glance at the Duke who blandly nodded.
‘They were found by a farmer making their way down the road, near the hamlet of Springhouse, twenty kilometers north of here. They had managed to staunch the bleeding from their wounds – puncture wounds mostly to their arms, but were growing weary. They offered to pay the farmer to take them to the nearest doctor, which, of course, was Doc Der Mene here in Balmanse. Which he did in his tractor and rig.’
‘Did they say what happened to them?’
‘I gather that they told the farmer that they had been set upon by a large wolf while hiking in the woods. It is not advised to hike in the woods, unless carrying a firearm. Our wild animals are truly wild, and while they rarely attack humans, it is always a wise precaution to go out into the deep woods armed.’
‘There are notices to that effect at the Spa,’ added the Duke. 
Di Ai nodded, ‘Thank you. I am surprised that such experienced travelers would not have taken some precautions, or put themselves in that position.’
‘It is very unfortunate,’ said the Duke, gravely. ‘Can the Sheriff be of any further help?’
‘I can think of nothing more, at the moment. Thank you, Sheriff Sivart, for all your efforts in this matter.’
It was almost completely dark when we emerged from the town hall. The dome to the west, as seen over the old castle keep’s wall glowed a sullen red in the embers of the brief morning. It would soon be snuffed out as once the sun slipped completely below the planet’s horizon. 
‘I say, Miss Phen, would you care to dine with me tonight – if you are not too fatigued by your travels?’ asked the Duke on our way back to the Spa. ‘I could have my driver pick you up, say at 1830 and drive you to my castle. I promise not to keep you late. We can explore further options over dinner and perhaps come up with something else I might be able to do to aid you’
‘That’s kind of you, but hardly necessary,’ she replied, warily.
‘Well, you see, Miss Phen, the entire Balweere valley is my property, and so, anything that happens in it, reflects on my stewardship of it. It is in my best interest for me to do all in my power to solve this perplexing mystery – and find your aunt and uncle alive.’
To my surprise, Di Ai, smiled said, ‘Thank you. We’d be delighted.’
I wasn’t sure “we” had been included in the invitation, but the Duke accepted “we” gracefully.
‘However, in our haste, we’ve not come with formal clothing,’ said Di Ai. ‘You must take us like you find us.’
‘I’d be delighted,’ he replied. All too delighted, for my liking.
We were dropped off under the porte-cochere and Di Ai booked the room on the other side of her aunt and uncle’s. She told the manager that she would collect her aunt and uncle’s belongings, and that he could have the maids straighten up their room.
As we entered their room to collect those belongings, Di Ai exclaimed, ‘It’s gone!’
‘What’s gone?’ I said, looking around the room.
‘The packet I found in the flower pot. I put it in my jacket pocket and now it’s not there,’ she said, searching both jacket pockets, and those in the skirt as well.
‘The Duke,’ I exclaimed. ‘It has to have been him.’
‘Don’t jump to conclusions, d’Mere,’ she replied absently, lost in thought.



02
‘I tell you, it’s the Duke. He had to have seen you pull that packet out of the pot, and subsequently lifted it from your pocket. He struck me as a pretty fast mover,’ I said, as I closed the door to her teammates’ room after a search of the room failed to locate the missing packet. ‘He was fluttering all around you all the time –  plenty of opportunities to pick your pocket.’
She gave me a sour sidelong look. ‘Perhaps he was just kind and considerate.’
‘Why?’
‘Why was he kind and considerate?’ The look sharpened.
‘So that he could lift the packet before you saw what it contained. Even if it makes him a suspect, by doing so.’
‘You’re still jumping to conclusions, d’Mere. He may not have taken it at all. I believe that you just don’t like him.’
‘No, I’m not jumping to conclusions. Only three people knew about the packet. You, me, and the Duke, and I didn’t lift it.’
‘It might’ve fallen out of my pocket at some point. Perhaps when we were in the motorcar.’
‘Unlikely… Even so, he’s not to be trusted. I was watching him while he interrogated the nurse, and I can assure you he knew exactly why you asked the nurse about the headache. He immediately connected that headache to the typical aftereffect of a plasma dart. And seeing that putting a low charge plasma dart into Nurse Krieg is likely the only way the patients could be carried off without him knowing, the fact that he so quickly realized why you were asking that question is, in my opinion, very telling.’
‘The effects of a plasma dart is common knowledge.’
‘In the Unity. But in the Iron Kingdoms? They don’t use darters here. But I’m assuming that your targets would have access to them. Nurse Krieg was almost certainly darted. Five missing minutes and a terrible headache, would explain the mysterious disappearance, except who’s behind it.’
She shrugged, and didn’t argue. I continued, ‘So we have a Duke who knows about the effects of darts, who likely lifted the secret papers of your colleagues, and now wants you to dine with him this evening. That’s a recipe for danger. And you know it.’
She shook her head. ‘First of all it is “us,” not me. I’m sure you’re right about the nurse getting darted. However, the Duke is clearly no country bumpkin, so he’d likely know about the effect of darters, so his reaction proves nothing. As for the missing packet, we can’t rule out the possibility of it falling out of my jacket pocket and into the cushions of the motorcar in the darkness. We have to take this investigation one step at a time, and not jump to conclusions, just because you don’t like someone.’
‘Like Silha Han?’ I shot back.
That brought a quick and familiar smile. But she just shrugged. What else could she do?
‘So, what did those papers likely hold?’
‘I don’t know. They reported regularly to Byn. My best guess would be that they held some sort of hard evidence that’s needed to bring in the Civil Guard. Their camera would’ve held that evidence as well, but it’s missing. The papers may’ve been a backup to the camera, for just this exact occurrence. And now I’ve lost them,’ she said, and added some low curses. ‘Let’s see what we can find in their effects.’ 
We unwrapped the packages to find only blood stained and ripped clothing. Nothing more.
‘Someone’s obviously gone through these effects and removed everything personal but their clothes. We probably should go back and ask the doctor what else they had on them. They certainly didn’t go out hiking with empty pockets,’ I said.
Di Ai stared at the open packages. And then shook her head. ‘No they didn’t. But I doubt that going back to the doctor and asking what is missing would be of any use. What happened to my colleagues is clear enough already. The question is, what do we do next?’
‘The one thing we shouldn’t do is dine with the Duke tonight. He strikes me as a sort of smiling spider – and we’d be walking into his web by accepting his invitation. I gather that he’s lord and master of this valley. I dare say that he could simply make us vanish and no one would raise any fuss at all.’
‘You’re forgetting Byn. He’s our ace in the hole. He has lots of talents.’
‘I bet he has,’ I muttered.
She gave me a sidelong frown and continued, ‘We need to get in contact with him to see what he’s learned.’
‘Right.’ 
‘You don’t like him either, do you?’
‘He told me that he was an un-resocialized Seven Syndicate thief,’ I replied. 
‘That doesn’t mean that he isn’t reformed.’
‘I don’t trust him.’
‘Well, I do,’ she replied defiantly.
I wisely let that line of conversation end, and said, instead, ‘Let’s have lunch.’
‘Right,’ she said, and stood without a snide remark about my eating habit. Clearly this wasn’t the Vaun Di Ai I knew on Fairwaine.
We didn’t have to look far for Tarvis Byn. He had a small table to himself, with a large assortment of dishes before him when we entered the Spa’s dim, food fragrant main restaurant. After spying him, we ignored him, and he us. We found a table at the far end of the room and ordered our lunch.
After our meal arrived, I began to tell Di Ai about my new friend, the raven Kee.
‘Wait,’ she exclaimed, a spoon of the soup of the day suspended halfway to her mouth. ‘You’ve been talking to a raven that follows you about and lands on your table?’
‘Yes. Pretty weird, I know. But this is the Iron Kingdom.’ 
Di Ai put the spoon down and leaned closer, ‘Are you that naive? Normal birds don’t act like that. Didn’t it strike you that something was wrong?’
‘As I said, it struck me as being sort of weird, but I’m guessing that it is, or was, someone’s pet bird at one time. Why it picked me out, I can’t say. Maybe I look like a chump to ravens.’
‘Not only to ravens. Did it ever occur to you that it was spying on you?’
‘Kee spying on me? No. Why should I? And even if he was, he was way too obvious about it.’
‘Really? It seems to be doing its job quite competently. I hope you didn’t tell it anything about why you were here.’
‘It never came up in our conversation. But quit teasing me about Kee. I realize that ravens are, in fantasy stories, sometimes depicted as spies for some evil mage – or just evil omens. But Kee is just a bird. A bird with an appetite for sausages.’
Di Ai sighed, and then said, ‘Perhaps it is my fault. I sent you here without a briefing. I don’t want you to get too deeply involved in the operation. In and out. Still, did it strike you that if the animal attack was deliberate – as we are all but certain it was – that someone had to have some control over the creature involved in the attack? And that technology might extend to ravens as well.’
‘Oh, I have an imagination, and so perhaps I’ve entertained some ideas as to the nature of your investigation. But I didn’t care to go too far down that road. I didn’t care to get any deeper into it than you wanted me too. Besides, someone could’ve simply released a modified beast in the agents’ vicinity, with only primitive controls. So I had no reason to assume that the raven was some sort of remotely controlled spy. And it didn’t matter anyway. I had no intention of doing anything but awaiting the results of the sheriff’s investigation.’
‘Still, you must be aware that illegally modified and augmented animals – and people – exist, and are employed by criminals from all those trashy space adventure fiction stories you’ve read? Or, for that matter, from your brief career in contraband enforcement?’
‘They’re not all trashy. And yes, we did get a briefing on identifying illegally augmented and modified animals. It was, however, not on our radar in the Avalee System. If there is a trade in such creatures, it would likely be focused on producing novelties for the planet’s wealthy individuals with credits to burn, not criminals.’
She sighed. ‘You’ve seen the uses criminals can find for them.’
‘Here in this crazy primitive society, maybe,’ I replied. ‘But that approach is too crude, outside of the Iron Kingdoms.’
‘You’d be surprised what they can do, and the uses that can be found for their products.’
‘I guess I haven’t given it all that much thought,’ I admitted, adding, ‘But why would they set up shop here, anyway?’
‘Where better to do illegal biological engineering than in this crazy primitive society, dominated by a relatively few people who own everything, and for all practical purposes, everyone? With the right connections, and a remote location, they’d run no risk at all.’
‘Almost no risk.’ 
She smiled, ‘Yes, almost no risk.’
‘So the local legends of werewolves, vampires, and the like, might not be just figments of their cultural myths,’ I said.
‘Who can say? But it is easy to imagine that hunters in the woods might catch sight of these modified animals on test runs or training. But my main point in all this is to warn you that it is entirely possible that a micro-com-link could’ve been inserted into the raven that would make it possible to be directed. Plus, it could be equipped with a microphone and a micro-camera and used to keep tabs on you. And direct an attack, if need be. The fact that it picked you, of all the guests, to stick to, so closely, is very suggestive.’
I shrugged. I had to admit that it was a possible – perhaps even a likely – explanation for Kee’s actions. ‘Be that as it may, I have to believe that even birds have a sense of honor. You don’t accept someone’s sausages, and then stab them in the back.’
Di Ai gave me a despairing look. ‘Whatever you do, don’t tell it anything that you wouldn’t want someone with a werewolf at their command to know.’
She had a point. I nodded my agreement.



03
Byn was waiting for us in my room, lounging on my bed after we finished our meal.
‘Hello, Laya,’ he said with a wide smile. ‘Surprised – pleasantly so, mind you – to see you here. Would’ve thought that our masters wouldn’t have given you free rein to bring back the team yourself when I could’ve done it,’ he added, sitting up and swinging his long legs off the bed.
‘I didn’t give them a chance to forbid me not to,’ she replied with a grim smile.  ‘You’re too valuable an asset in this investigation to waste on a job that I, or d’Mere could’ve done. Keeping you as a covert operative will expedite our response. So what have you discovered since your return?’
He shook his head sadly. ‘A whole lot of nothing. They simply vanished off the face of this world, for all anyone knows.’
‘The nurse was darted and they were carried off, no doubt by the target of our investigation. Clearly, the investigation had been compromised,’ said Di Ai. ‘The question is, is there any point in continuing to search for them? Do you have any leads that have not been reported to me, which would give us a clue as to where to find them?’
Byn shook his head. ‘You know as much as I do. Our senior colleagues only passed along what they wanted me to report to their superiors. They did not share speculation, suspicions, or their plans. Apparently they were close enough to our target that our target responded. A last resort. If a darter was used we’re definitely dealing with the target. And that being the case, we’re wasting our time looking for our colleagues. Their bodies may, or may not show up, but you and d’Mere should probably clear out this evening.’
‘I don’t like doing that,’ said Di Ai.
‘The alternative is to locate our target on our own without the benefit of our colleagues’ discoveries. But that falls outside of our brief. We’re mere trainees assigned to team support. A new team to carry on that mission,’ said Byn, with a faint, taunting smile.
‘But even so, you’ll stay here to do just that,’ replied Di Ai, regardless of what I do.’
‘Why not? Assuming that I’ve not been identified, I can do it with a great deal more secrecy than you can. Especially if you clear out.’
Di Ai said nothing, thinking furiously, no doubt. Finally she said, ‘Right. I take your point. However, we’ve been invited for dinner at the Duke’s castle this evening. I think that’s worth staying a day to see what, if anything, that dinner leads to. Tomorrow, Rafe will head back to Ravenhall. There’s no longer any point in having him involved. I’ll play it by ear. I can’t stay out of touch with headquarters for long. But I think I should stay at least another day or two just to see what develops. My presence may cause them to make a mistake – especially with you backing me up.’
Byn nodded. ‘Right. But remember, our senior colleagues had darters. We don’t. Even I don’t relish the thought of facing whatever it was that they faced – armed with darters. Whatever it was would likely end up gnawing on our bones if we ran into it unarmed. We certainly wouldn’t walk away like our colleagues did.’
‘Something to keep in mind,’ said Di Ai, all too evasively for my liking. ‘We’ll have to be careful not to find ourselves open to that possibility.’
‘Right. I’ll check in again after you get back. Take care. The Duke Dyzar is known far and wide in this valley as a, shall we say, very charming gentleman.’
‘Oh, I’ll have d’Mere along. I’m sure he’ll dampen the Duke’s spirits.’
Byn gave me a long look and a slow smile. ‘I see your point, Laya. Do your best, d’Mere, our Miss Phen is far too romantic.’
‘That’s news to me,’ I muttered.

Di Ai retired to her room to take a nap after her long and hurried journey. I drifted down to the game room to shoot a few games of pool with some cagey old Iron Kingdom gentleman. Though a bit rusty, living on a planetside Patrol base for a dozen years stood me in good stead. I came out slightly richer.

1820 hours found us outside sitting on one of the long benches under the porte cochere waiting for the arrival of the Duke’s motorcar. It was still misty and cool after the afternoon’s second night. The dome along the eastern sky behind the Spa may’ve been glowing in the first light of the second day, but the Spa grounds stretching out beyond the customary feeble lights, was undifferentiated blackness. Until a small spot of that blackness detached itself and, with a soft flutter of feathers, landed beside me on the arm of the bench.
‘Caw,’ said Kee in his low, raspy voice.
‘Hello Kee,’ I said, and turning to Di Ai, added, keeping my remarks innocent enough, ‘Ah, here’s my new feathered friend, Kee, the raven I told you about, Laya.’ 
‘That’s not a raven, d’Mere. It’s just a common crow.’
‘A crow? How can you tell? It looks like a raven to me.’
‘A raven is almost twice as large as a crow. No, your feathered friend is just an ol’crow,’ she replied, haughtily. 
‘Caw,’ said Kee, edging along the bench armrest to put me between him and Di Ai.
‘What makes you an expert on crows, Phen?’ I demanded, echoed by Kee’s low rattling sound.
‘I grew up on an actual planet. And we had a country home that I spent a lot of time in, if you recall,’
‘Right, where you used to hunt the wily mushroom.’
‘Where there were plenty of plain old black crows about.’
‘I’m betting none of them kept you company.’
‘Who’d want the company of a panhandling crow? Except, maybe, a lonely ol’spaceer who thought he was getting a raven out of the deal.’
Kee gave his rattle imitation again, and hopped on to the back of the bench and sidled over to my shoulder.
‘I don’t think Kee likes you, Phen.’
‘My heart’s not broken. I think you can do better as well, when it comes to friends d’Mere.’
‘Well, I’ve tried,’ I replied, giving her a sidelong look. ‘But you’re a hardhearted woman, Phen.’
She smiled, and gave a little shrug. ‘I hope you and your new feathered friend are happy.’
‘Kee,’ rasped Kee softly.
‘We are,’ I replied with a nod, and turning to Kee, added, ‘I’m sorry but we’re dining out this evening. However, I lifted a breadstick from the restaurant for you.’ As I dug it out of the inner pocket of my jacket to hand to him.
Di Ai sneered softly, as Kee carefully took the breadstick in its beak.
The twin lights of a motorcar’s headlights flashed across the Spa’s grounds, as the Duke’s motorcar crested the hill and swung around the long circular driveway. We rose as the long black motorcar purred to a stop before us.
‘Here’s our ride, Kee. Don’t wait up, we’ll be home late,’ I said, as the uniformed chauffeur popped out to open the motorcar’s rear door for us.
 There were two small lights set in the frame of the fully enclosed passenger compartment that dimly illuminated it. Di Ai quickly searched the cushions of the seat for the missing packet, and came up empty. No surprise.
The Duke’s motorcar, unlike the tourer I had driven, had glass windows enclosing the passenger compartment, to my relief. During the early part of the drive, we drove through blackness, with even blacker tree trunks flashing by. I don’t know how many red-eyed creatures appeared in the motorcar’s headlights as it drove along, since I didn’t care to look. One was enough for me.
I had unapologetically jumped to the conclusion that we were visiting the target criminal, and was tagging along only because Di Ai couldn’t be talked out of dining with the Duke. She seemed convinced that he’d do nothing but sound us out. I wasn’t. And I admit to feeling rather naked without a darter in my pocket. Not that a darter in my pocket did any good that time I met a pirate prince. I made a mental note to consider the implications of that feeling, and perhaps adjust my lifestyle. In any event, we didn’t say much during the nearly half an hour drive to Balweere Castle. If the Duke was part of the organization that had used darters to carry off the patients, no doubt he could’ve installed microphones and radios in his motorcar as well. 
The mist had lifted and the evening brightened to a blue twilight when we crested the last of the forested hills, and started down to a valley nestled in the black forests. There were paddocks with sheep and other livestock, tan fields of harvested crops, outbuildings scattered about, and in the center of the valley, in a large green and tree shaded park, stood Balweere Castle. It was shaped like a rambling castle, with turrets at the corners, and smaller ones along its upper ramparts, but it had far more and larger windows than the castles of ancient history or modern fantasy, and most of the building was roofed over. We didn’t appreciate the full size of it until we pulled up before its front doors. It was probably half again the size of the Spa.
One of the massive oak and iron doors was pushed open by a footman, and the Duke hurried out to greet us. Di Ai, at any rate. 
‘Good evening! Welcome to Balweere Castle, Miss Phen!’ he exclaimed, with a broad smile while offering a helping hand to Di Ai, which she accepted.
‘Thank you, Duke,’ she said, as she stepped down and out of the motorcar.
‘Let’s make it just Dyzar. It is much less of a mouthful, and gets the job done just as well. I spend most of my time on the other side of The Wall, and I leave the trappings of a duke behind when I cross over.’
‘As you wish, Dyzar,’ replied Di Ai with one of her most charming smiles. ‘Simply Laya or Phen will do for me as well.’
‘Excellent,’ he beamed, and with a brief glance in my direction as I climbed out of the motorcar, added, ‘Good evening, Mr d’Mere.’
‘Even’n, Dyzar,’ I replied, with a patently insincere smile. Which he returned.
At least we understood each other.
He ushered us into a vast entry hall that rose to the rafters, three stories overhead. And though it was lit by two equally tall windows on either side of the doorway, it was still a dim cavern in the early twilight of the evening since the torch-like electric fixtures set in the stonewalls failed to put much of a dent into the gloom.
‘This is impressive,’ said Di Ai craning her neck to look around the great chamber.
‘As it was no doubt meant to be. But hardly welcoming. Though again, it probably wasn’t designed to be. At the far end… Here let me show you,’ he said, leading Di Ai to the inner wall of the room, with two balconies inset into it. 
‘Through this door here,’ he said, opening another iron studded door. ‘Is the throne room of the castle.’
Through the open door we could see another massive room lit by tall windows on three sides, a larger twin of the entry hall.
‘My ancestors may’ve even used it as a throne room. But these days it is the Duchy of Balweere’s courtroom, where I administer the King’s justice when the court is in session.
‘While most of the duchy’s day-to-day administration is done on a local basis, the castle is the capital, so to speak, of the duchy. I employ a modest, four person administrative staff here to look after the affairs that cannot be handled on a local basis.’
‘Such as?’ I asked.
‘Rent, for instance. I own all the land within the Upper and Lower Balweere Valley, under the King of Hunsara. Everyone pays me at least a token rent for the house they live in or the farm they work. A tax, if you will. The rent is quite modest. Businesses pay on the basis of their scale, and in addition, I own some businesses myself, like the Spa for which I lease out the actual operation to a professional operator.’
‘It sounds very lucrative.’ I said.
‘Don’t I wish. No, it’s not. All the rent and leasing income I collect goes back into maintaining the social order and fabric of the valley’s society. And it usually takes more. The doctor, the sheriff, and all the other officials are employed by me. Roads, the sewer and electric grids plus other services are all maintained by me, as the landlord of Balweere. Mind you, I don’t wish to sound like I’m complaining. The fact of the matter is that the Hunsars of Balweere are quite well off, and so maintaining the substance of the valley puts no strain on our finances. 
‘While some of my ancestors, even as recently as my great grandfather, spent all their lives living in this castle, many members of the nobility work on the other side of The Wall these days, managing our various industrial endeavors – mining, refining, and extracting trace elements from our share of the iron moon. I own a trace element refinery that keeps me busy. I get back here, home, I guess you’d call it – such as it is – only on weekends. With a few extended stays. One of which is our upcoming annual family house party in three weeks…
‘But here I am rattling on. You’re not here for a tour of the castle, but for a meal. Let’s retire to the library for a before dinner drink.’
He led us to a tiny-looking side door in the great wall, and then down a long corridor to a large, lush, book walled room, equipped with several uniformed servants, and a well stocked liquor cabinet. And one very large man.
He stood as we entered, glass in hand. He was as wide as he was tall, solid built, but not obese. He had a short grey streaked beard and long grey streaked hair and deep, dark eyes.
‘Allow me to introduce you to my uncle, Count Cassar Hunsar of Siltear,’ said the Duke. ‘Uncle Cassar’s estate is just over the ridge from here. This young lady is Miss Laya Phen, the niece of the two unfortunate people who were attacked by some wild animal, or pack of animals, and her friend, Mr d’Mere.’
‘A pleasure to meet you, sir,’ said Di Ai with a polite smile.
‘A pleasure, sir,’ I chimed in.
‘Delighted,’ he growled. ‘Sadly, of course, under the circumstances. Tell Chivy what’s your poison. I dare say we have barely fifteen minutes before Mrs Oxherd will be ready with the first course,’
‘Right, then I’ll leave you in the care of Uncle Cassar, while I look in on the kitchen,’ said the Duke with another little bow, and left.
Di Ai asked for a glass of the local wine, and I declined a drink.
‘Not a drinker?’ growled the Count.
‘I am, but I believe I’ll save room for the meal. I like to eat better.’
‘Suit yourself, sir.’ he replied, sitting down again in a large chair he made look small.
Perching herself on the arm of another great chair, she said, ‘The Duke mentioned a grand family gathering in a few weeks. Are you here early, or just visiting?’
‘I just popped around to meet you. I must confess that the death of your relatives made me curious to meet you.’
‘I don’t believe that they’re dead. They were alive yesterday,’
‘Sorry. I was jumping ahead in the story. But I shall be blunt. You must brace yourself for the worst. From the symptoms and the strange fact that they have disappeared, I can see no happy outcome, but death. Or worse.’
‘Or worse? How so?’ asked Di Ai.
‘Ah, well, better to pretend I didn’t say that.’
‘I choose not to. What did you mean?’
‘You may’ve heard word of the local suspicions. Or do I mean, superstitions?’
‘We’re talking about werewolves, right?’
He gave his massive shoulders a shrug. ‘Our ancestors came from the drifts, with many strange ideas – as you can see by just looking around you. There are very shy beasts in the hills that you’ll find nowhere else in the Unity.  As for men changing to wolves – even I doubt that. But something like it… Well, no sane man walks into these forests without a shotgun or a rifle, for a reason.’
He smiled, which in a way made him look even more grim. ‘Oh, I’ve been on many a hunt in my day. And I’ve caught glimpses of creatures too big for what they seemed to be. Never had a clear shot, and to tell you the truth, never cared to try for one. I doubted that my bullet would have much effect on it.’
‘You hunt animals with deadly force in the Iron Kingdoms? Isn’t that illegal throughout the Unity?’ I asked.
‘Oh, I’m sure it is. When we hunt – officially – as we soon will, once the clan gathers, we use a modified form of plasma darts, for which we have Unity approval.’
‘How so?’ asked Di Ai, leaning forward. ‘I thought that darters were not allowed in the Iron Kingdom.’
‘Oh, kings and dukes can make and break rules. But in this case it is a matter of a long tradition. We hunt with specially modified projectile guns. They look and work like the weapons they mimic, with all their limitations. They hold only so many projectiles, and depending on the size of the weapon, those projectiles hold various plasma charges.’
‘But I assume that you don’t actually fire the projectiles.’
‘Correct. The projectiles are placed in the weapons, and when “fired” send out a normal plasma dart. The larger the weapon, the higher the charge, and the larger the game it is used on. Put a beast down with a dart, the hunter tags it with his or her tag. At the end of the hunt, the tagged beasts are counted up to determine the master of the season’s hunt. It’s just a game. No beasts are hurt in the process.’
‘Except for a massive headache,’ I said.
He flashed me a grin. ‘Aye.’ And then continued, ‘Of course, the common people don’t use darts when they hunt. They hunt to kill, for food, mostly...’
‘And if we catch them at it, they get fined for poaching,’ said the Duke as he slipped back into the room. ‘All of the wild animals of the valley are my personal property. If my gamekeepers or the local sheriff’s deputies catch someone killing my animals, they end up visiting the courtroom I showed you.’
‘Aye,’ growled the Count, with a wink.
‘Well, bottom’s up. Dinner is about to be served,’ said the Duke, ignoring his uncle’s wink.

The meal went smoothly. The Duke, that is to say, Dyzar, was quite accomplished at keeping the conversation going. He inquired about Di Ai’s job and she obliged by telling him all about the taxi pilot’s life, and her plan to become a spaceship pilot. He drew me out about my life as a spaceer, and as a Patrol tech, growing up on Murlinn.
‘So you also grew up under domes,’ he said.
‘Aye.’
‘It is my dream to make a pilgrimage back to Vania, the drift world that the founders of the Iron Kingdoms came from. It is said to be very much like Ironlode, only more so,’ he laughed. ‘I must see what “more so'' looks like! But I would also like to know what it’s like to live under a sky instead of a dome.’
‘It’s something special,’ I said, recalling my experiences on Fairwaine. ‘After you experience it, it’s hard to forget. I dare say that if you experience a real world, you’ll walk out of your castle here and feel like you just stepped into another, bigger room.’
‘Then perhaps, I shouldn’t experience it...’
‘You’d look at Ironlode in a different light. But then, look at me, I went from the domes of Murlinn, to the tin boxes of spaceships, so I can hardly talk.’

Over dessert and caf in the bright mid-evening sunlight on the castle’s terrace, the Duke politely inquired about our plans.
‘Rafe will be heading back to Ravenhall tomorrow,’ said Di Ai. ‘He only came here to expedite the transfer of the patients. We had only an hour’s notice to catch the train to get here the following day. It would’ve taken me an extra day to arrive in Balmanse.’
‘And your plans, Laya?’
‘Perhaps a day or two longer. Count Cassar has already hinted that I should not expect to find them alive. And I fear he is right. I hope that I can count on you, Dyzar, to get to the bottom of what happened to my aunt and uncle – on your property. 
‘I think that we both know that the patients did not walk out of the hospital on their own,’ continued, Di Ai. ‘They were taken, after Nurse Krieg was shot with a plasma dart, though he did not realize it. The fact that he reported a severe headache prior to finding my aunt and uncle missing is telling. And that is only one of the inexplicable features of the incident. The fact that they were attacked at all by some wild beast is hard to explain, as is the severity of their reaction to the animal bites they experienced. Nothing about this incident seems natural to me. I want answers. Perhaps you can supply some?’
‘I am at a loss to explain what’s going on,’ replied the Duke blandly. 
‘They were hiking in the forest, unarmed, which all visitors are cautioned against doing,’ growled the Count. ‘And attacks by wild animals are a stated risk of entering the Iron Kingdoms, which they agreed to. There isn’t much of a mystery there.’
Di Ai turned to the Count. ‘I’m sorry sir, but there’s much more to this than a random attack by wild animals. That neither explains their symptoms, nor the fact that they were kidnapped. We’re dealing with people here – not animals.’
‘I think that you may be jumping to conclusions...’ said the Duke mildly.
She turned to him, ‘Then give me an explanation that covers all the facts.’
‘We can only guess, but we don’t know for a fact that the nurse was shot with a dart and the patients taken away.’
‘Give me a better explanation. How, and more importantly, why, would they have slipped out of the hospital in the middle of the night? 
The Duke shrugged. ‘It’s a mystery, I’ll grant you that.’
‘My explanation solves that mystery. The true mystery goes far deeper than how they went missing from the hospital.’
‘There is one possibility we haven’t considered. As much as I hate to admit it, there are roving bandit bands in the Iron Kingdoms...’
‘Another known hazard which is stated upon entry, and agreed to,’ growled the Count.
Nevertheless, it is something that, as the Duke and chief magistrate of this valley, I must look into. It is possible that they fell in – and then fell out with – some such criminal band. They may’ve set their dogs on your relatives to drive them away – and then returned to carry them off, to avoid further trouble…, mused the Duke.
‘I think that is closer to the truth, Dyzar, then them just walking out,’ said Di Ai. ‘Your uncle here was telling us that plasma darts are in fact used in the Iron Kingdoms for hunting animals, so that the nurse being darted is far from impossible. Indeed, as I said, it seems likely. I hope that you will pursue that line of inquiry, since I obviously can’t.’
The Duke smiled, and nodded his agreement. ‘You make a convincing case for that possibility. I will certainly have Sheriff Sivart pursue that angle. However, I must say that most of these bandits are mere poachers, and the occasional highwaymen in some of the more, shall we say, ill-governed valleys. I can’t imagine who your relatives fell in with who would go to such lengths… But,’ he continued to forestall Di Ai’s objection, ‘We will certainly look into the possibility of such a gang operating in the valley.’
‘I would appreciate that,’ said Di Ai with a slight smile, adding, ‘And perhaps you might consider bringing in investigative help from beyond The Wall. I am certain that Unity technology could quickly locate any bandit gang operating even in the forested hills. We are likely dealing with a double murder here, after all.’
‘Iron Kingdom and Unity justice are two different creatures,’ muttered the Count. ‘We’re all considered criminals or next to one, by the Unity.’
‘But murder is murder,’ said the Duke, hastily. ‘And if that is what has happened to Miss Phen’s relatives, it’s a capital crime in the Iron Kingdom, as it is in the Unity. And we serve the cause of justice, as best we can.’
‘I trust you will,’ said Di Ai, giving him a challenging look.
As noted, I’d taken no part in this conversation. I’d like to say that I observed it with growing alarm, but that would be an exaggeration. I had viewed dining with the Duke with alarm, and the fact that Di Ai now seemed intent on stirring the pot by tipping the Duke off that we were not naive about what happened, was, well, something I’d come to expect in the company of Vaun Di Ai. All I could hope for was that the Duke would keep his wits about him, and realize that he needed to do nothing. Di Ai could entertain all the suspicions she cared to, but could do nothing much about them. Or, perhaps, I should restate that to say that I hoped he would believe that she couldn’t do anything about them. However, knowing Di Ai as well as I did, I had no doubt that she could, and might well do, something about her suspicions. And well, I’d like to get back to the Spa alive…

Neither the Duke, nor Di Ai seemed in a hurry for the evening to end. We were given “the grand tour” of the great castle and its grounds, and then enjoyed a nightcap back in the library before we bid goodbye to Dyzar --  his uncle had called it a day earlier --  in the deepening twilight of the fading day, sometime after 2230 hours.
It had grown dark – almost full night with only the western arch of the dome overhead faintly glowing in the light of the setting sun – once we left the valley and began the long drive through the black forest of the Balweere rift valley.
Once again, we had little to say in the motorcar, mostly out of caution, at least on my part. Di Ai seemed lost in thought.
As I stared out the window next to me, watching the forest glide by, I began to notice dark forms moving with us in the forest. They drifted closer.  Moments later, they were running alongside the motorcar at the edge of the road – a pack of large greyish/brown/white canines that had to be wolves. Regular wolves, the size of a large dog. They loped alongside the motorcar, easily pacing it with mouths open showing off their teeth. They watched the car with their dark eyes. 
I nudged Di Ai and pointed them out to her. She raised an eyebrow, but said nothing.
A moment later, something large took form from the black shadows of the forest as we passed and joined the pack of wolves pacing the motor car. It was shaped like a wolf, but it looked to be at least twice the size of the other wolves. They gave the great wolf plenty of space as it joined the pack alongside the motorcar. If the other wolves were like large dogs, this creature was like a lean, sharp-featured large bear. Its fur, standing almost upright on its back, was a mix of black, brown and light grey. Its head was massive, and with its jaws open, its fangs seemed to be the length of one of my fingers. It ran with easy grace, easily catching and pacing the motorcar. 
It edged closer, and turned its massive head to look in at us. The glass window between us seemed very inadequate – and if we had been in the tourer, with no side windows... An alarming thought.
As its dark eyes spied us, and caught our attention, it seemed to grin, pulling back its black lips to show us its long fangs and teeth. It paced us for a few moments more, and then dropped back. Turning back to the rear window, I saw it in the middle of the narrow road behind us, surrounded by the rest of the pack. And just before we rounded a curve to put it out of sight, It rose on its hind legs, like a man.
I cursed softly, and turned back to Di Ai.
‘We’ve been warned,’ was all she said, quietly. And smiled, a little.

I mentioned the wolf pack to the chauffeur when we arrived back at the Spa.
‘Yes, sir. They view that section of the forest as theirs, and make a habit of chasing any motorcar that travels that stretch of the road. There is nothing to be alarmed about. One is quite safe – in a motorcar.’

‘I’m quite tired, d’Mere. We can talk tomorrow over breakfast, before you leave,’ said Di Ai as we waited for the lift. Which was her way of saying that she didn’t want to hear my objections to whatever she was planning to do.
I had many. But I also knew they’d be useless. So I left them unsaid, and bid her goodnight at my room’s door.



Chapter 08  The Road to Treymanor



01
I wasn’t quite asleep. The glass door that opened to the balcony creaked behind the curtain. I opened my eyes. The room was pitch black. The double doors to the balcony were slightly less black from what little light reached them from the glowing nebula in the night sky.
Had I left them ajar?
I hadn’t gone out to the balcony, so that seemed unlikely.
The curtains stirred.
Was that a faint shadow that moved behind them?
I sat up with a start. The bed creaked.
The curtains bellowed out. A black blur flew towards me. The bed lurched as it struck and condensed into something very solid – shoving me back down and pinning me to the mattress, my mouth covered to prevent any outcry. I reached up to tear myself free.
‘Soosh! It’s me,’ it said, as a slightly silhouetted face leaned close to mine. ‘Tarvis.’ 
I had to take it as given, as in the darkness, I couldn’t be certain. I stopped resisting, and he took his hand from my mouth.
‘Sorry, d’Mere. I’d much rather be making this call on our Miss Phen, but sadly, I neglected to ask her the number of her room,’ he said, with an unseen leer.
‘What are you doing here?’ I asked, reaching for the lamp next to the bed.
He grabbed my arm to prevent that. ‘No lights. I’m here to hear a report on what happened at the Duke’s. Is there anything I should know?’
‘You’d better keep a close eye on our Miss Phen,’ I replied, ‘I think that she’s counting on that. She must be...’ I added, and outlined the events of the evening, culminating with the great wolf pacing the motorcar. ‘That was clearly a warning. It looked right at us, and seemed to grin.’
Byn chuckled. ‘The headache is pretty conclusive evidence. Darting the nurse would explain how the disappearance happened. And probably by whom. Access to plasma darts is confined to the kingdom’s elites. Bandits use bullets like the common folk. And I haven’t heard a whisper of bandits in the Balweere Valley. So everything points to one or both of your dinner hosts being involved in this affair.’
‘I’d say that giant wolf was also proof enough of their involvement. Its appearance was too convenient to be otherwise.’
He laughed, grimly. ‘Certainly to anyone who knew what our colleagues were investigating. Though it comes as no great surprise, considering where our colleagues were found. Springhouse sits at the juncture of Count Siltear’s private valley and the Balweere Castle’s estate at the head of its valley. That alone would suggest that they were investigating one or both of those estates when they were attacked. The use of a plasma dart just ties them closer to our target profile.
‘I wonder what else our Miss Phen learned this evening. She had to know that she was likely entering the wolf’s den by accepting the dinner invitation. She could read the map as well as I.’ 
‘You’ll have to ask her, because she wasn’t telling me.’
‘The less you know, the safer you are. Though you’re probably in too deep already. It’s good that you’re leaving in the morning. My advice is to get off planet as soon as you can. My impression is that these people are pretty confident that there’s not much the Unity can do about their activities…. So you never know what they’ll dare.’
‘Well, Byn. This time I’m planning on taking your advice, if I can count on you to look after our Miss Phen. I’m pretty sure she’d resent it, but she strikes me as being far too bold to live long enough to wear an admiral’s star on her shoulder without good, reliable colleagues around her.’
‘You needn’t worry, d’Mere. I like our Miss Phen. More to the point, I admire her boldness. I think we’ll make an excellent team going forward. Besides, she saved me from a life of crime,’ he added, with a laugh. 
I wish I could’ve read his expression, but he was just a slightly more substantial shadow in the blackness of the room.
‘Right,’ he said, standing and heading back to the balcony. ‘Tell Miss Phen that I’ll be lunching at the Spa again tomorrow. I’ll want to know what she has planned for us.’
‘Why don’t you use the door?’
‘Oh, it’s more fun this way. And with all the iron-work and ornamentation, climbing up the balconies is child’s play. Goodnight d’Mere. Sleep tight.’
And he was gone.
I got up to latch the balcony doors, and probably fell asleep an hour later. All my Patrol and spaceer training hadn’t prepared me for sleeping in the Iron Kingdoms.



02
I knocked on Di Ai’s door shortly before 0800. 
She opened it promptly and said, ‘It’s about time. You’ve a long drive ahead of you, and only a couple hours of daylight to do it. Let’s go down. We can talk over breakfast. You must be starving,’ she added, with just a spark of her old self.
I told her about Byn’s visit as we went down and found a table in the restaurant.
‘I think he’s right. Unless they’re entirely innocent, which I doubt, they certainly don’t seem concerned. Between lifting that packet out of my pocket and the appearance of that wolf-creature, the Duke has all but tipped his hand. And I have to believe that Count Siltear is involved as well. But given their status on this side of The Wall, they must feel that there’s not much we can do about them, even if we know it’s them.’
‘Is that true?’
She shrugged. ‘Maybe. As usual, we’d need hard evidence, and I don’t have the tools to collect that hard evidence. We’ll no doubt send another team in to collect the needed evidence. But if they’re on their guard going forward, it’ll be hard to get enough to act on.’
‘Then why don’t you head home with me? Why hang around, if there’s nothing you can do?’
‘Oh, I’ll head back tomorrow or the day after. I don’t like being shown the door. Besides, I stirred up the pot last night just to see how they’ll handle the fact that we’re on to them. I’m curious to see what they do.’
‘That’s a very dangerous game...’ I paused as the Spa manager appeared alongside our table.
‘Good morning, Miss Phen, Mr d’Mere,’ he said, grandly. ‘I have an item that the maids who were straightening up your aunt and uncle’s room found on the floor. I believe it belongs to them.’ He produced the oilcloth wrapped packet Di Ai had found in the flower pot and handed it to her.
She took it, glanced to me, and began to unwrap it. It proved to be a small notebook. Opening it, she said, ‘Yes it is. Here’s their names.’ And quickly paging through it, added, ‘It looks to be a record of their travels, with some brief shorthand notes and numbered lists. Thank you.’
‘My pleasure,’ he replied, and with a little bow, grandly marched off.
‘Is that what it is?’ I asked.
She handed it to me. It was a sparse document. Its pages listed the rift valleys that they visited. Most of the entries started with a list of “highlights to see” followed by a numbered entry for each of the highlighted sights they visited each day with some sort of private shorthand notation.
‘Is it in a code?’ I asked, handing the little book back to her.
She shrugged. ‘I’ll have to examine it a lot more closely. The more immediate question is, did I actually drop it in their room on our way out?’
I shook my head. ‘We searched the whole room and under the bed. It wasn’t there yesterday.’
‘Still, we can’t prove that. The Duke must have decided that it wasn’t important enough to keep and returned it last night – somehow.’
‘Byn,’ I said. ‘He was climbing balconies last night. He could’ve easily visited that room before or after visiting me.’
‘He’s on our side, d’Mere.’
‘Can you be sure?’
‘What is it about tall, athletic, personable, and very handsome men that you don’t like, d’Mere?’ she asked, archly.
‘That. Plus, he’s an unreformed criminal who had the ability and opportunity to do it.’
She gave me an exasperated look.
‘Listen, Vaun.’ I began, earnestly. ‘This mission has clearly landed fins up – with likely fatal results. I assume that your colleagues were seasoned professionals, so that this would not be the expected result. Is the Duke, or Count Siltear, really clever enough to have accomplished this on their own? According to the Duke, he wasn’t even here when the attack happened. He was on the other side of The Wall managing his company. Do you really think they could pick out two experienced agents from the other tourists who come to this valley? And yet, they – or someone, in their employ – did,’ I said, leaning close. ‘And that someone could well be Byn.’
She shook her head. ‘No. Our people were likely the only outsiders staying at the Spa. They must have made a mistake. As for Tarvis,  I think that I’m a pretty good judge of character. And I think Tarvis Byn can be trusted. Trusted with my life. Now eat up. You need to be on your way.’
I gave her a long, measuring look. And sighed. ‘Right.’
I realized that while this was what Vaun Di Ai wanted to do with her life, it wasn’t what I wanted to do with mine. And I’d be a fool to keep chasing after her. It was just that simple. I had no business being here anymore. And if she, and her employer, were right, and Byn could be trusted, well, he’d likely do a much better job of looking after Di Ai than I could. I finished off the pancakes and pocketed two of the small sausages for Kee.



03
Kee was waiting for me on the terrace, and appreciated the sausages in his quiet way and flew off. Di Ai kept our parting simple – playing it straight under the assumption that Kee was some sort of spy. I undid the canvas side shields of the motorcar and tossed my bag into the passenger seat. I gave her a goodbye kiss on the cheek before climbing in, and waved to her as I pulled out of the motorcar lot. She waved back, and then was out of sight.
The morning mist had lifted, the air crisp, the eastern sky was bright, and the western hills were sunlit – their dark green forests burnished in gold light. I stopped in Balmanse to top up the motorcar’s battery and then followed the road south. There was only one major road running the length of the valley, and for the most part I had it to myself, as traffic was very light. Most of it was, as before, small lorries and farm wagons drawn by the small tractors.
An hour down the road, it left the farm fields behind to rise into the dark forest as it approached the fail-safe wall and lake at its foot. Twisting up through the steep hills and the dense forest, it ran at times high above the lake waters with a steep bank to one side, and a nearly sheer drop to the lake on the other. It was in just such a place – as the narrow road curved out and around an outcropping of rocks that I came upon the werewolf.
Whether it was the one who had paced us the night before or not, I could not be sure. It looked like the same one – though I only had a moment to take it in. All I can say was that it seemed massive, dark, and was snarling fiercely, eagerly showing me its fangs.
I wasn’t driving fast – the motorcar didn’t go all that fast to begin with – and the winding road demanded care and attention, since it didn’t steer all that nimbly. If the bear-sized wolf – that I’m going to call a werewolf – had been in the road as I rounded the previous curve, I would’ve been able to either stop in time, or edge past it – not that I wanted to do that, considering how open the sides of the motorcar were. However, it was waiting for me in the underbrush above the road. 
Cunningly, it chose its position and timing to spring down onto the road only when I was within a dozen meters of it, hoping to force me to act instinctively – to swerve to avoid hitting it.
However, I realized that an abrupt swerve would take me to the lake side edge of the narrow road, and likely over its edge. And given that it curved back to the left just beyond the werewolf, it seemed unlikely that I’d be able to steer the motorcar safely back onto the road before its momentum carried it over the steep bank and down rocky slope to the deep lake. 
I decided to just hit the werewolf instead. 
And I didn’t hit the brake pedal, either. I stomped on the go pedal. I wanted that werewolf dead when the dust settled and the motorcar was my only weapon.
The werewolf seemed to realize this – in the last second before impact. In that split second, its malignant arrogance turned to fear. It reared to leap back up the steep slope. Too late.
There was a loud ‘thump!’ as the motorcar’s left fender caught the hind quarter of the frantically leaping werewolf, flipping it into the air. It hit the top of the windshield on the left, passenger side, shattered it into a million cracks, and rolled across the canvas top. There was, at the same time, a loud rending noise as the damaged fender tore into the left front wheel, jamming it and causing the motorcar to veer up the steep hillside embankment and came to an all too abrupt stop. At which point, I was likely thrown against the upper frame of the windshield myself, and lost interest in the proceedings.
This account likely picks up a minute or so later, with a rhythmic thumping on the left side of my head. I tried to open my eyes. I had to wipe warm liquid out of them to do so. Blood. My own. The rhythmic thumping stopped, and painfully moving my head, I found that Kee was on my shoulder.
‘Caw-caw!’ he said excitedly, in his harsh voice.
I realized that he’d been excitedly tapping on the side of my head, as I hung half out of the motor.
‘Sorry, Kee, I’m not dead yet,’ I muttered, as I slowly pulled myself into a more comfortable position. 
Kee hopped over to the top of the steering wheel and continued to express his alarm, and, I felt, concern. I felt the hard bump on my forehead, and what appeared to be a deep cut in it that was seeping blood at a somewhat alarming rate. Holding one hand tight against it, I used the other to reach down to the floor and haul up my carpet bag. Opening it one handed, I drew out an undershirt and used it to wipe my face. It was very red. I balled it up and pressed it against my forehead, while I considered my next move. 
I suddenly remembered the werewolf, and looked around. I didn’t see it. I slowly climbed out of the motorcar – now halfway up the steep bank, and rather shakily, around the car. I still didn’t see it. I then walked over to the lake edge of the road and looked down. I didn’t see it anywhere on the steep slope either, so unless it tumbled into the lake, I didn’t kill it. Hopefully it had, nevertheless, called it a day.
I went back to the motorcar, and leaning against it, considered my plight. My first move needed to be getting some sort of bandage around my head, so I’d have the use of my two arms. I undid the balled up undershirt, wiped off my face with it again, and examined the wound in the rear view mirror. It wasn’t much more than a finger joint long. I wasn’t going to die. I carefully rolled up the bloodstained shirt and managed to tie it tightly around my head. I found my cap and gingerly put it back on before climbing up the slope and inspecting the damage to the motorcar. 
It wasn’t going anywhere on its own. The left fender had been smashed down into the tire under it, and tore it open. The ornate right headlight had been twisted and its lens shattered. The other tire was also deflated and the windshield was foggy with a million micro-cracks. 
Kee, now on the motorcar’s hood was still agitated, cawing and seemingly tearing at something on its back.
‘What are you doing, Kee?’ I asked him as I clambered back down to the road.
He stopped what he was doing to look at me. He hopped over to the top of the spare wheel next to the driver, and said, ‘Kee.’
From this angle, I could see that he’d managed to dig a thin wire out of his feathers from his back, and was trying to dislodge it. At first I thought it was a long pine needle that somehow had gotten lodged in him. But as I picked it up – Kee was very still now – I found, pushing through his soft feathers, that it was attached to Kee by a micro-module on a wire that was implanted into Kee, just below his neck. 
Di Ai was right – Kee was some sort of augmented animal, likely designed as a spy. But now it seemed that Kee wanted out of the arrangement.
I didn’t really want to try to pull it out, since I had no idea how it was attached to what internally. But if I could sever the wire – no doubt an antenna, that probably would be all that was needed.
‘Hold on for a moment Kee.’ but said no more, fearing that anything I said would likely be transmitted. I searched the ground for a shard of the headlight glass, and finding one, returned to Kee, who was watching me.
‘Now hold still,’ I said softly, as I raised the wire and using the sharp shard of glass, I pushed through his feathers to saw through the wire between Kee and the micro-module.
‘There!’ I exclaimed, holding up the antenna wire, ‘You’re free, my friend.’
‘Caw?’ said Kee. And then ‘Caw-caw-caw!’ as he realized that whatever level of control the person at the other end of the com-link had was now gone. He flew up and circled around in the now bright clear morning air, ‘caw-ing’ for some time, celebrating his liberation. And then with a little thump, he landed on my shoulder and said, softly, ’Kee.’
‘You’re welcome, Kee. And I have to say, I wish I had your wings, because it’s going to be a long walk home.’
But what “home” should I push on towards? Treymanor, or back to Balmanse?
I sat down on the motorcar’s running board and considered my options. I’d have a long walk in either direction – I’d likely have to rely on the kindness of a lorry driver to get me to either place before dark. If I could make Treymanor I’d likely be home free, but I’d have no way of warning Di Ai that her targets had no intention of letting anyone leave the Balweere rift valley alive, short of writing her a letter from Treymanor. Would it get there in time? Returning would warn her, and perhaps, by being very cautious, and taking the Spa motor coach down to Treymanor it might get us out of the valley… My head was beginning to pound now – without Kee’s help – so I let the decision be made for me… as one of the small lorries I had occasionally come across lumbered around the bend ahead and squealed to a stop. It was heading up the valley for Balmanse.
The driver leaned out of his window, looked at the car, at me, with my bloody bandage and a crow on my shoulder, shook his head, and said, ‘Can I give you a lift? I have to hear your story, pal.’
‘Thanks, mate. I think I need one.’
Kee declined to ride in the lorry, and left me as I climbed in.
I told it to him – werewolf included – as we drove on to Balmanse, though I kept the ‘were’ out of the wolf.
‘Was it really as large as a bear? I’ve heard the stories, but I’ve never seen one that big.’ 
‘I’m no expert on wolves, but I saw a pack of them running alongside the motorcar last evening returning to the Spa from the Balweere Castle, and there was one that was twice the size of the rest of them. I’m sure the one I hit was just as large, if not the same one. Trust me, I’m not taking any walks in the woods around here,’ I replied.
The driver kindly dropped me off in front of the doctor’s office and hospital in Balmanse. 
As the lorry lumbered down the cobblestone street, a crow settled onto the roof of the hospital’s entry canopy and said, ‘Kee.’
‘Hi Kee. I’m going to get patched up. I’ll be out in a while.’
‘Caw.’ he replied.
The receptionist remembered me, and seeing the bloodstained makeshift bandage around my head, quickly asked me about the extent of my damaged head.
‘A big bump and a short but deep cut,’ I replied.
She nodded. ‘Take a seat, I’ll slip you in next. Nurse Valkie can sew you up.’
‘Sew me up? How so?’
The receptionist, using her hand to illustrate the process, said, ‘She’ll use a needle and thread to close the wound so that it can heal.’
A procedure that alarmed me greatly. ‘Maybe just a good bandage would do?’
She smiled. ‘Oh maybe.’ But she was just kidding me, seeing my alarm.
Nurse Valkie looked up as the receptionist ushered me in, seeing the bloodstained makeshift bandage around my head, and then who was under it, and maybe turned a little pale. But she recovered instantly and asked, ‘Now what have you gone and done?’
‘I ran into a wolf on the road to Treymanor,’ I replied. ‘In a motorcar. The motorcar is in about the same shape as me. I think the wolf got the worst part of the deal.’
Once more I described the accident, including the size of the wolf, as she cleaned the wound with a stinging solution, iced it, and then actually did sew the cut closed. On the other side of The Wall, a fifteen minute session in a med unit would have healed it, painlessly. But I didn’t mention that to Nurse Valkie. I didn’t want to annoy her with a needle and thread in hand.
Sewn up and patched up, she directed me to the local “chemist” where I could obtain some pills for the pain and fresh bandages.  By now it was getting rather dark in the fleeting morning. The streetlights were already lit.
‘Kee,’ said Kee from above.
‘Hey Kee. Next stop I think should be the garage. I need to arrange for the car to be towed – somewhere.’
He followed me in the air as I walked the couple of blocks back to the garage just beyond the town’s gates where I had charged up the motorcar, and told the owner about the accident and the state of the car.
‘Couldn’t you have pounded the fender out of the way and replaced the wheel?’ he asked.
‘If I had the tools, maybe.’
‘The tools are in the box strapped on the back.’
‘Oh. Didn’t know that. I guess I was more concerned about getting me patched up than I was about patching up the motorcar.’
He grunted, and asked me where I wanted it towed to. A good question. In the end, I decided to have him tow it down to Treymanor and let the agency deal with it. I wrote a note explaining the accident, and advised them to contact Di Ai upon her return to settle up any charges. I did, however, have to pay the garage owner for the towing, which took a chunk out of the bills Byn had given me. But then, they weren't mine to begin with.
I then walked back up into town to locate this chemist. I ran into Di Ai, almost literally, when I pushed through the chemist’s door. She was leaving as I entered, with a couple of envelopes in hand.
Her eyes widened – perhaps she took me for a ghost. And then she got – almost – angry. ‘What are you still doing here?’
‘I had an accident,’ I replied, pointing to the bandage under the brim of my cap.  “I ran into a very large wolf down near the fail-safe wall and lake and ended up climbing the embankment and hitting my head on something. The motorcar was too damaged to drive, so I caught a ride back here. And I was just going to get some pills that I’m told will ease the pain, and a supply of bandages.’
Her anger softened to concern. ‘A big wolf?’
I nodded. ‘It seems that they’re not going to be content to scare us off.’
‘Right,’ she said. ‘Get your medicine and bandages. The Spa’s motor coach goes back to the Spa in fifteen minutes. We need to talk.’
Kee was waiting for me on the streetlamp when I emerged.  I told him that I was heading back to the Spa for lunch, and that I’d save him some.
‘Really, d’Mere! After everything I told you!’ exclaimed an angry Di Ai.
‘And you were right,’ I replied, as we walked down the hill to the East Gate where the Spa’s motor coach was collecting the guests who had gone into town that morning. ‘But...’I added, showing her the little wire and then explained what Kee and I had done to neutralize that threat as she drove us back to the Spa.
‘And that’s the power of sausages,’ I concluded.
‘I can see that you’re birds of a feather,’ she replied, ‘But I hope you clearly see what we’re up against...’
‘I can guess...’ I muttered. But that’s all I could do.
‘...They have us in the palm of their hands at the moment. Our only defense is to stay in the crowd as much as possible and hope that they won’t dare to act openly. But this being the Iron Kingdoms, and since they’re the likely owners of this valley, who knows what they will dare?’



Chapter 09  The Balweere Spa 



01
I re-booked my old room upon arriving at the Spa.
‘Book it for the rest of the week. We’ll leave with the other tourists aboard the Spa’s motor coach on fourthday,’ said Di Ai. 
So I did. I changed into a shirt that didn’t have dried blood on it, and scrubbed off what I could of the blood spots on my tweed jacket before joining Di Ai for lunch in the Spa’s more informal cafe. We found a table where we could talk, if we kept our voices low.
‘I assume that you realize what we’re investigating.’
‘Illegal biological experiments and augmentation,’ I replied, with both Kee and the so-called werewolf in mind.
‘Yes. But more than that. Simple affairs like that are usually handled by the Civic Guard. It’s when they start modifying animals – and people – weaponizing them to sell, or hire out their services, to criminals within the Unity or into it from the drifts, that our department gets involved.’
‘And your new department is?’
‘The Patrol’s Interplanetary Crime Directorate, but you didn’t hear that from me.’
I nodded as I mentally ran down through the directory tree of the Patrol. The Patrol is a multi-functional organization. Its activities range from surveying space routes, meteor clearing, manning planetary meteor defense bases, to patrolling the space lanes for rogue meteors or even rarer pirates, and as a semi-military police force in the near drifts on rare occasions. It is also the interplanetary police force that investigates and attempts to suppress criminal activity with interplanetary aspects, ideally in cooperation with the planetside Civic Guard. The Unity has very little criminal activity by any measure, save that the Unity is very large and populous – 211 planets that are home to hundreds of billions of people, not all of whom emigrate to the drifts for the freedom to do what the Unity outlaws. The Interplanetary Crime Directorate is a centralized directorate charged with investigating criminal activity that involves multi-worlds or several star systems – activities too broad for either the Civic Guard or any single system Patrol command to handle.
‘So that’s why you disappeared off the local Patrol roster,’ I said. ‘You’re now based out of Murlinn and on the central command’s roster.’
‘For safety and security, I was stricken from the Alantzia Patrol’s roster. And for safety and security, it had to look like I did so voluntarily, in case any target has the ability to trace me back to my Patrol career. It was unpleasant, but necessary,’ she replied, giving me a hard look.
‘Well, you’ve certainly taken on the persona of an agent of the Interplanetary Crime Directorate.’ 
‘This is what I want to do, d’Mere. And I want to do it well. Brilliantly, if I can,’ she replied, rather grimly.
I nodded. I had a feeling I was seeing her mother, the Patrol ship captain, in her makeup now. Whether it had been dormant or simply hidden behind her too pleasant and cheerful guise to be accepted into a deck officer’s slot is an open question. But clearly the Patrol had missed it when evaluating Vaun Di Ai. Until now.
‘So, what are we up against?’
‘An organization that supplies augmented humans and bio-modified and controllable animals to criminal organizations – your so-called pirate princes. They offer to augment humans – to create super-humans – for a steep fee, and various animals that, like your crow, are modified to perform specialized jobs under the active control of humans. The so-called werewolf you hit had been biologically bred and modified to increase its size, and was likely directed remotely by a human to jump into the road at the precise time – with the help of your crow.’
‘What’s the use of a werewolf-like creature?’
She shrugged. ‘I suspect that they may be test beds for procedures, or perhaps they’ve been created for export to the drifts or the minor worlds of the Alantzia, since they’re too over the top for use on a Unity world. However, smaller animals like your crow could prove useful for spying and survey work since they would not likely set off security systems like a drone would.
‘However, what concerns us – and brings us here – is the service they offer to criminal organizations to modify and augment their personnel.’
‘How so?’
‘In a variety of ways. An augmented person might have an array of capacitors implanted throughout their body to absorb the plasma charge of a dart, thus giving them partial immunity from the effects of darts, and rendering fatal charges non-fatal. Augmented people may have the bones in their limbs and joints strengthened with d-matter casings which would allow them to survive drops and blows that would shatter normal bones. They might also have artificial muscles installed alongside the natural ones that would double or triple their strength and stamina, as well as biological enhancements that would supply natural stimulants in far greater supply and duration. In short, give them super strength and speed for far longer than a normal human. Their senses can also be enhanced to see further, clearer, and better at night, as well as hear better, and even smell better through biological and artificial enhancements.
‘None of this is new. The technology and techniques have been around since Terran humans started sending people to the stars. It is an age-old problem here in the Unity. There are likely hundreds of similar investigations going on at this moment across the Unity. Most, however, are being conducted by the Civil Guards. What brings the Patrol, and our directorate into this investigation is the fact that it is a commercial operation supplying super-criminals and biological crime-aids to customers in Alantzia, and perhaps beyond.’
‘And just so you know. Tarvis Byn is one of their projects. Which is why I want to keep him as secret as possible. He is our ace in the hole.’
‘Byn is an augmented man?’
And yet, looking back, that suddenly explained his ability to catch the train in Ravenhall, climb up the balconies, and pin me to the bed in a flash. And maybe why he’s able to eat so much and still stay trim.
‘I take it that his memories of the procedure were erased.’ 
She nodded. ‘Standard procedure in the criminal world, as you well know.  As many incriminating memories are erased as possible. The only reason that we were able to trace the operation back to Ironlode was that he had just arrived back in Fairwaine from his treatment. In fact, he was still in his sleeper pod when he was discovered during the Civil Guard’s investigation of the Seven Syndicate’s warehouses – along with your mystery robot. It was the fact that he had only been recently delivered that allowed us to trace his origin back to Ironlode, jump starting the directorate’s investigation. I spent my first month here in my analyst mode refining our data to locate as closely as possible the likely source of the sleeper pod shipment. I got it down to half a dozen possible rift valleys.’
‘What’s Byn doing here and with all his criminal memories intact?’
‘I’m sure you can appreciate that Tarvis could not be simply socially re-conditioned like a normal criminal. Not with his enhanced abilities. Removing his enhancements was deemed far too risky to undertake. He simply could never be just an ordinary Unity Standard citizen. He needed to be treated special. Given this situation, it was felt that his talents could be used on our side of the law. So he was invited to join the directorate. He accepted the offer.’
‘Still, I don’t see why keeping his memory of his criminal activity was necessary. Or prudent.’
‘He was a very skilled thief even prior to his conversion. The directorate wanted that experience and those skills. As employed by the Seven Syndicate, the memory of each of the jobs he performed was carefully erased, leaving most of his skills, and lessons learned more or less intact. It was decided that if we did more than that ourselves, as part of the normal social-reconditioning procedure, we’d lose too many of his skills. Moreover, it was determined that it wasn’t necessary.
‘You see, Tarvis really enjoyed working as a thief. As a thief, he played many roles to get himself installed in the very wealthy households of his usual targets. It was felt that since we could offer him much the same type of undercover work on the other side of the law, he’d be happy to volunteer to do similar work for us. Which was in fact the case. Especially since we won’t be erasing large chunks of his life, as the syndicate did. Plus, he now has the opportunity to live a rather normal Unity Standard life, if and when he decides that’s what he wants to do. There are always desk jobs in the Patrol. Lot’s of them,’ she added with a little smile.
‘Plus, the chance to advance up through the ranks of the Patrol, and earn a silver star on your shoulder,’ I added.
She smiled. ‘True. I have a feeling that he’ll keep me on my toes. However, my point is that, here and now, we have an augmented man on our side. I fear that we’re going to need him, if we’re to get out of this in one piece. The question is how he can be of greatest use. Until I know, I want to keep him a secret. Assuming he’s still a secret, which, given your surveillance crow, is not a given.’
‘If he was augmented here, they may well have recognized him already. Plus, as you well know, not all memories are entirely erased. He might well know more about what’s going on than he lets on. He might well decide that working on the other side is more fun. And being here offers an excellent opportunity to get back on that side. Perhaps as a freelance thief. I think he’s a risk rather than an asset.’
‘As I said before, I trust him, if only because he has so much more to gain by working on our side, and he knows it. He’s very smart.’
So you say, I thought, but, shrugged and said, ‘I’ll have to trust your judgment, I suppose. We have no other choice.’
‘Not any more,’ she said, rather accusingly. 
I sought to change the subject. ‘What brings you into town?’
‘I managed to decipher at least part of what is recorded in the notebook. These,’ she said, taking the envelopes from her jacket pocket that she had apparently collected from the chemist, ‘are image prints. When I recognized that the notations seemed to be related to things like “old cottage,” and “farm shed,” it occurred to me that they were notes describing where they made an image with their legal camera. Those images have to then be processed – some sort of chemical reaction, or some such thing. Chemist shops usually provide that service, so I took the motor coach into town, and looked in on the chemist shop to see if they had dropped off any film. They had, and I collected the processed images. I haven’t had a chance to more than glance through them – photos of scenery, picturesque scenes, people doing whatever they do here, things like that. I suspect, however, that most of those images are cover for any possible evidence they may have come across. We’ll have to look over them later.
‘I’m thinking that maybe we – we, as in Tarvis – can spend the next three days discreetly investigating the subjects of these images. We’re not in a position to do anything other than possibly narrow the next team’s search. But that will be useful, if it can be done without taking too many risks.’
‘Right,’ I said with a nod. As long as it was Byn that was doing the investigation, I was comfortable with that plan of action. ‘Let me feed my friend and we can go up to your room and have a look at those images.’
She sighed.
I stepped out into the dark of the terrace. A little piece of that darkness detached itself and landed with a little thump on my shoulder. 
It said, ‘Kee.’
‘Lunch is served, Kee,’ I replied, unrolling my napkin with nice small pieces of our faux-chicken, along with some dark bread and placed them on one of the tables. ‘Bon Appetit!’
Di Ai just shook her head as I returned. 
‘What?’ I said. ‘Birds are a popular pet for spaceers. They’re easy to keep and do well in weightless conditions. Of course most of them are a bit more colorful and better conversationalists than Kee. But I’m sure he’s as smart as any of the more colorful ones. Perhaps his augmentation has something to do with that. At any rate, he betrayed his masters for me. I owe him.’
‘Not for you. For sausages, d’Mere. Sausages,’ she replied.
I opened my mouth to dispute that, but decided just to let it ride. 
We looked into the restaurant and caught the eye of Byn behind his fine assortment of empty platters. Lunch wasn’t as formal as dinner, but even at dinner, not quite fitting in with the other diners never seemed to bother Byn as it did me. But then again, he was big and fit enough to make it not worth anyone’s even subtle suggestion that he wasn’t quite dressed for the place and occasion. We retired to Di Ai’s room to await his arrival.



02
‘Back already, d’Mere?’ Byn asked as he entered the room five minutes later – from the balcony window, as was his strange custom.
‘Ran into a werewolf on the road to Treymanor.’
‘Ran it over,’ added Di Ai. 
‘Not quite. But I sent it flying, though it didn’t do the motorcar any good,’  I replied, and briefly recounted my encounter.
‘They didn’t want d’Mere leaving the valley alive. Wanted to make it look like an accident, if possible. Can you swim, d’Mere?
‘Yes.’
‘Humm… Well, I suppose the werewolf would’ve stayed around to make sure you never got out of the lake alive. In any event, we have to assume that goes for you as well, Laya.’
‘And we have to assume that goes for you as well, since we now know for certain that d’Mere was being monitored with at least one augmented crow. So, we need to also assume that anyone in contact with d’Mere may have been observed and that we are all now being watched in a similar manner. There could be any number of augmented crows in the trees outside the balcony at this moment. So I think we must consider that they’re on to you as well.’
Byn shrugged. ‘I can take care of myself. But you’re right, they’re not going to let us go without a struggle. Do you have an escape plan?’
‘We’ll all travel together. We’ll take the Spa’s motor coach to Treymanor on fourthday along with the other departing guests. I doubt that they’d be bold enough to attack the motor coach full of Spa guests. That’ll get us out of the Balweere Valley. However, it wouldn’t guarantee that they’d not try something at some other point in the journey. Still, it should be a lot harder for them to operate outside of the Balweere.
‘In the meanwhile, we’ve just been going over the images that Phen and Clive took with their camera and dropped off at the local chemist before their attack. Here have a look,’ said Di Ai, handing Byn the small stack of paper images. ‘See if you see anything interesting.’
‘Balweere Castle… and grounds from a distance…’ he muttered. 
‘We saw it close up,’ I said.
 ‘I’d been poking around Balweere Castle myself on their orders. They had wanted me to find a way in and out for them. Ah, yes, this picture of the trees… If you look closely, you’ll see the security pod attached to the tree trunk. They had a full special ops kit smuggled in, so that they were pretty confident that they could defeat any security systems the Duke had installed...’ said Byn. And glancing up, he added, ‘They may’ve underestimated the Duke. Something tripped them up.’
‘Have you found a way in?’ asked Di Ai, and with a glance at me, added, ‘I’ve told d’Mere about you.’
‘Right. Well, I think I could slip in without pinging their system. Our colleagues would’ve had to rely on jamming the system to get in and out, which was doable, but not ideal. I wouldn’t have needed to do that. But we’re only trainees, and could not be trusted with anything more than support work,’ he added, rather bitterly.
‘Recognize anything else that may be significant?’ 
‘The image of the fail-safe gateway is the entrance to Siltear Valley. Siltear is separated from the Balweere by a fail-safe wall.’ Looking closer, he added with a grin, ‘The sign saying “Private Estate, No Trespassing'' beside the gateway pretty much confirms it. From the gossip I’ve heard around the valley, the whole of the Siltear Valley is the Count’s private estate. There’s a single road running the length of the valley to Castle Siltear through thick woods. The Count uses the entire valley as a hunting preserve. There’s a single village at the far end, mostly for the staff of Siltear Castle and its small farm. 
‘And these long shots of a forested valley are likely Siltear Valley. I don’t think you could get that shot from the gateway. I was told to stay clear of the gateway and valley beyond, pending their investigation of Balweere Castle, so I can’t say for certain. I gather they feared that the gate might have Unity security, since the Duke had one for his estate. Still, they must’ve decided to take a look anyway, and play the dumb tourist. “Sign? What sign?” sort of thing if caught,’ he said, with a smile.
‘Anyway, you can just make out what is likely Castle Siltear with its farms and little village at the far end of the valley. And that smudge, on the white cliff above it, is Castle Crag. I’ve heard that Castle Crag is a ruin that dates back to the early centuries of the Iron Kingdoms when Hunsar family squabbles might involve small invading armies. It guards an entry point from a neighboring valley, but has long been abandoned for the larger and much more modern Castle Siltear.’
‘The Siltear images are the last ones taken,’ said Di Ai. ‘Do you think they may’ve looked deeper into the Siltear Valley?’
‘Who knows? They were well aware of the risk of the gateway being monitored. But they may’ve decided to push their innocent tourist gambit harder for a closer look. Hard to say. Remember they were armed with darters, and other covert gear. They probably figured that they could extricate themselves from any trouble they’d likely run into. They seem to have been wrong.’
‘So it seems. Still, now that we know that we’re dealing with augmented animals, I have to say that the very private Siltear Valley suddenly looks… interesting,’ mused Di Ai. 
‘Well worth looking into,’ agreed Byn.
‘But we’re not the people to do it,’ replied Di Ai, reluctantly. ‘We, well I anyway, have likely already exceeded my orders. And I certainly have no authority even to suggest that you look into it.’
‘Don’t give it a second thought. I’ve already decided that I’m going to do it. No need for you even to suggest it – as long as you promise to look after yourselves during the daylight hours. I’ll try to be around to guard you while you sleep.’
‘Is that necessary?’
‘After d’Mere’s experience, I think so. They may have people like me to call on to deal with us. Look how easy it is for me to enter and leave by the balconies. Our only security is being part of a crowd. And even so, you have to be careful. In a crowd someone like me could probably just brush by you and administer the poison that likely killed our colleagues without you ever knowing it.’
‘It seems rather pointless. Murdering two Unity agents is certainly going to bring more agents to Balweere. They have nothing to gain, and likely more to lose by killing us,’ I said.
‘Logically, you’re right. But this is the Iron Kingdoms. They think differently here. They may well be willing to kill every agent that the Unity sends, if they can,’ replied Byn, grimly. ‘Tourists from the Unity are rare to begin with, and almost unheard of outside of the summer season. Whether or not the Directorate could field agents who could pass for Iron Kingdomers is an open question. The people who frequent spas like this one come from a stratum of society where people know, or know of, each other. Fitting strangers in would be hard. But then, that’s not our problem. We’re just trainees.
‘Still, I’ll take a run out to the Siltear valley and have a look at it this evening. I’ll be back by dark to stand watch. I think we should bunk together, now that they tipped their hand as to their intentions.’
Di Ai nodded. ‘I think that’s our best plan. Though, again, I don’t think it’s our task to continue the work of our colleagues. Staying alive and getting out alive is now our main task. I’m not your superior, Tarvis, so I can’t tell you what or what not to do, but whatever you do, don’t run any great risks. You’re far more valuable alive than any information you might get in the next day or two.’
‘If we’re careful, perhaps we can do both,’ said Byn, stretching himself out on the bed. ‘But I’ll keep your concern in mind. Now, if you don’t mind, I think I’ll take a short nap before I head out again. I’ve rather gotten into that quaint Ironlode custom of an afternoon nap,’ he said.
“If we’re careful” is always an iffy prospect when it comes to Di Ai. She forgets it very easily. Still, she managed to keep it in mind for the rest of the day.
We left Byn to his nap, and spent the long, dark afternoon wandering around the plush, but rather gloomy, public rooms of the Spa. We played a few games of pool as a team. They play pool at the VanTre Patrol base as well, so we lightened the wallets of a pair of young Ironlode gentlemen. Later, while wandering through the Spa’s very posh souvenir shop, I found, in addition to a new shirt to replace my blood stained one, a very solid shafted walking stick with a heavy brass knob. 
‘Think that’ll do any good?’ asked Di Ai, as I tried swishing it about, holding it in the middle of the shaft, and using it like a short club.
‘Well, any werewolf that devours me, will go away with a headache as well as a full belly,’ I replied. The truth is that from my all-too-brief time in the company of Di AI, I’ve come to feel more comfortable with a little darter in my pocket. I didn’t have one now, and so I was feeling a bit naked. A stout walking stick wasn’t a darter, but it was the best I could come up with and better than nothing.
Byn was gone by the time we returned to my room and didn’t return until late in the evening. 
‘The fail-safe gate does have a Unity level security system,’ he reported. ‘I decided not to risk giving them even more reasons to eliminate us, so I didn’t try to get in. I’ve a feeling that there’s at least one more gate. I’ll look for it tomorrow. 
I am certain that the images were taken from inside the fail-safe gate. You can’t see the castle from outside the gateway. They no doubt tripped the security system upon entry… Likely explains the attack. Their innocent tourist cover didn’t lift. The Siltear Valley and Count Cassar have gotten a little more interesting.’
Di Ai nodded. ‘The connection is suggestive, but we can’t jump to any conclusions. From where they were discovered, they could’ve tripped alarms and been attacked while further investigating either estate.’
‘Right. I’ll look deeper into the matter tomorrow. Let’s get some sleep,’ he said, with a yawn. ‘Who’s drawn the short straw and stands the first watch?’
Byn was gone before the sun rose and the mist cleared.
While Di Ai and I had breakfast inside, I insisted that we have a second cup of caf out on the terrace so that Kee could join us for his breakfast. Which he did. As Di Ai said, the power of sausages. After which we retired to our rooms to catch up on the sleep we missed standing watch, feeling that it was safe to do so during the daylight. We met for lunch – Byn didn’t show up – and managed to get and hold a pool table against all comers during the afternoon. A twelve year hitch on a Patrol planetside base produces its fair share of pool sharks. 
Not possessing the formal attire to properly do dinner – nor the formidable appearance of Byn, we once again dined in the cafe, and once more had our caf and dessert out on the terrace along with Kee, before taking a walk around the grounds in the bright evening, with my new walking stick swinging fashionably in hand. Nevertheless we did not venture far from the buildings. We didn’t say much for fear of another augmented, eavesdropping crow amongst the flocks in the trees. Upon circling around to the front of the building,  we found a large, ornate motorcar parked along the driveway before the porte-cochere.
‘I wonder whose motorcar that is?’ I mused.
‘I have a feeling we’ll find out soon enough,’ replied Di Ai, all too grimly, as we pushed through the Spa’s entry doors.
And we did.



Chapter 10  The Siltear Valley



01 
 We no sooner entered the Spa’s lobby when Count Hunsar rocketed from one of the chairs and, with startling quickness for his size, was alongside of us.
‘Miss Phen, Mr d’Mere,’ he growled with a slight bow. ‘I’ve been impatiently waiting for the staff to locate you.’
‘What can we do for you, sir?’ asked Di Ai.
‘In a moment, my dear,’ he replied with a wave of his hand. Turning to me, he growled, ‘I hear that you had a recent road accident. Mr d’Mere. I hope you didn’t suffer too much damage.’ He didn’t try too hard to sound convincing.
‘I’m told that I have four stitches in my head, plus a few remaining aches and pains, but that’s all. I think the beast I hit came off worse.’
‘An animal you hit, you say. It must’ve been a big one to have sent your motorcar off the road and up the embankment.’
‘A very big one, a wolf, I believe, but the size of a bear, I’d say.’
‘And you couldn’t avoid hitting it?’
‘Didn’t try,’ I replied watching him closely, adding, ‘I feared that any attempt to avoid hitting the beast would’ve sent the motorcar and me off the edge of the road, down a high and steep embankment and into that lake down at the fail-safe wall. It was it or me, and I chose it.’
‘You were probably driving too fast,’ the Count growled. ‘Stopping would have been the best course.’
‘If you had seen this wolf, you wouldn’t be saying that,’ I replied with a forced laugh. It struck me that he knew a lot about the incident, after not a lot of time. I would’ve liked to believe that gossip travels fast in the Balweere, but I couldn’t believe it traveled that fast.
He scowled. ‘Perhaps. Though wolves are usually harmless.’ He turned to Di Ai, and continued, ‘However, the reason I’m here is that one of my gamekeepers discovered a motorcar parked off the road on my property. Hidden in the forest. I suspect it’s your aunt and uncle’s motorcar, seeing as they were found near the gates of my estate. I’ve heard no mention of their motorcar, and it’s unlikely that they hiked all the way from the Spa to Springhouse.’
‘I am unfamiliar with what arrangements they made for travel within the Iron Kingdoms. But it could well be,’ admitted Di Ai. ‘What would you have me do?’
‘I’d greatly appreciate it if you would accompany me back to my estate and inspect the vehicle to determine if it was theirs or not. If it is, my chauffeur knows how to start it without the keys, and you can drive it back here.’
‘An excellent idea,’ said Di Ai, even though it clearly wasn’t.
‘Perhaps that can wait until morning. It is already getting dark,’ I said, alarmed by Di Ai’s willingness to go out with one of the prime suspects of her colleagues’ murder.
‘We have time. I’ve come all this way already, and it’s less than half an hour from here in my motorcar. Whoever the car belongs to, it has no business being parked on my property. The Siltear Valley is entirely private. I allow in only invited guests. And you’ll find that I have clearly posted that at the gate to my valley. If your kin had ignored that warning, they have little to complain about. The animals of the Siltear Valley are wild and hunted. They have reason to fear humans, but sometimes they turn and fight.’ he added with a grim smile, his dark eyes watching us intently.
‘We’ll see. Give me a minute to run up to my room and put on a heavier jacket. You don’t have to come along, d’Mere. I can take care of this myself.’
‘Oh, I’ll tag along,’ I said, even as I knew that I should stop saying things like that.
Once Di Ai returned, the Count led us to his large motorcar and ushered us into its enclosed passenger compartment. As large as it was, it creaked and swayed as he climbed aboard. Unlike his nephew, the Count was not a talkative man. He made a few attempts at conversation, but it wasn’t until Di Ai asked him about hunting, did he find his muse. He told us about the hunting parties he hosts when the family would be gathering in a few weeks’ time. 
‘What do we hunt? Why just about everything. Dyzar hosts the bird and deer hunts, but when it comes to bears, boars, and indeed, wolves – beasts that can fight back – those hunts are held on my estate. It is mostly forest, so there’s a great range of places to hunt as well as an abundance of beasts.’
‘I take it that hunting bears, boars and wolves involve an element of danger,’ said Di Ai.
‘Aye. Especially the boars. They grow as big as a small motorcar and can be very mean. And fearless. Between you and me, you can’t trust a plasma dart to bring them down. You’d want a high velocity solid shot rifle in hand.’
‘The Duke suggested that only the commoners illegally killed his game.’
The Count laughed. ‘We are allowed to kill beasts in self-defense. Trust me, if you annoy a boar with the sting of a plasma dart, you can expect it to take offense. And if you have one of them beasties a’ roaring and charging you with its great tusks, you’d be thankful if there are several men armed with real rifles alongside of you to put it down,’ he growled, and then added, grinning through his black beard, ‘And even more thankful if you’d employed several men and women who know how to make a feast out of a boar, as well.’
By the time his hunting stories were winding down, we had passed the little collection of cottages known as Springhouse and were climbing up the forested hill towards the low concrete wall running along its ridge line where the Balweere Valley’s western dome’s edge met that of the much smaller Siltear Valley’s dome’s southeast edge. Though the sun was still above the western hills, the road was a curving pale lane through the blue-green shade of the dense forest that clothed the dividing hill. At the top, we rode through a wide gateway set in the low, thick concrete fail-safe wall with the base of the fabric domes arching up close overhead. Set alongside the inner wall was the sliding airlock door that would close in the event of a serious rupture to either dome. As in the paper image we saw taken by the agents, there was a large sign announcing that the Siltear Valley was a private estate, invited guests only.
There was a little clearing at the top of the hill, at the first twist of the road that offered a sweeping view of the Siltear Valley – again, familiar from the paper images. It was a narrow, forested valley, its steep western slopes already in deep green, almost black, shadows as the sun hung just over its ridge line. The most prominent feature was a large outcropping crowned by the ragged ruin just visible at the far end of the valley. 
‘That’s Castle Crag,’ said the Count, leaning over to point it out through the side window. ‘It’s a ruin now. I keep house in a larger, more modern castle at the base of it these days,’ said the Count. ‘You can just make it out from here – on the hill above the open fields at the far end of the valley. It’s a lot more comfortable and convenient for guests these days.
‘Ah, but in the old days…There’s another domed valley system to the north. Back in then, when the kingdoms were still forming, the Hunvarians were wont to come across the barrier with the idea of adding the Siltear and Balweere valleys to their kingdom. Castle Crag guarded both the Siltear and Balweere from their intrusions. Those were the days,’ he growled wishfully, adding with a wink, ‘My ancestors didn’t mind having a go at adding their valley to ours, either.’
Leaving the winding road leading down from the hilltop, the Count’s driver picked up speed once on the straight, forest-lined road. With the trees arching overhead, it got darker, and seemingly colder, even in the motorcar’s compartment. Some minutes later, we pulled to a stop along the narrow, forest-lined road.
‘Here it be,’ said the Count, opening his door, and with the motorcar shifting with his weight, exited. We followed him into the cool, pine-scented twilight. ‘It’s just hidden in the underbrush. Follow me,’ he ordered, and briskly led the way into the dark woods.
We didn’t have far to go before coming across the black motorcar, similar to the one I’d rented, parked in the deep shadows of the tall pine forest. Its canvas top was rolled down.
‘Is it your kin’s?’ he growled.
Di Ai shrugged. ‘I can’t say. As I mentioned, I don’t know anything about their travels. They stopped and said hello to me when they arrived, and then plunged into the Iron Kingdoms to research their book. But I’ll have a look to see if there’s anything of theirs in the motorcar,’ she added.
‘My gamekeeper found nothing, But I can tell you that’s it’s been here for several days. The bushes they drove over have recovered, and I’m told that the seats are damp from the rain and mists. So I’m thinking it must be your kin’s motorcar. And even if it isn't, I'd appreciate it if you’d drive it out of here for me. Voric, here, will get it started for you. It’s a simple matter of messing with the wires.’
Seeing that he wasn’t offering to drive us back to the Spa, we didn’t have a choice. And seeing that we looked to be getting out of the Count’s company with our lives, neither Di Ai nor I objected.
I did, however, step over to watch what Voric did to start the machine without the proper key. He opened the engine compartment hood and finding two wires leading back from the motorcar’s sparse control panel, crossed them to get the electric motor purring. He glanced up to make sure I knew how to do it again, if needed. I nodded. 
‘I will now bid you a good night, my friends,’ said the Count, with a little bow, and a dark grin. Eager to be off, he stomped back through the deep shadows. Less than a minute later, we heard his motorcar purr to life and swoosh away, leaving the woods in a deep and vaguely eerie silence. Though the eeriness was no doubt a product of my imagination. Or so I hoped.
‘Right. Let’s get out of here,’ I said, looking around the cool, dark forest that had grown even darker as the unseen sun slipped below the western ridge. ‘Do you want to drive, or should I?’
‘You can. You’ve had far more practice than I,’ she replied with a laugh.
‘Have you practiced at all?’
‘Of course. I’ve spent a considerable amount of my free time these past several months on the Iron Kingdom side of Ravenhall, acquainting myself with the ways of the Iron Kingdom. I made it a point to acquire the necessary knowledge and skills to operate here, if need be. Standard operating procedure, d’Mere. Besides, as you know, I hate taking unnecessary chances.’
I gave her a sharp, questioning look, as I climbed into the motorcar’s driver’s seat. She seemed serious enough. I decided that it wasn’t worth my trouble disputing that last point.
I put the machine into low gear, turned on the largely ineffectual headlights, and drove it slowly out through the rustling underbrush and onto the narrow dirt road. Whoever had left it, had thoughtfully backed it into the woods, probably with an eye to a quick escape. Once on the narrow, gravel paved road, I shifted it to second gear and with the pale lane stretching out straight before us, shifted into third and fourth, putting on more speed. 
But not for long..
I hadn’t been driving for more than several minutes when the machine chimed, a red light appeared on its control panel, as the motorcar abruptly slowed. and the headlights dimmed. 
‘What now?’ I exclaimed, alarmed. Red lights are never good tidings. 
Di Ai leaned over and peered closer. ‘It reads “Low battery,”  and “Battery Extending Mode Engaged.”’
I rattled off a few choice engine room curses, before asking, ‘What’s the extended range?’
‘How would I know?’ replied Di Ai. 
‘Is there any way to override it? I really want to get out of this valley, if possible, and before full night.’
‘I don’t see any.’
I added a few more curses from my repertoire. ‘How could they have been so careless?’
‘Maybe they weren’t,’ replied Di Ai grimly.
‘Do you think the Count’s behind this? That he deliberately depleted the battery?’
‘I think we’ll find out, soon enough, if he did. But let’s not jump to conclusions. The dial is inoperative when the machine is off, so no one would know the state of the battery before starting it up. It’s possible that they were careless.’
I shook my head. ‘No. Trust me, the fact that you don’t have unlimited range, is not something you forget about. Especially if you’ve been here for several months. No, our friend the Count is behind this.’ I hadn’t a good feeling about the Count or his intentions right from the start, and his eagerness to abandon us as soon as the machine was started had only reinforced my fears.
Di Ai didn’t argue, saying only, ‘Once we get out of the gate and on the other side of the hill, we can coast down to Springhouse and recharge the battery there.’
That sounded like wishful thinking to me. More than ever I’d a feeling he’d brought us here for a sinister purpose and had taken that into account. It wasn’t long before that feeling was proven right.
Still, as long as the motorcar kept moving, however slowly, I didn’t curse it. It took us twice the time to reach the hill that stretched up to the fail-safe wall and the gates of the estate, then it had coming down. Starting up the grade, the machine slowed to walking speed, and seemed to threaten to give up the ghost at any moment. 
‘I don’t know if we’re going to make it. It might be faster on foot,’ I said, with my go-pedal foot on the floor of the machine, for all the good it did.
Di Ai, a dark form beside me, shrugged ‘No point abandoning it yet. It’d be a long walk back to the Spa – in the dark.’
That prospect cheered me up no end. I kept my foot on the floor.
Out of the blackness around us, rose an eerie howling sound – seemingly close at hand. 
The eerie tune was taken up by others across the valley.
‘What’s that?’ I exclaimed, glancing around, as if I could see anything in the darkness that surrounded us. 
‘I believe it’s wolves howling.’
‘What are they howling for? What does it mean?’
Di Ai shrugged. ‘I believe it’s just something they do to pass the time.’
I didn’t believe that. Nor did she, I thought. I pressed the motorcar’s go pedal harder, for all the good it did. (None.) We continued to crawl up the hill at a walking pace.
Overhead, in the darkness, a crow ‘Caw-cawed!’ in the harsh crow voice, which was answered by unseen crows.
‘Kee?’ I called out.
But if it was him, he just continued to caw-caw.
Rounding the first of the sharp curves, the feeble headlights fell on a large figure in the middle of the road.  It was with a sense of deja vu rather than surprise that I recognized the too familiar shape of the giant canine, the so-called werewolf waiting for us in the middle of the narrow road. This time we hadn’t enough speed to hurt it. Nor outrun it.
I recalled a few more engine room curses to preface my ‘Werewolf!’ exclamation. And grabbed my new walking stick with my free hand.
Overhead a crow “cawed” a loud warning, as the wolves in the distance wailed.
Di Ai leaned forward, as if to view it closer. ‘Keep on,’ she commanded. 
The fur on its broad back rose, as it opened its sharp mouth and seemed, for a moment, to grin. And then it snarled, showing all of its teeth as it uttered a low, but loud growl before bounding out of the way of the motorcar, and disappearing into the shadows of the deep woods. 
‘Another warning,’ said Di Ai.
I shook my head, even as I peered into the shadows of the steep slope it had bounded into. ‘It wasn’t a mere warning I’d been given on the road to Treymanor,’ I said grimly. I expected an ambush. With our low speed and the openness of the motorcar, we were defenseless against any attack. ‘It means business,’ I added, shifting my walking stick to my right hand, the one nearest the exposed side of the motorcar.
 And yet, we crawled slowly past the spot without incident.
‘No. Count Cassar won’t dare do anything here and now. There were people at the Spa who saw us leave with him in his motorcar. He’d have a lot to explain if anything happens to us, especially on his estate,’ said Di Ai as we continued on up the road in low gear, with the next sharp curve looming ahead.
‘I’ve a feeling that the Count can get away with anything, including murdering interlopers from beyond The Wall,’ I replied. ‘Especially since his nephew would be his judge.’
She shrugged, but didn’t argue the point.
It wasn’t a warning. It was a game – on its part. The werewolf was waiting for us in the middle of the road as we rounded the next curve. It snarled again, showing its set of sharp teeth. And then raised its fur to make it seem even more menacing.
‘It’s toying with us,’ I muttered. ‘Whoever is directing it is just having fun now. We know too much for them to let us out alive.’
‘We’ll see,’ said Di Ai softly.
As we approached, the werewolf slowly edged to my side of the narrow road –seemingly to let us pass. However, this time it didn’t disappear into the underbrush, but waited for our approach, with a wide eager grin. 
‘Any suggestions?’ I whispered, keeping my eyes on the beast as we neared it.
‘Keep on – and duck when I tell you to,’ she replied, rising slightly from her seat on a knee and twisting to watch the beast.
I continued on, as ordered, walking stick in hand. I edged the motorcar into the brush on the far side of the road to give us as much clearance as possible, hoping that Di Ai was right about just warning us, but doubting she was. 
The howling in the distance increased.
And overhead, a crow  – I had to believe Kee – screamed a loud warning, taken up by distant crows.
The glacial speed at which this encounter was unfolding, and the seemingly inevitability of a vicious attack gave each moment a nightmare air. My only plan was to thrust the walking stick into that gaping mouth to try to keep it at bay.
As we came alongside, it let out a great, growling howl and, rearing up on its hind legs, bounded across the road at us.
Di Ai next to me, rose in her seat. I could feel her arms behind my head.
‘Duck!’ she yelled as the werewolf leaped to board the motorcar.
The motorcar lurched and tilted as it struck, its massive, clawed paws on the edge of the driver’s compartment. It brushed the walking stick away, nearly tearing it from my grasp and reached for me, its wide jaws open.
Instinctively I followed Di Ai’s orders, leaning down and away – hampered by the steering wheel.
There was a flash and a loud crack next to my ear. Followed by a second one. Looking back and up, through a thin haze of smoke, I could see the gaping mouth and tongue of the werewolf suddenly fill with blood. 
The motorcar lurched again as the werewolf disappeared and dropped away.
 Before I could straighten up, Di Ai shoved the steering wheel back to keep the machine on the road. As soon as I got it back on the road, I looked back to see the werewolf, a slowly rolling mound of fur, in the middle of the pale, shadow-dimmed road behind us. It came to a stop, but immediately stirred and struggled to regain its footing.
Di Ai had twisted completely around in her seat and was holding what I assumed was some sort of Iron Kingdom firearm with both hands and outstretched arms. She was pointing it at the werewolf.
I turned back to steer the motorcar since we were approaching the next curve.
‘You could’ve at least mentioned you had one of those things,’ I said. ‘It might have saved me a year or two of my life.’
‘I didn’t want to give you an illusion of safety,’ she replied, still watching the werewolf.
 As we rounded the bend, I glanced back to see that the werewolf was still standing – swaying slightly. Parts of its head and jaws were not all there. It collapsed again as we put it out of sight around the curve, Di Ai settled back into her seat and turned her attention to her side of the machine.
I looked at her, and sighed. ‘You’re full of surprises...’
She favored me with a slight smile. ‘As you know, I don’t take chances. I came prepared. This is what I had to go up to my room to get,’ she added, showing me the blue steel weapon in her hand – the size was similar in shape to a Patrol standard darter, and then its leather holster that she had hidden under her jacket. ‘They’re called revolvers here. It fires a solid shot – not a big one. It likely worked because I shot it at point blank range where I couldn’t miss putting two bullets into its head. I probably could have emptied all the chambers and still not have stopped it, at any other range,’ she said grimly. ‘We were lucky.’
‘And you just happened to know how to use it as well?’ 
She turned to watch the woods, in the event that there were more of them. ‘I told you that I spent my free time on the Iron Kingdom side acquiring certain skills. Purchasing one of these, and learning how to use it, was one of those. As it turned out, a necessary one.’
‘You expected something like this to happen when the Count asked us to accompany him? And you still agreed?’ I asked, keeping my eyes on the woods around us. Who knew how many such creatures there were about?
She shook her head. ‘I wasn’t certain. But I wanted to be prepared if he had something like this in mind. He had become my prime suspect.’
‘Why?’
‘Oh, let’s just say, because I don’t like him.’
‘So what about his nephew, Duke Dyzar? Is he off the hook?’
‘Maybe.’
‘Why maybe?’
‘Oh, because I kind’a like him...’ she sighed.
‘One more question. Why are you taking these chances? You're probably exceeding your orders again.’
‘Because, d’Mere, I intend to excel in my new role, and that means being better than good. I took the taxi pilot job to give myself a traceable background. I spend my off days in the Iron Kingdom side of Ravenhall to acquire the knowledge and skills I might need for just this type of operation.
‘And moreover, Tarvis and I are expected to become a team. If I’m going to excel in the company of an augmented man, I’m going to have to be at the top of my game – be it as an analyst, or as an agent. Tarvis is pretty easygoing and he’s been very considerate and helpful. I don’t see him as a rival. But with all his abilities, I don’t want to be overlooked. I’ve been given an opportunity to prove that I can do more than sit at a desk and analyze files, and I intend to prove it.’
Given my vague mistrust of Byn, all I could say that wouldn’t get me into trouble was, ‘Right.’ 
At this point, a bit of the darkness materialized on my shoulder – the one away from Di Ai. ‘Kee.’
‘Hi Kee. Thanks for the warning – but there was nothing we could do,’ I said, adding to Di Ai, ‘You see, he’s on our side now.’
‘If you want to believe that. It could’ve been alerting the werewolf of our approach just as well.’
Kee gave his low rattling call.
‘Ignore her. She’s just jealous that she doesn’t have a crow for a friend.’
‘Kee,’ he said in agreement.
Shortly after that, we rounded the final curve and found ourselves at the top of the hill with the gate and the fail-safe wall just ahead, grey in the dim light of the last hour of the day. From behind us, the wolves of the valley began to howl again. Hopefully mourning the loss of one of their larger than life heroes.
I took the motorcar out of gear and carefully coasted down the winding road to the edge of Springhouse. There, I roused a grumpy farmer, and using Iron Kingdom bank notes to do my talking, talked him into allowing us to charge the motorcar from the power outlet for his tractor. 
With enough of a charge, we made it back to the Spa, at full speed, shortly before midnight. I said goodnight to Kee and we headed up to our rooms.



Chapter 11  Castle Crag



01
Byn was waiting for us in my room – napping on my bed. He snapped awake and sat up as we entered, and seeing it was us, yawned and said, ‘Do you realize that it’s nearly midnight, kids. Am I going to have to set a curfew time for you youngsters?’
‘I wish someone would,’ I muttered.
‘We went for a drive with Count Cassar,’ said Di Ai, cheerfully, now seemingly fully recovered from our encounter with the werewolf.
‘Was that wise?’ asked Byn, raising a quizzical eyebrow.
‘No,’ I said.
‘Nevertheless, it all worked out. I don’t know how many werewolf creatures our target commands, but I’d say that we put another one out of commission,’ said Di Ai, who went on to briefly describe our encounter with the Count and the beast. ‘We left it still standing. I wonder how alive it has to be to be controlled.’
‘Seeing that the one I hit with the motorcar made off after the encounter, on three legs at most, I’d say not very,’ I said.
‘Another warning? asked Byn.
‘No,’ I said, shaking my head. ‘It wasn’t a warning. They want us dead. Especially if the wolf-creature only has to bite us to introduce the poison that brings about the coma, in its saliva. Only the fact that Laya put two bullets into its head at point blank range prevented it from doing just that, if not a lot more.’
‘How did that motorcar get there?’ mused Di Ai. ‘Did the Count drive it there as an excuse to lure us into the valley? Or did our colleagues decide to play the innocent tourist card if caught, and drive it there themselves, even knowing that the gate was monitored?’
‘Who knows? Rather reckless of them if they did drive in themselves,’ I said. ‘Any thoughts, Tarvis?’
‘Wouldn’t put it past them. Remember they were armed, and they had likely never encountered a werewolf before. While they may’ve expected trouble, I doubt that they were expecting the type of trouble they encountered.’
‘It seems like a very extreme reaction to the incursion.’ 
‘But not one that could be pinned directly on our target. A wild animal attack, is just that. The Count wasn’t taking too many risks,’ replied Byn. ‘Assuming, of course that it’s the Count who’s behind the attack and augmentation operation.’
‘He’s certainly part of it, though I don’t know how exactly he fits in. He seems, shall we say, too direct, too crude, for the type of operation we’re looking for, so we can’t discount the Duke. But between the two of them, I think we have our suspects. For all the good it does. We need more than suspects. We need actionable evidence.’
‘But we’re not going to get it, are we?’ I said. ‘That’s for the next team, right?’
She nodded, all too tentatively for my liking. ‘I’m afraid you’re right. We need to get out of here alive, in order to save the next team a lot of work.’
‘Our best bet is to stay close to the Spa – no joy rides with the local lords – for the next three days, and then take the motor coach down to Treymanor with the other guests,’ said Byn.
‘Well, we now have our colleagues’ motorcar. We can leave when we choose to,’ replied Di Ai.
Byn shook his head. ‘Wouldn’t advise that. We have to assume that they are keeping close tabs on us with their crows. And though you may’ve taken two of their wolf-creatures out of action, we don’t know how many they have at their disposal, or what other types of beasts they can control. No, you want to leave in a crowd. ’
‘And you?’ asked Di Ai, archly. ‘You’ll be coming with us as well. Right?’
‘Ah…’ said Byn, with a smile. ‘I’ve got another plan. Here, let me get out the map of Balweere.’
Drawing a paper map from his jacket pocket, he unfolded it on the bed.
‘Here’s Balweere Castle and estate – right at the northern tip of the Balweere rift valley. Right next to it, over this ridge, is the little spur valley of Siltear, the Count’s private estate. Both castles are located at the far tip of their respective valleys. The main gate to the Siltear Valley is monitored. I might be able to slip in, and disappear into the forest with my speed. But you can’t. However, though the Duke also has a security perimeter, it’s wide and pretty porous for someone with my skill set. I’m able to enter and leave the estate and even the castle, at will,’ he laughed, and then continued. ‘Once you’re through the security perimeter, it's clear going. So today I traveled along the ridge line and discovered that there is a gateway between the two valleys in the dome wall that runs along the ridge separating them here. It is not monitored.’ He pointed to a spot on the map directly between the two castles in their respective valleys. ‘I took the opportunity to venture into the Siltear Valley to have a look,’ he paused to flash us one of his smiles.
‘And you found?’ asked, Di Ai.
‘I didn’t want to tip anyone off that I’d found the unguarded way in, so I was very discreet in my investigation. I can’t say I found the facility that we’re looking for, for certain. But I’ve good reason to believe I have – I smelled it.’
‘Smelled it?’ I asked.
‘Right. One of my enhancements is in my sense of smell. I could smell the scent of confined beasts. It appeared to be coming from the supposed ruins of Castle Crag, on that outcropping cliff above Castle Siltear. I pushed in a bit – there are the remains of an old town up in the forest around the old castle – but I didn’t try to get close enough to take a look inside the castle – this time. It may well have its own security system, and I was only scouting. I was content with the mere scent of caged animals.’
‘That might be good enough,’ said Di Ai.
‘If we can confirm it,’ said Byn. But we at least need to see what type of animals he’s keeping in Castle Crag. I need to get closer, and have a look at the facilities, which are likely hidden in the old castle, to keep them secret from his hunting guests. And I need to plan an escape route or two as well.
‘Here’s where the Duke’s estate comes in. You see, here – at the very tip of the Balweere valley, above his estate – there’s a spaceboat hangar set in the dome wall. The Duke doesn’t care to spend a day on a train and motorcar traveling to and from his estate to his refinery beyond The Wall. Nope. He uses a spaceboat so that he can go from the refinery to sitting down for dinner in his castle within an hour.
‘My plan is to use this hangar as my escape route. After my investigation of Castle Crag, I’ll make my way to the hangar, borrow one of the light spacesuits from the airlock locker room, and step outside the dome to call for a taxi, ideally, your boat, Laya, and be off.’
‘Assuming that the hangar isn’t secured, which it likely is,’ I said.
‘It is. But as I said, I’ve had a look-see around and in Balweere Castle itself, and its security system. I know the entry code.’
‘You just walked in, found the security system panel and obtained the necessary codes? Really?’  I asked.
‘You seem to have forgotten, d’Mere, my former profession. I’ve spent several decades doing just that, in grand homes with far more sophisticated security than Balweere Castle. I don’t know whose homes they were – but my masters were always very careful not to erase anything I learned about evading security measures over the course of my career of something like thirty long-term inside jobs, and as many smash-and-grab ones as well. Trust me. I know what I’m doing when it comes to securing secrets.’
I nodded, ‘Point taken.’ I didn’t trust him, but I did have to assume he knew his business.
‘If you could do it. We all could just as easily. You don’t need me to pick you up. If we find enough evidence, we can call the Patrol and Civil Guards in rather than a taxi,’ said Di Ai, eagerly. ‘We may not have our com-links with us, but that doesn’t prevent us from collecting and saving visuals. Eyewitness recordings are valid evidence.’
‘No reason why we need to go along. Byn can collect those recordings by himself.’
He shook his head. ‘Sorry. But, you see, I can’t. I don’t have the necessary neural implants to record visuals with my eyes.’
‘Really?’ I asked. 
‘Really. In my profession, I often gained entry by being one of the staff of the household of my target in order to study and map out its security defenses. This usually takes months, without raising suspicion. To that end, I needed to be employed in the household. The easiest way to be hired is as a low-level employee...’ He added, with a laugh, ‘I would imagine that the holders of menial positions are the easiest people to convince, somehow, that they need to change positions, and thus create an opening for me to apply. In any event, the person I pretended to be would not be a person who had more than a simple neural contact on their wrist to use the most basic com-link functions. And trust me, in the households I robbed, they took security seriously. They carefully screen even the most menial employees, and would’ve detected a more sophisticated neural link. An expensive neural link would’ve raised questions, since it would be so out of character for the type of person I was passing myself off as. Not to mention, a security risk that need not be taken when employing a person in my menial capacity.
‘So, you see. I can only scout, I can’t record.’
‘But I can,’ said Di Ai eagerly. ‘A quick escape via the spaceboat hangar is actually the most risk free method of getting out of the Iron Kingdoms. d’Mere can go with the guests in the motor coach – this isn’t his mission. You and I will have a careful crack at Castle Crag, and then slip out via the hangar, as you suggest,’ said Di Ai. As I knew she would.
I sighed. ‘I really hate to be the adult in the room, but...’
‘Yes, dad?’ said Di Ai, with an indulging smile.
I gave her a hard look. ‘As I see it, there is no urgency in this case, except for getting out of here alive.  And for that, we now have a motorcar as well as the motor coach option in three days. Once we get out, you can at the very least arrange with the Patrol to monitor the Duke’s hangar to track traffic, so that if the Duke and Count, or whoever, wishes to move their operation – and given its nature, that would be very hard to do – they would have to do it within the Iron Kingdoms, using small lorries and such. 
‘And that’s only the minimum response. Assuming that Byn is correct, and that the entryway to Siltear is unguarded, you should be able to convince the Patrol, based on our experiences and what Byn has been able to observe firsthand, to send a covert-op team in via the Duke’s hangar to confirm the existence of the augmentation lab. They’d enter Balweere secretly in one of the nights, equipped with all the tech available to them – from night-vision to drones, to powerful darters – so they would be able to either avoid or deal with any contingency that might arise. This would be a covert operation, not a full scale raid, and would be designed to collect the evidence needed for a full scale raid to put the operation out of business. 
‘And again, let me emphasize, there is no great urgency in this case – so that even if it took several weeks to ship in a team from the nearest large Patrol base, that week or two delay will not likely matter. And more to the point, the fact that what you’re proposing to do can be done safely, and likely secretly, with a properly equipped and trained team, makes your proposed expedition irresponsible. And I am quite certain – from my living within the Patrol for most of my life – that this is how your superiors will view your actions, regardless of the success or failure of your proposed mission. There are proper procedures for every contingency, and you ignore those procedures at the risk of your careers.’
‘Excellent, d’Mere. Impressive,’ exclaimed a coolly smiling Byn. ‘A very astute and on point analysis of the situation. I can see that Department 57, Subsection 3 of the Supply Service Directorate, Acquisitions Department, Central Command trains its agents well. I’m impressed.’
‘However?’ I replied, filling in his unsaid ending.
‘However you fail to take into account two things.’
‘And what are they?’
‘Ambition. We’re ambitious people, Vaun and me. We’re not about to settle into being ordinary, just fine, reliable agents. We have too much talent to settle for that. Vaun is a brilliant intelligence analyst with the verve for field work. I have several decades of very successful thieving in the most demanding circumstances behind me – and that was before I was given my extraordinary physical abilities. Neither of us are willing to settle for being ordinary agents, and the Interplanetary Crime Directorate is going to have to adjust their expectations about us – if you’re right about how they think – and I’m not certain you are.
‘Plus, you’ve overlooked a key feature – the fate of our colleagues. We can’t assume that they’re dead. They might still be in that coma. Even the Seven Syndicate made a point of avoiding killing Guard and Patrol agents. It’s not good for business. Maybe in the Iron Kingdom, they feel safe enough to do so...’
‘That certainly appears to be the case...’ I muttered.
‘But we can’t assume that. If our colleagues are still  alive and in that coma, the sooner we act, the better chance that they can be recovered alive. If we can get enough actionable evidence tomorrow, the Civic Guard and Patrol could act decisively within hours of our report. The bottom line, d’Mere, is that you don’t leave your team members behind. We don’t intend to.’
I suppose it was the bottom line. ‘Right. I accept your point. However, on that same basis, I’m not going to leave you two to go in alone. I’m going as well.’
‘They’re not your colleagues, nor is it your business,’ said Di Ai.
‘You’re my friend. And you made it my business. I’ll see it through to the end.’
‘I’m not sure that’s very wise...’
‘Then you shouldn’t be doing it yourself. The Patrol or Guards might have a covert-op team on hand, who would act within hours of your report.’
She shook her head. ‘The fastest way to get beyond The Wall and back into the Unity is via the Duke’s hangar on the ridge. It won’t matter much if we take an extra hour or two to discreetly look into the Siltear Valley and Castle Crag to collect actionable evidence. It’s the best option, by far.’
‘Right. Then I’m in.’
She sighed. ‘Right. If we’re going to do it, it’s best not to waste a second. We should leave here before sunrise, when any observing crow would likely be asleep – say in four hours –  0500 hours. How do we get to Springhouse? Take the team’s motorcar?’
‘Better to use bicycles from the Spa. They’re easy enough to borrow, and would make a lot less fuss than the motorcar, if we have a crow spy in the trees.’
‘It’ll be pitch black,’ I said. ‘Riding in the dark will be slow going.’
‘Not for me,’ replied Byn. ‘and my augmented eyes. I can lead the way, and once on the road, the bicycles have headlights, of sorts. No one will be out and we can be in the Balweere Castle forest before even the farmers are out of their beds. A four hour walk along the ridge will take us to the gate. Perfect timing. We can look in with just enough light to see anything interesting, and be out before full afternoon darkness. The Duke’s hangar is not more than fifteen minutes from the gate. It’ll be dark and very unlikely that anyone would be around, so we should be able to escape undetected.’
Di Ai nodded. ‘It’s as good a plan as any. Let’s all get a few hours of sleep – I don’t think we need to stand watch. You guys can share the bed. I’ll take the chair. Toss me the extra quilt.’



02
0400 hours came too soon – so I must’ve gotten some sleep before Byn shook me awake. 
‘No lights. The song birds will be awake soon, we need to be gone before they awake,’ he whispered. I’ll meet you at the bike rack in five minutes.’
‘Make it ten,’ muttered Di Ai, softly as she cast off the quilt and pushed away the desk chair she had been resting her feet on.
‘What about breakfast?’ I said, sitting up in the dark room. I was only half kidding.
Di Ai sighed.
‘I have emergency rations and a canteen in my bike’s saddle bag,’ said Byn, now a shadow against the balcony doors, adding, ‘Ten minutes,’  as he slipped out into the night.
We dressed in our most rugged clothing – tweed jackets, under the oilcloth jacket for the inevitable morning shower, caps and hats, and in Di Ai’s case, an ankle length skirt, since women didn’t wear trousers in the Iron Kingdoms. Then, as awake, as freshened up, and as armed – Di Ai with her revolver, and I with my walking stick – as one could be at 0410 in the morning, we hurried through the dim-lit red and gilded corridor, down the back stairs, and out into the deep blue nebula-lit night via a side entrance. The night was crisp, cool, and still clear. A few lights glimmered in the Spa – likely from the kitchens where they were baking bread and rolls for breakfast, but otherwise the Spa and its outbuildings were merely darker shapes of darkness. We made our way to the shed alongside the stables where the Spa’s guest bikes were parked. Byn was waiting for us astride his bike, with two saddle bags alongside the back wheel.
‘My trusty iron. It gets me around and about, night and day,’ he hissed. ‘Grab one. We’ll walk them down the drive until we get into the woods – we don’t want to show any lights until we’re out of sight of the Spa.’
The Spa bikes were equipped with rattan baskets strapped to the handlebars, so that I could slip my walking stick in between the straps to hold it while I rode.
In the pitch darkness under the arching trees of the forest, we mounted up. I turned on the bike’s dim headlight, and coasted down the winding drive behind Byn, whose bike was equipped with a brighter headlight, alongside Di Ai. On reaching the road, we turned north and set out at a good pace – though only after calling out to Byn to slow down – we weren’t augmented. The fog thickened over the next hour, and clouds formed under the dome as the air under the dome cooled and condensed. All we had to do was follow the road, so the fog didn’t matter save that my trousers grew damp, but their wool held my body’s heat, and with pedaling, I had plenty of it to spare. We had the road to ourselves. No one was crazy enough to be about at this time of day in the Balweere Valley.
We reached Springhouse a little before 0530 – when the gentle rain began and the birds had begun to sing their welcoming to the still unseen day. Between the clouds and fog, it had grown darker the longer we had been on the road. Only the fact that tall walls closed in on us from either side told us that we were driving through a little village.
‘Springhouse,’ announced Byn, slowing down. ‘You can leave your bikes in front of the Plowman, where they can be found and returned to the Spa. We need to watch our expenses. I can only imagine how they’re going to kick about the repair bill to the motorcar that d’Mere ran up hitting a werewolf.’
‘Tell them to bill Department 57, Subsection 3 of the Supply Service Directorate, Acquisitions Department, Central Command, and see where it gets them,’ I hissed.
I could just make out Byn’s grin. ‘I think we will. That should prove interesting. But now, we’ll need to backtrack a bit to tackle the Balweere Castle’s forest and ridge. We can have breakfast once we’re in the woods while we wait for it to get light enough to proceed.’ Then slinging one of the saddlebags over his broad shoulders as a knapsack, he set out.
We walked back down the road for perhaps fifteen minutes before Byn, with his enhanced eyesight, found the spot where he wanted to enter the estate woods. We followed him into the damp, dripping woods. He led us to an open glen with a large pine tree, whose lowest branches almost touched the ground. We slipped into its shelter and settled in around the trunk where it was still relatively dry.
‘Breakfast,’ he announced, opening up one of the saddle bags and handing out the heavy, wrapped ration bars I was too familiar with from my time in the Patrol. ‘I’m afraid it’s only a couple of bites, but it’ll keep us going this morning – if feeling a little hollow. But then, with any luck, we’ll be dining in Ravenhall tonight,’ he added passing around the canteen.
There was a rustle in the branches overhead, and a bit of darkness detached itself to land beside me. It said, ‘Kee.’
‘What are you doing here, Kee?’ I asked.
‘For breakfast, of course. Birds of a feather,’ muttered Di Ai.
‘If Kee has followed us, any other spy bird could’ve as well,’ I said. ‘Do we have any secrecy left?’
‘Don’t worry. Your feathered friend was on the balcony railing when I came out.’
‘Were you standing guard, Kee?’ I asked him.
‘Kee,’ he said quietly.
‘More likely waiting for breakfast,’ hissed Di Ai.
Kee gave her a low ‘Caw” and a rattling dismissal.
‘Never mind her, Kee. Here, try this. It doesn’t have much to recommend it, taste-wise, but it’ll keep you flying,’ I said, breaking off some small chunks of the ration bar.
We rested, and I, at least, dozed for the better part of an hour, before Byn determined that it was light enough to proceed. ‘Mount up, gang. Follow in my footsteps and do what I do. We’re going to have to slip through the securing perimeter. There’s a ravine up the hill that is a blind spot, but keep low, crouch when I crouch. And no talking until I say we can.’
‘Lead on, Tarvis,’ said Di Ai, cheerfully. 
Cheerfulness was never a good sign, in my experience for these types of expeditions.
We climbed up the hill between Balweere and Siltear through a dim, nearly silent, pine forest via a series of rugged ravines, scuttling low at several points until we reached the very top of the ridge – and the great concrete wall that ran along it, which anchored the fabric dome arching overhead.
A large terraforming machine had leveled the top of the ridge and fused the material to build the anchoring wall. The ridge had been scraped down to solid rock on either side of the wall for perhaps 50 meters to prevent trees from damaging the vast tent that arched over the valley. The great pines were tall enough to hide the wall, allowing us to walk the ridge line rapidly and unseen from the valley below in the shifting daylight of the brief morning’s “day.” We reached the gateway in the wall between the two valleys a little after 1030. Beyond the gateway, the dome wall curved around the end of the rift valley to the right and out of sight behind the trees.
We pulled up just short of the gateway, and sat down in the long shadow of the dome wall – the sun was already in the last western quarter of the morning’s day – to catch our breath and plan our next move.
‘The hangar is another fifteen minute hike from here,’ said Byn pointing the way. ‘Just in case we get separated, and you need to escape without me, the access code is...’ and he rattled off a simple five digit code. ‘Got it?’
Di Ai nodded, and glanced to me, to make sure I had it as well.
‘Right then,’ continued Byn, looking about. ‘We have a few minutes – the castle won’t be in shadow until the sun actually sets. With my enhanced eyesight I can lead us out by night skylight, so there’s no need to hurry. We need just enough light for you guys to be able to see any evidence of illegal biological manipulation. So we have time for another ration bar,’ he added, ever solid when it came to food.
The ration bar brought Kee down from the trees where he’d been following us during the morning. 
‘You’re just its meal ticket, d’Mere,’ said Di Ai. ‘A soft touch.’
‘You’re just jealous. He needs to eat too. He can’t hunt for food while he is scouting for us.’
She just shook her head.
We ate and rested for about half an hour before Byn climbed to his feet and said, ‘In we go. Through the gate and down to the edge of the forest as quickly as you can. The gate can be seen from the ramparts of the old castle. We’ll move along the edge of the forest as we approach the castle. We can play it by ear as to how close we care to get. If there appears to be an opportunity to gather some actionable intel, we’ll take it. If not, it’s just a recon and out. Are we in agreement?’ he asked, looking at Di Ai.
She nodded. ‘We don’t want to be dead heroes.’
‘No we don’t. A quick look-see and out.’
The gate between the two estates was merely a three meter by three meter square hole in the five meter thick concrete foundation for the arching dome. At its far end we stopped to take in the lay of the land. Our objective, Castle Crag was precariously perched atop the cliff of a massive rock projecting out from the rim hill, outlined in the golden glow of the dome in the low sunlight. Its jagged silhouette of walls, turrets and a tall keep, deep in shadows on our side, gave no clue as to how intact it was.
‘There are some ruins of a town at the foot of the cliff and up the side. They may be used as pens for the augmented beasts. They might be all we need to record,’ said Byn. ‘We’ll see – I didn’t get close enough to be sure the last time. In we go. We probably should keep conversation to the minimum, just in case.’
With a nod, we scurried down the bare rubble field, glowing gold in the light of the setting sun, to the edge of the dark green-black pine forest. The forest hid the castle, but following the edge of the forest would take us around to the point where the castle’s rock projected out into the valley.
It took less than ten minutes until we came upon a line of stone rubble that stretched from the dome wall down into the dark forest. 
‘This is likely what’s left of the old town wall. It was as far as I ventured. The castle is less than a kilometer beyond,’ whispered Byn. ‘I can just catch the scent of beasts. It would be wise to cross over it in the cover of the forest.’
Di Ai nodded, and we turned downhill, following the ruined wall. With the sun low in the west, it was nearly night-dark in the green shade of the towering old pines and the long shadow of the castle’s jutting crag. We didn’t have to go far before Byn led us across the mound of mossy stones and tangle of roots that marked the old wall. Beyond it lay a similar patchwork of mounds and low, standing stone walls draped in vines and stained with moss – the ruins of the town – its streets and roofless buildings filled with the soft mulch of pine needles.
It was also very quiet. Not a bird sang. There is never much of a wind under the domes so the trees were still and not a breath of air stirred under them. With our foot falls muffled by the pine needles, my breathing seemed loud. It could’ve been described as very peaceful, but given our mission, it struck me as eerie. Which made Kee’s low ‘Caw-caw!’ seem very loud when he swooped down from the trees and fluttered overhead several minutes later.
‘That’s a warning! We need to take cover,’ I hissed, looking about for the source of danger, and a place to take cover. We were walking along a narrow street – now no more than a jagged path between the low, uneven series of mossy walls and tree trunks that ended not far ahead against the cliff of the castle’s crag. 
‘Oh Really!’ whispered Di Ai, softly, though she too, looked about, as Kee circled overhead.
‘No point taking chances. Let’s duck into this building,’ hissed Byn, indicating the old doorway in the head-height wall that opened onto a roofless hollow that may’ve been once a shop. ‘I’ll scout ahead. We should start angling back up the hill to enter the castle, in any case.’
As we slipped into the hollow, Byn said, ‘Stay here while I have a look-see,’ before vaulting over the low uphill wall and the next one before he was lost from sight.
Kee was not satisfied with our precaution, and continued to soar overhead, ‘Cawing!’ softly.
A sharp explosion ripped through the deep silence. 
Kee’s ‘Caws’ abruptly ceased as Di Ai and I jumped and spun to face the source of the blast. 
Count Cassar stood in the doorway behind us, with a large barrelled smoking weapon in hand, flanked by two similarly armed men with their weapons pointed our way. With a nod from the Count, they spread out along the wall to either side of us.
‘Blasted bird. A traitor,’ the Count growled, glaring up into the darkness overhead. ‘Interesting, though,’ he added, looking to us, with a grin in his dark beard. ‘Compromised by sausages, hmm. I’ll have to remember that. However, back to the business at hand. So you two are back, are you?’ 
What could we say? So we said nothing.
‘I believe that I made it clear yesterday that this is a private valley, and that trespassers aren’t welcome. And yet, here you are again. What am I to do with you?’ he continued, shaking his head slowly in mock consideration.
‘A warning will suffice,’ said Di Ai, with a cool smile.
He shook his head. ‘No, I don’t believe that will do, since my previous warnings seem to have been to no avail. Besides, we all know that it’s gone far beyond a mere warning. Nooo… That won’t do.’ He sighed, and then continued, with mock sadness. ‘Alas, I’ve been told that I act far too savagely. That I’m too old school Iron Kingdom in my attitude for my own good. Which may be true,’ he sighed again, with a shrug and a smile. 
‘Or not,’ he continued, with a growl. ‘The individual who admonished me has, in fact, never been off Ironlode, while I’ve spent more than half a century in the Unity. I’m a bio scientist and engineer. Put in a decade as a senior scientist at government research institute on Neuholm in the Avalee System. Of course, it being the Unity, there isn’t much left to discover anymore – legally anyways. Eventually I grew bored and took a position in the Apier Star System’s Planetary Development Directorate. I oversaw the re-engineering of  biological organisms to comfortably fit into the native ecosystem of the planet Urtara during its terraforming stage, prior to full scale settlement. The planet had a well established ecosystem, for the Nebula, which always presents an intricate problem for settlement. The native ecosystem had to be tweaked to make it safe for humans, while at the same time, our introduced biologic elements also had to be adapted to thrive in Urtara’s already thriving and complex ecosystem – a process that takes centuries. Interesting work, but you can only do so much of it before you want to do more. So much more. At least I did. So I came home, where I could do so much more,’ he added, with another of his dark smiles. 
‘But you didn’t come here for a lecture. Nor I, to give one. I’d ask what you are here for, but I’m not one for verbal games. I know who and what you are and why you’re here, so I’ll save you the trouble of lying by asking. You’re here to see Castle Crag. And so you shall. A personal tour, in fact.’
As the Count was talking, I was considering our options. Or more precisely, our options once Byn tipped his hand, since Di Ai and I didn’t seem to have any, at the present, beyond being prisoners. Still, if the Count had only his two gamekeepers with him, we – with Byn – were more than evenly matched. They may’ve been armed, but Byn was augmented, and could probably handle all three of them, armed or not as we proceeded up the hill to the castle. Plus, I knew Di Ai was wearing her revolver under her jacket. It was a question of having the chance to use it.
‘I think we’ve seen enough, Count’ said Di Ai. ‘Now, if you want to charge us with trespass, you can send for Sheriff Sivart. Otherwise, we’ll be on our way.’
He barked a laugh. ‘You’ve come all this way and haven’t seen anything yet. No, I won’t disappoint you. Besides, the good Sheriff’s authority does not extend into the Siltear. I am lord and master, sheriff and judge, of this valley. The Iron Kingdoms are not democracies. They’re a collection of private estates. But it’s getting dark and we’re wasting time. Move. Take the back doorway and let’s march up the hill. Don’t even think of trying something. My men are armed with the old fashioned sort of weapons. They put big holes in you. And they will.’
‘And if we don’t care to?’ asked Di Ai, undaunted.
‘Then I’ll just have to carry you up the hill,’ he added with a very effective theatrical leer. ‘And drag Mr d’Mere along as well, if he declines.’
I just shrugged. This was Di Ai’s game to play. I was pretty certain she had been trying to buy time for Byn’s response – some sort of ambush up the way. 
‘Right, let’s see what your ruined castle has to offer the casual tourist,’ said Di Ai, turning to the dark doorway in the low uphill wall. I followed suit. 
The Count barked a laugh. ‘I’ve decided that you’ll be more than a tourist. It’ll be your home soon enough.’
As we made for the low, old doorway in the upside of the room, Di Ai began to casually unbutton her jacket.
‘I wouldn’t advise that, my dear Laya,’ said Byn, with his cool smile, as he stepped into the doorway out of the shadows of the room beyond. ‘The good doctor, the Duke, is also augmented. His reaction time is far too fast for any such idea to be anything but mere annoyance. And he has a temper. You don’t want to annoy him,’ he added with a nod and a smile to the Count behind us.
‘Hear him, my dear,’ said the Count.
‘Do you have a better plan?’ snapped Di Ai, likely sarcastically, though perhaps on the off chance that things weren’t like they seemed to be.
He shook his head sadly. ‘No. I did the best I could for you and d’Mere. You get to live.’
‘And that’s the best you could do?’ she asked, stepping close to stare up at him.
‘Better than being chewed up by one of his pets.’
‘Tsk! Where were you last night when being chewed up by one of his pets seemed to be the only option?’
He shrugged. ‘The Count likes his fun. You really need to remember that. Still, if you cooperate, he’s quite the gentleman, aren’t you, Cassar?’
‘Aye. A gentleman, my dear,’ he growled from behind us. ‘I can be very Unity Standard, if I set my mind to it. Decades of practice, you know.’
‘So I would strongly advise you to kindly hand over your revolver to me and cooperate. No one will be hurt if you do so. As he said, his men are armed with solid shot, We don’t want anyone killed, do we?’ said Byn with his easy smile.
Di Ai took a rather painfully long moment to consider that question, with Byn grinning down at her. They both knew that he could react fast enough to have the revolver out of her holster and in his hand the moment she went for it with the idea of using it for business. In the end she shrugged and pulled the weapon out and handed it to Byn handle first.
For a moment I thought he was playing the triple agent game. With the revolver now in hand, he might’ve been able to take out the Count and his men with his augmented reaction time and enhanced senses. I braced to fling myself to the ground when the shooting started. 
But the shooting never happened. Byn merely pocketed the revolver. ‘Thanks, Laya. Shall we go up and see the castle?’ he said, with his all too charming smile and sweep of his hand.
Di Ai nodded, without a comment. And so with Byn in the lead, the Count behind us, and his two gamekeepers keeping pace on the walls alongside us, we started up the hill, in silence, weaving our way through the trees and the ruins to the forest-free clearing at the top of the ridge. Ahead, we could make out the jumbled walls, turrets, and towering keep of the half-ruined castle. It made a stark, dark silhouette against the ruddy glow of the dome in the setting sun of the morning. From the shadows around us, the dark afternoon was closed in.
The tall, ivy draped walls of the castle extended to the dome wall and the dome that arched up, close overhead. It was pierced by a large open gateway, through which we were led.  Beyond the gate, we found ourselves in a street surrounded by the partial ruins of what were once shops or storerooms. They had been converted to iron fenced cages that held a menagerie of animals in their shadows. I caught sight of several bears, a great boar, crows or ravens, and of course, several of the super large werewolves. We also came across several workers, cleaning empty cages.
‘I dare say that you have a couple less giant wolves,’ said Di Ai, turning to speak to the Count and pointing to the empty cages.
He shook his head and came up to walk alongside of us. ‘No. You see, I have the finest medical equipment the Unity has to offer at my disposal. I’ve programmed it to treat my pets as well as my customers. So you see, I was able to repair my poor pets. Though I must admit, that in action, they lack the effectiveness of an augmented man or woman when it comes to getting things done. But then, they are likely just purchased for show. A wolf of that size running loose anywhere in the Unity, or even the drifts, isn’t likely to be operational long. They’re mostly purchased as pets to keep the staff on their toes – and loyal,’ he added, with a barking laugh.
‘Do a lot of business, do you?’ asked Di Ai.
‘Can’t complain. I’m a specialist. On that basis, I’ve a good business. I’ve sent my products, both human and animal to most of the Unity systems, plus I do a good business with drift customers. 
‘Luckily, I have some spare time, and I have plans. For you.’
‘Really?’she said, glancing to the Count.
‘I’ve decided to take you in hand and give you the full treatment. When I’m done with you, you’ll know all about the procedures and prospects, since you’re going to be one of my products.’
‘I have no intention of being one of your products,’ replied Di Ai. ‘And you’d be foolish to make someone like me, one of them.’
‘No. You’re perfect. In six months, you’ll be the match of Tarvis or even me in speed and endurance, if not strength.’
‘And you think that’s wise?’
‘Who you are now, and who I’ll make you into are two different creatures. When I’m done with you, like it or not, you’re going to see life differently, since as a superhuman you will be different.’
‘That’ll never buy my loyalty.’
The Count shrugged. ‘It’s not a question of loyalty. Birds of a feather flock together. I’ve no intention of selling you. Augmentation will be my gift to you. How you use it, will be up to you.’
Di Ai shook her head. ‘I’m afraid I don’t see what you hope to gain – against what you’re risking, if I am, what you think I am. Why would I be anything but your enemy?  I don’t wish to be augmented. But if you really do treat me against my wishes – I’d simply be an even more deadly enemy than I may be now. Though, I suppose that you could wipe my memory, but that’ll likely render me far less effective.’
‘I have no intention of doing that. Your value is in what you are. No,’ he shook his head. ‘I’m confident that the process will change your attitude. I might be wrong. It’s an experiment. But you’ll have Tarvis here with you, to guide you through the process. And in the end, I think I’ll have produced an exceptional freelance team. You’ll have a new life as independent agents, doing whatever job interests you the most. I can act as your agent, or let you fly, as free as a bird, on your own – making your own way in the Unity or the drifts with your enhanced talents. You can even go back and work for whatever agency that’s employing you now. But I’m sure it will bore the new you as much as it bored Tarvis. This is, I hope you can see, just a whim of mine. An experiment. And while I believe I know how it will turn out, I'm still very curious to find out if I’m right or not.’
Di Ai shook her head. ‘You don’t know me.’
‘True. I don’t know you, but I’ll have plenty of time to learn more about you, and you about me, in the coming months.’
‘I think you’re far too confident in your expected results.’
‘No. You see, I’m one, myself. I know what it’s like to be one. I sell my services to organizations like the Seven Syndicate. I give them what they want – a person like Tarvis Byn. But how long do you think Tarvis would’ve taken orders from the organization? Any longer than he took orders from your organization?  No, we’re superior creatures. We won’t take orders. We offer our services to do what we care to do. But orders? No. When I’m done with you, you’ll be free to do whatever you care to do. And, as I said, if you want to work for the Patrol, that’s fine with me. But I’ll tell you this – it won’t be the same. I’ll have given you more in six months than a century in the Patrol will give you. That’s why I won’t fear you.’
‘Why are you doing this? Not just to me, but with all these outlawed experiments?’ 
‘I have no delusions of grandeur’ he growled. And with a grim smile, he added, ‘But in my little way, I intend to shake up the Unity with my outlawed people. At least stick a pin in its great complacency.’ 
We walked in silence for a few moments before Byn spoke up.
‘He’s right, Laya. You’ll find yourself feared and mistrusted. Trust me, I know. You’ll find that you won’t belong anymore to the Patrol, or your dream of the Patrol. However, we’ll find something else for you to do.’
‘I doubt it,’ snapped Di Ai.
Byn shrugged, but wisely abandoned his efforts.
‘And what about d’Mere?’ she asked, turning to the Count. ‘Is he to be augmented as well?
‘I’m afraid that I have no use for Mr d’Mere,’ he growled and shrugged his massive shoulders, ‘However, I’ve been convinced that I should not make waves with my simpler solutions. So I’ll not make the waves. You needn’t worry about him. I’ll have a memory doc in to wipe his memory and then ship him off to some planet to start a new life, just like a socially reformed criminal. Which seems only fair.’
‘I don’t think a mind wipe is necessary,’ I said – much alarmed. ‘It won’t save you from the consequences of the actions you’ve already taken. You could just as easily let us go, for all the difference it will make.’
He shook his head. ‘No. I know the laws. No one can get near enough to me to get actionable evidence without me knowing it. The valleys are too small for curious strangers to hide within. Unfortunately, you might already know too much to let you free. A mind-wipe is necessary.’
‘Of the Iron Kingdoms – not my life, I hope,’ I said earnestly.
He just shrugged.
I let it ride – for the moment. I didn’t want to annoy him… I walked on with a strange sense of deja vu.  It wasn’t too long ago that I’d found myself in a similar situation on Fairwaine. Back then I had no choice but to go with the flow and wait for an opportunity to act. I’d take the same approach now – not that I had any choice. However, things had worked out. But back then, Di Ai was a free agent on the outside – even though I hadn’t known it at the time. She had created a diversion that allowed me to escape. But she wasn’t free now. 
We turned down a broad street that led to the tall, mossy and ivy draped keep, turrets at its high corners, surrounded by stone buildings in remarkably good shape – all draped in the blue shadows of the falling afternoon night and etched with a thin line of gold from the morning’s last light on their western edges. 
If these were ordinary men, I would’ve liked to believe that we could’ve dealt with them, even though they were larger and stronger. Somehow. Wishful thinking. But as augmented men, there was nothing to be done. Our only hope still lay with Byn. I had never quite trusted him, so, perhaps the Count couldn’t either. As the Count had said, being a superhuman gave Byn a great deal of agency. He could do what he wanted. Though, I couldn’t help but think that what he wanted was a Di Ai like himself...
A dark thought, and I grew even sadder when I thought of Kee.  Had the augmented Duke killed my friend? I couldn’t help but think it was likely. Augmented, he wasn’t likely to miss.
It was almost as dark as night when we entered the courtyard at the foot of the towering keep and the tall roofed buildings at its feet.
‘This way,’ said the Count, with a mocking smile, a little bow, and a sweep of his arm. ‘Since you came to see the castle, we’ll start at the bottom, with a tour of the dungeon. My ancestors were quite proud of it. It’s deep in the rock of the crag, and said to be very authentic. Which means that it’s not very pleasant. Still, it’ll only be your home for a day or two. I need to make some arrangements for a visit by a memory doctor, and finer accommodations for my new patient in the keep above. One that will accommodate an unwilling patient – for a while.’
He led us through an arched doorway into the great room of the keep. Like Balweere Castle, we found ourselves in a tall hall, lit by a row of dim electric lanterns designed to mimic torches. The Count dismissed the gamekeepers and turned to us. 
‘This way,’ he said, taking the lead, and leading us to a doorway off to one side. We followed him through several empty chambers until we reached a door that opened on a stone stairway that led down into impenetrable darkness.
We now outnumbered the Count three to one – if Byn was really on our side. He could act at any moment. He didn’t. 
 The Count and Byn each grabbed a brass and glass electric lantern from a ledge alongside the door. ‘It’s rather dark down in the dungeon.’
Di Ai stopped and turned to Byn. ‘This has gone on long enough, Tarvis. You’ve had your fun. Put a bullet in the Count’s knee – or both of them, and let's get our work done and be on our way.’
Byn smiled, and shook his head. ‘This is the way it plays out, my dear Laya. I gave the other side of the law its chance. I gave the Unity Standard life its chance. But it didn’t work out. They never trusted me...’
‘Rightly,’ I muttered bitterly.
Byn shrugged and continued. ‘I’ve decades of experience in very successful covert operations – before I was augmented – and what does the directorate give me for a job? A go-fer. A blasted go-fer on a mission on a world, a mission that I could’ve accomplished all my own – or our own, Laya, – given our talents and the fact that I might well have recalled my previous experiences here. Mind-wipes can sometimes be reversed. But no. Under the guise of being trainees, we’re relegated to bit parts in the mission. No glory for us, even though you did all the preliminary investigation, and I, all of the preliminary scouting. And even then, they blew the job.’
‘Did you have a hand in that?’ asked Di Ai.
He shook his head. ‘No. They did it all on their own. I only met the Doc here these last two days, during my subsequent investigation.’
‘Which you, too, got caught doing,’ laughed the Count.
Byn grinned and shrugged. ‘True. Never underestimate an augmented man. It seems that the Doc has augmented his nephew, the Duke as well. I unintentionally met the Duke while looking in on his castle the day after your dinner with him. I wanted a good look around, and figured I could do it with my talents unobserved. I hadn’t counted on the Duke being augmented too, so he discovered and confronted me. We had a nice long conversation and came to an understanding.’
‘An understanding? To betray us?’
‘No. To save you. Dyzar was rather concerned that his uncle, the Doc here, is a bit too, shall we say, zealous in protecting his operation. Dyzar, on learning how the Doc here was protecting his operation with his killer wolves, took a hand in the matter to keep things from spiraling out of control – to the point where the King of Hunsara would be unable to protect the Count...’
The Count growled dismissively. ‘I can look after myself.’
Byn grinned again, ‘Maybe, but you made Dyzar nervous in the way you did so. In any event, it was the Duke who collected our so-called prime team from the hospital. He put them into a sleeper pod to stop the poison from killing them. They’ll get a mind-wipe and a trip to some planet, along with d’Mere here.’
‘Would he also have dragged me out of the lake?’ I asked, bitterly.
Byn shrugged and glanced at the Count, who just grinned. ‘Ah, that was before the Doc here and I agreed to the Duke’s, ah, suggestions, that he needed to stop trying to kill people.’
‘When was that? He looked to be certainly trying last night,’ I said.
The Count just grinned again.
‘And what about me?’ asked Di Ai.
‘Ah, as the Count has already said, you get augmented before you’re set free.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I like you,’ said the Count, with a grin. ‘But you’re too weak for me, as you are now.’
‘And I’ll be too strong for you, once you’re done,’ she replied.
‘Maybe. In any event, once I’m done with recreating you, you'll be perfectly free to choose. Indeed, you’ll probably choose young Byn here. I’ve a feeling he’d like that. But be that as it may, I’ll have enjoyed the process of making you much more than you are today. You may thank me. You may curse me. You’ll probably do both, but it won’t matter in the end. You’ll have a brain and a body to do great things, if you choose to. Thanks to me. And that’s my mission.’
‘To make super-criminals?’
He grinned. ‘As I said, I suspect that my customers eventually find out that I’ve given them a tiger by the tail. My patients will eventually decide what to make of their lives, for better or worse. I simply have given them a chance… But we will have many discussions like this, going forward. Right now, I need to get you into your cells. My noon meal is waiting. Lead the way, Tarvis.’
‘Follow me, folks. We’ll now give you an extended tour of the famous dungeon of Castle Crag – the grisly inquisition chamber, the cobwebs...’ he said, brushing some out of his way, as he started down the stone steps, ‘And the luxurious cells, complete with a nice hard cot, a bucket, and cobwebs...’
Byn was clearly in roaring good spirits.
I’m sorry to say that they lived up to Byn’s hype.  We zigzagged down into the cool, damp darkness, brushing cobwebs out of our way until we reached a large chamber carved out of natural stone. It stretched into darkness in the feeble light of the two lanterns. In the center were some wooden and iron devices, which Byn explained were devised to make silent men and women talk.
‘Do you use them much, Count,’ asked Di Ai, haughtily.
‘Alas, no,’ he sighed, just as haughtily. ‘I don’t believe they were ever used. Dressing the stage was likely their only purpose. Our founders had a mania for authenticity, as you may’ve noticed.’ he added, with a grin. ‘Now, if you will kindly empty your pockets and put the contents on the rack here – as I believe it’s called – we’ll get you settled in.
We did as directed. As I’ve noted previously in my memoirs, there’s a time for action, and a time for compliance. Without Byn on our side, it was a time for compliance.
Taking a ring of keys off a nail in the last post of the handrail, and nodding towards the darkness along the far wall, the Count said, ‘If you’ll follow me, I’ll show you to your rooms.’
Our rooms consisted of two of the half a dozen iron barred cells carved out of the stone, complete with authentic cobwebs, dirt and dust. The iron door banged shut with an authentic clack of solid iron, as did the lock as the Count turned it. As he turned to go, he added, ‘I’ll send one of my staff down with your day’s rations. They’ll be authentic as well.’
Byn tossed Di Ai’s revolver on the rack, with a taunting grin, and hanging his lantern on another nail in the handrail, followed the Count up the stairs and out of sight.
‘Sorry,’ said Di Ai, unseen from the next cell.
‘It could be worse,’ I replied, and set out to clear the cold stone cell of cobwebs.



Chapter 12  The Keep and Dungeon



01
Cobwebs cleared, I returned to the front of the cell next to the stone wall that separated our cells, and slipping my arms through the bars to rest on one of the cross bars, I asked, ‘What’s the plan?’ I could just make out the dim shape of Di Ai’s elbows in the cell next to mine as she too considered our fate. 
‘Let’s see how the meal is delivered. The bars are wide enough to grab anyone on the other side. If they have the key on them… And they’re not too many of them… We’re not dealing with professional jailers…’ she muttered.
‘In short, wishful thinking.’ 
 ‘Oh, don’t be so gloomy, d’Mere. We’ve been in tight spots before.’
‘And here we are – once again.’
‘Oh, don’t pick on me. I feel bad enough about this as it is.’
‘I wasn’t.’ (Much.) ‘I just hope we can come up with a plan to get out of here before I get my memories erased. I’m rather fond of me and my memories.’
‘Oh, things will work out. Give it time. We’ll just need to relax and be patient.’
‘Right,’ I said. More likely a patient, I thought, but turned to a more immediate concern. ‘I hope they get that meal up here soon. I’m getting hungry.’
I could hear Di Ai sigh.
‘Remember, we didn’t have breakfast. I’ve a right to be hungry.’
She sighed again. Maybe she was hungry too.

It could’ve been an hour, or even two – it seemed like three –  before the two gamekeepers brought down a picnic basket, and hauled out two loaves of dark bread, two canisters of stew, and two canisters of water. They ordered us to stand against the back wall of the cell. Which I readily did – I was hungry – after which one shoved the canisters and loaf of bread through the bars while the other stood guard behind him, with a stout club to prevent any “funny business,” as they called it.
‘Your next meal is tomorrow. Take your time,’ one of them said.
‘Any chance I can bribe you for a dinner?’ I asked.
‘No,’ they said, shaking their heads. And gathering the basket, they left, leaving only the dim lantern at the far side of the chamber.
‘Now what’s our plan?’ I asked Di Ai, after I had brushed off the dust on the bread they had slipped in, and started on the hot stew with the wooden spoon they had provided.
‘Same as before,’ she said, from her cell. I couldn’t see her, and so I couldn’t say if she was being stoic or sarcastic. 
‘Have you searched your cell for bugs?’
‘Lot’s of spiders...’
‘Electronic ones, d’Mere,’ she snapped.
‘Didn’t see any. Seems unlikely, this is the Iron Kingdom. Why?’
‘So we can make plans.’
That sounded promising, so I said, ‘Give me a minute or two, I’ll go over everything again.’
I inspected the cell, the cot, and the bucket as carefully as I could, in the near darkness, before reporting, ‘Nothing suspicious. What’s our escape plan?’
‘We don’t have one. We have to wait on Tarvis to see what his plan is.’
‘Right….’ I sighed. ‘I think we’ve already learned what his plan is.’
She didn’t reply for a while, and when she did, it was a simple, ‘I don’t believe we have.’
She had and still seemed to trust him. I never quite did. So if Byn was our plan, we didn’t have one, since I certainly didn’t have one. 
‘I think that we might want to consider a backup plan...’
‘I’m open to ideas, d’Mere.’
‘I’ll give it some thought,’ I signed. The truth is, I didn’t have any ideas. All I had were regrets, and I had plenty of time to go over them while laying on the hard, dusty cot in the darkness over the next century or two. Well, it seemed like a century or two.
I regretted following Di Ai to Ironlode. But then, I had done so soon after I set out, so it wasn’t a new one. Since then it had been a case of doing things that I might now have view with regret, but at the time, I feared that I’d regret the alternative. Case in point, declining the suggestion to take the tourist motor coach out of the Balweere, or, for that matter, insisting on coming along on this ill fated expedition. And yet… It seemed like I only had two choices – both of which I would find some reason to regret. 
But as I lay in the darkness, what I regretted most, strangely enough, was Kee getting shot by the Count. While he was just a bird – with a taste for sausages – I think there was a bond between us. Beyond the love of sausages. Clearly he had been trying to warn us about the approach of the Count… 
And as unlikely as that sounded, I had to believe it was likely. Kee had been raised by people – probably the Count’s gamekeepers or staff, since he had not acted like a wild crow. He had been too bold in approaching me to have been a wild captured crow.  He had to have been under some sort of control at the time, but given his actions, I doubted that their control resulted in more than strong suggestions, to keep close enough to me for the microphone and possible visual interface to keep track of me. If they had more control over him than a general mission level one, observing me from across the table on the terrace would have been rather too obvious. Or so I mused alone in the dark. Perhaps I was just feeling sorry for myself, but I was feeling sorry for poor Kee. A good bird.
Di Ai was silent too. I suppose she had her own regrets, though I hoped that she, at least, was making realistic plans. It’s hard to keep Di Ai down. It seemed that neither of us were in a talkative mood. So the afternoon, and I presume the evening came and went unseen in the deep dark silence of Castle Crag’s authentic dungeon.
Eventually I resigned myself to my fate. I practiced memory techniques – building memory loops that were said to protect one’s memories from mind-probes and wipes  – and fell asleep. Hungry. 
Only to be startled awake with a touch. 
A peck on the tip of my nose.
A small part of the darkness of the cell fluttered back as I sat up and looked around. It said, ‘Kee.’
‘Kee? Is that really you?’ I whispered to the dark shape that had hopped back to my knee.
‘Kee,’ he replied in the affirmative. He had a rather unfortunately limited vocabulary, but somehow we understood each other. 
‘I’m so happy to see that you’re alive, Kee. I thought that the Count blew you out of the air,’ I whispered, giving him a little pat on the head.
At the mention of the Count, Kee gave his clucking version of a growl. 
‘I know what you mean, mate.’ 
‘Are you talking in your sleep, d’Mere?’ Di Ai called out from the other cell.
‘No, I’m talking to Kee. He found me. The Count missed him.’
‘I’m happy for the two of you,’ she said, sarcastically.
‘Don’t mind her, Kee. I’m certain that she was jealous that she didn’t have a crow for a friend,’ I assured him. ‘I’m very happy you found me. I was missing you.’
‘I’m really happy for the two of you. Now be quiet so I can sleep.’ 
‘You know, Di Ai, Kee’s a very smart bird. I wonder if I could get him to bring the cell keys over to me...’
‘Kee?’
‘No keys, Kee,’ I said to Kee, and offering my arm to Kee, I added, ‘I know that’s confusing, Kee. Here, let me get up and I’ll show you what I mean.’
He hopped onto my arm. I stood and walked over to the iron bars of my cell. I rattled the door. ‘You see, it’s locked, Kee. What I need are the keys to the door.
‘Kee?’
‘Keys, Let’s call it the key ring. Key ring over there,’ I said, pointing to the key ring hanging on the nail in the post next to the stairs. ‘That’s the key ring I’d like you to bring to me. Can you do it?’ I rattled the door again, and then mimicked unlocking the door. 
‘Kee,’ he replied, watching me with his intelligent black eyes.
‘Right. Key ring.  Bring it to me,’ I added, pointing to me with my hand – and back to the ring of keys on the nail. ‘Kee,’  I pointed to him, ‘bring the key ring – I pointed to the keys again – ‘To me,’ pointing to me again.
‘You don’t really expect him to understand, do you d’Mere?’ said Di Ai, who was, nevertheless, now at the bars of her cell. 
‘He’s smart, and I’m certain that he’s familiar with cages, and how they operate. They had to keep him in one, after all. If I can make him understand that I want to escape my cage, perhaps… We both don’t like cages, do we Kee?’ I asked, rattling the cell door again.
He agreed, with a ‘Kee.’
‘Right. Bring me that key ring, Kee,’ I said pointing.
‘Kee.’ he said. He hopped to the cross bar, and then fluttered across to the stair railing above the keys, and said again ‘Kee?’
‘You got it, Kee. Bring me that key ring!’ I exclaimed, eagerly. ‘You can do it. You’re a very smart bird! Show Di Ai just how smart you are. Bring the key ring to me!’
He was a very smart bird, and with some eager encouragement, he lifted the keys off the nail with his beak. They dropped to the floor. They were too heavy for him to easily fly with them in his beak, but with both mine, and Di Ai’s now enthusiastic encouragement, he was able to drag them along the dusty stone floor to the point where I could reach out through the bars and grab them. 
I was telling Kee how smart a bird he was as I found the key to unlock the cell door. He was hopping about as excited as I was, and when I stepped out, flew to my shoulder.
‘Yep, Kee, that’s where you belong, mate.’ I said, as I stepped around to unlock Di Ai’s cell door. 
‘I have to admit that you’re a smart crow, Kee,’ said Di Ai, giving him a little pat on his head. ‘A good bird.’ 
He took her praise and pat, without the usual clucking.
‘Do we now have a plan?’ I asked as we hurried over to the rack to collect our gear, including Di Ai’s revolver, and my walking stick.
‘We slip out and make our way to the hangar. I don’t know what time it is, but since we’re on Ironlode, there’s a good chance that it’s dark,’ she said, slipping the revolver into her shoulder holster. ‘Tarvis gave us the access code, so we should be able to get in with that. If not, you can get us in. The hanger likely has a radio – and if not, we can use the ones in the emergency space suits that should be on hand in the hangar. In any event, we’ll need to borrow two and call for a lift from one of my mates once we’re on the other side of the wall. I don’t think we have enough evidence to call in the Guards or Patrol. So we just get out and make our report.’
‘Right. I agree completely.’ It was a program I could endorse without a second thought.
Grabbing the slowly fading lantern from its nail,  I hurried up the steps behind Di Ai, with Kee riding on my shoulder.
As we turned to climb the last series, we came face to face with Tarvis Byn near the top of the steps.
Kee said, ‘Caw’ softly in my ear.
‘Yah,’ I agreed, under my breath.



02
‘I’m impressed. Very impressed,’ Byn said in a near whisper, looking down at us with his cool smile while shaking his head as he pulled up short. ‘How in the Neb did you get free?’
‘Shoot him in the knees,’ I hissed to Di Ai. ‘Quick.’
‘Hardly necessary. I was on my way to spring you,’ he continued, with that easy smile of his. ‘Besides shooting me will make too much noise.’
‘Don’t believe him. Don’t take chances. Shoot him.’
‘Quiet, d’Mere. What are you doing here, Tarvis?’
‘As I said, I was on my way to free you. We don’t have time now for a long explanation. I can’t guarantee that I slipped out of the Count’s main castle below undetected. Didn’t have time to discover what sort of security system he employs – if any. But with the heightened senses of the Count, and the fact that he doesn’t completely trust me....’
‘Who can?’ I muttered. 
‘We need to move fast,’ he continued, ignoring me.
‘You betrayed us to the Count,’ said Di Ai. ‘We could’ve taken them if you had ambushed the Count.’
‘Questionable. He’s very strong. I wanted to get you into Castle Crag to collect the evidence we need. And here we are…’ he said, spreading his arms. ‘However, from what I’ve been shown, we’re not likely going to find anything too useful. It’s little more than a collection of the best med-units in the Unity. Perfectly legal. It’s how he uses them that makes his operation illegal. ’
‘I still want to see them,’ snapped Di Ai.  ‘Lead the way.’
‘Good. Follow me. It’s the middle of the night – no one should be around –  but I’m still uneasy,’  said Byn, turning and starting up the stairs again. We followed.
As we climbed the last of the stairs, Byn continued in a quiet voice, ‘What we’re looking for will be in the upper floors of this building. I did see what may be the control desk that he uses to direct his augmented creatures. And he has an office with an info-system that may contain his patient records. But everything has a biometric lock and we don’t have time for me to crack that. All I think we have time for is a quick look-see.’
‘There are the werewolves,’ I said. ‘Illegally bio-engineering creatures.’
‘Right. And you saw and hopefully recorded them when you arrived,’ he said as we reached the ground level of the keep. ‘This way,’ he added, as he hurried on ahead, a dark shape in the feeble light of our lantern.
‘I’ve had a long chat with Duke Dyzar and from what he says, there is nothing that we can do that will bring him to justice in the Unity. The Count is also the King’s uncle. They won’t turn him over for making better people, or even bigger wolves, for that matter.’
‘What about the attempted murder of your colleagues?’ I asked.
‘Trespassers. Smugglers of illegal technology. Criminals,’ rapped Byn. ‘We’d be lucky not to end up in an Ironlode jail for years. Now, up these stairs. Record what you see. I’ll give you three minutes. If I work fast, I might be able to secure the memory chip from his info-desk. It may contain information that might prove helpful in locating where his patients have ended up.’
‘Right. Do it. I don’t want to leave empty handed,’ said Di Ai, starting up the steps behind Byn. ‘We don’t want to be go-fers our entire career. We need to show them we’re good. I’m sure you can handle the Count if he should show up.’
‘As much as I don’t want to be a go-fer, I’m not anxious to take on the Count, so don’t dawdle,’ he replied, taking the stairs two steps at a time. 
We caught Byn’s urgency and followed him up, skipping steps ourselves.
He stopped at the door at the top of the stairs. ‘The Count’s office is above the med-facility. Get your images, I’ll tackle the info-desk. Remember, three minutes, and then it’s down, out, and along the ridge wall to Balweere and the hangar. Are we all clear on that?’
‘Yes.’
‘And I’d appreciate it if you turned over your revolver to me, Laya. I can put it to better use than you can, should we run into trouble.’
Without a word, she handed it over to him. Di Ai had great faith in her instincts, and apparently in Byn. I didn’t know what Byn’s game was – or who he was playing for – but it seemed that Di Ai still trusted him, so I didn’t have a choice. I wasn’t the one holding the revolver.
We filed into a large dark room that occupied an entire floor of the keep. Flashing the lantern around, I could see a number of med-machines of various sizes and complexity with their treatment beds, spider-like treatment arms, and movable sensor/healer units set against the four stone walls. 
‘There’s the desk that I suspect he uses to control his pets,’ Byn said, pointing to a desk with a bank of viewscreens and a wired, high bandwidth, com-link resting on the desk. ‘Get your images, I’ll be back down in three minutes,’ whispered Byn as he headed for the stairway set in the stone wall.
I wasn’t sure why we were whispering – if there was a modern security system installed, whispers wouldn’t keep us undetected. Perhaps it was just the atmosphere of the place, time, and mission.
There wasn’t much of any real interest to see – all the med-units were perfectly legal in the Unity, though ironically, outlawed in the Iron Kingdom. I handed Di Ai the lantern to record the visual images that her eyes captured to her neural implant. ‘I’ll help Byn,’ I whispered, and followed him up, Kee on my shoulder.
I lacked Di Ai’s faith in him.
This room also occupied the entire upper floor of the keep. Unlike the windowless room below, there were tall, narrow windows on all four sides, illuminating the room with a faint blue light, save for the dark alcoves in the corner turrets.  Large overstuffed furniture and thick rugs were scattered around the room with a large desk in the center.
Byn turned to me and in the faint light, raised an inquiring eyebrow.
‘Evidence,’ I whispered, pointing to my eyes.
He shrugged, and stepped over to the large desk. He quickly and silently swept the antique looking lamp and odds and ends off the desk top and set them on to the floor. He lifted the desk, setting it on its side so that he could reach the info-unit under the desktop. He crouched down and drawing a thin wallet out from the inner pocket of his jacket, he selected a knife or more likely burglar tool and with it, quickly detached the access panel. Selecting a second tool, he found and secured the memory-unit within a half a minute. He rose, nodded, and pointed to the door.
I followed him back to the med-unit room.
‘Enough?’ he whispered.
Di Ai nodded. We filed through the door, and down the dark stairs, illuminated by the lantern in Di Ai’s hands. We reached the ground floor, and made our way to the great room of the lower keep.
‘Caw,’ said Kee on my shoulder, softly, 
Caw, indeed. Faintly silhouetted in the nebula light from the keep’s main door was the square figure of the Count, flanked by his two loyal gamekeepers. 
‘What are you up to, Byn,’ he growled.
‘I’m doing my best to save you, Doc,’ replied Byn easily enough.
‘It doesn’t look that way from here,’ said the Count in a low, menacing rumble.
‘Ah. I’m sure it doesn’t, from where you’re standing. But that’s the problem. You don’t know what is good for you.’
‘I don’t, but you do?’
‘Right. The King will protect you – but only up to a point. And as I know your nephew explained to you, murder is likely beyond that point. As is kidnapping and unauthorized medical augmentation. Do you want to undergo augmentation, Laya?’ he asked, turning to her.
‘No.’ she replied.
Turning back to the Count, he continued. ‘See, she doesn’t want to be treated by you. Keep her here against her will, and you’ll have the Civic Guards and Patrol down on you, and the King won’t lift a finger to protect you.’
He shook his head. ‘They won’t dare run the risk. Balsa won’t let them. No king of the Iron Kingdom will allow the Unity to stick even a finger into the Iron Kingdoms. They never have and never will.’
‘It won’t be a question of allowing. It’ll be a question of dealing with the consequences of a raid that will take you – even as augmented as you are, and destroying Castle Crag and all your creatures. They’ll wipe your mind clean, and find something legal for you to use your strengths for. But your life’s work will be wiped clean. Is that what you want, Doc?’
‘I tell you, they won’t dare. They need our metals too much to risk it.’
Byn shook his head. ‘You’re wrong. While the Fallen Moon is ringed by mines, refineries and factories that are owned by the nobility of the Iron Kingdoms – they are in Unity jurisdiction. The Unity can simply cut the Iron Kingdom from the equation and take direct control of all those facilities. Neither King Balsa nor any of the other kings will risk that for your sake, Doc. Trust me. None of them want to live their entire lives in the Iron Kingdoms.’
‘We’ll see,’ growled the Count. ‘I’ve got a cell that will hold you, Byn. So make your choice, the cell or me?’
I will say this for Byn. He made his choice. And fast.
A flash of light briefly illuminated the hall as the sharp crack of Di Ai’s revolver echoed in the shadows.
The Count crumpled to the stone floor as one of his legs gave out.
‘Drop your guns,’ barked Byn, pulling the smoking revolver out of his coat pocket, from where he had fired it.
‘Shoot’em,’ growled the Count, rising on one knee and reaching for the massive long gun he had dropped. 
But before he could reach it, Byn in a blur of speed, reached it first and kicked it off into the shadows. ‘Drop them or I’ll drop you,’ he barked again, even as he danced back to avoid the Count’s angry lunge.
They did, the rifles clattering to the stone floor.
Even with a bullet in his leg, the Count could move fast. He lunged for one of the dropped weapons. Byn’s foot reached it a fraction of a second first, and sent it flying. 
The Count grabbed the ankle of Byn’s planted leg, to pull him close and down.
Byn spun and danced, keeping his balance and stomped on the hand that the Count had his ankle in, tearing himself free of the Count’s grip.
He sprang over the crouching Count in a flash. With another kick, he sent one of the gamekeepers who was reaching for this dropped rifle flying. A second kick sent the rifle clattering across the stone floor into the shadows in the opposite direction.
He turned to us. ‘Go. Now. I’ll stay back for a bit to make sure you’ve got a good head start. Don’t wait for me. I can look after myself.’ he rapped.
‘We should all get out, together,’ Di Ai said to Byn. 
He shook his head. ‘No. I’ll be fine. Go.’
She hesitated.
‘Let’s lift. The sooner we’re safe, the safer Byn will be,’ I said, reaching for her arm to drag her, if necessary.
She gave Byn a long look, and reluctantly nodded. 
I realized that with her reluctance to leave Byn, Lieutenant JG Tau and I were out of luck.
‘Take care, Byn,’ I said, and pulling her by her arm, added,. ‘Let’s lift.’ 
 As we started for the open door at a run, Kee took to the air.
‘Stop’em!’ bellowed the Count, though neither of his gamekeepers were likely to try very hard, in the company of Byn.
We emerged into the nebula lit night, and raced down the central plaza for the upper gate along the dome wall. 
Castle Crag defied its appearance – it proved not to be entirely uninhabited. Dim lights glimmered in the windows of several chambers on either side of us. Their inhabitants, no doubt awakened by the crack of Di Ai’s revolver, flung doors open as we passed, figures silhouetted in their candle-like light.
‘Get’em!’ came the echoing bellow of the Count from the towering keep behind us. ‘Don’t let them escape!’
Still befuddled by sleep, the figures along the way were not quite up to the task of capturing the fleeting shadows of Di Ai and me. And I didn’t think they’d have any better luck catching Byn, when he chose to run.
The gamekeepers and staff of Castle Crag were not the only ones awoken by the revolver fire. The wolves were awake and restless as we rounded the corner and raced by their cages for the upper gate, which was, thankfully, open.
We made the gate without pursuit, and followed the dome wall – slower now, as the ground was more uneven. And we had to slow even further on reaching the rubble of the old town wall, to scramble over it, using our hands to keep from tripping. Once over it, we set out again at full speed.
The muscle tone and stamina that I had built up during my half a year on Fairwaine had already begun to fade, so I was soon huffing and puffing.
‘Are you going to make it, d’Mere,’ asked Di Ai, running easily beside me.
‘I’ll... make… it,’ I got out. ‘Little… out… of shape… That’s… all.’
‘I can slow the pace,’ she said, easily.
‘No... I’ll… catch my… breath… in… Ravenhall.’
Several minutes of jogging – I was no doubt holding Di Ai back – brought the welcome sight of the dome gate to Balweere Valley just ahead. Along with a thankfully distant uproar of howling and baying from behind us.
‘Byn must be on his way,’ said Di Ai, glancing back.
She was right, but not entirely right, but we didn’t find that out until after we had crossed over into the Balweere Valley and were racing (a slight exaggeration) along the dome wall for the hangar that Byn had assured us lay ahead.
The baying behind us suddenly increased in volume. Looking back, I could see scores of dark shapes flowing out of the gate from the Siltear Valley. The wolves were loose and on the hunt. For us. And they weren’t out of shape spaceers.
‘Caw, caw!’ shrieked Kee from above. A needless warning.
‘Run on… ahead,’ I panted. ‘Don’t… hold back… on my… account. I’ll… beat’em… off… with my… walking… stick.’
‘Not likely,’ was Di Ai's only response. She didn’t pick up her pace.
Glancing back again, I could see the pack of wolves streaking towards us in graceful bounds. 
There was a faint crack of gunfire behind us. Byn? Or the Count and his men?
And then the wolves were running alongside us – dark shadows against the black pine forest on our right.
I dropped back behind Di Ai as we edged close to the wall, to limit our exposure to any wolves that cared to have a go at us.
For the first minute or so, they seemed content to pace us – baying and snarling to show us their teeth. I gripped the walking stick near its bottom to give me as much reach to beat off any bold wolf that cared to have a crack at us with its large brass knob.
Several began to edge closer, now just loping along at an easy pace for them.
I glanced ahead. The hangar was still hidden behind the forest as the dome wall curved inwards. 
We were just jogging now – the best pace I could maintain. The wolves were now ahead of us as well, but were still keeping their distance – gradually shrinking that distance – with the bolder ones edging close enough that I could probably have reached out and bashed them. But being a peaceful man, I wasn’t going to start a fight with a dozen plus wolves if I could help it.
One of them, however, had other ideas, and darted for me. I swung my stick, giving it a hard slash that struck its snout not a hand’s length from my trousers with a satisfying ‘thunk.’  It whimpered and dropped back, as the rest of the pack bayed even louder – either in derision or encouragement.
Kee loudly taunted it from above with his “caws-caws.” 
Even so, another of the pack decided to have another go. But this time, I didn’t wait until it made his move, but flayed out with my stick as soon as one came in range. It swerved to avoid it, and fell back again.
But I was slowing… And the pack was still edging closer.
There was another crack of gunfire from behind us. Glancing back I didn’t see Byn, as I had hoped to see charging to the rescue. I was disappointed, no, I was alarmed. What I saw instead was several large bounding black shapes against the pale dome wall. The Count had unleashed his werewolves. 
What they could do without augmented directions from the Count or their handlers, was an open question. Unless, of course, the Count had somehow made his way to his com-link station. But then, the regular wolves seemed to know what to do without the Count steering them…
‘Lift!’ I puffed. ‘Get... to the hangar. I’ve run… as far… as I can. I’ll… hold them off… Byn… should… be along… anytime.’ I pulled up panting, and braced myself against the dome wall to make my stand.
Di Ai pulled up as well, but I pushed her away. ‘Go, Call for help. I can hold them off here.’
She hesitated for a moment, nodded, and took off at a good pace.
Splitting our forces confused the pack momentarily, before they decided to settle for the weaker prey. Me. They pulled up to form a semi-circle around me, growling, showing me their teeth, with a clear intention of using them.
‘Who’s… going… to be first… in line… for… a headache?’ I panted, swishing my walking stick club around.
Kee settled on the wall above me, to taunt them with his loud, raw ‘caw-caws.’ 
And for perhaps ten seconds, we all considered what we were going to do next. As it turned out for the wolf pack – they waited too long – or just long enough, perhaps. The first of the bear-sized werewolves scattered the circle of standard-sized wolves with its arrival.
There was another crack of gunfire, but I kept my eye on the great wolf before me – and his dark eyes on me.
It slowly opened its jaws, showing all its teeth, and grinned. I shortened my grip on my stick to give it a stronger bash, and waited for its move.
I didn’t have to wait long.
It lunged.
I struck, bashing its snout with a thump. 
It pulled up short. 
Kee attacked from above, nipping an ear as it fluttered down and by.
It reared back, and lunged again. 
I struck again with all my strength.
Its jaws clamped down on my arm, preventing my blow from reaching its head, and sending a sharp bolt of pain shooting up my arm. It twisted its massive head, dragging me off my feet and onto my knees.
There was a brief flash and a muffled crack.
Looking up, I saw Byn beside me with Di Ai’s smoking revolver held against the head of the werewolf that had me down.
The creature’s grip on my wrist slackened and dropped away, helped by a kick from Byn.
Byn grabbed me under my good arm and lifted me to my feet. ‘We need to go – there are more of them than I have bullets remaining,’ he said, with a grin.
I could only nod, and off we went – Byn all but carrying me along with his long strides. The most I could do was to keep my legs moving just enough to keep from being dragged along. Not that I complained – we were almost flying. 
A minute later we reached the large spaceboat hangar set into the dome wall. Di Ai had just finished punching in the code to open its steel, access door.
Glancing back I was shocked to discover the Count racing for us – with a notable limp, but racing nevertheless – surrounded by his pack of wolves, who were bounding alongside of him and jumping about like puppies.
He pulled up short, lifted his large barrelled weapon and fired.
The blast of his weapon reached us as chips flew off the wall just above us. We could hear the roar of his curses as he cursed the wolves to Neb for bumping the weapon just as he fired.
‘You can’t keep the Count down for long, with just one bullet,’  said Byn, with a grin. ‘Hurry up, Laya. We want to be inside – before he can reload and get off another shot.’
The heavy airlock door swung in, and with a shove from Byn, I stumbled into the dim-lit hangar behind Di Ai. Byn followed me in and swinging about slammed the close button on the side panel.
Looking about I spied the Duke’s trim space yacht that took up less than a third of the large hangar. 
‘There’s the spacesuit lockers, get in them fast,’ said Byn. ‘I’ll hold the fort while you do. No doubt the Doc has the access code.’
We didn’t argue, but raced to a row of lockers along the wall.
There were a dozen light spacesuits hanging in the lockers, in several sizes. Di Ai and I each grabbed one, and swiftly climbed in and sealed it within half a minute – with years of Patrol practice behind us, though it took me longer, since I found that I only had the use of one fully functional arm. I could barely use my right hand or bend my fingers without a conscious effort to ignore the pain I knew it would involve. I discovered that my jacket cuff was red and soggy with blood from the werewolf’s bite. Still, it could’ve been far worse.
Di Ai, still fastening the suit, called out to Byn. ‘Give me the revolver and get suited. I’ll guard the door.’
‘Remember you only have one shot left,’ he said with a grin, as a light on the panel beside the door came on – indicating that the access code was being punched in on the other side. He slammed the “Close” button, which kept the door from opening, momentarily.
‘Hold the button for a moment, Byn,’ I exclaimed, racing for the hangar’s outer door’s control panel. ‘An open hangar door will keep that door from opening. A fail-safe precaution. As soon as it’s open, get suited up. Di Ai can help you if you’re not familiar with the procedure.’
He grinned and nodded.
On reaching the large hangar door, I hit the manual open button. Blue lights came on as the wide hangar door began to lift and the air in the hangar began to rush out under it. To give time for Byn to suit up –and  for me to seal my hood – I hit the “Stop” button with the hangar door less than ankle high. Just enough to activate the fail-safe. The hangar had enough air to lose to give Byn time to suit up.
Just as Byn had finished suiting up, the hangar door jerked and started down again. It seemed that the Count figured out why his door wasn’t opening and was now trying to close the outer door from his side. 
I hit the “Stop” button on my side, preventing that gambit, and switched on the suit’s radio, ‘Will one of you find something to jam under this door to prevent it from closing, while I hold the button down?’
Di Ai dashed back into the spacesuit locker and returned with a breather pack that was just thin enough to shove under the hangar door.
‘Right, let’s lift,’ she said, straightening up. ‘We’ll call for a medic. That should get our fastest response.’
As we gathered by the personnel hatch, waiting for it to cycle open, I turned to Byn, ‘Thanks for saving my life, back there. Much appreciated. I’m glad Di Ai didn’t take my advice, though you could’ve given us a hint as to the game you were playing.’
‘My pleasure. I’m used to playing the game solo, but in this case, doubly so. The Count may not be the most sensitive person you’ll ever meet, but with our enhanced senses, we can closely observe people and note small reactions. It’s not an empty boast that we can smell fear and anger. To be on the safe side, your reactions had to be authentic. My betrayal had to appear real.’
‘It worked, at least for me. Though...’ I added, with a glance to Di Ai.
She caught my glance, and maybe even blushed, and said, ‘Oh, I was angry enough. Still, in the end, I trust my instincts. And I trusted Tarvis,’ she said simply, and hurried out, as the personnel hatch opened before us. 
Byn gave me a grin, and a shrug. And he too, might’ve been blushing when he followed Di Ai out.
We found ourselves on a large, brightly lit landing pad that overlooked a dark, airless valley. Arching overhead was the clear bright and dark nebula laced sky of the Nine Star Nebula. As soon as we were clear of the hangar, Di Ai began to call for an emergency med-response team using the spacesuit’s radio. She got an immediate response, and quickly filled them in on our location and circumstances. 
And then we stood about to await their arrival, Di Ai switched to the local radio band and asked Byn, ‘How did you convince the Count to trust you?’
‘I didn’t. Not completely, anyway. He knows that people like us can never be completely trustworthy. Being enhanced gives you a different perspective. Being physically superior gives one leave to imagine that we are superior – and above normal values. The Count may have imagined from his own experience, that being a free agent, unshackled of bureaucratic oversight, offered me much more than any Patrol position could ever offer. In that light, he accepted my change of heart, but clearly tentatively. And unwisely.’
‘So you’re saying that you can’t be trusted?’ I asked.
‘Let’s say that I can’t be trusted to follow rules and regulations in circumstances where they make no sense to me. I’m never going to be blindly loyal. The only ties that bind me are those of friendship… and affection,’ he added with a glance in Di Ai’s direction.
I must admit that I believed him.
‘And what about the Duke. He seems to have a rather muddled role in this affair,’ I asked to change the subject.
‘The first thing you need to know is that the Duke is also augmented. He let his uncle try various treatments on him off and on over the years – with no particular aim in mind, it seems. It just struck him as too good of thing to pass up.
‘So, remember what I just said about our values? The Duke found himself caught in the middle of an uncle who he felt was running amok, and trying to keep his dukedom running smoothly and stayin the King’s favor.  He felt that he had to play both ends against the middle. He had to pick up after the Count in order to mitigate the inevitable consequences of the Count’s ruthlessness. At the same time, he did not care to give him away. Blood thicker than water and all that. 
He felt that since the Count’s operation would likely be protected by the King against outside interference as long as it didn’t involve the murder of two of our agents. That, he rightly felt would not be overlooked. The Patrol would act, and act without regard to political consequences. The ensuing trouble for the King might be passed down to the unfortunate Duke who had allowed it to happen in the first place. So the Duke’s plan is, or was, to take charge of the Count’s victims, treat them for the poison, administer a mind-wipe, and ship them offworld, to muddy the waters as to what was done and by whom, and without a trigger for drastic action on the Unity side. He hoped to play the responsible adult, in both the eyes of the King and Unity.’
‘How did you learn about this?’ I asked.
‘The day after your dinner with him, I decided to have a closer look into Balweere Castle. I slipped in during the afternoon darkness, as I reported, if you recall. I didn’t, however, go into the details. They were somewhat embarrassing.  Oh, I got into the castle itself just fine. But I made too much noise while looking around – too much for an augmented person to ignore, anyway. The Duke heard me moving about and surprised me while I was inspecting the castle’s security system...’ he laughed softly. ‘There was a brief scuffle, but as soon as we realized that we were both augmented – and he recognized me from my stay with his uncle a while back –  we broke into laughter. After that we had a long discussion over cha and dinner afterwards. We came up with the plan to allow us to get the evidence we were charged with acquiring with a visit to Castle Crag. Remember, the Duke didn’t think that it alone would be enough to force the King to turn over the Count for crimes outside of Ironlode. Since any surreptitious expedition would likely fail, just as my expedition to Balweere castle had failed – for the same reason. So, we decided to get you inside it would have to be with his knowledge, and then deal with the gathering the evidence from there. To do that, I would have to be invited to the castle. My offer to change sides was sent along to the Count, and after a discussion – my gripes about my treatment by the ICD were, and are, real enough, so he accepted my explanation and desertion, or appeared to anyway. 
‘I probably could’ve stolen the patient data without your help. However, that wasn’t our main objective. It was to acquire enough evidence to allow the Unity to put an end to the Count’s activities. And I couldn’t do that on my own, so I had to get someone who could. Which is why I led you to be captured and taken to the castle.’
‘Seeing that the Count doesn’t seem to mind murdering people, that would’ve seemed to be a little risky,’ I said.
He shrugged. ‘Oh, there was a small risk – double games are risky. But running a few risks is why we earn the credits we do. Plus, I don’t really care to be treated as a go-fer. I thought the potential of pulling off our mission on our own warranted any risk involved.’
‘You could’ve told me. I can get mad, if I care to,’ said Di Ai. ‘If we’re to be partners going forward, I don’t want to be kept in the dark.’
Byn bobbed his head. ‘Sorry. Old habits. Working alone.’
‘I’ll forgive you, this time… But in the future...’
‘A team.’
‘Right,’ said Di Ai. ‘A team.’
‘Well, I better go and guard the hangar personnel door, just in case the Doc decides to tear off that door and come after us, vacuum, notwithstanding.’
I think he was joking. But then again, with the Count anything was possible.



Chapter 13  Ravenhall Again



It took an hour on the treatment table of the Ravenhall Med Center to heal the puncture and the fractured bones in my wrist. And it took a day of filtering my blood to eliminate the micro-organisms in the werewolf’s saliva that produced the toxin that caused the coma in the two agents, that, if untreated, would lead to an eventual death.
Di Ai and Byn looked in briefly, but they were very heavily tangled up in the very messy affair between their Interplanetary Crime Directorate superiors, the Ironlode Guard and Patrol, the Duke of Balweere, and the office of King Balsa of Hunsara, together with the Count of Siltear raging about trespass, theft, and attempted murder in the background. I was quite content to hang about the Med Center.
‘Make yourself at home at the flat when they release you, Rafe,’ said Di Ai on her way out.
The following day, upon being released, my first stop was the Iron Kingdom Tours office at The Wall to collect the clothes and gear I’d left behind when entering the Iron Kingdoms. My second stop was the Guild Hall to put my name on the available list as either an engineer or systems tech. I’d seen all I wanted to see of Ironlode. I wasn’t quite ready to sign on to a small planet trader yet, but if necessary…
I then had an excellent meal in the restaurant’s garden during the bright height of the mild evening, though I missed my usual dining partner, Kee, who hadn’t followed us into the hangar.
Di Ai was home, sprawled half on, half off of a sofa, when I arrived back at her flat.
‘How’s it going?’ I asked, taking a seat beside her.
‘Pff!’ she said, blowing a stray strand of hair off her nose. ‘It’s going. In about a dozen different directions.’
‘Some good directions?’
‘Well, Dyzar has proven to be very helpful – even if he could be considered an accomplice. He directed us to the location of our agents’ sleeper pods. We just collected them and have taken them to the Med Center for treatment…. I’m hoping that Tarvis and I can settle things here before they feel up to taking charge again...’
‘Don’t care to share the glory?’
‘Ha! If I thought we could share the blame with them, I’d welcome their return...’
‘But?’
‘All of the iffy stuff happened after they were out of the action.’
‘Because they tripped up and got themselves put out of action.’ 
‘True. But you know the Patrol, or at least you tell me you do –  all the time –  d’Mere. I’m not sure where exactly we stand with the powers that be. It’s pretty clear that we’re not going to be able to bring Count Siltear to justice within the Unity – not without a major political storm, anyway. Not that there’s not a political storm already. The Count is raging about Unity agents invading his domain with illegal technology – that would be our first team – the theft of valuable information, the destruction of valuable test animals, plus an assault with a deadly weapon on his person. All true, but all as a result of an investigation into the patently illegal activity by the Count, including several attempted murders and a kidnapping. 
‘Our activities can certainly be justified – the data we stole from the Count’s info-system should help us trace his customers and creations – and yet we can still be criticized for the, shall we say, inelegant way we went about them. I suspect that it will all come down to spinning a token and seeing what side it lands on – praised or blasted.’
The door chimed.
Di Ai glanced over to the flat’s control panel. ‘Tarvis,’ she said to me, and ‘Open the front door,’ to the panel.
Byn strode in carrying a cage with a black bird in it. It said ‘Kee!’
He opened the cage and Kee hopped out and flew to my knees to look up at me. ‘Kee,’ he exclaimed, as did I, with a wide smile.
‘How did you get here?’ I asked him.
‘Kee,’ he said, glancing back at a grinning Byn.
‘He showed up on the terrace of the Duke’s castle, asking for d’Mere, or begging for dinner – hard to tell.’ 
‘Same thing,’ muttered Di Ai.
‘I asked him if he missed his dinner partner,’ continued Byn. ‘He seemed to indicate that he did. I was talking to the Count about Kee here. He said that he probably knows the meaning of at least a hundred words between his native intelligence, training, and the modest augmentation he was subjected to. So I’m pretty sure he understood my question. And he hopped into the cage without a fuss when I said he needed to in order to see you. No doubt he’s familiar with cages. In any event, here he is – and he’s your problem now.’
‘Kee’s no problem. He’s a shipmate. Though I’ll have to note him on my Guild profile. He shouldn’t be an issue. Bird pets are usually welcomed aboard ships’ I said, giving Kee a pat on his head, adding, ‘Do you want to run off to space Kee? It will be a very different life than the one you’ve known. A serious choice.’
‘Kee,’ he replied readily enough. 
‘So what are your plans, d’Mere?’ asked Byn.
‘My plan is to take the first Guild berth off of Ironlode to anywhere that is offered. So if you need me for anything, now is the time to say so.’
‘I think…’ began Di Ai with a glance to Byn, ‘I think that all we will need from you is a written report about your experiences in Hunsara, including the werewolf on the road, and the attack in Siltear for the Hunsara authorities. The Count can raise what fuss he likes – but he’s far from innocent. We want to establish that with the Hunsaraian authorities and the King. Probably the less said about your involvement to our superiors, the better. I know that you’re very allergic to the Patrol. And in this case, the quicker you’re gone, the better it will be for all of us.’
‘Oh, that reminds me. They asked me to give you this,’ Byn said, drawing an envelope out of his pocket.
‘What is it? And who’s they?’
‘They are people, and they didn’t say,’ he said with a shrug.
I opened it, and pulled out a small card. It read; “SSD Dept57-3 Account no.” and gave a five digit number followed by “Vistrain, CDR.” and a date, two months prior.
‘What is it, d’Mere?’ asked Di Ai leaning over to look as I stared at it.
‘I think it’s a joke,’ I muttered.
Byn shook his head. ‘No. I gather that they’ve been trying to track you down to give it to you. It’s legit. I’d say that it looks like you have an account to draw on for incidental expenses, d’Mere. Probably standard procedure for Department 57 subsection 3 agents. I would’ve thought you knew that.’
I shoved the card back in the envelope. ‘I’m not an agent, and never was.’
‘Right,’ laughed Di Ai. ‘I know that you have to say that. You’re that good.’
There’s a lesson here somewhere. When you claim to be both, you are neither, and both. There was nothing I could say, except, ‘I suspect that my parents decided to make something more of their ungrateful and shiftless son by drawing me back into the Patrol with my own lies. They have the pull to do it. Indeed, I seem to recall that Commander Vistrain was a frequent guest at the parties my parents enjoyed throwing.’
‘There you go, d’Mere. No good deed goes unrewarded in the Patrol,’ laughed Di Ai.
‘I believe it’s “unpunished.”’
‘Either way,’ laughed Di Ai. ‘And both, as I’m sure Tarvis and I will soon find out for ourselves.’

Little more remains to be recorded. Kee and I signed on to the Harvest Moon two days later, without the Patrol requesting any mind-probe evidence from me at Di Ai’s request, on the grounds that SSD Dept 57-3 agents are shy fellows whose mission requires that they steer well clear of the Patrol in order to acquire the intelligence they’re charged with turning up.
I had a chance to say my goodbyes to Di Ai, and Byn, before lifting. I wished them, as well as their careers, all the best. Byn could look after Di Ai better than I could. I found I could do so without resentment. And well, partnerships that last a lifetime of two centuries are extremely rare. We’d have to see how my memory of Vaun Di Ai aged. And who she’d be when she’s a retired admiral. I sent a radio-packet to Lieutenant JG Lye Tau suggesting that he move on as well.
Nagar, second engineer of the Harvest Moon, had a colorful parrot, Min, with a large vocabulary, which provided a stark contrast to my black crow with his very limited one. Still Min and Kee delighted with each other’s company. And I, at least, could see just how much smarter Kee was, even if he kept his brilliance hidden under his dark cloak of feathers.
