SHIPYARD DREAMS


By
M.A. D’Alessandro IV



SMASHWORDS
SECOND EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY
M.A. D’Alessandro IV on Smashwords


Shipyard Dreams
Copyright © 2013 by M.A. D’Alessandro IV


BY
EDITED
Tony “Uncle” Gazpacho


COVER ART BY
M.A. D’Alessandro IV



Thank you for choosing Shipyard Dreams.  All Characters and vessels were created by M.A. D’Alessandro IV and are purely a product of the author’s imagination.  Some references may be loosely based on historical events.  This was not meant to be political in anyway; simply for enjoyment.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.  Some inspiration was drawn from TYPE O NEGATIVE’S “Todd’s Ship Gods (Above All Things)”


*****


Thanks to all the support that I have received along the way.
Dedicated to Heather and Dale; if it wasn’t for the two of you this book would still be just a thought hidden deep in my imagination, and to Tony for keeping me on track.



SHIPYARD DREAMS


*****


Faded Shipyard Pictures


I often lie awake at night dreaming of the images of vessels in heated combat, vanquishing pirates off the orbit of some distant world.  With new frontiers comes unknown danger.  Many people claim that these pirates are the rebels that had refused to conform to the League of Venian Nations after the last war my world had seen; others claim that they are war criminals attempting to escape justice.  The reality of it all is that these individuals would choose to participate in these terrible acts regardless of the outcome of the war; even if their side had won, they would still commit these crimes.  They are not the misunderstood heroes that search for liberty and an unmonitored way of life, but marauding villains, hiding in the shadows; operated on the fringe of society, the law, and worst of all the fringe of morality.  Living for one’s own personal gain; to kill, rape, and pillage all that they want, destroying anyone and anything that they cannot benefit from.  Utter disregard for the fragility of life.

This particular morning, I rise earlier than usual; heading to the kitchen to make some coffee for Uncle and me.  I hear my mother’s sweet voice gently calling my name from her open door.  I make my way inside to find her in good spirits.  My mother is very ill and must spend her days attached to machines that keep her alive.

“Eldon”, she calls in her wavering voice.  “Come look at the wonderful sunrise.”

“Ma”, I respond quite surprised.  “Good morning, you seem to be doing well today.”

“Look”, she motions with her gaze out the open window.  “This is my favorite time of day.  I remember when you were just a baby; I use to sit and rock you in that old chair.  We would sit quietly letting in the cool morning breeze waft through the open window.  The sun would just be peering over the horizon and the only sound that could be heard was the calling of the gulls off in the harbor.  Then the sound of your Father’s train would be heard screeching its breaks as it pulled into his stop.  I knew he would be home in just a short while.  I would brew some coffee and we would be waiting for him as he returned to us from his shift.”

My heart is full of sadness at these words.  I can almost hear in her sweet voice that she wishes we could return to those days.  I walk over kissing her on her forehead; I gently scoop her frail body up in my arms and hold her tight to me.  I cradle her in my arms as we sit in that old rocking chair greeting the day just as we had all those years ago.  My Father was killed in one of the deadliest accidents in the development of the Ion drive system.  That was seventeen years ago.  I don’t remember much of him; I was only three years old when it happened.  Even today people are still learning how to harvest this unstable power.

I stroke her thin, short hair as the morning sun breaks the art deco skyline of my beloved city, New Vandenberg.  The wind carries in the old familiar sound of the gulls circling the gothic silhouette of the Roebling Bridge.  I can almost see the dock where I work from here, where I have worked since I finished school three years ago.  New Vandenberg is one of the capitol cities of my home world of Vena.  There is no shortage of vessels entering and leaving the atmosphere streaking the skyline with their vapor trails.

She looks up at me with her loving blue eyes; the only part of her that has not faded and says, “I love you Eldon.”

“I love you too Ma.”

“You must promise me one thing”, she begins.  “You must not let anything come between you and your dreams.  I know that I will not be here much longer.  Life is short and fragile, and this is why you must live to the fullest.”

“I will Ma, I promise.”

Mother has dozed back to sleep.  It broke our hearts when we received word that her condition had worsened.  This news arrived about two months ago.  The doctors did not give her much time.  Maybe two more months at the most; if she fights hard she may get three.  I sit a while longer rocking her in our old chair as tears begin to roll down my cheeks.  How much longer will I have her?  But to be fair to her, how much longer must she suffer?  This question can only be answered by the gods, and then I often wonder if they really have a plan for us or are we just forsaken souls hurling through space and time.  Now, now, relax you must not lose faith!  Mother is right I must make my life my own.  My destiny is what I make of it.  I gently place her back into bed and ready for work.

Mother was diagnosed with her illness twelve years ago. This terrible news shook the core of our tattered family.  We are poor and cannot afford regular medical checks.  Mother always put my health first; like any mother would do for her child.  She had been exposed to radiation that had attached to Fathers clothing during work at the factory.  The workers were routinely monitored for exposure during their shifts; however no one expected the radiation to cling to their clothing.  At that time no one knew what the health risks were from prolonged exposure.  Many people were affected by this radiation and for some, like my mother, it was too late.

This conversation with Mother has shaken me to the core.  I fumble through my shower then make my way onto the kitchen for breakfast; a shell of a man.  “Eldon, are you alright”, inquires Uncle as he feathers back his grey hair like the bristles of a brush.  “You seem down today son.”

I live with my mother, and her brother, Ebbum; his square jaw and broad nose giving him the looks of a prize fighter.  Uncle moved in with us to help Mother financially after Father’s death.  Uncle Ebbum has become a father to me and has treated me as his son.

“I’m fine Uncle”, I reply.  “I just had a heavy dose of reality, that’s all.”

“How so”, he asks.

“I rose early and Mother was up.”  I wipe my eyes as they begin to tear up, “I know she won’t be with us much longer.  This is something I knew would happen but never really believed it.”

“This is a hard moment in your life when you are faced with the mortality of a loved one”, he begins.  “You were too young to remember the passing of your Father and maybe that was for the best.  I loved your Father as a brother; he was a great man and a good provider.  I miss him terribly, but your Mother is my blood, my little sister, and I too have a hard time coming to terms with her destiny.”  He jams his spoon into the bowl of oatmeal then says, “Eldon life give us tuff pills to swallow, but we have to swallow them down and continue on with life the best way we can.  In fact we must trudge forward and break through the sorrow in order to honor the memory of our loved one.”

“Thank you Uncle; I think I understand.”  I say as I stand up.  “If you will excuse me need to let this sink in before beginning my shift. I’m going to take the long way into work this morning.”

“Very well Eldon; remember you can always talk to me’”, he says with a smile.  “And don’t be late for your shift!”

I grab my lunch pail and catch Uncle gazing down at two old, faded shipyard pictures as I bolt out the door for some fresh air and sunshine.  Uncle Ebbum is my foreman at the dock.  He helped me to get the job when I finished school and I have stuck with it ever since.  We live in a small apartment on the seventh floor of an old walk-up.  It sits smack dap in the middle of MacDougal Street lined with its Linden trees.  I walk past its many store fronts as the shopkeepers begin to roll out their awnings and retract their security gates from large picture windows. I begin my walk down to the corner crossing over Bleecker, and continue south for a few blocks.  Busboys scurry out tables and chairs to the many patio dining areas along my route.  I cross over Canal Street and make my way east towards the harbor.  I can begin to hear the deep bellowing of the ship horns, signaling their arrival into port.

“Hold that cab”, shouts a well dressed man obviously late for something as he cuts across my path oblivious to all else around him.

This is where I encounter the faceless zombies of the financial district as they scurry from subway stops to their pressure box cubicles.  The business women with quaffed hair pined high as dainty hats float atop their heads.  Gloved hands clench ornate purses as strands of pearls frame out elegant skirts with suit jackets; their high heels clack out a rhythmic pace.  Let’s not forget the gentlemen.  Briefcase held firmly in the left hand, matched to their shoes of exotic leather.  Double breasted suits with flowing wide legs; this is what set these white-collar man apart from us blue-collared at church services.  The fedora must never be forgotten with this ensemble or one’s dignity will be smudged.  All of them at a rapid pace; always in a rush to be somewhere, always racing against some invisible clock, but a faceless slave to their work.  This is what I fear the most in my life.

“Morning Eldon”, beams Ralph wearing his hardhat and tinted safety glasses as I arrive to the time clock.  “Are you ready for another day in paradise?”

“You know it”, I say as I force a smile dreading another day of moving containers.  “Is it beer-thirty yet?”

“I wish”, laugh’s Ralph as the whistle blows.

This week has flown by; it is already time for lunch on this fine Friday.  The morning started out foggy but the last bit of it burned off about an hour ago.  I sit alone on a bench just at the top of the grassy embankment that separates the shipyard and the street.  There are many people out for a walk at this time of day.  I’m torn between watching the women pass by or watching the vessels leaving and entering the atmosphere.

I am still fascinated by how these enormous vessels can achieve flight.  This would be impossible if it were not for pioneers like my Father working to harvest Ion energy.  This is primarily used for zero atmosphere travel.  These vessels use a separate nautical drive system; powered by a more traditional and stable fuels.  The strain on the Ion thruster is far too dangerous for prolonged flight in a planet’s atmosphere, and the gravity can cause great stress on the vessels structure.  These vessels are, after all, designed for zero atmosphere flight; this is why they must use the water for takeoff and landings; improvements are being implemented as they are developed.

The truth of the matter is I look at ships all day.  It looks like the women are winning this argument.  These beautiful women stroll by with their silken hair flowing as their perfume tickles my nose when they pass.  With a little luck their floral print dresses flutter in the offshore breeze, opening their dress at the slit, just enough to catch a gimps of their silk stocking, and with the right breeze you can follow the stocking seam all the way up to the ornate garter; all this without having to step foot into a smoky burlesque.  I would much rather sit here the rest of the day than have to move another container.

I take a big bite out of my ham sandwich as I hear a voice from behind me ask, “Looking for adventure young fellow?”

My head snaps about to see who is addressing me, “I beg your pardon”, I ask.  “But are you speaking to me?”

“You are the only person here, young man”, answers the man in uniform.  “Have you ever considered seeing the Wolds of this system?”

“Perhaps”, I reply.

“Have you ever considered a career in the Guardians”, inquires the man.  “I am Master Chief Milford of the United Star System Guardian”, he informs as he removes his hat and extends his right hand.

I place my lunch down and stand to return the hand shake, “I am Eldon Samuelson.”

“So Eldon, have you ever consider joining up”, he states with a smile.  “The Guardians could use a strong, young man such as you.”

“I guess I have never considered it, Sir”, I reply.

“If you have a minute my office is just across the street from here”, he smiles slyly.  “We could go there and discuss this further.”

Feeling a bit pressured I blurt out, “Sorry sir, I have to get back to my shift or they will dock my pay.”

I begin gathering up my belongings as the Master Chief hands me his business card with a pamphlet.  “Well, Eldon, it was nice meeting you”, he states.  “If you have time later swing on by, I’ll be in till 1900.  We can swing by the corner drug store; I’ll buy you malt.”

The USSG, I can’t say that I have ever really seen myself as a soldier.  When the planets formed their union seven years ago; all laws were overseen by the Unified Congress of Helios Carminatus.  Their sessions are held in a manmade orbital station called The Halls of Democracy.  The USSG is the body that tries to maintain the peace and enforce the law.  The USSG patrols harbors and off planetary stations, however in the great Abyss a vessel often needs to rely on its own defenses.  Some planets are unincorporated in this government.  These worlds are territorial and depend on their own private security forces; they do however patrol these areas from just out of orbit.  The USSG is powerful but its reach is still limited. When I was eight, about twelve years ago, the three major world of my star system, Helios Carminatus, have discovered that they were not the only intelligent life spiraling around the giant hydrogen furnace of our sun.  This came about over twenty years after the Great War.  This discovery is the biggest event for my generation.

The USSG would certainly offer up the adventure that I am seeking, but feel that this would greatly diminish my freedom.  I am the type of person that gazes hopelessly at the moons and the stars; wondering just what is out there.  I look down an interesting street and wonder, where does this road lead?  I have a thirst for adventure.  I would probably be sent to some forgotten station hundreds of thousands of kilometers from any excitement at all.  On the other hand I would be part of something greater.  I would be the main line of defense against the pirate scourge.  I just don’t know what I will do; ah the hell with it there is only four more hours till I’m free for the weekend. I think I call up my old school mate Vinnie; we can catch the D-train on out to The Island where we can pick up a few girls, take then dancing, and have a few drinks. Yah, that’s the ticket I need to clear my head and have some fun.

I arrive home from work to find Uncle sitting in the living room watching the news.  He sits there sipping on a beer, eating some stew out a large bowl.  He looks at me with the same eyes my mother has.  I smile at him as I make my way to my room to change.  I think about how he has given the greater part of his life to care for mother and me.  He has sacrificed so much for us and this dampens my mood.  I call Vinnie back to cancel on him but am met with great resistance on my decision to change my mind.  He keeps telling me that the only way he will have a chance with Tracy tonight is if I entertain her sister Sandy.  He even bribes me with promises of paying for rides on the Tilt-a-world.  I’m just gonna suck it up and go; what else am I gonna do besides mope around the fire escape all night.

“Where are you off to all duded up like that”, asks Uncle as he takes a sip of his beer.

“I’m heading out to The Island with Vinnie”, I reply.  “We are gonna meet up with the Nelson sisters for dancing.”

Just then breaking news flashes across the TV screen; another attack by pirates upon a Vena bound freighter.  It would appear the pirate issue is growing in this vast star system.  “Trade is the driving force of any economy”, begins the reporter.  “Centuries ago mankind took to the seas in exploration and to open trade routes, unifying the world.  Now we have taken to the heavens to unify the planets of our star system.  This is the golden age of exploration, and there are new planets and frontiers to be discovered.  With these new frontiers come great unknowns and dangers”, images of attacks and the insuring damage to vessels flash on the screen.  “This is believed to be the work of blood thirsty Pirates.”

There is one ship that has come up several times.  This vessel and its murderous crews has been the cause of much destruction; a name that I would not soon forget...The Leviathan!  “Damn scum”, grumbles Uncle.  “They need to put an end to this right quick.  That USSG is just a bunch of puppets to the United Congress.”

I take a seat to kill a few minutes watching the news with Uncle.  The report ends as the news anchor begins the next story.  “Tensions flared this morning on the steps of City Hall in mid-town”, informs the anchor as he introduces the reporter that was on seen this morning.  “For the influx of Aqualon and Danae’ immigrants have been met with acceptance by most; however there are groups still expressing anti Off-Worlder sentiments.  The chant of Jobs for Venians first rang out this morning during a demonstration in regards to the shrinking job market in the City.”

“These people don’t see the greater picture”, states Uncle.  “A unites system economy is a far stronger that trying to be self-sufficient; these are Old World ideas.  These are the same ideas that threw us into the sprawl of war.  It’s always the same with some people”, he continues.  “First it was hatred towards anyone who was a different skin tone, and then it was against the Dwarves and now it’s the Off-Worlder’s turn.”

“What these groups seem to forget”, informs the reporter.  “Is the influx of Humans and Dwarves too the neighboring worlds of Maris and Xiulune.  Let us not forget the economic booms to all the surrounding moons as well.”

“Hate blinds people, Eldon”, instructs Uncle.  “They forget when diplomacy was extended to our new friends; trade routes were opened between these worlds.”  He empties his beer and pops the top on another, “Sure we had to use translation devices to communicate, but at least we had the technology to aid us.”

“Is this when they developed the common tongue”, I ask.

“Yes, you were one of the fist students of the CT as the primary language”, he replies.  “I went to night classes at the library to learn it myself.  I believe this helped me get the supervisor position I am now in.”

“Uncle I was approached by a recruiter today for the USSG”, I add.  “I was maybe considering joining.”

“Eldon, I was in the army”, states Uncle.  “I am all for serving ones country; however there are other ways to fulfill a thirst for adventure.  Do you want to be a soldier or do you want to seek out new experiences?”

“Don’t worry Uncle, I did not sign any papers”, I inform with a smile, “And besides you are right I don’t want to be a soldier.”

“Eldon whatever you choose to do I will support your decision”, he says as he runs his hand through his short bristle like hair and rubs the back of his neck, “Just think before you choose…Now go one, go have fun tonight, and remember I love son.”

“I love you too Uncle.”

A month passes since my encounter with the recruiter.  I have defiantly decided not to join up with the USSG.  My dreaming worsens; it even begins to affect my work.  On a few occasions, Uncle Ebbum has had to cover for my neglect.  The days on the dock are long and I am no stranger to hard labor.  I have grown tired of my work.  It is not a physical exhaustion, but a mental fatigue.  I have lost my passion, and want something different; something exciting in my life.  There has to be something better for me out there in this star system.

“Eldon, let’s go grab lunch together today”, states Uncle.  “Come on up to my office.”

“I‘ll be there in a few minutes, Uncle”, I reply.  I wonder if I’m in trouble with Uncle; well I’ll find out soon enough.  I grab my lunch and make my way up the winding network of stairs and catwalks.  I knock on Uncle’s office door and I’m welcomed in.

“Eldon, I have something to say before we break for lunch”, he informs.  “This industry that we have chosen to make my living is a growing one.  I guess you can say that it is our family’s preferred industry.  The volume of traffic we experience here is due to our city being a major shipping hub, and it has doubled in volume over the last year.”

“I have noticed this Uncle ever since they added the third shift”, I reply.  “I know every vessel in this hemisphere, commercial or passenger must stop in our harbor before proceeding to the rest of the planet.”  I look down at today’s news paper as Uncle slides it towards me, “What’s this? Are they planning an expansion?”

“It would appear so”, he smirks.  “They are planning two new terminals for the W.V. Braun Shuttle Port, to begin next month.”

“Named for Vinland’s last president before the new unified government took power”, I begin to read out loud.  “WVB is one of the seven shuttle stations on Vena where a passenger can transfer to flights bound to our closest of two moons, Lunaris Alpha.”  I pause to take a sip of coffee, “WVB will now feature a new inter-world terminal that will allow travelers passage to Midway Station.”

“This means more jobs”, chuckles Uncle.  “Those racist, idiots we watched that night on the news must feel like complete asses.”  He opens his desk drawer and pulls out a paper, “I know you are feeling unchallenged these days Eldon.  I have arranged for you to take the final test to become fully certified in the Exo-suit loader.”

“Thank you Uncle”, I gasp quite surprised.  “I will make you proud.”

My true passion is the mechanics of things.  I love to tinker with machines and engines.  I guess you can say it is in my blood.  If things were different I would have enrolled in a university and pursued a career in engineering like my father.  Our financial situation did not allow for this.  You can say I am self-taught lacking only the diploma to prove my knowledge.

“I feel that this will broaden you options”, he begins.  “That is if you’re serious about becoming an operator your options will double; especially with this huge construction project slated for the WVB.”

“Are you suggesting that I change fields to construction”, I ask.

“I’m suggesting that you find something that makes you happy”, he replies.  “I know that this job no longer does.  Just think about this.  The test will be scheduled for next week.”

“Thank you Uncle”, I mutter still in disbelief.

On Tuesday the week of my test, just before the whistle sounds, signaling the end of my shift, Uncle Ebbum approaches me.  “Eldon”, he calls out.  “I need you to please come directly home after your shift.  There is a very important matter that needs to be addressed.”

“Is everything OK”, I ask.

“Please”, Uncle Ebbum pleads.  “I would rather not discuss this here.”  I can tell that there is sadness behind his eyes.  “I pray the gods it would rain.”  Spoke Uncle from under his breath and then pauses clearing his throat, “I will see you at home”, then turns to walk away.

“I will be there Uncle”, I shout out.

I fear the worst; Mother!  It must be he would not have had sadness for any other reason.  The whistle sounded and I rush home to the apartment.  It is only a few minutes’ walk from the dock, but it felt like it takes me an hour to get there.  I finally arrived home out of breath from sprinting up the seven flights of stairs.  In the living room Uncle sits in the dark.  On the table is a bottle of rum and two glasses.  I can feel that the air inside the apartment is somehow different.  Uncle asks me to take a seat then he leans forward.  I notice a tear in his eye as he pours the rum into the glasses.  Pushing one towards me, he takes the other in his hand, as he sits back into his chair.

“Your mother, she could not fight anymore.”  Uncle very somberly continues, “She has lost the battle, but won the war.”  Pausing he raises his glass, “To your mother!”

We both had slug down the shot of rum.  It burns my churning stomach.  Uncle leans in to repeat the pouring process.  We throw back our second shot.  The burning now turns to numbness.  With news like this, numbness is the best way to face it.

“It is for the best she is now free and no longer tethered to her machines.”  I say trying to be brave and after a long moment of silence I continue, “She is free of the pain, and the angels have come to take her to the heavens out past he edge of the universe.”

“Amen.”  Uncle whispers then adds, “I know you do not have passion for your job anymore, I can see it.  I know the only reason you have not followed your dreams is because you would not leave her.”

“This is true Uncle”, I begin.  “I could not leave her in such a fragile state, clinging to life like that.”

“Well my boy”, he replies.  “The time has come to follow your dreams. There is nothing to hold you here anymore, but yourself.  Please begin living your life for you.”

I wipe my eyes, and promise Uncle I would think about what my next move will be.  The dock has given us a few days off to grieve and to take care of Mother’s burial.  After the service Uncle pulls me aside and presents me with an envelope.  I look at Uncle a little confused.

“Take it”, Uncle commands, “It is a farewell present.”

“Fare well”, I ask very puzzled.  “Are you going somewhere?”

“No Eldon”, he replies.  “You are; you are beginning the journey of your life.”

Uncle motions for me to open it.  I slowly peel back the seal of the envelope and I am in complete shock; exposing a boarding pass and three old photographs.  The first photo is of my Mother, it looks like it was taken when she was in her late teens.  She stands against the sea wall overlooking the harbor near sun set.  She has never looked so beautiful to me. Her hair was long flowing in the slight summer breeze; a true vision of beauty.  The second is of Uncle, my Father, and a man in a flight suit.  They stand proudly on the docks in their work clothes.  Uncle must have been just a young dock hand and Father is wearing his hip-length lab coat.

“Uncle”, I ask.  “Who is this man standing next to Father?”

“I only met him one other time before this picture was taken”, informs Uncle.  “Your Father was introduced to him and was to begin his work on the Sultana project about a month after that photo was taken.  I only remember that he was a Captain and a test pilot that would work directly with your father’s team.”

I try hard to look at his name tag on the flight suit but his helmet is in the way.  I’m sure he is another soul that was lost in that horrible accident.  The third is a real treat to me.  It is a photo taken on the day of my parent’s wedding.  They stand on the stone steps of Saint Augustine’s Cathedral.  They are so young and happy; they could not be a much older than I am now.  These old faded shipyard pictures and the wedding photo have captured my family at happier times in their lives.  This is now all that remains of their golden days.

The ticket is a one way shuttle pass; schedule to leave in the few days.  This grants me passage to the closer of our two moons, Lunaris Alpha.  Lunaris Station is the largest and oldest port off the home world.  Lunaris Station has developed into a city over the last decade.  There my chances will be greater in finding adventure; maybe find a star freighter in need of a deckhand.  Uncle has given me the push that I desperately need to do something with my life.


Of Myth and Legend
The Sailor’s Tale


A day has passed since Mother’s burial as the reality of my next step in life sinks in.  I decide to hit up my local watering hole one last time.  I make my way to Bar 32 down on West 2nd between River and Congress streets.  It’s not the fanciest place in my neighborhood, but it has always served up the one thing that seems to quench my thirst; tale’s of adventure.  This is a real hole-in-the-wall filled with an assortment of locals, working girls, and sailors from all over the system.  This place is packed to the gills with customer.  I grab the last open spot at the bar and order up one of their house ales.  The atmosphere is of a wild house party.  The local band, The Rottens, are stirring up the place; they are a new breed of music born of the folk songs brought here by the Dwarves and good old fashion Vinlandian rock n roll.  This results in a sound being call Folk-punk. NVC was primarily Humans inhabitance; just after the Great War of Liberation, many Dwarves have emigrated here for work.

I scan the crowded room for the right person.  I have developed a knack for spotting a master story teller.  They are entertainers usually older, and surrounded by others hanging on their every word.  Ah there, he sits!  He is a very weathered but kind looking Dwarf male.  At a corner table, he sits, playing to an audience of at least a half dozen.  I drain my mug, then order two more, making my way to his location.

“And that me mates”, instructs the Dwarf with a smile.  “Is how you get an Aqualonian woman to spend the night with ya?”

The table erupts into laughter with this anecdote.  The crowd begins to disperse; this is my opening.  I place both mugs on the table and slide one in front of the Dwarf.  He is a burly man with dark skin and hair fixed so it stands upright and wild; giving the appearance of smoke rising up from the top of his head, black with grey whips change position with every head movement.  His thick moustache runs long and is braided just below the corners of his mouth; flowing down to his great beard that is parted and braided in the same fashion.  I find that when you are the only member of the audience the story becomes less of a tall tale and more of a factual account.

“Good evening”, I begin.  “You look thirsty from that tale.  Hope you like the home brew.”

“Aye, I do”, he replies skeptical of the free drink as he stares at it with his left eye squinting.  “What is it that I can do for you, mate?”

“What makes you think I want something”, I ask.

“People are not in the habit of buying me drinks for no good reason”, he answers.  “So what is it you want?”

“My name is Eldon”, I inform.  “And from what I have heard, you have quite a catalogue of stories.” 

“I suppose I do”, he stated as he snatched up the mug draining about a third of it in a single gulp.  “The name’s Elik Thunbert”, he says with an out stretched hand.  “So it’s a good story you seek.  First ya must tell me something about ya self.  Then I will see if I think ya worth me time, and as long as me throat keeps from getting dry you shall hear all that your ears care to take.”

“I work down on the docks and I grow excited every time a vessel of foreign origin stopped in our port”, I begin my plea.  “I would count the minutes till the end of my shift so I could talk with some of the sailors.  I spend most of my free time in the taverns looking for travelers fresh from a voyage; willing to trade a round of drinks for their tales of adventure.  I will gladly quench your thirst with rum and beer; as long as they quenched mine with many stories.”

“OK Lad”, he agrees as he lights up his long steamed pipe.  “Ya will get ya stories.”

“What brings you to New Vandenberg”, I ask.

“We docked nearly a month ago fresh in from Zenum.  Me vessel is undergoing an overhaul”, replies Elik and he gulps down another third of the mug.  “Me vessel, Federation of Dwarven Nation 862 The Sussex Pride was hauling materials to the Corlear’s Hook Shipyard, just across the river to the east.”

“Zenum”, I inquire as I motioned for another round of ale.  “That’s the mining planet.”

“Aye mate, that’s correct.”  He spoke and then asks, “So what type of tale do you fancy?”

“Have you ever encountered pirates”, I inquire.

“Unfortunately, I have several times in me life as a sailor”, he begins.  “Believe it or not, we just had a run in, with a group of these curs, almost a month ago on our way here.  We just about met our end.”

“I heard of this incident on the news,” I reply.  “If it’s not too much to ask; could you tell me this?  I would like to hear about it.”

“So be it mate”, Elik replies with a grim nod.  “Often the straight line of morality becomes warped out in The Abyss, and even the most upstanding individual finds himself crossing the line to survive.  We were a good day, or so, out from the orbit of Vena.  All was going as planned; The Pride was running like a top.  I am the chief boatswain and in charge of all the hands.  We were gearing up for our arrival, and wanted to get the cargo off loaded in record time.  We were promised a large bonus if we beat the time in our contract.  It seems that our load of materials was to be used in the construction of some new breed of vessel that the USSG is working on”, he pauses to whet his whistle, “That’s neither here nor there; so we were making our preparations for when we dock in harbor.  I was up late in the galley reviewing with me right hand man, Morris, when the alarm was triggered.  The Captain announced over the com all hands on deck!  This was never a good sign; we all knew it.  We were way too far out from orbit for this call to mean landing procedures; this could only have meant trouble.”

I can see the emotion building behind his ageing dark eyes.  This troubled me greatly to know that such a seasoned salt can still be so rattled by these events.  “We scrambled to the bridge”, he continues.  “The first mate was issuing us fire arms and ordered us to ready our atmo-suits.  You see this was me greatest fear.  The fear of dyeing alone sucked out into the vacuum of The Abyss; to float about, a mummy, until the end of all time.”  He pauses to collect himself, “The Captain uttered only one word...Pirates!  Before we knew it there was a squadron of about four raiders upon us.  The shields were holding for the time being.  Every strike shook the ol’ Pride like a tin can rolling down a flight of stairs.  The ship’s weapons, as minimal as they are, did their best to keep the raiders at bay.  We continued to hold them off; however the shields began to fail.  We began to take some damage during the fire fight.  Morris suffered some nasty burns and a concussion.  I prayed to Wotan and Agrona for protection and valor.  The next step would be for them to board us.  Once they get in its all over!”

His glare seemed to pierce my very soul.  This makes the story all the more real to me.  “Did they board”, I ask hanging on to his every word.

“We were on the verge of losing all power”, Elik informs.  “We were ordered to rely on our atmo suits and ready to fend off the boarding party.  The gods heard me prayers!  The gods chose to smile upon me once again.  From out of The Abyss, came a vessel to our aid.  They must have heard our mayday call.”

“This ship”, I ask.  “What was her name?  Where did she come from?”

“Her name mate, and this is how I know the gods have sent her, is the Neptune’s Glory.  I have no idea from where she came, but I am grateful that she happened upon us.  She quickly dispatched the remaining raiders with her rear turret as she bore down upon their flagship with her main turret.  It was reminiscent of a Hydra with its seven flailing heads spewing fire.  The Glory tore the vessel in half.  Their communications office hailed us to see of our status; I can still hear his deep booming voice now.  There were some minor injuries suffered by the crew; some damage to our engines and a breach in our hull plating, but we were saved.”  He leans in close and continues, “As quickly as The Glory had appeared it vanished; once they knew of our status and that the USSG was in route, they continued on their way.  The USSG arrived shortly after The Glory left our radar screen.  Captain had told the inspector of their valorous act.  Thanks to The Glory and her crew I am still on this plane of existence.  I will never forget them and if I ever have the honor to meet them I will buy every last one of them as much drink as they want.  I have been in many tight spots before in me long life.  I, however, am still not quite ready to sit at the feast of Samhain.  This was the only time I have ever truly lost hope and feared for me life.”

“Wow”, I mumble at this.  “You were very lucky!”

“Aye, mate I was”, states Elik.  “Heed me warning, these stories are as true as you are sitting here.  Don’t doubt them for one minute, and if you ever consider a life on the seas; remember this is a real threat”, Elik must have seen that this shook me greatly.  Then out of pity, or more likely, thirst he quickly tries to lighten the mood, “So, what’s it to be next?  Have you ever seen a mermaid, mate?”

I humor him and let him fill my head with tall tales of the seas both planetary and beyond.  I cannot shake this story of the Neptune’s Glory.  This was not the first time that I have heard her majestic name; I have heard mention of her several times in the past coming to aid others.  I head back to the apartment to pack some of my belongings that I will need to start my new life.  I work late into the night and I’m hardly able to get any rest.  Early the next morning I look out the window of my room.  I find good, old Mr. Bentley still making deals with the neighborhood kids to detail his car.  I wonder if he is still offering a buck for each white-wall tire scrubbed.  I made lots of money washing and polishing his old car.  It was, and still is his pride and joy.  It’s funny to see how some things never change; it’s just like Mr. Bentley to continue using the old paper money instead of Venian Credits.

I press my hand on the pressure plate opening the door to this old apartment one last time.  I make my way down all the flights of stair stopping to look at the gouge in the wall on the third floor landing.  It’s funny the little things you notice every day, and in some weird way I will even miss walking past this tiny imperfection in the wall plaster that use to signal me being half way through my climb home.  Out on the front stoop I take a deep breath remembering something my mother would say “We stumble when we learn to walk.  We continue to stumble throughout our lives; this is how we learn.  The important thing to remember after we stumble is not the embarrassment or shame we will undoubtedly feel; but what we did to correct ourselves and prevent ourselves from repeating the mistake again.”

She was right this is the first and most important step.  This is the journey of my new life; this step I am going to take off of this front stoop is a leap of faith.

“Going on a trip, Eldon”, shouts Mr. Bentley.  “Sorry to hear about your mother.”

“Yes sir”, I reply. “And thank you for the beautiful arrangement of flowers.  Good bye Mr. Bentley.”

“So long Eldon”, he says with a wave as he steadies himself with his cane.  “See you around kid.”

I take the very familiar walk, towards the dock, but this time I headed to WVB Shuttle Station.  The small passenger shuttles, which run to all major cities, need not use the docks.  These shuttles have a separate landing strip.

“You may take a seat over there”, informs the attendant as she checks my ticket.  “We are looking at an hour till boarding.”

I stare out the window towards the port watching the vessels off load their cargo here for other transport to pick up for distribution all over the globe, while others vessels simply stop for customs inspection before they can move on to the rest of the planet.  This trip will take roughly five hours to reach the moon of Lunaris Alpha.  I find a discarded copy of yesterday’s Lunaris Post on the seat next to me; I begin to flip through it.

“Lunaris Station, the largest off-world harbor this end of the star system”, I read in the article.  “At one point or another just about every ship in the system stops here; either for their cargo or for supplies.  The station was the first construction project in a zero atmosphere environment; shortly after that the great colonization boom began”, I pause to listen to an announcement then continue to read.  “The month of Tredeber marks the 10th Anniversary of the completion of Lunaris Station’s construction.”

The call to begin boarding echoes over the stations’ speaker system; as I make my way to the line forming at the attendant’s podium.  I hand the attendant my boarding pass, and make my way to my seat.  Settling in, I begin to watch the local news cast playing on the small screen set in the back of the chair in front of me.  It’s another news report on Pirates.  It looks like this time hostages have been taken in hopes of gaining additional money with their ransom.  A grainy still shot of a massive vessel, assumed to be The Leviathan, the flag ship of a notorious terrorist known only as Golgotha.  The report continues to inform that his organization is responsible for seventy-five percent of all the acts of piracy in the system.  A spokes person for the USSG’s investigation team has released a statement ensuring that all of their efforts are being focused on the protection of commercial vessels and well as bring the responsible parties to justice.

I must have dozed off at some point shortly after takeoff.  I’m not surprised due to the lack of sleep last night; with all the excitement of packing and saying good bye to my old life must have been too much for my mind to handle.  The next thing I remember is the Pilot’s announcement, from over the intercom, informing of our descent into the atmosphere of Lunaris Alpha.  I stare out the porthole remembering my uncles parting words to me.  “Follow your dream where ever they may lead, write when you can and above all things boy, be a man,” I want to make him proud and I could never forget him, and all that he has done for me.


Lunaris Station


The shuttle docks and I disembark; making my way to the baggage claim, I gather my belongings as I construct my plan.  I believed a good starting point is to go to the Harbor Master’s Office.  I am positive that any ship, expressing a need for a crewmember, would most likely have made mention of this to one of the clerks in the reception window.  I ascended the broad stone steps of this colossus of architectural splendor.  There are decorative buntings proudly hung from all the buildings in honor of the celebration.  Finding myself in the cavernous lobby; I navigate to the reception clerk’s kiosk.  There is a line of people of all races ahead of me.  While I patiently await my turn, I cannot help but notice how enormous the Harbor is.  There is some sort of tour taking place; no doubt to commemorate the anniversary.

“This is the customs department”, informs the tour guide.  “All commercial vessels are handled by our vast harbor”, as she turns the group towards the massive window.  “The large container vessels are a strange mutation of the ocean vessels of Vena.  A majority of them are still, a hybrid of ocean vessel and spacecraft.  They utilize the water to land and take off.  The water helps to displace their massive weight.  Even though they can achieve flight they are just too massive for flight in the atmosphere for much longer than takeoff or landing.  If you look just past the first row of vessels you can see one coming in for a landing now.”

The crowd gasps in amazement as many pictures are snapped from personal devises.  “The planets use a central star system time that is separate than all other time zones”, continues the guide.  “This is to help ensure deliveries and transports are running with uniformity.  Vena is our Mother World and since Lunaris is her first moon we use the lunar based calendar of 13 months calendar of 28 days January through Tredeber with 365, 24 hour days.”  The many faces of children and their chaperones light up with wonder for they must be the first generation born on Lunaris.  “This is why we have two sunrises and two sunsets in a day.”

I become lost listening to the group.  The fist generations of Humans and Dwarves not born on Vena; this blows my mind.  I am amazed at how we, as a people, have achieved this feat, and I am standing here at the epicenter of this great boom.  I am brought back to reality with a jolt.

“Next”, the Clerk calls out.  “Next, Sir”, states the now shouting Clerk.  “Sir, Hello!  You’re holding up the line.  Do you not understand the common tongue?”

Just as a hand from behind me taps me on my arm followed by, “Hey buddy, you’re up!”

I walk to the desk and apologize to the clerk.  I ask her if she knows of any work.  She gives me two names; the first is a man by the name of Captain Flintlock, and the second is a Captain J.E. Frost.  I thank the clerk asking if she knows where I could find these men.  I am instructed to try searching in The Lunar Anchor Tavern, just up the dock from here.

I lug my bags down the dock and into the large main room of The Lunar Anchor.  I head to the bar to see if the barkeep has any knowledge of the two captains mentioned to me by the clerk.  The tavern is buzzing with the roar of laughter and music.  The familiar chiming, clank of mugs being raised in toasts erupts all around.  The room is hazed in aromatic smoke interrupted with hints of the succulent smell of roasted meats rising from tables as I pass by them.  This is true joy to a sailor who has spent many weeks ship bound hauling cargo to and fro.

Finally I snake my way to the crowed bar where a burly Dwarf barkeep wipes the bar with a damp towel.  “What can I git ya’ sonny”, asks The Barkeep.

“Well sir, I am seeking a Captain Flintlock”, I reply.  “I hear he is in need of a crewman.”

The Barkeep squawks as he points over my right shoulder, “There is your Captain Flintlock.”  I turn my head to look in the direction of his stubby extended finger to see three members of the Custom’s department escorting Captain Flintlock out of the tavern in shackles.  “I don’t think he’ll have any need for ya.”  The Barkeep smirks, “Unless you’re a barrister.”

“OH!  I see.”  Feeling a bit discouraged I ask, “How about a Captain J.E. Frost?  Have you heard of this man?”

“Aye, I have”, replies the Barkeep.  “Some of his crew is here now.”

“Please Sir”, I plead.  “Where may I find them?”

“Ya may find the Chief up the stairs and down the hall to the end”, begins the Barkeep with a very pleased look in his eyes.  “Then turn right and continue on down the corridor.  It’s the last door on the right marked balcony number 7”, he points upward across the smoky room to where the edge of the balcony booth sits.

“Thank you, sir”, I blurt out.

In a flash I bolt up the stairs with my bags and proceed down the hall to the end making the right.  I continue along the lengthy corridor as a nervous feeling hits me in my legs and in my stomach; no doubt from the sudden surge of adrenaline.  There it is Balcony number 7.  I am now faced with a moment that will completely change the course of my life forever.  This is where I stand; outside of this room three hundred thousand kilometers from my home.  I am a stranger in a strange world and somehow it feels very familiar, but I have let my nerves get the better of me.

I stand here reliving all the events that have lead up to this defining moment.  I take a deep breath composing myself; having replayed all these memories has reopened wounds that still struggle to heal.  This menagerie of emotions delays my destiny a moment longer.  I clear my head and I do it; I step into the room, as an enormous weight has been lifted off my shoulders.  I lower my bags just inside the entrance, and notice the balcony draped in thick, deep red curtains giving the booth the ambiance of a tent.  I move the curtain aside descending several steps; now in the main part of the balcony I see a group of four.  I step in front of a burly male Dwarf, who I can only assume is the boss, is accompanied by a set of Dwarf twins and a Human.  He is seated very comfortably upon a plush cushion.  His left hand supports a pipe attached by an ornate hose.  The hose leads to a large hookah with several other hoses reaching out.  They extend to the other members of his motley looking crew like a gilded octopus.  His right hand is firmly griping a mug of grog.  

“Who are you”, asks one of the Dwarves.  “Are you the Lad the agency messaged me about?”

“Sir, I am Eldon Samuelson of New Vandenberg on Vena”, I reply to the man I now know must be the Chief.  “I have been instructed by the clerk at the Harbor Master’s Office that a Captain J.E. Frost is seeking a good hand aboard his vessel.”

“Well, Mr. Eldon of Vena”, says the Dwarf as he motions to me, with his hand to take a seat across from him.  “This is true; we are seeking a good hand.  I am Chief Gumford Dunn.”  He pauses to take a drink as his thick, calloused hands grasp the mug, “So Lad; am I to understand that you are tossing your application into the ring.  What would make you believe that you are qualified for a position on a star freighter?”

Chief Gumph or Chief as everyone seems to address him; is the ships Chief Engineer and Boatswain.  I would guess him to be in his mid forties.  In fact Dwarves are far stronger than their Human counterparts.  He has many tattoos covering his arms of great girth.  The Chief looks to be about a meter and a quarter tall, and other than a large belly he seemed to be in great physical condition.  His head is shaved except for a tuft of braided auburn hair protruding from the crown of his head.  He wears a long braided beard that ended just above his belly, and has deep brown eyes.

“Chief, I know that I am young in appearance”, I confidently state.  “However I have several years of experience under my belt.  I have worked a job on the docks since I was a day over seventeen.  I am a level three operator of a, cherry picker and clamp type lifts.  I have a level two operator’s license for a boom crane; as well as needing only one more course for my certification on an Exo-Suit loader. I don’t just run these machines; I can fix them as well.  I bare a gold seal as a maintenance mechanic.”

Chief takes a long draw on the pipe, lowers it from his mouth, and exhales.  The fragrant smoke billows form his nose and mouth like a great brooding dragon as this information seeps into his mind.  He raises the mug of grog to his lips and drinks deeply; lowering it he locks eyes with me.

“Lad”, begins Chief in a probing tone.  “Are you prepared for a test”, he asks as he signals to the barmaid for another round of grog.  She clears any empty mugs away, refreshes the coal glowing on top of the hookah, and then is off to retrieve the order.  “I don’t usually like the hookah but it is something the Captain has turned me onto.”

“Chief, I am ready for your challenge”, I reply with confidence.

We look out over the rail of the balcony and past the main room of the tavern as Chief points to the wall of windows in front of a stage; where a band has just ended a set.  There are five ships visible through the window docked in port.  I will be working directly for this man and he will be relying on me to assist him in the engineering duties, as well as, working with the other men in the cargo hold.  I can’t mess this up.

“My challenge, Lad”, he states.  “Is to name each class of ship and their planet of origin; then, if you can, explain the proper method of loading and off loading the cargo of each.”

I begin firing off the answers, as if I am reading them form a text book.  Just then the barmaid returns and places a mug in front of everyone present.  Another of the Dwarves seems to be very impressed with my knowledge smiles and makes eye contact with Chief.  The Human shrugs with a smirk in reply to his shipmate’s glance.  I don’t feel that this is going well.

“Timothy”, states Chief to the Human.  “Speak your mind.”

“Chief, that is all well and good”, he begins.  “With that knowledge, the kid could get a job as a cruise director on a floating hotel.”

Laughter erupts from the group as Chief replies, “But he claims to have equipment qualifications.”

“I have documents, Chief”, I reply as I fumble to retrieve them.  “Here they are”, I shout as I pull them from my jacket pocket my photos fall loose to the ground.  I rust to pick them up in fear of keeping them safe.

“What’s that you got their Lad”, demands the Chief.

“Well Chief”, I begin as tears begin to well in my eyes.  “It is all I have left of my family”, I whimper as I slump back into my seat feeling defeated.

“Pass those photographs this way”, he orders.  “You say these people are your family”, inquires an intrigued Chief.

“Yes Sir, this is correct”, I answer.  “All are gone taken from me, all except my Uncle.”

“How do you know the man in the flight suit”, asks a very puzzled sounding Chief.

“The man in the lab coat is my Father Richard Samuelson and the man in the hard hat is my Uncle Ebbum”, I reply.  “The only thing I know about the other man is that he must have worked on a project with my Father just before he was killed in an accident.”

“Your dadaidh knew this man”, states Chief as he stairs long and hard at this photo, “I know this man very well.”

“Please tell me who he is”, I implore.

“He is the reason that we are sitting here today”, sighs Chief.  “He is Captain Frost, our Captain.”  And after a long pause of disbelief he hands the photos back to me then states, “You are in luck, the position is yours if you want it.”

“Thank you Chief”, I gasp.  “I won’t let you down.”  The Human sneers at this outcome; loyal to Chief he makes no further objection at this decision.

“Chief”, asks one of the Dwarf twins as he stands up, “May I propose a toast?”

“That’s a grand idea Malcolm”, replies Chief.

“To a safe and prosperous voyage”, begins Malcolm with a raised glass.  “And to our new mate; may he not end up like the last one”, as the men join in with cheers and raised glasses.

I wonder what he meant by that statement.  I have an overwhelming urge to meet the Captain immediately, and ask him how he knew my father.  I suppose that this question will have to wait for the proper time.  We all take a drink of grog which I have never had before.  It is strong and lightly sweet, with a slight spiced, fruitiness.  I can see why all the sailors love it so.  Chief passes me his hookah pipe; offered up as to seal our contract.  I am a bit nervous; I have never smoked one before; raising it to my lips, making sure to not offend him.  I take a draw and notice how smooth and flavorful the smoke is.  I must have taken in too much because I begin to cough.

“He’s a virgin”, shouts the Human seated next to the Chief.  “Glad I could be part of you first time.”

“Go easy on him Timothy”, blurts Chief.  “Don’t scare him off before we can get him back to the ship.  Otherwise it’s just twice as much work for you.”

“He was a dock worker; piss on him if he can’t take it”, laughs Timothy.  “Besides if he can’t handle that he will never make it to our first port.”  Chief and the gang begin to chuckle at this.  I join in with complete embarrassment resulting in the eruption of laughter.

“Lad are you sure this is the life you want”, asks Chief.  “At the end of the day you don’t punch a clock and scurry off home.”

“More than anything”, I reply in a very determined tone.  “This is what I have longed to do with my life; to get out and see new worlds, experience new places and to be part of something meaningful.”

This is what has consumed my thoughts all those sleepless nights.  It is almost like Mother is guiding me from the heavens to live out my dreams. I suppose, a mother, is always a mother and her love is strong enough to bridge the void of death.  I hope I will make her proud.  I also owe thanks to my Father; if it were not for him I might be heading back to Vena a failure.

I stand up and address the group.  “Chief”, I ask.  “If I may propose a toast”, I sadden in countenance; “My mother has left this life earlier this week.”

The group of harden sailors became silent and a bit somber.  “Men, please rise and bow your heads”, directs Chief.  “Let us have a moment of silence, out of respect for Eldon’s mabaidh.”

The men do as instructed by Chief, and they stand silently with bowed heads.  Chief then raises his head and looks at me with his mug in hand out reached in my direction as if to signal that the floor is mine.  “To my mother”, I say with a lump in my throat.  “May she find peace in the heavens and help to guide my thoughts.”

My eyes well up with tears, but I hold them back.  Malcolm notices and looks at me with eyes of compassion and understanding.  “Eldon”, he asks in an endearing tone.  “What name did your mabaidh go by?”

“Her name”, I stutter.  “My mother’s name was Aria.”

“To Aria”, booms Malcolm.

“To Aria”, repeats the crew.

We all raise our glasses, and the emotion is too much to restrain.  A tear escapes and trickles down my cheek, mingling with my grog, baptizing it with sorrow.  We drink till our mugs are empty.


The First Order Of Business


We sit enjoying the libations and hookah for what seems like a better part of an hour.  As luck would have it, Malcolm, is a bit more talkative and very welcoming compared to the rest of the men; especially after a few drinks.  During this time he lets me know a bit about my shipmates, and what to expect of a life at sea.

“Me and me brawdna Angus, Just celebrated our twenty-fourth birthday” states Malcolm with a cheesy grin.  “We hail from the Roth Moro region and the Captain made a point to get some food items in our fashion to remind us of home.”

“Roth Moro”, I reply.  “One of my friends from back home traveled there once for a vacation.  He claims that it has some of the most amazing ski slopes in all of Vena.”

“Aye this is true”, grins Malcolm as he tugs on his long amber beard.  Her peaks are spectacular.”  The twins share the same wild ginger colored hair and dark eyes; both are very proud of their beards and seem to be in constant competition with each other.

“Do you ski any”, I ask.

“No”, he chuckles.  “I was referring to the barmaid.”

We laugh heartily at this as I learn that they have been sailing with The Glory for nearly four years now.  Then there is Timothy the Human in his early thirties with short cropped dark hair and deep brown eyes; who seems to be lost in thought a million kilometers from his body.  From his appearance he looks as if his ancestors may have hailed from the nation of Arcola, one of the six Human Nations of Vena.

“Don’t pay Timothy any mind”, informs Malcolm.  “He is leery of newcomers, but once you get to know him you will see that he is a good guy.”

He has been with The Glory for almost five years, and has seniority amongst all the hands.  These men are the deckhands; my bunkmates who I will be working with daily.  Our duties consist of maintaining the ship, and most importantly the loading and unloading of the ships’ cargo.

Chief communication devise sound as he grabs it, “Yes Captain, I read you.”   The men settle down, and all eyes are fixed on him awaiting the news, “Understood Captain.  I will have the men get to it right away sir.  Oh, and sir, I have a greenhorn that I believe will work out nicely.”  He returns the device to a holster on his belt then addresses the group, “Well men it looks as if we are back to duties.”  Chief pauses; then turns his attention to me and asks, “Lad, do you have any bags with you?”

“I do Chief”, I reply.  “I have two large bags that I have left by the door upon entering and this satchel here.”

“Malcolm and Angus; check that the main hold is secured”, Chief commands.  “Leave a space in the stern just in front of the bay door.  It is to measure about nineteen meters in length by eight meters in width”, Chief continues, “Timothy, please take Eldon’s bags to The Glory and ready a bunk for him.  Then join the brothers in the hold.”

“Aye Chief, consider it done”, replies Malcolm with a bit of disappointment in his eyes.  The three hands exit the room and head back to the ship to complete their duties.

“Eldon”, states Chief as he orders up another round.  “The Captain wants you to come with me.  We need to make sure that all the maintenance supplies are replenished.  He has also given me permission to secure any part we may need during the next voyage.”

We finish our drinks, head down the stairs as Chief handles the bill.  I watch him transfer the credits by pressing his communication devise to the register terminal; then out into the busy streets of the station.  Lunaris Station has gone from shuttle station, to port, to colonial boom town, and finally to the monstrous metropolis we see today.  Lunaris Station is twice the size of New Vandenberg City but shares a similar look and feel.  However there are some things that are legal here that are no longer permitted on Vena.

“Stay close Lad”, shouts Chief over the crowd.  “It can be a wee bit crazy on these streets.”

“Aye, Sir,” I shout back.

“Please”, he snaps.  “There is no reason to call me sir!  I’m just Chief; the only Sir in this outfit is the Captain.”

“Understood, Chief”, I reply as I dodge some slower moving traffic.  “Where are we off to first?”

“Just stay close”, he replies.  “If I lose you the Lieutenant may thing that I sold you, and your silence is mandatory this crowd is making my head spin.”

Sell me?  I hope he is pulling my leg!  After a ten minute walk we reach the welding supply company.  Chief places an order for all the required welding gasses, rods, and fluxes.  The Captain is informed of the total via communicator, a device that resembles an oversized smart phone, which Chief retrieves from a holster on his belt.  The credits are transferred as Chief touches the communicator to the register of the sales clerk.  The credits are instantly exchanges as well as the delivery information.

“Want to know where too next”, Chief asks.

“Yes please”, I reply.  “What is our next destination?”

“Our next stop is very dear to me”, he begins.  “I would not forgive myself if we missed this stop.”

“Sounds as if it is important”, I add.  “What is it?”

“We are heading to Shillelagh Nat Finche’s”, he smirks with wild eyes.  “Time to test you salt!”

“I’m not sure I follow”, I smile nervously.  “What in the three worlds is that?”

“Only Off-World tavern having the finest Dwarven stout on tap; not just any stout, Loth Lora Stout”, informs Chief.  “And you’re buying!”

We twist and turn to the Dwarf district; nestled on the western edge of the harbor.  The Dwarves are a burley, hearty lot, and they are masters at engineering, mining and of the forge; for this reason they have always made their home near a mountain’s base close to the source of the precious ore.  The architecture begins to change, and since there are no mountains near Lunaris Station.  The Dwarves have attempted to simulate this in their building methods.  Stout and solid dwellings, just like the people that live within them; sturdy haunaluh, or homes with their stone walls, domed roofs and rounded doorways.  They are stacked upon one another forming a false mountain of sorts; like overlapping bowls layered to form a pyramid on a dish rack 

“Here it is Lad”, announces Chief.  “There is just enough time for a quick round or two, then back to duties.”

We enter into the short doorway.  I find that I must crouch down to avoid any head injuries.  From the looks of things you best be a Dwarf or at least accompanied by one to even dare step foot into this place.  The room is very dimly lit by an enormous hearth throwing off amazing warmth; as well as the aroma of roasting boar stuffed with apples, sage and rosemary.  The main room is much taller that the entryway and find that I am able to stand with no trouble.  There are a few inquisitive glares sent my way but nothing more than the locals trying to understand why I would bother to come into their sanctum.  There aren’t any sounds that are familiar to my ears; only Dwarven dialects are uttered within these walls.  We approach the low bar made of a massive slab of lacquered wood.

“Kepnah Bannu, du’ haunal stoul”, rattles off the Chief.  “Meh Ladnah pagu”

A very cute female with soft gentle curves; giving her an adorable plumpness returns with the giant mugs.  Female Dwarves are quite the contrast from the males.  They lack the characteristic large noses of the males; rumor has it that this is a feature that the females find attractive when choosing a mate.

“Decuna pences”, she states.

“She says its ten credits”, translates Chief.  “And don’t for get to tip the Lass.”

“Believe me I won’t forget”, I reply as I pay the woman.

Of what I can see the Dwarves enjoy life and want all around them to do so as well.  The whole place erupts in a song that all seem to know every word.  I find out that this song is as old as time; it would be some sort of crime if it were not sung loud and freely in such a setting.  I learn that their creed is “Work as if the end is upon us, and celebrate as if it has arrived” and is carved into the stone above the bar.  We finish another round of stout as another song begins.  This stout is unlike any beer I have ever tasted; smoky, smooth, and so very potent.  Chief excuses himself for a moment as I attempt to communicate with the barmaid. After several failed attempts verbally I result to the old point and hand signal method.  I am able to secure a growler of this famed stout in an attempt to win over the Chief and soften his hard exterior towards me.

“OK, Lad”, informs Chief.  “This was fun but back to our duties before it gets too late.  What’s that package their?”

“Oh, this”, I say slyly.  “This is just a little souvenir I picked up at our last stop. I had it with me the whole time.”

“That stout is strong stuff”, he replies.  “I can seem to remember seeing that package before we entered.  Well, regardless we must be off.”

I was able to get out of there with only spending fifty credits, and ten of it was drunk by me.  I have had to spend more for less return in the past.  Our final stop is to the supply house that resembles an industrial version of a hardware store.  We order sheets of steel in various thicknesses as well as hoses, and tubing with the appropriate clamps and couplings.  This place is enormous; a person could easily become overwhelmed.  Luckily Chief knows his way around, and once again he relays the total to the Captain for credit transfer.  Having completed our tasks we begin to make our way back to the dock.

Chief’s communicator sounds; he pulls it from his belt and pressing a button on the side, and speaks into it like a video two way radio, “This is Gumph, I read you.”

I am very fascinated with the communicator that all the crew carries.  I am told that we will set one up for me once we get aboard The Glory; life aboard the ship without it would be hellish.

“Chief its Shara”, responds The Lieutenant as her image appears on the screen.  “It looks like the Captain and I will be a bit longer than expected.”

“Is everything OK”, he asks.

“Yes Gumph”, replies The Lieutenant.  “Everything is just fine.  It’s just these damn bureaucrats have the joy in making everything more complicated with all their paperwork.”

“What can I do for yah, Lieutenant”, he inquires.

“Gumph I need you to transmit to me the new man’s thumbed and finger prints”, she begins.  “So I can get him registered to The Glory.”

“Copy that Lieutenant”, he replies.  “I am transmitting it to you now”, as Chief holds out his communicator for me to imprint my thumb and fingers of my right hand for the Lieutenant.

“Thank you”, responds the Lieutenant.  “It comes back as an Eldon Samuelson”, she begins.  “I have a last known address of 138 McDougal St, New Vandenberg City 10012, providence of Obereck, nation of Vinland, planet Vena.”

“That’s correct”, I reply

“Interesting”, she replies.  “I have one last favor to ask.  I need for you to stop by the weapon smith and get me a new roller bearing for the clock wise rotating Vulcan cannon; I’ll send you the schematic and part number.  We shouldn’t be much longer now.”

“Understood Lieutenant”, he begins.  “We’ll see you back at the ship.”

“Thanks Gumph”, she states as the communication ends.

“Chief, what is the full name of the ship”, I ask.  “I have heard it referred to as The Glory.  I suppose one should know the name of his new home.”

“The Neptune’s Glory, Lad”, replies Chief with pride in his voice.  “She is the finest vessel in the whole system.”

“The Neptune’s Glory”, I squawk in disbelief.

“Why so surprised”, he asks, “Have you heard of her?”

“Chief”, I answer.  “I have heard valorous tales of her, and I suppose that includes you and the crew as well.”

“You can’t always believe everything a drunken sailor tells you”, laughs Chief.  I know the stories are true and now I get to be a part of her legendary crew.

We obtain the part requested by the Lieutenant and make our way back to the dock.  My excitement grows as I am playing a game in my head.  I try to guess which ship is The Glory.  There like a vision of strength and majesty perched straddling the dock.  Neptune’s Glory, suiting is her name; she truly is the glory of the god of the seas.

“She reminds me of a battle ships with a giant sea turtle mounted on top”, I say with surprise do to her unique appearance.

“I never really looked at her like that, Lad”, he replies.  “I guess she does look a great, big sea turtle hitching a ride as the ship passes by; trailing behind it as they glide across the sea.”

The Glory measures two hundred-fifty meters stem to stern; staggered into two sections stacked like steps, and a beam of twenty-two meters.  I would guess she measures at a height around thirty meters to the draft line of approximately seven meters in depth.  There on the bow, like a combination of a figure heads merged with the nose art of old war planes, a painting of King Neptune with his trident.  As bulky as my description may sound she is quite sleek.

“These two pontoons, supporting the aft section, retract after takeoff”, he informs.  “They remain down like landing gear while on water.  The pontoons house the nautical engines for travel on planetary seas.”

I learn that there are also two massive thruster housed in the sub-hold.  In the stern there is a great bay door; when it is in the down position machinery can drive in and out of the main-hold for loading cargo.  I see the men securing the cargo just as the delivery of supplies arrives.  The men make quick work of the delivery truck’s load.  There is so much commotion on the dock; it is ten times busier than the dock back home.

“Looks like we have arrived just as the Captain and Lieutenant have”, beams Chief.

The Captain stands just inside the great bay door for The Glory’s hold; beside him is a very large Mastiff.  The canine stirs as he adjusts his ears to zero in on our sound, staring off in our direction signaling our arrival.  The Captain is talking to a female Danae’.  The extremely beautiful and exotic Danae’ woman smirks a we arrive to their position.  The intoxicating sent of jasmine rises to tickle my nose.  I also happen to notice her hand loosening its grip on a very large knife; letting it slip back to rest in its scabbard.

“What’s the matter Lieutenant”, laughs Chief.  “You seem on edge.”

“It was Augustus’ reaction to your arrival”, she replies with a smile as her elongated canines flash in the light.  “It must be due to him not recognizing Eldon’s scent.”

“Permission to come aboard Captain”, I ask in nautical tradition.

“Permission granted”, relies the Captain.  “Welcome aboard the Independent Star Freighter 1313 Neptune’s Glory.  I assume you are Mr. Eldon”, he states with an extended hand.  “I am Captain Jasper Ezekiel Frost.”

He is a perfect gentleman and beloved captain.  He is a Human possibly in his early fifties.  His hair is straight chestnut brown with some streaks of gray; about shoulder length.  With a short van dyke beard and handlebar moustache that frame out his face; giving it a narrow pointed appearance.  He is nicely dressed with well polished black boots that end about fifteen centimeters below his knee.  He wears an ornate uniform jacket fitting of his rank; with its shiny brass buttons, and his decorative cutlass.  This is an officer’s cutlass; usually presented to an individual upon promotion to this rank.  It may be more of a status piece, but I don’t doubt for one moment that he is not highly skilled in using it.

“This is Lieutenant Shara Ti’Shetal”, introduces the Captain.  “She is my second in command and Security Office aboard my vessel.”

The Lieutenant is the stunning Danae’Talun beauty with the giant knife.  Her long, flowing, black hair like silken ribbons and milk white skin make for a striking contrast.  By her body markings, I would place her around twenty five to thirty years of age.  I have heard that the Danae’ age slower than Humans.  She stands poised silently in stark beauty; like a majestic jungle cat monitoring its prey.  I am feeling a little bit rattle by her gaze partly from her beauty and because of her piercing glare.  I can’t tell if my heart is beating so fast due to my nerves or from her.

“Excuse me Captain”, she states as her communicator goes off.  “I have to take this.”

At the end of the dock there comes a screeching sound followed by the hiss of air brakes.  An amazing looking tractor trailer pulling two trailers; the first trailer is custom matched to the rig about twelve meters long, and the second very standard at sixteen meters in length.  Malcolm and Angus jump in to the mule and rush down the dock.  They unhook the end trailer, push it down the dock, and up in the main hold.

“Hey rookie”, calls Timothy.  “You’re on the clock.  I need you here!”

I place my package down and rush over to help Timothy as he tosses me a thick strap to be fed into a ratcheting end tethered to the deck.  Eyes will be on me so let’s show them what you got.  The brothers make their way back down the dock to hook into the lead trailer and then push it into the hold as well; closely followed by the rig itself.  The driver hooks his rig back up to the lead trailer, shutting the engine down.  He jumps out of the cab throwing a salute, signaling a hello.  He starts to walk over to the Captain.

“Captain”, shouts the Driver over the noise from all the equipment.  “I didn’t know you had a new man.”

“He just started”, replies The Captain.  “Your rig is the first thing he has secured for me.  I hope this one works out!”

“Really”, spoke the Driver.  “Looks like he has been at it for years; thanks for being able to squeeze me in, last minute and all.”

“It’s never a problem for an old friend”, smiles The Captain.

At that moment he reached the Captain, handshakes are exchanged, and they pat each other on the shoulder.  They talk for a few minutes then the Captain excuses himself.  He takes out his communicator and makes an announcement, “Attention crew, we are fully loaded, please seal the bay door.  We sail at 0500 get some rest, Thank you and enjoy your evening.”

Amber lights begin to flash and an alarm sounds to warn of the closing bay door.  A hallow thud echoes in the main-hold as the door closes followed by a ratcheting click signaling the door is sealed for zero atmosphere.  The lights and the alarm cease.  Chief walks over to me and waits for me to finish my work.

“Woo-who sealed in our can”, cheers Angus sarcastically.  “Another week of excitement”, as he lowers his head letting out a breath.

“Lad”, states the Chief.  “It’s time for the tour.”

“Let me retrieve my package”, I reply.  “Then we may begin.”


The Neptune’s Glory


I Follow Chief to the stern of the hold, and flanking the great bay door are two stair cases leading up to a catwalk.  This area houses a large freight lift and what appears to be extra cargo space for smaller containers.  “Below us is a sub-hold that houses tanks for ballast, and primary hydro-jet thrusters”, informs Chief.  “The bow section is a complete separate compartment from the rest of the hold.  “This is where we store the forklifts and mule.”

We continue on through a thick bulk head, separating the hold from the rest of the ship, and enter C-deck.  This is the deck consisting of the airlock, the upper level of the engine rooms, the armory, the two storage holds, and the control room.  The airlock consists of individual lockers with each crew member’s name on it.  I am told that this is where the atmosphere suits are kept, and that I will be sized up for one before we take off.  The room is very clean and has the appearance of a locker room.  The only difference from a typical locker room is the lack of showers; the addition of a simple control panel use to operate the door functions, as well as the maneuvering of the boarding tube.

“The armory” he begins.  “Houses the power generators for all the ships weapons and shield; as well as our weapon’s locker”, as he points to the locked caged area surrounds part of the perimeter of the room.  “This is where all of the weapons and ammunition are kept under strict inventory.”

“This is quite an impressive collection of firearms”, I say in a shocked tone.

“Some ports require us to be armed for protection.  The Lieutenant and the Captain are the only two officers that can open this locker”, he continues.  “They are also the only crew members permitted to carry a side arm aboard ship.”

“What about emergencies”, I ask.

“Great question Lad”, he commends.  “In the event of an emergency the failsafe will override the lock out.”

There is spiral staircase, in the center of the armory, against the bulk head, leading to an open hatch.  From the opening I can hear the Lieutenants voices speaking encouragingly accented with the occasional swear.  “What’s up there”, I ask.

“That’s a little place we call The Hammer of the Gods”, answers Chief with glee.

“What in the world is that”, I inquire with great curiosity.

“That’s the main gun turret”, clarifies Chief, “And it sounds like the Lieutenant must be busy replacing the roller bearing that we picked up for her.”

“Wow”, I gasp.  “With a name like that, it sound like it can really do some damage.”

“Come on”, smirks Chief.  “Let’s take a peek.”

Here we find the Lieutenant with her snowy white complexion.  She has removed her jacket and is wearing an athletic tank-top allowing for a clear view of her beautiful body markings. Her very rare lavender marking spans the length of her spine; at least of what I can see.  From what I have read, this process begins at adolescence; as the color begins to spread outward in varying and unique patters; covering the back, the arms, and legs.  The markings never spread onto the abdomen, or face.  At the age of thirty the progression ceases.

“It is the most deadly weapon this end of the system,” he informs.  “The Hammer, or HOG for short, is a pair of twin Vulcan cannon.”

“Vulcan Cannon”, I ask.

Just then the sound of a wrench slipping off a nut is heard quickly follow by the sound of soft flesh being stopped by metal.  “Damn it”, shouts the Lieutenant.  “This cursed nut is seized”, as she grasps her left hand in pain.

“Here Lieutenant”, states Chief as he comes to her aids.  “Let’s put a little heat on the bugger”, as he ignites a small torch.

I open a med kit on the wall of the turret and remove a cold pack and pass it to her.  I find it very difficult not to stare too long into her hypnotically electric, amethyst eyes; with their very vibrant and fiery shine.  This, shimmer, is an advantage in lower light situations.  “Here Lieutenant”, I say as I pass the cold pack to her.  “This should help with any swelling.”

“Thank you”, she begins as Chief works at the troublesome nut.  “It’s nothing major”, she states as she wipes her brow leaving a smug of dark grease against her pale skin.  “Are you sure that you’re cut out for this life?”

“I know that this is a hard life, Lieutenant”, I state.  “I’m not afraid of any of that.”

“Got it Lieutenant”, cheers Chief as the sound of his voice breaks our gaze and pulls us back to reality.  “The hub is now free.”

“Thanks Gumph”, she replies.  “I can take it from here, and Eldon think this over before we set sail in the morning.”

“I have”, I begin.  “I have made my choice.”

“I’m just letting you know that this is not any easy life”, she replies.

“Ok Lieutenant”, Chief begins.  “We will be out of you way now”, he pauses to collect his thoughts.  “Where was I?  Oh yes!  It is the plasma version of the Gatling style guns of olden days.”

“Those are the ones with the rotating barrels”, I ask.

“That’s the one Lad”, says Chief with a chuckle.  “Each cannon has six 80mm barrels.  Starting in the upper right corner and moving clockwise in direction is Shiva, followed by Kali; next is Ares and Hadur.  The Hammer is the creation of the Lieutenant and me.  We modified her in the workshop aboard The Glory all the cannon rotate inward towards a central apex.  The difference is ours uses Ion energy in the form of plasma; unlike the standard version that uses 30mm projectiles.  The Hammer is way more powerful; especially when it has a bore 50mm greater, and is accompanied by three others just like it.”

“I would not want to be in the way of that hammer strike”, I state.

“Amen to that Lad”, smirks Chief.  “It’s like experiencing a baptism of fire at 7,000 pulses per minute times four.”

“What!  28,000 pulses a minute at 80mm diameter”, I gasp.  “Well you certainly have named it properly.”

We make our way out of the armory as Chief turns to me concerned with something that has accrued in the turret.  “The Lieutenant was not picking on you back there”, he states.

“I didn’t pay much mind to it”, I reply.  “I’m use to hard talk from my fellow dockworkers.”

“You have to be careful around the different races”, begins Chief.  “Some of the customs that we are use to may be viewed as offensive to them.”

“I meant no harm”, if blurt apologetically.  “What did I do?”

“No need for concern here”, reassures the Chief.  “The crew here know and understands that there maybe someone who is coming in contact will other race for the first time”, he says as he searches for the right words.  “Between you and me the Lieutenant is a very breathtaking beauty.  With the Danae’ women looks are deceiving.  They are far fiercer than their male counterparts and excel at combat.  In their culture, the males, serve more nurturing rolls.  Back on Vena these rolls, decades ago would have be deemed feminine.”

“I’m not sure I follow”, I reply.  “The females are males?”

“No, not at all”, responds Chief.  “It is a Matriarchal society.  The women typically take on, what is perceived by our world as male rolls.”

“I think I follow you now, Chief”, I answer as I scratch my head.  “So the military, for example, is primarily female.”

“Now you’re getting it Lad”, he begins.  “Next stop is my department, Engineering.”

Engine room 1 and 2 flank each other towards the middle of C-deck.  These rooms are two stories and lead directly to D-deck.  The engines are housed in the protrude wing like structures.  Engine room 1, Is on the port side of the ship; its houses the main drive number 1 and secondary drive number 3.  This is where the engineering control room and Chief’s office are located.  Located on the starboard side is engine room 2, housing main drive number 2 and secondary drive number 4, as well as a large workshop.  We head into Chief’s office where he takes out a communicator and an ear piece for me.  He plugs it in to a computer where it uploads the necessary programs. He then asks me to place my finger print on the screen.  He hands it to me, and then tests it with his own.

“The Glory now knows you’re aboard”, informs Chief.  “Don’t lose it, don’t break it, and don’t give it to anyone.  It is like your digital ID, if you will.  You will also receive your pay with it and will be needed at check points.”

“I understand Chief”, I reply.

“If the scan is correct”, adds Chief.  “We also have an atmo-suit just your size.  I’ll set up a locker for you when we finish the tour.”

We head back into the main corridor, and in the extreme rear of the deck is the control room, the brain center, of the ship.  All the life support systems and functions of the ship are controlled through this room.  It is a very sterile feeling room with its walls covered floor to ceiling with processers.  Through a hatch in the floor of in the extreme stern of the ship is the rear turret.

“Neptune’s Trident is down there”, says Chief as he points to a hatch in the floor.

“A fitting name for this ship”, I respond.  “But what is it?  I assume a weapon of some sort.”

“That’s correct Lad”, states Chief.  “She is a set of three weapons, his trident.  There are two 120mm plasma cannon.  We can also fire our grapples from the turret.  There is a kinetic energy cannon located in the center of the weapon, thus completing The Trident.  We refer to it jokingly as The Static Stinger.  The cannon can launch an energy disk roughly a meter in diameter.  This is formed by the energy absorbed from our shields as well as any waste energy The Glory produces.  It takes some time to charge its reservoirs, but when fired, it proves most effective at disabling a ship’s shields.”

“Another creation of you and the Lieutenant I presume”, I say with a smirk.

“Aye Lad, it is”, he replies grinning from ear to ear, like a proud father speaking of his child.  “It works off the principal of physics; energy cannot be created or destroyed.  In this application we are simply recycling it and passing it along.”

“The Glory sure does have some impressive weapons”, I add a bit confused.  “I thought she is a freighter not a war ship.”

“Aye, she is a freighter”, replies Chief.  “In the words of a great Dwarven leader:  Alnina preparun mor ba ana prazuna ba bestna.”

“I’m not quite sure that I follow you, Chief.”

He looks at me with a puzzled face then translates, “Always prepare for the worst and pray for the best.  We don’t look for a fight, but we don’t run from one either.”  With a smile he informs, “We now must go down before we can go up.”

We step onto a platform lift; as we descend to the belly of The Glory.  I realize how clean and quiet the ship is even the engine rooms.  Beneath the control room is where you can access the Trident and directly in front of us is by far the most impressive engineering marvel to me; the gyroscopic gravity pump.  This gyroscope creates an artificial sensation of gravity while in the Abyss.  Now we head back up and out into the main corridor to enter the elevator and once again descend to D-deck.  From here you can access the secondary drives as well as the fuel plant, and nautical hydro-jet pods.  I am given a brief overview of the water treatment facility and desalinization system.  This is located on the port side of the ship and directly across from this room is the waste treatment plant.  From our conversation I learn the nautical drives are much louder and anyone in the engine rooms at that time is required to wear ear protection.  We are back into the elevator and heading up.  The doors open and we step out.

“This is B-deck”, explains Chief.  “This is where all the sleeping quarters are as well as the main head.”

We start at the left of the elevator and move clock wise around the perimeter of the ship.  At the 1 O’clock position is Chief’s room, the Lieutenant’s room, and a laundry room all on the port side of the deck.  Directly behind the elevator is our dormitory and main head.  Which is flanked on either side by thick double doors that lead out to the quarterdeck.  Continuing in a clockwise fashion is some additional storage, then Myra’s room, next is Pete’s, and finally in the stern is the Captain’s quarters.  I’m told all the offices have their own bathroom.  I can only imagine that the Captain’s room must be glorious.

Back in to the elevator and we head to the fourth floor.  The doors open and we step out of the elevator onto A-deck.  The whole rear third of the ship is the Lounge.  The lounge has many large comfortable sofas and chairs.  There are a several large TVs, three dart boards, and two billiard table.  There is even a separate room for fitness.  The extreme stern of the deck is a beautiful balcony that is accessible while in atmosphere.  The sick bay or medical cabin is equipped with four older style medical pods.  The pods must have been military surplus of some sort.  The medical programs are updated regularly.  Chief assures me that the pods are fully capable of performing everything from removing a simple splinter to life saving surgery.  The starboard side features the galley, cold storage, and two guest suits round out the deck.

“The Bridge is the highest level of the vessel”, instructs Chief.  “Here is the briefing room. This also serves as the seating area for us during takeoff and landings.”  There are several chairs equipped with hefty restrains and tables that are used for briefings.  In the front corners of the room are two control stations and flanking a corridor.  Chief continues, “Down this corridor will lead us to The Helm.”

We head down the corridor or what I would describe as the turtle’s neck.  The corridor is about nine meters in length.  When we emerge we are in the helm, or wheel house on smaller nautical vessels.  The Helm, or again as I would describe it, the turtle’s head, juts out over the quarterdeck.  “Oh hello, Gumph”, greets a woman with a start.  “I didn’t hear you there.  I was so busy reviewing the flight plan.”

“Evening Myra”, addresses Chief.  “This is our new man Eldon.”

“Hello Eldon”, she smiles.  “I’m Myra Fierson Quartermaster and ships Pilot.

“I’m pleased to meet you”, I reply as I turn my view to outside the porthole.

Myra is a Human female, and from her accent I can tell she hails from the nation of The Republic of Centralia on Vena.  I would place in her close in age to Chief.  She is charming with a maternal aura about her; motherly with a rowdy side, that is.  Myra has shoulder length wavy ash, blond hair and beautiful grey eyes.  She wears a jacket that is common among pilots, which is adorned with patches and pins of various accolades.  With a quick glance at her jacket anyone could tell she has been flying expertly for decades.

“It’s quite a view”, she claims.  “I just love looking out there.  When you look down you can see The Hammer just in front of the nose of the helm.”

“How far down is it from here”, I ask.

“The main deck is about sixteen meters below us”, she informs.

“We will let you get back to your work”, states Chief.  “We are finished anyway”, as we turn to make our way back out into the main area of the bridge.

“Have a good evening boys”, wishes Myra.

“In an extreme emergency”, informs Chief in a very serious tone.  “This whole level is a life raft.”

“The whole Bridge deck detaches”, I ask.

“That correct, Lad”, he begins.  “We have enough supplies to survive comfortably for fourteen days.  Well Lad, you’re free to roam the ship just use the pressure plates to open the doors”, states Chief, “If it doesn’t open it means the clearance is restricted to you.  If you get lost don’t call me.”  He pauses and with a chuckle adds, “That concludes the grand tour, and all tips are appreciated.”

“Chief”, I begin, “I want you to have this”, as I hand over the package I had been caring.

“What’s this Lad”, he asks.

“It’s for you”, I reply, “I want you to know that I will work just as hard, if not harder than the other men.”

He opens the wrapping to finding the growler of his beloved stout.  “Is this what I think it is”, smirks the Chief as he glides his thumb over the brewers seal on the cask.  “Aye, it is!”

“Enjoy Chief”, I state as I begin to walk away.

“Lad”, he begins while glaring at the cask.  “Flattery will get you nowhere with me, but booze will.  You’re alright Eldon.  Now rest up.”

We share a hearty laugh, and head back to the elevator.  Chief shows me to the dormitory so I may begin unpacking my belongings.  It is a room with six sets of bunk style beds, but far nicer than any I have ever seen.  There is some storage under the bunks even for the top ones; as well as lockers along the wall.  A heavy privacy curtain can be pulled around the entire bunk if so desired.  There is a vast lavatory with four stalls, four separate showers and four sinks.  There is a round table capable of seating four.  My bunk mates are here playing cards and enjoying a few beers.

“Pick any bunk from the set on the far left”, informs Malcolm.  “There are fresh linins in the locker marked with your name.”

“Thank you”, I reply as I pull open the curtain on the bottom bunk closest to the bulkhead.  “By the gods, man; what in the hell is that”, I shout as I nearly fall to the ground in shock.

The men erupt in an uncontrolled laughter at this.  “I see you found my Balor mask”, chuckles Angus as he flops on the floor in delight at his prank.

“I didn’t know what that was”, I reply trying to regain my breath.  “All I saw was two glowing eyes of amber looking right back at me”, I calm my breathing as I stand to my feet.  “How did you know that I would choose this one?”

“We didn’t know”, Angus replies.  “We rigged all four bunks.”

I inspect each bunk reveling three additional grotesque faces from Dwarven folklore waiting to attack from behind each curtain.  I should have been prepared for this.  I cautiously open the locker to retrieve the bed linens to find a huge rubber rat stuffed between the layers.  Pulling it out by the tail I turn to find my bunk mates cracking up with hysterics again.

I make my bunk and discover a small display screen that set into the bottom of the bunk above me.  This functions as a video diary so a sailor can send messages back home.  I find that you can also streams a video feed from the lounge receiver so you can watch TV.  The audio only works through the ear piece so it won’t disturb your bunk mate.  I finish stowing my goods and take moment to send Uncle Ebbum a video message just to let him know I am doing well, and to give him the name of my ship; that will act as my address for future communications.

I begin to walk out of the dorm, as Timothy shouts, “Hey rookie it’s your job to take this trash to the compacter shoot.”

I quietly grab the bag and head out of the dorm; I see how it is going to be. I’ll need to earn their trust and respect; besides I would expect nothing less from a seasoned group of salts.  I drop the trash in the compactor unit located in the laundry room, and head to the double layer door at the front of the deck.  I place my hand on the pleasure plate; its display signals that the atmosphere is stable then the door unseals and opens.  I step out onto the quarterdeck I look up to see the underside of the helm.  I walk to the rail and look out over the main deck.  There is a staircase that leads down on the starboard; in the same location on the port is the airlock door and hatch for the retractable boarding tube.  Nestled in-between the stairs and the boarding tube is the very intimidating turret The Hammer of The Gods.

Once on the main deck I wonder how the crew gets down to ground level; surly one would not be forced to have to open the great bay door every time we enter or exit the ship.  There is no gangplank to be seen even when we first approached the ship.  Just then I hear a noise from the port side by the boarding tube.  I walk towards the noise to investigate.  In the sinking sun light I see a shadowy mass emerging from, what looks like, a hole in the deck.  The soft, warm light of sunset cats its glow on an enormous man.

The platform lift thuds as it seals to the main deck.  The massive Aqualon steps off the lift and locks eyes with me.  In a concerned tone he asks, “Who the hell are you?”

“I’m Eldon Samuelson, sir”, I reply in fear of my safety.  “I’m the new deck hand.”

“Well then Eldon Samuelson”, he bellows.  “Have a good evening”, he wishes as he turns to head up into B-deck.

He is a hulk of a man and his voice is booming, baritone; extremely deep in pitch.  I would guess him to be in his late thirties, and stands about two and a half meters tall.  He has a dark tan complexion with long black hair.  His eyes are like two polished orbs of jade.  I wait for him to enter B-deck before walking over to the lift to quench my curiosity; I notice a control panel mounted to the railing that encompasses the lift.  I lean over the bulwark and notice a recessed track that descends all the way down to the water level.  I assume this is for the platform lift to glide in.

“Eldon, do you read”, squawks my communicator.  “I read you”, I answer.

“It’s me, Chief”, he replies.  “I’m just checking in with you, Lad.  Pete just told me he thought he scared the life out of some greenhorn on the main deck.”

“I was startled by an Aqualon”, I reply.

“That’s just Pete”, informs Chief.  “Pietriv Nirvioch is the Communications and Navigations Officer.  He is also The Glory’s Co-pilot.”

“He is one of the biggest men that I have ever encountered”, I state.  “Well at least that closely.”

I’m glad Chief checked in with me; Pete really caught me off guard.  I head to the bow of the ship; I ascend the six steps to the forecastle.  I stand quietly between the bowsprit and the bulwark; watching the sea drink the sun, letting the fresh salty air relaxes me.  Reaching into my pocket to retrieve my ear buds attached to my music device; I just stare out at the horizon for a while listening to the calming music.  It starts to sink in, the loss of my mother, the new beginnings, and my dream made real.  As the day quickly fades and night begins, so does a chapter of my life.  I get the strangest sensation of déjà vu.  Almost as if, I have been on this ship before standing in this exact spot watching Lunaris Omega, Vena’s second moon, cast its rusty grow upon the sea.  The blue-green glow of Vena clearly visible in the night sky, this is such a foreign sight to me.  So sudden, in its quiet beauty, the day ends only to shortly give birth to a new one.

Realizing the time I decide to head back to my bunk to turn in for the night.  I make the walk back towards the bulkhead hatch, and start to climb the stairs to the quarterdeck.  Taken by surprise I notice that I am not alone.  There seated in a chair on the quarterdeck is someone relaxing.  Making sure not to startle them; I make a bit of noise to announce my arrival.  Now on the deck the figure comes into view.  It is the truck driver that we picked up at the last minute.  He is sitting on a portable chair reading a digital book sipping some hot tea, peppermint, I believe from the faint aroma.

“Good evening”, says the Driver.  “Looks like I’m not the only one who needed a bit of fresh air.”

“Aye sir, it helps me to relax”, I reply.

“The name’s Jack”, says the Driver as he pauses taking a sip of his tea.  “You must be Frost’s new man?”  Jack is a Human male somewhere in his fifties, with thick black framed glasses.  His salt and pepper hair is thinning, but still able to be slicked back to cover his bald spot.  He pulls his brown eyes away from his digital reader and makes eye contact with me.

“That is correct, my name is Eldon.”

“Well Eldon, you sure seem to know your stuff”, complements Jack.  “I’ve been around a lot of docks and warehouses, and you know more than a lot of worker twice your age.”

“Thank you Jack”, I reply.  “I have been doing this work for almost three years.  That’s quite a rig you have there.”

“Thank you, she is my pride and joy”, replies Jack.  “I call her The Dawn Breaker; we have been hauling for almost twenty years.  I have flown with the Captain many times in the past decade.  Most of my flights were on The Wanderlust.”

“The Wanderlust”, I ask.  “What was The Wanderlust?”

“I first met Captain Frost when he was working for a company hauling cargo and supplies during the great colonization boom.  The Wanderlust was the name of Frost’s first commercial vessel.”

“Commercial vessel”, I inquire.  “What did he command prior to the Wanderlust?”

“Captain Frost started out his sailing life in the Vinlandian Navy”, begins Jack.  “He is a decorated war hero who has had a very promising career.  In fact, if he stayed in the Navy he would most likely have been an Admiral by now.  Like most Venian’s my age, he fought in the last great war Vena has seen.”

“My Uncle fought in this war as well”, I interject.  “He was drafted into the Army, and served in the 42nd Infantry Division.”

“I served in the Army myself”, adds Jack.  “I was in the 23rd Infantry Division of the 123rd Aviation Battalion, and served as a gunner on a helo transport.”  He paused to collect himself then advised, “Be thankful you will never have to see such horrors in your life.”

“Thank you Jack”, I begin.  “If it was not for people like you and my Uncle who knows what the state of Vena would be today.”

“We were just doing our duty”, he replies with valor in his voice.  “Frost was different from men like your Uncle and me.  He enrolled in the officer’s academy straight out of school, and entering active duty with the rank of Lieutenant.  After a few years he was promoted to Captain and placed in command of an Arleigh Class Destroyer the UVNN Athens DDG-36.  His ship received 9 battle stars during this conflict.  Their victories help to result in the unification of Vena”

“Wow”, I gasp.  “I remember learning about the Athens in history class.  That’s a guided missile destroyer.”

“After the war the Captain played a major role in the organization of the United Venian Navy”, continues Jack.  “He left the service feeling like a man betrayed by his cause.  From what I can gather, Frost attempted civilian life but never could fit in.”  Jack looks at me with serious eyes and says, “War changes people. No one who has ever fought has ever left being the same person to enter combat.”

“I can’t even begin to imagine”, I state compassionately.  “I’m sure that there are things that can never be forgotten.”

“This is true Eldon”, he begins.  “But we do our best to move on.”  He pauses to take a sip of his tea then says, “So moving on with the original question, the Wanderlust was a good ship.  She was very basic and not quit as comfortable on the longer hauls; not as luxurious as The Glory”, Jack pauses taking another sip of his tea.  “He only had two crew members on that old tub.  She was half the ship The Glory is; not just in appearance, but in function.  About five, no six years ago, The Captain, Chief, and Myra stumbled upon The Glory adrift, dead in the water.”

“Whoa, so she was just out in The Abyss”, I state with surprise.  “You mean to say a complete ghost ship?”

“That is correct Eldon”, replies Jack.  “I don’t know all the details, but he was granted a salvage title, sold The Wanderlust, made the repairs, and christened her Neptune’s Glory.

“These types of stories are so interesting to me”, I begin.  “Jack you have left me with more questions than answers.  I will have to ask about the whole story one day.”

“I’m sure the full version is more interesting than mine”, states Jack.

“I love a good story, especially when it’s a true story, and even more so when it has something to do with my life”, I pause to yawn.  “Oh, excuse me.”

“It’s getting late and I won’t keep you”, says Jack looking at his watch.  “You don’t want to be tired for duty.”

“Your right Jack, It would not look good for me to be dragging ass on my first day”, I rub my eyes as they grow heavier with each word.  “Good night Jack and thank you for the story.”

“Night, Eldon”, he wishes.  “See you in a few hours for takeoff.”

Just then my communicator goes off.  It’s the Chief requesting assistance.  “Eldon do you read me”, he inquires.

“I read you Chief”, I reply.  “What can I do for you?”

“I need you to report to my office at once”, he instructs.  “There is a hydraulic issue.”

“I’ll be there in five minutes”, I reply.  I press my hand to the pressure plate to let me back into B-deck.  I make my way to the elevator and head down to C-deck arriving in Chief’s office.

“Here, grab this box”, orders Chief as he hands it to me.  “We have a potential failure in the hydraulic line on our port side nautical boom.”  We head into the engine room and descend into the lower level making our way towards the nautical boom’s hydraulics.  We begin our search for the potential leak.  “I think I’m on the trail of the leak”, smiles Chief as he climbs up on top of the assembly.  I am following the lines with my eyes, scanning them for any potential issues; as Chief pops his head up and says, “Lad, Pass me the crimping tool.”

With these words I notice a giant bulging portion of line begin to give way.  I drop the crimping tool and pull Chief down off the boom assembly; he land on top of me.  This all happens in a flash.  Chief is stunned for a moment as we hear the pinging of metal striking metal with great force.  We get to our feet as hydraulic fluid begins to spray about the room.  I quickly clamp off the line and flip the bypass valve before the entire reservoir of cylinder number 6 looses all pressure, and causing stress to the remaining 5.

“Lad”, begins a still shaken Chief, “You saved my arse”, he walks over to the mashed brass coupling picking it up and runs his finger along indentation it has caused in the bulkhead, “That would have caught me right in the head.  It would have put my light out for good.”

“You would have done the same for me”, I reply.  “I’m just glad I saw it in time.”

“Me too”, he shivers at the thought of what could have been.  “I suppose that would have looked odd finding the new mate alone with his superior, dead.”

“It would be the brig for me”, I say.  “Well at least until the investigation was over; I don’t think I could handle the brig.”

“Nah the brig’s not so bad”, states Chief.  “It’s peaceful as long as you the only one in there.”

“You sound like your speaking from experience Chief”, I state quite shocked.

“Well it was many years ago”, he begins.  “I was a bit of a wild lad and the Navy was the best way that my dadaidh could think of straitening me out.  I joined up with his permission at the age of sixteen.  I entered into the combat engineers.  My unit was NMCB-4; we were a rough and ready group willing to kick some arse all while building bridges and various structures needed to get to the enemy.  I completed my boot camp in Nur Kinhula; then was sent to Gran Loch for specialized training.  I fought in the War of Liberation, as we called it on the allied side.  I joined up two years after it began, and two years after that I was sent into rotation; five years later the war was declare a victory.  The extremist refused to accept defeat; however that last year of service I believe my unit saw the most action.  Not long after victory was declared, the coalition force started morphing into the Unified Navy of Vena.  I was stationed in one of the nastiest areas anyone could choose to make a home.  I don’t know why they unified government didn’t just give this area to the members of the Federation of Independent Nations or FIN; that’s what the remaining resistance choose to call themselves.”

“What was the name of this place”, I ask as if finish crimping the new splice into the hydraulic line.

“Kandamira”, sneers Chief.  “That’s the shit hole I spent two years rebuilding the bridges the FIN would blow up, repaving the air fields they would destroy, and keeping the supply routes open for the convoys caring refugees in from these hot zones.  I was at the battle of Lukovar.”

“Lukovar”, I gasp.  “I learned about that in History class!  You’re one of the luck few that survived.”

“Aye, Lad”, he continues.  “It was the bloodiest battle of the entire war and to add insult to injury it happened after the war was officially declared over.  That’s where I received this”, he crams his left hand deep into his pocket to retrieve a war metal.  “This is my Naval Cross.  I didn’t do anything more than what you just did for me.  I suppose the difference is when the right people whiteness it you get one of these.”

“Well what happen”, I ask as we begin cleaning up the spilled fluid.  “Who witnessed this?”

“A convoy of refugees was headed in across the bridge we were securing, by the gods that was our bridge and one was going to blow it up again unless it was us.  The convoy hit a crude ordinance on its way to the bridge crossing.  It must not have detonated properly because it should have turned that bus into tiny pieces.  Something had to be done, the rebel forces were closing in on the convoy.  I took two of my men with me as we crossed the bridge to attempt to get the bus running again.  A unit of four Marines was securing the bridge entrance from their machinegun nest, on the combatant side.  The driver had exited the truck opening the hood, but a sniper quickly took him out. The Marines opened fire towards the approaching insurgents as Clancy, one of my men, got a fix on the snipers position.  The sniper turned his attention towards the machinegun nest.  One of the Marines was hit as Clancy began firing mortar round at this position until we could get to the refugees.  I quickly went to work on the engine as Fargus was hit securing our perimeter.  Donaldson grabbed him and placing him into the truck.  I got the engine patched up; just a torn fuel line, leaking radiator, and busted ignition wires.  Donaldson tried his best to keep Fargus alive.  I lowered the hood and was hit in the leg.  Donaldson jumped out of the back trying to help me in, but he must have found another mine that was buried near our position.”  Chief pauses looking at the metal in his thick hand, “These fancy pieces of metal can’t bring back the Dead!”

A long while passes as we finish cleaning up from our work.  We head back into Chief’s office and stow the tools away.  He tells me to take a seat as he types in some quick notations in his maintenance log.  He pulls out a bottle of rum and pours a bit into two coffee mugs.  “To the fallen”, he toasts with the mug in his hand.

I grasp my mug saying, “To the fallen.”

“Those days are long past Lad”, he begins.  “This was a lifetime ago.  I was very angry about the whole thing; I let my temper get the best of me.  I had lost two good men, two very dear friends, but we saved twenty innocent civilians.  I was rotating out and was in a shuttle port when I hit bottom in my career.  There was some hot shot officer talking to the media about how the peace keeping efforts were working.  He was some pretty boy who got his rank out of kissing the arses of top brass and had never seen the horror first hand.  I let them have an earful.  Well pretty boy didn’t like this so I walloped him.  He looked like a big white rag doll as he fell to the floor, and to add insult to injury his nose bled all over his fancy white uniform.”

“So what happened next”, I ask hanging on to his every word.

“I went to the brig”, he replies.  “I was brought up on charges for striking an officer.  My defense attorney convinced the tribunal that I was under immense stress due to the events at Lukovar.  He also used that tiny piece of metal to my defense.  I was given two options; first was be stripped of rank and remain in service with six months in lockup, or option two was take a discharge keeping my rank of Chief Petty Officer with a month in the brig.  I got out and started working in engineering and that’s when I met Myra and the Captain.”

“Do you know how the Captain and my father knew one another”, I inquire.

“No Lad”, he answers as he looks at his watch.  “It’s late and we have duty in a few hours so get some rest, and thanks; I owe you one.”

I head back up to B-deck to make my way to the dorm.  My mates are already sleeping, so I make my way to the bathroom to brush my teeth; I look at my reflection in the mirror and it looks somewhat different.  It startles me for a second, almost like I could see myself ageing.  Not just in years; emotionally, spiritually, and in wisdom.  I find myself looking at things differently; as if some great sleeping spirit that is Eldon has finally been aroused.  It’s like a slave who has finally realized that his hand and feet are no longer shackled.  That his range of motion has increased and there is nothing to hold him back.  Entering the dorm I quietly climb into my bunk.  I lie there listening to my music; not realizing it, I drift off to sleep.


Security Report of Sorts
A Journal Entry of Lieutenant Ti’Shetal


Today we have taken on a new mate.  He is a rather young Human who has just suffered the loss of his NaIma.  From what his record shows, it would appear that she had suffered for a great length of time.  I keep forgetting that time to these Venians is much shorter than for the Danae’Talun.  I suppose in the case of his NaIma this was for the best.  I have not spoken to my own NaIma for a Xiulune year, and hearing of his plight has caused my old wounds to reopen.  I know she is well, BaPita has told me so in our weekly communications.  It would appear that BarNam Johar has completed his apprenticeship and has opened his own shop.  I am very happy for him.

Now for the logging of business; today I completed repairs to the ceased roller bearing on the Hammer.  I was surprised that it still functioned as well as it did; being as worn as it was.  It was a blessing from the gods that it did not fail in a time of need.  I must make sure that there is never an issue with this system; especially the way things are escalating in recent months.  I would appear as if the Pirate situation is growing faster that the USSG can handle.  I must make sure to run more frequent drills to prepare for such an issue.  I must remember to buy Gumph a pint of that dark thick beer he loves so much, for his help in the removal of a seized nut on the bearing hub.

I can’t stop thinking about the new mate.  He is very charismatic in an innocent way, and when he was so quick to react to my injury it stirred something within me.  There is something about this Human that has taken hold of my curiosity.  Wait, you must not let feeling come before your duties; perhaps I am being too strict with myself?  I know that the security of this ship and safety of this crew is my responsibility, but I must remember that I am approaching full adulthood shortly.  Maybe I should start considering candidates for a NavHira.  Really Shara do you think that choosing a Human is the right choice?  I suppose that I never considered this.  Well if the gods smile upon any union then why not.  Damn anyone to ShoNaka for standing in the way of any two people who are attempting to find happiness.

Despite my better judgment I went to medical to have my hand scanned.  My left hand is a bit swollen and has suffered a tiny flesh wound to the fourth and fifth knuckle.  This is nothing that a good soak in some NamMelah, of my home city, won’t fix.  I know it is nothing, but I can’t enforce the ships protocol if I don’t follow it myself.  I have always led by example.  I’m just glad that it is not my dominate hand; just in case I need to perform my duties in a hand to hand manner.

The further I try to distance myself from my old life in the service the more I find that I am thrown into this role.  I guess that if you are that good at something, it will undoubtedly follow you the rest of your life no matter how hard you try to escape it.  The Humans have a saying “You can out run your past but time will catch you.”  I am beginning to believe this proverb.  I still have to fill out the incident report before I turn in for the night.  I must wrap this up for I am still having trouble sleeping at night.


We Sail With the Tide


I am awakened by my alarm; as my bunk mates are rising to meet the day.  We shuffle into the bathroom and begin getting ready to set sail.  I quickly shower and shave.  I head back to the bunk and change into my clothing; within fifteen minutes I‘m ready for duty.  I follow the men out into the hall and head to the elevator; where we are met by the Lieutenant.  I can’t say for sure but I think she winked at me.  I can’t really trust my eyes yet, I haven’t had any coffee.

“Good morning men”, she greets as we all file into the lift.

“Good morning”, replies the group.

“How’s your hand Lieutenant”, I ask.

“It’s much better”, she replies.  “Thanks to the cold pack I was able to keep the swelling to a minimum.”

Timothy presses the button sending us up to A-deck to head to the galley for some breakfast.  We enter the galley where Chief, Myra, and Pete are already there enjoying coffee.  “Lad, it may be best to refrain from food”, suggests Chief.  “Perhaps you should just have something to drink.”

“Why is that Chief”, I ask as my stomach lets out a growl.

“This is your first take off”, he informs.  “You don’t know how your stomach will handle this.  You may want to wait till we are out of atmosphere to eat.”

“I will have to agree with Chief”, interjects Myra.  “The weather report is calling for 3 meter swells; besides vomit is strictly forbidden on the bridge.”

The group breaks into laughter when Pete hands me a bag.  We finish our breakfast; then clean and stow the dishes for the takeoff process.  We leave the galley and head to the bridge.  The Captain and Augustus are standing front and center awaiting our arrival.  The Captain is dressed in maroon jacket and wearing his cutlass.  I also notice a beautiful pistol holstered in his belt.  Augustus is wearing some sort of harness; I suppose to secure him for takeoff.  We stand at a row of seats as Jack comes in to join us.

“Good morning crew”, says The Captain.

“Good morning Captain”, replies the Lieutenant.  “We are reporting for duty.”

“Our take off will begin shortly”, states the Captain.  “First we will review our itinerary.  We are heading for the planet of Zenum, and our estimated time of arrival is seven days.  For those of you who need a refresher, Zenum’s current orbit places it across the center of the system.  Zenum is the mining planet and the second closest inhabitable planet to our sun.  We will land and Jack will off load his rig.  Then I have a lead on some ore that we will pick up for delivery on Maris.  There we will off load all the cargo and using an old connection on a load that will bring us back to Zenum.  This is when Jack will rejoin us; Any Questions”, the Captain pauses looking at us.  “OK, then let’s begin the check list.  Lieutenant the floor is yours.”

“Captain”, replies the Lieutenant.  “The weapon systems are fully functional.  Thanks to Chief and Mr. Eldon, for picking up the new roller bearing for The Hammer.  The Shield generators are fully operational.”

“Excellent”, booms the Captain.  “Chief, how are our engines?”

“Captain the Ion generators are running smoothly.  Main drives 1and 2 check out perfect.  Secondary drives 3 and 4 are looking good.”  Chief pauses then with a glance at me continues, “There was a slight problem with the port side hydraulic for the nautical boom arm.  It happened to be a weak hose and coupling.  If it was not for Mr. Eldon’s keen eye and quick thinking it would have been a major problem.  Five minutes and we had it changed; I must say that I’m sorry I ever doubted his qualification.  All systems are a go in engineering, Sir.”

“Excellent!  Thank you for the vigilance men”, replies the Captain in a pleased manner.  “Pete you’re up.”

“Capitan all new navigational updates have been input”, says Pete.  “The com-towers have full signal.”

“Thank you”, adds the Capitan.  “Myra the floor is yours.”

“Captain the life support systems are a go”, begins Myra.  “The gravity pump is showing a strong signal, and fuel rods have been replenished.”

“Thank you all this is excellent news,” says the Captain as he turns to head to the helm; Augustus by his side.  He looks at Chief and then orders, “Have the men release the mooring lines.”

“Aye, Captain,” Chief replies.  “Alright Lads, you hear the Captain.  Prepare to get underway.”

The Captain heads down the corridor with Augustus; as Pete and Myra follow.  I join the other hands in the elevator.  We head down to B-deck and out the double layered doors to the quarterdeck; from hear we head out onto the main deck.  A crew from the dock is awaiting our arrival.

“I’m a bit nervous”, I begin.  “I’ve done his before but from the opposite side of things.”

“You’ll be fine”, informs Timothy.  “Just keep in contact with me and watch for my signals and all will be well.”

We begin to release the mooring lines; as Timothy radios Chief to inform of the completion of our task.  We head back into B-deck; then rejoin the rest of the crew in the bridge, already seated and strapped in to their chairs.  I take my seat, which is on the port side of the bridge, next to Jack.  The Lieutenant sits in front of us off to the side facing a control consol.  The other hands sit across the aisle from us, and Chief mirrors the Lieutenant in seating position.  Two large screens, flanking the corridor to the helm, turn on with a view from a camera mounted outside on the nose of the helm.  All the communications are broadcast over the bridge’s intercom.

“Mr. Pete”, orders The Captain.  “Please open a channel with the harbor tower.”

“Aye Captain”, replies Pete.  “Harbor tower this is ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory.  We are requesting clearance for takeoff, do you read?

“ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory we read you.  This is Harbor Tower LSHT3.  Request received, please hold for an open lane.”

“Weigh anchor”, commands The Captain.  “Myra the channel is yours.”

“Understood Captain”, replies Myra as Pete raises the anchors as a bell rings two times.

“Neptune’s Glory”, informs LSHT3.  “You may begin to taxi out to Northeast Gate 12.”

We begin to maneuver out of the docks towards Gate 12.  “Tower”, Myra in a commanding tone begins.  “This is ISFI-1313, we are holding for lane clearance.”

“Copy that Neptune’s Glory”, states the LSHT3.  “You are clear to proceed to lane 225 at a speed of five knots.”

“Ms. Myra”, orders The Captain, “The helm is now yours please take us out.”

“Aye, Captain”, she replies.  “Tower, this is ISFI-1313 proceeding to lane 225 at five knots.”

We begin to make our way out to our designated lane at a slow pace.  So far it just feels like a nice boat ride.  I am feeling a bit relaxed but I know once we get clear of the harbor it’s going to be a lot faster and a bit bumpier.  Jack looks over at me and notices how nervous I am.  “It’s gonna be just fine Eldon”, says Jack reassuringly, “I have done this dozens of times...I still haven’t gotten the hang of it.”

“It’s that bad that you can notice”, I ask.

“I think your finger prints are going to be permanently imbedded into the arm rests of your chair”, chuckles Jack with a smirk, “Here, have some gum it will help you relax.”

I take a piece of gum from Jacks and begin to chew it as I watch the markers, signaling the harbor’s edge, grow closer.  It takes about fifteen minutes to get to open waters.  Myra was right the swells are high today; causing us to rise and dip.  I begin to fan myself fighting off the flush feeling that has come over me.  Now I begin to sweat a bit, and my steady chewing becomes ferocious chomping.  My heart is starting to pound in my ears and I’m breathing is fast and shallow.

“You’re not going to lose it”, asks a very concerned Jack.

“There is nothing in there to lose”, I reply with a forced smile.  “It was a good that didn’t eat anything.”

“LSHT3 to Neptune’s Glory, do you read?”

“Tower this is ISFI-1313”, replies Myra.  “We read you loud and clear.”

“Neptune’s Glory”, informs LSHT3.  “You are clear to take off.”

“ISFI-1313 to Tower; we copy that.  Beginning conversion to Ion Drive”, Myra instructs.  “Powering Nautical drives to full.”

The drives begin to whine as they are throttle up to full speed.  I feel myself sink into my chair as we hit forty knots.  We seem to be cutting through the swells as we head into some approaching weather.  It would appear the swells are being cause by this small system closing in on Lunaris Station.

“LSHT3 to Neptune’s Glory, you are cleared to engage Ion Propulsion.”

“Copy that Tower”, replies Myra.  “We are engaging Ion power in 5 seconds.”

“Powering up Ion propulsion”, Pete informs as we then speed up to about 160 knots.

“Disengage the Nautical drive”, orders Myra.

I feel the great force of the thrusters’ catapult us forward and we are pushed even further into our seats.  I feel the blood leave my limbs for a moment from the sudden change in speed.  Sweat begins to bead on my brow as I race to catch my breath.  The whine of the thrusters is a scary and unusual sound; which I suppose is normal due to the lack of concern from the crew.  After three hundred meter of this anxiety I feel us beginning to pull out of the water.  The rushing sound of the sea slapping at our hull reverberates as we take to the air.  My stomach drops for a second as we start to climb.

“Retracting nautical boom arms”, instructs Pete as he pushes a button.  “Nautical booms secured.”

“Captain”, begins Myra.  “I’m adjusting our heading to the coordinates.”

We climb high and higher; as we push through the storm.  The sky opens up as we are above the clouds and before I know it we were in the stratosphere.  Things smooth out here, and I find it to be less turbulent.  In a matter of minutes we are on the edge of the atmosphere.  The blue glow of the planet is behind us; the blackness of The Abyss ahead.

“Captain”, states Pete.  “The gravity pump is engaged.”

Here we are, out of atmosphere, I can hardly feel the transition from the planet’s gravity to the artificial one of the ship.  In fact I can hardly feel motion at all.  Jack looks over at me and smiles.  The display screens turn off, and then there is an announcement.  “This is the Captain”, he begins from over the intercom.  “We are successfully in The Abyss.  You are free to move about.”

“See it wasn’t that bad”, says Jack.

“Honestly”, I smirk.  “I thought it was going to have a problem if we were in that chop a minute longer.”

“Come let’s go get something to eat”, says Jack with a smile.  “I have to have an empty stomach for these things too.”

We get up and head to the galley as I realize that this is my first true space flight.  Jack and I enter the galley where we find other member of the crew preparing some coffee.  He prepares some breakfast for us as we toast my maiden voyage.  Jack pulls me aside and warns me of a customary hazing ritual, that our course will inevitability invite.  I assume it will come when I lease expect it.  My main concern is; will it come before or after our first port of call.


My Maiden Voyage


To my surprise there is far more down time than I had imagined on a voyage.  This is all very new and exciting to me, but now I understand Angus’ comment when the bay door was sealed.  There are daily maintenance duties that need to be completed.  Sometimes all you want to see is a normal sun rise or sun set.  I greatly miss being able to take a simple walk in the fresh air.  However, this being said, most of the time is spent in the lounge playing eight ball and cards.  Friendly bets are made amongst one another; between the hands the usually wager is our duties.  If a challenge is made between one of the hands and the officers it usually results in the cleaning of one’s laundry or the cleaning of their private bathrooms; on occasion, credits are bet.  This helps us keep our sanity.  I learn early on to never bet the Lieutenant.  She is very deadly at eight-ball, nine-ball, crickets, or any game requiring hand eye coordination.

On this particularly quiet evening I decide to practice my dart throwing.  The Lieutenant enters the lounge as she takes a seat on one of the plush sofas.  She focuses her gazes out of the large glass door to the exterior deck.  I glance over to find her sneaking a look at me.  This goes on for several minutes as I go to retrieve the darts from the board.  I turn to head back to the distance marker to find her standing there.

“You’re dropping your wrist”, she instructs with a coy smile.  “You need to follow through till the dart clears your hand.”

“I see, so I should lock my wrist, like this”, I state as I hold my arm out.

“Almost”, she giggles.  “Here stand straight, like this”, as she places her hand on my lower back.  “Now you want to gently hold it”, as she places my fingers in the correct position.  “Now float it out of your hand like this.”

The dart soars to the bulls-eye, as she places her hands upon my shoulders.  I can smell her fragrance and feel her breath on my earlobe.  This gives me goose bumps as I slowly begin to turn to face her.  “Eldon”, squawks my communicator.  “Do you read me?”

“You should get that”, she replies.  “It sounds like the Chief may need you.”

“Eldon, do you read me Lad”, inquires Chief.  “I need you to check on the waste treatment plant.”

“I’m here Chief”, I reply.  “I’m on it.”

“Well Eldon”, smiles the Lieutenant.  “Maybe we can continue this lesson another time.”

“I hope so Lieutenant”, I reply as I head towards the door.  “I most certainly hope so.”

What just happened; that was more than just an instructional on how to throw a dart.  I think that I may be in over my head.  If this is what I think it is, I may be the luckiest man in the system.  Now hold on just take it easy; remember she is an officer on this vessel.  I have to relax and not read too far into this.  I calm myself as I enter the lift heading to D-deck.  I have found myself becoming a bit of an apprentice to the Chief.  We spend lots of time in the engine room when we are not in the lounge placing bets; I hope this is not a major issue with the treatment plant.

I am learning all about the Ion propulsion system, I guess it is really in my blood.  It is incredible how quiet and clean the engine rooms are.  The trash disposal system in the galley makes more noise than anything down on D-deck.  There is just a slight, ever present, hum very similar to the noise made by the clothing dryer.  “Chief, do you read me”, I begin.  “I have isolated the issue; nothing more than a clog in the secondary incinerator.”

“Lad”, he replies.  “Were you able to clear it?”

“I’m starting it back up as we speak”, I inform.

“Well done”, he commends.  “Thanks Lad.”

We have a very strict check list that must be tended to every twelve hours, and not a minute later.  The core temperature of the propellant is very critical for proper engine function, and to the safety of the entire ship.  It would do irreversible damage to the engines long before any harm came to the rest of the ship, but as Chief says, “It’s better to be safe than sorry, or dead,” as he always follows up with a guttural laugh.  So far, out of all the crew, I feel the closest to Chief; he has taken on the roll of my ship father.  He guides me, and keeps me out of trouble; unless the trouble is his idea.

This evening, well after dinner, I was feeling a bit claustrophobic having been cooped up in this vessel for nearly a week.  I hate not being able to tell what time of the day it is; it’s always dark in The Abyss.  I wonder into the helm, to gaze out the windscreen.  Myra is quietly seated in her chair at the controls.  “Oh, good evening.”  I state not expecting anyone to be present; then ask, “Permission to enter the helm?”

“Permission granted Mr. Eldon”, Myra responds.  “What brings up here this evening?”

“Would you mind if I just quietly look out at the stars for a little bit”, I ask.

“I don’t mind at all”, she replies.  “I could use some company”, she pauses for a minute making a slight adjustment to our course.  “Please take a seat...no, sit up here, next to me.”

“You mean in the Co-pilots seat”, I state with disbelief.

“Yes of course, why not”, she replies somewhat puzzles.  “You can’t hurt anything, besides the controls are locked out.”

I settle into Pete’s seat and fall against the back rest.  I feel like I am swimming in his enormous chair.  A few moments pass as we sit quietly listening to Myra’s soft, soothing, jazz music.  “I love listening to Miles and his trumpet.”  She takes a deep breath, then smiles and says, “Especially when I’m sitting up here gazing out at the stars.”

“It is breathtaking”, I pause enjoying the song a moment.  “Isn’t this song called All Blues?”

“Wow!  Very impressive”, she responds.  “I didn’t take you for a jazz fan.”

“I guess you can say I’m a music fan.”  I answer and after a few minutes I ask, “So what brings you to the bridge anyway, I thought the auto-pilot could handle this portion of the voyage.”

“Normally it could, but the sensors picked up a debris field”, she informs.  “I told Pete not to worry, that I would take care of it.”

“It sure is amazing out here”, I gasp.  “I always thought the sight of stars from home was amazing, but this; this I don’t even have words for.”

“Aye, it is difficult to put it to words”, she begins.  “However, it can make you feel all alone at times.  It has a way of humbling you.  I’m glad you came along when you did.  Sometimes it’s nice to know that there is someone there next to you.”

A few minutes of quiet comfort pass as we both get lost in the stars as the music softly plays on; then I inquire, “Ma’am, do you mind if I ask you a question?”

“Not at all, Eldon, you may ask away”, she replies.  “Oh, and please just call me Myra.  I may be considered an office on this vessel, but I’m just a pilot.  Unlike some of the other members of this crew I have never been in the military.  I however have been flying since I was twelve years old.”

“You started out young”, I state with amazement.

“Yes it was a hobby that I shared with my father”, she answers.  “My father was a racer; he loved flying.  He would take me up in his personal craft as far back as I can remember.  It was only natural for me to get my license.”

“Jack was telling me a bit about The Wanderlust”, I begin.  “He said that you and Chief served on her under Captain Frost.” 

“Ah, The Wanderlust, she was the Captain’s first civilian command”, Myra reminisces.  “She was a very basic, but a very reliable ship.  It must be almost six years since I have seen her.  She was a first generation star freighter.  The Captain was contracted to a company back on Vena”, she pauses as the song Round Midnight begins to play.  Myra closes her eyes as to feel the music, and then continues.  “Chief and I worked for The Ventura International and Off-Shore Hauling Company or VIOSH Co. for short.”

“I know that company”, I state very shocked.  “VIOSH Co. owned the shipyard where the company I worked for had their Pier.  I guess they were our land lords.  It is also the company that my father worked for.  He worked in the R&D department developing Ion propulsion.  He and his team were pioneers in the field of The St. Elmo’s Fire Thruster.  His work also included the Sultana Project...he was killed in a terrible accident about seventeen years ago.  I suppose this is how the Captain knew my father?”

“I remember that, it was the worst industrial disaster in the last one hundred years.”  Myra with a somber look says, “Eldon, I am very sorry for your loss, and to answer your question you would really need to speak with the Captain about that.  That company is vast and has many departments all over the globe.”

“Thank you”, I begin. “But it was so long ago I can hardly remember.”

“If it helps, many safety measures have been put into practice to prevent future incidents”, Myra gently placing her hand on my shoulder.  “I know it doesn’t bring him back.”

“Thank you, but I was just a small child then”, I state.  “I don’t have many memories of him except this old, faded, shipyard picture of him and my Uncle Ebbum”, I pull the picture out of my pocket and pass it to Myra.

“Wait a minute this is the Captain”, states a surprise Myra.  “Your Father did know the Captain?”

“It has puzzled me from the moment I first laid eyes on the photo”, I reply.  “I did not know that man was the Captain until Chief saw this photo.”

“Has the Captain seen this”, she asks.

“No but I mean to ask him”, I begin.  “That is when the time is right.”

“Well”, she shrugs.  “He would be the only person that will be able to shed light on this issue.”

“Your right”, I mutter knowing what I must do.  “If you don’t mind, could you please continue with your story?”

“Sure, where was I”, Myra recalls as she hands me back my photo.  “Oh yes, Gumph and I already worked for the company; Gumph for the engineering department and me in the pilots’ coalition.  The Captain’s contract stated that he would only fly with the same two crewmen unless a sever circumstances arose.  He stated that he wanted us to work as a team and not two separate departments aboard the ship.  He could make such demands because he owned his vessel.  We served on her for almost fifteen years.  Our first missions consisted of hauling supplies to Lunaris Alpha in the early expansion of Lunaris Station.  Then eventually the colonization began, and with this the distances we traveled grew longer.  One day on a return to Vena from a voyage hauling construction materials to Midway Station, at that time, just a remote outpost for freighters.  We came across a vessel dead in the water, a real ghost ship.  I docked in close and Gumph set the grapples.  The Captain and Gumph boarded the vessel.  There was no sign of life and even stranger no registration numbers.”

“So it’s almost like she didn’t exist”, I state in an astonished tone.

“Exactly”, replies Myra.  “It was not hard to get a salvage title for her.  No crew and no cargo; meant on one to dispute the granting of the title.  We towed her back to Midway Station for repairs.  The Captain offered up a proposition to Gumph and me.  We gave our resignation to the company and he sold off The Wanderlust.  He gave us a paid vacation while she was overhauled to his specifications.  The Captain had her christened The Neptune’s Glory.”

“Wow”, I gasp.  “Do you think that it was the work of pirates?”

“Could be”, Myra answers with a shrug of the shoulders.  “I suppose; anything of value other that the ship itself was stripped and removed.  Eldon do you remember the legend of Attila the Hun and his sword?”

“Yes”, I answer as I take a moment to recall the details.  “He was out riding his horse and he stumbled on the sword he claimed was given to him by Mars the God of War.  What does that have to do with The Glory?”

“The Captain is a believer in destiny”, answers Myra.  “He believes that we were destined to find The Glory.”

“Myra, do you believe in destiny”, I ask.

“Well I am sitting here in this chair”, she replies with a smile.  “Something told Gumph and me to hang up the corporate gig and take a chance with the Captain.  Regardless of what you believe, it worked out for us in the end.  We have been living the dream for the past six years.”

Living the dream and she meant it too.  Being independent can be risky, but with a good ship, an even better captain, and a crew that can hold up to both; the possibilities are endless.  The ship is your home and not just a vessel, and the crew is family.  Like family they are always there in a time of need, despite any differences.  Not everyone can leave the safety of the corporate machine, but those that do trade there number back in for their name and co-workers for family.

We sit there together; the stars and Miles’ music setting the mood.  Silently we gaze out into The Abyss together feeling like a family.  This serenity is shortly lived; as the control panel lights with an alert.  “What is going on”, I gasp in shock.

“Sensors have picked up an object in our area”, informs Myra.  “Bridge to Captain, do you read me?”

“I read you Bridge”, replies the Captain.  “What is it Myra?”

“Sir, sensors have picked up an object, and it’s not a rock”, she begins.  “I think you need to see this.”

“I’m on my way now”, he replies.  “I’ll be there in five minutes.”

“Myra”, I ask as the object becomes clearer on the screen.  “Is that a vessel?”

“It looks like it once was”, she states in a shocked tone.  “This is not good!”

Just then the Captain enters the bridge.  “What are we looking at Myra”, he asks.

“I’m enlarging the image now, Sir”, she instructs as the bow camera zooms in on the object.

“By the gods”, spoke the Captain.  “That was a vessel, and now all that remains is this section of hull.  Can you find any identification numbers?”

“I see something here”, she states as she attempts to decipher the last digit in the sequence. “I think that’s a 5.”

“Run it through the registry data base”, orders the Captain.  “Let’s see if we can get a name for this vessel.”

“Captain, I have a hit”, informs Myra.  “By the gods…it’s the Venian United Ship Waratah?”

“The Waratah”, I gasp.  “That ship has been missing for more than half a decade!”

“That’s correct Eldon” he replies.  “This is one of the strangest mysteries in our lifetime.  Myra zoom into that section of hull”, orders the Captain.  “Damn it to hell, this is the doing of Golgotha!”

“How can you be sure Captain”, she asks.

“Look at the giant puncture”, states the Captain.  “There is only one ship that I have ever seen leave such a wound on anything it has attacked.  Myra, open a channel to the USSG; this must be reported immediately.”

“How do you suppose it made its way into the shipping lanes”, I ask.  “This is nowhere near its last know location.”

“Look at the crumpled skin of the hull section”, begins Myra.  “It looks as if asteroid strikes may have set it in motion to slowly drift into the shipping lanes.  Captain I have a channel.”

He relays the information to the USSG as Myra and I stare at the wreck in awe.  “They are dispatching a salvage team to out coordinates”, informs the Captain.  “The Waratah was carrying 100 passengers and 25 crewmembers.  Seven years ago they left for Zenum full with supplies and settlers; this was the early days of the colonization boom.”  The Captain pauses as seriousness comes over him, “She disappeared without a trace; that is until now.  In some ways this is still a great mystery.  Where is the rest of the ship; more importantly whatever became of the 125 souls aboard her?”

This is a horrible sight for my eyes that I will not soon forget.  All of the horrors that have been reported lately by the news, the story that Elik has told me, they are all true.  The Waratah is not even worthy of being called a vessel any longer just a large piece of a crumples portion of hull.


Port of Call


We are about twenty-four hours out from our destination.  Excitement grows within me as we near the orbit.  Chief and I are busy looking over the Nautical Drives in preparation for landing.  “So Lad”, begins Chief.  “This is going to be your first foreign world.”

“What about Lunaris”, I ask.

“Moons don’t count when it’s your world’s, Lad”, laughs Chief.  “Zenum is unlike any other world in the system. Zenum is a planet mostly owned by large corporations.  Each of the three mother planets has staked a claim to this arid rock; solely in the interest of her mineral wealth.”

“Wow, who governs over Zenum”, I ask

“The land is privately owned by the individual Mining corporations”, he informs.  “The United Congress closely regulates what happens on the surface, but most of them are share holders in these companies.”

“So it’s the same no matter where you go”, I smirk.

“The mines and refineries have given birth to hundreds of frontier, boom towns, and things are still a bit untamed”, he begins.  “The USSG has no jurisdiction on the surface due to Zenum being an Unincorporated Territorial World or UTW.  The law here is private security forces of the large corporations and volunteer militia known as the Colonial Guard.”

“How is there any law at all”, I state in an astonished tone.  “It sounds like complete chaos.”

“Believe me the mining companies do a good job at keeping things under control”, replies Chief then takes a long pause to record the hydraulic pressure from a gauge.  “Did you know there was very little native life on this planet in form of plant or animal, and water was next to nothing on the surface?”

“No surface water”, I gasp.  “Then how are we to land?”

“Once precious metals were found during the surveying process; the mining companies set out to enhance the atmosphere” he continues.  “In fact all the large bodies of water were constructed in the early stages of the great mining boom.  The seas were a much needed addition to the planet.  The construction of the seas was a coalition project headed up by the Aqualons, and overseen by the USSEC, or Guardian Corps of Engineers.  The seas were stocked with life to harvest for food.  The land vehicles are still kings of industry on Zenum.”

“So that’s why Jack is headed here”, I state with a smile.

“Aye Lad, with a dependable hauling vehicles a hard working individual can make a fortune on Zenum”, he says.  “This is due to the great distances between the seas, and no rivers to connect them.”

Now we are about one to two hours out of Zenum’s atmosphere.  I take notice how Zenum casts a reddish-brown glow due to its desert like terrain.  This is foreign to me; I am used to the bluish-green glow of my world.  The excitement grows within just knowing that in a few hours I will be on a new world.  Just then the Captain comes over the com-link asking us to assemble in the bridge for briefing.  I make my way to the elevator as I am met buy various members of the crew.  The doors of the elevator open as we proceed to the briefing.  The Captain is patiently waiting our arrival, with Augustus by his side, as we take out place in the bridge.

“Good evening crew”, begins the Captain.  “We have been informed that we are to hold orbit for a customs inspection.”

“Captain”, interjects Pete.  “The Inspectors’ vessel has just informed me of their arrival.  They estimate docking in fifteen minutes.”

“Thank you Pete”, replies the Captain.  “Tell them we will be ready with full cooperation.”

“Aye, Sir”, booms Pete as he relays the Captain’s message over the open radio channel.

“Lieutenant”, addresses the Captain.  “Please take Chief and Mr. Eldon to the airlock to receive the Inspection party.  The rest of us will await them here.”

The three of us rise to attention as the Lieutenant replies, “Understood, Captain!”  The Lieutenant turns, and leads the way back towards the elevator as Chief and I follow.

“Does the USSG conduct audits off shore for every vessel”, I ask.

“Not usually”, replies the Lieutenant.  “There must have been a raid on the planet and a seizure of a large quantity of contraband.”

“Lad, Remember this is a frontier planet and is still an extremely unbridled place”, adds Chief.  “They don’t want any more fuel for an already smoldering fire on the surface.”

“I understand”, I, reply.

“Just follow our lead”, states the Lieutenant.  “Do whatever they ask of you.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I reply.

We arrive in the airlock awaiting the announcement signaling the arrival of the audit team.  A few minutes of silence pass; then Pete gives the signal that the USSG’s boarding tube is extending to attach to The Glory.  “Lieutenant”, informs Pete over the com-link.  “Please open the outer hatch to the airlock.”

The Lieutenant steps forward to control panel; she presses her hand to the pressure plate, and begins to open the outer hatch.  Red lights begin to flash as piercing alarm sounds signaling that the air lock is open to zero atmosphere.  The USSG’s boarding tube docks to The Glory with a hollow, metallic thud.  I hear a ratcheting sound followed by a hiss of air.  The lights turn to yellow and the alarm changes in tone.  The sound is the tube sealing, and air flooding the pressure equalizes.  Once all is stabilized in the tube the light next to the airlock’s inner door goes to a solid green and the alarm ceases all together.  This signal shows it is now safe to open the hatch.  The Inspector and her team of seven emerge from the boarding tube and enter the airlock.  The Inspector presents her credentials; the Lieutenant opens the Inner door and steps back slightly in front of Chief and me.

The inspection team steps out of the airlock.  The Inspector is an extremely stern and slender looking woman of about sixty years of age.  She is dressed in her government issued black uniform with highly polished boots up to her knees.  Her jacket is adorned with colored pin of various certifications and merits of many loyal years of service.  Her gloved hand clutches a baton like device that she uses to scan over objects; allowing her an internal peek.  Her gray hair is pulled back into a very tight bun.  She has thin lips, and a very sharp nose that supports a pair of narrow rectangular glasses.  Her eyes are very dark almost black in color, and very piercing.  Her gaze is one that could see right into a person’s soul and snatch the truth.  She is followed by the three auditors; looking more like lab technicians than a government inspection team.  Lastly the four heavily armored Marines emerge bearing very large rifles.  They look machinelike, hardly even resembling living beings.

“I am Inspector Yoleman”, she begins.  “I am with the USSG Customs Department; Badge number 2850.  I am here to conduct a mandatory security audit; with or without your cooperation.  Your cooperation is not required; however the audit will be less time consuming with it.”

“Welcome aboard ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory.  I am Lieutenant Ti’Shetal, First Mate and Security Officer.  Inspector you and your team have our full cooperation in your audit.  Here is a crew manifest and our cargo log”, states the Lieutenant as she presents her communicator so the Inspector may authenticate her identity.  I observe Chief doing the same as I follow suit.

“Thank you, Lieutenant”, replies the Inspector.  “I will have one of your men escort one of my teams to the engine room, and the other to your cargo hold.  I need to view your armory to make sure all weapons are within unified government guidelines.  Then I require an audience with your Captain so I may begin the verification of your passenger manifest.”

“As you wish Inspector Yoleman”, states the Lieutenant.  “Chief will escort a team to the engine room and Mr. Eldon will escort a team to the cargo hold.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, replies Chief.

I clear the security check preformed by the auditor and take my team, an auditor and a marine escort, out into C-deck.  We head through the thick bulk head and onto the catwalk overlooking the main hold.  The auditor has me remain on the catwalk with the marine.  He continued down the stairs and begins to scan containers randomly.  He stops at Jacks rig and radios to the Inspector.  I can’t make out what is said.  A minute passes and there is a reply over all of the audit team radios.  I can make out a muffled communication, “Sending you the data on the rig’s operator now.”  The auditor continues along with his work.  Ten minutes into the audit Chief arrives with his team.  His auditor descends to join the other busy at work.

“Send the human down”, radios the auditor to the marine guards.  “We want a few containers opened” the menacing marine points to me and motions for me to descend into the hold.

“Don’t these guys ever talk”, I ask.  “I guess it adds to the intimidation factor.”  I begin the decent to their location; to find that they have a list randomly chosen for closer inspection.  I do as instructed; some are just a quick peak and for one they decide to take a more in depth look at the contents.

“It’s nothing”, shouts the auditor.  “The image on my scan turned out to be nothing.  You may seal this container.”

I again do as instructed; once the door is closed the team seals the container with a new security tag.  
The two auditors finish after another twenty minutes pass they climb the stairs to the catwalk where the four of us stand waiting their return.  We assemble on the catwalk when one of the auditors instructs us to take them back to the airlock.  We arrive there and await the return of the Lieutenant and her guests.  After about five minutes of very uncomfortable silence the Lieutenant arrives.  The Inspector and her team join the others already waiting just inside the airlock hatch.

“Thank you Lieutenant”, spoke the Inspector.  “And please, heed my warning for your crew’s safety on the surface.  Enjoy your stay on Zenum.”

The Inspector steps further back into the airlock and they head back into the boarding tube.  The Lieutenant seals the inner door.  The boarding tube’s seal breaks loose and begins to retract back to the USSG’s vessel.  The light start to flash red and the siren sounds again.  The outer door is sealed and the light changes to yellow and finally green as the pressure equalizes.

“Well boys”, sighs the Lieutenant.  “That was painless.  However we are gonna have to carry side arms on the surface.”

I must have a look of bewilderment on my face because Chief pats me on my shoulder, “You’ll be fine Lad just stick with me.”

We head back out to the lift and make our way to the bridge to join the rest of the crew.  The crew is talking quietly amongst themselves, and the Captain is crouched down; both hands cup Augustus’ face softly speaking loving words as he licks the Captain’s face.  He stands back up and chuckles as he looks about the room noticing that all are now present.

“Crew the inspection was quick and painless”, states the Captain.  “We have been instructed by the Inspector and the Security Council on Zenum to be advised to carry side arms while on the surface.  We should avoid areas too far into the city from the harbor.  You are not to go off on your own always be with at least one other member of the crew”, the Captain paused.  “We will begin our descent to the surface in a few minutes.  Myra and Pete please join me in the helm.”

The three of them and Augustus walked down the corridor to the helm taking their places.  The Captain straps Augustus into his cradle.  The rest of us strapped into our seat and prepare to land.  The display screens turn on and the reddish-brown glow of Zenum grows brighter as we get closer to its atmosphere.

“Pete”, commands the Captain.  “Open a channel to the harbor tower.”

“Aye, Captain,” booms Pete.  “Kalium Mine Towner this is ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory do you read?”

“ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory this is KMT5”, states the voice over the com-link.  “We read you loud and clear.”

“Captain”, informs Pete.  “I have a channel.”

“Myra”, replies the Captain.  “Continue with the landing procedures.”

“Understood Captain”, responds Myra.  “Tower, this is ISFI-1313 is requesting permission for descent into atmosphere.”

“Neptune’s Glory”, states KMT5 over the com channel.  “You are cleared to descend to an altitude of 20,000 meters on a heading of 33 degrees, 46 minutes, 12.18 seconds north and 118 degrees, 11 minutes and 37.46 seconds west.”

“Copy that tower”, replies Myra.  “Pete set the coordinates to the heading.

“Understood, setting our heading”, says Pete as he repeats the coordinates.

“Adjusting our angle of descent”, Myra informs.  “I’m switching off gravity pump.”  We begin to lower deeper into the stratosphere.  There was a slight moment of weightlessness, but hardly noticeable.  The landing is a little harsher on my stomach than the take off.  “Adjusting flaps”, begins Myra, “Powering back on secondary thrusters.”

I can hear sound of the flaps opening to ease our descent.  The engines make a whining sound as we slow to the proper speed.  “Neptune’s Glory this is KMT5 do you read?”

“Tower”, replies Pete.  “We read you loud and clear.”

“Neptune’s Glory, continue on your heading”, inform KMT5.  “You are cleared to touch down on Lane 632.”

“Copy that tower”, replies Pete.  “We are heading to Lane 632.”

When we are about forty meter above the surface of the sea there is another noise that is heard.  “Lowering nautical boom arms”, states Myra.  “Powering off secondary thrusters; I’m powering back the main drives to 25 percent.”

We gently skim the water and begin to ease deeper into the sea.  “Cutting power to main drives”, says Myra.  “Engaging the nautical drives”

“Neptune’s Glory, this is KMT5, do you read?”

“Tower, this is ISFI-1313 “, replies Pete.  “We read you loud and clear.”

“Neptune’s Glory, proceed on Lane 623 at forty knots to Harbor wall”, instructs KMT5.  “Then reduce speed to five knots and head to pier 7B dock 27.”

“Copy that tower”, responds Pete.  “We are holding a heading for destination of pier 7B dock 27.”

We make it to the harbor wall then the engines are powered pack to a crawl of five knots.  After a cruise of about fifteen minutes we start to maneuver into position.  “Chief”, commands the Captain.  “Have the men prepare us to dock.”

“Aye, Captain”, replies Chief.  “All right Lads to the main deck to receive mooring lines.”

“Understood Chief”, replies Timothy.

We unhook our safety restraints, and head to the lift.  Down we go to B-deck; then out to the Quarterdeck, and finally down the stairs to the Main Deck.  Angus and Malcolm take their places, one on the port and the other on the starboard.  Timothy and I head towards the bow and climb the stairs to the Forecastle.  We begin to back into our resting place, and Myra holds us steady until we can secure the lines.  First the ports side is secured tight then Myra turns the thruster to the starboard, my side of the ship.  I pull with all my strength to take the slack out of my line.  The engines power is cut and the command over our communicators is heard.

“Drop Anchor”, commands the Captain.

“ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory”, speaks the voice over the com-link.  “Welcome to Kalium Mine, and enjoy your stay; KMT5 out.”

We head back inside making our way to the main hold; where we are met by the Lieutenant and the Chief on the catwalk.  “OK men”, informs Chief.  “First, we need to get Jack on his way.  Then all the containers marked with the blue labels are next.  Then finally the remaining containers are to be off loaded.”

“Understood, Chief”, replies Timothy as we rush down to staircase to begin our task.  The quicker we finish; the quicker we have liberty.

“Chief”, order the Lieutenant.  “Open the bay door.”

“Opening bay door Lieutenant”, he replies.

With a great ratcheting sound the bay door unlocks as it begins to open.  Jack descends the stairs to the main hold with his bag slung over his shoulder he climbs into his rig.  Chief turns on the ventilation system to remove any exhaust from The Dawn Breaker.  With a deep rumble The Dawn Breaker moans to life from her long slumber.  Timothy and I finish removing all the restraints from the rig and give the sign to Jack letting him know he is clear to pull out.  Once out of The Glory he pulls fifty meter down the dock, and stops.  Timothy and I begin to work on the second trailer as the brothers arrive with the mule.  Now free for them to push the trailer out of The Glory and maneuver it into position to hook it into Jack rig and lead trailer.  The brothers finish hooking up the load and send the signal to Jack.  Jack steps out of the cab and stands up high facing back towards us waiving farewell.  Then climbs back into the cab and pulls on the air horn letting out two short blasts.  He is off, making a right on to the pier he disappears out of sight behind other vessels docked along the pier.

We are quickly back to work off loading our cargo.  Just as fast as we pull the container out of the hull they are whisked off by the waiting dock crew; now I know what it’s like to be on the other end of this operation.  Chief presents the bill of lathing to the dock foreman; relinquishing all responsibility of the containers into the hands of Kalium Mine Holdings Co.  We regroup in the main hold where we find the Captain and the rest of the crew assembled.

“Crew”, addresses the Captain.  “We have completed another successful voyage.  For this, I thank you.  I have a bit of a surprise for us.  We are to meet in the armory in ten minutes.  Please be dressed for a fun evening on the town.”

With this news we all erupt with hoots of excitement, and gratitude.  We jet up the stairs to the catwalk and back into the elevator and make haste to our dorm.  We try to ready ourselves in the allotted time; my bunk mates are the kings of the two minute shower.  I wonder what this delightful treat, the Captain has for us, could be.  We dress in some nicer clothing and a splash of cologne to finish things off.  There is lots of talk and speculation of our treat but in time, four more minutes by my watch, we will know.


The Main Event


We make our way down to the armory; where the Lieutenant is awaiting our arrival.  I wait my turn to receive a side arm; every member of the crew is issues a pistol and a holster.  Making our way to the main hold we meet the Captain.  I notice how heavy and bulky the pistol is; I have never shot a pistol before, however I am no stranger to target shooting.  My Uncle would take me out to his friend’s farm where we would have cook outs and shoot old beer bottles.

We stand facing out the great bay door just clear of the edge of the freight lift.  The yellow safety lights and a siren begin to signal that the lift is being lowered.  I can make out a large object on the lift with the Captain and Chief.  The lift comes to rest on the floor of the main hold’s deck.  There on the lift is one of the most rugged looking vehicles that I have ever seen.  It is a cross between an off road vehicle and some sort of military transport.  In the driver’s seat is Chief and the Captain is standing slightly behind him in what I am pretty sure is a gun turret.

“Myra”, I ask out of the side of my mouth.  “What in the gods name is that thing?”

“That thing”, she quietly replies.  “Is The Razorback; it is part all terrain vehicle and part light armored troop transport.”

“Crew”, says the Captain welcomingly.  “Please take your seats.”

We load into The Razorback taking our places; there are three rows of seats, and a small bed like area about one meter long by one and a half meters in width.  Chief starts up her engine and pulls us out of the hold; stopping he presses on his communicator which is now secured in the steering wheel of the Razorback.  The great bay door begins to close as we idle down the dock; turning right onto the pier, we make our way out of the harbor.

“Crew”, addresses the Captain out the Razorback’s speaker system.  “We have been invited to a special sporting event.  We have arrived just in time to view a championship match up.  So let us enjoy the hospitality of our host and indulge in some much needed relaxation.”

We cruise along the edge of The City of Kalium Mine.  We pass through many districts; each separated by the unique architecture of the race that inhabit a particular neighborhood.  In a short while we are through the city proper; reaching its edge, and into the desert terrain of Zenum.  We continue along the dusty freeway for what must be another twenty minutes.  At the bottom of the plateau sits a great arena.  It is swarmed with citizen of all the surrounding mines.  We navigate the labyrinth of the parking structure and find a suitable place for The Razorback.  The arena and its surrounding grounds are buzzing with excitement.  There is a fantastic, carnival like atmosphere about the venue.

We shuffle past people laughing and drinking.  Snaking our way past food hawkers and beverage venders; everywhere you turn there is another barker trying to get you to sample their goods, buy their cheap souvenirs, and handcrafted trinkets.  “Lad I have such a hard time staying focused”, states Chief.  “All this food and drink; I want to try it all.”

“I know what you mean”, I reply.  “I don’t even know what half this stuff is, but I know I want some.”

We make our way to the security checkpoint.  We are asked to undergo a search.  “Please surrender all weapons”, instructs the militia man at the check point.  “Then step through the scanner and redeem your claim ticket.”

One by one we pass through the check point.  The presence of security is everywhere.  I feel as if I am entering a prison.  “Ah Captain Frost”, spoke an usher.  “Please sir, if you and you crew will follow me to your seats.”

We are escorted to our seats located in a special VIP area of the arena.  Settling in as a band takes the stage to warm up the already frenzied crowd.  Twenty minutes of very energetic music further sets the mood of the party.  “I love this band”, spoke Chief as he rubs his hands together.  “These guys can really tear it up.”

“So you have seen them before”, I ask.

“Aye two years ago while on liberty”, he began.  “It was back on Vena during the Whickhaul Caisteal music festival.”

The master of ceremonies, flanked by two very beautiful scantily clad women, takes the stage.  The band’s equipment is cleared; as the ring is prepped for the first bout; a matchup is two Danae’ females.  They begin to enter the ring representing the lowest weight class.  This is the first of about a half a dozen matches.

“That’s it Lad”, fidgets Chief.  “I can’t take it any longer I’m getting us some grub”, as he flags down a passing concession cart and returns a moment later.  “Here try this, Lad”, he states as he hands me a paper bundle of steaming food.  “It’s called Peruna Paistett.”

“Wow this is amazing”, I reply.  “What is it?”

“The Lass said it is a type of root native to Xiulune”, he explains as he crams fistfuls of the fried cubes into his mouth.  “It’s sprinkled with salt and spice mix as per her recommendation.”

Midway through the sixth match the Captain and the Lieutenant are sent for by our mystery host.  They rise and excuse themselves; instructing us to enjoy the main event.  I watch them, escorted by security; make their way up to the top of the arena to a private box.  This is it the main event, a real clash of titans.  The arena erupts with a roar as the MC makes his way back to the ring followed by his entourage of beautiful women of all the races.  Kalium Mine local 124 is pitted against its arch rival Auro Mine local 33.  The champion, by one win, The Kalium Killer.  The Killer, a young Aqualon, is meeting once again; his long time rival, The Auro Avenger.  The Avenger is possibly the most massive Dwarf I have ever seen.

Chief and Pete look at each other with a competitive smirk.  “Hey stretch”, shouts Chief, “Care to make a friendly wager?”

“You’re on Stubby”, bellows Pete with his sinister laugh.  “So what shall it be; money, booze, or both?”

“If I win you show me a night on the town”, replies Chief.  “However it has to be on Maris an in true Aqualonian fashion.”

“Deal”, booms Pete, “Only if you agree to my terms. When I win, the whole time we are on Maris, you have to address me as Rradowali Pietriv, and a cask of the finest Dwarven stout.”

“Agreed”, chuckles Chief shaking Pete’s hand to seal the deal.

This is going to be interesting.  The match begins and it is complete bedlam in the arena.  Security is ever vigilant for trouble.  It is a grueling match round after bloody round.  Both men are at the verge of exhaustion.  Then as if some strange strength has been drawn from his soul The Avenger lands a solid blow strait to The Killer’s nose; smashing it causing him to lower his guard to his midsection.  Now a hefty shot to his abdomen causing him to hunch over exposing his great jaw.  The coup de grace is delivered with a combination of upper cut and a great jump.  The Avenger knocks The Killer down.  In an almost sad attempt to get back to his feet; his fatigued arms give out and he flops to the ring floor like a dyeing fish on a deck.  The referee finishes the ten-count, and The Auro Avenger is the victor.

“Victory”, shouts Chief as he performs a silly little dance in the isle.  “This is gonna an epic trip to Maris.”


The Showdown


The arena goes completely insane.  Half of the audience revels in the win while the other half wallows in the anger of defeat.  Just then I turn to see the Captain and the Lieutenant returning with their escort.  The Captain has an enormous grim upon his face.  “Come!  We must be on our way”, states the Captain.  “Let us retrieve out effects and hasten our exit, the atmosphere in here feels unstable.”

We all raise and file out of the jammed arena.  The Captain is right thing started to collapse inside.  “Keep close “, instructs the Lieutenant.  “The scent of a riot is in the air!”

Gathering our side arms at the security checkpoint; we shuffle our way back towards the safety of the Razorback.  As luck would have it, a group of rowdy miners looking for trouble, just happened to be between us and our exit.  “The fix was in” shout one miner as he shoves another.

“You’re out of your skull”, replies the other as he draws a knife.  “How in the hell can you say that?”

I watch it happen in front of my very eyes; I must confess that my eyes were wondering, and not by accident.  One of the swine; a particularly despicable specimen of existence; flat out lands his beastly hand upon the Lieutenant’s ass as she passes and smirks.  In a seamless motion, like a well choreographed ballet of destruction, The Lieutenant breaks all the fingers of his left hand.

“Ahh, that Danae’ bitch broke my hand”, he cries out in excruciating pain.

She quickly kicks hard to the back of his left knee, dropping him to the ground; as her giant knife gleams against his throat.  A great commotion erupts as the group of swine attempts to square off with us; I draw my pistol, but before another move could be made we are completely surrounded by the Colonial Guard.

“Under Zenum law section 42.01.06 states that any individuals involved in a physical dispute have the right to a fair duel”, addresses the Sergeant motioning for weapons to be lowered.  He paused then turns to the Lieutenant, “Witnesses state that you were assaulted by this man, is this so?”

“This is correct Sergeant and that is the truth”, answers the Lieutenant.  “I will face this scoundrel in a duel.”

“Let the record show the plaintiff has chosen to duel”, states the Sergeant.  “I see that you carry a pistol and a cutlass.  The choice of dueling weapon is yours.”

“I see that the scoundrel carries a pistol”, answers the Lieutenant.  “I will show him a quick and merciful death.  I choose the pistol.”

“Very well”, begins the Sergeant.  “The law is simple and swift.  It is to be a fair fight of pistols at the quick draw!”

The Lieutenant stands there facing the offender.  Her beautiful eyes seem to pierce through the villain.  A crowd gathers, and people begin to place bets on who will win.  I am feeling very sick inside and must have turned as pale as the Lieutenant’s fair complexion.  They stand there still, sizing each other up as a smirk forms on her face.  I start to panic inside, but wonder why the rest of the crew is so calm and confident.  I can’t take it; my heart is pounding in my ears everything is in slow motion as one of the swine speaks, “It’s too bad you gota’ kill her.  She looks like she would be fun for the night.”

Like a flash of lightning or the lunge of a coiled snake the Lieutenant pulls her pistol from its holster.  Her shot rings out landing a hint to the fools head before he could even raise his pistol.  Her pistol is holstered just as quickly as it is drawn.  Her hand comes away from it as the lifeless body hit the ground.

“Any other of you swine want to have fun with me tonight”, threatens the Lieutenant spitting on the dead man.

I find myself in shock as Chief ushers me with the rest of the crew.  “You all right Lad”, He asks.

“I will be”, I mumble with the sound of the gun shot still ringing in my ears.

I want to protect her, keep her safe, but how can I every offer security to such a deadly flower?  I feel all crazy inside.  I can’t figure it out.  I know we are all like family, but with Lieutenant Shara there are very new and scary feelings that are stronger than any other I have ever felt.  I am snapped out of it with the sound of Chief firing up the powerful engine of The Razorback.  I don’t remember the walk here or even climbing into my seat.  I feel numb all over.  The kind of numb you feel after the initial shock subsides; like being woken out of a sound sleep.  We idle out of the parking complex; making our way back to the open road; heading for the safety of the harbor.

“Attention crew”, states the Captain.  “We have a load of ore that is headed to Maris.”  Chief looks back in the rear view mirror at Pete; who lets out a huff.  He shakes his head and raises his hand to his forehead in disbelief.  He realizes that he will have to make good on his wager; while Chief is grinning ear to ear.

“The good news is the Lieutenant and I have bet our client that his man would lose”, continues the Captain.  I was able to get each crew member an extra 100 credits.” We all cheer wildly for the Captain and the Lieutenant.  “Crew”, interjects the Captain raising his hand.  “After the third round our client decided to up the wager.” the Captain pauses, “We don’t even need to load the hold just direct his crew where to place the containers”, he turns to the Lieutenant and says, “Good shooting, are you all right?”

“Never better, Sir”, she replies with a smile.

The Captain laughs heartily and the crew joins in as we speed along the desert road.  The night is a perfect one; except for the fact that Shara was in a gun battle.  I can’t believe she is not fazed one bit.  I guess it must be the years she spent in the military that conditioned her for such events.  There is lighting off in the distance.  I close my eyes and breathe in deeply.  The smell of the air is a familiar one.  It instantly transports me back to my apartment on MacDougal St.  I remember vividly sitting on the fire escape on nights with the same feel as tonight.  It was in the perfect location to people watch.  Nestled in between West 3rd, where you have the park, and Bleecker; lined with its many restaurants and shops.  I would sit out there listening to the radio; I can almost hear it now.  It is most likely something along the lines of Incident of 57th Street followed by Kitties’ Back (B. Springsteen).  I had spent many nights sitting out there watching the people pass.  You could catch bits of conversation as they stroll by; the scents of food from the restaurants being carried on the warm breeze of summer nights.

I open my eyes to see that we are almost back to The Glory.  I find it weird how a cretin feel in the air can transport me back so quickly.  Maybe it is a defense of my brain; an attempt to calm my frayed nerves.  I look at Shara and see that she is completely calm.  Almost as if she were with me on the old fire escape; sharing a beer and a smile.  She looks at me as if she were reading my thoughts; our eyes meet, just for a moment.

“Hey”, she whispers as she smiles sweetly.  “Are you OK?”

“Me”, I gasp.  “What about you”, I ask as that unsettling feeling of déjà vu settles in again.

“Everything is just fine”, she states as she blinks slow and long; then turns her attention back towards the ship.

This drives me crazy; seeing her in her infinite beauty smile at me.  Is it possible that she may feel for me the way I do for her?  Slow down take a deep breath, and be cool.  She is a woman; this is no place for school yard fumbling.  I can’t let this push me into making some crazy, rash move.  For the sake of the gods relax.  As promised by the Captain, there is a crew of workers assembled and waiting our return.  This pulls me back to reality.  The focus on work gets my head out of the heavens.  We pull in securing The Razorback, and head down to the main hold to take on the duties of foremen for the waiting dock crew.

“Once all is secured”, instructs the Captain.  “Please get some rest.  We set sail for Maris in just six hours.  That is all.”

I see a strange aura of light come over Timothy’s face.  I wonder what could have him so excited about our destination.  The Captain then turns to head up the stairs followed by Pete, Myra, and lastly Shara.  I look up the stairs at her from across the main hold, and for one last time this evening her eyes meet mine as to say good night.  It is a long, caring gaze.  I can even detect a hint of danger hiding behind her glowing amethyst eyes.  I know it now; she does feel the same way about me.  I must let her make the first move.  Of what I know of her, she is a woman of action and well planned strategies.

Back to business, and in an hour we will have finished.  We conduct the mechanized orchestra; all is loaded, logged and secured.  “That’s it men”, informs Chief.  “I’m sealing the bay door.”

We head up the stairs to our bunks for a short rest.  This time none of the men seem to mind our leaving port for our next destination.  It only takes but a few minutes of my head resting upon my pillow, and I am relaxed.


Security Report of Sorts Part 2
A Journal Entry of Lieutenant Ti’Shetal


I had to take a life today.  This was the first time in years that I had to stare my enemy in the face the watch the life leave his body.  It is different when you see the face of your enemy.  This is a part of my life that I don’t believe that I will ever be able to escape.  I was hoping that once I left the military this would be a part of my past.  I suppose that this is my duty as Security Office aboard this vessel, to keep this crew safe.  I must not let this get the better of me; this was a random act brought upon us by the stupidity of an alcohol and testosterone fueled mistake.

I could not help but notice the concern look upon Eldon as this event played out.  I did notice that he attempted to come to my aid, once again, in a very chivalrous manner that I find to be a fleeting trait of his race.  We Danae’Talun call this HarMits Herat.  He is different; he stirs strange feeling deep within me; feeling that I have not ever felt in my life before.  When I look at him my stomach churns with a giddy nervousness; that differs from the sensation I would feel just before a mission.  This is a feeling that is a welcoming one of electric excitement in some sort of anticipation for more.

When our eyes meet this feeling intensifies and seems to jolt elation into my heart.  Is this the precursor to Py’Arva?  When he looks at me it is as if I can peer into his very soul, and I believe what I have seen is pure and true.  I must figure a way to make this Human mine. Now back to business.  In our next port I should ask the Captain’s permission to lead a lesson in honing the crew’s skills with firearms just in case another situation, such as this evening’s, arises again.

I cannot believe that we have helped to solve a seven year mystery involving the whereabouts of the Waratah.  Captain is sure that this is the work of the notorious Golgotha.  He seems to have a great disdain for this person; far beyond the norm.  I wonder if he fought against this man during his world’s Great War.  It is not any of my business and if he wished to share any additional information of his past it is completely up to him.  It is 2230hours and the sensors are all clear of any hazards.  I will turn in for the night, but not without wondering what Eldon is thinking of.


The Aqualon


The alarm comes way too soon.  I have rested well but hardly long enough.  I pull myself from bed feeling my eyes burn inside their sockets.  “Are me eyes bleeding”, asks Angus.  “They feel like they are.”

My comrades and I struggle to life; then head to the galley for a quick shot of strong coffee.  “Have they stocked medical with caffeine IV’s yet”, jokes Angus.

“What’s the matter, too much to drink last night”, inquires Pete with a wise ass smirk.

“Aye”, mumbles Angus as he struggles to shake off the fog.  “I believe I drank my fill of the complementary beverages last night.”

We assemble in the bridge for the preflight briefing.  We have a heading for the planet Maris.  A world completely opposite from the one we just left.  I know little about this world other than it is the home to the Aqualonian people.  “Alright Men”, orders Chief.  “Release the lines.”

The sun breaks the surface of the sea in the horizon as we step out onto the main deck preparing to weight anchor.  I take one last deep breath of the salty sea air, and we head back inside taking our seats.  “Whenever you are ready”, commands the Captain.  “Get us off this rock!”

“I understand that Captain”, Myra replies with joy in her voice.

In a matter of thirty minutes we are once again in the blackness of The Abyss with a heading that will bring us to Maris; another new world for me to see.  This time take off was much smoother due to calm seas this morning.  Our total trip should take anywhere from three and a half to four days.  I want to learn so much about these giants of mankind.  What I do know of them is that they are master mariners, and I am told that they can navigate using only the stars.  They begin to learn this as early as they learn to use a language.  I am told a master Aqualonian mariners can navigate any sea on any of the three home worlds using this method.  I find my hulking ship mate enjoying some down time in the lounge.  He is watching some sporting competition on the television.  It appears to be a native sport of his world.  I seize this opportunity to get to know this mysterious, but gentle, colossus of a man.

“Afternoon”, I begin.  “What’s this?”

“It’s the planetary sport of Maris”, responds Pete.  “I take it you have not seen one before.”

“No, I have not”, I state.  “It looks very interesting.”

“It is a competition of three events”, he explains.  “The first portion is a swimming race of 5000 meters, and then a 100KM sailing race.  In the final event competitors are lashed to an untamed Snarfolt.  This trial is judged by the length of time the competitor remains saddled, and the distance they travel.”

“What is a Snarfolt”, I ask.

“A Snarfolt is a cetacean common to my planet.”  He responds and then asks, “Doesn’t your planet have such creatures?”

“We do”, I inform.  “They are called dolphins.”

“Doll-Fins”, he repeats.  After a few sips of his beer he asks, “Does your world have a similar event?”

“Well, Pete it sounds like a variation of a Venian triathlon”, I begin.  “The events are different but the idea is the same.  They all take a great deal of strength and endurance.  The major difference is that the events of The Trials are not necessarily paired together on Vena.”

“How so” he asks.

“You see, we have swimming races and ship races.  They are never paired together, and for the riding of cetaceans”, I inform.  “Well let’s just say that only happens as a performance at an aquarium.”

“Aquarium”, interrupts Pete with great curiosity.  “This word sounds as if it is from my world.  What is this place?”

“An Aquarium is where the people of Vena can go to enjoy the beauteous wonder of our world’s oceans”, I explain.

“I forget you Venians are more fond of the solid land”, replies Pete.  “So do you have such an event where one is tethered to an untamed beast?”

“There is the odd ball Human, like myself that prefers the sea”, I begin.  “To answer your question, yes, we use large land mammals such as wild steers or horses.  We call it rodeo.”

“Ro-de-o?  Your people ride cattle”, laughs Pete then takes a sip of beer,

“If you think that is funny you’ll love this”, I add.  “Chief’s people are too small for these beasts so they ride feral, giant goats and rams form our mountain regions.”

Pete nearly falling from his chair at this news, but manages to say, “Just wait till I run into our brother Gumph.  I’m not gonna let him live this down; sheep rider!”  Finally able to compose himself Pete begins, “On Maris this is a rite of passage.  All Aqualon youth take part in this event at least once in their lives.”

“Really”, I say with amazement not knowing much of his culture.  “For us Humans it varies from nation to nation and for some cultures it is based more on religious beliefs.”

“That’s right”, recalls Pete.  “You Venians are unified recently with your last war.  I sometimes forget that you are the only planet in the system with two races calling it home.”

“You seem surprised by this.”  I then inquire, “Do the Aqualonians not claim borders or nations?”

“No, we do not”, he replies.  “We have island clusters that are overseen by a tribal council.  One can find almost the same beliefs and traditions all over our world.”

“Pete”, I begin.  “If it is not too much to ask, can you tell me what your world is like?”

“First you must understand what it is to be Aqualonian”, he proudly booms.  “We have strong tribal values, and the roots of our existence are deeply imbedded in the soil of Maris.”  He places his beer down then stands up and with great passion he states, “We Aqualon believe that the sea is life!”  He takes he seat again and continues, “We harvest its bounty both plant and animal.  Aqualon are full of tradition and abide by an agrarian culture.”

“It sound like a simple and peaceful life”, I state reaching for two beers opening one and handing it to Pete.

“In recent years, in some of the more populated areas, this lifestyle has fallen out of favor with the youth”, he says as he shakes his head in disbelief.  “Maris has become somewhat of a destination for anyone seeking vacation in the system.  With this booming industry many of the younger generation have chosen to work in the hospitality sector.”  With an even sadder look upon his face he states, “I fear that within a few generations our heritage may be lost.”

From what I have gathered, Aqualon’s are an extremely relaxed people.  They do not seek an elaborate life style, and are generally a very peaceful race.  “You had said that your people don’t claim borers”, I mention as I take a sip of beer.

“This is true; however some tribes have been at odds for hundreds of years”, he replies.  “They now have learned to tolerate their difference; making war a thing of Maris’ distant past.”

“Wow”, I gasp.  “That is very impressive.”

“Maris is twice the size of Vena with no large continents”, he continues.  “And eighty-five percent of her surface is covered with water.  The dry land consists of large islands arranged in archipelagos.”

“So everything is spread out”, I ask.

“Hundred of millennia ago Maris featured three enormous land masses or super continents”, he instructs.  “The plates have shifted apart.  From orbit you can see how Maris’ azure field is studded with little emerald gems of land.”  I am amazed to find out that a year on Maris consists of 451, 20 hour days with its 13 months of 35 days each.  This makes the days short but the months can tend to drag on; however from the sound of this paradise no one seems to complain.

“That sounds breathtaking”, I begin.  “I can’t wait to see it as we make our approach”, I pause to take it in.  “Your world is about twice the distance round its middle as mine, and the land masses are extremely spread out from one another, and yet it has been unified for centuries?”

“That’s correct my world is unified”, smiles Pete full of pride for his world.  “There are slight variations in dialect and customs, but if you found yourself a guest of a neighboring tribe; one could sneak by with some quick observations.”

“If time allows”, I begin.  “I would be honored if you could introduce me to you culture, I’ll handle the expenses.”

“You have a deal”, he bellows.  “Seeing how I owe our brother Gumph, a night on the town, as you Venians call it.”

We chuckle heartily at this and resume watching the competition.  I can’t help but notice Pete’s laugh.  It is infectious, and at times, can sound quite sinister.  He makes sure to explain each event to me in depth.  I was happily surprised to hear him call me brother and to refer to the rest of the crew as family.  It just reiterates what Myra said to me the other night how the crew is family.  I have spoke, maybe a dozen words, to Pete before today and he still calls me brother.  This is the family that I have longed for.

“How is it that your people can stay under the water for so long”, I ask.  “I have heard that they can hold their breath for up to twenty minutes.”

“It is through a combination of lung capacity”, he begins.  “We Aqualon have the ability to slow our heart rates.”  He points to the slight cranial ridge on his forehead, “We have enlarged sinus cavities to aid in the equalization of pressure while at depth.”

“How deep can you dive” I inquire.

“We Aqualon can dive to a depth of two hundred meters”, he states proudly.  “Speeds up to 20 kilometer an hour can be achieved in short bursts.  This is aided by the webbing on our hands and feet”, he informs as he stares into his massive hand.  The webbing reaches from the palm upward to the first join on the fingers, but not between thumb and forefinger.  “We have a thick layer of shin to protect against climate conditions.”

“There is one thing that I have notices about the different races”, I begin.  “The eyes are all a bit different.  The Aqualon’s are milky in their color; where the Danae’ have a fiery shine to theirs.”

“The opaque eye color is caused by a third fixed eyelid”, he informs.  “This protects against irritation while underwater.”

“Your world sounds so different from mine”, I say with amazement.  “Pete, do you know why Timothy is so excited about getting to Maris?”

“That I do”, he replies.  “I have come to grips with it”, pausing I notice his facial expression change from concern to happiness.  “Timothy is in love with my sister.”

“Oh, I see”, I state.  “I take it you did not approve at first.”

“Any brother is skeptical of any man who wants to pursue his sister”, Pete begins.  “I know Timothy, and I know that he is indeed in love with my sister.  His heart and his intentions are true.”

“I am an only child, but I can see how that would be an awkward situation if not handled in a delicate manner.”  I turn to Pete with a smile and ask, “How about you?  Do you have a lady-friend?”

“There is yet to be just one lady to gain all of my heart,” Pete bellows slyly.  He paused and half under his breath adds, “There are many women of all races scatters about the system vying for it.  There was a set of human twins that came close to tying me down.”

“What happened”, I ask.

“The rope frayed”, he replies with a great laugh.  I quickly learn that the big guy is quite the prankster, especially if you’re not paying attention.  Malcolm warned of this, but it doesn’t take long to whiteness Pete’s notorious persona first hand.

“You, my brother, are a true sailor”, I chuckle.  “So there is a woman in every port?”

“Like you”, begins Pete.  “I too was bitten by the adventure bug.  I was an active member of my village; working in our fields.”  He pauses taking a deep breath then a sip of beer and continues, “I took great joy in sailing and at a young age I entered into the Academy of Maritime Philosophy or Nolyian Elete.  This is the basis of the Aqualonian life; knowledge of the sea.”

“So do all Aqualonian children enter this Academy”, I ask.

“Yes they do”, he informs.  “We believe this path shows us how to open our hearts, soul, and mind; connecting us to the sea.  To bind us with Maris; teaching us that the ebbing of the tide is the same pulse that causes our hearts to beat and the winds that fill our sails is the very breath of our ancestors.  Understand these principals and they will better you as a sailor.”

“This sounds like it is more than just a school”, I state very taken by the piercing look in his eyes.  Knowing he believes in these words.

“The Academy is more than just a place of learning”, he continues.  “It is our religion, our way of life.”  Pete sits quietly for a moment letting his word sink in.  “This is when we compete in The Trials for the first time”, he recalls.  “Then you may build your zaglowkia, a small sailing boat.  This was freedom for me and I would fall asleep on her while studding the stars.  I named her Uniknaut.  When I reached my early twenties my thirst for adventurous grew and so did my passion for females.”

“So what happened next”, I ask.  “Did you fall in love?”

“In a way, I did fall in love”, he smirks.  “Uniknaut was just that; I would sail away at any chance I could.  I would sail to neighboring islands and set out on expeditions in my free time.  That’s when I discovered my second passion, women.  I was and still am a great lover of women; I developed an insatiable appetite for their company”, he pauses staring out the porthole.  “This is one of the reasons that caused me to get away from everything; this is how I ended up aboard The Glory.”

“It sounds as if you were running from something”, I add.

“All good things in moderation”, he instructs.  “A person can overdose on any pleasure.  I have a bit of an addiction to women.  I have learned to control myself better that I could in my youth.  There was this particularly beautiful; an untamed woman with an appetite as feral as mine.”

“Sounds intense”, I smirk.

“Her name was Lolania”, he continues with a glint in his eye.  “She was much older than me.  I reveled in the victory of conquest, but I did not realize that I was the prey.  Her skin was a rich ebony; so silken to the touch.  Her figure was softly curved and supple; her hair was kept in long braids.”

“She sounds very beautiful”, I add as I observe the look of love light up his face.  “How did you meet?”

“I was slightly older than you”, he begins.  “I would sail Uniknaut far and wide.  One particular morning I dropped anchor in a secluded lagoon on the eastern side of the Isle of Laluv.  I observed this creature of beauty breaking the calm surface of the lagoon as the sun cast its warm light over the horizon.”

“That sound romantic”, I say as I hand Pete another beer out of habit.

“In a way she seduced me”, he smiles then takes a sip of beer.  “We shared in the same carnal cravings.  We would meet regularly in our secluded lagoon.  This went on for years as I would make my weekly fishing trip to this area”, his smile faded and his head lowered.  “She led me on; treating me as her toy, a play thing.  I fell in love with her and she pretended to be in love with me.”

“What happened”, I ask.  “What went wrong?”

“I found out that she had a husband.”  He rolled up his sleeve to display a very nasty scar on his left arm.  “This is from her husband’s blade.  She invited me to meet her one evening.  She said it was important; that she wanted me to take her away from her old life.  I went up to her izbat and found her in the sleeping quarters.  I engaged her in conversation as to why she had not made her way to Uniknaut.”

“What did she say”, I ask.  “What reasons did she give you?”

“She told me to leave and never return”, he began.  “This is when her husband entered the room.  She shouted out as if I was a stranger meaning her harm.  He sprung into action to defend his woman and that is when I received this wound.  This is when I decided it best to get away from it all.  I avoided bringing shame to my village and sailed all over Maris.  Half a decade had passed and I was returning home when I met the Captain.”

“Wow”, I gasp.  “You were lucky you returned when you did.”

“Brother”, he begins with a very serious look in his eyes.  “We are all running from something.  The trick is to keep ahead of your sins so they will never catch up to you.  That’s why I keep sailing.”  His words ring true to me and the more I learn the more I realize that maybe we all are running from something.  The Glory has offered us salvation; an escape from the crimes of our souls, and a second chance at living a life without judgment.

We are a good six to eight hours out from Maris’ orbit.  All seems to be going well and I still have yet to receive a hazing.  This just worries me a bit because naval tradition states that it is coming, and I have no doubt that it is going to be a big one.  I suspect that it will happen on Maris because it is a friendlier port.  Well I should know in about half a day, once we have landed.


Troubled Waters


I am jarred awake by the sound of the alarm in the dead of night; it is a terrifying racket.  Every display screen flashes the word ALERT.  “All hand”, informs the Captain.  “This is not a drill, report to the bridge immediately.”

We all jump to attention and scramble to assemble in the bridge.  I notice the time reads 0200.  I don’t know what is pounding faster my heart, or the sound of my boots on the deck.  What could be happening; my body is flooded with a surge of adrenaline.  In just a matter of minutes the entire crew is assembled.  Pete is glued to the communication hub fine tuning a faint signal.  “Captain”, informs Pete.  “I have the signal locked in and I am boosting the clarity as we speak.”

“Very well”, replies the Captain.  “Once you clean it up play it back so we all may hear it.”

“Aye, Sir”, he replies.  I assume that we have come across some communication floating through The Abyss.  We all wait in quiet anxiety for Pete to make sense of the radio wave.  “Captain”, he informs.  “I have it ready.”

From over the ship’s com system a recorded message plays.  “This is the R-127 Unites System Research Vessel Bonaventure.  We are a science vessel on a peaceful research mission.  We are requesting immediate aid; SOS!”  The recording is followed by the last known coordinates as it loops over and over.

“Myra”, orders the Captain.  “Set a heading to the last known position.”

“Captain”, she informs.  “The coordinates place us about two hours away.”

“Spare not a minute”, advises the Captain.  “Lives may be at stake.”

“Understood Captain”, she replies as Pete follows her into the helm.

“Crew, we will need a boarding party”, begins the Captain.  “Mr. Timothy, Mr. Angus, and Mr. Malcolm; be ready as we near the wreck to conduct the search and rescue mission.”

“Aye, Captain”, they reply as they head to the air lock to prep their atmosphere suits.

“Chief”, instructs the Captain.  “You will man Neptune’s Trident.  As we approach the wreck you will set the grapple so the boarding party many begin their mission.”

“Understood, Sir”, he replies.

“Lieutenant”, says the Captain as he turns towards her.  “The Hammer is all yours; stay ever vigilant.”

“Captain”, interjects the Lieutenant with a smirk.  “You know this smells like a trap.”

“Every last bit of it”, he replies.  “Take Mr. Eldon with you.  Have him man the mini turrets.”

“Consider it done Captain”, replies the Lieutenant.

“Be ready as we approach the coordinates”, adds the Captain.  “And pray the gods keep us safe.”

The Captain turns and heads into the helm.  The Lieutenant winks at me, and with a wild smile asks, “Are you ready.  It may get a bit bumpy out there, but we are going to level the playing field.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I manage out with a lump in my throat.  “Just let me know what you need me to do.”

“Follow me to the armory”, she directs.  “We must issue weapons to the boarding party.”

We enter the lift and head to the armory to gather the necessary item for the boarding party.  We find Timothy, Angus, and Malcolm dressing into the atmosphere suits.  I hand out the weapons to the men as directed by the Lieutenant.  There is a quiet tension about the men.

“Good luck men”, wishes the Lieutenant.  “Pray the gods keep you safe.  Be at the ready, the Captain will give the order.”

“Understood Lieutenant”, responds Timothy.

“All right mates”, begins Timothy.  “You heard the Lieutenant, Let’s make sure we have everything.”

We turn to head back into the armory; heading up the spiral stair case to The Hammer of The Gods.  The Lieutenant instructs me where to take my place.  She inserts her communicator into the control panel then places her hand on it as the turret comes to life.  All of the monitors power up displaying the shield systems and the weapon functions.  There are targeting systems one for the Hammer and another for the mini turrets.  These turrets are mounted on the end of the port and starboard wing sections.

“Strap in”, gleams the Lieutenant.  “Plug your communicator into this; it will tie you into the system so you, Chief, and I will have an open channel with each other.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I manage out of my dry mouth.

“Get familiar with the controls”, she adds.  “Don’t worry the system is not armed, yet!”

I move the controls around watching the screen that is split in the middle; each half coincides with a cannon.  It takes some getting used to having two images moving on the screens at the same time.  I get the hang of it quickly having played lots of arcade games during my school days.

“Captain”, booms Pete over the com link.  “Something has been bothering me with the signal strength.”

“Go ahead Pete”, responds the Captain with great curiosity.  “Any information will only help keep us safe.”

“Well Sir”, he theorizes.  “The signal was very garbled even though the transition point is well within our long range tower.  I had to boost the signal to well beyond the range of the last known location of the vessel.  Even then it was very faint.”

“I see”, broods the Captain.

“Sir it is my belief”, begins Pete.  “Someone or something was jamming the signal until they could get away.”

“So you are under the same impression as the Lieutenant and me”, states the Captain.  “You have heard the facts, Lieutenant.  Be ready, there will most likely be a surprise.”

“Don’t worry Sir”, replies the Lieutenant as she presses the com button.  “We have it covered.”

“That we do”, says Chief over the direct line to The Hammer.  “Hey Lieutenant will there be any of your heavy metal music?”

“You know it Gumph”, she replies.  “It helps me send my targets to the Inferno.”

We are 5 kilometers from the wreck and on alert as the Captain commands, “Chief, we are maneuvering into position.  You may fire grabbles when you have a good shot.”

“Aye, Captain”, he replies.

“Mr. Timothy”, informs the Captain.  “Be ready to open the air lock inner doors on my word.”

“Captain, we are holding for orders”, he replies with nervousness in his voice.

“Captain”, interjects Chief.  “I have a shot, firing grapples”, he pauses while taking the shot.  “I’ve got it!  I hooked her; I am pulling us in closer.”

“Nice work Chief”, replies the Captain.  “OK, Mr. Timothy you and the men may begin to enter the airlock.”

“Understood, Captain”, he informs.  “I’m opening the inner door now.”

Just as the inner door of the air lock closes we are struck, shaken violently.  The alarm sounds as the Captain orders the shield raised.  The sensors light up like the night sky filled with fireworks.  “Lieutenant”, I ask.  “What is happening?”

“We have been fired upon”, she states.

“By who”, I ask nervously.

The sensors have picked up two small vessels that have been docked to large pieces of debris in the nearby field.  The vessels just suddenly seem to have appeared on the screen well within our range; however the size and trajectory of the blast does not match the two vessels weapons array.  The reports start to flood in.  There has been no major damage just some scorching on the main holds plating.  Perhaps this was merely to get our attention.

“Mr. Timothy”, orders the Captain.  “Stand down!  Boarding party is to stand down.”

“Roger that Captain”, Timothy responds very puzzled.  “Boarding party is holding on orders.”

I am confused by all of this, but I feel that all the suspicions were correct all along.  Are these two vessels what is left of the escort to the Bonaventure?  Two more vessels appear on the sensors also docked to large debris.

“Captain”, states Pete.  “We are being hailed.”

“Patch it through to all channels”, instructs the Captain.

“Greetings, Neptune’s Glory”, begins the man in the very fuzzy image.  “This is our salvage; you may be on your way!”

“Salvage”, interrupts the Captain as he urges Pete to clear up the feed.  “This is a rescue mission.  Our sensors show signs of life.”

“Ah”, he replies as the image becomes clearer.  “That’s just a minor setback, I’ll be sure to help them on their way to eternity.”

“Jonah”, shouts the Captain.  “I thought you were dead.”

“Now, now Jasper”, begins the man on the display.  “There is no need to become angry, especially with an old friend.”

“Old friend”, states a very puzzled Captain.  “No friend of mine would participate in such crimes.”

“Perhaps”, responds Jonah.  “I do believe you did call me friend once.  Jonah is dead!  He has died from the inside out ages ago.  I have been reborn with a new name”, the man gnashed as a massive vessel appears from nowhere on the sensors.  It is as if it were being masked somehow.  Jonah in a commanding tone threatens, “If you and your crew stand in my way a moment longer; you will be sending your own SOS!”

“So you are Golgotha!  This is what you have chosen to become”, spoke the Captain with great astonishment.  “Now hear this Captain, Golgotha!  I will send you to the Inferno myself, if I must.  You have one minute to vacate the premises, or The Leviathan will be turned into small pieces of debris just like the field it now hides in.”

What the hell is happening?  Jonah! Golgotha!  Which is he; can it be that this man is the feared pirate I have heard many a sailor speak of in sheer terror.  The Captain knew this man before he chose this path of evil?  This is it; I find myself in the midst of a heated standoff between old rivals.  I have always heard tales of pirates.  I suppose it was only a matter of time before I witnessed them first hand.  Elik did warn me.  I know if I die; I die making a stand with my family against such a scourge.  I am comforted by the thought that the last person I will see will be Lieutenant Shara.  The woman, I know now, I am completely in love with; the only problem is that she does not know this.

“Lieutenant”, orders the Captain.  “Lock on the targets.  If they are still here in 30 seconds; you may begin your work.”

“You can count on that Captain”, she replies with a smirk and a fiery, furry in her eyes.

“Gumph”, instructs the Lieutenant.  “If it gets bumpy cut the wreck loose and listen to the music.”

“Copy that, Lieutenant”, he responds.  “Oh hell it can never be simple can it?”

The two small vessels to our starboard stern detach from their perches and begin to push forward in their advance.  All of a sudden the Lieutenant cranks up some very loud, very heavy music and engages the rotation of the cannon.  “The kill switch is now engaged”, she announces.

“What does that mean”, I ask.

“Eldon”, she informs.  “The weapons are hot.”

“I understand that Lieutenant”, I reply with a crack in my voice.

The second set of two detach from their perches as well and begin their advance from off the port bow.  “Cutting the grapple lines”, informs Chief.

“Golgotha, mors non est finis, sed novum principio”, shouts the Captain.

“Ah, Jasper you are too positive for my taste”, replies Golgotha.  “Non mortem timemus, uno die omnis erit amplexus hoc.”

“Lower the deadlights”, orders the Captain.  The reinforced security shutters lower over all the portholes of The Glory, sealing with a thud.  “Lieutenant”, orders the Captain, “Let fly the Hammer of The Gods and smite this scourge!”

The Lieutenant lets loose upon the raiders as they begin to fire upon The Glory.  I almost feel as if they are trying to force our course to change.  Our shields adsorb their assault, but we are still shaken about from the strike.  The Lieutenant obliterates the lead vessel sending debris into the raider directly to its left.  The raider dives as she chases him with the Hammer.  I target his engines as he comes into my range on the port side.  I let loose hitting his stabilizers causing him to graze the Bonaventure as he explodes.  All the while the two approach from the starboard stern.  Chief targets them with the large 120mm cannon as they split.  One dives as the other climbs; Chief keeps on the one that dives and blasts it to pieces.  I target the one in the climb forcing it into range of the Hammer were it is quickly destroyed.

“Got you”, shouts Chief with glee.  “Enjoy the underworld you bastard!”

Two vessels emerge from above us towards our stern out of Chief’s range.  The sensors show that one of the raiders is heading directly for the helm in hopes to cripple us.  “Brace yourselves”, shouts Myra as she takes evasive maneuvers.  She pitches us into an upward climb so the vessel will come into range of the Hammer.  Like a lamb to the slaughter this vessel is shredded to atoms.

“Where the hell is that last bastard”, asks Chief.

“Damage report”, demands the Captain.

“Sir”, informs Pete.  “Shields have held!  We have taken some damage.  The hull plating is at 80%.”

“I don’t see anything”, replies the Lieutenant.  “Where could it have gone? That one concerns me.”

“Why”, I ask.  “It’s just one last vessel?”

“It is an Aqualonian Manta Ray”, warns the Lieutenant.  “It is in the light bomber class.  That means torpedoes!”  From out of the black on the stern just off to the starboard of The Glory, the Manta Ray emerges one kilometer out, firing full upon us.  “I show three inbound targets”, informs the Lieutenant.  “The two smaller have to be torpedoes.”

“Copy that Lieutenant”, replies the Captain.  “Alert we have torpedoes in the water!  Myra, bring us about.”

Chief returns fire as the raider closes in on us.  Myra fires the Reaction Control System, or RCS thrusters to pivot us.  The RCS are designed to correct roll, pitch, and yaw in zero atmo; especially during docking.  One of the inbound torpedoes comes into range as the Lieutenant locks on firing furiously; she takes it out.  The other is still too far below our draft line, and out of range of The Hammer.

“Eldon”, she shouts.  “Take out that last threat!”  It rushes ever closer as I try with all my skill to hit the fast moving target.  “Eldon”, she adds nervously, “Any time now!”

“Brace for impact”, orders the Captain.

“I got it”, I reassure; hitting it causing it to explode close to us.

The shock wave is felt and the shields fail on our port side.  The reports flood in as we are now completely vulnerable on our port side.  Fire sparks from the damaged shield generator.  The armory is sealed off as I grab an extinguisher and rush down to the fire.  I pull the pin on the extinguisher and sweep at the base of the fire covering the damaged generator in the suppressant.  All the while the Manta Ray persists at our stern.  The Manta Ray lands a few hit shaking us as I lose my footing slipping in the suppressant.  I slam into the bulkhead and know that this will leave a nice burse.

“By the gods”, shouts Chief.  “He is gonna ram us!”

I shake off the impact and rush back up to the Hammer.  With a great Dwarven war cry, Chief fires the kinetic energy weapon at the kamikaze raider.  The energy disk shears the approaching vessel in half.  The cry from the Trident continues, but this time it errs on the side of terror.  The Glory shakes horrifically; as the collision alarm sounds and we temporarily loose power.

The systems begin to powers up in a matter of minutes.  “Damage report”, demands the Captain.  “What just happened?”

“Sir”, shouts Myra.  “We are hit!  We are losing power to both main thrusters.  We have hull breaches on port side decks C though D in multiple compartments.”

Fire breaks out in the starboard main drive.  The lighting begins to fail as the emergency system come online.  “Damn it, seal off all affected areas.  Divert atmosphere from engine room #2 and vent the compartment”, shouts the Captain.  “Chief, report”, there is silence on the air waves.  “Chief Please”, the Captain pleads, “Do you read me?”

Oh no Chief!  Oh pray the gods he is OK.  “Eldon”, shouts the Lieutenant as she pauses grabbing me by the shirt collar and pulls me close.  My lips are millimeters away from her.  I gaze longingly into her eyes; as she gazes back into mine.  I feel like all of creation is pushing us together.  I can feel her hot sweet breath on my face.  The severity of the situation at hand pulls us back to reality.  “Get to Chief!  Be careful, and that’s an order!”

Her hands loosen their grip on me and she looks at me with a burning passion.  I am swimming; my legs are wobbly from adrenaline, and my stomach sick with the anxiety of not knowing what has happened to Chief.  I don’t even have time to think about what just transpired between Shara and me.  I franticly attempt to reach the Chief via radio as I begin my descent from the Hammer.  The hatch is sealed to the armory and I cannot open it.  I can’t even get to him if the Trident is even still there.

“Eldon”, murmurs Chief with a moan of pain.  “I’m...  I’m OK!  I’m just a wee bit dazed.”

“Mr. Timothy repot”, demands the Captain.  “What is happening with our engines?”

“Sir”, responds Timothy.  “We are hemorrhaging our Ion flow.  Fortunately it is bleeding outside of The Glory.  I have powered the main engine plants down; attempting to reroute the ion flow to the secondary thrusters.  We will have to shut down all thrusters until we complete this task.  I have locked down the engine rooms until the team can make a more thorough examination.”

“Eldon”, order Chief.  “Stay put!  I’m fine just took a wallop from the impact.”

My head is spinning; utter chaos is erupting.  We are bruised and battered, but alive.  I return to my post as instructed my Chief.  Slumping into my seat, my legs give out.  “Captain”, informs the Lieutenant as I catch my breath.  “Chief is alive!  All are accounted for Sir.  He is just a bit stunned and disoriented.”

“Thank you”, replies a choked up sounding Captain.  “Praise the gods”, he pauses clearing the lump from his throat.  “Chief do you read?”

“I read you, Captain”, a still disoriented Chief replies over a wavering and popping com link.  “The impact knocked out the main communication line to me”, he stops to gather himself.  “Just took a nasty bump to my head.  You are gonna want to look at this”, groans Chief.  “We took a nasty hit Sir!”

“We are lucky to be alive”, utters an astonished Captain glued to the helm window facing the port side wing section.  “I cannot believe my eyes.  The bulk of the enemy vessel has torn open the engine shroud, lodging a huge piece of debris into The Glory!”

“Captain”, informs Timothy.  “I am ventilating the port engine room. We have contained the coolant leak and there are high levels of ammonia gas.”

“Nice work men”, commends the Captain.

“Thank you Sir”, he begins.  “This is the least of our worries.”

The Captain blots to the starboard side to survey the damage.  He briefs us on what he sees there as well.  The report states that most of this damage is internal.  In all this confusion we somehow have forgotten about The Leviathan.  She has crept to life gathering speed; while closing the distance of ten kilometers between us.  The Leviathan like her name states is a true monstrosity.  She is a horrific vessel in appearance.  The bow is in the fashion of a trireme with a great piercing point surrounded by eight retractable, writhing, tendril like grapples, and two much longer tentacles; reminiscent of the mouth of a giant squid.

“Frost”, begins Golgotha.  “Your deaths will not be painless or swift.  I will bathe in your blood!”

“Mr. Timothy”, commands the Captain.  “We need as much power you get us to the thrusters, NOW!”

“Aye, Captain”, he replies.  “They are coming on line as we speak.  I need one more minute.”

“We don’t have a minute”, shouts the Captain.

“Myra”, orders the Captain.  “Bring us about with the RCS.  We need to face this fiend, and attempt to fend them off.”

“Sir”, she replies.  “I’m on it!  Firing RCS.”

“Captain”, interjects Timothy.  “Thrusters are restored as best we could do.”

We slowly start to come about with the Leviathan closing the distance with every second.  She is approaching us from the stern; making sure to stay clear of The Hammer.  This man has a deep hatred for the Captain and no one seems to know how or why.  I think this may be it; this may be the end for The Glory, but not without a fight.  We will not simply lie down to die.  I will fight till the last drop of my blood is spilled and on my last breath will be the name Shara.

“Oh Hell”, shouts out Chief.  “Not again!”  I hear him franticly trying to restore power to the sparking and smoking controls of The Trident.  With a barrage of prayers and swears followed by a great laugh.  “I got you now you great, big, bastard”, curses Chief through clenched teeth.

The kinetic energy weapon has been charging this whole time with all the leaking Ion flow from the engines.  Chief with his blurred vision and shaking hands releases the wrath of Neptune into the lower hull of the Leviathan just behind her heavily armored bow.  This causes enormous damage; tearing a gaping hole clear through the entire vessel.  This is too great a blow for our enemies to continue their charge; forcing the Leviathan to retreat.  As a result of the great blast, The Glory, lose all power again; from the unchecked surge of energy.  The only things working are the life support, and emergency lights.  If Chief had not hit the Leviathan we would have been boarded; resulting in us being overwhelmed, tortured and killed.  We float in The Abyss, alive and safe thanks to Chief.


Search & Rescue


This is the first time I have experienced total weightlessness.  All is quiet for a moment.  My head begins to swim with the events that have just unfolded.  It’s hard to explain unless you have ever been in a situation where you are faced with the grim reality of death.  Only then would one understand the sensation of feeling more alive than ever before.  Now add to that an ill timed surge of passion that didn’t quite manifest into a kiss.  Then you can begin to understand just how I feel.  It is a feeling like you could burst.  I think I could power The Glory with the energy coursing through my body; I feel as if I am vibrating.

The silence is finally broken by Chief.  “Everyone stay put.  I’ve got it under control.  It would appear that we have overloaded a transformer, and I should have it patched in a few minutes.”

“Very well”, replies the Captain.  “Thank you Chief; I’m glad you’re still with us.”

“Me too Sir, me too”, sighs Chief.

Within five minutes Chief has the components replaced.  All the systems begin their rebooting process.  From over the ships com system is a message.  “Ship’s gravity will be restored in 10 second.”

The countdown began; I’m guessing it is so you don’t get caught off guard, and slam back to the deck unexcitedly.  My body may have returned to the surface, but my head is still floating about.  I can still feel Shara’s breath on my face, her luscious lips millimeters from mine, and the fragrant scent of jasmine still fresh in my nostrils.  I burn from within to be able to finish what was just barely started.  I mean just imagine on your birthday all your gifts sit within your grasp.  Just as you start to tare the corner of the wrapping.  They are taken away and place at the end of the table.  Just out of your reach you are told no!  You have to wait; sorry pal!  What kind of sick, cruel joke is that?  OK!  Relax, take a breath; you will get your prize.  Back to reality as the gravity pump is re-engaged, and the Captain calls us all to assemble in the bridge.  There we await the news of Chief’s medical examination.  He checks out fit for duty just a scrape and a few burses.

“Thank the Heavens we are all safe”, begins the Captain.  “That was a close brush with death”, he pauses realizing the severity of our situation.  “We must board the Bonaventure and tend to the survivors as well as assess our damage so we may get to the surface of Maris in one piece.  Chief you and the men will continue to make any necessary repairs”, he thinks of the most effective way to tackle the situation.  “Lieutenant, you will lead the boarding into the Bonaventure with the Mr. Pete and Mr. Eldon.”

We head to the airlock as Timothy, and the brothers return from appraise the damage to the engine rooms.  Chief directs Timothy to the trident to reset the grapple lines so we may begin the boarding process.  We dress in our atmosphere suits and enter the airlock.  We have gathered the necessary supplies for the mission; some tools, a first aid kit, and the Lieutenant is never without a few weapons for security.  This is it, my first walk in The Abyss.  Chief leads the way to the bow of The Glory.  Our boots have an electromagnetic system in them, allowing us to walk along the main deck without floating off into The Abyss.  I am a bit confused as to why we are taking this rout.

“Well Lad”, says Chief.  “Today is graduation day.”

“I’m not sure I follow you Chief”, I state in a puzzled tone.

He presses a pressure plate on the deck as a hatch opens.  A bulky object starts to emerge from the deck.  “Eldon”, adds the Lieutenant.  “Chief is right; you mentioned that you were one course away from your license on the Exo-suit.”

“Aye”, I answer.  “This is true.”

“Well Lad”, chuckles Chief.  “Get crackin’, we have lots of work to do.”

“Understood Chief”, I reply with vigor.

“Lad the Lieutenant will be relying on you to get everyone in and out of the wreck safely”, he informs as I climb into the Exo-suit and plug into the control panel; strapping in I familiarize myself with the controls.

“I won’t let her down”, I reply.

We make our way to the gang plank and locate the airlock hatch on the Bonaventure.  Chief heads back to examine out engines as he instructs me, from the com system, on how to remove the panel concealing the manual override for the hatch.  I pull off the plate and expose a very heavy, bright red handle.

“Go ahead Lad”, instructs Chief.  “Pull it out towards you and rotate it clockwise 180 degrees.”

“Chief”, I begin.  “I’m turning the handle now.”

I do as instructed and a timer counts back from ten.  A red light begins to flash through the port hole of the airlock hatch.  The counter reaches zero and small charges pop around the perimeter of the hatch, loosening it from the bulkhead; with a short, forceful, rush the air is purged from the compartment.  I pull the hatch out of our way and swing it off to the side on its heavy hinge.  I feel like I am opening the door to a tomb rather than that of a ship.  We enter the wreck and begin our rescue mission.  Before we can open the inner hatch I pull outer one closed and seal it shut.  Once inside the Bonaventure we find, that to our fortune, the wreck still has simulated gravity; however our sensors show that the breathable atmosphere is fading; leaving roughly an hour before the survivors would succumb to carbon dioxide poisoning.

The ship has a heavy sepulture feel.  The air is thick and stagnant with the lingering odor of gunpowder and blood.  The stench hits me hard turning my stomach.  There are sparking wires protruding all about, from blast holes, in the bulkheads and severed conduit; giving the illusion of movement in the very dim emergency lighting.  The strobe effect is very disorienting and messes with my equilibrium.  If I were not in the Exo-suit, I would have a difficult time walking a straight path.  Pete guides us with a digital map supplied by our scanners.  Beginning our search, we rush to rescue the crew.  Time is short; we do not know what obstacles may stand between us and the victims. The last thing we want is to turn this battered vessel into our final resting place.

We hasten our pace; making our way to the bridge.  We are led by our sensors, where there are two life forms; potential survivors.  There are signs of carnage everywhere; evidence of a violent gun battle is all about.  The corridor is littered with corpses; casualties from both sides, but far more on the side of the Bonaventure.

“What the hell happened here”, asks Pete.

“This was a slaughter”, replies the Lieutenant.  We reach the bridge, there are three people tied to chairs; as if they were tortured and interrogated.  One of them, a female, shows no signs of life, and another looks to be a breath away from death.  “We are from the ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory”, informs the Lieutenant.  “I am the first mate and we are here to help you.”  We believe her introduction has fallen on deaf ears.  Suddenly one of the wounded begins to stir.  With a wince and great moan the man tries to communicate.  “Don’t move”, she commands.  “We are friends, and come in peace.  You are greatly injured, so please don’t try to move.  We are transporting you and your fellow shipmates to our sick bay”, she turns her attention to me, “Eldon, go with Pete to find our third crewmember.”

“We are on it, Lieutenant” booms Pete.  “Eldon, I have a fix on the third victim.”

We make out way to a lower deck towards, what looks to be research laboratories.  “Pete, we need an alternate route”, I shout as I look through the bulk head door.  “There is a hull breach on the other side.”

“Give me a moment”, he states as he studies the map.  “Quickly this way; there is a maintenance corridor we can use to bypass the breach.”

We double back and with a few twist and turns we access the corridor.  There lay the unconscious scientist.  There are scorch marks on the walls and a shattered observation windows along the main corridor.  There appears to be evidence of an internal explosion.

“Eldon”, begins Pete.  “How are we transport her back to The Glory?”

“Boys”, informs the Lieutenant from over the radio.  “We must get the survivors to The Glory stat!  We are losing one real fast.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I reply.  “We are on our way now.  Pete I will loosen this work table from its base; then we can use it as a gurney.

I clamp down on the lab table, separating it from its base using the cutting torch.  We secure the scientist to the slab and hurry back to the bridge.  We enter the bridge, to find the Lieutenant, desperately trying to keep a victim alive.  She orders Pete over towards a control panel where he begins tapping away furiously at a keyboard; attempting to retrieve the flight recordings of the incident.

“Ah there you are”, he mumbles.  “Myra, I’m sending you a copy of the in-flight recorder.”

“Copy that, Pete”, replies Myra.  “I’ll see what I can do to get this ready for the Captain immediately.”

We secure the wounded to the slab, and begin our exit.  We arrive back to the air lock to our next obstacle.  “How are we to get them to The Glory”, I ask.

“Gumph”, shouts the Lieutenant.  “We need you to send us the boarding tube so Eldon and secure it to the airlock of the Bonaventure.”

“I’m on it Lieutenant”, replies Chief.  “Be ready to receive.  Eldon you must rig our boarding tube to their hatch.  You will need to manually set the boarding collar of the Bonaventure”, he continues, “Lad, You will have to pry out the collar so you can attach the tube.”

I leave the slab securing my patients with the Lieutenant and Pete.  They seal me into the air lock as I begin to retrieve the boarding tube.  I can see them desperately trying to keep all the victims alive.  I free the collar as Chief begins to maneuver the boarding tube toward the hatch of the Bonaventure.

“Chief”, I inform.  “The collar is free, just finishing the seal on the tube.”

“Eldon”, inquires the Lieutenant.  “What kind of time are we looking at here?  One of my patients is getting worse!”

“We are a go”, I respond.  “You may pressurize the tube.”

“Well done Lad”, Chief commends.  “Just hang tight while we get the wounded across.  I’ll give you the word when it’s safe to head to the docking station.”

“Understood Chief”, I reply.  “I will await the word.”

I get to view the full spec of the damage to The Glory, well at least from the port side.  I am in complete shock.  The damage is vast; we are truly lucky to be alive.  A large portion of the Manta Ray is sticking out of the wing section of The Glory like a mangled stabilizer.  I take the time to look at the Bonaventure.  There are large gaping holes in her hull.  Fortunately there are some survivors.  I recall what Golgotha said to the Captain.  He stated that this was his salvage.  That statement would mean that he was not yet finished with the wreck.  There was evidence, clear as day that his people were inside her.  What could they have been searching for; they killed just about everyone inside, and caused such great damage to the hull that it would need extensive repairs.  Regardless the damage is done, and the reason may forever be a mystery.

I can’t stop thinking about this mess.  What could he have meant by this?  Was he planning to return to her to strip away anything of value?  Was he interrupted by the SOS, or was he using her as bait to a rescuing vessel.  I would bet the general consensus is the latter.  As I wait for word to begin removing the tube I stare out into The Abyss.  Now I know what Myra meant about feeling so alone.  I know my family is only meters away, but from my vantage point they might as well be a million kilometers from here.

“Eldon”, calls Chief.  “Do you read me?”

Thank the gods Chief has shattered the extreme isolation I am feeling.  “I read you Chief.”

“Lad, you may begin to head to the Exo docking station”, instructs Chief.  “Head to the bow and I’ll meet you there.”

“Aye, Chief”, I elate as I head to the bow and still that feeling clings to me.

The experience of zero gravity is OK, but I have had my fill for now.  I have never felt as alone in my life as I have in the last five minutes.  I don’t know what is worst; the feeling of being trapped in the ship, or the isolation of the atmo suit.

“OK, Lad”, says Chief.  “Let’s get you out of the Exo-suit.  We will set it in the cradle to recharge.  We are gonna have a lot of work in a bit.  Captain wants us back inside for a debriefing.”

“That’s fine by me, Chief”, I chuckle.  “I could use a stretch and a cup of coffee before we get back to the grind”, I say as we walk back towards the air lock heading in for the debriefing.


Band-Aids for Bullet Wounds


We assemble in the bridge to be joined by the Captain and Myra.  They are speaking softly to one another as they exit the elevator fresh from the medical cabin.  They were busy tending to the survivors of the Bonaventure.  The fist survivor, a Danae’ male who was barely conscious, appears to be in the most stable condition.  His clothing was singed and he was covered with small lacerations and soot.  The second a Dwarven female wearing a lab coat, suffers from a broken right arm, is completely unconscious.  Her vitals are very strong and stable; the third, a Human male, who is the patient that is in the most critical condition.  When we found him there was the presence of blood around his nose and mouth.  His response to the artificial respirator was alarming to say the least.  He produced a large quantity of pink, frothy, sputum when he was issued the oxygen mixture.  The goal of this was to encourage breathing on its own; unfortunately, the presence of the sputum is not a good sign.

Pete is busily working away at the communication hub no doubt prepping the in flight recorder from the Bonaventure.  Chief reviews the report on the state of our engines; the Captain takes his place at the head of the room.  “Crew”, begins the Captain.  “We have much to review.  I will begin with the status of the survivors of the attack.  It is my sad duty to inform you that there are now only two crew members  from the Bonaventure still with us”, the Captain pauses and with a somber countenance.  “The deceased is Ensign Joseph Falzino.  His injuries were extensive.  There was severe hematoma on his torso; it is as if his rib cage was crushed in a most unusual pattern.  There are two strange contusions on his left and right side in his lung area.  After a more thorough investigation the scanners show massive damage to the bone and organs below these areas.  This undoubtedly caused the pulmonary embolism that he has succumbed to.  I, however, have some good news and am happy to report the Dwarf female and the Danae’Talun male are stable.  They should be conscious in no time; hopefully shedding some more light on this attack.”

“Captain”, interjects Myra due to an alert she receives on her communicator.  “It appears that one of our patients is becoming conscious.”

“Please tend to them”, responds the Captain.  “Keep us informed of anything you may find out.”

“Will do sir”, she replies as she darts off to the medical cabin.

“Well it appears that we may have a better understanding of what has happened”, adds the Captain.  “Pete do you have anything for us?”

Aye, Sir I do”, he answers.  “I’m putting it through to the main screens now.”

The two screens that flank the corridor to the helm begin to play back the recording of the Bonaventure’s helm, as well as, all the vital details of her activities.  The flight recorder is activated when any alarm is raised.  This is standard operating procedure on all government vessels.

“I’m Captain Chalet Lu’Fryatt, of R-127 USRVI Bonaventure.  Unidentified vessels have entered our vicinity in an aggressive manner and are unresponsive to our hails.  We are following prodigal as dictated by naval procedures.  Our escort has engaged our assailants in combat and all have been lost”, Lu’Fryatt pauses as her aid relay a report.  “A larger vessel has emerged from The Abyss with a vector directly in our path.  We are attempting to fend off the raiders hoping our message will be received shortly,” Lu’Fryatt pauses again to receive additional information.  “Sound collision alarm and all personnel brace for impact.  It appears that we are about to be rammed”, the communication is interrupted by an explosion and the alert of fire followed by the engaging of the suppression system.  “We are losing power...there has been an explosion of an unknown sources from within the research department”, the image shakes violently and the signal weakens the emergency lighting is engaged.  “We have been hit; our hull is breached.  Security teams have been engaged by insurgents.  We have been boarded; crew, take defensive stations!”

The transmission ends, and the recording confirms what we know already.  Golgotha has somehow gotten his hands on some type of stealth technology.  Allowing his vessels to get will within striking distance before any alarm is raised.  The log of the radar shows his ship emerging out of the darkness at a great rate of speed.  The Leviathan closed in on the hull of the Bonaventure.  The raiders quickly dispatch her escort of two USSG Raptors; a fast but lightly armored fighter.  The escort was just simply out gunned and outnumbered.  Captain Lu’Fryatt had done all she could.  She could not have saved The Bonaventure.

The order is given to transmit all research and finding to USSG science headquarters.  Then all on board records are erased for security.  All possible precautions are taken to prevent any research from falling into the wrong hands.  The goal is to make all the equipment appear worthless to the untrained eye.  Further security camera capture images of The Bonaventure being rammed with the great point of the Leviathan’s bow.  It pierces her hull as eight arms constrict its prey.  The two longer tentacles extend and begin to drain power.  One would assume that this makes boarding, and pillaging mush easier.  This is a truly horrific sight.  This could have been our fate.  Silently we all sit reflecting on these events.

“The patient is stable”, informs Myra breaking the oppressing silence as she wheels in the now conscious survivor.  “Captain, this is Chief Petty Officer Tehet Sa’Bula.”

Chief Tehet Sa’Bula is a medium build Danae’ male with ink black hair slicked back with a wet appearance.  He has a cream colored complexion; an unusual hue reminiscent of the look of honey stirred into milk.  His eyes are deep blue-violet; that I find very difficult to look into without feeling uneasy.  His long aquiline nose accents his oval face and narrow chin.

“Welcome aboard the Neptune’s Glory.  I am Captain J. E. Frost”, proudly informs the Captain.  “This is my valorous crew.  Please join us.  Myra how is Chief Sa’Bula’s ship mate?”

“She is stable”, informs Myra.  “Her vitals are strong, and I am hoping she will be conscious later this morning.”

“Excellent news”, replies the Captain.  “Chief Sa’Bula, we were wondering, that is if you are up to the task, if you could shed some light on what has occurred aboard your vessel.”

“Well Captain”, begins Sa’Bula.  “I worked in the engineering department.  I remember the alarm sounding an attack.  We began the mandated procedure for such an event.  I remember an explosion from within the engineering department just on the other side of the bulkhead from my work station.  Then all went black.”

“From within you say; this is confirmed in the recording”, the Captain broods.  “However, this is very puzzling.  Do you know how you ended up inside the bridge?”

“Well sir”, replies Sa’Bula.  “It is a bit hazy, but I do faintly remember being carried there by the insurgents”, he pauses clenching his forehead in pain.  “Forgive me sir.  I was in and out of consciousness.  I do vaguely remember being restrained to a chair next to Ensign Falzino, and a female senior officer.  I assume she is the other patient in your care.”

“Unfortunately the crew member you speak of did not survive”, interjects Shara.  “She showed no vitals when we arrived.  The other survivor was found in the lower decks in one of the research labs.”

“They were conducting an interrogation upon the Ensign”, he pauses and his completion goes waxy.  “I do remember something...there was the most menacing looking Aqualon I have ever seen in my life.”

“Go on Chief Sa’Bula”, states the Captain as he hands him a container of water.  “Please any information will only help in bring these villains to justice.”

“I can still hear the cries”, shouts Sa’Bula with tears streaming from his eyes.  “The Aqualon was enormous making your man there look as if he is just a runt”, pointing at Pete.  “His complexion was dark grey with black blotches; black as his soul…black like The Abyss.  This was reflected in his eyes; they were black and lifeless.  Someone like that must be dead inside.  They would have to be to take immense delight in obliterating a living being, such as he has done before my eyes.”  Just then Sa’Bula can’t hold back any longer.  He breaks down into hysterics.

“Chief Sa’Bula”, interjects Pete.  “I know this is very difficult to relive, but please did you hear a name given to this demon?”

“Yes”, cries out Sa’Bula.  “I will never be able to erase this name from my mind.  Kolos Kludge!”

The seriousness of this name shows on Pete’s face.  It is a look of fear, anger, and loathing.  The Captain sees this on Pete’s face and finds it best to bring no further turmoil to Sa’Bula.  “Mr. Timothy”, orders the Captain.  “Please bring our guest to the lounge, make him comfortable, so he may rest.”

“Aye, Captain”, he replies as he wheels him off.

“Mr. Pete”, begins the Captain.  “Please educate us on this Kludge character.”

“Kolos is a beast referenced in stories we are told as children”, instructs Pete.  “It is a mythical creature that arrives as a tempest and then manifests as a monster.  This is a tale all children are told to keep them from misbehaving; as well as passing along our oral heritage.  It is the tale of a man who traded his soul for the power of the living, unstoppable, force of the seas.  With this came great power and immortality; in the wrong hands, irresponsible devastation.  The word translated to the common tongue as an unstoppable force; a juggernaut.”

“You’re not suggesting that this creature has manifested from myth to the flesh”, inquires the Captain.  “Are you Pete?”

“No, Sir”, he replies.  “I’m not; however the name Kludge is what concerns me.  The name is that of a great northern tribe of my people.  They are rumored to be very fierce and cruel.  It is said that are extremely massive in size.  There is very little known about them.  What is known is that they are opposite of all other tribes on Maris.  They crave war and indulge in raiding parties.  They prefer isolation, and all of Maris prefers it that way”, he pauses and with a nauseated look on his face.  “Captain, they are Ludozerca!  It is said that they eat the flesh of the dead!  I believe the word translates to...cannibal!  This is one of the few facts we know for sure.”

“This is troubling news”, states the Captain.  “There is now more question than answers”, he pauses.  “We still need to tend to our own wounds”, Timothy returns to the bridge as the Captain asks.  “Ah!  Mr. Timothy, how is our guest?”

“He is resting, Sir”, replies Timothy.

“Very well”, states the Captain as he turns his attention back to Pete.

“Regardless Captain”, adds Pete.  “These demons are real and have struck fear into the hearts of my people for millennia.  They say that their souls are so tarnished from consuming their brother man that they no longer have any pigment in their eyes.  There is just blackness that is reflected throughout their bodies.  This is medically explained as a side effect of consuming the flesh of man.  Most, as a moral belief, feel it is a punishment from the gods called Kuru.”

“This does not surprise me”, replies the Captain.  “That is just like Golgotha; surrounding himself with such demons.  No doubt to strike terror in the hearts of all mankind.  This is merely a ploy to elevate himself to a god like figure.  Well, at least in his warped mind.  Chief, please give us a damage report.”

“Well sir”, he begins.  “We are not dead.  We have propulsion, but I would not advise attempting a decent into atmo.  Not without the main thrusters.”

“I see”, states the Captain.  “Do you have any suggestions?”

“Aye, sir I do,” informs Chief.  “If I take a team into the Bonaventure we could salvage what we need to make the necessary repairs so we may get to the surface of Maris.  Don’t forget we have a chief of their engineering department if we run into a jam with their engine systems.”

“Excellent thinking, Chief”, praises the Captain.  “What of the exterior damage?”

“Sir”, he responds.  “That is nothing major at all.  Mr. Eldon will make light work of that with the Exo-suit.”

“Very well crew”, states the Captain.  “Let’s check all systems and get The Glory buttoned up.  We will get to the surface as soon as we can.  Let make it happen crew!”

“Aye, Captain”, we all boom with a renewed enthusiasm.


Duct tape & Chewing Gum


The plan is to split up into five teams.  Team Repo, as I have dubbed them, consists of Chief, the brothers and assisted by Chief Sa’Bula.  Team DC; suitably named by the Captain’s comment about how we were to be held together by duct tape and chewing gum.  This was his response to our plan of getting The Glory to the surface.  This team consists of Timothy and me.  We will be removing debris and sealing the outer skin of The Glory.  Myra and Pete are to work on the inside checking all the wiring and flight controls.  The Lieutenant is to keep strict watch to make sure the scourge doesn’t return to the scene of the crime.  Like some pack of hyena, swarming for scraps after a kill.  The Captain has taken the helm.  Just because he is better known for his command of The Glory doesn’t mean he can’t pilot her.

“Lieutenant”, speaks the Captain over the open com-link.  “Please keep a close eye on the scanners.  I have to head to medical for a few moments.”

“Is everything OK, Sir”, she asks in a concerned tone.

“Yes”, he replies.  “It just appears that our last patient is regaining consciousness.  I want to be there so she isn’t any more confused than she will undoubtedly be.”

“Aye, Sir”, she responds.  “I have eyes on all of us.”  I feel safe knowing she is perched in The Hammer with its many screens monitoring various views of The Glory inside and out.

We cut away the large pieces of shrapnel that won’t pull loose.  Chief says as long as it is not in the engine shrouds just hack it flush, seal it up, and we will be fine.  “OK, Pete”, I say.  “That piece is free and we are all patched up.  It’s up to you now to reconnect the injector line.”

“Damn it”, shots Pete in multiple languages.  “Eldon we have a problem.”

“Talk to me big guy, what is it”, I ask.

“It’s not just the injector line”, he mutters in disbelief.  “It appears that the injector head has blown out of its seat.”

“That’s bad, real bad”, I stammer feeling emotionally drained.  “We will have to call this one in to Chief.”

“I’ll take care of it Eldon”, he informs.  “You have enough on your plate.  Pete to Chief, do you read me?”

“I read you Pete”, replies Chief.  “Go ahead.”

“I have some bad news for you”, he begins.  “While I was attempting to reconnect the injector line for the neutralizer supply; I noticed the nozzle was loose.  After further inspection I found the injector was missing.”

“We have a spares in the engineering work shop that no big deal...hold for one second”, Chief pauses then informs.  “Captain, I am sending Chief Sa’Bula back to The Glory.”

“Is everything OK”, asks the Captain.

“Well Captain”, replies Chief.  “I’m sure he will be fine once he is out of this cursed ship.  The gravity is gone and you can just imagine the gory, horrors floating about.”

“Understood Chief”, states the Captain.  “I will have Myra see him to the lounge.”

“Chief”, informs Pete.  “It’s more than just the injector head.  The seat is blown out and the threads are now as smooth as glass.”

“That’s just great”, replies Chief and begins to swear in his native tongue.  “Well we will have to barrow one from the Bonaventure.  Did you happen to find out where the injector head went?”

“I’m searching for it as we speak”, grunts Pete as he strains to pear into the thruster.  “I’ll keep you informed.”

“Thanks Pete”, he replies.  “If you find it I will owe you big time.”

“Does that mean we would be even on our wager “, laughs Pete.  “I’ll climb inside this damn thruster to find it.”

“Pete”, replies Chief.  “If you find the injector head, I promise I will take it easy on you.”

Timothy and I work away vigorously on the port wing section removing the large piece of enemy vessel lodged into The Glory.  “Whoa!  Timothy!  Something has put a fire under your belly”, I blurt out in shock.  “You should slow down!  You’re running off as little sleep as the rest of us, and that’s how accidents happen.”

“You’re right Eldon, you’re right”, he states.  “I just want to get down to the surface.”

“I understand”, I reassure.  “I can use some solid ground after all this nonsense too.”

“It’s not that”, he begins.  “I have been shot at, and have seen my fair share of tight spots while aboard The Glory in the last four years”, he pauses.  “I just have some important business to tend to, and it has waited long enough.”

“Business”, I ask.  “What kind of business?  It’s OK Tim; your secret is safe with me.”

“Eldon, have you ever been in love before”, he asks catching me off guard.  “I mean real love; not some schoolyard fawning or adolescent lust, but the real thing.”

“I believe I know what you talking about”, I reply just then Pete comes over the com link with news of the missing injector head.  We stop to listen in hopes that it is not too severe of an issue.

“Chief, do you read me”, Pete inquires.  “I found the little bugger.  It is stuck to one of the magnates in the shroud.” 

“That was easy enough, so the bets still on”, laughs Chief.  “Two questions for you; first question is can you extract it easily?  The next question is did it score up the inside of the ionization chamber?”

“I have extracted the injector with ease”, he sighs in relief.  “The chamber is in good condition; however the magnate is shattered and is full of fine fractures.  Do you think you can borrow one of theirs as well?”

“Sure no problem”, responds Chief.  “When I’m finished I’ll just swing by the corner store and get us some beer and pork rinds.  I will get one to replace the broken one please leave it be until I can address the matter, I’m sending Malcolm back to get the super conductor to aid in the removal of the magnate.”

Now that we know that the issue is not beyond repair.  It would seem that in all of this, the most damage that has been suffered is Chief’s sanity.  “Please, continue Timothy”, I state.

“Well Eldon, love, you see, it gets into every fiber of your being”, he pauses for a second to compose his thoughts.  “Take this atmo suit for example.  Imagine that you have an itch or a drop of sweat on your nose.  You can’t get to it, can you?”

“I guess you can’t”, I reply.

“It just gets worst doesn’t it”, he continues.  “It becomes all that you can focus on; consumes your every thought.  Making everything else happening around you disappears.  In fact it intensifies and it becomes the only thing you can feel.”

“I completely understand you Tim”, I chuckle.  “I truly do.”

“It just kills me”, he sighs.  After a moment of silence he continues, “Just knowing that we could have been down on the surface of Maris by now.”

“She is Pete’s sister isn’t she”, I ask.

“He told you”, gasps Timothy.

“It came up in a casual conversation.  You know he looks to you as a little brother”, I state in a reassuring tone.  “What is her name?”

“Galyia”, he says as his face lights up.  “The sound of her name makes my heart shutter with joy”, he stairs off into The Abyss no doubt picturing her face.  “You know it wasn’t always that way between Pete and me.  Until he realized my heart is true, I was pretty sure he wanted to tie me to the mast of his zaglowkia and just set it adrift.”

“I guess big brothers are the same no matter what planet of origin they claim”, I add with a laugh.

“This is my last voyage aboard The Glory”, he informs in a serious tone.  “I’m going to ask Galyia to settle down with me; to take me as her life mate and get working on a family together.”

“Why Timothy, I’m happy for you”, I say with a smile.  “This is great news; especially after all this mess, and remember your secret is safe with me.”

“Thank you Eldon”, he says as his face glows with happiness.

“Well come on Tim we got to get you to the surface”, I states with a smirk.  “So quit dreaming and let’s get this tub sealed up.”

We both erupt into laughter, and toil away furiously with a renewed spirit.  Chief has returned to The Glory with the scavenged parts, as the brothers join us outside.  Checking that all the flaps and stabilizers are properly functioning; Chief, Pete, and Myra get things together on the inside.  This has been a hell of a night.  Being woken up out of a dead sleep, a valorous firefight; followed by a space walk into a tomb and now three hours with a welding torch.  All this I might add on only 4 hours of sleep.

“That’s it”, I reply with a deliriously blank stare.  “We are done on the outside.”

“Good job Lad”, replies Chief.  “Let’s get everyone in.”

“Copy that Chief”, I reply with great joy.  “OK, Men you heard the boss everyone in.”

I head to dock the Exo-suit as the men drag our tools back to the airlock.  We can’t get out of the Atmo suits fast enough.  Even though we were in zero atmo you still feel like you were dragging around an anchor through the surf.  I ache with fatigue, but it is nothing that a hot shower and a few hours of sleep won’t fix.  I like days of work like this; they make me feel so accomplished when they are finished.  We are greeted by the Lieutenant with a tray of hot coffee and some snacks to boost our energy up.  She hands me a mug with its handle towards me.  As it passes from her hand to mine her index finger extends past mine; it ever so slightly and sensually grazes the back of my hand.  She draws it all the way back to the tip of my index finger.  I raise my eyes to meet hers with a warm loving look in them; as a gentle smile curls in the corners of her mouth.  I absolutely know what Timothy was talking about.

“Captain”, spoke the Lieutenant into her communicator.  “We will be ready to report in ten minutes.  The men are just catching their breath.”

“Thank you Lieutenant”, he replies.  “I will expect everyone in the bridge in fifteen.”

“Aye Sir”, she states.  “Fifteen it is.”

We compose ourselves the best we can without a proper shower.  Stowing our suits and recharging our air supply; one never want to be caught in an emergency with an empty air tank.  On our way to the bridge we bring the tools back to the work shop as the Lieutenant collects our empty mugs, and disappears into the elevator.  We all start to make our way to the bridge to re-examine our current state.

We enter the bridge and find that we are now joined by two guests being watched over by Augustus.  Chief Petty Officer Sa’Bula; who seems to be suffering from some sort of post traumatic stress, and the Dwarf female who we learn is Doctor Fiona Taggerdt.  She is a government researcher; unfortunately we do not, and will not know any more about her work.  She is young and quite attractive.  She has a petite build with innocent doe-eyes.  Her features are curvy with plump lips, and rosy cheeks.  I can tell by the color of her ID badge she has some of the highest levels of security clearance.  This would make her one of the top researcher in her field.

“Thank you for all that you have done”, praises the Captain.  “We have pulled together and accomplished much is a very short time”, he pauses.  “I have been in contact with the USSG’s out post about a day and a half from our present location.  They are aware of the status of their vessel and our guest.  With Pete’s help I have forwarded the recording from the Bonaventure.”

“Captain”, interject the Doctor.  “If I may first thank you and your crew for saving us; I cannot put into words the appreciation that I have for your valor.  You have placed yourself into harm’s way for strangers.  This simply amazes me.”  She began to tear up with emotion as the gravity of the situation hits her.

“You are quite welcome”, replies the Captain as he hands her his handkerchief.  “Here you are my dear Doctor.  Please dry you eyes.  The worst is now behind us”, he composes himself and turns his attention back to business.  “Chief, please be so kind to fill us all in on the status of the main thrusters.”

“Well Captain”, he begins.  “We were able to retrieve the necessary parts from the Bonaventure.”

I happened to look at our guest at this comment and noticed something very interesting.  Sa’Bula with a bit of shock in his eyes turned slightly towards the Dr. Taggerdt as she returned a glance with a hushing tone.  Are the engines themselves their top secrete research they were working on out here, away from prying eyes?  Do we have pieces of some advanced propulsion system installed in The Glory?

“It took a bit of retrofitting and fabrication to get the somewhat foreign looking parts installed”, continues Chief.  “I have been in engineering a long time Sir, but I have never come in contact with some of the materials that I have seen used in that vessel’s construction.”

Chief Sa’Bula with great amazement blurted out, “You were able to fit the part to your thrusters?”  The doctor again shoots the Chief a glare to silence himself.  I am now convinced that this must have been their research.

“Excellent work Chief, to you and your team”, commends the Captain.  “Chief Sa’Bula, we did what we needed in order to be able to get ourselves to the surface.  We do not steal; we are not rogues like the villains we rescued you from!”

“Captain”, states the Doctor.  “I apologize on behalf of Chief Sa’Bula.  I know he means no disrespect.  He must still be in shock of the entire situation.”

“I understand Doctor for the strain must be great”, replies the Captain.  “Your organization may take back anything that belongs to them once we get to the surface.  This brings us back to the heart of the matter.  Gumph in your expert opinion can we attempt entry into atmosphere?”

“Captain, I am confident that we can”, he turns his glace to Myra.  “It’s gonna be rough, but I know our pilot is more than capable of getting us to the surface in one piece.”

“I have flown for many years with the two of you”, adds the Captain looking at Myra and Chief.  “We have had many close calls.  I am more than confident that with this crew, with their knowledge, and their passion; any goal is obtainable”, he pauses staring at us with a profound look.  “Chief”, orders the Captain.  “Cut loose the grapples and prep the thrusters for full power.  Myra plot us a course for Maris; all personnel to report back here in an hour and a half.  We will be in Maris’ orbit in two hours; engines permitting.”

“Aye, Captain”, replies the crew with excitement.

“All right Lads you heard the Captain”, commands Chief.  “Prep for landing!”

We scurry to make the preparations we are even instructed that we may shower and tidy up while in route.  The main thrusters hold and to our surprise they seem to be putting out even more power that before.  I credit this to the mysterious parts pilfered from the Bonaventure, and I can only imagine the power we would have if the entire thrusters were installed.  We return to the bridge to take our places for landing.  The most beautiful sapphire glow appears in the horizon.  It is Maris in its entire azure splendor against the black of The Abyss.  The morale of the crew is uplifted and the Captain’s spirits are very high.  We secure ourselves for descent and although the thrusters are temporarily repaired; we have not dropped anchor yet.

“Pete”, asks the Captain over the open channel.  “Do you remember where we first met?”

“I do indeed, sir”, he replies, “It was on the dock of Puros Vitiu in my home providence of Elyees.  I believe you were relaxing on the balcony of Lekkiev Straznic Krodozin.”

“That’s the name”, interjects the Captain.  “That name has escaped me as of late.  As I recall they have the best dish there.  I believe it is some sort of local mollusk, and these exquisite drinks with little paper parasols in them.”

“Ah yes”, Pete reminisces as they strap into their seats prepping for entry into Atmo.  “Those drinks pack quite the punch, and a kick.”

“That is for damn sure”, recalls the Captain.  “The Baztal offered this most interesting blend of tobacco; I honestly, have ever had.” He turns back towards business, “Myra, if you would please begin to bring us down.  We shall have our breakfast at Lekkiev.”


G=9.8 M/s


We begin our descent into the atmosphere of Maris.  The behemoth of a planet grows larger and large on the display screen.  So far everything feels normal.  We begin to adjust our angel to break the skin of the atmosphere; as we start to sink into the mesosphere.  “Maris Air Command”, booms Pete.  “This is ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory.  We are requesting clearance for an emergency landing.”

“This is Air Command MAC-671 to ISFI-1313”, spoke a voice over the com.  “We read you Neptune’s Glory and understand your status.  You are cleared to land with a heading of west, southwest over The Krispen Sea about 50 kilometers out from the coast of Elyees.  Radar shows the area is empty and there is a tail wind of 15knots; it is far from the shipping lanes.  Neptune’s Glory, do you need emergency crew to intercept?”

“ISFI-1313 to MAC-671”, begins Pete.  “We are coming in under our own power just taking precautions.”

“Understood Neptune’s Glory”, states MAC-671.  “We have scrambled a pair of Osprey for support.  They will meet you at an altitude of 13,000 meters.”

“Copy that Command”, informs Pete.  “We will communicate with Elyees Harbor Tower once we touch down.”

“The luck of the gods be with you Neptune’s Glory”, wishes MAC-671.  “I’m transferring your channel to Elyees Emergency Interceptor-117.”

We drop in altitude smoothly; all seems to be working in our favor.  We are met by tour escort, EEI-117, as planned.  Then as luck would have it, there is this awful interruption in the harmonious whine made by the thrusters when in atmo.  Like a welding torch running out of fuel there are three great pops and then nothing from the starboard main thruster.

“Captain”, interjects Myra.  “We have fire in number 2, Injecting Halomethane suppressant into the chamber.”

“Talk to me Chief”, says the Captain in a still very calm tone.  “Where is the number 2 thruster?”

“Sir”, quickly replies Chief with confidence.  “There was a failure with a thermal coupler in the primary heat exchanger.  Fire is suppressed; system is bypassing to the back up.  Reigniting is in 10 seconds.

As if you were to drop a match on an open gas burner the thruster reignites with a violent pop.  This joy is short lived.  The resignation of the thruster lets out a massive explosion and then goes completely dead.  The alarm sounds and panic hits me like a sledge hammer to my chest.  We list to the starboard causing the sensation of momentary weightlessness.  Terminal velocity is 9.8 meter per second.  I hope and pray that there are enough meters between us and the surface.  I pray Myra can regain control.

“Everyone, hold tight”, shouts Myra.  “I’m engaging starboard stabilizers.”

“Chief, report please”, orders the Captain.  “Is number 2 done?”

“Aye, Sir”, he shouts back.  “I’m boosting all power to secondary number 4.  The number 2 has suffered a collapse in the acceleration electrode.”

“Prepare for emergency purge of hull section”, orders the Captain.

“Captain, Wait”, shouts Myra.  “Sir please, I can pull us out of this!  Deploying starboard speed breaks.”

“Very well”, he replies.  “But if we are not flying right by an altitude of 8,000 meters I’m purging.”

Purge the hull section!  This is bad, I look over to the Lieutenant and there is a no sign of fear; however there is uneasiness in her eyes.  The stabilizer keeps us from going into a roll, then eventually a spiral, and then death.  I look around the bridge and see that all my family and our two new friends sitting quietly awaiting our fate.  I take this time to pray.  Mother If you hear me I ask for your help.  I have just begun a new life and I am not yet ready to join you and father.  If it is the will of the gods, then so be it.  If so, please prepare a place for me and my comrades in the great heavens.  Amen!

“Neptune’s Glory this is Captain Scholoff of EEI-117sent buy MAC-671.  Do you read?”

“EEI-117” replies Pete as he and Myra wrestle back into proper pitch and yaw to the horizon.  “We read you over.”

“Is there anything we can do to assist you”, asks EEI-117.

“EEI-117“, replies Pete.  “We are attempting to level out.  Please stand by.”

“Copy that Neptune’s Glory”, begins EEI-117.  “We are holding our position.”

“Captain”, spoke Myra.  “Engaging port flaps, and powering back number 1 thruster.”

From the combination of this maneuver and the drag from the speed breaks; we begin to slow as we start to level out.  We are rapidly approaching the minimum safe altitude to pull ourselves level.  If this fails, the Captain will have to detach the hull portion and that will lighten our weight by thousands of tons allowing us to be able to land with just the power of the secondary thrusters; however adding weeks of repairs to The Glory.

“Myra”, begins the Captain sealing Augustus into the cradle as his finger creeping towards the covered purge control.  “If you have any last trick by all means please use them now.”

“Captain”, interjects Myra.  “I’m going to fire the RCS thrusters on starboard side.”

“EEI-117”, shouts Pete.  “If this fails we will purge our hull section.  Please be advised!”

EEI-117 and his wingman begin to ease off and make preparations to call in a salvage barge to secure our hull.  The RCS fire in a sequence of controlled bursts a half dozen times.  We are leveling out I can’t believe it.  This crazy scheme born of desperation has worked.  By the gods!  The excellent piloting ability of Myra has saved us and The Glory as a complete vessel.

“EEI-117”, informs Pete.  “It worked we are able to touch down.”

“All in a day’s work I assume.  That quite some fling”, replies EEI-117.  “Neptune’s Glory you may complete your landing approach at 32 degrees, 5 minutes, .75 seconds North and 81 degrees, 5 minutes and 59.4 seconds west.”

“Copy that EEI-117”, replies Pete.  “We are setting our heading to the coordinates now.”

“Sir”, begins Myra.  “We are coming in hot!  Pete refrains from deploying nautical boom until after splash down.”

“Understood withholding on deployment”, he replies.

We descend a bit turbulently but easily enough.  Our splash down is quit rough compared to the landings I am use to.  The force would have damaged the boom arm hydraulics.  All said and done I really can’t complain.  We are alive!

“Neptune’s Glory do you read” inquires EEI-117.  “Are you capable to make it to port under your own power?”

“Roger that EEI-117”, replies Pete.  “We are capable.  We should be in port in roughly an hour.”

“Very good to hear Neptune’s Glory”, EEI-117 pause then asks.  “To whom am I speaking with?  Your voice is very familiar.”

“I’m Pietriv Nirvioch, navigator and communications officer of the ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory”, Pete states proudly.

“Pietriv of Puros Vitiu”, gasps the voice.

“I hail from Puros Vitiu originally”, replies Pete.

“Pietriv, it is I, Youros Scholoff”, replies the voice.  “We have attended academy together in our youth.”

“Youros”, replies Pete with much enthusiasm.  “Man alive!  It has been almost eight years since we have last met.  In all the excitement I could not focus on anything else.”

“Yes, I can see how the situation demanded total focus”, he reassures.  “It has been far too long my friend.”

“Captain Scholoff, this is Captain J.E.  Frost”, he begins.  “You have showed valor in your concern of my crew and ship.  We are forever in your debt.  Please you and you wingman will be my guest tonight.”

“Thank you Captain”, Youros replies.  “It is my duty; this is not necessary.”

“Nonsense I insists”, commands the Captain.  “Besides you are an old friend to Pietriv.  Meet us this evening at Lekkiev Straznic Krodozin, around sun down.”

“I know this place, Captain”, replies Youros.  “If you insist; we will take you up on the invitation”, he pauses and turns his attention back to business.  “You appear to have things under control.  We will catch up with you later, Captain.”  With these words our escort broke off and returned to base.  In spite of all the mayhem, Myra has set us down safely.


Neptune’s Ceremony


We comprise a report for any additional damage caused by reentry into atmo.  The Glory checks out fit and seaworthy; well, as fit as she can be.  The worst seems to be behind us now.  The Captain gives the order to open the exterior hatches to let some fresh air in; I guess I’m not the only one who has a claustrophobic feeling after all the commotion last night.  The sweet smell of the salty sea rushes into the bridge deck.  I make my way down to the main deck and perch myself on the forecastle.  I would much rather be out in the freshness surrounded by the morning sky and the many hues of blue.  I look back towards the stern and see the Captain and Augustus on the port side balcony that flanks the neck of the helm.  He sees me looking back as he puffs away on his pipe, and sends a very grateful salute my way.  I return the salute feeling overwhelming acceptance.

We will be in harbor in about an hour and a half; this should place us in port by 1000hours.  Then some much needed breakfast and a good strong drink.  I’m not a huge drinker, but after last night I really need one to mellow me out.  I don’t think I have ever had such a crazy two weeks in my whole life, and some strange feeling tells me that this won’t be the last time I will utter these words.

Off in the distance, I can just begin to make out the cost of Elyees, on the horizon.  This is going to be an excellent day; the weather is just perfect.  As we grow nearer to the port, I can begin to make out the famed twin beacons of light that flank the mouth of the harbor.  They are quite majestic towers, resembling the lighthouses of Vena.  These are massive works of stone and mortar stretching over 75 meter into the sky.

“Captain”, shouts Pete with unbridled joy in his voice from over the com.  “I can see them?  The twin beacons of Elyees off the port bow!”

“How long has it been Pete”, the Captain asks.

“Almost two years, Sir”, he replies with a waiver of emotion in his voice.

“Two Years”, replies the Captain.  “That’s far too long.  We are way overdue.”

Pete announces our arrival and requests a slip for us to dock.  Since we are not making any drops in this harbor we are given Permission to drop anchor out in the harbor itself.  The dock space is reserved for non-commercial vessels.  We will have to make use of our skiff to taxi us to shore.

“Drop anchor”, orders the Captain from his place on the balcony.  “Chief, have the men retrieve the skiff and ready it so we may go ashore.”

“Aye, Captain”, he replies with much happiness in his voice.  “Alright men, you heard the Captain, so get to it.”

Timothy could not be given this order soon enough.  I begin to make my way to the quarterdeck to assist my mates.  “Eldon, do you read me”, inquires the Lieutenant from over my communicator.

“I read you Lieutenant”, I reply.  “What can I do for you?”

“The men can handle this task without you”, she states.  “I need your help in the armory.  It is something that can’t wait.”

“Understood Lieutenant, I’m on my way now”, I state feeling puzzled.

I head to B-deck and call for the elevator; as I wonder what could be so pressing a matter in the armory.  After all we are in a safe port there should be no need for weapons.  I assume that it’s just the Lieutenant’s nature to be overly cautious with our safety.  The elevator arrives; I enter pressing the button, beginning my descent to C-deck.  The doors open and to my surprise I find the Lieutenant standing there to greet me.  It startles me for a second; not expecting to see her waiting for me at the door.

“Lieutenant is everything, OK.”  She does not speak a single work.  She merely stares at me with a hungry look in her eyes as I ask, “Lieutenant, did you think I would have trouble finding you”, I smile feeling odd; trying to figure out why she has meet me here.

She grabs me by the collar and pulls herself into me as we step back into the elevator; slamming me up against the wall.  The door closes, and a force far greater than the entire universe; presses us together.  We lock in such an intense kiss.  This is the fiercest exchange of passion I have ever experienced in my entire life.  Time stands still and all else disappears.  Nothing else matters; just the two of us locked in this fevered embrace.  We claw at each other like rabid animals.  My communicator sounds; slamming us back to reality.

“Mr. Eldon”, speaks the Captain.  “Could you please come to The Lido deck?”

“I’m on my way Captain, I will be there in two minutes”, I reply a bit confused.  “Sir, are we a pleasure vessel?”

“Well”, the Captain replies with a hardy laugh.  “Today, my son, we are.  Let us celebrate life!”

We gaze longingly into each other’s eyes as we take the unfortunately short ride up to A-deck.  We manage in one last kiss.  In what feels like a great relief to both of us, we smile at one another; as the elevator doors open.  We make our way down the corridor to the lounge, holding hands.  Through the thick glass doors of Aft-deck, I can see the entire crew assembled.

“Eldon”, Shara says softy to me.  “This is not over.  We will have much time to explore this matter.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I reply with a smirk.  “I hope that’s an order!”  She releases my hand, and we step out onto the deck; to say the least I am quite confused as to what is before me.  The Captain stands holding an ancient looking book.  Myra, Pete, and Chief are wearing ridiculously, strange hats.  I look about baffled as to what is happening.  I look at Shara who is now wearing one of these goofy hats as well.

“Mr. Eldon Samuelson”, addresses the Captain.  “Please step forward.  Let it be known that the Pollywog is present.”  Pollywog!  I do as instructed now noticing that the rest of the crew is wearing ornate necklaces and grass skirts.  There is a plank set off the top of the taffrail.

“Mr. Eldon Please take you place upon the plank”, orders the Captain.

Doing as instructed I ask, “Captain if I may ask a question, Sir?”

“You may ask, but one question”, he replies.

“Sir”, I begin a bit nervous.  “What crime have I committed that warrants the plank?”

“It is no crime, but your current status of Pollywog”, he pauses then commands.  “Walk out to the end.”  Once again I do as instructed.  I am convinced that this is the moment of hazing I have long awaited.  I look down and see the calm turquoise water of the harbor about 40 meters below.  “Would thou leap if so commanded”, inquires the Captain.

“Aye Captain”, I begin my reply with a dry mouth.  “I would!”

“And why would thou hurl thyself to the sea below”, he demands.

“If my Captain, has commanded me to do so”, I reply.  “Then I would leap.”

“Even if it meant great harm”, he inquires.  “Or even death?”

“Aye Sir, I trust in my Captain, and if it was for the good of the ship and her crew.  I would do so”, I respond with pride.  “This ship is my home and these people are my family.”

“Mr. Eldon, please step down and join us on the deck”, he orders.  “This ceremony has been delayed in its timing; whoever I did not want to engage in this ritual in the unstable port of Kalium Mine.  You have proven yourself worthy of this crew”, states the Captain as I climb off the plank and stand facing the crew. Then he asks, “If any member of my crew sees Mr. Eldon unfit let them speak now.”  All present show their acceptance with their silence.  “Know ye that Eldon Samuelson on the 10th day of September, aboard The ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory has crossed the center of star system of Helios Carminatus.  Thus entering Our Royal Domain and having been scrutinized with great caution found worthy by My Royal council, and was initiated into The Solemn Mysteries of the Ancient Order of The Abyss.  I command my subjects to honor and respect him as one of our Trusty Novabacks...Signed
*Davey Jones:  His Royal Scribe
*Neptune Rex:  Ruler of the Raging Main.”

Everyone erupts in cheers and the Captain orders for a celebratory round; as we are all passed a very decorative stemmed shot glass containing a strange electric blue liquid, similar to the glow of the Ion thruster.  “This is The Tears of Maris”, informs the Captain.  “I am pouring it from a very special bottle that was given to me many years ago, upon my first voyage to this planet.  Let us all raise a glass to life!  By the luck of the gods we still have ours.  To family!  For this is what we are; lastly, but of no less importance, to Mr. Eldon, he is now officially one of us.”

All raise their glass and repeat, “To life, to Family and to Eldon!”

We throw back our shot.  This is one of the most exquisitely delicious liquors I have ever tasted.  I cannot even begin to describe the flavors that danced upon my tongue.  I can however state that just that one shot has flooded my body with gentle waves of tingling relaxation.  I am sure that I will be having some more of this while here on Maris.

“Now crew and our most welcomed guest”, states the Captain.  “I believe we have a skiff read to bring us ashore.  Come let us feast in celebration.”


The Guiding Lights of Elyees


We assemble in the skiff as Pete takes us out into the bay.  We pull up to a spot on the dock and climb the immense staircase to the top of the sea wall.  This is truly the most beautiful port I have ever seen.  Locals and visitors alike are welcoming with smiles and friendly nods as we pass one another.  Pete educates us on how this is the oldest part of the harbor and the oldest port in the whole providence of Scrygeoche.  Scrygeoche is the chain of islands he calls home.  More exact the large island of Elyees.  Puros Vitiu is the largest city on this island and where we are currently docked.  He explains how the harbor caters more to the industry of tourism these days.

There is a newer section of harbor accessed by the estuary of The Great Elyees River; whose mouth is to the east of the bay.  The buildings, here, have been deemed historic.  What once served as factories and warehouses have been given a new life.  Now repurposed; they serve as restaurants, inns, and shops.  They are colossal beauties of a most interesting architecture.  The material can only be describes as a substance resembling sand.  This sand appears to be coated in a thick laminate of what resembles glass; beautiful tinted and transparent layers of glass.  My best description of it would be if you were to make a sandcastle then coat it in layers of colorful ice.  Some structures have decorative reliefs of aquatic life set in this layer, truly breathtaking.  We arrive at Lekkiev Straznic Krodozin or Lekkiev as the locals refer to it.  Pete stops and looks below to the water’s edge.

“There it is”, Pete says.  “This is the spot where my life changed forever.”

“Would you say it was for the better”, inquires the Captain.

“Sir”, replies Pete.  “I would make the same choice if asked again today.”

We enter the tavern and it appears that Pete is somewhat of a local hero, of sorts.  “He seems to be quite popular”, I say to Chief.

“Aye Lad”, he replies.  “However I think his notoriety stems from his skills with drinking, gambling, and apparently with quite a few of the ladies.”

We chuckle amongst ourselves as we head to a large outside lounge area.  If this is just a local watering hole; I can’t wait to see the rest of this island.  This is the epitome of relaxation; an oasis.  There are plush ottomans and lounge-chairs all about.  A very beautiful bronzed woman, towering at over two meters in height, ushers in with a round of those colorful drinks with little paper umbrellas mentioned by the Captain.  Then two more of the Amazonian beauties enter one with a tray of assorted delicacies from the mother sea.  The other woman brings in a hookah.  She places it down, and smiles at Pete and the Captain.  Their sun kissed skin glows in the morning light and the stark contrast of her eyes is shocking in its beauty.  She is wearing the typical dress of Aqualon women, a type of halter top and an airy sarong exposing their well tones torsos.

Timothy is gazing longingly off into the direction of the main part of the town; no doubt dreaming of Galyia.  The woman who brought in the hookah tiptoes stealthily behind Timothy.  She wraps her arms around him.  “Looking for a woman, sailor”, she whispers as she bends down to kisses his cheek.

He jumps with a start to see who is groping him, “Galyia”, shouts Timothy with surprise.  “Can it truly be you my love?”

“It has been so long my love”, spoke Galyia choked with tears of joy.  “We have much catching up to do.”  They embrace with a force so great that not even the strongest of tides could tear them apart.

“Mr. Timothy”, orders the Captain.  “You are officially on liberty.  You may go about your business.”

“Thank you Sir”, Timothy replies wiping tears from his eyes.  “I, no, we will meet up with you later.”

Pete and the Captain were in on this all along.  They coordinated with Galyia; arranging this little surprise for Timothy.  The happy couple rush off to make up for lost time.  “Captain”, inquires Shara.  “So we are to have liberty?”

“This is correct, Lieutenant”, he replies.

“But Sir”, asks Chief.  “What of our cargo, and Jack?”

“Excellent questions”, responds the Captain.  “Tomorrow, we will need to work an hour or two at the most.  Chief what do you know of the Dwarven freighter FDNI-257 Mirth Murhum?”

“I know this vessel well”, replies Chief.  “My Cousin Alistair is first mate aboard her.  Is she in trouble, Captain?”

“No not at all Chief”, he answers reassuringly.  “Jack has mentioned that he has met the Captain; a Cailin Bryson.  Jack informed me that he has arranged a return trip aboard her vessel.  I sent a message to her asking the Mirth Murhum’s assistance in this matter.  I have offered her the remaining cargo we carry as well as any leads we could offer at the next drop point.”

“That’s a stroke of luck”, says Chief.  “Well Sir, where do we make the exchange?”

“We will navigate up river”, he begins.  “Then we may off load into a warehouse until The Mirth Murhum’s arrival.”

“Understood Captain”, replies Myra.  “What time shall we weigh Anchor?”

“Let us enjoy and relax a bit”, replies the Captain.  “No need to rush we’ll call it 0900 hours tomorrow; after a bit of breakfast”, he pauses then adds, “And no need to trouble Mr. Timothy.”

“Sir”, states a concerned Chief.  “What of our main drives?  Are we to schedule repairs?”

“In time my good man”, replies the Captain.  “The inspector heading up the investigation of the Bonaventure has asked us to hold on repairs.  They have stated, that do to our heroism; they will handle all repairs to The Glory.”

“Sir “, interjects Shara.  “You know as well as I do, that governments don’t usually give such gestures so freely.”

“I do Lieutenant”, he replies with a grin.  “The least we can do is hear them out.”

We lounge about enjoying the bounty of the sea in many familiar and exotic dishes.  Pete stands up and addresses us.  “Captain, crew, friends”, begins Pete with great joy.  “We have been invited by my family and village to be their guest.  They have invited us to stay with them in Dum Nostrum as long as we are to be on Maris.  They have even arranged a great feast for us tomorrow evening.”

“Pete”, spoke the Captain.  “We will be honored to be the guest of your people.  Crew we will make a few trips back to The Glory to gather the necessary items for our stay ashore.  We will meet back here at sun down as promised to Captain Scholoff.”

We split up, free to explore the harbor area; as Pete, Chief and the brothers are off.  It is no doubt that Chief is beginning to cash in on his gambling winnings.  The Captain, Myra and Doctor Taggerdt remain to enjoying the serenity of the balcony overlooking the harbor.  Chief Sa’Bula must have slipped off at some point; no one can seem to tell the last time he has been seen.  Shara shoots me a glance as if she has something planned for us.  We excuse ourselves and exit the tavern.

“Eldon”, gleams Shara.  “Are you up for an adventure?”

“Adventure is something that I am always up for”, I reply.

“Good, follow me”, Shara squeaks as she grabs me by the hand, and leads me off down towards the towering beacon on this side of the harbor.  “Since they have first appeared on the horizon I wanted to climb to the top”, she says with a smile.

We enter into the tower and begin to climb the never ending helix of stairs; winding higher and higher.  After so many meters the stair case would stop to a landing with many windows to observe the surrounding harbor.  There are a great number of visitors that seek the same amazing vantage point of the observatory.  Finally after a good twenty minutes of a very vigorous pace, we reach the gallery deck.  From here you can see for kilometers in all directions.  The land masses are still densely covered with forests of goliath trees.  An island paradise; except it is an entire world of every romantic beach you have ever witnessed

“It is quite some view”, gasps Shara.

“Indeed, it is”, I reply peering in to her amethyst eyes.  “But I did not need to climb up here to see such a breath taking view”, I gently brush a windblown lock of her silken hair from her face; “None of this even comes close to your beauty.”

Our lips intertwine in a passionate exchange.  I feel her fall into me.  This is what I have always thought love should feel like, and to my surprise, so much more than I imagined.  I gather through her body language she feels the same.  My hands press her body in close as she clings to me tightly.  She pulls away for just enough time to utter.  “Eldon”, she states with a hungry look in her eyes.  “I have wanted to do this to you from the moment I first set eyes on you.”

“No need for words”, I reply.  “I can feel it in your kiss!”


Dum Nastrom


Time stands still when we are together; it is easy to lose track of all reality.  Shara mentions that we need to return to The Glory to retrieve our belongings so we can be on time of our meeting.  We head back across the bay to procure our belongings, and prepare to meet our gracious hosts.  “Eldon”, begins Shara from over the com.  I’m running a bit behind.  You should begin to make your way back with some of the others.”

“Is everything OK”, I ask.

“Yes, everything is fine’, she informs.  “The Captain has asked me to respond to an incoming message from The USSG’s investigative team.  They want to arrange a meeting in the next few days. We will meet up on the seawall by the beacon tower.

“I will be waiting for your there”, I reply.

Back at the sea wall, I patiently wait, to be joined by my beauty.  As the sun begins its descent into the sea the tide starts to come in, rising to meet it.  I find the long climb to the top of the sea wall is much shorter.  I am lost in my thoughts trying to wrap my head around all the excitement that has occurred over the last few days.  Emerging from over the edge of the wall is a vision; a breathtaking image just like the first time you watch the sun rise from out of the sea.  It is the unmistakable silhouette of Shara.  She approaches me as the detail of her elegant saree becomes clearer.  It flows gently in the breeze giving her an angelic appearance.  I cannot help having the strange feeling of déjà vu again.  Maybe it is the image of my seraph floating towards me, the warm soft glow of the setting sun, or the intrepid light beacon behind her.  It is so strange, but so familiar.

“Shara, I am beyond words”, I gasp stunned by her beauty.  “Just when I thought perfection could not possibly be improved upon.”

“Eldon”, she begins as she flashes her eyes at me.  “Is this something males of your race say to women to win their favor?”

“It all depends on their motives”, I inform.  “Mine are true; I assure you of this.  I just am not use to seeing you in your traditional dress.”

“Well, I take it that you are quite pleased”, she spoke as her pale cheeks become flush.  “Thank you for your complement.”

Together, we head to meet the others at the tavern.  I think Myra can tell that there is something happening between Shara and myself.  It is the manner in which she greets us; giving a bit of a smile followed by a wink.  Captain Scholoff has just arrived with his wingman Lieutenant Telfroy.  It appears that Pete and Captain Frost have been here indulging in the famed beverage of this tavern for some time.  They reminisce of the day that they first met.  Captain Scholoff has been sharing embarrassing stories of himself and Pete, from when they attended academy.  The sun has now dropped below the line of the horizon.  The sky begins to turn from the orange and pinks of sunset; giving way to the purple shade of evening.

“Captain”, addresses Pete.  “With your Permission I would like to have everyone join me.  I have arranged for a trolley to bring us to the village of my family.  There my kin will be waiting to greet us with a humble offering of local fair.  Tomorrow will be a different story.  There shall be a great feast and all present are welcome.”

“Excellent Pete”, replies the Captain as he fills his pipe with the tavern’s special blend of tobacco.  “Please lead the way.”

We file out to the waiting trolley and begin our ride through the main part of town.  The scenery becomes more wooded with a thickly canopy from the large native trees.  There is a wonderful floral fragrance wafting as we pass under them.  I can’t wait to explore the area in the daylight.  After about a fifteen minute ride the trolley stops and we disembark.  We stand in front of an ancient totem post supporting a sign that reads Dum Nastrom in Aqualonian and the common tongue.  “This is my village”, informs Pete.  “Please follow me carefully.  For the tide has come in and we must take to the Ochozev Stromech.”

“Pete, buddy”, inquires Chief.  “What exactly is the Ostrich Stomach?”

“I’m not sure”, replies Pete as he lets out a great bellowing laugh at this failed attempt of pronunciation.  “But the Ochozev Stromech, translated to the street in the trees.”

Just as these words were uttered it all comes into focus.  The lights began to shine through the thick growth as if millions of fireflies were lingering in the surrounding trees.  The night watchman calls out to Pete.  He replies in his native tongue as a cork screw shaped ramp is lowered to us.  The Aqualonian language has a cadence of a baritone chant.  Listing to a conversation in this language is a truly moving experience.  The vibration of the bass literally can be felt in one’s chest.  Up into the trees we walk.  The elevation of the ground drops the further in we travel.  I can hear all types of life moving about in the trees around us.  I figure it is only wildlife settling in for the evening.

This is a truly amazing experience.  I can only see so much; as it is very dark due to the dense covering of the tree foliage.  Meandering the vast network of paths; as we stroll pass what appear to be inhabitances nestled high up in the branches of great girth.  The house like structures becomes more abundant the further in we venture.  We reach the center of the village where a large group is assembled over various platforms awaiting our arrival.  This is the stuff every child, on my planet, has ever dreamed of.  This is like the most amazing tree house ever fathomed by a child’s mind; expect it caters to the needs of an adult reality.

“Welcome friends and visitors to our humble village”, informs the man with a great smile.  “I am Michloh, and as village elder; it is my duty and privilege to welcome you to Dum Nastrom.”

“Father”, booms Pete walking over to embrace Michloh.  “It is good to be home.”

“Son”, shouts woman standing behind Michloh.

“Mother”, he cries out with joy as he lifts her from the ground in a great embrace.  “These are my friends, my surrogate family”, he turns towards us.  “Family, this is my mother Zujanna and father, Michloh.”

“Welcome”, spoke Zujanna.  “Our son calls you family and so you are; please be our guest.  I will show you to your rooms. You may leave your bags there and then we shall have something to eat.”

We are shown to the sleeping quarters then lead back down to a lower level where there is a very large table set.  We all indulge in the carefully prepared dishes.  I am told that this is a very typical meal.  It is hearty and delicious in the way that only home cooking can be.  After a few hours of eating and recounting the tale of Golgotha; we begin to slowly retire a few at a time to the upper levels.  On the balcony surrounding the sleeping quarters, Shara stands, looking out through a clearing where there is a distant beach glowing in the light of the moons.  I come up behind her and wrap my arms about her; bring her warmth in the cool night air.

“This land is a paradise”, she says as we look out into the night.  “Eldon does Vena have such places?”

“There are places on my world that look similar to this”, I pause kissing her neck.  She tilts her head as to invite further affection to her nape.  I can feel tiny goose bumps rise from this action then I ask, “Does Xiulune?”

“Xiulune’s beauty is of a different type”, she states.  “I must take you there.”

“There is a city on Vena call Oceanside Heights”, I reminisce.  “It is a playground for adults.  It is not the largest of its kind but one of the oldest.  It has a classic charm that the others lack.”

“A whole city dedicated to recreation”, she asks.  “This is such a foreign idea to me.”

“When you look at that way I suppose it is”, I reply.  “It is set on a barrier island a kilometer and a half off the coast of the main land.  It is a sea-side resort featuring gambling houses and many theaters for live entertainment.  There is a shop that sells the best frozen custards I have ever eaten.  I will take you there for one of these treats.”

“Is that where you take all the girls, Eldon”, she asks with a smirk.

“Shara it’s not like that”, I begin my defense.  “I have grown up eating this treat.”

“Sure!  Just admit it”, she says with a devilish smile.  After a few minutes of silence she asks, “Eldon, will you make your bed next to mine.  I do not like sleeping in an unfamiliar place.”

“Of course I will”, I reply with shock as a rush of emotion floods my body.

“Come let us retire”, she beckons.  “You have a bit of work to tend to in the morning and the days here on Maris are so short, even for your world.”

She kisses me as we head inside the enclosure.  As I string my hammock next to Shara’s I think of her request to me.  She is a former commando; I have witnessed her in a deadly gun battle, and she doesn’t feel comfortable sleeping in a new place?  Idiot, she just wants you near her.  Of course, how blind are you?  OK!  No need to beat yourself up, you did not act a fool.  I finish placing the pillows and blankets on our hammocks as we climb into them.

“Good night Eldon”, she whispers.

“Good night Shara”, I reply as we lay in our hammocks next to one another; Shara’s hand rests gently upon my arm as we sway soothingly off to sleep.


The Captain’s Quarters


We rise with the sun; making the preparations to bring The Glory up the river into port, here we will off load our cargo.  There are just a few of us needed for this task.  The Captain has excused Shara and Myra; intrusting them to mind Augustus.  Pete and the Captain are waiting in the skiff.  Chief, and myself are shortly joined by the brothers descend the staircase to the dock.

“Mr. Eldon”, spoke the Captain, “When the cargo is off loaded I would like a moment with you in my cabin please.”

“Aye, Sir”, I reply, “I will be there as soon as the job is complete.”

We weigh anchor and head out past the twin beacons making an eastward heading to the mouth of The Great Elyees River.  Within fifteen minutes we dock and begin to unload our full hull.  I wonder if Timothy has discussed his future plans with the Captain yet.  If he decides to leave The Glory he will be hard to replace.  An hour passes; all the cargo is logged and warehoused until the Mirth Murhum can take possession.  I wonder what the Captain wants to speak to me about.  I begin to make my way to his cabin.  I hope it is not anything negative in regards to Shara and me.  Well, I will soon find out.  I press the call button on the door to his cabin.

“You may enter”, states the Captain as the hatch opens.

“You wanted to see me Sir”, I state as I enter the room.

I find the Captain seated at a grand, antique desk writing in his leather bound ledger.  Beside the desk is an enormous cushion of fine fabric on the floor, no doubt, where Augustus would lounge while on board.  The room is lit by several ornate lamps, adorned with amazing handmade glass globes.  They cast a warm amber glow in addition to the beaming light from the large porthole.  This room smells of knowledge; the fragrance, in my mind, of what a man smells like.  This is a magical combination of leather, books, and fine cologne.  One must not forget the aroma of smoke; the smoke of both a fireplace and that of cherry tobacco.

“Please have a seat”, the Captain motions with his hand off to the left towards two oversized leather chairs, “I just need to complete this entry, then we may talk.”

I head over to the chairs and take a seat.  I look around this magnificent room, taking notice of many cultural treasures and military awards.  This, I assume, is his study and lounge.  I notice two other doors that lead off of this room.  His cabin resemble a full sized apartment; common in many Vinlandian Cities.  Then my mind begins to burn with the one question that I have been dying to ask the Captain from the moment we first met. How did he know my father?

“Mr. Eldon”, he begins as he walks from the desk over to a cabinet along the wall, “How do you like being a member of my crew?”

“Sir, if I may speak freely”, I ask.

“Please”, he replies as he pours some amber colored liquid into two, tulip shaped glasses.  He then walks to my location; handing me one, “By all means speak you mind.”

“Captain”, I state as I hand him the old shipyard picture.  “I understand that you knew my father.  I have not been able to let this matter rest; I must know how you knew him.”

“It was many years ago”, he begins as he stares deep into the photo.  “I was working for The United Space Exploration Program in the development of Ion drive.  They were moving on from the old solid fuel systems.  VIOSH Co. was the contractor handling the development.  I was the primary test pilot on this project, and I reported directly to your father.”  He pauses to smile and hands me back the photo, “His team was close to making a major breakthrough.”  He looks at me then asks. “Have you heard of the Sultana Project?”

“Yes, I have”, I reply.  “That was the disaster that claimed my father’s life.”

“Allow me to start at the beginning”, states the Captain.  “Shortly after the war I remained in the military, now serving in the United Venian Navy.  It was right around this time I married.  I realized that it may be time to move on; so I tried my best to settle into life outside of the service.  With my young wife’s blessing I joined the USEP”, he pauses taking a sip from his glass.  “I worked as an instructor and test pilot on special projects that required high levels of secrecy.  That was the project we both were involved with”, a somber look comes over his face.  “Most people do not know that I am one of the very few survivors of this disaster.  Your father is the reason that I am still alive today”, he lets the horror of his mind settle.  “When the reactor core began to melt down the alarm was raised.  People began to evacuate and it was too late for many.  Your father was the man who sealed me and his team out of the affected area.  I was the last sight he saw before he was devoured by the hell fire of radiation.  The team of twelve was saved by his act of bravery.  The disaster claimed the lives of 502 souls and for some reason, some stroke of luck; we twelve were spared.”  He raises his glass and says, “To your father, may he know that I will never forget what he has done for me.”

I take a sip from the glass and find it to be a very fine Scotch.  It is mellow with the aroma of smoky peat, “Captain, I have never heard of any survivors; all that was ever talked about was the loss of life.  This makes me happy to hear that my father has died with honor; saving the lives of others”, we sit quietly for a few moments sipping on the Scotch.

“After the brush with death that career was over”, he continues as he raises his hand to his brow and sighs.  “My wife, being of a privileged home purchased a star freighter for me, and that was the beginning of who I am today.  This was her attempt of keeping me sane and safe.  In many ways it has saved me and in some way, more than she could have imagined.”

“Sir”, I begin.  “I love this ship and I love the crew as family.”

“I am happy to hear this”, he states.  “Chief and the Lieutenant both have stated to me that you really pulled your weight in the Exo-suit the other night.  In fact they both claim that if it was not for your mastery of this tool, Doctor Taggerdt and Chief Sa’Bula would most like have perished within the Bonaventure.  What do you say to this?”

“I must say that they are much too kind”, I respond.  “They are letting their feelings for me, as their friend, cloud their judgment.”

“Ah, you are a modest man; that’s more of your father coming through.  That is why they said what they did”, the Captain take a sip from his glass.  “You have put your interests and safety aside; completing the task ahead of you.  You have toiled for hours in an atmo suit making repairs.”

“Sir, the others worked just as hard as I did”, I urge.

“Timothy has approached me”, informs the Captain.  “He has stated that he wishes to remain here on Maris.  He has chosen to settle down and to take a wife, but you already knew this.”

“Aye, Sir I did”, I reply.  “He asked me to keep it between ourselves until he could make a decision.”

“This is understandable”, states the Captain as he pauses, taking a sip from his glass.  “He has made his decision, and I wish him all the best of luck.  Love, Mr. Eldon, is a great gift, but I feel you also know this.”

I am a bit puzzled by this statement and begin to wonder does the Captain know of Shara and me.  We both take a sip from our glasses.  There is one thing in this dimly lit room that keeps drawling my eye to it.  The most unique orchid I have ever seen sitting on an ornate mantel of the fireplace.  Its radiance cuts through the amber glow of the lamps like a knife.

“Sir, I’m sorry to stray from the subject”, I gasp.  “But that orchid...It is striking in its beauty.”

“Aye, it is.  It was a gift from my dear wife”, he begins with a waiver of emotion in his voice.  “It’s all I have left of her.”

“I’m sorry Sir, I meant no harm”. I state sympathetically.

“It’s quite alright son”, he reminisces.  “You see it was a gift to me when I received my first civilian command.  She said to me, at least I would have something colorful and full of life with me in the lonely, blackness of The Abyss”, he paused lowering his head obviously filled with emotion, “We were making short runs in those days back and forth from Vena to Lunaris Alpha.  We were starting a family.  Angeline was expecting...I was to be a father.  Life sometimes does not make sense.  Sometimes life can be cruel”, he wiped a tear from his eye.  “She died in child birth.  They both did; my wife and my child gone in the blink of an eye.  Life turned upside down.”

“I’m sorry Captain”, I say apologetically.

“Thank you”, he stares at the orchid for a moment.  “That was nearly twelve years ago.  The point is that if it were not for Gumph and Myra I would have fallen into the pit of despair.  I would have self-destructed.”  He turns his attention back to me, “Have you heard how we come to have The Glory in our possession?”

“Jack mentioned that you found her abandoned, a ghost ship”, I begin.  “Myra confirmed this story as well.”

“That is the truth, she was a hollowed out shell of a ship; very strange in her construction”, states the Captain.  “Their where alloys used, that at the time were just being perfected for structural applications.  The only object that was found aboard her was this.”  He pulls two chains from beneath his collar.  The first is a set of his dog tags tethered to a heavy titanium chains, from the Captain’s Navy days.  The second is an ornate silver chain that supports a most unusual trinket of some type of crystal.  It is a lens shape disk about 5 centimeters across.  It gleams luminously, in the ambient light, like a fire opal.  “Look closely”, he instructs as he holds a light to it.  “Can you see it?  The symbols they illuminate like Apollo’s chariot, carrying the sun.”

“I can see them”, I reply.  “Captain, they are marvelous.  What are they?”

“This I do not know”, he replies with a tone of disappointment.  “I have searched on every world for an answer.  No one has ever seen this script before.  This was set in a console, on what we believed, to be her helm.  In fact there is a sketch of what The Glory looked like when we found her.”  He points to a large sketch upon his study wall, as he places this treasure back in his shirt.  He sits back in his chair, crosses his legs and drains his glass.  I rise to examine this rendering of The Glory as he continues, “This has given me the drive to press on.  Gumph and Myra may have picked me off of the floor after the loss of my family, but this has secretly pushed me forward.  If it were not for them, I would have never gained the interest to investigate this treasure.  Life has a way of shaping you into the person you are destined to be.  It doesn’t always make sense, especially at the time, but it all comes together in the end.”

“I think I understand what you’re saying, Captain”, I state as I try to take in the very alien looking craft that vaguely resembles The Glory I know.

“Eldon have you ever experienced déjà vu”, he asks.

“That’s strange you mention that Sir”, I begin as I rejoin the Captain at our seats.  “I have several times now.  It seems to be happening a lot ever since I have been aboard The Glory.”

“I am a follower of the belief that this phenomenon a message from beyond”, he informs with a glint of passion in his eye.  “I feel that this is the way your guardian angel, lets you know you are fulfilling your destiny”, he gleams at my look of interest.  “I’ll give you an example.  Have you ever heard the legend of King Arthur or of Attila the Hun?”

“Aye Sir, I have both men have stumbled upon great weapons; gifts from their gods”, I reply.  “These gifts, Excalibur and The Sword of Mars helped these men to achieve greatness.”

“Very good son”, applauds the Captain.  “That’s how I felt when we stumbled upon The Glory adrift in The Abyss.  When Gumph and I boarded her, I had the sensation of déjà vu.  That is how, I knew we were to have her, and use her for some purpose.  This was yet another validation I needed to continue after the loss of my family.  This is also why you are here now.”

“Captain”, I state with a somber tone.  “I too have had a death lead me to The Glory.  I also feel, in some strange way, that my destiny is also being fulfilled.”

“Eldon, I am glad we have had this opportunity to converse”, he smiles gleefully.  “I feel that we are, as they say, birds of a feather.”

“Captain”, informs Pete over the com link.  “We are back in port; permission to drop anchor.”

“Permission granted Pete.”  He brings his thoughts back to our conversation, “The heart of the matter, of our meeting, is that you have been recommended for promotion.  I am making you Assistant Engineer and Bow swain.  You have proven yourself time and time again.”  He rises and walks over to the cabinet against the wall and removes a decorative bottle, “Take this celebratory gift.”

“Thank you Captain”, I say as I take a bottle from his hand.  He eases back in his seat as I add, “I will make you proud of your decision.  I will not let you and the crew down.”

“You have earned it”, nods the Captain approvingly.  “It is the least I can do to attempt to thank the son of the man who has saved my life.  I had wished to do more after the incident but everything was so classified and no information would be released to me.”

“Thank you for this gift, Sir”, I say as I examine this beautiful bottle.  “I’m sure you would have done the same for him if the role was reversed.”

“It is The of Tears of Maris”, he begins with a look of gratitude in his eyes.  “It comes from a special case I received years ago.  It is of a very prized reserve”, he pauses.  “I welcome you to join me in future conversations.  I can tell we share many of the same beliefs.  This may be because we are countrymen of Vinland.”

“Thank you Sir”, I state with a smile.  “I would like that very much, and thank you for this very generous gift.”

“You are welcome, enjoy it”, he stands in front of me so I rise to meet him.  “Oh and Eldon, you should never keep a beautiful woman waiting any longer than absolutely necessary.”

“Sir, you know”, I blurt out in astonishment.

“Of course I do”, he lets out a hardy laugh.  “Not much happens on this ship without me knowing and beside this is the first time, in the five years I have know The Lieutenant, that she seems truly content.”

I stand there in shock as the Captain raises his hand to his brow in a salute, “Well go on, dismissed.”

“Thank you Captain”, as I return the salute.  “I won’t disappoint you.”

“You’re welcome”, he replies with and extended hand.  “I know I made the right decision.”

I shake his hand and quickly exit his cabin heading to the waiting skiff.  As much as I truly enjoyed the time with the Captain, all I could really think about was getting back to Shara.  I board the skiff and we scurry ashore.  We are in luck as the next trolley to Dum Nastrom, is just pulling up to the stop.  It has taken us just under two hours but it feels like a day since I have seen Shara last.


Boat Drinks & Hammocks


This island is quite a sight to see, and by the light of day even more majestic beauty is exposed.  The Island is covered with what appears to be cousins to the cypress, cedar, and eucalyptus trees of Vena only mammoth; in fact Pete informs me that the name Elyees is derived from a combination of the names of these trees.  The scent of eucalyptus and cedar mingles with a floral bouquet.  The floral fragrance appears to be wafting from the trees.  I had noticed this pleasant treat last night.  I ask Pete and he informs me that this fragrance is not from the trees themselves, but from this moss like organism hanging from the cypress limbs.  It is reminiscent of the mosses seen throughout the marsh regions of my nation; however this version is studded with tiny flowers of yellow and orange.

The entire island is covered with these tree varieties as well as a foreign type of trees called Areca.  The Areca grow tall with their slender, scale covered trunks swaying in the breeze as their foliage resembles long hair flowing in the wind. Some varieties even grow a large type of a nut covered in a very hard shell about the size of a human head.  Others produce clusters of soft, sticky pods with sweet flesh and very hard pits.  I am told that I will be able to sample these treats at the feast.

We arrive at the entrance to the village, and because the tide is out we continue to walk down the main thoroughfare towards its center.  This is an enchanted isle.  I just can’t get over the dwellings suspended high up in the colossal trees; with their enormous exposed root systems. The water at high tide must rise about three meters or more.  I ask Pete about the vast salt marshes that border the outlaying areas of the village buffering it from the cost.  I am curious as to what the people were working away at as we passed them on our way up river.  He tells me this is the main income of his and many other of the surrounding villages.

“Although in more recent years the younger generations have strayed from the agrarian lifestyle”, Pete informs.  “They have taken jobs in the city; working in the tourism industry.”

“What exactly grows in the salt marsh”, I inquire.

“Well these marshes provide two products”, he replies.  “The first is a grain that is a very important food staple to the culture of my people.  The second is really a byproduct of the harvesting of the grain, but none the less important; not just on Maris but all over the star system.  The marshes are flooded for the harvest, and the seawater is left behind.  It begins to evaporate and the mineral rich pink salt is left in its place.”

“Sea salt”, I gasp.

“Yes”, he informs.  “In recent years some of the most prized in the culinary industry.”

We reach the center of the village as Pete is approached by some of his kin.  I look of towards the calming stream that snakes along the edge of the village’s eastern edge.  I see Shara watching the little children playing and fishing off in the distance.  I walk over to her.  “Eldon”, says Shara with much excitement.  “I went exploring with Myra and Augustus while you and the men were out.  We found the greatest little strand of beach a few minutes’ walk northwest of here.  Would you care to join me on an excursion?”

“Absolutely, just give me a few minutes to drop my bag in the room”, I beam with anticipation.  “I’m going to change into some more suitable cloths.”

“Great I really think you will like this place”, she squeaks with excitement.  “I’ll wait for you here.”

I rush up to the walk way to gather shorts from my bag.  I also decide to bring the bottle the Captain has given me.  I figure who better than Shara to share this delectable drink with.  On my way back down to the ground level, I run into Pete and Chief.  Pete is holding two very large axe-like weapons.  One is slightly different; it features a spade like tip on its upper edge.

“Pete”, I ask.  “What in the three worlds are those menacing looking weapons?”

“Eldon, they are called Sekera”, he begins.  “They are very traditional tools that we actually build at the young age of sixteen as part of our rite of passage.  They are very similar to a Venian axe; however it can be held in two positions.  In combat we hold them with the long pointed portion of the blade running down the length of the forearm”, informs Pete.  “Come, brother Gumph and I are off with a few of my cousins to the nearby game reserve for a traditional hunt.”

“Uh well I...I already have something very important to attend”, I manage to say as I feel my face begin to turn red.

“Nonsense we are on vacation”, he dismissed with a great bellow.  “Besides we need some additional offering for the feast latter tonight.  I will give you a lesson on how to use the Sekera”, he adds.  “You did mention to me that you wanted to be immersed into my culture.  Did you not?”

“This is true Pete”, I stammer beginning to crack under the pressure.  “But this is a very important matter.  I really cannot reschedule.”

“Important matter”, asks Chief.  “Like what, Lad?”  Just then I can see him glance over to Shara’s direction.  He sees her with the most unusual look of giddiness on her face, patiently waiting for my return.  “Oh I see now”, adds Chief.  “Pete, he is going on a hunt!”

“What do you mean Gumph”, asks a puzzled Pete.  “A hunt you say, what type of hunt?”

“He is on a hunt for a mate”, replies Chief slyly.

“Oh, fell for one of these local beauties”, smirks Pete.  “What is her name, do I know her?”

“Well yes”, I answer.  “You know her.”

“Oh, we know her all right”, interjects Chief.  “You see Pete, he is going on a hunt, but he doesn’t realize he is the prey not the hunter.”

“Gumph, why are you speaking in riddles”, asks Pete.  “Eldon are you in some sort of trouble?”  Pete stares at my ever reddening face as Chief nudges him with his elbow.  Pete looks down at Chief to find him waving at my snowy beauty clad in swimwear and an airy covering typical of the local women.  “Oh, I understand now”, chuckles Pete.  “You like the dangerous ones!  Don’t you?”

“Remember Lad the Danae’ females are the more aggressive of their race.  They are very fierce worriers; especially Shara.  She is a former commando”, Chief states as he lets out a laugh with such a violent force he almost falling to the ground.

“What is so funny”, I demand.

“I mean no harm Lad”, replies Chief.  “It’s that we are not use to the Lieutenant being so joyful.  It’s almost as if you have turned her into a giggling school girl.”

“Yes, this is an unexpected treat, much deserved by both of you.  Happy hunting, Eldon”, Pete manages out in-between the bursts of laughter.  “Or should I say enjoy being hunted!”

“Go on Lad, enjoy”, adds Chief.  “I wish the best o’ luck to you both.”

“Thank you”, I say.  “And good luck to you with your hunt.”

“Oh yes, and Eldon sometimes if fun being the prey”, smirks Pete as I turn and rush off to join my waiting beauty.

“There are some things that I have discovered are the same no matter what planet you call home”, Shara states.  “That is boys will be boys.  They always seem to enjoy giving each other grief.”

“This, I am finding to be true”, I reply.  “So where is this secret place you have found?”

“It is just a few minutes’ walk from here”, she says as she takes my hand.  “It is so beautiful.  I just knew that I must share this with you.”  She turns her head over her shoulder to find Pete and Chief still staring off in our direction.  Shara raises her freehand to her plump lips and blow them a kiss in a taunting manner; then lets out a laugh that could be mistaken as a battle cry as we begin our walk.  I begin to believe their warning for a second after hearing this laugh.

This is an amazing day; first I wake up next to Shara.  Then I get promoted, and now I am going on a date with my love.  This sure is a complete change from two days ago.  She is so striking in her innocent beauty.  Her long raven hair is pulled back in to a large braid accompanied by smaller ones adorned with tiny trinkets commonly worn by the local woman.  We walk up the main thoroughfare and out past entrance of the village.  We head to the west through a wonderful wooded areas; breathing in the sweet fragrance of the trees and those tinny moss flowers that I have learned are called Meckmaca.  The cool sand feels good, it lightly cushions every step; very soothing under bare foot.  To me that is how you know you are really on vacation.  There is no need for shoes, or to keep track of time!

The woods open up giving way to a vast marsh filled with workers busily tending the crops.  The air here is briny; reminding me of the shore I would frequent in my youth.  It is true that all oceans smell similar; however some have a crispness too them and others a bit of a murkiness.  Not in a negative sense; just a thick heavy saltiness.  These are the ones that remind me most of home.  A short climb over a dune and there it lay, picturesque, a pink sandy stretch of beach that surrounds a lagoon of jade green.

“This is it Eldon” she beams with joy.  “This is my surprise for you.”

“I...I am just completely amazed at how spectacular this is”, I gasp.

“I am told that this is the place where we are to have the feast”, she begins.  “I wanted to share this moment alone with you.  I know how it made me feel when I first laid my eyes upon it.”

“Come let us celebrate”, I pull the bottle from my satchel.  “This is a gift from the Captain.”

“So you spoke with him”, she states.

“I did”, I reply.  “And he is pleased with us.”

“Well, we are a good group of people”, she smile as she brushes a lock of windblown hair from her face.

“No my dear”, I reassure.  “He is pleased with us.”

“He knows?  How?  Did you tell him”, she demands in a shocked tone.

“Not with words”, I smile recalling what he said to me.  “He said he knew something was up; because of you.”

“Because of me”, she asks in a defensive tone.  “Please explain these words.”

“He said, that in the five years he has known you, he has never seen you so happy”, I pause and look her in the eyes.  “Do I make you happy?”

“Eldon, I have done many things in my life”, she begins.  “I know we are close in age numerically but I am nearly twice your age chronologically.  I have been a student, a decorated member of Si’Ret MaeTkel, and a first mate on a star freighter.  I have seen just about every world in this system, but I can honestly say that I have never been as happy as I am, standing here, with you.”

“Who would ever have thought that we would be standing here together”, I recall the Captain’s words about destiny.  “Sometimes, I feel that fate is pushing and pulling me to get to where I am supposed to be.  If some great sage would have told me that I would to be standing here, now, with you.  I would have laughed in their face and called them a lunatic.”

“I too feel like my ancestors are helping to guide my path”, she states as she takes my hand.  “The coincidence of us meeting was quite a gamble.”  She smiles warmly at me then gives me a kiss.  I pour us a drink and we toast one another.  She begins to tell me how we almost did not meet.  “We already had a crew member, at the time we were set to dock at Lunaris Alpha.  He went by Jib and was a very strange man.  He was not very social, or polite to anyone.  Now I understand that some people just want a job of this, but when you’re on an independent vessel; such as The Glory, you become a family.”

“What happened to Jib”, I ask.

“He was becoming increasingly irritable over the four months he was with us”, she reminisces with a scowl.  “We, as a crew, could only take so much rudeness.  The Captain gave him an ultimatum.  Remove the wooden dowel from up his back side, or remove himself from the ship.”

“I guess he chose to remove himself”, I chuckle.

“Well no so easily”, she continues.  “His response was studded with very colorful profanities.  He became more belligerent towards the crew, and fell deeper into isolation.  The Captain stated that we were stopping off at Halifax station.  It is just a few thousand kilometers off the orbit of the tiny, planet SPR-4.  The Captain told Jib that the cargo was not the only thing being off loaded.”

“WOW!  Just like that”, I gasp.  “I could see how that could affect morale.  We had a worker like that on the dock.  The whole crew threatened to walk off the job if he was still on the clock when we resumed from lunch break.”

“We were also delayed two hours longer waiting on Jack at Lunaris Station”, she states.  “You would have defiantly missed us if it was not for Jack.”

“I’ll have to thank him the next time we see him”, I reply.  “It defiantly would appear that the gods, luck, or whatever name you want to give it, wanted us to meet.”

We sit there relaxing on a large hammock strung between two Areca trees on the edge of the beach.  We peacefully sway in the breeze, sipping on the Tears of Maris, falling deeper and deeper for each other.  It’s funny, the more we learn about each other, the more we both know that this is true love.  “Your name is so exotically beautiful; it suits you well”, I say with conviction.  “Do the names of your planet have meanings?”

“Thank you Eldon.”  She blushes then informs, “I share it with a little wild flower of the Calluna spices.  It covers the hilly surrounding of my home city, Araphii.  Does your people’s names have such meanings as well?”

“Yes, they do.”  Lost in thought for a moment I continue, “My name comes from a scenic hill overlooking my home city.  This is where my parents had their first date; a little overlook called Eldon Point.”

“That is sweet”, she states.  “I suppose, I should ask Pete what his people call this place, just in case.”

I look at her a bit shocked and realize that she is only teasing me...I think.  Just then, we begin to notice that Pete’s kin are starting to bring item to the lagoon area for the feast.  We decide to walk back to the village and get ready for tonight.  Suddenly I recall something Pete said about a treat of natural beauty.  I guess we will have to wait and see.  We arrive at the village to be met by a returning hunting party.  It appears the hunt went well.  They present about two dozen pieces of small game and foul; as well as, several bushels of foraged, forest bounty.

“Glad to see your still in one piece Lad”, shouts Chief.

“He is Gumph”, replies Shara with a chuckle.  “It would appear I have taken it easy on him, for the time being.  Are you familiar with the large felines of my world, the BaGan?  They like to toy with their prey before the kill.”

“What”, I interject with a laugh.

“Well, don’t kill him just yet!  We have gotten used to having Eldon around”, laughs Pete.  “We are going to clean up quickly and then, would you mind helping us get the harvest to the beach?”

“Sure thing Pete”, I reply.  “Oh, and what was this about a surprise later tonight.”

“Oh yes that’s correct”, recalls Pete.  “Don’t drink too much with dinner.  We will be going on a little swim.  You will have plenty of time to party afterwards.”

We meet back on the ground in about fifteen minutes time.  We find that the Captain and Augustus; as well as, Myra and Dr. Taggerdt have assembled to help us.  I am not accustomed to seeing the Captain in such casual dress.  “Good evening”, wishes the Captain.  “How is everyone getting along with their rest?”

“Quite well, Captain”, replies Shara with a grin.

“Oh Doctor, how is your arm mending”, I ask.

“It is coming along nicely”, she replies.  “I’m just grateful, that I get to recover in such a paradise.”

“This is true”, adds Shara.  “This is much nice than a military medical station floating about in orbit.”

“Come lets us be off”, booms Pete as he descends to the ground level.  “For the tide is beginning to rise”, he pauses picking up a bushel of fruit.  “I hope everyone is well rested; these parties tend to go until sun rise.”

“So”, states Chief in a very pleased manner.  “Your people party like we Dwarves do.”

I look at Pete to see his reaction.  He simply shakes his head and laughs.  We gather up all the provisions and head to the site where we are to dine.  Pete informs us that this stretch of beach is private; although his people are not very big on ownership of land.  This has been set aside for the local inhabitance and is off limits to anyone who is not a resident or a guest of Dum Nastrom.  This allows the locals to enjoy their daily life unaltered.

“Doctor”, inquires Shara.  “Have you seen your shipmate since we have come ashore?”

“Come to think of it no, I have not”, replies the Doctor.

“There is something very peculiar about that man”, states Shara.  “Although we are kinsmen; he is an odd character.”

“I only know him from our projects aboard the Bonaventure”, replies the Doctor.  “But he does seem odd.  I have worked with all the different races on other projects, and I can’t contribute his behavior as a cultural difference.  It is more than that; almost as if he is hiding something.  I don’t trust him.”

“Well the USSG Investigation team will be here in a day or so”, informs the Captain.  “He is their charge and his whereabouts are between the two of them.  Let us not let anything bring down this joyous occasion.”


The Tide Ebbs with Tears


We arrive to find what must be the entire village, gathered together preparing food.  Several giant bonfires have been lit as the sun begins to sink in the horizon.  There are many strange looking fruits being crushed into pulps and mixed with alcohol.  This mixture is then poured into the cavity of the large Areca nut.  The children play on the edge of the lagoon.  Some build castles in the sand and others dig holes of great dept.  We bring the provisions over to the main brazier.  There we exchange the offerings for these fruit beverages.  The aromas in the air bring me back to the boardwalk of my local shore.  The scents all mingle into a homogenous breeze of summers past; the smoke, the roasting meats and vegetables; the laughter, the music, and the sound of the ocean.  This is a welcoming experience.  If I were to close my eyes, I could be at home on a typical Saturday night in summer.

This is the first time any of us have seen Timothy since he was given leave by the Captain.  He looks well and the two of them seem to be in perfect joy.  “Timothy”, I shout with a wave.  “How have you been brother?”

“Eldon, Lieutenant”, he shouts back as he and Galyia walk to meet us.  “What is all this...you two are holding hands?”

“Yes, well we are together”, answers Shara.  “And there is no more need for formalities.  If I understand correctly you have resigned.”

“That is correct”, replies Timothy.

He raises Galyia’s hand, in his, and exposes the rings of the betrothed.  This is not the Aqualonian custom, but one of Vena.  Galyia turns her head to the right to show off the beautiful flowers woven into her hair.  This is the traditional sign, on Maris, of a woman’s heart being taken.  “We are to be joined in our soles”, beams Galyia.

“Congratulations”, I cheer.

“Yes, congratulations to you both”, wishes Shara

“I have been granted approval by the village council”, adds Timothy.  “I will be working on a small fishing boat.”

“Let us celebrate”, adds the Captain as he joins the group.  “There is much cause for joy, on this night.”

The feast is under way.  There are so many different types of food all uniquely delicious.  In a giant clay pan there is Areca oil browning some small pieces of game.  It has been seasoned with fresh aromatic herbs and a good pinch of this fames salt.  Next the small staple grain is added to the mixture as well as some vegetables and a handful of mollusks; then it is covered to finish cooking.  I cannot wait to have a healthy helping of this hearty looking dish.  The sun has long since sunk in the horizon.  We are informed that the time for our surprise is nearly upon us.

“These are Oddevch Voda, it means breath from water”, informs Pete as he passes out a small personal breathing device slightly larger than our communicators in size.  “They will aid you in the dive.”

“Dive”, inquires Chief.  “We Dwarves are not known for our swimming skills.”

“You will be fine, we Aqualons are famed for ours”, he turns his attention to the whole crowd.  “This is the only way to witness the splendor”, informs Pete as he looks out to sea taking note of the moons glowing in the heavens.  “The time is right we must be going, or we will miss out.”

We prepare for the swim; as we head to the edge of the lagoon.  Three Aqualons accompany us, armed with trident like harpoons; I assume for protection.  The lagoon has now become one with the ocean due to the tide being in.  The water is still quite warm and soothing; we swim out about one hundred meters when Pete informs us we must dive down.  The Dwarves have a bit of trouble keeping speed, but Pete and his kin help them with no difficulty.

We are instructed to stop several meters below the surface.  Then, as if they were commanded to do so, thousands of Maris’ Medusozoa emerge from the depts.  They begin to glow and phosphoresce.  This reminds me of when Uncle took me to the aquarium as a child.  They remind me of the Jellyfish on display; however this is far more amazing.  I can only imagine that this is what the angels, on the edge of the universe, would look like.  Floating about ethereally as they come out of the black of The Abyss and emit there luminous halo then go about their divine business.

We float completely isolated from all sensation but sight and the feel of the warm sea water; captivated by this display of natural wonder.  As sudden as it began it too comes to an end; all has returned to normal.  We are left in the almost complete blackness except for the dim glow of the gems imbedded in the hilt of each trident.  The signal is given to begin to surface.

“This, my friends, is what I wanted to show you”, elates Pete.  “This is one of the wonders from my youth that I have missed the most.”

“By the gods”, gasps the Captain.  “I have seen many things in my life, but that was one of the most hauntingly, beautiful, spectacles I have ever witnessed.”

We take our time swimming back in to shore.  We relax and let the breakers do most of the work pushing us in to land.  The Aqualons off in the distance are dancing and having a good time.  The sound of their music and laughter carries out to our location on the water.  We are ashore soon enough joining in on the festivities.  The party goes on late into the night.  I would say it must be around 03:00 hours when things start to quiet down.  Shara and I have laid out some blankets, and nestle together not far from one of the bon fires.  We must have drifted off to sleep in each other’s arms.

We awake to the sound of Captain Scholoff giving the alarm.  It’s an alert from the local defiance he has received over his radio.  What could possibly be happening?  The sun won’t be up for at least another thirty minutes.  There is mass confusion on the beach.

“People there is a rouge aircraft in rout to our position”, He informs.  “Please everyone off of the beach.”

Just then the rogue vessel buzzes over the beach at a very low altitude.  We begin to head to the trees for cover.  The Osprey circles around and heads back for a second pass.  This time it begins to fire upon us.  Some of the men, still having their hunting rifles with them, begin to return fire on the vessel; in hopes of drawing the attention from the fleeing victims.  Galyia and Zujanna are pinned down as the vessel speeds in for the kill.  Timothy rushes to their aid.  He reaches them just as the vessel passes over.  Pete lets out a great roar and rushes to the location fearing the worst.  When he arrives there is blood everywhere.  He scrambles franticly as he tries to find out who is injured.

“Tim”, Pete cries out.  “He is hit, we need help!”

The men concentrate their fire upon the vessel as it begins to make another pass.  Shara rushes over to Timothy to see what she can do.  I follow closely by her.  Thankfully the air support arrives and sends a missile to the rear stabilizers of the Osprey; sending it scratching downward in flames.

We reach Timothy, but it is too late.  He lie dead spattered in blood clung fast to the bosom of a hysterical Galyia.  He has given the ultimate expression of love.  He has given his life for these women; his family.  With an explosion of sand the vessel crashes into the beach.  Something snaps inside of Pete.  He grabs one of the tridents lying in the sand nearby.  He charges, with all the furry of all the great seas rushing in his veins, towards the Osprey; still plowing through the sand.

Pete chips away at the crack in the canopy trying to expose the cockpit.  His persistence is rewarded.  The canopy shatters and is furiously peeled away like the shell of a hard cooked egg.  Like a vision of King Neptune made flesh, he lunges the trident through the opening and into the pilot; pulling him from the seat raising the assassin into the air.  The fiend flops about like a harpooned fish.  Shara and I are now by Pete’s side as the crew scrambles to our location.

“Sa’Bula”, shouts Pete with disbelief.  “Why!”

He begins to speak as blood spews and streams from his mouth.  “You and your friend have brought this on yourselves.  You should have stayed out of our business and left the Bonaventure to its fate.”

“Yolec eksini onorle bir ulom”, roars Shara in her native tongue as Pete lets Sa’Bula slam to the ground.

“Acha muhan icin nudan olabulii”, replies Sa’Bula as he gasps in pain.

“Bir egi iet, Siz seffari kadum daha kuto olumi”, curses Shara through clenched teeth and then spits on him.

“Pete”, orders the Captain slightly winded.  “This attack was upon your home.  This falls under the jurisdiction of your laws”, he places his hand on Pete’s arm.  “We first need to gather what information we can.  Then your justice may be served to him as is fitting.”

“Sa’Bula if you wish for justice to be swift; I would advise giving what information you know”, instructs the Captain.  “The Aqualonian law allows for a less painful death if part of this crime is repaid.”

“Captain”, instructs Michloh.  “You will get the information that you need.  I, no, the Stazule will deliver these answers to you.”

I lean that the Stazule is a type of parasite that enjoys drawling the blood from its host.  I also learn that it secretes a chemical that produces a strange effect.  The chemical causes its host to experience, an almost, euphoric sensation.  This causes one to give in to the moment.  In nature this allows the Stazule to feed unnoticed and without resistance.  This has been adapted for other uses; such as aiding in the extraction of the truth.

“Michloh”, adds the Captain.  “Let us tend to this immediately.  The USSG Tribunal will want to conduct an inquest.  I advise we handle this situation so your people may receive the justice they deserve, instead of allowing this scum to rot in a brig.”

I wondered why Shara was so disgraced by Sa’Bula.  Her hatred for him spans far beyond his crimes.  “Shara”, I ask.  “What did you say to Sa’Bula?”

“I cursed him to a fate worse than death”, she informs.

“We all harbor anger towards him”, I pause to find the right words.  “Your anger seems to be tenfold.”

“We Danae’Talun hold a great honor as warriors even amongst the males”, she sneers distorting her countenance with rage, “What he has done breaks every code we live by.  He called himself a martyr for some cause.”

“Forgive me”, I beg.  “I was only curious.”

“Eldon, I know you only ask because you feel for me.”  She collects herself a bit then says, “We still have a lot to learn of each other’s cultures.”  She looks me in the eyes and smiles, “This has shaken me.  I have to let you hear what I think you already know in your heart...I Love you.”

“I Love you as well”, I say as the feeling of a great weight is lifted from me.  “I have from afar for a long time.”

“Come my love”, she gasps.  “Let us seek our justice for our fallen brother.”

The women of the village tend to the wounded and try to settle the children.  The traditional burial preparations begin on Timothy’s body.  Galyia is draped in the black shroud of mourning.  The tribal council assembles in a large structure high up in the cypresses.  Sa’Bula is brought in bound and his wounds are bandaged.  It’s seems that they do not want him to die before his time.  He is brought forth to the center of the room.  There is a large wooden stock placed between his arms and back.  His wrists are bond to his waist.  One of the council presents a thick rope with a heavy hook tethered to the end of it.  This is attached to the yoke by hooking it through its shank.  Sa’Bula is hoisted up several meters bringing him to the eye level of the Aqualons.

“Bring forth the Stazule”, orders Michloh.  “Let it be shown to the accused”, It is displayed to Sa’Bula as the question is put forth by Michloh.  “Will you supply the answers of you own free will, or must we take them from you?”

“You and your kin will pay for this”, Sa’Bula mutters as he writhes trying to steady his breathing.

“So it shall be”, with a gesture of Michloh hand the beast it applied to Sa’Bula’s upper back.  He screams in pain and shakes violently as the Stazule’s syringe like teeth puncture his pale flesh.

“Is this normal”, asks the Captain.

“We have never used the Stazule upon his race”, informs Michloh, and in a matter of a minute he has calmed down to an almost trance like state.  “Captain Frost”, instructs Michloh.  “You may begin your inquest.”

“Thank you”, he replies as he walks in front of Sa’Bula.  “What did you mean when you said we should have stayed out of your business?”

“Why should I help you Captain”, gnashes Sa’Bula.

“Because as a reward for your cooperation,” begins the Captain.  “I promise I will aid you in your freedom.”

“Why would you do that for me”, asked a confused Sa’Bula.  “Why should I trust you Captain?”

“Because you will do as I ask”, says the Captain observing the effect of the Stazule upon Sa’Bula.  “What is you mission?”

“You and your crew will burn for your interference”, curses Sa’Bula.

“You are in no position to make threats”, snaps the Captain.  “Now, I will ask you one more time.  What is you mission?”

Now the effects of the Stazule cannot be fought off any longer.  “Captain, you want to know what my mission is”, he begins as his head nods about.  “I am an emissary, sent to gather information.  I was to learn all that I could on the experimental drive system of Bonaventure.”

“Sent by whom”, demands the Captain.

“My Liege, the revered and exulted, Golgotha”, he replies with pride.

“Ha!  Revered...Exulted?  I believe the proper words are vile and dejected”, spits the Captain with great disdain.  “Tell me Sa’Bula, what was the mission after the Bonaventure was boarded?”

“The plan was to remove the engines and bring them aboard the Leviathan”, begins Sa’Bula.  “The distress signal went out and the plan was detoured.  We were to use the Bonaventure as bait to any ship coming to her aid.”

“So you meant to deceive the rescuing vessel”, The Captain pauses holding back his anger.  “So you were left behind to continue your deceitful work; just in case the USSG arrived and to make a more convincing story?”

“That is correct Captain”, Sa’Bula eyes roll back in his head as if he were experiencing great pleasure.  “And now, I suppose, your mission is to lead them to the missing parts.”

“Captain”, informs Michloh.  “We must remove the Stazule or it will feed too much on such a slender frame.  The effects will last for a few minutes longer.”  The Stazule is removed and placed back into its cage.  Sa’Bula is very weak from the earlier injuries and now from the feeding of the giant leach creature.  He is slipping in and out of consciousness.

“Has Golgotha been informed of our location”, the Captain continues with his inquiry.

“I sent a message out but do not know if the strength of the frequency will reach the Leviathan”, he informs.  “They were moving further from our location the last time we spoke.”

“What was the message you sent”, demands the Captain.

“I informed them of the pending investigation”, Sa’Bula still showing the effects of the Stazule to be have a grasp upon him.  “I warned them of a heavy military presence.  They are too badly damaged to attempt an assault.”

“So why did you attempt to murder us”, shouts the Captain.

“It is my duty to destroy all enemies of the cause”, he replies.

“I have one last question for you”, informs the Captain.  “It is for the sake of the Aqualons.  Is the story about Kolos Kludge true?”

“Yes”, mutters Sa’Bula with fleeting consciousness.  With this the council becomes uneasy they begin to mumble amongst themselves and wave sacred items over one another as some sort of a blessing to ward of ill thoughts of this demon.

“We want to learn more of this demon”, adds Michloh.

“Michloh”, addresses the Captain.  “The prisoner is yours for judgment.”

“Frost”, shouts Sa’Bula.  “You lying Bastard!  You promised you would have me freed.”

“I have not lied to you”, replies the Captain.  “I said I would aid you in your freedom, and I have done just that.  Your soul, is now, a bit cleaner and your consciences somewhat clearer”, the Captain turns his back to Sa’Bula and begins to exit the hall.  “You have taken the life of one of my family and assaulted innocent people.  You will find freedom in death!  The gods are the ones who will judge you.  We are just sending you on your way.”

“Frost”, shouts Sa’Bula as we exit.  “We are many!  You will not be able to stop all of us!”

The crew and I follow the Captain out of the council chamber.  Screams of pain echo throw the trees.  The startled birds flee their perches; adding to the horror, their own scratches of fear.  This is truly a blood curdling resonance.  The Captain is correct; Sa’Bula’s soul will be made clean with his blood and tears.  It doesn’t matter if the tears are from remorse or anguish.  Sa’Bula is left to play the hand dealt to him.  Sa’Bula has chosen this game and now must continue to play.  The stakes have been raised and time to go all in.  He finds himself with no chips left to bet.  Time to ante up with his life!


Requiem for a Friend


The gravity of what has happened becomes more apparent when we see Galyia.  She is draped in a long black cloak of mourning; hiding any glimpse of her beauty and shape.  Pete and Myra try their best to console her.  The Captain sends the brothers to gather all Timothy’s personal belongings to have them brought ashore for Galyia.  We are informed that the Mos Maiorum is to take place a half hour before sun set.  Mos Maiorum is what we would call this type of burial service back on Vena.  This name comes from my native tongue; translating to the common language as The Way of The Ancestors.  Timothy was accepted into the Aqualonian culture, and since that moment; has been seen as one of their own.  He will be sent off into eternity in accordance to Aqualonian tradition.

We try to rest up as best we can.  The time has come for us to begin to dress in our formal clothing.  The Captain is deck out in his finest coat and hat.  Myra and Chief are dress in their old uniforms from back in the company day; they have been adapted to bare the markings of The Glory.  Shara is in her dress uniform from her military days.  This too is adorned with the markings of The Glory in addition to those of her past affiliation.  Pete had downed the tradition sarong of his people, suited for such occasions.  The brothers and I are presented with a last minute gift from the Captain.  The one element that ties us together as a crew is the insignia of our ship.  The Captain has had four matching jackets dressed up for us.  I am proud of my jacket and it shows my new rank just above my name plate and sports a patch of engineering on the sleeve.  We are a crew, a close knit unit, and now we really look the part.  Unfortunately it is such a sorrowful event that is the catalyst for this parade.

We wait for the procession to begin.  The time is passed telling stories and reminiscing over our fallen brother.  Galyia is beside herself with grief.  It hardens my heart to think that for years they have been in love with each other, and now that they finally get the chance to be together their dream is dead.  The only positive element, I can draw from this, is that at least they had a chance to be together again.  Just imagine how it would have been if we landed on Maris without him or with his corpse.  That would have been an even more sorrowful event.  The call to assemble is signaled with the sounding of a great horn.

“Lieutenant”, orders the Captain.  “Please, have the crew assembled for inspection.”

“Aye Captain”, she replies.  “All right crew front and center for inspection.”  We line up as the Captain paces back and forth with Augustus in tow.  He waits for Shara to give the word of our readiness.

“Captain’, she shouts with a salute.  “The crew is ready.”

“Thank you Lieutenant”, he booms with a salute.  “Crew today we mourn the loose of one of our own.  He was a good sailor, a great man, and a loving brother”, The Captain pause obviously struck with emotion.  “We march to send him to eternity.  Lieutenant the command is yours.”

She steps out of the line up and exchanges a salute with the Captain.  Standing front and center of us she commands, “Right Face!”  We spin to the right in unison like a well oiled machine, “Forward march!”

We begin the march taking our place in the immense procession up the main thoroughfare.  We serpentine our way back out to the beach where the heinous crime has taken place.  The parade is lead by a band of minstrels.  Next is the cart, bearing Timothy’s body; this is pulled by draft animals.  The cart is followed by Galyia and her family.  Next is the assembly of village elders, and then us.  The whole village is behind us in the procession.

We reach the beach as Shara orders, “Company halt.”  We come to a stop, “Left face.”  We pivot to the left, “Parade rest.”  I look to the rest to follow their lead; as the Captain and the Lieutenant exchange salutes as well as command one more time.

She takes her place in the line with the rest of us.  The funeral cart circled around and brought past the parade line for a final fair well.  The cart is brought to a rest as the Shaman takes his place in front.
“Company”, orders Shara, “Right face!”  We pivot back to face the Shaman.  Most of the service is preformed in the native tongue.  The Captain is called up to speak before Timothy is placed in a small burial ship adorned with vibrant flowers.

“Timothy”, spoke the Captain.  “You have served aboard The Neptune’s Glory for four years.  In this time I have gotten to know you well.  You were not just a member of the crew, but a member of our family.  Timothy has carried himself with much honor; both in his works and in his actions”, he pauses pulling some fabric from a pocket inside his jacket.  “This is the flag of which you sailed under”, he drapes it over Timothy.  “Now you shall sail one last time under it, into the great abyss of eternity; this is where you shall find your peace.”  The Captain salutes the fallen as the ship is placed into the edge of the surf.  He is joined by Galyia, Pete, and their parents.

The Shaman booms with his final blessing to the departed.  “May your soul find peace on you final odyssey to the havens.  May you find the Isle of Rurikovo Gorodishche”, the skiff is pushed out into the surf.  “The Mother Sea and the Father Sky will carry you to the heavens”, spoke the Shaman.  “With the approval of the bereaved we will complete the tradition.”

Galyia removes her head covering letting the wind carry the veil out to sea.  “Prosum Zazehnich, pohrebno hreniche”, she utters with a tear.

The Captain draws his cutlass as Shara follows suit.  “Company, salute”, she commands.

We salute our fallen comrade as the waves carry him further out to sea.  A menacing storm rumbles out in the distance giving the sea an angry feel. It is as if all of Maris is morning the loss of life.  The Shaman calls upon the company of archers; they let fly a hail of flaming arrows towards Timothy’s vessel.  The vessel slowly becomes engulfed in flames; as lightning strikes illuminate the darkening sky.  The ship is pulled further and further out of our view.  Find peace my brother...Amen

Upon returning to the village we find an awaiting communication from USSG’s Investigation team.  “Crew”, begins the Captain.  “The message states that the investigation team is set to land in roughly twelve hours from now.”

“Where are we to meet them”, asks Shara.

“The communication includes coordinates”, replies the Captain.  “I will need you all back for duty at first light for a potential tribunal.  Once we arrive the investigation team will dock with us, and then we will be boarded by the lead Investigator.”  He looks at us and pauses as thunder cracks then continues, “Crew we must be ready to answer any and all questions we are asked.  We will be sworn under oath and will be advised against perjury.  We are non military, but if found guilty of such a crime; the consequences could lead to a trial in a civil court of law.”

“We understand the consequences, Captain”, informs Shara.

“Very well”, he states just as the wind picks up and ushers in the rain.  “Now lets us pay our respects to out dear Timothy’s memory.”


A Shifting Tide


Morning comes too quickly as we assemble to catch the trolley back to the harbor.  The morning is filled with beauty and there is evidence of last night’s storm; large puddles and fallen limbs on the road side, but no major damage.  The ride is quiet due to some of us being hung over from Timothy’s memorial.  Once in harbor we take the skiff back to The Glory; we prepare to get under way.  The order is given to weigh anchor as we head out into open waters.  Our heading is due south at a full speed of forty knots.  I am a little nervous; I have never been under such serious scrutiny before.

“Sir”, informs Pete.  “We are being hailed.”

“Put it through to the main screen”, orders the Captain.

“ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory, this is Lieutenant Commander Javier Castillo of the USSIID F.J. Cisneros JD-1096.  Do you read?

“This is Captain J.E. Frost of the ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory.  We read you loud and clear Lieutenant Commander.”

“Captain Frost”, begins Castillo.  “You are to head to these new coordinate I am uploading to you now, and wait for our arrival; is this understood?”

“Lt. Commander”, replies the Captain.  “We understand, and will be there in approximately fifteen minutes.”

“Very well Captain”, he responds in a stern tone.  “We shall see you there.”

“Pete”, orders the Captain.  “Set our heading to the Lt. Commanders coordinates.”

“The coordinates are set, Sir”, he replies.

We arrive at the location and assemble on the main deck in an orderly formation dressed once again in our best.  A few minutes pass as we see three vapor trails of vessels entering the atom of Maris.  The Cisneros and its escort of two heavy cruisers, approach us from the port bow, dropping anchor just next to us.  The Cisneros is a menacing vessel.  It is a frigate as black as The Abyss; with the exception of the forecastle, the bridge, and the branch crest, these are blood red.  Its crest is a silhouette of a wreath of laurels flanked by wings; in the center the scale of justice hangs in the balance.  The scales support two skulls, signifying a fair trial by your peers.  This can be summed up as the mobility of the justice this department offers; as well as the levelness of the truth, and lastly the fragility of the lives involved.

The gang plank is extended to our deck as the brothers are ordered to secure it.  Shara walks over to the plank to greet the boarding party.  “I am Lieutenant Commander Castillo of IID”, he begins.  “This is Inspector J. Adrian Molay of The Inter Planetary Criminal Taskforce; Permission to come aboard.”

“I am Lieutenant Ti’Shetal of the ISFI-1313 Neptune’s Glory”, she proudly informs.  “Permission to board us is granted.  Please follow me, the Captain is waiting.”

Shara leads the men around to our location just in front of The Hammer of the Gods.  There is a brief introduction to us followed by the verification of our identities.  We are brought back inside and asked to wait in the bridge while the investigators accompany the Captain and the Lieutenant in his quarters.

“I hate these types of thing”, grumbles Chief as he wrestles with the collar of his uniform jacket.  “Two day in a row now, I have to wear this blasted jacket.  It’s been almost six years since I have had to wear this touchier device.”

“I would not use that word so freely around these inquisitor types”, chuckles Myra trying to lighten the mood.  “I’m surprised it still fits you so well.”

“Seeing you dress in that uniform reminds me of the first time we met”, Chief reminisces with a sly smile.  “You haven’t aged a day, Myra.”

“Why, Gumford Dunn!  You sly dog”, she says while blushing a bit.  “You sure do know how to sweet talk the ladies.”

The Elevator chimes signaling its arrival to the bridge.  We all get serious and prepare for the news.  The doors open to the bridge; Myra stands to attention and composes herself.  This is her office and she is the quartermaster.  “Attention on deck”, she commands.

We jump to our feet; standing at attention as the Captain, Shara and the investigators enter the room.  “At ease crew”, orders the Captain.  “Please take you seats.”

We sit at our places as instructed by the Captain.  Lieutenant Commander Castillo is a very intimidating looking Human male.  He is stern and very direct in his words.  If there was a contest in being able to get a point across by using the least amount of words; he would be the undisputed champion of the system.  He stares at you through dark glasses adding to the intimidation factor, and his face is emotionless; making it hard to get a fix on his age.  Then there is Inspector J. Adrian Molay of the IPCT.  This is a non-military government based bureau that is dedicated to hunting down criminals no matter where they hide.

Inspector Molay is an equally intimidating Human male.  He stands just less than two meters in height.  He has the hardened look of a man who has seen many horrible acts towards his fellow man.  He has a terrible scar perturbing from his left eye that is covered by a patch.  I would place him about the same age as the Captain.  He removes his elegant fedora exposing his balding head, clad with sparse patches of closely cropped hair.  He carefully places his hat on the table; then removes his jacket exposing his shoulder holster and a bronze badge wearing a heavy patina.

“I asked to be assigned to this case”, he growls.  “Like you, this act of terrorism has become somewhat personal.  The Captain of the Bonaventure is...no was an old friend.  The Lt. Commander has offered a proposition to your Captain.  I will now turn over the floor to him.”

“Thank you Inspector”, states the Captain.  “Crew we have arrived at a crossroads.  The USSG has offered us a privateer’s license.  The Lieutenant and I have agreed that this is an advisable route for us.  I have not yet made a decision.  I stated that we needed to speak as a crew.  We will have a day or so to think this over.”

“Captain”, instructs Castillo.  “Please inform your crew of all the details”, he pauses looking around the room.  “First the CSI team will need to be directed to the hyperbolic chamber housing Ensign Falzino.”

The CSI team is lead to the body so they may bring him back to their lab for further investigation.  Doctor Taggerdt has gone aboard the Cisneros for a thorough debriefing.  Inspector Molay remains as a guess of the Captain to discuss the possible future of The Glory.

“Balance is the key to all existence in this universe”, begins the Captain.  “This force effects the smallest of things to the largest.  We know what happens when a container is off balance in weight.”

“The lift-truck compensates to equalize and stabilize the load”, replies Angus.

“Correct”, commends the Captain.  “Balance is critical especially in nature, and more so within the body.  When one’s balance is off it becomes difficult to do even the simplest of tasks; such as standing still or focusing on a single object”, he pauses and looks around the room at all of us.  “Balance is critical to the planets and the moons that orbit them.  If their balance is off, these objects will spin out of control”, he pauses taking a long look out the open hatch.  “This star system has become unbalanced.  Its harmony is terribly off.  The illicit are starting to out weight the lawful.  The insignia of the IID reflect this philosophy of balance.  This system has been plagued by a cancer, and we have been infected by it.  We have the capability to become the great compensating tool.  This is a tool that will help restore balance to this system.  A tool, The Glory, in the hands of a skilled surgeon, this crew, can be very effective at removing any cancer; keeping it from spreading to the rest of the body.  We can keep this body healthy, alive, and in balance.”

“Captain”, responds Shara.  “You know that I agree completely with this plan.”

“I want you all to speak your minds on this matter”, states the Captain.  “Let it be known that whatever decision you make, will be respected by all.  You will not be thought of in any way; than an outstanding member of this crew.”

The Captain having spoken his mind; makes great sense of a troubling situation.  I can see on the faces of my shipmate that his words have rung true and touched all of our minds and souls.  “Captain”, booms Pete as he stands up.  “I want justice for the blood of our fallen brother.”

“Pete brings up an excellent point”, states the Captain.  “We have been targeted regardless of the path we choose.  Golgotha has entered into a vendetta with us.  He will keep sending his agents after us until The Glory is destroyed.  Those who choose to leave The Glory will be safe.  His reach is great but not infinite; he will be satisfied with the destruction of The Glory and even more so; my own death!”

“I’m not letting anyone else fly my baby”, spoke Myra.  “And besides who is gonna keep the big guy out of trouble.”

“Oh Hell, I have nothing else to do”, blurts out Chief.  “A ship can’t run without an engineer.”

“Now Eldon”, informs the Captain.  “I know you are not a fighting man.  Most of us have had a military past”, he pauses.  “I completely understand if you say no”, he says as he turns his attention to the brothers.  “I will arrange work for any of you men who choose differently.”

“Captain”, I begin.  “I have seen much death in the last month.  I am not a fighting man; however I will fight for my family”, I look over at Shara to see a surprised look on her face.  “This is the only family I really have left”, I pause looking her in the eyes.  “I would rather die a hundred deaths by your side then live long, knowing that I left the best thing in my life for a safe route.”

“Very commendable Mr. Eldon”, replies the Captain with a pleased grin.  “We still have a few days until I have to give a definite answer to the Admiralty.”

“Captain”, mumbled an uneasy Malcolm.  “We are just simple men, and sailing is all we know.  We will have to say nay to the offer of the USSG”

“Understood”, replies the Captain.  “I will make arrangements for you both to be assigned to a good vessel; with you approval of course.”

The brothers stand and say in unison, “Thank you Captain.”  Then Malcolm continues, “We will excuse ourselves and begin packing up our belongings.”

They salute the Captain; exit the bridge to go about gathering all their belongings and ready for reassignment.  Inspector Molay has been asked to stay in the bridge for our discussion.  We begin with the terms of our contract with the USSG

“Captain Frost has asked me to remain on board”, informs the Inspector.  “I will act as liaison to the governments of the system”, he pauses.  “I don’t want you think that I am just a pencil pushing desk jockey.  I have twenty-five years as a law enforcement officer in various organizations and ten years of service in my country’s military.”

“I can vogue for the Inspector”, interjects Shara.  “Most of you know that I was a member of the elite Si’Ret MaeTkel”, she notices a very surprised look on Inspector’s face.  “I, like others from all over the system, was chosen to take part in a joint organization known as the CTRT.  We would receive our orders directly from The United Senate of Helios Carminatus.  The CTRT, or Counter Terrorism Response Team, would handle all the dirty work of the unified governments.  I headed up CTRT 822 or call sign Dreadnaught.  The CTRT evolved into what is now the IPCT”

“Well, we were more military based in the early days”, replies the Inspector.

“It became too political for me and most of my team”, she replies.  “We were soldiers and not politicians.  That’s around the time I met the Captain.”

“That funny you should mention that Lieutenant”, adds the Captain.  “Do you think you can find any of your old team?”

“I have a few leads”, she replies.  “I’ll send a few messages out and see what happens.”

“Excellent”, grins the Captain.  “Now for the fate of our engines”, he looks at Chief and me.  “The good Doctor is to remain with us as an advisor to the engineering department.  The USSG will upgrading the thrusters with the new system, that Doctor Taggerdt has helped to perfect.  The two of you will be given a rare treat.  You will be granted permission to work alongside with their engineers; so learn what you can during the upgrade.”

“Captain”, interjects Pete.  “We have an incoming communication form the Cisneros.”

“Patch it through, Pete”, he orders.

“Captain, this is Lt. Commander Castillo.  Do you read?”

“I read you Commander”, he responds.  “What can I do for you?”

“I am sending my helmsmen over to your bridge”, he informs.  “Will you ready for them?”

“We will be by the time they get to the bridge”, he replies.

“Understood Captain”, he states.  “Be advised that they are in route.”

The Captain explains that we will board the Cisneros and be brought back to Elyees.  The Glory, on the other hand, will be brought to the dry dock on the small island of Sakama, to begin her overhaul.  The Captain begins inform us that we should bring any additional belongings with us that we may need in the upcoming weeks.  The helmsmen arrive, and with an enormous amount of convincing, the Captain finally reassures Myra that The Glory will be in good hands.  There is no need to worry, but Myra looks like a mother who has left her child with a stranger to watch over it.

We are restricted to a confined conference room aboard the Cisneros.  The Doctor rejoins us just as we settle in to continue our conversation.  We learn that The Glory will be undergoing a re-fitment of a shorter hull; about one hundred- fifty meters shorter.  This is to increase our maneuverability.  This will allow us amble space for caring troops and transports.  We also learn that she will be fit with a bow turret; as well as some additional weapon upgrades.

There is mention of a vessel called the Eldridge and a project spectrum.  I wonder if this is the same project that was tested on the USSG Eldridge some ten years ago.  It was a failed attempt at a cloaking device.  There are lots of crazy rumors that range from time travel to insane horrors.  There must be some truth to the rumors.  I can swear that The Leviathan was cloaked as we approached the Bonaventure.  Finding out any new information is impossible, and our questions are often answered with questions.  We appear to be on a need to know basis, and we will be finding things out with little notice.

“Captain if I may speak”, asks Doctor Taggerdt.  “You and this crew have become my friends over the last few days.  I have gotten to know all of you and have been given promotion to share all that I know as soon as the contract is signed.”

“Well with the exception of Malcolm and Angus, who are not present, we all seem to agree that this is our chosen route at the cross roads of our fate”, spoke the Captain.  “So if this is the path we are to take, let us not hesitate in the technicalities of it all.”

“Very well then Captain”, replies the Doctor.  “If you will please make you mark on the contract.”

The Captain signs his full legal name as we all follow suit.  I have gone from dockworker to deckhand; from alone to being completely surrounded by family; and from sailor to privateer.  Such is the next chapter in my life; I meant what I said, and Shara knows it.  I have found what most people search their whole lives for, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to lose her.  I’ll fight and die by her side, if needed.  When that moment comes, my dying breath will be her name.

“Now that everything is official”, begins Doctor Taggerdt.  “I will be more than happy to share all I know.  I have helped to perfect the next generation of Ion proportion.  We were in the final phases of our test when we had the misfortune of meeting The Leviathan.”

“That would explain the unusual construction we encountered when we were scavenging parts”, interjects Chief.  “The materials were so curious to me.”

“As they would be Chief”, she replies.  “They are top secret and highly experimental.  The data collected and down loaded to the Department of Scientific Research, at the beginning of the attack upon the Bonaventure, has been reviewed and I have been briefed on the necessary tweaks.  The thrusters that will be installed into The Glory already have these upgrades intergraded into their construction.”

“Well”, inquires the Captain.  “What are some of the benefits to these thrusters, other than the unusual materials used in their construction?”

“For starters, the speeds that are obtainable are nearly fifty percent greater than the ones currently in The Glory.  They are even far great than the ones that are currently available even amongst the fleet.  Imagine a vessel the size of The Glory with the speed and maneuverability of a heavy fighter”, begins the Doctor.  “Not to forget the fore mentioned materials of which they are constructed.  These materials are much lighter and stronger than the conventional alloys”, she pauses and the widest of grins curls up in the corners of her mouth, “We have made history.  We have achieved what all of my predecessors have only dreamt of.  We have made a jump through the gateway of time and space.”

We all stare at her in shock.  Could this be possible?  Could we have the ability to break free of our star system?  “Captain Frost”, interrupts a yeoman as he bursts into the conference room.  “I must inform you that the Mirth Murhum has entered Maris Atmo and should be docking in the harbor of Elyees shortly.  Our arrival is estimated for twenty minutes.”

“Thank You “, responds the Captain.  “Ah just in time for us to meet them there.”  The yeoman exits the room filled with the bewildered faces of my shipmates.

“Are you saying what I think you are saying, Doctor”, asks Chief.  “Can we really have cracked the code that physics has written?”

“Yes”, she replies.  “However this has not been completely perfected just yet.  You see, it is not suitable for living beings just yet.  The probe’s sensors state that it still poses some serious risks for living tissue...  But to answer your question, yes, we have rewritten the code.”

We learn how the Eldridge’s experiment, also known as Project Spectrum, uses the light spectrum run through a special crystal lens.  By polarizing the shields of the vessel, and bombarding it with the altered inferred spectrum.  Thus warping the visible light around an object; rendering it invisible to the naked eye as well as to all conventional sensors.  A similar process is achieved with the gamma spectrum.  These results are a bit more unstable for carbon based life.  This is what the big fuss is about.  This, once refined, would inject the altered rays into the propulsion system.  For a lack of a more scientific term, rip the fabric of space and time; allowing a vessel to open a gateway to travel anywhere it would desire.

This is extremely desirable to anyone looking to advance the boundaries of the known universe.  However to a greedy, self righteous, mad man, with a god complex; this would be devastating to any and all in his path.  This would give immeasurable power to any one, dictator with mal intent.  This is why Golgotha wants this so badly, and this is why we need to take on this mission.  We cannot let such a lunatic gain such power.

We pull into the harbor; dropping anchor.  We disembark to meet the brothers waiting on the sea wall.  They have already been introduced to some of the crew of the Mirth Murhum.  It’s a bit of a sight to see so many Dwarves assemble in this world of giants.  Chief is reunited with his cousin Alistair.  They exhibit some bizarre greeting to one another.  Not just bizarre to us because of their heritage.  This is just odd in general.  This is the type of secret greeting that only siblings and childhood friends understand.  This is just dismissed as plain craziness by all that witness the display.

The Captain walks over to greet Captain Bryson of the Mirth Murhum.  “Captain”, spoke Frost with a salute.  “Thank you for your aid in this matter.  I assure you that it will be a very profitable venture for you and your crew.”

“Ya her dat Lads”, she booms in a thick accent.  “We gunna mak uh killun un this load.  So whit ya say”, the crew of Dwarves erupt into a grate roar of approval.  “Well Captain”, she begins, “Me Crew is plenty plezed and so um I.  Oh and ya freend is safly on hez wey wit hez gret rig.”

He hands her a leather bound ledger containing a list of contacts.  “Thank you for getting Jack back to Lunaris Alpha.  I trust this to you and have one last favor to ask”, smirks the Captain.  “Do you have room for two more hard working, honest, Dwarves in you crew.”

“Aye, Suppose I do”, she replies with a smirk.  “Seein we ha na bizzy skoodule na.”

The Captain looks at the brothers and seeing the smiles on their faces he says, “Seeing how this meets the approval of all, let us toast this union”, spoke the Captain.  “Drinks are on me!”

Once again rowdy cheers erupt from the group showing great approval amongst the Dwarves.  Now I can begin to imagine what Pete must feel like around us all the time.  Needless to say the Dwarves are a hearty race.  They work as if there is no tomorrow and party twice a hard.  It is funny, even though I share the same planet as the Dwarves; there is still so much I don’t know about them.  We are regaled with many tails of Dwarven heroics.  Pete takes it upon himself to fuel this fire.  He tells the tale of our run in with the Leviathan.  He makes sure to really play up the part when Chief saves us all from our doom.

“Captain”, spoke Shara.  “I have received a response from one of my old comrades.”

“Well Lieutenant”, inquires the Captain.  “Are they interested in the job, and do they have any word on the others?”

“The message is from Duz and Juusto”, she informs.  “They are two former members of my team that have stuck together making a living as bounty hunters.  They are very interested and not far from us at all.”

“Excellent”, replies the Captain.  “Do they have any leads to the other members of your team?”

“It appears so”, she replies.  “Juusto says that he has forwarded my message to Ja’Hamot and I still haven’t heard back from Dylua”, informs Shara.  “Duz and Juusto are requesting a transport.  They are on the farthest moon of Maris, Turquill.  They will be ready in two days for pick up.”

“Tell them we will get them”, replies the Captain.  “We will borrow a transport from our new employers.  Myra and Pete will take you there for the pick up; while Mr. Eldon and Chief will join the Doctor in the dry dock.”

We further discuss our plan of attack.  The drinking goes on late into the night.  It must be about 02:00 hours when Captain Bryson informs her crew that they must depart.  They will take possession of their cargo patiently waiting them in the warehouse just up the river.  The crew graciously thanks Captain Frost for his hospitality.  The Brothers begin to give their farewells.  Pete seems to be hit the hardest by all of this.  He must feel like he has lost three brothers over the last few days.

“Well big guy”, spoke Malcolm.  “We will sure miss you.”

“So, The Lollypop Guild has called call her two roving sons home”, jokes Pete.

“Aha haha”, Angus burst out into laughter.  “That’s one thing you can count on us both missing.”

“What’s that”, asks Pete.

“Your ability to make us smile”, replies Malcolm.  “Be safe, all of you be safe.”  With these words they are off with their new shipmates.


Enter the Dreadnoughts


The next few day of relaxation have passed quickly.  It is now time for us to join the refitting of The Glory.  We arrive at the check point to the USSG’s installation on Sakama.  The Captain returns to our transport with Doctor Taggerdt and a pair of MP Officers.  They will escort us to our destination.  The Captain passes out our security badges to avoid any further delay in our mission.  The transport stops at a hanger where Shara, Myra, and Pete disembark.  Shara pulls me aside and in the shuffle of off loading equipment she sneaks me a kiss.

“I’ll see you in a few days”, she states.  “Have fun with Gumph.”

“You be safe”, I manage out with a lump in my throat.  “And hurry back.  I love you.”

“I love you too, Eldon”, she says with a sad look in her eyes.

With these words she is off into the hanger to carry out her mission.  I climb back into the transport and head to the research hanger.  The Captain is taken to meet with the Admiralty to further discuss the details of our mission.  We begin learning about the upgrades to The Glory.  Chief and I exit here with the Dr. Taggerdt.  We are to assist in the assembling of one of these new thrusters.

This is an enormous hanger buzzing with activity.  There are contractors, both military and civilian, working as sparks fall through the air like a rain of fire.  We are led into a locker room, very reminiscent of the air lock on The Glory.  I find out that this is a clean room where we are, for lack of a better term, vacuumed clean of dust and debris.  Next we are instructed to dress in clean suits with booties to cover us from head to toe.  Chief has to wear a mask to contain his facial hair just in case any strays attempt to fall free and contaminate the work area.

I can see now, why Dr Taggerdt, is a Doctor.  This work shop resembles an operating theater more than a factory.  I am a bit out of my league.  I guess I could have said the same thing about Shara as well.  I do my best to keep up with Chief and the Doctor.  They can tell that I am struggling a bit.

“Don’t worry Lad”, reassures Chief.  “You’re not expected to get every bit of information.  A lot of this is new to me as well, and I have been in engineering for over twenty years.”

“Chief is right”, adds the Doctor.  “Most of this technology is only a few years old.  Not to worry I will be accompanying you on The Glory just in case any issues arise.”

“Well that takes a lot of pressure off me.  I feel a lot better”, I reply.  “I still want to learn as much as possible.”

We observe for a few hours then break for a late lunch.  We are instructed that we will be able to assemble a thruster together when we finish our meal.  I am excited for this and very nervous at the same time.  I received a video message from Shara.  It will take nearly nineteen hours for them to reach Turquill.

We finish our shift in the assembly room as another shift is ushered in to relieve the exiting one.  We are brought to the barracks where we will be staying.  There is nothing better, after a long hard day of work, than a steamy shower; followed by a hot meal, and a cold beer.  The rumors are true.  These Navy guys really do eat very well.  My Uncle use to always joke about this.  He was in the Army and had a good friend that was in the Navy.  He use to say to me; if I were to go into the service choose the Navy.  I would ask him why, and his answer was always the same...the food is better, and you don’t have to march.  I would just laugh it off as something goofy, older people would say to young children; however I am finding that this is true.

The Captain, Inspector Molay and the Doctor join Chief and me in the lounge on base.  He informs us how Shara and the others are half way to their destination.  He also informs us that, Shara has received a message from another member of her former team.  Bringing the count to three confirmed, with one not yet having responded.  We are also informed that we will be able to see The Glory in dry dock, in another day.  This will be a strange sight for me.  The last time I saw The Glory outside of the water she was in bad shape.  We spent many hours getting her patched back up and prepped for entry into the atmo.

Morning arrives and news of the returning shuttle is received.  They are expected back in one day.  Her message says that the pickup has gone well and they will be leaving in an hour.  It relieves me to know that all has gone smoothly.  I have been shaken with the image of Timothy’s death and the state of devastation that Galyia has been left in.  We are now at war and the stakes are raised.  Unfortunately lives will be lost.

In moments like this, I find the best thing to help pass the time is hard work.  We are informed that we are actually building the secondary thrusters for The Glory today.  This is exciting to me; to know that I have really contributed to the restoration to my beloved home.  We decide to push hard and put in a full ten hour day.  We did it; we completed the pair of thrusters.  Now for a well earned shot and a beer with the Doctor and Chief.  She and Chief introduce me to a little drink that pays homage to our profession.  It is called a boiler maker.  They order up three lagers and three shots of whiskey.

“Here’s to a little fire in the boiler Lads”, wishes the Doctor as she drops the shot of whiskey into her beer.

We follow her lead and all raise our glasses as she toasts our project.  I decide to show these Dwarves an old Vinland treat called a Snake Bite.  I order a pitcher of pale ale, a pitcher of hard cider, and three mugs.  “OK”, I begin.  “Now, I’m the teacher.  This is an old Vinlandian tradition.  However in New Vandenberg we use IPA, instead of a lager.”

“My, you sure are thirsty”, teases the Doctor.

“Yah, Lad”, jokes Chief.  “Are you going to share that with us?”

“Are you making us a drink”, giggles the Doctor.  “Or conducting a chemistry experiment?”

We burst into laughter as I begin to mix the liquids; Half IPA then half cider.  “This is a snake bite”, I instruct.  “Enjoy!”

“My my, that is damn tasty, Lad”, exclaims Chief as he smacks his lips approvingly, “I bet a few pitchers of these, and your legs will give out; just as if you have been bitten by a nasty snake.”

We celebrate until nearly 22:00 hours.  Then the Doctor decides to call it quits for the evening.  She advises that we do the same; tomorrow will be busy.  We will be seeing The Glory for the first time in over a week.  She stands up to find the drinks name sake has struck.  She asks Chief to help her back to her quarters.  I have a strange feeling that I will have the barracks to myself tonight.

“Good night” I state, then under my breath say.  “See you both in the morning”, as they turn to head towards the Doctors cabin.

Morning arrives and my suspicions are true.  I join Chief for a cup of strong coffee.  “Morning Chief”, I greet.  “So, I hear your snake has bitten!”

“Easy, Lad”, he replies.  “I was a perfect gentleman, and Fiona is quite a Lady.”

“Fiona”, I say slyly.  “So you’re saying nothing happened!”

“No, I’m saying that I didn’t start any trouble”, Chief tugs at his beard nervously fumbling to find the words.  “I am saying a gentleman never refuses the wish of a Lady.”

“You sly dog”, I say with a grin ear to ear.

“Well, every dog has his day”, he chuckles.  “Mine was last night”, we erupt into laughter and ready for duty.

We assemble on runway 25 and can begin to see the vapor trail of the shuttle entering the atmo.  It will be good to see Shara again.  I know it is only a few days, but it feels longer.  The announcement comes over the loud speaker to ready for an incoming vessel.  It is impressive to see the bulky vessel glide in for a landing, and hover meters above the surface.  Sure I have seen larger vessels take off and land, but this is always on water.  It is a rare treat for me to whiteness this feat on dry land.  They glide to the designated area and touchdown with ease.  The engines are powered off as the cargo bay door opens to reveal my love accompanied by two very rugged looking men; a Human and an Aqualon.  Both men startle very impressive motorcycles.

With a noise, as sweet as thunder, reverberating on a hot summer’s night; the two men fire up the powerful engines and rip out of the cargo bay.  With a display of great skill and command the tear down the run way; looping around to come to rest just in front of where we stand.  The Human gives two quick cracks of the throttle and both machines’ engines are cut off.  The kick stands and lowered and both men dismount, removing their helmets.  Shara is now standing next to the men.

“Captain”, she states with a salute.  “May I introduce to you and the crew, Master Gunnery Sergeant Calrum Juusto; AKA Gunny, and Corporal Kylac Dustrov; AKA Duz.”

They stand next to their machines; holding their helmets cradled in their left arms. They Salute the Captain with great vigor.  These men act with all the discipline of valorous, veteran of war.  At first glance, they appear to be some sort of rock n roll biker gang.  The Human, who sometimes goes by Gunny, is a kind looking man with a tough streak.  His head is perfectly shaved clean.  He is well built and stands about two meters in height.  He wears a three day growth of stubble; whish accentuates a cleft in his chin.  He places his helmet on his bike and removes his sunglasses to reveal piercing blue eyes.  His gaze resembles that of a gunfighter from my planet’s frontier days.

The Aqualon, Duz, is typical height for his race.  He wears a thin skull cap covering his jet black hair; pulled back into a very long braid.  He has a broad, square jaw with a thick soul patch running from his lower lip, just past the curve of his chin.  This gives him the appearance of clenching his teeth even when he is not.  His gaze is equally intense.  His eyes are a sage green and opaque; which is common to his race.  I am taken by their appearance; do to the stark contrast of the whites and grey- green that support the deep black pupils.

A fork lift pulls a large pallet out from the cargo bay of the shuttle just as Myra and Pete join the rest of us.  The introductions are made; as Chief and I sneak behind the crowd to get a closer look at these impressive machines.

“Iron houses, Lad”, says Chief with a giant grin.  “I use to run one of these in my youth.”

“I always wanted one”, I say with amazement.

“It is very liberating”, he replies.  “The closest thing I can relate to actually flying.”

“One day, perhaps”, I ponder this idea.  “When all this is said and done we can build a few and go on a journey.”

“That’s a grand idea Lad”, he blurs out.  These machines are completely custom, especially Duz’s, do the immense size of it.

“Ok crew”, interjects the Captain.  “Let’s show our new men to their quarters and then get ready to report for duty.  We will be seeing The Glory today and each of us will be working in our respective fields, to learn of the upgrades being made.”

“Captain”, informs Shara.  “I have received a communication from Specialist Dylua Ti’Lumal.  She is currently working as an advisor to a government security force.  She states that she will be able to rendezvous with us here in four weeks time.”

“Excellent”, replies the Captain.  “Please keep me informed on any changes in the plan.”

“Aye, Captain”, she responds.

“Oh boy”, adds Juusto.  “You hear that Duz, it looks like the Kipu Krizirette will be dealing out punishment once again.”

“Oh Hell”, laughs Duz.  “I feel sorry for our enemies.”

“Kipu Krizirette”, I ask.  “What does that mean?”

“It is a little name that was given to the Lieutenant and Specialist Ti’Lumal”, answers Juusto.  “It translates roughly to the common as The Sisters of Death.  I think the two of them, together, can do more damage than a whole platoon of infantry.”

“Eldon”, interjects Shara.  “You shouldn’t believe every old war story.”

“Take my word”, replies Duz.  “In time you will see why they have been given this name.”

We are off to the dry dock where The Glory is being overhauled; crews have been working around the clock on her.  I still get goose bumps when I see her.  She is more than just a ship, she is our home.  It looks like the hull has been separated and refit with the shorter one which includes a bow turret.  We are given the names of the head technicians that will be working with each of us.  Chief and I are once again with the Doctor, but this time in the engineering department of The Glory.  I wonder if it will be awkward, for the two of them, after last night.  But to my surprise they are back at it with the greatest of professionalism.  One would never be able to tell that this has occurred unless you actually caught one of them performing the walk of shame the next morning.

“Good morning”, I state with a smirk.  “Has anyone suffered any ill effects from the snake bites?”

“No ill effects”, replies a blushing Dr. Taggerdt.  “When handled properly, I find them quite pleasant!  Besides, what happens on Maris stays on Maris!”

An image that will never leave my mind is that of Chief in the engine room.  He looks like a cartoon stick of dynamite.  With his red face and hair braid resembling a fuse.  Regardless, everyone deserves someone special; even if it is a temporary arrangement.  This is especially true when you are dealing with so many brushes with death.

Several weeks have passed and the overhaul is coming along nicely.  Shara has taken me along with Gunny and Duz to the firing range.  Gunny is always off on his own at a separate range designed for long rage weapons.  She says that I must become more proficient in weapons and she has even enrolled me into their training routine.  I suppose when entering into dangerous waters, such as we have, it is an advantage to learn from some of the best.

One afternoon, while working in Engineering with Chief and Dr. Taggerdt, I receive a call came from over my communicator.  It is the Captain asking me to report to the bridge.  “Go on Lad”, says Chief.  “We will keep plugging away at the main thrusters.”

I get to the bridge to find the Captain and Shara speaking with Inspector Molay and Juusto.  “Ah Mr. Eldon”, states the Captain.  “Please take a seat.  We have much to fill you in on.”

“Is everything all right”, I ask.

“I think we may have a lead”, replies the Captain.  “I will let the Inspector begin the briefing.”

“Thank you Captain”, starts Molay.  “I have received a communication from a former agent.  This agent is also a former comrade to the Lieutenant and the Sergeant.  His name is Chief Warrant Officer Hain Nodeve.”

The faces of Shara and Juusto are smudged with grimaces.  Without a word I can tell that there, was, and still is bad blood between this man and his former team mates.  This is the first time I have heard his name.  When Shara put the word out for help, his name was never brought up.  What could he have done to have his whole team turn on him?

“Nodeve may have been dishonorably discharge from his position with the IPCT”, informs Molay.  “But If I know him well enough, selling information is the one thing I can trust him with.  He contacted me with an offer of information on an active base for known associates of Golgotha.”

“I would rather experience decompression in The Abyss than entertain the thought of seeing Hain ever again”, adds Shara.  “However, in the best interest of this mission I will do what is necessary to obtain this information.”

“I’m glad to hear this Lieutenant”, states Molay.  “Part of his condition was he wanted you to accompany me for the exchange.  I do not know what has transpired between Nodeve and your team, but when I mentioned that I have met an old comrade of his, he seemed intrigued.”

“I’m sure he is”, she replies very sarcastically.

“Lieutenant”, commands the Captain.  “You will take Mr. Eldon and Gunny with you.”

“Sir”, I blurt out in a very shocked tone.  “May I have permission to speak freely?”

“Yes Mr. Eldon”, replies the Captain.  “Please speak your mind.”

“Would the Corporal not be more suited for this mission”, I ask.

“This is true Mr. Eldon”, begins the Captain.  “However no one must know that CTRT 822 is working together again”, he pauses looking at the Inspector as he nods reassuringly.  “The Inspector has already set up the transport.  You are to head to SPR-4 for the exchange.  Gather all that you will need for this mission.  The shuttle will be leaving in one hour, and please pack up all you belongings in the barracks so they may be brought aboard The Glory.  Is there any update on the arrival of Specialist Ti’Lumal?

“She is still on route as planned Sir”, replies Shara.

“Very good Lieutenant”, commends the Captain.

“Lieutenant”, adds Molay.  “Please have this team ready at hanger 12 in forty-five minutes.  We lift off in one hour.”

“Aye Inspector”, she replies.  “However, on a more positive note, Corporal Tukal Ja’Hamot had stated that he is currently on Zenum.  I will have him rendezvous with us at Odyssey’s End Outpost.  He should arrive about the same time as we do.”

We all stand up and face the Captain.  Shara and Juusto snap to attention and raise a salute.  I quickly fall in with them.  The Captain looks upon us proudly he raises his hand to his brow returning the salute.  “By the gods”, he said.  “Please, return to me safely”, he pauses to look upon us proudly.  “All right Lieutenant, get your men ready.”

“Right away, Sir”, she booms.  “You heard the Captain!  We lift off in one hour.  Now get moving.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, Juusto and I shout as we all turn to enter the lift and ready for our mission.

The elevator door closes and Shara Instructs me to show Juusto to the dorm.  She then instructed me to meet her in her cabin.  I do as instructed and head to Shara’s cabin.  I hit the buzzer and the door opens.  I enter but do not see her.  I can hear running water and assume she is showering up.  I take a seat in a modern looking, but very comfortable chair and wait for her.  This is a quite sizeable cabin filled with beautifully exotic furniture and an interesting, yet deadly collection of edged weapons.  She enters into the room draped in a towel as well as having one wrapped around her head.  I stand to meet her as she walks over to me she pulls the towel from her head letting her damp hair fall about her shoulders.  She stands in front of me and places her hands on my shoulders as I wrap my arms around her barely covered torso, and kiss her deeply.

“Eldon are you ready for this”, she asks.

“Ready for what”, I is reply a little confused.

A bit nervous at this question, I try to keep my mind in the right place, but find it so incredibly difficult when I’m holding my love nearly naked just a meter away from her bed.  Part of me wants to pick her up and toss her upon the bed and consummate our love.  The gentleman in me wants to wait.  It looks like the gentleman in me is winning, if I want him to or not.

“Are you ready for this mission”, she asks with a devilish grin.  “What did you think I was talking about?”

“Uh, the mission of course”, I state with a smirk.  “Why did you have something else in mind?”

“Ha ha, very funny”, she laughs.  “We have less than an hour before we leave, that wouldn’t even give us enough time to get started”, she pauses to watch what I can only assume is my face turning a bright shade of red.  “But seriously this can get a bit dangerous and I want to know if you are ready for this.”

“I am as ready as I will ever be”, I pause letting her comment sink in.  “Wait an hour would not be enough time?”

“Here”, she states as she hands me a duffel bag.  “This is Kevlar, please put it on as you would your underwear”, I can tell she is enjoying making me squirm.  “You obviously do not know the ways of my people.  Time runs much slower on my home word, but I guess we could always try the fashion of your planet...just not today”, she points me in the direction of a gilded changing screen then turns her back to me and lets her towel slide down her well toned body.  “When Juusto is ready we will head to the armory for some necessary items.”

I do as is asked of me and head behind the screen.  I can see Shara pacing back and forth through a seam where two panels meet; she is dressing as well, and has made it very difficult for me to focus.  If we were not heading off on a mission I wonder what would have been her answer to my original question, and really how much time would we need.  Ok, snap out of it this is getting serious now.  There will be plenty of time for that later.  I step out from around the screen and find my love adorning an armored vest.

“This is a vest for you”, she said as she hands it to me.

“More armor”, I gasp.

“Eldon, I know what’s out there in forms of weapons”, she replies in a very serious tone.  “Beside I’m not taking any risks in loosing you.”

“I don’t want to lose me either”, I smirk.

“Listen up wise ass”, she adds with a laugh.  “The dorm will be occupied by Juusto and Duz so I was thinking that you should, well that is, if you want.  I was thinking you could move in with me.”

This statement hits me by surprise, “Are you sure this is what you want?”

Her communicator goes off it is Juusto saying he is waiting by the lift for us.  “I have been thinking on this since our first night on Maris; when you made your bed next to mine.”  She stares into my eyes and says, “So my answer is yes, this is what I want.”

“Then yes”, I say with joy.  “I also want this.”

“Good, but first we have business to tend to.”  She grins wide bearing her canines in a primal sign of victory.  “Come let not keep Juusto waiting.”

We join Juusto at the lift and make our way to the armory.  I notice that he is carrying a rather large duffel and an even larger case covered in decals of various rock bands from Vena.  He is decked out in dessert style camouflage.  All his skull rings are off his hands except for one.  Come to think of it is the same one Shara wears.  I learn that it is the insignia of their old unit.  This is also the same patch Juusto has fixed to his hat.  It is a standard shield shape with a death’s head in the center flanked on either side by three lightning bolts in a sun burst pattern.

“You bring Penelope with you”, asks Shara.

“Got her right her Lieutenant”, replies Juusto.  “Just had her recoated with Melonite.”

“Who or what is Penelope”, I ask.

“Penny is my special Lady”, he replies as he looks at the case in his right hand.

“You have a woman in the case”, I ask very puzzled.  “Do you have to inflate her?”

Shara bursts into laughter, “No!  Penny is his rifle.”

“Your rifle’s name is Penny”, I inquire.  “What made you name her that?”

“Penny is a Cheytac-B2 14mm.  You see I’m a sniper and our motto is one shot, one kill!  I have severed many a man’s thoughts with one of these copper covered devils”, he informs as he drops the duffel and produces an enormous bullet.  “So before I pull the trigger I whisper A Penny for your thoughts.”

“Oh, I see”, I manage out in a very shocked tone.

“The goal is not to be seen”, he begins.  “I have been so far out that the target has been disabled before anyone could even hear the report of my rifle.  The next target is hit before the first falls to the floor.”

I have no response for this, just a look of shock, which reminds Juusto that I’m just a simple sailor and not a soldier.  I guess that some people can get sucked into their job, and when your job is shooting people from 15,000 meters away; I can only imagine how that can wrap your mind over time.  We gather the weapons we need and head down into the dry dock where we catch a ride to hanger 12.  Our transport is being loaded with supplies and a Lummis 451 Badger light ground transport.

The shuttle is the newest version of a Condor.  The Condor is a helo-type transport; capable of carrying twelve soldiers and one ground transports.  This version, the Supper Condor, can hold twenty-five soldiers and two ground transports. It is fixed to an exterior thruster body that allows it to achieve flight out of atmo.  The Condor itself detaches from the thrusters, which remain in orbit, allowing it to descend into atmo and deploy its payload.  It then can return to orbit and re-dock to the thruster assembly for the return trip.

We settle into our seats; strapping in for takeoff.  We will be accompanied by two infantry men as well as the two pilots and gunner.  The bay door is being sealed as the pilot announces to us that we will begin our taxi out to the runway and wait for clearance for takeoff.  Ten minutes pass before we are cleared.  Like a catapult we are hurled off into the heavens with the greatest force I have ever experienced.  These thrusters are way oversized for the weight of this vessel; which will make our travel time much shorter than normal.


Mission Log
An entry by Lieutenant Shara Ti’Shetal


I can’t believe that we are being forced into trusting such a traitor as Hein.  I could have lived out the rest of my days very happily without ever hearing this name again and now I will have to see him.  I guess that this is our only option as of right now.  The thing that seems to worry me the most is that Eldon will be with us on this operation.  I know he is capable of handling himself due to the training he has participated in over the last several weeks, but it still is a great concern for me.

When I walked away from this life I never thought that I would be preparing for a combat drop out of orbit.  I remember that Juusto always had trouble with these.  I will be interested in seeing how Eldon will handle this.  Well we should know in just a few minutes.  I pray to the gods that this goes easily.  I think that I have finally started to lose my nerve for this type of work, but you never really forget.  I hate the heat and this place could not be more opposite than my home.


An Unwelcomed Reunion


It, remarkably, has only taken us two days to reach the orbit of SPR-4.  With conventional thrusters this journey would have taken an additional day.  We hold in orbit as we prepare for thruster detachment.  We review the plan for the meeting.

“Inspector”, begins Shara.  “My team is ready for the briefing.”

“Team”, addresses Molay.  “We will be on the ground in approximately thirty minutes.  We will touch down roughly two kilometers East, North-east from Odyssey’s End outpost.”  He pauses then turns towards Juusto, “Sergeant!”

“Aye Sir”, replies Juusto.

“You will stay with the transport along with the crew”, instructs Molay.  “You will supply us with long range cover from a nearby ridge that appears on the survey of the LZ.  I am not sure what visibility you will have from your vantage point.”

“Understood sir”, he replies.  “I will have you covered.”

“The Lieutenant and Mr. Eldon, will accompany me to the meeting”, Molay pauses and looks at the two infantry, Private Nielson and Private Johef.  “Once at the tavern Nielson will remain at the vehicle.  Johef will accompany us to the entrance and monitor anyone attempting to enter once we are inside.”

“If I may add something Inspector”, ask Shara.

“Of course you may Lieutenant”, he replies with a reassuring nod.

“Men”, she instructs.  “Remember to remain vigilant.  This territory is known to be untamed.  Remain in radio contact; especially if anything looks out of place.  Gunny you have the go ahead to take out any one that you may see as a threat.  Are we all clear?”

“Aye Lieutenant”, we all roar.

“Inspector”, informs the pilot from over the intercom.  “Please, strap in.  We are ready to enter atmo.”

We take our places and begin our descent; which seems to be much faster and violent than I am use to.  It feels like I and strapped to an enormous elevator in a free fall from the heavens.  I must admit, I have to fight to hold down my stomach.  Juusto looks over at me and hands me a sliver of a fragrant, candied root.

“Chew this it’s preserved ginger root”, he informs as I waste no time chomping it down.  “It’s an ancient mariner’s secret from our world.  It will help to settle your stomach.”

“Thank you”, I reply as the flavor of the sweet and spicy remedy linger.  “How did you know?”

“Your face told the story I know too well”, he smiles then closes his eyes breathing deeply.

He reaches into his left breast pocket and presents two more pieces; one for each of us.  The ride stabilizes once we are about three hundred meters from the surface.  It is smooth sailing from here on out.  I’m just grateful that Juusto had his special remedy for the ride down.  The light goes green in the cargo hold signaling we are down.  The bay door opens and it is as if I opened the door to a great blast furnace.  The searing heat and blinding glare of the desert welcome us.

“Ok, NavHira”, whispers Shara to me.  “It is show time.”

“Does this ever get easier”, I ask.

“The moment the nervousness goes away is the moment you slip up”, she then informs.  “Inspector, Corporal Tukal Ja’Hamot has arrived on SPR-4, as well.  He states that he can be to the location in forty-five minutes.  He is arriving via land transport.”

“OK people”, booms Molay.  “Let’s stay sharp and make this happen.”

We climb into the Badger and pull out of the cargo bay.  Juusto has gone out to take his perch providing cover fire if needed.  I sit in the back next to Shara.  Molay is in the front passenger seat as Johef drives us out.  Nielson has taken his place in the gun turret.  I can only imagine what this will be like.  I just wish for the best; prepare for the worst and pray that we all get back safe.

This tiny arid rock really has no purpose; other than serving as a haven for hermits looking to escape and the last chancres with shady pasts trying to scratch out a living in the dust.  They have ended up here as a final stop; a sort of sanctuary if you will.  This planet could not even merit a name; just the initials of the observatory team that first discovered it Sandiv, Pu’Hut, and Rivenstone.  The 4 is for the observatory registry.  SPR-4 only has one off planet port, Halifax Station.  Everything must pass through Halifax, so that the cargo may be loaded into smaller shuttles.  There are no bodies of water above the surface and rightly so.  They would not last long given the surface temperature ranges from 49 to 60 Celsius during the day.

I can only guess the quality of people that pass through the gates of Odyssey’s End Outpost.  I thought Zenum was a tuff place; at least there is order and a productivity that contributes to the wellbeing of the star system.  We arrive at the gates of the outpost, and idle in; locating the tavern in a far corner of the bazaar.  We exit the transport and are escorted to the open door way by Johef; where he takes his position.

Molay leads the way in caring only a very thick aluminum brief case; no doubt this is the price of admission to the game of espionage.  There at a secluded table sits Hain with an associate.  There are a few random stragglers littering the saloon.  We approach as I observe Shara trying to scan the area for any potential hazards.  She really does not trust this man one bit.

“Ah Inspector Molay”, grins Hain.  “Please take a seat”, he pauses and looks at Shara.  “Well, if it isn’t Lieutenant Ti’Shetal”, he gleamed with a crazed expression on his face.  “How long has it been, seven no...Almost eight years now.  You haven’t aged a day, but I guess that’s a perk of being Danae’.”

“Nodeve”, she grits lividly through her teeth.  “If you don’t mind our time is short; so if we could just get to business.”

“How very unlike your race; all this hastiness...that’s so human of you”, he smirks.  “I suppose you would not join me in a drink; just to show that I am willing to move on from the past.”

“A drink will be fine”, replies Molay attempting to keep things peaceful.

Hain signals to the barmaid as she ushers a bottle of over proofed rum and a stack of shot glasses.  I observe Hain as she sets a glass in front of all present and pours.  He is a Human male about early forties, and in very good physical condition.  He has grizzly blond hair that is medium length.  He wears a moustache that runs all the way down to his jaw line.  His clothing is sun bleached and dusty.  He never removes his dark eyewear and from around his neck is a loosely draped light weight scarf; common to travelers in deserters regions.  The barmaid leaves the bottle and walks back to the bar.  Hain raises the glass to us and slugs it back.  We all follow his lead.

“Ah, that old bastard makes good rum”, states Hain as he looks at the empty glass perched in his finger tips.  “So, is that for me”, he states as he glares at the brief case.  “I hope you don’t mind if I just have you confirm the amount.”

“Of course”, replies Molay as he proves the contents of the case.  “You don’t even trust your old partner, anymore?”

“Trust is such a novel idea”, sneers Hain.  “The only thing I trust these days, is what I can put in my hands”, he grins approvingly at the display on the case.  “So I suppose you want me to show you what I have called you here for”, he motions to his associate who presents a digital tablet which is placed in front of Molay.  “This is what I have stumbles across.”

Molay takes the tablet into his hands and is amazed at what he sees.  It appears that he is about to share the images with Shara.  The tablet sends a surge of electricity through Molay rendering him unconscious.  Before Shara could react she too is stunned from behind, but she is still conscious.  Gun shots are heard from outside.  All this happens so quickly that I have tried to reach for my side arm, but something or someone forces me back into my chair from behind.  Hain stands up and walks around the table to Shara.  He crouches down over her; she struggles gasping for air as if the wind has been knocked out of her.

“You stay away from her you son of a bitch”, I shout.

Hain places his hand on Shara’s chin as to direct her head; then looks at me.  “Why would this Human care so passionately for your well being”, he observes Shara’s eyes looking towards me.  “So this is whom you have chosen for a mate”, Hain grins as I struggle to get free.  He looks back at Shara.  He leans in with his ear close to her lips as she struggles to form words.  “This is what I live for...this feeling here!  What’s that?  Can’t speak; having trouble breathing.” He looks up at his men and says, “To steal the breath of you enemy.  This is a greater reward than the contents of that case.”

Just then, someone bursts into the tavern in a hail of gunfire directed at Hain and his men.  The gunman hits one of Hain’s men in the arm, and another in the neck dropping him to the ground instantly.  They return fire driving our ally back out into the street.  This has given me the opportunity to get a hold of my knife and drive all twenty centimeters of razor sharp steel into the enormous leg of my captor; causing him to fling me, still in my chair, against the wall stunning me momentarily.

“Let’s go, we are leaving now”, orders Hain.  “This is a tough decision should I further torment The Lieutenant...grab Molay!  He is worth more to us than her Human!”

With my own eyes, I have witnessed the one being that I have ever seen drive fear into the heart of Pete, or any Aqualon for that matter...The Kludge!  He grabs Molay as if he were a toy; tossing him over his solder.  He turns back to me and pulls my knife out of his leg allowing his tar like blood to flow freely.  He licks the blade and tosses it in my direction.  He then licks his lips smearing the blood about his face like a nightmarish clown from the depths of hell.  He looks at me, as a starving man would a feast.

“Kludge”, orders Hain.  “Quit toying with your food.  We must go.”

They storm out where more gunfire erupts on the street.  The sound of an engine fires up; as they make a hasty escape.  Then the mysterious ally re-emerges cautiously.  I struggle to my feet and make my way to Shara as the man kicks the weapon away from his victim he has shot in the neck and checks for vital signs.  Hain’s man lay dead in a pool of his blood.

“Lieutenant”, he inquires.  “Are you all right?”

“I’m fine, just stunned”, she replies.  “Tukal, don’t lose them.  We will follow in a moment.  We will scramble our Condor.”

“Just like the old days”, he grins and storms out.

He pursues after Hain as we help one another out of the tavern and into the street.  I radio Juusto letting him know what has transpired.  We climb into the Badger and head after Tukal.  Hain has a good five minute lead on us.  They are easy to follow in this terrain.  The dust plums can be seen for a good half kilometer.

“Lieutenant”, informs Juusto over the com.  “I see them and will be coming over you in about two minutes.”

“Remember they are the lead vehicle”, she warns.  And they have the Inspector.”

“Copy that Lieutenant”, replies Juusto.  “He won’t get a scratch!”  We can hear heavy weapon fire ahead of us, and now a few small explosions.  I wonder what is going on up ahead.  I just want to catch up to the Hain.  Shara climbs into the turret section of the transport.  “They are trying to their damndest to shake Tukal”, informs Juusto.  “I will try to level the playing field.”  He pauses and in a soft voice, “A Penny for your thoughts.”  The report of a rifle is heard echoing off in the distance.  “That’s one down”, informs Juusto.  “That should buy Tukal some time.

“Good shooting”, commends Shara.  “How far ahead of us are they?”

“You’re closing in fast”, he replies.  “I would say about 800 meters, just over the next ridge.”

There is a great explosion and a plume of smoke up on the horizon.  “No”, shouts Juusto.  “Tukal is down.  He was hit with some sort of ordinance.”

“Keep after the Inspector”, orders Shara.  “We will tend to Tukal.”

We race at top speed to the location of the wreckage.  We jump out to see to Tukal.  The smoke burns my nostrils; choking my throat.  We find him on the far side of the wreckage of the mangled transport.  All that is visible is his upper body.  He looks up at Shara with his soot covered face wincing in pain; blood streaming from his nose and mouth.  I try to remove a mangled piece of steel that seems to be pinning him down.  I struggle, pulling and prying the hot scorched metal.  I get it free, but to my complete horror I find that his legs are not where they should be.  He is bleeding out rapidly; as the dry sand soaks up the vital life blood.  This I cannot take; the overwhelming stench of blood hits me in the face.  The overpowering combination of this sight and smell turns my stomach inside out; as I vomit on the side of the wreckage.  Shara, a true leader, tries to comfort him, in what, will most likely be his final moments of life.

“Stay with me Corporal”, she ordered.  “Eldon, grab the med kit from the transport.”  She tears it open and injects a very large dose of morphine into Tikal’s arm.  In a matter of seconds it appears that this man who is in pieces, literally, has no pain at all.  “Just relax”, Shara comforts in a soothing tone.  “You fought a valiant battle.”

“It’s bad isn’t it Lieutenant”, asks Tukal.

“It’s bad Corporal”, she states.

“Lieutenant”, interjects Juusto.  “How is he?”

“I’ll let Eldon fill you in”, she mumbles in a wavy tone.

As Shara continues to comfort Tukal I relay the carnage to Juusto.  He informs me that they lost the visual on Hain as they entered a settlement, but he managed to get a tracer shot off in the vehicle’s tailgate.  “Shara” I inform.  “They will be to us in five minutes for extraction.”

I walk over to find her placing her hand over Tikal’s eyes.  A tear streams down her cheek; which she quickly wipes away.  She removes his signet ring and looks up at me.  She rises to her feet.  “Tukal has found his peace.  He has died a warrior’s death”, she informs.  “He asked who the brave Human with me was.”  She pauses then continues, “I told him you are my NavHira, my life bond.”  She hands me the ring, “He told me to give this to you.  That you fought valiantly and have earned this ring.”

I take it and place it upon my finger as the Condor is easing down a few meters away from us.  Juusto is hanging out the cargo bay door.  He unhooks his safety harness and rushes out to help carry Tukal to the bay.  It is a truly gruesome sight.  The pilot states that we have a fix on the signal and it has stopped for now.  This gives us time to regroup as well as retrieve the bodies of Private Nielson and Johef.  We transmit a message back up to the beacon on the thruster pod in orbit, which also doubles as a satellite when there are troops on the ground.  This will boost our signal and send it back to base on Maris.

“We have to strike while the iron is hot”, advises Shara.

“I agree”, adds Juusto.  “We have a strong lead on the Inspector and should take full advantage of it.”

“Let’s do it”, I blurt out.  “We can at least do some recon on the area where the signal leads.”

“I agree!”  Shara commands the pilots, “Take us to the last know point of the Inspector.”

“Lieutenant”, begins the pilot.  “We just received a report of an inbound dust storm.  We will have to make this quick.”

“We are not going to leave the Inspector”, she snaps.

“Lieutenant I understand the importance of this mission”, inform the pilot.  “We cannot fly in this dust.  The silicate will clog our intakes and crystallize in the engines.  The traces of heavy metals will render our sensors useless.  We will never be able to break atmo.”

“Pilot, this is understood”, she states.  “We must make haste while we have some time.”

This turns out to be a wash.  The tracer round, lodged in the tailgate of the vehicle, has been abandoned in a decrepit building.  The trail is getting cold fast.  The storm is rapidly approaching and is massive.  We relay our situation to command.  Our orders are to hold position in orbit and set the scanners to monitor any and all vessels entering and leaving SPR-4.  We cannot penetrate the atom with our scans do to the immense storm.  The alert has been sent to Halifax Station to monitor any traffic in orbit.  The customs team will tighten the grip on all incoming and outgoing vessels.  The Glory is speeding on its way too us.  The major repairs have been completed on the exterior.  The remaining work is all internal and being finished while in route; also an update to the arrival of Specialist Ti’Lumal.  She is being rushed to us via CR-9B Super PiFer.  This is the fastest vessel in all the system.  The original was a long-range reconnaissance ship created by the Danae’.  This was the first vessel they used to venture out towards my world.  The USSG improved upon the Pi’Ferut Herat for this latest incarnation.  Due to the increasable speed of this vessel, she will be to Lunaris Station in two days time.  She could be with us in just another day from that point.

“Well boys”, begins Shara.  “It looks like the cavalry is on the way.”

“What are our orders Lieutenant”, asks Juusto.

“We sit and observe”, she replies.


A Game of Chess


We sit, watching the surface for any activity.  There is no movement except for the occasional shuttle docking and departing Halifax Station.  These vessels check out as legitimate deliveries.  That doesn’t necessarily mean a damn thing. The storm rages on down below on the surface; it has suspended all travel to SPR-4 for a majority of the western hemisphere.  Almost two days have passed before we receive word from command.

“Come in LTT-4419”, that’s Pete’s voice over the com.  “This is The BC-1313, The USSCV Neptune’s Glory, do you read?”

“Glory, we read you”, replies the pilot.  “It’s good to hear a friendly voice.”

“We will be at you location in thirty minutes”, informs Pete.  “Please prep for docking.”

“Copy that Glory”, states the pilot with joy in his voice.  “We will be ready and awaiting your arrival.”

I cannot wait to see all my mates as well as The Glory.  We make the preparations for the boarding tube to attach to our hull’s hatch.  “LTT-4419, this is BC-1313”, Informs Pete.  “We are in position for docking.  We will lock on to you with the tractor beam.”

“BC-1313, we read you”, replies the pilot.  “You may begin boarding process.”

I look out a port hole and see the monstrous sight that The Glory has morphed into; a true war machine reminiscent of the Frontier class battle cruiser of my planets past.  On the hull, close to the bow, just above the painting of Neptune is CB-1313.  Even the painting of Neptune is slightly different.  His Trident now has a tattered Jolly Roger dangling from it.  The boarding tube seals to us with a thud.  The air pressurizes in the tube and the word is given that it is safe to open our hatch.  We are greeted by a very friendly sight.

“Hope you missed me”, jokes Chief.  “I know I would, if I were you.”

“Chief”, I blurt out.  “I did miss you, but honestly not as much as I miss a good shower.”

“Aye, I have to agree with that one Lad”, he replies.  “It’s a wee bit ripe in here!  Very reminiscent of the mushroom caves of Loth Mora”, he pauses as he looks about, “Come on, the Captain is waiting in the bridge.”

We make our way through the tube and into the airlock.  The hatch opens up into the main corridor.  We walk to the lift; heading to the Bridge to speak with the Captain.  I notice that the Condor is being replenished with supplies and any of the remaining technicians are beginning to board her; to be brought back to the base on Maris.  The elevator door opens and we find everyone assembled in the bridge.

“Excluding the unfortunate absence of the Inspector”, begins the Captain.  “I am glad to see that you are safe.  HQ has received a communication from Hain and his men.  They have made their demands; however I don’t believe they are aware of two very important pieces of information.  The first would be our arrival in orbit, and the second is that the Inspector has a tracker conveniently hidden in the cavity where his left eye once resided.”

“Excellent”, replies Shara.  “The tracer that Juusto was able to plant led us to a dead end”, she pauses then asks.  “Do we have a lock on his current position?”

“Yes, my dear Lieutenant”, informs the Captain gleefully.  “We most certainly do.  We have under gone many upgrades; this was made significantly easier by the installation of a pre-fabricated hull already equipped with the weapon system upgrades.”  He smirks then continues, “You will really enjoy this Lieutenant.  I am most defiantly sure that you will approve of the modification; however by far the most impressive upgrade, to me, is our ability to cloak.”

“I can’t wait to inspect the weapon systems Sir”, she replies.

“First things first”, instructs the Captain.  “While the technicians finalize the upgrades we will give you all a chance to freshen up as well as investigate the modifications.  The Condor will take all the technicians back to the base on Maris.  We will wait for Command’s order to retrieve the Inspector.  We are also carrying a troop deployment of twenty strong.  This deployment comes with two thruster pod assemblies, and two Supper Condors.  Each are equipped with a Lummis 551 Sloth heavy transport and a 451 Badger light transport.  They will serve as a backup if your team runs into trouble with the extraction of the Inspector.”

“Understood Captain”, replies Shara.  “We will be ready and waiting on your orders.”

“Alright crew”, the Captain commands with a glint in his eye.  “Let’s make sure we are ready for action.”

“Aye, Captain”, we shout in response.

“Captain”, I say as I stand up.  “I have some troubling news to add.”

“Go on Mr. Eldon”, he replies.

“I have come in contact with...with the Kludge!”

Pete and Duz look at one another.  With an expression of, what can only be described as, disgust coupled with a bit of fear.  The type of fear that would manifest if you found out that all the horrors of your childhood nightmares was real.

“Eldon”, inquires Pete.  “Are you positive of this?”

“Unfortunately, I am.”  I can feel the hair on the back of my neck and on my forearms begin to rise; there is a slight acidic taste in the back of my mouth, “I drove my knife deep into his leg and it barely fazed him.  In fact I believe it actually only enraged him.”  I pause to calm myself, “He looked at me with piercing black eyes; as his tar like blood stream from his wound...those eyes!  He picked up the Inspector as if he were a child’s doll.”

Shara tries to settle the mood and says with confidence, “There is no one, born of this star system that cannot be killed.  This I promise you all.”

“Thank you for the information, Mr. Eldon”, replies the Captain.  “I will forward this news to HQ.  I agree with the Lieutenant.  We cannot allow, this living being, to cripple us with fear; if so, the enemy has already won.”  He pauses then continues, “You men and women that make up this brave crew.  We will be victorious.  Now, everyone prepare for the mission.”

We again reply, “Aye, Captain”, as we scramble to prepare.

We enter the lift to head to B-deck for a much needed shower and change of clothing.  While in the lift Chief turns to Shara and says “I moved everything into your cabin as instructed Lieutenant.”

“Thank you, Chief”, she replies as the doors open.  “We will meet you in engineering in twenty minutes.”

“Understood, Lieutenant”, he replies as we exit the elevator and the doors close.

We walk down the corridor and just outside of Shara’s cabin she stops and I continue on my way with Juusto.  “Eldon”, she states in a puzzled tone.  “Where are you going?”

I stop, turning to speak with her.  “I am heading to the dorm”, I reply a bit puzzled.

“Have you forgotten already”, she asks.  “Remember this is your cabin now as well”, as she points to the name plate just above the buzzer.  “Chief has moved all your belongings in while we were away.”

“Sorry, I had forgotten with all this excitement going on in the last few days”, I state as I shake the fatigue from my mind.

We enter our cabin and I begin to unpack my things; as Shara enters the shower.  I sit and wait my turn looking about the room; reflecting on the events of the past few days and begin to drift off in thought.  I am snapped back to reality by Shara kiss me on my forehead.  I picture a vision of us together, years from now.  This image brings warmth and happiness to me.

“Hey sleepy”, she says, “It’s your turn.  We have about ten minutes till we must meet Chief in engineering.”

“Sorry”, I begin.  “I was dreaming but quite awake.”

“What where you dreaming about”, she asks.

“Us”, I reply.  “I was thinking of a long future with you.”

“I like that”, she blushes.  “I’ll wait to hug you after you shower.”

“Am I that bad”, I ask as I sniff at my clothing.

“I can only notice it now”, she states.

I jump into the shower letting the hot water run over my stiff body.  I guess I have gotten a bit more bruised than I thought.  Feeling somewhat revived I begin to dress as Shara pours us both a drink.  She hands me a glass, and explains that it is an ancient elixir of her people.  It has a bitter herbal taste, but not unpleasant.  I drink the fizzy concoction down; remarkably I begin to feel revived.  We stand ready in front of the door as we embrace.

“Let’s go see the new and improved Glory”, she says.

I kiss her then reply with a laugh, “Come let’s not give them any ideas as to why they are waiting on us.”

We enter engineering to be greeted by Chief and Dr. Taggerdt patiently awaiting our arrival.  We are followed by Juusto who is about a minute behind us.  The tour is to begin in the armory.  I am told when we get more time Chief will bring me up to speed on the thrusters.  In the armory we notice that it is now slightly larger than before and a second staircase leading up through the deck.  There are extra power generators; I would assume for the added weapon systems.

“You’ll want to take a peek up in The Hammer”, Chief grins.  “We took the liberty of naming the new members of the punishment team.”

“The new members”, inquires Shara.  “What new members are you speaking of?”

“The Hammer as you know it is now the main turret”, he informs.  “There is now a secondary turret, a twin if you will; Perun, Ninurta, Indra, and Ukko.  They are identical to the original four cannon.”

“So I now have twice the destructive power as before.”  States Shara with a wild smile then squeals, “Excellent!”

We step out into the main hold.  It is now encircled with an enclosed walk way that leads all the way up to the bow and back.  In the bow there is a hatch that opens up into the new turret.  “This was named by the Captain himself”, informs Chief.  “I give you The Angels of Death or AD for short.  She features two very powerful cannon assemblies one for the port and one for the starboard.”

“The Angels of Death”, I repeat.

“That’s correct Lad, the port cannon is Abaddon and the Starboard is Thanatos.  Each side is a 120mm cannon, and like the Trident, the AD features a kenotic energy weapon.  They have an amazing range of motion.”  He pauses then adds, “The out dated grabble have been replaced with a tractor beam.  These can be engaged from here as well.  As a security measure you need to dock your communicator into the controls to activate the system.”

“Lieutenant”, informs the Captain from over the com.  “It looks as if Specialist Ti’Lumal is in route to our location she should be here in eighteen hours.”

“Thank you, Captain”, she replies.  “We will be ready for her arrival.”  She turns to us adding, “Well it looks as if the final member of the team will be here shortly.”

As we head back out of the hull I stop and look down through a porthole.  I see the troop’s encampment.  They are vigorously training just in case they are called into action.  We patiently wait for word from HQ as we take turns on watch; remaining ever vigilant.  We will be ready in the event that Hain tries to leave the planet or if he calls for reinforcement.  The USSG has sent an escorted negotiation vessel to orbit; with the hope of keeping The Glory’s involvement a secret.  We remain cloaked, and as far as our registry with the Coalition of United Shipping Vessels show; we are just an independent freighter.  This is a precaution in avoiding being exposed; however Hain would surly see right through this ruse.

This gives me the opportunity to read up on the new thrusters.  In a strange way they are more complicated; however at the same time they involve less moving parts.  Allow me to clarify this statement.  They contain more intricate and delicate parts but the amount of parts involved in the construction are far less.  Maintenance appears to be much easier.  Their overall weight is significantly less; compared to the amount of thrust they can produce.

The sensors have picked up a vessel approaching.  I listen in for the communication to the bridge.  Thank the gods it is only the CR-9B Super PiFer bringing in Specialist Ti’Lumal.  I figure that Shara will want to know of this information.  “Shara, do you read me”

“I read you Eldon.  What is it my love?”

“The transport carrying Ti’Lumal will be docking in fifteen minutes”, I inform.

“Thank you NavHira”, she responds.  “I will get ready to meet her in the airlock.”

We uncloak for the docking procedure.  The minutes pass as I watch the Super PiFer grow larger and larger in the portholes of the AD.  My vantage point is truly amazing from here.  This vessel looks so incredibly fast even when it is completely still.  This rare moment is truly breathtaking for a motor head like me.  This is one of the dozen CR-9Bs in existence.  Normally this vessel seats a three person crew.  This crew is comprised of a pilot, a navigator, and an intelligence office; virtually a thruster with three seats and a mass of cameras, sensors, probes, and jamming equipment.  There are no weapons on this vessel.  Its offence is it defenses’ of speed and deflector shields.

The original vessel was of Danae’ technologies; seven years ago, one became available for study.  This project was headed up by a very young, brilliant, eccentric who invested his life, and passion for speed into the current incarnation I see before me now.  Commander Kid Cole Romulus PhD., of Vena’s United Space Exploration Program or USEP; He is a living legend I idolized growing up.  In his youth he won dozens of NHRA championships and was the youngest Venian to win the Orbital Racing Circuit Championship or ORCC.  This is where he received his nickname.  Kid Cole graduated top of his class with a master’s degree in engineering; later completing his doctorate on propulsion.  He was drafted by the USEP and there he was given a grant to begin working on his prototype.  Five years in development and two versions later we have the CR-9B.  The original name Pi’Ferut Herat, which means ‘Winds of the Spirit’ in Danae’, has become Super PiFer for short.

“Eldon”, spoke Shara from over the com.  “Once we have re-cloaked set the weapons to remote then please join me in the galley.”

“Yes, Shara”, I reply.  “I will be their shortly.”

The Super PiFer docks; then within a matter of ten minutes it is on its way once again.  We re-cloak, and it is out of our weapons range in seconds.  I then set the weapons to remote; this gives me the capability to control them via my communicator if needed.  I make my way to the galley as instructed.  The Glory is quiet and the only people stirring are those of us on watch, Myra, Duz and I.

The door to the galley open to reveal Shara and an almost equally breath taking beauty.  No woman can ever compare to the beauty of my love; however if this were a contest, Dylua would take a close second place.  They rise to greet me as the door closes behind me.  “Eldon, this is a very dear friend of mine”, informs Shara as she greets me with a kiss.  “May I introduce to you Dylua Ti’Lumal?”

“I’m very pleased to meet you”, I states with an out reached hand.

“I have heard much about you”, Dylua begins, “I must admit, I have learned all of the juicy stuff in the last ten minutes.”  She giggles as she turns to Shara, “How very nontraditional of you sister; choosing a Human as your NavHira.  A very cute Human I may add.”

“Sister”, I ask as I blush.  “You are sisters?”

“Well, not in the true sense of the word”, states Dylua.

“You see, Eldon”, begins Shara.  “We are of the same City-State.  This is why both of our surnames begin with Ti.  This is our race’s way of specifying origins.  We hail from different houses; however we have grown up together.  In a way we are like sisters.”

I am invited to join them in an unusual, but welcoming dish of food.  Dylua has brought a treat prepared in the fashion of their home world.  I am told this is a comforting treat that is craved by Danae’Talun who is missing home.  I guess every world has it versions of comfort food, my worlds Mac & Cheese.  They inform me that it is a treat found all over Xiulune; however this particular preparation is rarely found outside of the City of Araphii.

Dylua is shorter in height but close in build to Shara; with a complexion that is less pale compared to Shara’s.  There is more of a pinkish tint to her flesh.  Her hair is a warm cinnamon, red color, and is just past her shoulder blades in length.  With eyes of deep cobalt which mimics her markings.  She seems to have more of a devilish streak than Shara.  This may be contributed by her being a few years younger.  I am finding Chief’s statement be correct when he said to be careful of Danae’ women; for they truly are the fiercer gender of their race.

Just then the Captain comes over the Shara’s com, “Lieutenant”, he begins.  “Do you read me?”

“I read you, Captain”, she replies.  “I am in the galley with Specialist Ti’Lumal and Eldon.”

“I just received word from the negotiation team.  They want us to prepare for action”, informs the Captain.  “We are to mobilize and get into position.  They want your team to retrieve the Inspector.”

“Understood Captain, we will be assembled in the bridge in fifteen minutes”, she states.

“I will assemble the rest of the crew”, he says.  “Better make the briefing for twenty minutes from now.”

“Well”, began Shara.  “It looks like you arrived just in time for the party.”

“I love a good party”, replies Dylua with a devilish smirk.  “I haven’t been to a good party in a few years.”

“You’re not rusty, are you”, asks Shara.

“Not at all”, informs Dylua.  “I’ve been working on my masters as well as running training courses for some of the local militias on the colonial territories.”

“Your master’s degree”, I ask.  “What are you studying?”

“I am majoring in biological sciences with a minor in field medicine”, Dylua explains.  “The course has really expanded to cover all the known races.”

“That is very impressive”, I add.

“Thank you”, replies Dylua.  “In an odd way it has helped in the field both for saving and taking of lives”, she says with a morbid smile.”

We finish the delicious treat from Araphii.  Dylua is shown to her quarters so she may prepare for the mission.  Shara and I head to the bridge for a long and dangerous game of chess.  In the bridge, we find the Captain awaiting our arrival.  A few minutes pass and all are present.  The infantry deployment is placed on standby; as their weapons are checked.  There CO is present for the briefing and is aware that they are a last resort.

“Crew”, begins the Captain.  “The situation on the surface has escalated.  In spite of the progress made by the negotiation team; Hain, will most likely end the Inspector’s life once he receives the ransom.  The Admiralty wants us in action within the hour.”

“Captain”, interjects Pete.  “The download with the Intel is coming through now.”

“Thank you, Pete”, replies the Captain.  “Please patch it through to the screens.”

We all pay close attention to the communication followed by detailed satellite images of Hain’s compound.  It looks like an old warehouse facility long abandoned.  This is not far from the area where our tracer led us.  The assumption is an intricate network of tunnels; however there extent is not known.  Through the combination of the images and the tracer, hidden within Molay, the intelligence branch was able to comprise a crude map.  Pete is able to extract the site map and project it using one of his new toys just recently acquired during the overhaul.

“Lieutenant”, instructs the Captain.  “The floor is yours.”

“Thank you, Sir”, she replies with a salute.  “The plan is simple the Condor will drop us two kilometers out from the compound; then the Sloth will bring us in cloaked about 90 meters from the compound.”  She looks at Juusto, “Sergeant, once we are inside, you will take a perch here on this old water tower.  This should give you a 360 degree visual of the compound.”

“Aye Lieutenant”, he replies.  “Do we know how many of them are in the compound?”

“We believe there are about a dozen men”, she replies.

“Lieutenant”, he adds.  “Can you zoom in to the tower?  I want to get coloration visual for my ghillie suit.”  He studies it for a moment then asks, “What are the wind conditions like?”

“There is a slight breeze of 2 kilometers per hour from the north.”  Shara states then looking at Duz orders, “Corporal you will supply us with an entrance here.”  She points to the three dimensional image, “It looks as if there is a weakness in wall, and whatever is under these tarps will give us cover while we enter.”

“Lieutenant”, asks Duz.  “Do we know how thick the wall is?”

“Aye we do.  It is a meter thick, and ten meters in height.”  She continues, “Once Gunny is in position, Specialist Ti’Lumal and myself will enter this building here.  Duz, you will follow, once the area is cleared.  Then you can tap into their surveillance system.  All this must be done in five minutes.  The Intel vessel will be able to loop and jam their signals for only this long without raising any suspicions.  The Specialist and I will follow the signal of the Inspector and extract him...any questions?”

“Lieutenant”, asks Dylua.  “Do we know what condition the Inspector is in?”

“His tracer does send updates of his vitals back to HQ”, she informs.  “He is in fair health and there is no report of any broken bones.  He shows a slightly elevated heart rate and blood pressured.”

“This can be explained by exposure to pain”, replies Dylua.  “This is to be expected of someone in his situation.”

“Is everyone clear on the plan”, asks Shara as she looks about the room.  “Good, saddle up, we leave in twenty minutes.”

They ready their equipment and meet in the main hold.  They are to take the first Condor while the second, carrying the infantry deployment, will hang in orbit on standby.  I pull Shara aside to kiss her good bye.  “What’s the matter, Eldon”, she asks with concern in her eyes.

“I just worry about you”, I reply.  “When you get back, and you will be back safely, we are going to speak about the next step in our relationship.”

“Oh!  Now I’m nervous”, she replies.  “Why must you make me nervous before a mission?”

“I didn’t mean to make you nervous”, I respond apologetically.  “I only meant to give you something to look forward to upon your return.”

“Just the sight of you will be enough motivation to return safely”, she smiles.  “If you are talking about what I think you are then...I really can wait to get back.”  She pauses to enjoy me blushing, “Ok people let’s roll”, she shouts then kisses me passionately.  “That’s just a taste of what is to come!”

“I love you, Shara.”

“I love you to, my NavHira.”

With these words she enters the Condor as the cargo door begins to close and the engines begin to engage.  I exit back up to the catwalk that surrounds the hold.  Once all is secure the great bay door begins to open.  The two transports exit out into the orbit of SPR-4.  I wish I could be there by her side; however I know my presence will only complicate matters.  I can’t knowingly do that to the mission and even more importantly jeopardize her safety.  All I can do is monitor the situation via satellite and pray that she return to me unharmed.  I pray they all return to us unharmed.


Operation Pilum
As witnessed by Lieutenant Ti’Shetal


Our Transport pulls out of the hull as the golden glow of SPR-4 illuminates the horizon of the surrounding Abyss.  We are grabbed by the gravitational pull of the planet and begin our rapid descent.  We begin to head to the coordinates as we lose altitude; crossing over onto the dark side of the planet to our targeted destination.  We all sit quietly reflecting upon our duties.  There is Juusto chomping away on that root again.  He claims it sooths his stomach.  I’m not sure about that, but I do enjoy its fragrance.  This feels like the old day.  The days when we were called upon at a moment’s notice to be dropped into some inhospitable situation; to slip in like shadows and surgically remove any and all enemies of democracy.

Our Condor is manned by a support team of five and the transports crew of three.  The remaining twenty infantry are holding in orbit.  The Sloth we carry will drop us as close as possible to our entry point into the compound.  There it will wait, tucked behind a ridge; ready to bring us back to the Condor.  In theory this should be a walk in the park, but seeing how the last meeting with Hain went; I’m really not sure what to expect.  This is what makes me nervous.  We stabilize as we reach a very low altitude to fly under any radar Hain may possess.

“Lieutenant”, Duz reminisces.  “It kind of feels like that one time on Haramus.”

“Almost”, laughs Dylua.  “The only thing missing is the Sergeant getting sick.”

“Oh that’s right”, I reply.

“In my defense”, states Juusto.  “I had some bad Spafloth at that market.”

“You are an adventurous man”, I say with a laugh.  “I have seen you place some of the oddest thing in your mouth.”

“I’m just being a traveler not a tourist”, he laughs.

“Let’s load up team”, I order.  “We will be mobilized in just five minutes.”

We board the Sloth and make sure all our com units are synced.  I try to review the plan in my head, but Eldon keeps popping up.  I have never had someone in my life like him before.  This has raised the stakes of this game.  Sure, I have fought and sill fight alongside of good trusted friends; a sort of family if you will.  I have never had such feeling for anyone, like I have for him.  I need to focus on the mission and not let these thoughts interfere.  Toughing down, we depart from the cargo bay.  We make haste to reach the drop point; arriving in just a few minutes.  It’s time for me to get Molay and my team back aboard The Glory safe.

“Ok, you all know the plan”, I say encouragingly.  “The jamming will begin in thirty seconds.  Make sure you have everything with you”, I count down, “Five, four, three, two, Go!”

We scramble out to the corner where Duz is to break us in.  He pulls out two large canisters of LN2.  The extreme cold reacts with the intense heat retained by the bricks that have been baking in the intense sun all day.  This causes the already weakened stress cracks to widen and the bricks to begin to crumble away into dust.  He is able to simply push the section in on itself like sand that has been packed tightly together.  We have just four and a half minutes remaining.

We are in!  Juusto begins to make his way to his post.  He settles in and sweeps the area.  We hear his warning.  “A penny for your thoughts”, whispers Juusto.  The sentry is dropped, and we wait for the signal.  “Clear”, he informs.  “Lieutenant you may precede.”  He continues to sweep the area as Dylua and I make it into the warehouse structure.  Dylua drags the body out of sight.  “Lieutenant”, alerts Juusto.  “I’m picking up movement inside the warehouse; about 10 meters from your position.” 

“Copy that Sergeant, I’m on it.”

I pull my TaLava from its sheath and creep into position being guided by Juusto.  I can hear him shuffling about.  I place my hand over his mouth as I drive my blade into his neck severing his jugular and splitting his wind pipe.  It is a quick death for the fool.  We finish securing the area and Duz is given the OK to head on in.  He quickly set up his equipment as Dylua and I aid him.

“Talk to me Duz”, I state concerned with the remaining time.  “We are down to thirty seconds before jamming is ended.”

“We are online in ten seconds, Lieutenant”, he replies as sweat beads up on his forehead.  “We are in!”

“Excellent”, I reply.  “Gunny, what’s going on out there?”

“All is quiet Lieutenant”, he responds.

“Dylua”, I instruct.  “Let’s get a move on.”

We make our way to a door in the back of the warehouse.  I am able to pick the simple lock as we begin to make our way down the labyrinth of hallways.  We descent what must have been about twenty meters below the surface.  This place, to our fortune, is very desolate.  “I have a strong feed on Molay’s beacon”, I inform.  “We should be there in another minute.”

There behind an archaic looking door, is the cell where Molay is being held.  I begin to pick at the lock; as Dylua keeps a watchful eye.  “There is a sentry coming up behind you”, she informs softly in my earpiece.  “Just keep working on the lock.”

Like a coiled serpent, Dylua springs from the network of conduit and pipes suspended from the ceiling of the corridor.  She slings her legs around the sentry’s neck forcing him to drop his weapon.  She begins to tighten her strangle hold on him as he struggles to free himself from between her thighs.  I get the lock to pop open and turn my attention to Dylua’s aid.  She pulls with all her might upwards towards the ceiling as I quickly spin around sweeping out the sentry’s legs.  This causes his legs to give out; snapping his neck instantly.  We enter the cell as Dylua drags her victim inside.  There we find Molay battered and bruised but alive.

“Lieutenant”, he mutters.

“Don’t speak”, I reply.  “Save your energy.”  Dylua gives him a quick look over and injects a mixture of vitamins and some synthetic adrenaline to aid him in the escape.  I hand him the dead guard’s weapon just in case we run into a problem.

“Lieutenant, I have company”, informs Duz.  “There is someone in the warehouse.”

“Hide the equipment and lay low”, I inform.  We are on our way out.”

We scramble to make our way back up to the surface before all hell breaks loose.  I have spoken too soon.  Duz in an astonished tone says.  “By the gods, it is The Kludge!”

“Stay focused Soldier”, I encourage.  “Remember he is just a man.  Men can be killed.”

“I’m switching to thermal FLIR”, informs Juusto.  “There is too much interference in the warehouse.  I can’t get a fix.”

Over the com we can hear an exchange of words between Duz and the Kludge.  Most of the exchange is in the Aqualonian tongue.  This is hard for me to decipher, but I can assure you it is escalating fast.  Fortunately the Kludge seems to be a bit of a sadist; if that is something to feel fortunate about.  This just works in our favor.  Instead of sounding the alarm he will try to handle the situation on his own.  This means that we only have to deal with this masochistic fiend instead of a whole on slot of guards.

“I can smell your blood”, taunts Kludge.  “It is briny and sweet like the sea.”

“Just hang in there Duz”, I urge.  “Don’t let him into your head.”

“Where are you Aqualon”, Kludge sings.

We get to the main area of the warehouse to find Duz and the Kludge circling around one another.  Both men have their Sekera; glinting and gleaming in the dimly lit room.  It seems that they have chosen to duel in the traditional fashion of Maris.  They both are streaming blood from blows taken during this standoff.  I send Dylua with the Inspector straight out to the transport.  This catches the attention of the Kludge allowing Duz to land a blow with his Sekera to the torso of his enemy.  Juusto covers Dylua and Molay until they are clear; then gets a fix on the Kludge for a shot.  He fires; landing a shot to the left trapezius muscle, causing it to explode into a mist of blood.  Not a fatal blow, but at lease it will slow him down.

“No”, pleads Duz.  “Leave him to me Lieutenant.  It must be done this way for the sake of my people!”

I hastily gather all of Duz’s equipment as this is going on.  I find it best to stay out the way; interference would be some sort of crime against the Aqualonian honor; bringing shame to Duz.  I will respect this wish; however I will not let Duz be killed by this mad man.  The down load has finished; now all Hain’s information is ours for review.  Duz has also sent a worm into his system to ensure total destruction.

Duz takes advantage of the shot from Juusto and charges full speed at the Kludge.  He hits him with a great thud that echoes throughout the room.  They lie there on the floor; Duz on top of the badly bleeding Kludge.  They both appear to be stunned.  I begin to approach them to help Duz up.  The giant’s arm begins to move I draw my pistol to take a shot.  Kludge begins to plunge the long tip of the Sekera deep into the right shoulder blade of Duz; as I pull the trigger.  My shot strikes the blade ricocheting; hitting Kludge’s wrist.  With luck I was able to keep most of the blade out of Duz.  I pray that it did not pierce any of his lung chambers.  I pull the heavy blade from Duz and help him to his knees.

“Is it bad Corporal”, I ask.

“I will live”, he replies as he crouches above the Kludge.

The Kludge laughers as blood gurgles in his mouth, “You weak fool...go on finish the kill”, he coughs.  “If it was I standing above you, you would be watching me cut your heart from your chest and devour your spirit.”

Duz spits on him with great disgust as he raises his Sekera.  He is egged on by his enemy to finish the job.  “By killing you, I do a great honor to Maris”, says Duz as he falls forward, sinking the heavy, blade into the thick neck of the Kludge.  He finishes the decapitation with a rocking motion.

“Lieutenant”, informs Juusto.  “I have movement out here.  We need to be on our way.”

“Understood”, I reply.  “Let’s move!”

Juusto fires off a round as we make out way to the opening in the wall.  I send Duz through as Dylua come to meet him half way; seeing that he is able to make it to the transport on his own, she comes to gather us.  I open fire on the approaching targets; giving Juusto a chance to make his way off the tower.

“Just like old times Lieutenant”, he exclaims as he jumps down the last two meters of stairs.

“It sure is Sergeant”, I reply with a smirk.  “Now move your ass and keep your head down.”  We give a heavy blanket of cover fire as Juusto makes his way to the exit point.  The enemy is closing in fast.  Juusto is hit!  He lay only five meters from us as I shout to him; as his fingers begin to move.

“Thank the gods for body armor”, he mumbles.

“Save the jokes for later”, I reply with a smile of relief.  “Don’t move I’ll pull you in.”

I throw him a line and drag him in quickly as Dylua fire off a few shots from her M-230X grenade launcher.  We are nestled between the large trapped object, and the opening in the wall.  The Sloth makes its way to our position.  The door is barely closed as we speed off towards the Condor.

“LTT- 5280”, I inform the condor pilot.  “We are coming in hot!”  We pull into the Condor as we lift off into the atmo.  Command has given the orders to fire off two Pilum torpedoes into the compound.

I wonder if this assault has killed Hain; well at least it has cripples him badly.  I look around at my team; bloody from battle and realize that I now have more to live for.  Yes, this is my job and I know we are the very best at this work.  I have grown wiser to the joys of life; such as love.  For the first time, all I can think of is getting back to the safety of the ship so I can hold my NavHira.  In a weird way, it once was the rush of the mission, the tallying of the body count, and the overall damage that we have cause.  Love has turned me into a wise fool, and I would not trade that for anything.


On The Hunt


The bay door opens and the Condors exit into the blackness of The Abyss.  My love has left the safety of The Glory; to once again place her in harm’s way for the good of the system.  We sit on guard watching and waiting for word of the mission’s progress.  The minutes seem like hours and the hours like days.  I am a nervous wreck; unable to focus on anything but my love.  I pray that the gods keep her safe.

My heart leaps in my chest when I hear the Condors are beginning to dock in the hanger; that the once great hull of The Glory has become.  I can hardly wait another minute to see her again.  I know she is safe; although Duz has been injured.  The announcement from over the ships com-system; it informs of the need to transport Molay and Duz to medical the instant the main hold pressurizes.  We receive them with the mobile med units, and usher them into sick bay immediately.  Twenty nervous minutes pass before word is received on their condition.  They are stable and doing well.  The Captain has order them to rest.

The debriefing is held with a live fee to the negotiation vessel.  The team of infantry will be sent back down to the surface in a few hours to do a more thorough investigation of the ruins that was once Hain’s base.  They will be parting ways with us at this point.  We have a new lead from the information uploaded during the assault.  It looks like we will be making our way to Shara’s home word.  This journey will take us a week thanks to our new thrusters.  We will have to span the full radius of the system to reach Xiulune.

“We sail immediately”, instructs the Captain, “We will make haste to Xiulune.  We will be meeting with an old acquaintance of mine.”

“Sir, our course is set”, begins Pete.  “ISF-1205 Artemis will be ready for our arrival in five days.”

“Captain”, asks Myra.  “Do you mean to say that we are to trust that old smuggler, Reiter?”

“This is correct”, he replies with a smile.  “He owes me a huge favor.”

“Well”, interjects Chief, “At least we will be able to get some of that amazing rum.”

“Chief”, begins the Captain.  “That is for damn sure!  As for now, the order is to set the course, and we will break into shifts.  Myra as Quartermaster I will leave this schedule to you.”

“Aye, Captain”, she replies.  “Pete and I will take us out to the designated lane then First watch will be the Corporal and I if his injuries allow.  Then Pete and Gunny.”

“Very well Lieutenant”, begins the Captain.  “You and Specialist Dylua will handle the security.  Chief you and the Doctor will man the engineering department.”

“Sir”, I ask.  “What about me?”

“Ah, Mr. Eldon”, he turns his attention to my direction.  “You will bounce between Engineering and the Security as needed, but consider your station to be in the AD.”

“Understood Captain”, I reply.  “You can count on me.”

“Alright Crew you have your orders”, informs the Captain.  “I will inform you of any updates.”

We all rise to attention, and salute the Captain.  He looks around the bridge with a very pleased smile as he returns the salute.  “Dismissed”, states the Captain as he exits the bridge with Augustus at his side.

The time has passed in a strange way over the last few days.  It’s always weird when we are on split shifts like this.  The Glory feels so empty, and one looses track of time.  The regular schedule of a twenty-four hour system is disrupted in times like this.  In The Abyss it can be one in the morning, or one in the afternoon; it still would not make a difference.

Shara and I have not had much time to discuss the next step in our relationship.  I have had some time to research the courtship customs of the Danae’Talun.  She calls me her NavHira which translates to the common as life bond and with further examination it translates to the old Venian as Coniux.  I am a little nervous with this word; it makes me feel a bit uncomfortable.  Not because of who is using the word; simply concerned with the fact that I don’t recall having participated in any ceremony cultural, religious, or legal.  It however warms me on this cold night to know that she feels this way about me and introduces me to others as such.  I suppose I should speak with her on this matter before we land on her home world.  I want to know the proper educate before meeting her family.

Alone again, starting out into The Abyss, makes me think back to the night in the helm with Myra.  She mentioned how all alone this vast blackness can make you feel.  Damn this solitude it makes the mind wander; it spawns questions that are, at time, more complex than their answers...it is always black and cold in The Abyss.  We are about forty-eight hours away from Xiulune and the Captain has called us to meet in the Bridge.  We are to be briefed on the latest Intel.  The Captain, Inspector Molay, and Doctor Taggerdt are awaiting our arrival.  Pete and Juusto are exiting the Helm into the bridge as we exit the elevator.

“Good evening crew”, begins the Captain, “We have received information from HQ.  There is a man responsible for a majority of the funding of the vast terror network of Golgotha.  I am sure he is only one of many”, the Captain signals to Pete to display his image on the screens, “His name is Skokiv Rusinae.  He owns many venues and clubs on six different planets and moons throughout the system.  The reason we are heading to Xiulune is that he is sed to be operating out of one of his locations there while overseeing the construction of his latest venture of amusements”, he pauses signaling to Pete to display the next image, “This is his base of operations NakShatrae Khetul Lounge.  It is located on the middle moon of Nuulo not far from the port of CorYlun.”

“Captain”, interjects Shara.  “Dylua and I know this place well.  In our youth we have attended many performances there.”

“This is excellent”, replies Molay.  “So you both are familiar with the layout of this building.”

“Yes”, Shara replies.  “As long as it has not changes over the last seven years.”

“It has not changed at all”, adds Dylua.  “I was just there three months ago for a concert.  It is exactly as it was years ago.”

“The plan will be simple”, states the Captain.  “Lieutenant you and your team will infiltrate the venue as patrons.  Enjoy the show and get close to Rusinae.  Myra you will join them this time.  You see Rusinae is a womanizing retch; despite his hideous appearance.”

“Captain”, asks Myra.  “How does this involve me?  I think the Lieutenant and Specialist Dylua would be irresistible bait.”

“Well, Myra”, answers the Captain.  “Other than piloting the transport it would appear that our target has a fierce lust for women; especially Human women.  This being so far from Vena, you will be an irresistible treat; so to speak.”  The Captain turns his attention to my direction, “Chief, Mr. Eldon, and Pete will pose as venders delivering the liquor for the venue; as well as some bonus rum that we will obtain from Captain Reiter.  You men will hide the weapons in the storeroom while off loading the liquor.  There will be a tracer attached to these cases, for ease of retrieval for the Ladies.  Sergeant Juusto you will provide cover from a nearby roof top.  Corporal Duz will provide communications; as well as the way out via ground transport.  Are there any questions?”

“When is this operation to begin”, asks Shara.

“We reach Xiulune in approximately two days from now”, informs the Captain.  “The concert is to take place three days from then.”

“One last question Sir”, inquires Shara.  “Out of curiosity, which bands will be playing at this venue?”

“It is a rather large event with lots of innocent people”, he informs.  “The two major bands are Voltarum and Bratriv Et Verunt.”

“That’s going to draw quite a large crowd”, Shara states as she stands to face the entire crew.  “This will be very difficult and will require precise timing to avoid any innocent people from being caught up in the crossfire.”

“This is correct Lieutenant”, adds Molay.  “You and your team only have to worry about getting Rusinae out of the building as quickly as possible.  My people will offer full support on the outside.  We will have a more through briefing before the operation is to commence.”

“Back to business”, instructs the Captain.  “We rendezvous with the Artemis in approximately forty hours.  Crew Dismisses.”

Shara, Dylua and I make our way to the galley for a bit to eat before returning to our duties.  The two women are very giddy.  “What’s all the excitement about”, I ask.

“It’s only that Voltarum and Bratriv Et Verunt are our two most favorite bands of all time”, replies Dylua.

“This is true Eldon”, adds Shara.  “However we must not forget that we are on a mission.  Being able to see this concert is only an added bonus.  I don’t know what I am more anxious about; the mission or going home.”

“How long has it been since you were home last”, Dylua asks.

“At least a year since I was on Xiulune last “, she replies.  “But it has been four years since I have been home.”

“Shara”, I ask.  “There is an important matter of a HedYelik.  Please excuse my pronunciation.”

Both women snap there head towards me with wide eyes and open jaws.  “HedYelik”, begins Shara.  “This is correct!  Where have you heard this word?”

“If you both will excuse me”, interjects Dylua with a sly grin.  “I’ll be getting back to duties.  I’ll be at my post if you need me.”

The door to the galley closes behind Dylua.  Shara stairs at me shocked and if you could imagine it; she has managed to turn a whiter shade of pale.

“Eldon, where have you heard this word spoken”, she asks.

“I took it upon myself to research your name for me, NavHira”, I begin.  This is the word for life bond.  This is what you call me and in turn, I use it for you.”

“This is correct my love.  This is the word my race uses to for two people in our position”, she pauses.  “Are you fine with this?”

“I am”, I reply.  “And I want nothing more than to be this to you.”

“My family is very traditional and I am a bit against the grain.  I am firm in my beliefs and in my culture; however I find that some of these traditions are very archaic.  I have great pride in my culture.  The path I have chosen is not what was envisioned for me”, she takes a deep breath.  “My path would have been politics after my career in the military ended.”

“I see so they don’t exactly approve of your position on The Glory”, I ask.

“My mother is the one who still needs to be won over.  My father...well I’m his little girl”, she wipes a tear from her eye.  “My father would have expected nothing less of me in my choice of a NavHira”, her tears turn to laughter.  “My mother is going to freak out!”

“Look, my love”, I state.  “I do not wish to make an awkward situation even more uncomfortable.”

“No, I insist, she would be let down if I didn’t challenge tradition”, she begins with a smirk.  “We will most likely touchdown in the Port city of Sohpilii.  There I will help you find a HedYelik.”

We hold each other in a long embrace; just feeling her breath comforts me.  “So then we will finally make this union official”, I ask.

“You better believe it”, she replies with an enormous smile.  “You had better get your rest.  I’m not sure if a Human can handle the ways of my people.”

We both laugh for a while and then head back out to our posts.  I can’t help but to think about how long it has been since Shara has returned to her home.  Four years, I wonder when the next time I will see Vena or Uncle Ebbum for that matter.  In a weird way, I am at peace with being so far from home.  I know all are well and safe.  I call The Glory home now and my city on Vena my place of origin.  Home will always be home...It always welcomes you back


The Old Seadog


I investigate the two bands set to play the venue in our mission.  First there is Voltarum; they are an interesting Danae’ band.  They have taken the Rockabilly sound of my world and mixed it with the signature Heavy Metal sounds of the Danae’ world.  Their lyrics are in the common tongue.  Now, Bratriv Et Verunt, are pioneers in the music industry.  They are a mix race band.  They have merged the music of the three mother worlds into a homogenous melody.  The Aqualon singer bring a deep baritone sound; with bridges of native chants.  It is like an emotional roller coaster ride for the senses.  I can see how this show will be epic.

We are to dock with the Artemis in an hour.  Chief and I are making the daily rounds of the engine rooms. Chief has grown so incredibly excited.  I cannot resist asking him.  “Chief”, I ask quite puzzled.  “What is all the fuss about?”

“Why Lad”, he begins.  “I have heard that C.J. Norman has made his home aboard the Artemis.”

“I’m sorry but that name doesn’t ring a bell”, I pause to rack my brain.  “Wait C.J. Norman!  I have heard that name before, but can’t recall who he is.”

Chief rolls up the sleeves of his shirt and brandished his arms masterfully covered in beautiful tattoos mostly of woman in sexy costumes.  “This is his work Lad, he is a legend in his field”, he then produces a flask from his back pocket.  “But this is how he and Reiter have become rich”, he takes a long belt then passes it to me.  “This rum is highly prized by all sailing folk.  In my opinion this is the finest in entire system.”

“That is good, and strong”, I reply passing him back his flask.  “I recall having that before”, my mind drifts back as Chief takes another belt, “I believe the first night we met, and when I was on SPR-4 as well.”

“Well Lad, its exquisite taste attracts people from both side of the line of morality”, he offers me another sip but I pass feeling the rum rush to my head.  “My advice to you is to get some ink from him”, he takes one last belt and places the empty flack back into his pocket.  “And buy a few bottles of this spiced, amber nectar.”

That was a great idea Chief just had.  I should get a tattoo...the insignia of The Glory!  This, I will have to think about; however, I should just let the master place a piece of inspiration on my arm.  I have never gotten one, but have always admired them.  I have secretly longed for one, but could never settle on what to get.  This makes perfect sense to me.  As soon as I finish my rounds I will scribble some ideas down.  I rack my brain for a design but drawling was never my niche.  The word of the docking procedures comes over the ship’s com.  The time has passed quickly.  I must have been so engrossed in my failed attempt at art.  Well it looks like I have no choice but to leave it up to the master.  I have seen the art on Chief’s arms many times and I feel very confident in letting him have full artistic license.

The Glory and the Artemis are locked together.  We are welcomed aboard by her Captain, Francis A. Reiter.  He is a medium height Human male who looks to be in his sixties.  He is a husky man with a round bell and a weathered face from years of sailing planetary seas.  A lit pipe is clenched in the corner of his mouth giving him a slanted smile.  One eye is squinted to keep the plumes of cherry scented smoke out of it.

“Well Capin’ Frost ol’ chum”, bellows Reiter.  “Welcome, welcome to your whole crew.”

“Evening, Captain Reiter”, replies Frost.  “You wouldn’t have anything to trade, say for this side of beef; would you?”  Just then Pete lugs half of a semi-frozen, Venian cow into the airlock of the Artemis.

Reiter motions to one of his crew as they pull a dusty tarp off of twenty cases of the very precious rum.  “Grass fed, I see by its color”, Reiter replies with a laugh.  “Shall I have my man bring it across to your vessel?”

Frost inspects the load then opens up a crate and removes two bottles.  “If you would please, your man may bring it across”, he holds up the bottles as with a smile says.  “My crew will need to inspect these two bottles for quality.”

A hearty rumble of laughter fills the cabin as one bottle is passes to Shara and the other to Molay.  Shara breaks the seal on her bottle, pulls out the corked cap, and takes a healthy swig.  Swallowing down the rum she nods with approval; then passes it to me as I take a drink.

Myra taps Molay on the shoulder and asks, “You going to open that bottle Inspector.  There is a thirsty crew waiting.”

“Inspector, you’re welcome to look about if it pleases you”, adds Reiter in a untrusting tone.  “We are operating well within the law, I am well aware of Ussc-221, act-22, Chapter-5.”

“I’m sure you are within your rights Captain”, Molay replies.  “My business is far more important than potential Bootlegging.”

“Come lets us head to the mess hall”, suggests Reiter.  “Rest a while and enjoy the fruits of Ol’ Seadog’s labor.”

“Excuse me Captain”, begins Chief.  “Is he aboard the Artemis?”

“Aye, he be”, replies Reiter.  “Do you wish to have a session with him?”

“Aye, Captain I do”, states Chief.  “And I believe Mr. Eldon does as well.”

With these words Shara looks at me with great surprise.  Reiter calls for one of his men to lead us down into the belly of the Artemis.  This is where Seadog Jeff toils away, day and night, with his assistant.  Together master and apprentice work side by side feeding the great still.  This is a partnership, friendship, and a mentorship all in one.  This is the same relationship I share with Chief.  The deeper we get; the louder the sound of music becomes; as does the clanging cacophony of metal on metal, echoing through the hull.

Finally we arrive at a large room choked with piping running every which way.  Some vent steam by way of the pressure release valves and other drip heavy with condensation.  “Can it be”, I gasp.  “Is the Artemis is powered by steam?” 

“No Lad”, replies Chief.  “This was once the great boiler of a grand seafaring vessel of old”, Reiter’s man points us to the direction of Seadog Jeff and returns to his duties.  “It looks to me, that it now serves the function of a massive still.”

“Very well observed”, croaks a gravelly voice.  “Well, there are two things that would bring a man down here.  Which is it that you require?”

“Well sir”, I begin.  “I suppose it’s both!”

“Good answer”, replies the voice with a great hissing laugh.  “Grab a seat; I’ll be right down.”  The thud of heavy boots against the metal steps reverberates throughout the room.  They become louder the closer he gets; as well as the intense aroma of his pipe smoke.  A spicy smell fills the air.  “So”, booms Seadog as he reaches the last step.  “You men are in need of my services”, he walks to a cabinet against the bulkhead and pulls out a bottle of his rum with four glasses.  “This one is complementary; something we gentlemen will saver as we discuss business.”

Seadog is a man well into his sixties with silver hair streaked with hints of black; that is slicked back into a pompadour.  He wears a clean white t-shirt and well worn jeans that are thickly cuffed at the ankle; exposing his well polished, black engineer boots.  A long ornate chain tethers his wallet to his belt.  He is in good condition for a man of his age.  His arms bare the images of pin-up girls, hula dancers, and folk images of Vena.  He peers at us from behind thick eyeglasses in an even thicker black frame.  His face is weathered from years of sailing the seas.  He is clean shaven except for a very thin black moustache that hugs his upper lip.

He passes us a glass and sets the other two on a table next to his stool.  He begins to pour the rum as his apprentice enters the room.  “Doyle”, he begins.  “You dog; did you smell the rum being poured”, he begins his hissing laugh again.  “Please join us.  This here is...and that there is...well, who you are you men?”

Chief and I stand up, “Sir, we are men that sail with Captain Frost of the Neptune’s Glory.  I am Gumph the chief engineer and bow swain, and this is Eldon my assistant”, Chief quickly removes his shirt to expose his well covered arms.  “This little beauty is one of yours.”

“Ah yes, I remember now”, Seadog pauses to take a sip of rum.  “I gave you that beauty two years ago.  We were on Zenum, at The Zombie Lounge.”

“That’s correct”, he replies raising his glass then shooting it down.  “Now, the Lad and I want something special.”

“That’s correct”, I raise my glass and shoot it down as well.  “We desire something that will represent our ship and our rank aboard her.”

“I have just the thing in mind”, states Seadog.  “Doyle, ready my tools.”

Doyle slams his shot back then quickly prepares the tattooing equipment.  He could have easily passed for Seadog’s son.  The age is right and there sure is a striking resemblance.  Seadog only interrupts his sketching to pours more rum for all of us.  After ten minutes of intense sketching, drinking, and singing; he places the pencil down.  He crosses his arms and leans back in his chain; causing the front legs to lift off the ground.  He lifts his eyes from the sketch and grins.

“OK”, he states.  “Which one of you men is first?”

We decide it best that Chief goes first.  I wonder about the room admiring all the images tapes to the thick steel bulkheads.  They bring life and color to the dark windowless belly of the Artemis.  “Well there is another of my babies”, boasts Seadog.  “I gave you that one five years ago.  We were just out of orbit of Vanikoro.”

“You sure do remember every tattoo”, I reply with amazement.

“They are like my children”, he states.  “Each one is unique and where they were done is just as important to me.”

He mumbles and groans along to the music playing on the antique radio; stopping only to wipe his brow, and take a sip of rum.

“Knock, knock”, sings Myra’s voice.  “I hope we aren’t interrupting.”  Myra and Shara enter the room from behind the labyrinth of pipes.

“I know that beautiful face”, interjects Seadog.  “You, my dear, are my muse.”

“Which one of this ladies do you speak of”, asks Chief.

“The lovely Human”, he replies.  “She has been my inspiration.”

“Seadog, if you could please clarify this statement for us.” demands Myra.

“It was nearly fifteen years ago we were in the Rusty Anchor back in Lunaris Station”, he begins.  “That’s when I first gazed upon your beauty.  I offered you some rum and you wanted a water lily on your right shoulder blade.”

“I remember now”, she exclaims.  “You offered a trade.  You would perform the work for free if you could make drawling of me.”

“Like these ones here”, I state as I point to a section of wall cover in sketches neatly framed.

“You must be honored”, Shara smirks.  “You must be on hundreds of sailors across the system.”

“That’s correct young miss”, he replies.  “Just like this one right here”, he lifts Chief’s arm.  “You make a lovely mermaid.”

“You’re on Chief’s arm”, chuckles Shara as she inspects the image.  “You two do go way back; don’t you?  By the way, he has really captured your sea shells perfectly!  I didn’t know they made mollusk shells in a D-cup.”  Myra and Chief both turn bright red; then we all laugh it off.  I suppose the rum helped to dull the embarrassment.

“OK, Eldon, is it”, states Seadog inquisitively.  “It’s your turn in the hot seat.”

“Be brave my love”, chuckles Shara.  “You gonna get Myra in a in a devil suit”, the room erupts with laughter.

“No, my love”, I begin.  “But maybe you on a mollusk shell, my Venus!”  Her pale complexion grows flush as I take my place in the chair.  “Seadog I am ready”, I state preparing for the unknown.

Shara takes a seat on a bundle of spices; used in the flavoring of the rum and apparently Seadog’s tobacco.  She offers up support in a very odd fashion.  I notice that when she drinks she becomes very funny in a very blunt and somewhat sarcastic manner...I love her for it.  The buzz of the gun signals the point of no turning back.  I start to tense up and I’m immediately scolded for it.  I am told it will only make things worse.  The sensation of a needle scraping my flesh over and over again is agony until all is numb.  Thanks to the endorphins and the rum.

“I don’t understand why you Venian’s feel the need to adorn you bodies with art”, she states.  “We Danae’Talun are born with ours.”

Seadog being a very sly smartass replies, “We are simply trying to mimic your beauty.  They claim that your race is the oldest in the system.”

This statement must have shocked her; because she has become flustered and fumbles for a reply, “Well, we all can’t be your muse.”

“My dear”, replies Seadog.  “Beauty comes in all shapes, sizes, and shades.”

“This is true”, she sates as she rises and kisses my fore head.  “But the thought of willingly allowing your body to be punctured over and over again with a needle injecting color under your skin is a bit barbaric to me.”

“To each their own, live and let live say I”, booms Seadog with pride.  “There is one thing we can agree on...this rum!”

Shara recaps the news from the upper decks.  About eight days ago, the Artemis has stumbled upon some strange activity on the distant moon of JinxYul.  This moon is a frozen wasteland.  There is hardly any reason for anyone to venture there.  It is the frozen equivalent of SPR-4.  Captain Reiter sold a few cases of rum to a group leaving JinxYul about fifteen days ago.  They were very secretive in their business and brief in conversation.  One crew member became a bit chatty after a few shots of rum.  Reiter was able to obtain only that they had a heading towards the system center.  There leader fits the description of Hain.  When Reiter was shown an image of Hain; the ID was a positive.  One of the members of the party was an extremely large and intimidating Aqualon.  This could only have been the Kludge.

We have reason to believe the party had originated from some remote location on JinxYul.  The IPCT has sent out a drone to inspect this lead.  We will have the answer in a few days if Golgotha has a base on the edge of the star system.  If not Golgotha, than who is operating way out there and why?


The Port of Sopharii


All of us feeling good; we head back aboard The Glory.  Chief and I have gotten the same tattoo.  It is a trident, the insignia of The Glory with a gear positioned where the three tines branch out.  The gear has always been a representation of the Engineering department.  Now I bare the markings that tie me to my ship and my station aboard her.  I have learned that the law allows the Artemis to conduct its business; however she must remain outside the borders of an orbit.  If she were to dock at any harbor the stills cannot be running; furthermore there can be no manufacturing or sale of the product.  Having shared a meal with the crew of the Artemis; we now must be on our way down to the surface.

Within three hours we are in the orbit of Xiulune.  Shara and I peer out the large port hold of our room.  “It is a breathtaking view”, I begin.  “Your world is such a hauntingly beautiful sight.”

“It is”, Shara states with a sigh of joy.  “The color is due to the harsh frozen surface.”  She takes a long look and then with some hesitation she continues, “Did you know that the United Academy of Science has determined that we Danae’Talun are the oldest race in the star system?”

“I had read this a few years ago in a news article”, I reply.  “It stated that the Danae’Talun predate all other intellectual life by at least forty thousand years.”

“When my world was still young, and life began to form; Xiulune was much closer to the center of the system”, she informs.  “Over the course of hundreds of millions of years we began to drift further and further out toward the edge of the system.  This was caused by the violent volcanic activity spewing out vast flairs of lava causing our axis to destabilize.  Once the planet stabilized and her moons formed, Xiulune slowed in her retreat from the sun.  Over a millennium she finally settles here.”

“What is your rotational cycle like”, I ask.

“As a result of her slower elliptical revolution around the sun”, she begins.  “One year on Xiulune is nearly two solar cycles on Vena.  Our calendar consists of 651, 29 hour days.  We have 31 days in our 18 primary lunar cycles, and our seasons vary drastically”

“Wait”, I blurt in disbelief.  “So you’re telling me that you are twice as old as your number age!”

“For your calendar this statement is true Eldon”, she begins with a worried look in her eyes.  “My people age slower than Humans; this is due to an evolutionary anomaly.  I am close in age to you but on your world I have existed as long as the Captain.”  Surprised by my reaction she becomes concerned, “Does this change your feelings towards me?”

“Nothing would change my feelings for you, my NavHira”, I say with great conviction.  “Take any doubt from your mind.  We both must have expected to find out some surprising facts about each other that are far beyond our control.  However this still can be a shock to the system.”

“This is true”, she states with a smile.  “However this information can still be unsettling to many of the other races.”

“We both know the risks and challenges we will face.”  I hold her tightly and look deep into her eyes, “I say to Hell with these issues!  Our love will prevail.”

She can see that nothing in this existence will change the way I feel towards her and the consequences that will come with these choices in the future.  Naturally she will well out live me but we will have many good years together.  The Captain calls us to the bridge to prepare for landing.  In twenty minutes we should be in port for a brief layover before heading up The Ly’Cia Canal.

We glide down into the frigid Ke’Raka ocean of Xiulune.  There are vessels that on Vena would be described as tug boats.  They are keeping the shipping lanes free of the ice until one can reach the safety of the harbor.  This is the last of the three home worlds that I have yet to explore.  Chief and I dawn or heavy coats and gloves; heading down to the quarterdeck to hoist the flags we sail under and to cap the ends of the Hammer.

“By the gods”, Chief shivers.  “This is colder than a scorned woman’s glare.  I need to divert more energy to the hull plating.  That should help us from icing up”

“The whole planet can’t be this way”, I ask.

“It’s not”, he replies.  “All of Xiulune’s large city-states are nestled in thousands of volcanic hot spring that have formed vast craters.  Only the upper surface and the open seas are this way.”

“How many times have you been here”, I inquire.

“We have been dozens of times to Xiulune”, he states as he stomps his feet to increase the circulation.  “I have only been to Sopharii three times”, he takes a nip of rum from his flask and passes it to me.  “I absolutely love the food here.”

“Really”, I pause taking a swig then pass the flask back.  “I have only tried one dish that Dylua brought aboard.”

“The spices they use”, he recalls as he rubs his stomach.  “They put a flavorful fire in your belly.  It warms you from the inside out.”

“That sounds great right about now”, I say with a shiver.

“You have to try this drink they have”, he informs.  “It is a clear and peppery.  It is so potent that you have to drink this briny, herbal chaser with it.  I swear when you drink it, it feels as if fire is flowing from your nose.”

“That sounds very painfully, interesting”, I chuckle. 

“That it is Lad!”

We approach the great mouth of the channel that leads into the harbor of Sopharii; as the fading sun light causes a purple hue on all the visible ice.  The sun is setting behind the cliffs casting a shadow over all; giving the appearance of it being darker than it actually is.  It feels, as if we are being swallowed up by the cliffs as we pass under the grand archway that frames the harbor tunnel.  The dark rocky walls give way to a grand cavern.  We navigate through the subterranean expanse; with a strange luminous glow guiding our way.  Other vessels pass us as they make their way back out to the open sea; the tunnel serpentines for a few kilometers.  Finally we emerge; greeted by the lights of Sopharii.  They begin to illuminate the terraced hill side.

The temperature had begun to climb as we made our way through the tunnel.  I find, to my surprise, that in the harbor it is amazingly comfortable.  It is a different word within the crater.  It has to be 21 degrees Celsius.  It has gone from and extremely bitter, cold winters night; to an enjoyable summers evening.  This world is an incredible enigma.  I still can’t help, but to feel as if I have been in this harbor before.  There is that old feeling of Déjà vu creeping in.  The smell in the air, the image of the harbor; I can’t help, but to feel as if I have visited this place at some time in my life.  Then I remember the Captain’s theory on this anomaly.  It is fates way of ensuring that you are on the correct path.  I certainly hope so; for I am about to take another big step in my life.

The city is carved out of the sloping walls of the crater.  The streets snake and twist their way from the water to the upper most buildings.  The streets are studded with ornate statues and fountains commemorating heroic events throughout the ages.  The buildings feature grand marble pillars and elaborate wrought iron gates.  Long flowing draperies rustle in the warm, gentle breeze.  The lights of city would flow endlessly towards the heavens if it weren’t for the 1kilometers section of shadowy rock between the city and the surface rim.  This border cuts across the starry sky like a black ribbon.

“Drop Anchor”, commands the Captain over the com-link.  “Chief, please prepare the skiff.”

“Aye, Captain”, he replies.  “Come on Lad; let’s get out of these jackets.”

“You don’t have to tell me twice”, I say with great joy.

There is some chatter over the com system.  Dylua has invited to take the crew to one of her most favorite areas of the city.  Shara reminds me of our quest for my HedYelik.  The Captain and Molay will be headed to the magistrate’s office The Doctor has asked to join them.  She has agreed to watch over Augustus.  They will obtain the necessary supplies and have them loaded into the hanger.  According to our contract we are to be granted all requested supplies; within reason.

I bring the first group ashore and Chief returns to bring the remainder over.  We split into three different groups.  “Come my love”, informs Shara.  “We have much to do and time is short.”  She takes my hand and leads me up the well maintained cobble stone street.  We make our way to a building that is reminiscent of a drugstore on Vena.  “This is the apothecary where you will find the first of the three items you seek.”  She looks at me then instructs, “You will need a decanter of the highly praised Linum flower oil.”

I approach the counter and am greeted by an ancient woman.  “Excuse me, Madame”, I begin.  “Do you speak the common tongue?”

“I do speak a bit young Sir”, she replies.  “What may I help you with?”

“I require a bottle of you finest Linum flower oil”, I state.

“Oh, I have the perfect one right over here”, she turns to climb a step stool allowing her to reach a very ornate bottle from the enormous wall of shelves.  “So young Human, has a special Danae’Talun girl stolen your heart?”

“Yes Madame”, I blush.  “You speak the truth.”

“Well, the best of luck to you”, she wishes as I pay her for the oil.

Next, we head to the market.  I am told that the second item is a prized on any planet.  “You will need a crystal of salt approximately ten centimeters in diameter”, Shara informs.

“I could have gotten some of the best salt in the system from Maris”, I reply.

“This is true Eldon”, she begins.  “However this is not for eating.  It is symbolic and needs to be harvested from the rock of this planet.  It is best to find one with a slight amethyst hue.  Tradition states that it should reflect the color of the markings of the one you seek.”

We get the needed salt and head to the final stop.  We pass by the food stalls of the market; as the aroma of fiery seasonings dance in the air.  These must be the spices that Chief was talking about.  I cannot wait to try some of this food.

“OK Eldon, this is our final stop then you will have your HedYelik.”

“Excellent”, I look at the store.  “Shara this is a liquor store.”

“True, it is and they will have the final piece to the gift”, she states.  “It is a special liquor make from the Sambucus flower.  This is highly praised and is meant as a gesture of celebration after the acceptance of the union.”

“Isn’t that presumptuous”, I ask.

“Eldon, you must sell this HedYelik with conviction”, she informs in a very serious tone.  “Do not doubt yourself or all will be lost.  You must present the offering as if you know the answer will be positive.”

“I Understand”, I reply with a nervous smile.

“My mother is the one you will have to convince.”  She pauses to find the proper words, “We Danae’Talun are a people steeped in honor.  We are peaceful people; however in combat we are extremely fierce, most notably, we females.”  She looks me deep in the eyes and continues, “Our society is not like yours.  It is opposite than that of Vena’s; Xiulune is a matriarchal society

“I understand my love”, I say with conviction.  “I will not fail you.”

I secure the ornate bottle of clear liquor with a slight golden glow.  We meet up with the others and enjoy a tasty treat at Dylua’s favorite spot in the city.  Chief was right this is the most complexly flavored food to ever grace my mouth.  I enjoy some sort of meat on a skewer, which has been grilled over an open flame.  I am told that it is the flesh of a large bison, like creature that is suited to the extreme temperatures on the surface tundra.  The YaSigir is enormous compared to the bison of Vena.  It is covered in a thick blanket of hair with thick leathery plates of armor on the exposed areas that runs along its back.  It has two sets of horny growths protruding from its great head, and a long thick paddle type tail.

“Hey Sis”, addresses Dylua.  “Do you recall the time when we went hunting for YaSigir?”

“Oh yes”, replies Shara.  “You are referring to your first hunt?”

“That is the one”, she states.  She then turns to the rest of us to explain, “We Danae’Talun have a traditional hunt that we participate in when we are entering adolescence.  The hunt is sponsored by the adult females and groups are organized by our voting districts.  This is essentially the first time we would venture to the vast frozen expanses of wilderness that is the upper surface of Xiulune.  Now, Shara is a few years older than I, and had already taken place in her own Ke’Nazae years earlier.  The traditions state, any woman who has participated in this hunt, is welcome to join.  In spite of the advanced weapons we have at our disposal; we may only use the traditional ArIka to drop the beast”, she pauses to explain that this is a crossbow type weapon that requires a mechanical crank to draw it’s string, “We had tracked a heard of YaSigir for three days out past The Arch of Ane’Moi.”

“The hunt takes place on the summer solstice; when the surface is more inhabitable”, informs Shara.  “This would be suicide if this were attempted outside of our summer season.” 

“We finally came upon this heard; as Shara and I positioned ourselves for the kill”, continues Dylua.  “I had taken my first shot; landing a hit to the beast’s neck about 50 centimeters below the bulls right ear into a major artery.  I began to reload my weapon as it charged us.  Shara began to aim for her shot.”

“There is a moment in your life when you are convinced that you may very well die”, interjects Shara.  “I took aim for the same spot that Dylua had landed her shot.  Something must have happened to my bolt.  The shaft must have had a crack in it that had allowed frost to settle in.  I pulled the trigger and the shaft exploded into splinters.  If it were not for my thick jacket, I would have been injured badly by the shrapnel.  More seriously the bull charged ever closer to our location.  Dylua had reloaded her weapon, and she took aim.  She landed a hit deep into the beast’s neck causing it to stumble.  It still continued towards us with great momentum.  We were in no less danger than before; I drew my TaLava”, she pauses placing her hand on the hilt of her giant knife.  “I clasped it between my boots locking the cross-guard against my heels.  I clung tight to the pommel and Dylua rolled into me.  The YaSigir struck us and my blade pierced its left eye, letting out a horrific cry.  It pushed us 10 meters before it finally collapsed.”

“We had survived”, continues Dylua as she stands on her seat.  She turns her back towards us, and begins to pull her shirt off, “I too was saved by my thick jacket.  The YaSigir’s horn struck me when it crashed into us.  This is the scar I carry with me as a reminder of this event.”  Her slender torso displays a jagged pink scare that interrupts the beauty of her blue makings.  It is nearly 20 centimeters in length.  We sit in silence gazing at this reminder of how these two women were nearly killed.

“Crew”, interrupts the Captain from over the communicator, snapping us back to reality.  “Please begin to make your way back to the skiff; we will be sailing up The Ly’Cia Canal at 04:00.”

“Aye, Captain”, Shara replies.  “We are all together and the message is understood.”

I feel so full; if I eat one more thing, my belly will burst.  Chief has food wrapped in a container to bring with him.  “I have never seen so much food and drink consumed by such a small man, that is”, jests Pete

“I still can drink any of you Aqualons under the table any day”, grumbles Chief.

“Is that because you are only a few centimeters taller than the table”, Pete cackles.

“Watch it you tall bugger”, warns Chief in a joking tone.  “You’ll get a head butt to the bollocks.”

The whole group erupts with laughter.  This is the first time since Maris that the relaxed playful feeling has returned to the group.  We begin to make our way back to the dock.  Dylua and Shara lead the way with me right behind them; followed by the rest of the crew laughing and enjoying the beautiful evening.

“Are you ready to do this”, asks Dylua.  “We will be home in just a few hours.”

“I am as ready as I will ever be”, replies Shara.  “I am a bit more nervous for Eldon.”

“Should I be worried”, I ask.  “I don’t handle these things well.”  I don’t quite know how to react to her comment.  Yes they are just people, but I want them to be content with this union; as well as not making a tense situation any worse.

“Just relax Eldon”, smirks Dylua in a reassuring tone.  “Just remember they are family”, she pauses.  “If they reject your offer, tradition states that you will have to face the JanaVara in single combat!”

“JanaVara”, I inquire.  “What in the gods is that?”

“JanaVara is a deadly feathered serpent”, she informs with a chuckle.  “It lives in The Great Pit of Du’Kah.”

“Eldon”, begins Shara.  “She is just joking with you.”

I glare at Dylua as she mouths to me that it is real nodding her head assumingly.  Then she sticks her tongue out at me in a taunting manner.  We work our way back down to the skiff; where we are shortly joined by the Captain, Molay, and the Doctor with Augustus.  “Shall we begin our departure”, states the Captain.  “Chief, if you wouldn’t mind taking the first group across.”

“Aye Sir “, he replies as he enters the skiff securing his bundle of food.

I would not mind at all making this place my home.  In many ways it is a lot like my city on Vena.  This is all very exciting to me and I hope that one day, soon, I can show Shara my city.  I hope she will be amazed in the same way I am with this exotic place.


An Overdue Homecoming


Back aboard The Glory filled with supplies, and ready to turn in for the night.  We will be beginning our journey up The Ly’Cia Canal to Araphii in just six hours.  It is to take us just around four hours.  The speed is regulated in the canal and in some sections as low as 10 knots so it will be slow going; Shara doesn’t seem to mind.  I believe that this will be a great way to see the planet.

The days here are so incredibly long; it may only be five hours longer than on Vena, but I can feel it.  It is nearly 27:00, and we are set to depart at 04:00 Xiulune time.  That doesn’t give us much time to rest.  We turn in for a few hours; neither of us can sleep well.  Our nerves are getting the better of both of us.  We finally give in and rise to prepare for the day.  An announcement form the bridges inform us that our departure is in an hour; just enough time for us to shower and enjoy some coffee.

We make our way to the quarter deck as the harbor begins to narrow to the width of the canal.  The sun begins to cast its pale glow at the top of the ridge.  I notice the water has a strange luminosity.  “What is this”, I ask.  “Is the sea glowing?”

“Oh that”, replies Shara.  “There are high levels of quinine in the fresh water on Xiulune.  It naturally glows when in contact with UV light.”

“Quinine”, I state very puzzled.  “We use that chemical compound to flavor tonic water on Vena.”

“Well it is in the water here naturally”, she informs.  “It gives it a slight bitter taste that is normal to me.  It is not advised for any one not born of Xiulune to drink the water in large quantity, at least in an unfiltered state.”  We spend a lot of time on deck taking in the view.  Shara coaches me on the proper etiquette on handling the delicate situation we will be facing when we arrive at The House of Ti’Shetal.  “Remember this is important”, she begins.  “However the final decision has no bearing on the outcome of our relationship.  You are my NavHira no matter what their approval is.”

“Even if the offerings are rejected by your mother”, I ask with saddens in my eyes.

“I have always done what I wanted”, she states with a devilish smirk.  “I have lived my life as I wanted; not as is expected of me”, her eyes flash with fiery conviction, “I will continue to do so; with or without their blessing.”

“I am going to do my damnedest to make it work, anyway I can”, I say with great conviction.  “Please continue with the tutorial.”

“The first thing to do once we settle in is to get you a proper suit for the occasion”, she begins.  “And I will make sure it abides by Danae’Talun tradition.”  This is adding up quickly, but you can’t put a price tag on love.  “I‘m excited to return home.”  She then states, “And very apprehensive all at the same time.”

I gently place my index finger to her lips; making a hush sound.  I try to keep he mind from making things worse.  She looks at me with her glowing amethyst eyes; that seem to pierce right into my soul as I say. “My love for you is true, and if your parents can’t accept that; then there is no convicting them of anything.”

“Eldon, I have commanded many dangerous operations”, she begins.  “This is the one thing that has completely terrifies me.”

“Just try to relax”, I reassure.  “Breath in the air and know I love you.”

These words seem to help a bit in calming her down.  I try to redirect the conversation to the sights we pass; asking of their history.  The canal is named for the original settlement that now is scattered all along the walls that frame the canal.  The shear walls are studded with buildings carved right into the stone.  The one thing I have notice, all over the system, is that life’s little in’s and out’s, are the same no matter where you are.  I see people scurry about making their way up from the water’s edge back to their homes.  This reminds me a bit of the high-rises in my old neighborhood back in New Vandenberg.  Aside from the small difference, life is the same on any planet.  We are all just people doing our best to scratch out a decent live and be happy.

The canal is, for the most part, a straight path with few locks and off shoots leading to other cities.  The morning is crisp and the smell of wood smoke perfumes the air.  The light sent of cherry tobacco mingles with the morning from the quarter deck where the Captain is reclining in a chair; with faithful Augustus by his side.  I don’t want to miss a single sight.  On the other hand I don’t want to rush to my meeting with Shara’s parents.

The Canal gives way to the spectacular harbor of Araphii.  The city is an architectural splendor.  There are many statues and fountains that can be seen from the harbor studding the streets of the city.  We dock and once again the skiff is lunched to shuttle us across.  This time we bring our bag with us.  We are to be guest in the house of Ti’Shetal.  Shara’s family is well known and highly respected; not just in Araphii but in many surrounding cities as well.

We begin to make our way to the neighborhood where Shara’s family home is located.  We are traveling in various cable gondolas.  They are like a version my world subway system.  They lead to all sections of the city; without taking away from its beauty.  They elevate us up the slope of the crater.  Shara’s mother Mu’Upahdum Luyria Ti’Shetal is a very powerful woman.  The title Mu’Upahdum is equivalent to a superior court judge on Vena.  Now I understand why she is nervous to face her; not to mention that I feel like a convicted man facing his sentence.  Her father, Mu’Gurum Basharn Ti’Shetal, is a published poet and teacher of philosophy at the cities university.

We take a trolley to the nearest cross street.  It is just a few minutes’ walk to the gates of her childhood home.  This is one of the most magnificent structures my eyes have ever gazed upon; the ornate wrought iron gate, the columns of polished stone, and the manicured gardens.

“This is your home”, asks Myra.

“Why yes”, she replies.  “This is where my family has lived for centuries.”

We are greeted by an old and gentle looking man.  “By the gods the rumors are true”, he says as he clasps his hands together in joy.  “YuWatii Shara, you have come home!”

“Hello Danusho”, she drops her bag and hugs the man.  “You are looking well, you haven’t aged a day.”

“You on the other hand, only have become more and more beautiful”, he smiles.  “I am glad to see that our expected guests are you and your friends.”

He turns towards a braided rope by the door way and pulls it causing a large bell to ring.  Three other men arrive in a matter of seconds to take our bags up to our rooms. We follow Shara and Danusho through the cavernous atrium and up the grand staircase.  We learn that Danusho is like an uncle to Shara.  He has been employed by the Ti’Shetal’s for fifty of their years.  He displays much loved for Shara, and it is not hard to see that she loves him as a member of the family.

We arrive to the wing of the manor where our rooms are located.  Danusho excuses himself to oversee the preparations for this evening’s dinner party.  Shara knocks on my door as she rushes in.  She kisses me deeply then looks me in the eye.  “There is one last thing you need to tend to”, she informs.  “Take this letter and give it to the tailor.  I have sent the direction to your communicator.”

“I take it you’re not going with me”, I state.

“No, I must remain here”, she informs.  “I believe a bribe of food and drink will ensure that Chief will be up for the adventure”, she smiles then kisses me again.  “I also sent the direction to one of my most favorite places for breakfast.”

“I will return ready to look like a proper suitor”, I say with my head held high.

“Good luck my love”, she wishes me with another kiss.

“Good luck to you as well”, I reply.  “I will see you later...I love you!”

“I love you too”, she whispers as she bats her bright eyes.  “Now get a move on.”

“Aye, Lieutenant”, I joke with a salute as she smirks back at me.

I go next door to Chief’s room where he and Pete are out on the balcony that looks down into the court yard of the home.  “Can I convince you men to join me on a mission for food and drink?”

“We were just discussing that very thing”, informs Pete.  “We were gonna ask Dylua or Shara if they knew of any place.”

“Shara has sent me the directions and it comes highly recommended”, I inform.

“Well Lads”, interjects Chief.  “What are we waiting for?”

We are off; I decide to take the letter to the tailor’s first.  Then reward them for their patience with the food and libations.  I know if we go to the tavern first we will never get to the tailor’s.  We walk to our destination.  We must be a sight to see a Human, a Dwarf, and an Aqualon roaming the morning streets of Araphii.  “Lad”, begins Chief.  “I hate to tell you this is a tailor’s shop not a tavern.”

“Oh yes”, I laugh nervously.  “I forgot to mention I just have to deliver this letter and will only be a few minutes then our destination is just around the corner.”  They wait outside growing hungrier with every passing minute.  They are such an odd pair at first glance; a Dwarf and an Aqualon.  The system’s tallest and shortest races together; just watching them through the window of the shop is like some bizarre comedy act.

“Good morning, SubHa BekHat”, greets the Tailor in both the common and native tongue from behind a half opened curtain.  “I will be right with you, Sir.  MaZum pul HetSu, ZoTer”, the tailor emerges from a back room, and asks, “How may I be of assistance to you today young Human?”

“Yes, good morning Sir”, I say as I feel a bit out of place.  “I have been instructed to give you this letter.”

The well groomed and sharply dressed man with a very pail complexion opens the letter.  He begins to read it as he presents an ornate monocle from his vest pocket.  He stops with a shock and looks at me with his bright lavender eyes.  He asks me to turn around, and then to stand on the platform in front of several mirrors.  He walks over to me, takes out his tape measure, and begins his work stopping only to jot down notes and to replace an occasional lock of black hair that has fallen during his work.

“So, Eldon”, he begins.  “You wish to become my dear little sister’s life bond.”

“Your sister”, I ask.  “I didn’t realize you are Shara’s BarNam.”

“Yes”, he replies.  “I am her eldest sibling.  My name is Johar.”

“Well, Johar, I do wish to become your sister’s life bond”, I state proudly.  “I am in need of this suit so I may present my HedYelik tonight at the dinner party.”

“I like you Eldon”, he says as he smiles slyly.  “If my sister approves of you, than I know you are a righteous man.  I will create for you a masterpiece of fabric.  I will need a few hours.”

“Thank you”, I reply.  “I will return by 13:00 to try it on.”

“That will be plenty of time”, replies Johar.  “I shall see you then.”

I exit the shop to find my shipmate goofing off to pass the time.  “What were you doing getting measured for a suit”, ask Pete.

“Wait a minute”, interjects Chief in a very serious manner.  “You’re not sick are you?  You’re not planning on kicking?”

“No”, I chuckle at this puzzling statement.

“Oh”, says a shocked Pete.  “He is gonna do the other thing.”

“You’re getting hitched”, blurts Chief as he almost falls over.  “You are gonna take that leap of faith with Shara?”

“Yes”, I reply.  “However it is different from the Nuptiae on Vena.”

“Call it what you will Lad”, replies Chief.  “You’re still getting hitched!”

“Now come on”, I blurt out.  “We have food and drink to tend to.”

This quickly changes the subject before any words of wisdom can be uttered.  We turn the corner to make our way down a tight alley; down a few steps, and into an open door.  We enter the room to be met by the feeling of complete relaxation.

“Welcome travelers and guest to our fair city”, greets a beautiful woman.  “Are you gentlemen in search of some refreshments?”

“Yes, fair miss”, replies Chief.  “Do you have some seating out in the open air?”

“Yes, my establishment offers a breathtaking view”, she says as she comes around the counter.  “Please, follow this way.”

She leads us through the cafe.  The rooms are connected by tunnel like halls.  This place has been carved out of the rock of the crater.  Part of it has been built up using that same rock.  We reach a room, very reminiscent of a great covered porch; like the ones featured on old homes back on Vena.  We take a low table next to the ornate railing.  The porch looks out over the entire section of city giving a clear view of the harbor and its strange luminescent water.  We settle in as I notice Chief whisper something to the woman as she leaves the room.

“Seeing as this is a big day for you Lad”, begins Chief.  “I have arranged a spectacular feast.  I have explained to the lovely women, your situation.  She told me to relax and she would handle the menu.”

A few minutes pass as she returns; this time with two helpers.  First we start off with a tall slender glass of a fizzing elixir.  This is the same one that I had with Shara aboard The Glory.  I am told that this is the Xiulune version of my world’s coffee.  Next are glasses of this hot tea like concoction; that is strong, sweet and well spiced.  The food begins to arrive starting with lighter offerings such as fresh fruit and delicate baked goods.  The courses to follow become hardier.  There are some dishes of meats and vegetables all well seasoned in the true Xiulune fashion.

We eat and enjoy for hours.  Finally the main dish is presented before us.  This is the same dish that Dylua shared with us in the galley of The Glory.  This is a ground, spiced mixture of meat; that is wrapped up inside a type of pastry.  I can see how Danae’ can grow home sick for this dish.  The hookah is replenished with fresh coals as the much heard of peppery alcohol makes an appearance.  The woman enters with a cart and begins to pass out a short, stout glass and a tall slender glass filled with crushed ice.

“This is our special house blend of Yaba’Tupu”, she informs as she presents a large glass vessel with a pour spout at the base.  “And here is a carafe of Chaca’Su.”

The woman departs; leaving this vat of clear alcohol.  A knurly looking root floats within it.  Pete being seated closest; begins to fill out glasses.  The mustardy, pungent aroma of the Yaba’Tupu reaches our noses.  Chief pours the briny, herbal liquid over the crushed ice; reminiscent of the smell of fresh pickles.

“Well Lad”, Chief begins.  “This will burn any doubt out of you and shiver away all fears.”

“To the future”, adds Pete.  “And to a man who is braver than the two of us.”

We shoot down the Yaba’Tupu and it has a floral peppery bite, but then the sensation of fire explodes in the nose causing the eyes to water slightly.  We all reach for the Chaca’Su to help ease the burn.  The salty, herby, freshness cuts through the bite.  This truly is an addicting sensation.  It hurts so good; the balance of pleasure and pain.  We enjoy this until it is time for me to try on the fruits of Johar’s labor.

The bill is settled and we stumble back out of the alley and around the corner to Johar’s shop.  “Ah, BarNam Eldon”, he smiles.  “Please, this way, so you may try on this masterpiece of fabric.”  I follow him into the back room and he closes the curtain allowing me to try on the suit.  He then enters to make any final adjustments.  “Ah, a perfect fit”, he exclaims.  “The fabric is formal but not to stuffy, and the color is just right for this occasion.  I have chosen some accents that will match my loving sister’s eyes.”

“This is amazing”, I reply.  “This is the nicest suit I have ever worn, and so comfortable.”

“I am glad you are satisfied”, he smiles.  “May it bring you luck tonight.  Consider this a gift from me to the both of you.”

“Thank you Johar”, I state with great joy.  “I must be on my way back to your home.  I look forward to seeing you this evening.”

The three of us make our way back to Ti’Shetal Manor.  With my new suit carefully covered in a monogrammed garment bag we board a cable car and ascend back to our destination.  I still have to wrap the gifts in appropriate coverings.  My mind is beginning to race a bit.  I know we still have nearly seven hours until the dinner party.  This just doesn’t seem like enough time to get everything ready.  OK, relax don’t get all worked up for nothing.  Your friends will help you.


The Dinner Party


Well rested, bathed and polished; I am as prepared as I will ever be.  There is a knock on my balcony door.  I open it to find Chief dressed in his finest.  He offers any last minute help I may need.

“This will help to steady your nerves Lad”, he states as he passes me his flask for a snort.

“Thank you”, I reply as I pass it back to him.  “They need a little steadying right about now.”

“Remember Lad, you got this”, he says as he places his hand upon my shoulder.  “You have come a long way; both physically and in spirit.  Now there are just a few more steps to take.  Let’s be off to the dining room to meet our hosts.”

We head down the stairs to find the rest of the crew gathered in the atrium.  Everyone is dresses to the nines.  The Ladies are wearing very elegant saree; The Captain, Duz and Juusto are clad in their finest dress uniforms. Molay, Pete and Chief are looking quite debonair in their suits.  This is the first time anyone has seen me in my new suit.  Shara is so breathtakingly beautiful.  I can tell by the look in her eyes; she approves of her brother’s work.  Just as we reach the bottoms of the stairs Danusho greets us in front of the grand doors of the dining hall.

“Ready my love”, Shara asks.  “You will be introduced to my parents.  You will hand the oil and salt to my mother and the bottle to my father.  Remember contrary to Vena this is a matriarchal society.  My mother is to be addressed directly.”

“I understand my love” I reply with a nervous smile.  “I remember the words I must say.”

“Beloved guest”, begins Danusho.  “If you all would please follow me; our most gracious hosts are awaiting.”

We begin to enter; first is Shara.  There are words exchanged in the native tongue.  What I can observe by the hand gestures and body language; it appears to be joyous and a most welcomed home coming.  Then the crew is introduced, starting with the Captain; followed by Molay and Doctor Taggerdt.  I am set to be introduced last.  I walk tall and proud down to the front of the dining hall; reminding myself not to slouch.  I approach Mu’Upahdum and Mu’Gurum.  They are flanked by Johar and his life bond Melis who is a commander in the city’s law keepers, on the left.  On the right is, who I can only assume to be, Tambu with his life bond Fayma.  I hand the two gifts to Mu’Upahdum Luyria, and say with direct eye contact.

“HepSativu bu belirteri haru ve beni kalpu”, I recite as I pass the bottle to Mu’Gurum Basharn.

The room is deathly silent awaiting the approval of Luyria.  I swear I am throbbing from the beating of my own heart.  I feel my face becoming flush, my palms sweaty, and my mouth is dry.  I still stand with confidence; my head held high.

“Eldon Samuelson of Vena”, deliberates Luyria.  “I have had many bouts with Shara on the path that she has chosen for her life.  In the end she is still my child”, she looks around the room at the party.  “I understand times have changed.  We are no longer faced with the issues of my neighboring city or territory.  It has shifted to my neighboring planet, and perhaps one day, my neighboring star system”, she looks at Basharn.  “I have realized in the past few years that one must accept the fact that our paths are not written by our elders, but by something far greater.  Love and death are the two thing that unit all life in this system.  With these words you have received our approval.  Love will join you both even beyond the void of death.”

“I pledge my life as well as my immortal soul to Shara”, I state in a booming tone.

“Well played son”, congratulates Basharn.  “You may take your place next to your NavHira.”

The room erupts with cheers.  I can’t believe the proposal was accepted.  I take my place next to Shara as she kisses me freely in front of everyone.  No more keeping this hushed; we are free to live our lives as one.  We stand until our hosts take their places.  Then we follow as glasses of the liquor, that I presented, are passes out for a toast to be given by Shara as tradition commands.

Shara with raised glass in hand, “I am happy to know that after all these years, home is always welcoming.”  She pauses as emotion begins to show, “This is to the bond of family, everyone in this room is family to me.”  She looks at me, “To new beginnings!”

The room is filled with the echoes of responses and congratulations as we toss back our drinks.  The taste, like its aroma, is floral with notes that are reminiscent of fruits common during the autumn harvest on Vena.  The food begins to arrive.  There are many types of roasted root type vegetables served alongside of roasted meats of strange and unknown origins to myself.  They are delicious none the less; not to mention that everything is highly seasoned with spices, sweet and savory alike.  The dinner goes late into the evening; when there is an offering of retiring to the courtyard for hookah and digestifs.  Shara advises that we turn in to celebrate in a more romantic and private fashion.

We make our way up to our room.  I open the door to find, what must be, a hundred candles burning as sweet smoke of incents wafts in the air of the room.  The three moons beam in through the skylight.  “Eldon this is the moment that both of us have longed for”, begins Shara as she lets down her hair.  “The time to solidify our relationship has arrived.  I have longed to ravage you”, she whispers with gleaming eye.  “To set you ablaze with the fiery passion that burns for you, within my entire body.  Now you will know the ways of the Danae’Talun”, she utters as her saree slips from her body.  “Come and claim you prize!”

Now I am somewhat of an old soul, and a hopeless romantic.  I am also a hot blooded male all at the same time; however there are some things that are not to be shared with others.  All that is needed to be known is that our relationship has been consummated.  Furthermore I don’t think I could even begin to find the word to describe the intense pleasures we share...by the gods, now I know what it means to be alive!

The signs of morning begin to creep through the skylight and the balcony door.  The sweet smell of the crisp morning air fills my lungs.  I begin to ready for the day as my love begins to stir.  “Good morning, my NavHira” I whisper grinning from ear to ear.  “I hope I didn’t disturb you.”

“Good morning”, she replies.  “No my NavHira you have not disturbed me.”

“There is a message from the Captain for me”, I begin.  “It looks as if the plan is in play.  I will be leaving with Chief and Pete to deliver the rum and plant the weapons for you and the team.”

“When are you set to leave”, she asks.

“Not till later this afternoon”, I reply.

“Good”, she hisses.  “Then we have time for breakfast together.”

“Is there any place in particular you want to go”, I ask.

“I know you went there yesterday with the men, but I really want to go”, she states with pleading look.  “I have not been for several years.”

“Of course we can go”, I reply.  “But only if you will first join me for a steam shower.”

We indulge in the natural gift of the volcanic hot springs that make the craters so comfortable.  Then back to the little oasis to dine on another feast in a similar fashion; as the one I enjoyed with Pete and Chief.  Then I will be departing on my mission; we will be airlifted from a nearby air field where we will be taken to Nuulo.  There we will deliver our load of booze to restock the lounge for the big event.  This should be very quick and easy.


Tripping a Blind Man
As witnessed by Lieutenant Ti’Shetal


Eldon and the men depart in a shuttle supplied by the IPCT.  The shuttle is transporting them and their decoy truck to the NakShatrae Khetul Lounge on Nuulo.  They will proceed with a liquor delivery posing as venders.  The goal is to smuggle the weapons, hidden in with some of the bonus rum they are carrying.  Now I know how my NavHira feels when I depart on a mission.  The nerves grow in my stomach, but I know he will be safe.

The Glory makes her way back out to open oceans.  The goal is to be in orbit by the time their shuttle reaches the orbit of Nuulo.  There, we will await their return; then it will be my turn.  “Crew”, begins the Captain.  “The Inspector has informed me that the shuttle has successfully touched down.  The delivery truck should be returning for departure within two hours.”

“Captain”, I inform.  “My team will be ready to depart in two hours.”

“Excellent”, he replies.  “Please begin your briefing.”

“The plan is a simple bait and switch; as easy as tripping a blind man” I begin.  “We depart within five minutes of the returning transport.  Gunny will take his perch in this building here”, I point out on the digital image.  “Here you will be able to monitor all in arriving and exiting traffic.”

“Understood Lieutenant”, he replies.  “Will we have an additional support from IPCT?”

“Yes, there will be a team in place on standby as well as supplying additional surveillance”, I inform.  “Duz you will pose as our limo driver.  Once you drop us at the door you will abandon the limo and make your way to the transport positioned here.  You will remain in the ground transport as the eyes and ears of the entire team.”

“Lieutenant, I can do more if needed”, he interjects valorously.

“Thank you Corporal”, I reply.  “However that won’t be necessary.  We need you at this post, and besides I won’t jeopardize your safety so foolishly.  You are still healing and have limited use of your right arm.  Dylua, Myra, and I will enter the club as patrons.  There we will wait for Skokiv Rusinae’s arrival.”

“He is expected to arrive to discuss an upcoming project with some investors”, Informs the Captain.  “You must get to him before the investors arrive.  I know that the bait will be hard for him to pass up, but timing is crucial.”

“The Captain is correct”, I add.  “If we are too late we won’t be able to get him alone for long enough.  Once he is in his office we will make our way into the liquor storage located here.  Conveniently enough it is positioned next to a rest room so it will be easy to blend in with other patrons.”

“So what do we do next”, asks Myra looking a bit nervous.

“We make our way into his office by any means possible”, I state looking at a worried Myra.  “Don’t worry, leave all the nasty work to us; we are trained at this.  Once inside I need you to just play along with whatever is thrown your way, and again don’t worry about your safety, it will not be compromised.  Once he is distracted Dylua will hit him with a dose of Midazolum.  That’s when Duz will be waiting, just outside with a ride out.”

“Lieutenant”, asks Duz.  “What type of vehicle will be available for extraction?”

“The IPCT has arranged a local municipal trash collection truck to be waiting, stationed within the lot”, I inform.  “It has been converted to hold all the surveillance equipment within, and has been covered with armored plating.  When we begin our way to retrieve the weapons; you will make your way to this location shown here and await my word.  Are there any other questions”, I look around the room.  “Good!  We will be informed when the shuttle is on its way back to The Glory.”

“Crew”, Informs the Captain.  “There is one last bit of information I have just found out myself.  The IPCT probe has sent us these images”, the recording begins to display.  “It appears there is a rather large plant of some sort that is in full operation around the clock.  We will be joined by a new class of vessel the USSG Cataclysm.  She is part of Project Nibiru headed up by Doctor Joshua Hadron.”

“By the gods”, blurts Doctor Taggerdt.  “They finally completed Project Nibiru!  I have heard talks that they were in the final stages of her proving.  The Cataclysm is to be the first followed by her sisters The Ragnarok and The Purgatorius.  They are not ships...they are flying artillery!”

We learn that we will escort The Cataclysm to the location of this production plant.  Its mission is, for lack of a better term, is to reduce this target to ashes.  The plant is confirmed as a haven for Golgotha and known associates.  One can only imagine what they have constructed within its massive confines.  Then there is something that the Doctor mentioned while studding the layout of the complex.  She was convinced that one of the buildings was constructed in the fashion of housing the energy source used in the new Gateway drive that her team was working on.

We ready for the mission.  Dylua and Myra come to my cabin to apply the finishing touches to our outfits.  Not to sound bias, but we look super hot, like three dominatrix let loose upon creation.  This will surely get a rise from the fellows, but I myself, feel very exposed; like a raw nerve.

“I feel like a Zenum working girl on payday”, jokes Myra looking at her buttocks is the mirror.  “I didn’t think this higher mileage chassis could look so, showroom new; without a complete overhaul.”

“Oh stop it Myra”, giggles Dylua.  “If you think about it I’m the same age as you!  Give yourself some credit we are sexy women.”

The announcement comes over the com. that Eldon’s shuttle will be docking in thirty minutes.  Bless Dylua for trying to keep Myra calm.  She is a tuff and beloved sister; however she lacks the experience in these types of missions.  I must be quite tense for her; don’t get me wrong, she is a goddess behind the controls of any ship, but remove her from the cockpit and she is out of her element in the face of danger.

“OK Ladies”, I begin.  “Let’s get our finishing touches on and head down to the hold’s observation window.”

I think I’m more nervous about going out in public look like a ZonaHun.  My heart goes out to my NavHira.  He will be driven crazy when he sees me; then very upset all at once.  He understands that this is what the mission asks of us.  This is the necessary look in order to get close to our womanizing target.  We are a collection of fur, leather, and too much make-up.  We reek of sexual energy.  Well, at least we will not be the only ones dress this way in the club, and we get to see two of my favorite band all while bringing a criminal mastermind to justice.  That is what I call a good day at work.  The only thing that would make it better is my love by my side.

The bay door opens to receive the shuttle.  We make our way down to load our gear.  Chief is the first out of the transport.  “Oh my” he begins.  “Is today my birthday?”

“You don’t know your own birth date”, inquires a puzzled Dylua.

“Well, why else would you Ladies be dressed in this manner to greet me on my return”, smirks Chief.

“What are we to do with you Chief”, replies Myra.  “No wait don’t answer that.”

We burst into laughter, as Eldon and Pete emerge from the shuttle; where they too begin their gawking.  “Whoa”, groans Pete as he tugs at his shirt collar.  “You Ladies look ready for a party.”

“Maybe when we get back, big guy”, hisses Dylua as she bats her eyes.

We Danae’Talun women do love to taunt these poor men.  I pull Eldon aside to greet his return and wish him farewell all in one.  “This should be very easy”, I begin.  “A simple bait and switch; it’s all in the timing.”

“That may be true”, he replies.  “It can be dangerous none the less.”

“Do not fear my love, we will be fine”, I reassure.

“I know you will”, he responds with a concerned smile.  “You can’t blame me for worrying about you.”

We embrace; exchanging a good bye kisses.  My passion has transfer all over his face in the form of my excessive lipstick; making him look like one of those Venian clowns, I have seen at a circus once on Lunaris Alpha.  I rush to board the shuttle and prepare to depart.  The main hold is cleared and secured; as the bay door begins to open.  We are out in The Abyss skimming the edge of the atmosphere of Nuulo; with its silvery, lavender glow.  Our descent is rapid but less violent than usual.  We must enter the normal flow of traffic coming and going from the surface.

We touchdown in a matter of thirty minutes; the plan is in motion.  This is a game of cat and mouse.  I could be over in thirty minutes or three hours.  Juusto makes his way into position as we are driven to the club via limo.  Duz is posing as our driver.  This will allow him to enter the compound unnoticed.  Once inside he will set up the communication hub in the waiting truck; just on the edge of the property.

We arrive at the club and pass through the security check point.  It always amazes me, what a woman wearing very little can get away with.  We could have carried in double the weapons needed and the guards still would not have even notices anything other than the few choice areas of our bodies...Men!  Some can be such pigs.  This is a trait that transcends any planet of origin.  This is also the trait that is helping us win this battle so easily.

We take our place by the bar facing the stage.  I let the Ladies have one drink just to settle things as Voltarum takes the stage.  There is chatter in my ear piece from Juusto keeping a close watch on things.  There is nothing out of the ordinary as we enjoy the show; two hour in and their set ends, as the stage is readied for Bratriv Et Verunt.

“This is almost like my days at university”, Myra reminisces.  “It is just a bit more on the S&M side.”

“I know what you mean”, replies Dylua.  “Except this is exactly like my collage days!”

“Dylua, you and I will have to hang out more often”, replies Myra with a giggle.  Within a few minutes, Bratriv Et Verunt opens with one of their newest hits.  The crowd becomes frenzied; as I inform the ladies to be ever vigilant.  The first song ends as the next one begins with a boom over the speaker system.

“Lieutenant”, informs Juusto.  “I have some movement out front”, he waits for the Intel software to find a match.  “It’s our man.  He is on his way in the club.”

“Copy that Sergeant”, I scan for a visual.  “Look lively ladies, it’s show time.”

We make our way to the hall that leads to the liquor storage.  Dylua and Myra provide cover as I make quick work of the locked door.  I slip inside and retrieve the weapons and two bottles of the rum.  I am given the word that it is safe to exit the storage room; as we hide the weapons in our handbags.  We then, begin our way back into the main room snaking our way through the crowd.

Located on the opposite end of the room is a stair well that leads up to the VIP lounge.  We slip up the stairs easy enough.  Getting to Rusinae’s office is where it gets a bit tricky.  We must first make our way past two of his security guards; in order to gain passage down the corridor.

“Just play along”, I order.  “I have a plan.”  I quickly take the strap from my handbag and clip it to Myra’s choker necklace.  Dylua holds the bottles of rum; as we approach the two guards at the door way.

“This area is off limits”, states the guard as he holds his hand out in a halting manner.  “If you’re looking for the rest rooms is on the other side of the lounge.”  I can feel their eyes all over us.  This is the first mission ever where the goal is to draw attention to myself.

“We don’t have time for this”, I say with a smirk.  “Do you really want to keep Daddy Skokiv waiting for his special delivery”, just then Dylua presents the bottles.  “Besides we have a special treat for him”, I pull Myra into view using the strap like a leash; as if she were some Human pet.  “Do you know how hard it is to find a fine Human woman so far out from Vena?  It will be your ass when he calls looking for us wondering why his special gift isn’t being unwrapped.”

The two goons discuss what to do amongst themselves.  “It doesn’t matter to me pal”, I interject.  “We’re getting paid either way”, they look at us with blank stares.  “Alright girls we are out of here...on to the next party!”

“Wait”, replies the guard.  “OK!  It’s just down the hall.”

“I know where he is”, I add in a snarky tone.  “Daddy and I go way back.”

“Shouldn’t we frisk they first”, adds his partner.

“Sure if you want”, teases Dylua.  “But it’s gonna cost your boss and extra 100 credits each.”

“I’m not explaining that one to the boss”, replies the goon.  “There fine, you can see there is no place for them to hide anything anyway.”

That’s it, we are in!  We make our way towards his office.  I have realized one thing in all these years of doing this type of work.  If you look and act like you belong, you blend in and you’re usually overlooked.  At the end of the hall is the office.  I check in with Duz; then knock on the door; as another goon answers.

“Who are you”, he asks.  “And how did you get down here?”

“Rooms service”, I reply with a smile; shaking a bottle of rum.  “We are the relaxation package sent by an old friend.”

“Boss”, shouts the goon.  “She says that they are a gift from an old friend.”

“She…They”, inquires Skokiv from inside the office.  “Well let’s have a look at them.”

The door swings open reveling two goons.  We are led around a corner to a large room.  There, at a giant desk, sits the most repulsive excuse of a man I have ever seen.  He is a smarmy, greasy, pig of a man; greater in girth than in height.  His wispy hair is thinning and unkempt; his manner of dress resembles overpriced exercise clothing, and his cologne is an overpoweringly choking stench.

“Well, well”, he smirks as he licks his lips.  “You’ve come to relieve the tension of the upcoming meeting.”

“Not just me”, I smile.  “My sister and I have a particularly sweet treat for you”, this time Dylua leads Myra through the doorway by the leash.

He beckons us to enter his office.  His eyes widen as you can see the excitement over take is portly body.  “Umm, I see you have a delectable Human woman with you”, he grins.  “Such a rare treat... is she for me?”

“That depends”, I reply.  “We were thinking that we could share her with you.”

He orders his men out of the office and they reluctantly leave.  They do so against their better judgment.  The door closes leaving the three of us alone with him.  It is amazing how easily he has fallen for the bait.  This is a perfect example of a man thinking with the wrong brain.  He walks over to examine Myra.  He places his paw, like hand upon the tiny patch of bare skin just slightly exposed from between her skirt and blouse.  He leans in towards her neck.  He breathes in her fragrance and licks her neck.

“So sweet”, he says as he wrings his hands with anticipation.  “Where did you find such a treat?”

“We lured her away from her travel group that was touring Sopharii”, I inform.  “We wanted to share her with a great and powerful man such as you.”

“So, what makes a pair of ravishing sister want to share a Human in such a carnal manner”, he gnashes.

“We share similar interest; this being one of them.  We were hoping to seal a deal with you.  We have heard you control a large piece of action and we want in”, I reply.  “Besides we know this will be a lot of fun, and hopefully this will be the first of many meeting the three of us can hold.”

“You reek of ambitiously lustful energy”, he replies.  “So you weren’t sent by anyone?”

“We are fueled by our own motives”, I begin.  “We share some of the same passions.  We want to work for the best”, I pause tugging on Myra’s leash.  “So how about sharing our passions; let’s start with this one.”

“If you prove yourselves here, then we can talk business”, he smirks full of his own ego.  “I think that I can find it in my heart to share just this one time.  I didn’t get this far in life by sharing things”, he gnashes lustfully as his eye walk all over us.  “Some people call it greed; I call it drive”, he walks over to a plush leather sofa; plopping down upon it, and lounges.

“You don’t know how happy this makes my sister and me”, I reply as Dylua hands me the leash and walks towards Skokiv with a bottle of rum.  “I hope you don’t mind if I get your gift warmed up for you?”

“By all means, start by unwrapping her slowly”, he replies.  “I suppose your sister will be the lucky Lady to experience me first!”

Dylua opens the bottle and takes a swig then passes it to Skokiv.  I take Myra over to the door area and make sure it is locked without him noticing.  I pretend to be rough with her; as Dylua begins to straddle Skokiv on the sofa.  I lean in and begin to unbutton Myra’s blouse exposing her lacy lingerie; while I pretend to kiss her neck.

“It’s almost over now”, I whisper to Myra.  “Dylua is about to put his lights out.”

“Not a minute too soon”, she replies camouflaged by a moan of pleasure.  “This pig skives me out, makes my skin crawl.”

Skokiv is running his pudgy fingers up and down Dylua’s exposed thighs.  She giggles to further distract him.  She raises the bottle to her lips and intentionally pours the rum over her breast.  “Oops”, she hisses playfully.  “Bay-be don’t let all that rum go to waste.”

She grabs the back of his head and pushes it into her breast.  She lets out a convincing squeal of enjoyment; as she takes aim to lunge the syringe into his neck delivering the anesthetic.  “Ouch”, Skokiv lets out.  “Getting frisky are you?  So you’re a biter!”

“Yes”, she smiles at him.  “But it’s too bad you won’t be up for this.”

“Oh, I’m up”, he begins in a slurred voice.  “Can’t you feel that pressing against you?  Perhaps you need a closer look at it”, his eyes roll back into his head.  “I’ll…I’ll sho-show you who’s...”

With this he is down for the count.  “Thank the gods”, elates Dylua.  “It was getting difficult to hold my food down.”

“Duz”, I inform.  “It’s time to leave.”

He brings the truck into position.  “Lieutenant”, interjects Juusto.  “You’re about to have some company.”

“Talk to us Sergeant”, I urge.

The grapple shot from the truck is secured to the window jam.  It runs to the collection bucket on the truck.  We are to zip line our corpulent guest down to the ground level.  We quickly prep ourselves for extraction.

“It looks as if the investor has arrived”, he replies.  “I could not get an ID on him, but I swear!”

“What is it Sergeant”, I ask.

“Nothing”, replies Juusto.  “Just thought I recognized him.”

“OK people”, I inform.  “We are out of here in two minutes.”

“Sir”, speaks the voice from the other side of the door.  “I know you’re busy, but it looks like your appointment has arrived a bit early.  What should I do?”

Myra and Dylua struggle to complete the connection of the harness on Skokiv; as I try to delay the goon at the door.  “Your boss is busy!  He has his hands full right now”, I shout through the door.  “He says he needs a few more minutes.  There are three of us.”

“Skokiv, why is this door locked, let me in”, replies a second, but familiar voice.  “Why must you keep me waiting?”

We send Skokiv down to the bucket with a thud.  Next is Myra; she reaches the bucket as Duz helps her out.  There come more bangs at the door.  I can hear arguing; as Dylua pushes off from the window sill.

“Skokiv”, shouts the familiar voice.  “Open this damn door now!”

I attach my harness as the door burst open...Hain!  He looks about the room as I pull my gun.  I take a shot at him but there are too many obstructions in the way.  I hit one of the goons in hopes of keeping anyone else from joining the party.

“Lieutenant, I should have killed you when I had the chance”, he shouts.

“Lieutenant”, informs Duz.  “Get out of there now.”

“I’m on my way down”, I inform as I begin to fire off a few more rounds towards Hain.

He begins to rush me with a hail of gunfire; as I push off from the window ledge gliding down backwards.  I return fire grazing him; at least it looks as if I did.  Duz has begun to reverse the truck.  The ride becomes longer do the increasing span.  Almost to the bucket as I see him pop up for a shot.  I take aim between his eyes and squeeze the trigger.

I open my eyes and we are in the shuttle prepping for takeoff.  I look up to see Dylua retrieving something from the medical kit.  Then pain from my left arm.  Then the scent of blood hits my nose.  “What the hell happened back there”, I ask.  “Did I kill the bastard?”

“Just relax”, Dylua replies.  “You were hit; fortunately it’s just a flesh wound.  You did get banged up pretty good during your exit.”

“So what happened”, I ask in a confused tone.  “The last thing I remember is taking a kill shot at Hain, and then seeing you sitting here.”

“We were pulling away as I let out more cable from the winch”, she informs.  “You were coming in fast, and it looked as if you were unable to slow yourself.  The both of you were exchanging fire and you were hit.  I could not tell if you hit Hain in the process.  You slammed into the bucket as I lowered the hatch to shield you from the incoming fire from Skokiv’s man.  We tore out of there and here we are.”

“That sort of explains why my head and back feel as if Duz ran me over with the truck”, I begin to smile.  “Did everyone else make it out?”

“Yes”, she replies.  “And as for your head; it is nothing more than a terrible bump.  There is no cranial swelling.”

“So you’re saying that I’ll live”, I ask with a smirk.

“Yes, now take a drink of this”, she order.  “You will be in the arms of your NavHira in a few more minutes.”

I know I hit him; I must have.  He was dead in my sights.  Well, only time will tell if Hain has finally received justice.  I thank the gods that I have been so lucky once again.  I know Eldon will be upset with me, but elated none the less.


The Wrath of the Gods Unleashed


The shuttle has just left the safety of The Glory, and once again my love, my NavHira is putting her life in jeopardy.  I know this is what is asked of us, but it is still tremendously difficult.

“Fear not Lad”, comforts Chief.  “She and her team are the best at this type of work; they can accomplish great things together.”

“When she is away time stands still”, I begin.  “The worst part is the lack of communication.  I can only guess what is happening.”

We receive a communication that the DDX-1, The USSG Cataclysm a new class of destroyer, is set to arrive within an hour.  She is accompanied by CVL-23, The USSG Princetaluv a light aircraft carrier, and CL-95, The USSG Uzae’Plajun a light cruiser. Chief, Pete, and I pass the time in the lounge shooting pool.  We bet a round at the tavern; for the next time we are in port.  We receive an incoming transmission from the USSG Cataclysm.

“I cannot wait to see what this beast of a vessel looks like”, begins Chief as he sends the cue soaring into the racked balls.  “From the Doctors description, the Cataclysm is basically a flying supper gun.  She is the newest type of Destroyer, a class of her own.  She is capable of maneuvering into the orbit of a planet and destroying a target from there.  This is more precise than the antiquated technology that the Pilum drone missiles offer.”

“Captain”, informs Pete.  “I have received word of Cataclysm’s arrival.”

“To your ready stations men”, orders the Captain.

“Aye sir”, he replies.  “She will be to our location within twenty minutes.”

“All right, Lads”, states Chief.  “Let’s wrap it up, and prepare to receive our guest.”

Captain Koduv and his vessel dock along side of The Glory.  The boarding tube is extended and we are granted permission to board.  The Captain and Doctor Taggerdt are brought to the bridge, escorted by the first mate.  Pete, Chief and I are given the grand tour by Petty Officer Shantiv.  She is a member of the gunnery crew and is more than happy to show us her work station.

“The Cataclysm is bare bones, more like the inside of a tank than a ship”, begins Petty Officer Shantiv.  “The entire hull structure is a massive power plant for the weapon system.  The wing structures house the propulsion plants.”

“What’s in the tower structure”, inquires Chief.  “It reminds me of an old aircraft carrier.”

“This structure houses the living quarters”, replies Shantiv.  “The highest level is our bridge.  Almost every square centimeter of the main hull section is jammed full of equipment.”

“This vessel would make me feel very cloister phobic”, I state.  “I don’t believe I could ever be a member of her crew.”

“Most of the crew has served on submarines or in armor divisions”, she adds.  “These tight quarters are not for everyone.  “Now we will visit the armory and gun deck”, informs Petty Officer Shantiv.  “There are two main weapons of the Cataclysm.  The first is an EMP, or electromagnetic pulse weapon.  This can disable a target without causing any destruction to persons or structures.  The second weapon is an accelerated particle weapon.”

“Particle Weapon”, blurts Chief.  “You’re splitting atoms in zero atmo?”

“The center of the ship is a giant ring structure that houses a supercollider”, she informs.  “To answer your inquiry, Chief, yes; within the supercollider atoms are smashed together to unleash their energy.  The energy, is then aimed with the utmost precision, and fired in a controlled stream.  This beam is as powerful as a nuclear blast without any of the surrounding area being affected.  The plus side is there is no lasting effect of radiation.”

“That’s a bit unsettling”, I add.  “What about her defenses?”

“Besides our shields we have two dozen plasma pulse cannon of small caliber”, she informs.  “Their primary function is to keep small aircraft and projectile away.  We never travel without an escort.”

Chief has many questions on the mechanics of this, living embodiment of hell’s inferno.  A good hour must have passed before we are informed of the shuttle is begging to make its return to The Glory.  We have been so engrossed with our tour.  Finally she is on her way back to me.  The incoming message states that everyone is alive and well.  This doesn’t stop me from having knots in my stomach; nothing will; not until I can see her with my own eyes and hold her in my arms.

The shuttle docks and I rush down to the main hold to meet her.  “What happened”, I ask.  “My love you are hurt!”

“I am fine”, she replies.  “It is merely a flesh wound.  I am alive and well.”

I wrap my arms around her and hold her close to me.  I can feel him breathing; as she nestles her chin in the crook of my neck.  She lets out a sigh of relief and melts into me.  “I can’t lose you”, I begin.  “I have only just found you.  I don’t even know what I would do without you.”

“I know I could never love again”, she replies.  “But we must stop this talk.  We are both alive and well, and there is still much work to do.”

“Dylua”, shouts Pete.  “So how about that party you promised me?”

“Sorry big guy”, she begins.  “You’re not my type.”

“Why’s that”, he asks.  “Is it because I’m Aqualon?”

“No”, she replies.  “It is because you’re male”, she pauses to observe the look upon his face.  “But I will let you buy me a beer.”

A blushing and embarrassed Pete replies with bruised pride, “It’s a deal!”

The Captain calls for us to assemble in the bridge, for a joint briefing on the next phase of our mission.  “First I would like to start by congratulating you all”, began the Captain.  “The mission was a great success.  There were no casualties to any civilians and more importantly to me to any of you.  Inspector Molay will be leaving us.  Skokiv is to be extradited to The Halls of Democracy where he will stand trial.”

“The list of charges is long”, adds Molay.  “However the trial will be swift.”

“We will continue on with the escorting of the Cataclysm on its mission to obliterate the mysterious base”, begins the Captain.  “We now known this base is a sanctuary for Golgotha and his terror network”, continues the Captain.  “I have been informed that the Doctor has been reassigned to the Cataclysm.  It looks as if her expertise is required aboard”, he looks about and see that we are saddened by this news but understand.  “We will commence with this mission in exactly one hour.  Please make the necessary preparations.  That is all crew.”

Molay is off to extradite his fugitive in a waiting transport from aboard the USSG Uzae’Plajun.  They will be escorted by a dozen Phantoms, heavy fighters.  This will leave roughly the same amount of Phantoms aboard the USSG Princetaluv.  Molay is heading to The Hall of Democracy, a man made satellite floating midway between our current location, and the center of the system.  This is where the unified planetary congress and senate meets.  This is also where the highest court of law resides.  We, on the other hand, are on full alert.  The Glory is the primary escort for the Cataclysm.  With a heading for the distant moon of JinxYul; our current speed should put us in her orbit in just over an hour.

There off the starboard bow is the cold, pale glow of JinxYul.  We remain cloaked until we are in position, and the gunnery crew has its target locked.  “Captain Frost”, spoke Captain Koduv over the com system.  “We are patching through the enlarged image of the target.  You will be the witnesses to history.”

“We are ready, Captain”, replies Frost.  “You may fire when ready.”

“Very well”, begins Koduv.  “Helm to Gunnery Chief, you may unleash the wrath of the gods!”

“Gunnery Chief to helm”, replies a voice.  “Firing in 10, 9, 8...”  With this count the main cannon of the Cataclysm reaches its full charge, “4, 3, 2, Fire!”

The main gun sends forth a great ball of energy deep into the atmosphere of JinxYul.  It gives the appearance of a meteor hurling headlong towards the surface at roughly 158 kilometer per second.  In just under ten seconds the target is no more.  Imagine if the factory compound was made of paper.  You can see the heat consume the structures and ignite the very air around it.  There it stands a structure of ash, to be crumbled by the slightest breeze.

“Gunnery Chief to the helm”, spoke a voice over the open com link.  “Captain the target is eradicated, awaiting orders.”

“Gunnery Chief this is the Captain, power down the weapon.”

There is silence for several minutes.  My comrades and I are in complete shock.  This is the most destructive force in the System.  “Captain Frost do you read”, inquires Captain Koduv.

“We read you Captain Koduv.”  Frost answers, “What are our orders?”

“I am sending you the coordinates to the next navigational point”, informs Koduv.  “You will lead the way.”

“Very Well Captain”, replies Frost.  “Myra please set our heading to the coordinates.”

“Aye Sir”, she responds.  “Our ETA is one hour and thirty minutes.”  This is a sight, I don’t believe, any of us will ever forget.  I pray the gods that, this is never used for evil.


A dish Best Served Cold


We prepare for the possibility of retaliation from Golgotha.  One can never tell what delusional thoughts fester in the mind of such a villain.  In a mind like his, the brain has lain to rot; consumed by an alternate reality.  Exposing a fertile field for the seeds of madness to be planted; as the worms of megalomania bore deeper and deeper, allowing the roots of madness to spread out until they have woven into the fabric of the man’s soul... insanity blossoms!  This is what makes men like Golgotha, so very dangerous.  In his mind, and yet worse, in the minds of his followers, he is a living god-man.

“Captain”, informs Pete.  “There is an urgent communication from the Admiralty.”

“Patch it through, Pete”, orders the Captain.

“Aye, Sir”, he replies.  “I’m putting it through now.”

“Attention Captain Frost”, begins the voice.  “Do you read us?”

“This is Captain Frost”, he replies.  “We read you.”

“We have new orders”, informs Admiral Callaghan from over the com link.  “Intelligence has received an interesting view caught by a science probe on the outer rim of the system.  The battle group is to head to these coordinates, immediately”, Pete locks the information into the helm.  “These are the captured images that concern us.”

The image is, at first, noting out of the ordinary that would be captured by a science probe.  The probe is extracting a geological sample from one of the very large meteors that makes up The Vahalun Belt, surround the system’s rim.  Then for a few brief seconds, as the camera pans slightly to the left, there is a very dark and blurry image.  Once it is enhanced and filtered, the silhouette is that of the menacing Leviathan.

“Captains”, begins the Admiral.  “The Leviathan is looming in the great expanse of The Vahalun Belt.  You know what must be done.  May the gods be with you all; Admiral Callaghan out.”

“Myra”, orders Captain Frost.  “Please make haste to the coordinates!”

“Neptune’s Glory do you read”, inquires Koduv.

“We read you Captain Koduv “, Frost replies.

“We have our orders”, informs Koduv.  “The Neptune’s Glory will lead the way to the navigational point.”

“We understand Captain.  Neptune’s Glory, out”, Frost pauses to looks at us.  “Battle stations; we are at yellow alert.”

The crew rushes to their stations as we make our way at top speed to eradicate the scourge of the star system.  We should reach the destination within eight hours.  This will be a heated battle.  I’m not one to underestimate our foe, but with the sheer volume of vessels we have on our side this should be a much better out come from the last time we met the Leviathan.

We arrive cloaked, as the Leviathan sits just within our scanner’s range.  “He has raised an entire fleet”, gasps Pete.

“This may be so”, replies the Captain.  “But we have a fleet of our own!”

This is not just the Leviathan, this is an enemy fleet.  This consists of two frigates and a corvette; as well as a dozen visible smaller attack vessels.  The smaller vessels vary in their size and planet of origin.  There is a massive ring like structure stationed behind the enemy vessels.

“What in the name of Neptune is that”, gasps Chief.

“It looks like”, begins a puzzled Myra.  “Like an enormous doorway to nowhere.”

The word is given for the Phantom squadron to ready and hold till we are in a better position.  “We are to supply cover fire, concentrated on the two frigates in their formation”, informs the Captain.  “Lieutenant, this is your department.”

“Aye Captain”, she answers.  “Just leave it to us”, from over the turret speaks she instructs.  “The weapons are hot!  Wait until I give the order, and be careful our people will be out there as well.”

I am in the bow turret, the first line of defense for The Glory.  Shara is in the Hammer’s main turret and Dylua is in secondary.  Chief has taken his old perch in the Trident.  He seems a bit shaken; this is the first time back in there since he almost met his end.  Juusto is manning the Bridge turret or Neptune’s Crown.  This is one of the new upgrades we received during our overhaul.  The Crown is twin 120mm cannon that sits in line with the helm on the aft end of the bridge; providing additional coverage to the upper section of The Glory.  Duz sits in the bridge monitoring shields and the six minor gun ports; four of them line the underside of the hull and the remaining two are on the ends of the wing sections.  We are a full on, war ship.

“Scramble Phantom squadron”, orders Captain Koduv.  “Captain Frost, you may fire, when in range.”

“Understood Captain”, replies Frost.  “Lieutenant, you may fire at your discursion!”

We uncloak and have caught our opponents completely off guard.  “Captain”, informs Pete.  “We have an incoming communication from the Leviathan.”

“Put it through, Pete”, he orders.

“Well, Frost I see you have lived to fight another day and for a new master as well.”  Golgotha than says in a disappointed tone, “Servus oportet quod obedierit!”

“Omnis homo a domino servit, et ad deos se regem”, retorts the Captain.  “Lieutenant, show them no mercy.  If the gods see it fit thy will provide compassion!”

“Welcome Frost”, boasts Golgotha.  “This is the beginning of the new world order!”

We open fire as the squadron of Phantoms is met by the rogue squadron in a ballet of destruction.  We concentrate our fire on the closer of the two frigates.  We begin to weaken its shields; causing the rogue fighters to turn their attention to us.  “Lad”, shouts Chief.  “Hit the big bastard with the stored energy.  I’d gladly do it but it’s out of my range.”

“How do I engage it”, I shout franticly.  “I don’t remember!”

“Stop firing and flip the yellow switch”, he responds.  “That will send them to Davie Jones’ locker.”

I do an instructed; letting out two great blasts of energy directly towards the starboard bow of the enemy vessel.  The Hammer concentrates its fire at the point of impact and tears a hole through the hull of the damned vessel.  “Nice work my love”, congratulates Shara.  “The battle is not yet won.”

Just then the giant structure begins to activate; with ripples distorting the image of the stars that can be seen behind it.  “What is happening”, asks Myra.  “Is that a weapon?”

“Attention Captain”, interjects Dr. Taggerdt.  “I know what Golgotha possesses.”

“Please Doctor”, pleads the Captain.  “What is this structure?”

“It would seem as if Golgotha”, she pauses in disbelief.  “Golgotha has manufactured a...a Gateway Drive!”

The Cataclysm tries to fire an EMP pulse at what appears to be the power converter.  Golgotha has sacrificed his corvette by ordering it to shield this blast.  It is hit, floating disabled.  It has become a choice target for the remaining Phantom squadron; for any survivors of the rogue squadron have limped their way back to the safety of the Leviathan.

“You mean to say this mad man has a key to other star systems”, shouts the Captain skeptically.

The Gateway is fully on line as the Leviathan begins to head through it.  “Yes, Captain”, she replies.  “This would seem to be the horrible truth.”

“Golgotha”, shout the Captain into the open channel.  “I promise you that your death will be at my hands”, he pauses for breath.  “Myra ahead full; we are going to sink this abomination!”

The surviving frigate begins to break the skin of the Gateway with the Leviathan close in tow.  “Fire”, orders the Captain.  “Hit them with everything we have!”

Our fire just begins to make contact as we race into range.  All this is in vein; for the Leviathan is gone leaving a massive ripple in the Gateway like a stone in a calm pond.  “Captain Frost”, exclaims Captain Koduv.  “We are victorious; for we have driven this scourge from our system.”

“Victorious?  My ears have never heard such an untrue statement”, replies Frost.  “We have won nothing!  We have achieved none of our objectives.  How can you believe that we are victorious?”

“Our orders were to remove the threat from the system”, begins Kudos.  “This is exactly what we have done.”

“The dirt, has merely been swept under the carpet”, states Frost in disappointment.  “What we have done is simply washed a deadly poison down the drain.  The problem I have with this, is that there may be life, people like us, living on the other end of the drain.”

“Captain”, retorts Koduv.  “I am bound to my duties, a soldier; I must follow my orders without questioning them.  This I have done and my new orders are to return to port for a debriefing.  Besides for all we know Golgotha has committed mass suicide.”

Captain Koduv was right in his statement.  For all we know, not a single one of them may have survived the journey.  They may all be floating in their monstrous tomb, preserved until the end of time.  They say that revenge is a dish best served cold.  There is no colder death then that offered by the void of The Abyss.  We, reluctantly, set a course for Xiulune; until the science team can send their probes through the Gateway.

“Captain”, informs Pete.  “Sensors are picking up something coming through the Gateway!”

“Ready the weapons Lieutenant”, informs the Captain.  “Cataclysm, are you picking up this signal as well?”

“Captain Frost”, replies Koduv.  “We are reading this signal.”

“Sir”, booms Pete.  “It is a long range transmission beacon.  I’m putting the feed through to all channels now.”

“Well Jasper”, begins the transmission.  “If you want to extinguish my life, you’ll need to come get me”, the feed is cleared up and the image is of Golgotha.  “Our system has become too over run with law.  I’m sure I will find many here, seeking my guidance...I’ll be waiting for you!”

The feed terminates with the sound of Golgotha’s sinister laughter.  “Does this answer your question Captain Koduv”, inquires Frost.  “He has made it through!”

“This may be so Captain”, replies Koduv.  “With this new information, HQ has orders us to remain here on sentry duty.  We are to monitor any one, or thing that comes through the Gateway.”

“Attention crew, I hold a contract that states that I and my vessel are to exterminate this scourge”, begins the Captain.  “I cannot ask any of you, my faithful crew, and my loving family, to come with me.  Take the Condors and pilot them to the USSG Princetaluv.  They will take you to the nearest port.  I will transfer all the credits to the Lieutenant to divide amongst all of you.  I will not need money where I am headed.  It has been an honor to know you all.”

“But Sir”, interjects Myra.  “I know you will not ask this, but I volunteer!”

“And I”, says Chief.

“Count me in” adds Pete.

Before you know it, every last one of us has chosen to stay with the Captain and The Glory to the bitter end.  “Captain Frost, you still hold a Privateer’s license.  We will offer all the support that we can.  What you do after this is out of my control”, informs Koduv.  “Before you head into the unknown at least let us sent you any spare supply you can hold.”

Three shuttles full of supplies fill every available space in the main hold.  We are all assembled in the bridge making our final preparations to head into the great unknown.  “Thank you Captain Koduv”, begins Frost graciously.  “I hope to one day see you again.”

“May the gods look down upon you”, he wishes.  “Drop a communication beacon just on this side of the Gateway and one just on the other side of where ever this Gateway leads.  That way, we will hopefully, remain in contact.”

“We will do this Captain”, states Frost.  “Neptune’s Glory out”, he looks at us as he pats Augustus on his great head.  “Crew, I do not know what waits for us on the other side.  I do know one thing; Golgotha is set free to continue his reign of terror.  Now possessing the capability to come and go as he pleases between systems. Who will stop him?”

We all stand to attention and with a great roar we all reply, “We will Captain!”

“Yes, we will”, says the Captain with great emotion welling in his eyes.  “You have made me proud!  When I am standing before the gods awaiting their final judgment, I will make it know unto them that I have had the honor of sailing with you.  That I have had the great privilege of call you all friends.”  He pauses to collect himself, “Myra set us a course.”

“To where Sir”, she inquired.  “We are headed into uncharted water.”

“Then set a course into history”, he replies with a wild spark in his eyes.

We strap in to our seats; My NavHira and I cling to one another as we push forward through the Gateway, and into the unknown.  Just think, this all started as a shipyard dream of a young man, tired of the ordinary life.  I recall a quote that mother use to say to encourage me.  I feel that it is suiting for this moment.  It is from a very wise and holy man who lived centuries ago on Vena; by the name of Augustine:  “Fides est ut puto quis vos operor non animadverto; remuneror illae fides est video vidi visum quis vos puto.”  He was right faith is to belief without seeing, because with enough faith you will be rewarded with the sight of what you believe.



The End


For more original art work at visit me on FACEBOOK:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/M.A. D’Alessandro IV/501676329853718?sk=wall  
or

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Shipyard Dreams/237884993008881?sk=wall  

