



Short Stories from 2017
By Stephen Brandon
Copyright 2017 Stephen Brandon
Smashwords Edition
* * * * *


Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
* * *


Table of Contents

An Evil Obsession 
Ballistic Granite 
Colony Ship 01A4 
FLT Propulsion 
The Destroyer 
The Garden 
The Mount 
The Teacher 
The Warning 
Training Detail 
Truckin' On 
Used Computer 

* * * * *


Author's Notes

This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, incidents, and dialogue are from the authors imagination or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or other persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  Real and fictional locations are used for background only.  
* * *

About Stephen Brandon and his other books. 
{My claim to fame, written by someone else. Thanks!} As an earthbound retiree, Stephen writes mostly science fiction and short stories. He is a voracious reader and has written for a few years, publishing his stories on Smashwords. 
* * *

Acknowledgments
My wife has put up with me for over forty seven years.  Without her support and love I don't know who, what, or where I would be, so I thank her from the bottom of my heart, and I dedicate all of my books to her! 
Librarians are another of my favorite people. They've dedicated their lives to maintaining the literary works. Thank you! 
Good teachers also rate high on my scale. Those that motivate students to read, learn, and think out their school problems. They prepare the young mind to tackle the challenges they'll meet later in life. I've known a few. Unfortunately, they're not as numerous as they once were.
* * * * *


AN EVIL OBSESSION

In school the history book mentioned several terrorist incidents in the 20th and 21st century. They were interesting and questions were on the test. Most of them killed themselves in their attacks. Not even the jocks were that stupid. 
The fact that the terrorist killed so many people over the years was appalling, however interesting.

Graduation was thrilling, however four years of university didn't appeal to much, especially the physical training program that everyone had to go through. 
Two years in, an interesting historical fact surfaced about linear projectors. They only worked efficiently in a vacuum. A small fact that got lodged in the brain. 

Graduation from university left a three year mandatory government service requirement. Twenty-four months on the moon weakens the body. Six months convalescence government and therapy at their expense never corrected all the problems. The discharge papers listed the expected physical problems and the governments liabilities along with a small pension. 
The ruined health and other physical problems that would last a lifetime, created a sore spot in the brain. That sore spot festered and bought up all sorts of revenge ideas until one latched on with a passion. 
Terrorist in the last century killed lots of people, but always got caught if they didn't commit suicide. Would it be possible to be a terrorist and not get caught? First was a covert weapon that left no identifying or traceable characteristics. A year of covert research brought the list down to one, a linear accelerator like the ones on the moon that launched cargo into orbit. The only problem was it needed extreme miniaturization. 
Going back to university wasn't desirable, but there was the only location were the knowledge was available. A surprise waited in the second year, there were many more in the solar system and many different sizes depending upon the use. The problem was, none of them were designed to work within an atmosphere. Design modifications and construction took six months, then carefully building into the car so that it was camouflaged took another three months. 
The ammunition turned out to be the simplest thing. The glass beads from a florist ship. A friend injured himself and received a bouquet of artificial flowers in the hospital. Half a dozen beads were easy to remove without leaving a trace. 
Targeting sighting, range determination, and impact velocity only took a dozen shots out in the county on weekends.  Lethal range was a surprise, 0.6 kilometers although the target impact zone expanded to a 2 meter circle. 
It was a warm Saturday afternoon. Parking the car in a lot five hundred meters from the park was the first field test. The shot went into the crowd around the gazebo; where several bands were entertaining.  Looking in the rear view mirror, several people could be seen falling and others screaming. The reports on the news web that evening told how two people were killed, and showed pictures of several bystanders with blood splattered on their clothing. 
The police were bombarded with scorn for being unable to locate the shooter. The police finally appealed to the public for any information on who might be the shooter. 
A few weeks later she read in the newspaper about an outside charity concert in the next town.
* * * * *


BALLISTIC GRANITE

Hey boss, the president just announced that NK has launched another ICBM. We've still got that old factory tooled for a solid propellant ICBM with the throw-weight of two and a quarter tons. 
Yea I know. So what, they didn't like our missiles, and that was a deep pocket loss. That factory is amortized down to almost nothing so it goes up for destruction next year. 
But boss, think about it. That missile can carry two tons of payload. If it went straight up like the NK ICBMs and then headed back down, its velocity upon impact would be just below that of a meteorite. 
Go on. 
Putting a ceramic heat shield on a chunk of granite would just about insure an intact impact; especially with a smart bomb guidance system attached. 
What the hell are you talking about. 
Well boss, what I'm talking about is a kinetic weapon that impacts the target at about a half mile per  second. The chunk of granite would hit and stop. The energy it possessed would be turned into a shock-wave and heat. Think of a crater at the impact point, not to mention the fires started from the heat.  
Go on. 
The shock-wave moving through the air would knock down any structure close-by. Further out non-reinforced structures would be blown over. The shock-wave through the ground would probably collapse bunkers and tunnels. The heat generated by the impact would be above the flash point of most construction materials; not counting the fact that it will be hot from reentry. Instant fires. A fuel dump or ammunition dump would instantly explode. Unfortunately the damn environmentalist would cry foul because of the damage caused. 
What would it take to prove your idea? 
I checked around, and we have half the guys that worked there still on the payroll. The other half are retired. With the right incentive the retirees could be enticed to return. I figured that a half dozen missiles would prove the idea. All we'd have to purchase off-site would be the chunks of granite and smart-bomb guidance systems. 
That will raise the cost. R&D ain't cheap. 
We don't need any R&D sir. 
Smart bomb systems would not be functional at the speeds you suggest. 
If they aren't then we'll use the space guidance system for mid-flight corrections. We're still making them. 
How accurate would this solid rock be? 
About as accurate as an arrow at a hundred yards.
OK, let me check and see if I can get approval for a test site next year.
Sir, make sure it's not near any built up areas. One of the old nuclear test sites in the Pacific would be best. If it misses the target, it will sink in the ocean without anyone being the smarter. The problem one of the old boys mentioned, was avoiding all those damn satellites in orbit. 
~ ~ ~
Mr Johns office, how may I direct your call. 
I want to speak to Johns right now. 
Whom may I announce is calling. 
This is General Schultz. Get him on the phone now, and I don't care if he's in a meeting or not. 
Hello Frederick, how's business on the east coast? 
Business is fine. What's this I hear about you starting up your old factory. 
You heard right. One of my boys figured out a new use for the Pathmaker missile since your people didn't want to use it. It's old technology with a twist. 
What the hell do you mean a twist. 
Oh well, I'm giving some of my retirees a chance to make some some money by building a dozen Pathmakers. You probably saw my request to use a couple of the atolls in the Pacific for test sites. 
I saw your request. The problem is those atolls are still radioactive. We don't need the damn international community bitching about radioactive dirt being tossed into the air. 
Well Fred, do you have any sites that are away from civilization and surrounded by ocean. 
Wait a minute, why do you want them surrounded by ocean and away from civilization? 
My boy thinks a two ton chunk of concrete or granite would prove the payload lift. I guess we could use the moon for a target. 
Whoa there, what kind of twist would give you that range? And how could you observe a hit on the moon? 
Oh that's easy. The dust plume would be visible. 
How much explosive is the payload. 
None. 
What will throw a dust plume visible at a quarter million miles. 
Just the impact speed Fred. 
Johns, before I let you play with something like that, I want to see you and your boy in my office. 
OK Fred, will tomorrow afternoon be convenient. We can catch the morning flight, and be home for a late supper. 
Hell no, I need a week to set up the meeting. 
No Fred, we don't want every blockhead in Washington knowing what we're doing. If word of our twist gets out, it'll start another arms race that we may loose because of those bureaucrats bitching about the purse strings. My company is going to carry all the R&D and testing cost. We just need permission to launch and someplace remote to prove our accuracy. 
Now hold on Johns. 
No you hold on Fred. We can launch off a ship or an oil rig. NORAD would have kittens, but I guess we could use Cheyenne Mountain for a target. It would definitely prove what the original planner ignored when Robertson challenged him. 
Johns, I'll have you shut down as a national security risk and confiscate all your research. 
Fred, the research in on one laptop. The design is on another. The software is on another. And they are not in Huntsville. I'll not have our ideas and research stolen like last time. Only when our design and software is proven by test; will I offer it to the Pentagon for purchase. 
Johns, you know what the politicians did that for their fair haired boys last time. 
Yea I know. It won't happen this time! That's why I am keeping everything in-house until I'm ready to offer the full program for contract. Have your secretary call my secretary with the meeting time. I'll need two passes. 
* * * * *


Colony Ship 01A4

The photographic plate showed a triangular shaped star where none should be.  When the spectrum was analyzed it showed very little hydrogen, but a large percentage of iron.  The observatory supervisor ordered another picture taken of that portion of the sky that night and called Hawaii to have them also get a picture for verification.  The intern that loaded the photographic plate screwed up, and also hit the computer enhanced button that added a digital picture.  When used together the digital picture is clear as a bell, however it degrades the photographic plate image by 40% unless the computer adds exposure time to compensate for the split image.  The supervisor was furious until he checked the computer generated picture, and enlarged it to the verge of pixelation.  There was a faint image of something beside the triangular image.  He had to hit at the conference call button twice before it activated and started calling everyone on the ET list.  
~o~
The computer program checked its start up date and calculated that it had been in its search loop for 2927 years 10 months 14 days 2 hours 54 minutes and 13 seconds before it detected a planet in the Circumstellar Habitable Zone of a star without excessive radiation levels.  The CHZ trigger started several dozen programs including waking one on the cryogenic flight crews.  Twenty hours later four of the five members of the flight crew logged on and read the CHZ report.  The Captain instructed the computer to display the sentient detection view of the star system, and then read the failure report indicating the optical telescope damage, the mid-range communications array antennas off line, and thermal detection array damaged.  The only array working was radar and it didn't show anything other than the star and eight planets.  After checking the flight time clock he activated the turnaround sequence and deceleration program to take them over to the stellar north of the target star system.  Checking his monitor he saw.
*** DECELERATION MANEUVER: *** Ship damage ***
Turnover maneuver completion time, 17 hours, due to sensor indicated structure damage.
Deceleration at 50% thrust to CHZ border 1 year 11 months 22 days 15 hours 3 seconds to 0 relative northern CHZ border.  
*** Damage reports external.  Display first 5 (Y/N) __. *** 
[ ]

Calling the steward, he inquired how long before a hot meal would be ready.  
The steward informed him that it would be ready in half an hour.  
Keying the ship-wide intercom he instructed the crew to download damage summaries and report to the crew mess in half an hour.  Then he keyed into his computer to download damage and warning summaries to his tablet.  Then feeling his age he shuffled to the crew mess and was handed a cup on hot coffee.  
As the steward placed a meal before each of the crew the Captain told him to get his and grab a seat.  As the steward sat down he said, “Men I have bad news, worse news, and even more bad news.  We'll eat and enjoy our meal, then discuss it.”  
The steward gathered the empty trays and carried them back to the kitchen.  Then he brought out two pots of coffee and set them on the table.  Let me start Captain, “We had three cryo units fail, and have rations for 50 for two years.  As you know the cryo unit that failed contained the communications specialist.  I checked the other three communications specialist cryo units and one of them also failed.  All together eight of the twenty primary crew cryo units failed.”  
Shaking his head the Captain replied, “Well that was part of the bad news, now for the worse news, my computer gave me a summery of nine primary systems failures, eighteen warnings including the major ice shield damage.  It's luck that the system even picked up this star system.  We've lost 94% of the ice shield and several of the sentient detection system arrays.  A couple of more decades and it wouldn't have stopped a marble.  Now for the more bad news, we are lost, the navigation computer is scrambled, and the flight time counter indicates over 2927 years since launch.  We're about two years from CHZ.
“Taking into account the shortage of food, I need your input on what repair crew we should wake up.  You know the odds when cryogenic sleep in reinstated.  We'll have a meeting at each meal and start making a wake up list.  Engineer, what's your status and we'll work our way around the table.”  
“Only three reactors activated. Two more gave system failure warnings and number six had a coolant system failure that resulted in the automatic ejection of the core. Now that the scoops aren't gathering hydrogen I'll have to get those two repaired if we want more than minimum power to the ship. I haven't checked the reactors to the cryo sections yet.”  
With a scowl the navigation started, “Sir, 80% of the navigation array sensors indicate external damage, and as you know the navigation computer crashed.  I've got a spare computer and should have it on-line by tomorrow, but it probably won't give us an accurate fix until the external arrays are repaired.”  
Sighing in defeat the structure maintenance officer said, “Sir, the sensors I've been able to access indicate extreme stress from two directions in the past. It's a wonder the ship is still in one piece, I would recommend another check before activating the engines. I hope we don't have any tube failures after turnover.”  
Then the Captain said, “Steward, after you perform your assigned duties please check all the crew cryo units and then start on the colony units. Also check the rations put aside for the colony. I'll see you all in six hours. We'll run twelve hour crew shifts until the wake up list is finalized. Also we need a prioritized list of repairs. Dismissed.”
Sipping his coffee, the Captain finally said to the air, “Computer, due to probable structure damage after turnover is complete, put a hold on engine ignition until they pass the engineers safety check.”  
A female voice replied from the speakers on the wall, “Captain, at present velocity every hour delay will add 22 hours 3 minutes 27 seconds travel time to CHZ.”
~o~
Sir, the computer indicates that everyone is on-line. Gentlemen, six days ago our computer detected an anomaly on one of the plates we were processing. A follow-up plate was exposed and the intern loading the plate accidentally pressed the button for a digital plate in conjunction. Analysis of both plates and the computer generated picture indicate an artificial light that is traveling at approximately .2C, or for the civilians on the ET list 2% the speed of light. Hawaii took a series of three plates and the artificial light in the second plate changed spectral composition and was absent on the third plate. Except for the computer generated picture, we could dismiss this artificial light as a asteroid hitting a patch of space dust and burning up. Unfortunately the computer generated picture, when zoomed in just short of pixelation, shows what appears to be an artificial construction that is the probable origin of the light. SETI was notified and was able to get a reading from that sector of space. Their equipment detected signals on more than the hydrogen and helium frequencies. The signal is trailing the artificial construction by sufficient distance to indicate the object is .13 light years distant. The object is broadcasting on multiple frequencies and the recordings indicate something similar to telemetry. Thirty two hours later in a spot along the projected trajectory the object, the artificial light reappeared, only this time the tip was facing the opposite direction.  
Gentlemen, our team will furnish copies of all pictures and SETI will furnish all recordings. Our original analysis is that we have detected an alien spacecraft that has started deceleration to enter our solar system. Please prove me wrong, or start first contact procedures. All observatories and SETI will hold the discovery announcement for thirty days to give you time to analyze the data and notify the governments that will support your actions. 

~o~o~

Twenty-three months later almost all the repair list was completed and communications was finally back on-line.  The sentient array started up with no problem and immediately alerted. The Captain was awaken and rushed to the bridge. Dropping into his chair he told the commo specialist to bring up the alert information on the main screen.  
*** Alert *** Sentient *** Danger to ship ***
LEVEL 1 civilization detected, basic language analysis started. 
4 main communications hubs located. 
Ship has been targeted by laser and radar frequencies.  
CHZ stop point within civilization zone. 
[ ]

Captain to Engineering, “I need full power to the engines immediately.” 
Engineering to Bridge, “Full propulsion power available in 5 minutes.”  
Turning the Captain said, “Navigator, plot us a course to take us away from population areas.  Pilot, as soon as engineering gives you full power get us up and away from those population areas.“ 
As the ship started changing course the computer popped up another alert. 
*** ALERT ***
Three nuclear powered spacecraft on intercept course. 
Insufficient delta-V to avoid intercept.  
*** Engineering Alert *** 
Reactor number 2 coolant loss.  Automatic core ejection in 18 seconds.  Propulsion level now 68%. 
[ ]

“What the hell else can go wrong now,” exclaimed the Captain.  “Communications, get me some kind of audio connection with the ships approaching.  Power up the bridge camera and link it to what used to be our television frequencies and start broadcasting.  They'll at least know what we looked like; if they destroy us.”  
The navigator yelled, “Sir, evidently they took the reactor core ejection as a hostile act, they just launched missiles. Impact in 10 minutes. From the range they launched I hope they go ballistic so we can avoid them. They seem to be aimed at the engineering section.”  
Captain to engineering, “Hostile missiles launched, switch engineering controls to bridge and evacuate.”  
“Yes Sir”, came the reply from engineering.  
A few minutes later the off shift engineer dropped into the engineering station and reported full control. “Sir, reactor 1 is overheating, estimate it will go critical in another eight minutes.”
“Sir, the missiles seem to be tracking the engineering section and engines. I hope the half mile separation from the engineering section and the main ship are enough it they rupture the reactors.” squawked the navigator.
“Engineer, how fast can you shutdown the reactors?” asked the Captain.  
“Two minutes, Sir, however I can eject the cores in less than 20 seconds.”  
With a sigh the Captain replied, “Start shutdown of all the engineering reactors 2 minutes and 10 seconds before missile impact.”  
“Shit, reactor 1 going critical and the safeties just ejected its core.  Propulsion just dropped to 46%.  Sensors reporting heavy gamma spike in engineering. Sir, I have to shut down the last two active reactors now, core temperatures are climbing.” said the Engineer with a shaking voice.
“Do it.” Minutes later the Captain watched as two missiles detonated against the engineering and propulsion section. Their explosions broke the connection tube to the main section and everyone watched the air venting. Missiles 3, 4, and 5 hit then and blew what remained of the engineering section in half. 
“Well, we're dead now. No way to stop. Navigation where will our present trajectory take us.” asked the Captain.  
“Sir, in eight days we'll enter the asteroid belt between the 4th and 5th planets at an angle that will guarantee impacting some asteroids.”  
“Sir, the approaching spacecraft are maneuvering to land on the main section.” announced the pilot.  
“Sir, the hull has been breached in the main cargo hold.  Switching to hold cameras now.  Shall I set the cameras to track and broadcast their movements.” announced the structure maintenance officer. 
“Yes, go ahead, at least the species in this star system will get a free show and see how effective their military forces are against an unarmed colony ship.” 
*** Alert ***  
Intruders entering colony cryogenic section. 
Two cryogenic chambers forced open. 
*** Alert ***
Communications between intruders and ships just increased 300%.
Incoming communications.  Translation started.  
Secure the alien ship, no physical contact with occupants.  Space Command headquarters orders a hold on further intrusion into alien ship.  All units report compliance.  
[ ]

“Captain, the intruders appear to have stopped in place.  Picking up communications from them to their spacecraft.  Oh shit, they are speaking English.” squawked the Communications officer.  
*** Alert *** 
Incoming communications from vicinity of asteroid belt.  Translation follows.
Withdraw from alien ship, they are broadcasting your attack and movements within the ship.  Neutralize their communications arrays.  I repeat withdraw and neutralize their communications arrays.  The arrays will be located on the front of the center section.  
[ ]

“Communications, I need a full power communications link now.
“This is the Captain of Earth colony ship 01A4. If this system was colonized from Earth please help us. We've had cascading systems failures and our flight recorder indicates we have 2927 years of flight time. You've destroyed our engineering and propulsion section. Your military has destroyed several cryogenic units containing civilian colonist. Our navigator plots our trajectory to your asteroid belt with entry in 8 days.”  
~o~
Over the radio everyone heard, “Earth colony ship 01A4, stop all broadcast. Captain Jenkins, that's an order. Your ship launched 5 hours ago. You are in the Earth solar system.  
“General Shawn to all military forces, secure your ships to the engineering section of the colony ship in a position to supply deceleration thrust.  Additional ships will be diverted to assist.” 
~o~
“General Shawn, that won't work, the connection tubes from engineering to the main ship were partially destroyed by your missiles. If I may suggest we need to cut the damaged tubes and support structure away and then connect the ships to the main ship. I still have 4 engineers and 6 structure technicians alive.  They will be able to assist.” transmitted the Captain. 
~o~
“Damn it Bill, cut your video broadcast. I'm already getting calls from Earth, Mars, and the belt. Whatever happened to you is causing a cluster. I'm even getting calls demanding that I recall your ship. If I do that, what happens to you?  
~o~
“General Shawn, my computer technician verifies that someone sent a recall. However the computer filed it as a report to be brought to my attention at destination. The computer also shows that someone else sent a change of course directive without the proper authorization. It was also filed. The structure monitoring computer indicates gravitational force damage at flight year 830. It also records the airlocks being opened. I'll have someone check security footage to see if we can determine who or what entered the ship.” 
~o~
“Bill, the launch assist tug Captain just reported that he can intercept you in 3 days, however he will need propellant. I'll divert ships to refuel him en-route. Get your guys started prepping your ship. Now the Earth president is calling and the subject is time travel. What next? I'll contact you again in 20 hours. Out.”  
~o~
Steward, this is the Captain. “Wake up one of the cargo technicians and have him report to the bridge.”  
Over the ship intercom,  “This is the Captain, all personnel report to the crew mess ASAP.” 
Thirty minutes later the Captain entered and walked to the end of the room.  Turning he looked at the downcast faces of his crew.  “I guess rumors are flying right now. The situation is that we've been in space 2927 years. A few hours ago this ship launched from the Earth solar system. Don't ask me how this is possible. We are presently in the Earth solar system. We were classified as a hostile alien spacecraft when one of the reactor cores malfunctioned, and was ejected. That was seen as a hostile act so we were immediately attacked destroying the engineering section, and damaging the connecting tubes and its support structure. We must lighten the ship and prepare it so the launch assist tug can slow us down. We have a few hours to come up with a structure plan to mate with the tug. Then we have 2 days and a few hours to implement it. Section chiefs, divide your sections and each one of you take a team. I need to see preliminary suggestions in two hours, from there we'll refine the plans and implement.” 
Captain, one of the engineers suggested we configure the ship as it was supposed to be deployed at the colony star system. He claimed that there was a plan to reconfigure it as a high orbit space station to be mothballed until the colony was self supporting enough to returned to space.” 
Three hours later the security chief reported to the Captain, “I found the intruders in year 830. They didn't remove their spacesuits so no identification is possible. They are human shaped, but only about five feet tall.  The bridge footage shows them attempting something with the navigation computer. However, either their ignorance or by deliberate design they crashed the system. It then appears they tried to download something to the system from a portable device, but that scrambled the screen. Then they left. They reappeared about six months later but didn't enter the ship. They attached rockets to the forward ice shield and steered the ship away from a trajectory that would have taken us into their star. They also attached a booster to the rear and accelerated us out of that star system. My guess is that they occupied that star system, and decided since they couldn't help us they'd get us away from their star system. The structure computer recorded another event almost a thousand years later. With the security footage all I can speculate is that we came very close to entering the event horizon of a black hole. That's what must have caused us to get redirected back here and probably threw us back in time. I'll have all the data on memory chips in an hour to transfer to Space Command. As soon as I can find the colony computer I'll do a complete systems data dump to it and prepare it for transfer.” 
“Commo, send the following message to General Shawn.  Due to computer damage we've lost the space station plan for the ship at colony location. Please forward it to us ASAP. Also inform Space Command that I intend to dump all colony support equipment from the cargo bays to reduce the mass of the ship, unless they have a better suggestion.” instructed the Captain.  
“Message away Sir.” 
“I've got to get some sleep.  Buzz me when the replies come in.” stated the Captain.
“Yes Sir.  If you weren't moving I'd swear you were dead.” replied the Communications officer. 
“Remind me to courts martial you if we survive, OK.” 
“Aye Aye Captain.” 
~o~
Space Command to Colony ship 01A4.  You will not dump the colony support cargo. It will be needed for the next colony ship. The space station plan was to detach the forward section and use the engines in the engineering section to boost the ship to a high stable orbit, preferably at a Lagrange point. However the engineering board indicates that after the forward section is removed the tug can mate at that point, and decelerate your ship. Verify receipt of the message. 
~o~
As the Captain sat down for breakfast the chief engineer entered with the newly awakened cargo technician. As soon as they had grabbed some food the Captain waived them over to his table. “Question, what effect will acceleration have on the cargo in the cargo bays it is applied from the direction of the forward ice tower?” 
The cargo technician rubbed his chin and then stated, “From the way it's packed, everything on the lower levels will crush everything on the upper levels and probably punch through to the cryo section. I wouldn't advise it.  The cargo was loaded for acceleration in one direction only. The chief mentioned that you were thinking about jettisoning the cargo, but that can't be accomplished in less than a week with a full cargo crew. Parts of the hold were built around the cargo for support and those parts were to be transported to the planet.”  
“Well Chief, that means that you need to figure out how to mate the tug to the location were the engineering section tube went.  Hopefully you can make the modifications needed to mate the tug. I hope they forwarded to you the disconnection instructions for the ice tower. I'd suggest you keep a cable on the tower until you determine if you need any parts off it. 
“I remember the tug Captain bitching about the fact that the main rocket didn't fit the hole in the tug when the first mating was tried. I'm sure that you thought of leaving just enough of the engineering tube sticking out for him to center the tug on. I don't know how the dimensions of the engineering section are in relation to the main body. Two of the construction ships will be here in a few hours, and the tug in the morning. Keep me informed on your progress and if you need to cannibalize any of the colony cargo you have my permission. I'll bite the bullet as far as Space Command orders go. We have almost seven thousand colonist down there that at least deserve a chance to survive.”   
* * * * *


FLT Propulsion

“Damn it Doctor Jones, I know you've spent almost your whole life working on this propulsion system. You still have one problem you haven't solved!” stated the head of the review board. 
“But Sir Percival, I am close to solving that problem. That is why I need the additional funding for space probes.” 
“Doctor Jones, your scientific accomplishment are impressive. Your first twenty years were very fruitful. Your inventions improved the safety of spacecraft by 250%. Also in those accomplishments was the new propulsion system you designed. It cut down travel time within the solar system. In the last eighteen years your work on faster than light propulsion system has gobbled up funds at an incredible rate. Your published papers are a magnet that pulls young researchers into your field at an ever increasing rate, to the detriment of other fields. 
“A decade ago you proposed that the center of mass for binary stars was dark matter. This theory set the astronomy field on its ear. Trillions of credits and ten years of experiments have yet to definitively prove your theory. Everyone realizes that something, either immaterial or material, is the center of gravity for binary and other multiple star systems. Exactly what it is, is the question. 
“This last request for funding and this line of experiments is deemed radical and probably to dangerous to allow. Even though no companion star to our sun has been located, or proven to exist, a faint gravity well was discovered and mapped by your probes. If this is a center of mass, as you theorize, our sun could have had in the past a companion star whether it was a brown dwarf or a larger companion. 
“A direct assault upon this gravity well is inadvisable. Your experiment to illuminate it with thermonuclear devices would probably work, but collateral effects may destabilize this gravity well. The unknowable side effects are unpredictable at this time. Four years of intense study have yet to locate any indications that a black-hole is or ever was our sun's companion. Also your first alternative experiment to send an unmanned spacecraft to record all possible types of data in that area would result in immense cost. Your second alternative to send a manned spacecraft to the area would take over a decade, not to mention the years the crew would spend traveling or dangers involved.”
“But Sir Percival, the mere fact that this gravity well may be dark matter, would be crucial in the development of safety systems to minimize dangers in tuning a FLT propulsion system. As you know I am a cautious man and to the scientific communities angst, I've forced them to double check every invention and improvement to spacecraft during my long career. None of my inventions proved detrimental. None of my working improvements to existing systems proved detrimental. To advance my FLT propulsion system without verifiable proof that the gravity wells in space are dark matter, would be foolish.” 
“We know that Dr. Jones.” 
“What you may not realize Sir Percival, is that without that proof any FLT propulsion system would not have the safeguards to avoid exiting into normal space in the vicinity of a black-hole or gravity well, whether formed from dark matter or other other natural phenomena.” 
“Dr. Jones, five peer group reviews and two review boards have determined this series of investigations to dangerous to proceed. The two review boards voted to remove all your funding. However, one of the peer groups came up with an alternative. They theorized that the current knowledge base on dark matter has a gravitational effect. It seems to clump in certain areas between stars. Between the galaxies it seems to have both an anti-gravitational and gravitational effect. Their report indicates that probable safety systems could be designed to take into account these effects to design a drive that would not exit into normal space in the vicinity of either. Their suggestion is that you design the navigation system to avoid any type of gravity well. This may throw the spacecraft a light-year from its original destination, but they also included in their report your latest propulsion system for travel to the destination. 
“This board is the final arbitrator and will make the final decision on your research. We leave you with two options. You can design a system that has safeguards to avoid gravity wells. Statistical data indicates that prior to your career the safety record of spacecraft was 72%. They indicated that you could design a system 88% reliable. Here is a copy of the last peer groups report for you to analyze.
“We all know that is below your self set safety goal. This would allow volunteer crews, that know the risk, to further explore detected gravity wells and indicated dark-matter clumps.
“Your other option is to retire with honor. We will reconvene Monday at 9 AM for your decision.” 
~ ~ ~
Monday morning Dr. Jones walked in with a smile on his face. As the board took their seats he shuffled his stack of papers and announced. “I've made my decision. It is not either of the two you gave me, but a combination of the two. I hope the board will accept it.”
“Dr. Jones, we are authorized only the two options we gave you, nothing else.” 
“Sir Percival, if you will record my proposal and ponder the benefits, you and your superiors may find it is for the best. What I propose is my retirement allowing me to enjoy the fruits of my long scientific career. This would include numerous vacations and speaking engagements at centers of education, system wide. 
“The second parts are, I get copies of all research younger scientist develop for review. I will be allowed to suggest possible directions for them to research. All research suggestions will be filtered by a scientific peer review board. I will not have any final authority in directing their research, or responsibility for their mistakes. 
“All inventions relating to FLT propulsion systems will be given to me for analysis. If I discover any safety issues I will note them and forward my findings to the designated scientific or engineering peer review board. They will make the final decision to implement or not. That puts the responsibility directly on their shoulders.  
“Third, if I live long enough, after three successful flights of any FLT propulsion system spacecraft, I want to be on the fourth. My not so well hidden dream has been to see the stars close up. That has been my goal since childhood.
“I desire this to be a suitable solution, Sir Percival. The ball is now in your court. Immediately after leaving this building I am going to make arrangements for a long deserved vacation. I intend to visit all my children and grandchildren in the next two months. I'll await your decision.” 
“Damn you Dr. Jones! You've been a pain-in-the-ass since I was given this job eight years ago! 
“I apologize for losing my temper. I will forward your decision to the last peer review board and my superiors. Since you declined to accept either of the approved decisions your security clearances and access to your work is terminated. I will ensure that a final decision is made and you will be personally contacted by one of this boards members within the next two months. 
“Good-by and enjoy some time with your children. Also, have some fun yourself.” 

Doctor Jones sent emails to all his staff and associates. Then he sent an email to his daughter. 
~ o ~


Albert got off the plane in Miami on a rainy Friday morning and rented a car. An hour later he pulled up in front of his daughters house, and watched her working in the yard before getting out and walking over. 
With a squeal she launched herself at him and yelled, “Kids. Grandpa is here.” Moments later two preschool girls were demanding to be picked up. 
Saturday when he took the children to a movie he got an uneasy feeling. Looking around the theater was hard because of the shadows. Pulling his cellphone ear-piece out he made a call to Linda, his daughter. Informing her of his feeling, she said she'd handle it. When the movie was over he noticed several police officers at the exits. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted another by his rental car. 
The cop introduced himself as Officer James Franklin. He handed him a card and said, “Call me after you get the children home.” 
Back home Linda announced to the children, “James will be by later this afternoon with pizza.”
The girls squealed as Linda smiled at her father. 
Albert pulled out his phone and called the number on the card and said, “James, please have anchovies, added to my pizza, the kids will take the usual.” 
“Sure thing Albert, I'm bringing you a date, hope you like redheads.” 
“I'm too old for a date James, but I'll be nice.” 
Three hours later a car pulled into the drive and James got out with a redhead. He simply introduced her as Red. “She will be your date and deliver you to the airport when you leave.” 
She gave Albert a hug and whispered in his ear, “I'm your date and security while you're here. Several suspects were identified at the theater, but we don't know who they're working for.” Releasing Albert she stepped back and simply said, “Hi Linda, James asked me to babysit the kids while you're out this evening.” 
“Red, you weren't supposed to say anything until I asked Linda out for dinner. Why do you keep spoiling my surprises?” 
“James, you know she can't refuse you now.”
“Red, I can refuse to go out with James tonight, but I won't. Come help me dress while Dad and James talk. James, feed the children.” 

Upstairs in her bedroom, Linda turned while cocking her pistol and said, “Red, exactly who are you, and who do you work for?” 
With a smile, Red replied, “National Security, working as a private security, your Dad is my assignment. It would be ideal if I could stay here, but if that's an inconvenience, we can put him up downtown.” 
Putting the pistol back in the drawer, Linda said, “I was hoping that the this kinda shit was over. Between Dad and my husband, it's been a strain for decades. You can sleep in here, I'll sleep in the kids room.” 
“By the way Linda, You should have seen the look on James' face this afternoon when you called and he thought you and the girls were in danger. He has it bad! You'd better grab him before he gets in trouble. He's in love with you! 
“Your Dad has three lectures scheduled in the area in the next month. If you want to get married again, let me know and I'll jab James in the neck until he asks you.” 

Downstairs James was explaining to Albert that Red was a top notch security officer. Then he admitted that he'd been dating Linda on and off for over a year. He was in love with her, but she seemed to put him off every time he got romantic. He knew about her first husband and how he died. “I was briefed about your status and how you were forced to retire. However, some people still think you know too many secrets, and they want that knowledge. We were told you are a class one asset, right up there with the president! As soon as you leave next month, Linda will be relocated, I mean transferred by her company to a secure location.” 
“Well James, I think that about sums it up, however I don't need a babysitter.” 
“You've got one whether you want her, and her team, or not. One of the suspects got a phone call off before he could be apprehended this morning. That means they know, that we know they are trying to kidnap you or use your family as leverage. Your son's already got security, and they've been informed. He will be transferred to the moon within the week. 
“From what I gathered, you will be used as bait to identify the organization that wants you.”
“Why can't I just retire James? You'd better keep my daughter and her children safe. I'd rather die than see them hurt!”
“Albert, I don't think it will come to that. If only she wasn't afraid to get married again.” 
~ ~ ~
That evening after dinner and dancing James pulled back in the drive in front of the house. Walking around to open Linda's door he dropped to one knee, and told her he loved her, and wanted her to be his wife. 
Linda started crying and ran into the house and up to her room. 
James had a rejected look on his face as he walked into the house and dropped onto the sofa. Looking at Red, he simply announced, “I blew it again. Shoot me and put me out of my misery.” 
Red got up and left the room. Upstairs she heard Linda in the children's room talking to them. She was explaining to them that James had a job like their father, and he wanted her to marry him. It was a dangerous job and he could be killed like their daddy. Then she asked them, “What should I do?” 
Both girls said, “We love him, can he be our new daddy?” 
“Yes, but you know that we could loose him.” 
“You can keep him safe mommy.”
“I'll try.” 
Red slipped back downstairs and slapped James upside the head, and announced to Albert; “You've got a wedding to plan.” 
Moments later the children burst into the living room and pounced on James yelling, “You're going to be our new daddy!” 
James watched Linda regally walk in and announce, “I've got a ton of things to arrange. Will the end of the month be OK James?” 
James sat there with his mouth hanging open. 
With a smile Red said, “Your Dad and I will make the general arrangements, you'll need a dress, and James had better have the rings in the morning, or I'll bend his head.” Then she pulled a hidden radio and said, “I need a team assigned to James tonight.” 
Over the radio everyone heard, “You mean that she finally said yes? I'll be right over.” 
~ ~ ~
Two of the lectures went off without a hitch.  An attempt was made as they left the third. The wedding went off without a hitch and James and Linda left on their honeymoon; leaving the children with Albert and Red. Two days later Albert and Red took the children to the airport and headed to San Francisco. 
Albert was scheduled to give two lectures there, three in London and several others in Europe. 
Leaving the second lecture in London, Red didn't recognize the drivers and told Albert to get back inside. As he turned gunshots rang out. Three of Reds team fell and Red was hit in the arm. However, the drivers all died, along with their lookout. 
That afternoon Sir Percival arrived. He simply informed Albert that he was no longer retired, and recalled to the moon. 
* * * * *

The Destroyer

“Navigator, get us out of here.” 
“Captain, navigation computer off-line.” 
“Pilot, random jump now!” 
“But Sir, ---” 
“Do it now!” 
“Initiating now.” 
The swirling twisting sensation knocked almost everyone on the destroyer out. The Captain was first to recover. “Navigator, location now.” 
“Captain, we're sideways.” 
“Explain.” 
“Instruments indicate we're deep within a gravity well. Collision radar shows a massive object within a thousand miles and multiple small objects on collision course.” 
“Shields up now.” 
“Sir, the weapons station reports impact with a planetary defense station in two seconds. Shields at 40% and building.” 
“Pilot, emergency power now parallel to largest object.” 
“Navigation, give the pilot a bearing.” 
“Pilot, horizon plus 8°, don't worry about direction now just get us escape velocity!” 
“Navigation, status.” 
“Captain, we're accelerating, I should say falling toward the planet at 32 feet per second. Forward velocity zero. Atmosphere 830 miles, altitude 943 miles and decreasing.”  
“Captain,” stated the weapons master, “that impact was a planetary defense station. Minor hull damage. Next impact three seconds, we're falling through their defense bands.” 
“Pilot, status.” 
“Captain, main engine 90%, shields 48%. Velocity 160 feet per second forward, 93 feet per second down.” 
On the shipboard system the Captain announced, “Attention all personnel, rig for multiple impacts, we are within a planetary gravity well, all weapon stations seal your stations and move to interior of ship.” 

“Captain,” yelled the pilot, “we'll hit atmosphere in 30 seconds. We're still a brick. I'll aim at the ocean with your permission.” 
“Pilot do your best.” Over the system the Captain announced. “It's been a privilege serving with you, the finest crew in the Alliance. All personnel get to your assigned evacuation pods, but do not launch. The pilot is going to land us in the ocean.” 
The pilot rotated the destroyer to minimize heating the hull armor only on one side. The hull was so hot it vaporized the first hundred feet of ocean water upon contact. The next hundred feet of water was partially vaporized. The hull retained its integrity and several minutes later the ship rose to the surface. 
“Captain, we're inverted, if the artificial gravity fails we'll be walking on the ceiling.” 
“Pilot, will firing all the thrusters on one side flip us over?” 
“It will take me a minute to program. I'll set the top port and bottom starboard to fire at the same time. 
“Firing now. 
“Maneuver successful Sir.” 
With a sigh of relief the Captain said, “Weapons master, get your people to man everything operational. Get damage control to rig surface scanning equipment for fire control and navigation. 
“Navigator, any idea what planet we're on and our location?” 
“Sir, you're not going to like this. We're on Tau Cetti 2. From radio transmissions, the Empires ground forces have launched a major search for a downed spacecraft. They think we're a resupply ship.” 
 “Well, where are we?” 
“Sir, last years battle line update indicate we are in the Empires zone. We need to head spin-ward, err, east to get out of their occupation zone. The reason the planetary defense system didn't fire upon us is because the negotiation teams are scheduled to be here to discuss a cease fire. We are in violation because this is a declared nonaligned planet.” 
“Pilot get us headed east. 
“Communications, send out a general distress call without ITT or ship identifier. Also contact the planetary government and request asylum. 
“Our mere presence here could disrupt the negotiations.” 
“Sir, I've got replies.” 
“Well, what do they say?” 
“Both the Empire and Alliance commanders demand that we head for their spaceports. The planetary government demands that we lift off and leave the planets surface immediately. If we make contact with either negotiation team they will bomb us.” 
“Communications, ignore the negotiation teams and send the following message to the planetary government. 'This spacecraft is damaged. It cannot lift from the surface. The Captain request political asylum for all surviving personnel, and will surrender this damaged spacecraft to the planetary government. Arrival in orbit and crashing on the surface was unintended. The Captain realizes that our accidental arrival could upset the possible ceasefire being negotiated, therefor he cannot surrender or make contact with his superiors on the negotiation team.” 
“Message sent Sir, however both negotiation teams demand we identify ourselves.” 
“Bureaucrats, don't they think beyond their noses. If we identify ourselves the other side will claim foul and attack us with any weapons they smuggled to the surface. Do you know trade language?” 
“Broadcast this in trade and local language. 'This spacecraft is damaged and unable to lift from the planets surface. The Captain in good conscience cannot surrender to anyone except a representative of the planetary government.” 
“Sir got a reply, the planetary government instructs us to head south to the southern continent.
“Shit, I'm now picking up transmissions on the military bands. They're encrypted.” 
“Pilot, turn us south and make best possible speed. Use the main engine if it still works. 
“Sir multiple contacts, I think they're all atmosphere aircraft. We're being called. I'll put it on speaker.” 
Unidentified warship. You will cease attempting to escape. You will surrender to the Empire negotiation team commander or be fired upon. 
“Sir getting similar message from Alliance commander.” 
“Broadcast this. 'The Captain of this unidentified warship will only surrender to the legal planetary government. We are proceeding south to their nearest seaport. Any military force attempting to stop this warship will be fired upon by order of the Captain.” 
“Sir, surface contact.” 
“Sir, surface contact is firing at us with large projectile weapons. The shields will not be effective.” 
“Weapons, get someone to sink that ship.” 
“Communications, broadcast on all frequencies that this spacecraft has an antimatter power core. If any attack breaches the engineering section the resulting damage will be catastrophic. The Captain request a ceasefire and safe passage to the southern continent.” 
“Sir the planetary government demands we deactivate the power core.” 
“Communications, inform them that the only safe way to deactivate the antimatter power core is to jettison it in deep space. There is no way to neutralize antimatter except expose it to matter and let them annihilate each other. The resulting release of energy would have catastrophic results on a planets surface. This is a deep space warship and never intended to land on a planets surface. Our arrival here was unintended and purely accidental.” 
“Sir, the planetary government representative on the radio says that the ship attacking us is a terrorist group. We have permission to defend ourselves.” 
“Weapons, is that surface ship neutralized?” 
“Yes Sir, but we have hull damage and the shields are off-line.” 
“Instruct your gunners that anything that looks aggressive should be neutralized. Is damage control going to get the damage fixed?” 
“The hull damage can be isolated, but the rear shield control room was damaged beyond repair. The projectiles penetrated three decks.” 
“Sir, a subsurface ship just launched six missiles. We got five of them, but one detonated. Sir it had an atomic warhead. Engineering reports radiation damage.” 
“Communications, broadcast to the planetary government that we have been attacked and sustained damage to engineering. We will be turning north toward the middle of the ocean. Antimatter core containment will fail shortly. They should evacuate to deep shelters and pray.”
Seventeen minutes later, over three pounds of antimatter started reacting with the surrounding matter. The resulting release of energy vaporized over a million cubic miles of ocean, seabed, and the mantle below. The tectonic plates making up the planets surface reacted badly from the shock wave. The plume of vaporized ocean, seabed, and a thousand miles of planetary core threw the planet out of orbit. 
The gravity wave generated destabilized the orbits of everything within the star system. The star flattened on one side and then rebounded by going nova. 
Only a few of the spacecraft near the outer limits of the star system survived to report observing the destruction. 
* * * * *


The Garden

Flying down the side path, she held both hands up and yelled, “Whoopee!!!” 
She saw the stick in the path and instantly remembered what her father had told her. “Your bike is just like my car, a machine. You need to be responsible and in control at all times.” 
Grabbing for the handlebars, she missed. The front wheel turned and she lost her seat. Flying butt over shoulders she just missed the low fence and slid into a garden.
Regaining her breath, she sat up and looked right into Mrs Wilson's eyes. 
The pain in her ear was intense every time she didn't move fast enough. Mrs Wilson's fingers had a death grip on her left ear. It hurt more than landing on her back. Two houses down her mother was standing at the door as Mrs Wilson led her through the gate into their yard, right through the front door, down the hall and into her room. With a small flick of her wrist, she aimed Susan toward her bed, and let go. 
Sprawling on her bed she watched as Mrs Wilson turned to her mother and state, “She was showing off again and crashed into my garden. I'll have to replant almost half of it again.” 
Susan's mouth dropped open when her mother smiled holding up her fist, and taking a swing at Mrs Wilson. Mom wouldn't fight Mrs Wilson, they're best friends.
Mrs Wilson sidestepped, kicking her desk chair into her view-screen. Reaching down she grabbed the chair and tossed it in mom's direction. 
Mom sidestepped and it crashed into her picture collection. Grabbing a picture she brought her arm back like she was going to throw it. It sailed past Mrs Wilson's head like a Frisbee and shattered on the wall. 
In horror Susan watched as they threw and tossed her favorite possessions around the room breaking almost everything, working their way toward the door to the hall. The last item Mrs Wilson swiped at and tore off her wall by the light switch was the poster of her favorite singer as she ducked into the hall. Her mother was one step behind, and grabbed the door slamming it. 
The silence was unbearable, until she heard the front door. Looking out her window at an angle she caught a glimpse of her mother and Mrs Wilson shaking hands at the front gate. They destroyed my room and now they're shaking hands. How can mom let her get away with it? 
Minutes later Susan heard a knock on her door. Opening the door she saw her mother with a frown on her face. “Your rooms a mess, get it cleaned up. Oh and by the way, no bicycle, you're grounded.” 

Graduation

Five years later Susan sat with her class as Mr Wilson gave the commencement address. As a war hero he was a man of few words. 
Everyone of you has struggled with the academic program. I know, I've seen most of you grow up, and watched as the teachers pulled their hair at your attempts gather and utilize knowledge to outdo each other. A few of you learned other lessons the hard way. Schooling was different in your great grandparents day. Years ago the educators thought that by grading the students, they could tell how successful they were at teaching. One of the outcomes of the last war was the new education system. You're now sworn to silence! As you look around, you'll see an age discrepancy in the graduating class. That's because if you didn't comprehend the subject and master it; you repeated it again and again until you did. Everyone of you learned the basics, the intermediated subjects, and how to manipulate your surroundings. Now, you will tackle the real world. A few will go to advanced courses in different areas and learn things that will shake you down to your core. Congratulations, and welcome to the real world! 
With that he sat down and the principle started calling the students up to receive their diploma's and future assignments. 
Susan knew she was the oldest in her class, and dreaded her future assignment. Looking back, she realized that she'd struggled to understand many things. She was almost always last to complete most sections. If only I was smarter. I'll probably end up as a farmer or factory worker. 
Grasping her diplomas she saw the purple sheet of paper attached. After shaking the principles hand she slouched off the stage and took her seat. Watching her classmates look at their attached papers, some were happy and a few looked puzzled. Finally she looked at hers. She had a week to report to factory 43 in the capitol. Hanging her head she refused to meet the eyes of her friends. 

The trip to the capitol was miserable, and it wasn't just the rain. The transport pulled up in front of a dreary looking building with a high fence. This looks more like a prison than a factory. 
The guard at the gate simply growled, “Papers” as she stepped forward. As he passed her ID over the scanner it beeped. “You're eight minutes early. If you can't arrive when directed, how do you think you'll succeed here.” 
Susan replied, “Succeed hell, I just want to get this over with.” 
With an evil grin he pointed, “Door two, you'll wait in the lobby until your time. Go!” 

Sitting on the hard plastic chair, she noticed the silence, and then the fact that the room seemed charged. The hair on the back of her neck was almost standing on end. She immediately realized that someone was trying to influence her mind like the instructors in her high school. Immediately clamping down on her imagination, she heard whispers. 
'Not bad for a trainee.' 
'Think she has the capabilities?' 
'Maybe.' 
'Well, go in. It's time.' 
A woman walked in and stated, “Susan, follow me.” 
After getting her room assignment and what looked like a work schedule, she was free with a reporting time after lunch. Wandering the halls she found many doors locked and finally spotted several people headed in the same direction. Following them she found the dining hall. The low conversation level surprised her. And then everyone turned to look at her. After a few seconds they went back to eating, and she spotted the food line. 
Walking over, a server shoved a tray in her hand and stated, “Serve yourself.” 
After loading her tray she looked around for an empty seat. All the way in the far corner she spotted an empty table. Silence followed her path as she crossed to it. 
As she stuck her fork into the asparagus, she heard, “I wouldn't eat that if I was you. They never cook it right. By the way, I'm Nancy, your guide this week.” 
Looking up she was amazed at the pale blue eyes of the redhead standing across the table from her. 
Setting her tray down she slid into the vacant chair. “I'll show you around. We put communication devices together for the defense force.” 
Susan replied, “I thought this was a prison of some sort. The guard at the gate was so mean.” 
“George, he's a big puppy. After all this is a secret manufacturing plant. Got to make it look unattractive to the general populous.” 

After lunch Susan was guided to a workroom. The table was covered with parts. Nancy walked over and said, “Watch.” Slowly she picked up part after part and fitted them together. “Now you try.” 
Susan tried to copy her sequence most parts wouldn't fit. When she set down what she'd gotten together, it fell apart. 
“Don't worry Susan, you'll get the hang of it. Now I'll show you some of the other assembly points.” 
Days later Nancy was putting together another communicator slowly step by step. Susan picked up the same part and orientated it just as Nancy had. 
She noticed that there were small protrusions that didn't have corresponding holes. “These can't fit together.” 
Nancy commented, “Use you imagination, I'll be back in a bit.” 
Clearing her mind she picked up the half assembled machine that Nancy was working on. It felt weird and the hair on the back of her hands stood on end. She recalled the last time she felt this. This feeling is about the same as I had in energy manipulation class. Fred and I were the only two that took that class over. Picking up her assembly she cleared her mind and tried to feel the two tabs and where they made contact with the base. They slid together and she felt a tug in her mind. Picking up the next part she tried again. It felt weird, but it almost jumped out of her hand clicking into place. With the last piece attached she heard the whispers. Without thinking she said aloud, “Who's there?” The whispers continued. Then she thought, “Who's there?” 
Immediately there was silence and then a whisper said, 'Put down the communicator and move away from it.' As she did she heard another whisper say. 'She's ruined it. It's keyed to her now.' 
Nancy rushed in and grabbed the communicator and tried to remove the last part. When it wouldn't budge, she turned to Susan and yelled, “Take the last part off now.” 
In a daze Susan stepped over and the last part resisted for a second, and then popped off into her hand. The whispers stopped. 
Follow me stated Nancy as she grabbed the communicator. 
In another part of the factory she pulled open a door and the man at the desk looked up. “Is this the reason for the alert?” 
“Yes Sir, she's been in training for a week. I left her alone as directed. She finished assembly and somehow activated the communicator. I was unable to deactivate it. I had to get her to remove the tuner.” 
Pointing at the girls he simply commanded, “Sit.” 
Picking up a blue phone he simply said, “A trainee assembled her first communicator and activated it. I need her off planet immediately.” 
Turning to Susan he calmly said, “Young lady, assembly of these communication devices is critical to our defense. However, they are never activated on-planet because the signal can be traced, even if it cannot be deciphered. You took more than the usual three days to learn how to assemble them. Now the problem is how did you activate it? Well?” 
“I don't know sir. I just heard whispers after I put the last piece on. I got no response when I asked aloud who's there, but when I thought it, I got an answer.” 
Pulling up her record on his computer he ran several programs. Then he picked up the blue phone again and said, “There was another in her school that needs to be watched. He was in her E43 class.” 
Putting down the phone he said, “Nancy, she needs an escort until they pick her up in the morning. See to it that she's ready.” 
“Yes Sir. I'll need overnight relief.” 
“Susan, eat a good supper. There is no food during transfer. You'll get there hungry.”
“You can't just shuffle me around without cause. It's tyrannical.” 
“Sorry Susan, it military necessity. You were incorrectly classified. The last war wasn't just about freedom, it was also about survival. Our enemies destroyed our home plant and three colonies. Why do you think there were no lessons on geology or astronomy in school. Our planet was a colony of a colony. We only survived because they didn't know where we were. 

The Trip

They claimed it was only a short jump, but six hours. The only time she'd been cooped up inside a vehicle for six hours was when the family had gone to the mountains camping. 
She heard someone say contact confirmed, but still couldn't see anything on the view-screen. 
A guy in uniform came back into the cabin and jerked open the rear door. He dragged out a box and said to her, “Our communications is being blocked. They said you had a communicator and could use it. As soon as you put it together, read this message and think it letter by letter. Susan, can you do that?” 
“Yes, what's the problem?” 
“Susan, we don't have much time, here.” The message was written left to right, but the words were all spelled backwards. 
She fumbled the communicator tuner and immediately heard whispers. 'Message follows. 524658Z 852947Y 778487X 654654W 156157V 748596U.' 
As she finished the whispers said, repeat. 'Message follows. 524658Z 852947Y 778487X 654654W 156157V 748596U.' 
Everyone in the cabin was suddenly talking at once as flashes appeared to the left of the shuttle. The whispers suddenly said, 'Susan, tell the pilot -4Z +500 on mark. Get forward now!' 
As she got up and started up the isle a guy in uniform jumped up and yelled “Get back to your seat.” 
Without thinking she slammed the communicator into his face and yelled, “Can you operate this?” 
As he fell backwards she stepped on his stomach and then missed his face by inches. With her other hand she started pounding on the door. She felt someone grab her ankle as the door opened and everyone saw the flashes through the front view-screen in the cockpit. She fell forward into the arms of the guy that had handed her her communicator. 'They said, -4Z +500 on mark.' 
She felt the impact as he kicked someone behind her and then dragged her into the cockpit and slamming the door. Throwing her into a seat and strapping her in, he calmly said; “Tell them ready to implement.” 
Susan thought, 'He says ready to implement.' 
Tell him, “Mark, and you need a headset to the pilot.” 
“They say I need a headset to the pilot.” 
“Tell the pilot, 'Yaw 20, Z 50, jump -200.' 
Susan repeated the whispers and then the whispers said, “Cancel Cancel, and take that headset off. You're transmitting on radio frequency.” Susan ripped the headset off as she yelled Cancel Cancel! They said I was transmitting on radio.” 
The guy across from her turned his seat around and started flipping switches and half the lights in the cockpit went dark. He then reached forward and rapped on the pilots helmet, and pulled it off. “Captain, our radio is compromised.” 
He yelled back over his shoulder. “Girl, talk loud so I can hear you.” 
The whispers then said, 'X49, Z+5, retro 200, mark 2' 
Susan yelled “X49, Z+5, retro 200, mark 2” When the rockets fired and the shuttle flipped upside down she threw up and the vomit headed toward the front view-screen, then veered into the wall. She jammed the communicator into her blouse and wiped her hand across her mouth. The whispers started again.
A dozen maneuvers later the whispers said, 'Tell the pilot clear to alternate base 3.' 
As she repeated the message the pilot turned the shuttle over again and hit several buttons on the dash and took his hands off the controls. 
Turning he said, “Good job.” As he looked at her uniform he paled and said, “You're a trainee!” 
Susan replied, “Yes Sir, and I don't want to be here.” 
The guy sitting across from her interrupted and stated, “She's the reason we were delayed. She activated a communicator after assembling it with no training. When you mentioned that we may have to use the self-destruct, it hit me that we had a communicator aboard with an operator. She was the special package, so I grabbed her.” 
“Good thinking ensign, the wife would have been pissed if I blew myself up. Trainee, what is your name?” 
“Susan, Sir.” 
“Susan, did you have any problem getting forward.” 
“Yes Sir, I hit a guy in uniform with the communicator and stepped on him.” 
The ensign then stated, “The cabin steward will have one hell of a headache because I stomped him to get her free of his grip.” 
“Ensign, I'll need your after action report as soon as we dock. I'm going back now to debrief the passengers. If anything appears on the screen yell. Susan, stay put, your status aboard is supposed to be classified.” 

After the rest of the passengers were off the shuttle the cabin steward stepped into the cockpit and looked at Susan. “Sorry ma'am. I wasn't informed of your status. Forgive me for interfering.” 
Susan looked at his bloody face and answered, “I'm sorry I hit you so hard. I was ordered forward.” 
The Captain interrupted and stated, “The problem was a lack of information and if everyone can get past it, the incidents can be put behind us. I'll be at the watering hole in about two hours if anyone wants something to drink. Get your log entries in ASAP. Mine is simply going to state that we were attacked and had to call upon the assistance of a communicator operator. Dismissed!” 

The Station

As the Captain escorted her off the shuttle a man in plain clothes approached and said, “Susan, you're still transmitting. Disable your communicator and follow me.” 
Reaching into her blouse she pulled it out and removed the end piece. Sticking it in her pocket she replaced the main part back into her blouse and said, “Captain, I hope to see you again. Thanks.” 
As she caught up, the man stated, “Whenever you are near a station or planet, disable your communicator. That way its cannot be traced to a facility.
“We've got to get your trained up immediately. You were swamping the whole system. I'm surprised that the Captain of that shuttle didn't self-destruct.” 
“Sir, he was to busy, and the ensign is the one that got me the communicator and told me to contact someone through it.” 
“Well, they're all in deep shit now and will have to be reassigned.” 
“But Sir, they saved all our lives.” 
“Susan, the identities of the communication corps is classified. Only about ten percent of the military is even aware of the corps. We've had shuttles and personnel captured. The secrecy of the corps and the locations of our planets and our stations is the only reason we still live. The planet you grew up on will be either enslaved or eliminated if the enemy finds it. We've lost several new colonies and mining stations. This station will be relocated as soon as security verifies that there are no detection sites near enough to track us.” 
“Sir, the shuttle is bugged. When I had a headset on the whisperers said I was transmitting on radio.” 
He stopped and pulled a handset. “Operations, scan all personnel that arrived on the shuttle for transmitters. Also have the shuttle checked. Halt movement until transmitter is located and destroyed.” 
“Thanks Susan, you may have just saved all our lives and prevented the compromise of several other stations.” 
“The pilot said something hit the shuttle just before the attack.” 
He keyed his handset again and stated, “Operations, system wide alert. The enemy may now be tagging our shuttles and ships. My operator commented that the shuttle pilot mentioned he thought something hit the shuttle before the attack. Susan we've got to get you debriefed quickly.”  

Susan walked into the Watering Hole. She walked over and sat down by the ensign and captain. 
The captain started to say something before he recognized her. 
She calmly stated, “Captain, they know your report was incomplete. You forgot to mention that you thought something hit the shuttle before the attack, and they found some kind of radio attached to the hull.” 
“What!” 
“They figure that something spooked the enemy into attacking the shuttle. Otherwise it would have left the radio transmitter to track your movements. The alert has gone out system wide, and everyone is moving as soon as all the bugs are located.” 
“Ensign, if I still have my ship, I want you and the steward to procure EVA suits and bug detectors. Add to the pre-docking checklist a full hull inspection for foreign objects. That means that you two will have to memorize every inch of the hull, including the external propulsion system. Thanks Susan, would you like a drink.” 
“No thanks Captain. I've got several more hours of debriefing. I just stopped by for a sandwich or quick meal.” 
The Captain got up and went over to the bar. He was no sooner back in his seat when a waitress brought over a bowl of chili and asked Susan if she would also like a sandwich and what did she want to drink. 
The ensign piped up, “She has to work all night so, fix her a meal to go with a thermos of tea or coffee. Put it on my tab, please.” 
“Sorry sir, the captain told boss man how she saved the ship. She's on the house as long as she's on base.” 
Ten hours later the station jumped to a new location. 
* * * * *


The Mount

Mr President, “The plan for the metal detectors at all entrances to the Mount are complete. Installation will commence next week. We'll be able to reduce the number of soldiers detailed at the entrances by one half.” 
“Excellent, that will bring the Status Quo back into balance.” 
“One other thing Mr President, I'm sure you are aware that the Holy Mount society has requested a march permit for August.” 
“Yes, and I wish we could deny them the permit. If we did we'd loose a third of our support in the Parliament.”
~
Several weeks later, “Mr President, the metal detectors are working. We've confiscated over a hundred weapons and several small loads of ammunition. However, the Mount administration is complaining that we are stealing weapons from their worshipers.” 
“That is not the problem. The problem is what weapons have they smuggled already! If only we had the legal authority to search the Mosque.” 
“Well, we're screwed there. That decision was taken out of our hands fifty years ago.” 
“I have the list you wanted for a new commander over that section of Jerusalem. I still don't know why you wanted those civilians included, especially that liberal college professor.” 
“Think about it for another minute. Two are military. One is a Muslim. Two are conservative Jews, and one is a liberal college professor. This list is somewhat balanced. Almost everyone can claim that they were represented in the selection.” 
“Yes, but Mr President no one group will be happy when you finalize the selection. Especially after the board you selected makes its decision.” 
“This is between us John, the board will be split and their decisions will be talked about in the news. Now think about Professor Slovak. His published writings from Poland, and here for the last ten years are liberal. However, personal interviews with his son and a few friends indicates that he is a right wing hawk, and studies historical tactics.” 
“There is no indication of that in his history.” 
“Aha, yes John, he has hidden his true nature from two governments. It took his liberal activities fifteen years before the Polish government was fed up enough to deport him from his tenured position in their most public university; he was their showcase Jew to prove they were nondiscriminatory. As you know, our university system is liberal in it leanings. So he continued his charade to get a tenured position. He is well established, and well into the public eye.” 
“Mr President, you can't mean that you would put someone that knows nothing about the military in charge of that area. It would be a disaster!” 
“Yes John. The press and military would consider such a selection as insanity on my part. The Palestinians would immediately start planning a revolt thinking our military in that area are incapacitated by incompetent leadership.” 
“You're planing something sir. You know that they are already stirring up the populous about the metal detectors.” 
“I know John, the parliament will capitulate on the detectors and putting in a hi-tech system will cost millions. The present General has already indicated he plans to retire in September. He'll probably be hesitant to completely squash the rioters. Arrange for the board to immediately start interviews. Stet their decision date for the middle of July.”
“But sir, thats only three weeks away.” 
“I know, with the riots, the parliaments capitulation, and then the generals retirement; it will become time sensitive that I make an immediate decision. My decision will quiet things down for a week or two while everyone claims that I've lost my mind. As soon as the hi-tech security system is announced the riots will start again. If I'm correct my liberal appointee will surprise them all.” 
~

The presidents prediction turned out to be right on. The professor was ignored and the board could not come to a majority decision. 
The parliament finally decided upon a hi-tech system to maintain the Status Quo in having the Mount secured from weapons. Almost immediately some European governments, the Palestine government, several Arab governments, and the UN lam-blasted their decision. 
That afternoon, the president announced Professor Abraham Slovak as the new military commander for Jerusalem. To his surprise only one newspaper picked up on the appointment and the front page listed the professors liberal history and lack of qualifications. Another article indicated that the president must have lost his mind or been pressured by outside power groups to make such an appointment. 
The President and John watched the news for several days as the professor took control and remodeled his command structure. The news media started their campaign against the president as they reported on the professors misunderstood command changes. A few military historians grasp his plans, but they were discredited and ignored by the news media. 
August rolled around and the Mount society started their march. Extra soldiers were assigned their march route. As usual they were searched before being allowed unto the Mount. Surprisingly, two news helicopters were given permission to circle the Mount and record the demonstration. Their live broadcast were immediately rebroadcast internationally. The comments by the news commentators was liberal and inflammatory against the society.
On their second circle of the mosque, they recorded dozens of men rushing from the mosque and firing automatic weapons at the marchers. 
As the first military response helicopter crested the approached, it was shot down by a shoulder fired missile. The international coverage claimed technical difficulties and stopped broadcasting their coverage. More than half the marchers were down when the second helicopter opened fire on the men surrounding the mosque. The local media helicopter recorded the one missile impacting the group that had several shoulder mounted missile launchers. The secondary explosions were larger than the original missile explosion, and continued in sequence right up to the door of the mosque. Then an explosion inside took out the wall by the door and part of the mosque collapsed. 
Several RPG's were launched toward the helicopter by others surrounding the mosque. 

Three trucks containing troops entered the Mount plaza and quickly dismounted their troops. As they were fired upon, they returned fire with automatic weapons. When the first truck was hit by an RPG and exploded; they returned fire using antipersonnel rockets and grenades. 
Several more trucks took locations around the mosque. As they were fired upon, they returned fire with heavy weapons. 
Within thirty minutes the mosque was reduced to a pile of rubble and the men around it killed. The trucks then backed up to the the low walls around the Mount. 
Ambulances and medical personnel were searched and briefed before being allowed access to the Mount. They were instructed that under no circumstances were they to touch any weapons. If they did, they would be shot by the soldiers. They were to first cut free any military harness their casualty had, then they could triage the patient and move them out. 
The first medic and stretcher bearer approaching one of the men around the mosque was being recorded by a military reporter. As he cut the weapons harness from the casualty, the casualty exploded. The camera recorded the medics head being blown off, and the stretcher bearer being blown out of camera range. The military reporter was wounded. Everyone stopped and backed up. 
A few minutes later a military medical helicopter landed. Out marched a dozen soldiers and they told the civilian medical personnel they would take over. Each one grabbed a stretcher bearer and approached the casualties. After checking the casualty for bombs, they cut free all the outer clothing and started treating the wounded. Several near the mosque were marked with a red cloth and abandoned. When one reporter asked why they were abandoned, the Captain in charge simply stated that they were booby trapped. The reporter stated, but you can see that one is still moving, he's alive. 
The camera man recorded the Captain turning to the reporter and stating, “I give you permission to approach that casualty and disarm his booby trap. Go ahead.” 
When the reporter stuttered, the Captain commended. “You are as qualified as my medical personnel in removing booby traps. You'd risk their lives, but not your own. Mister, you are a hypocritical coward. Get out of my area of operations now, before I throw you over the wall.” 
As the reporter left he waived for his camera man to follow. A lieutenant simply stated, “You're not allowed to leave until released. You will continue to record and broadcast what goes on here.” 
An hour later the medics determined that all the live casualties had been removed. Two camera operators recorded a medic approached one of the bodies that was red flagged. He took a thin rope and looped it around the casualties arm and backed away. Fifty feet back he squatted down and jerked the rope. The body exploded. Pulling the rope in he approached another body, after looking it over he tied the rope to the leg and backed off. Everyone watching on television watched as he tugged the rope and that body also exploded. The international news media commented that it was a barbaric way to disarm booby traps. 

In Europe one show-host stated that they should respect the bodies of the dead and not treat them so. His co-host turned and told him that if he was so respectful, catch a plane to Israel and disarm them himself. The host cursed his co-host and immediately received a fist to the face. Then the co-host turned back to the camera and stated. “Sorry about that, but this ass would let a terrorist blow up his own mother, rather than stop him.” 
The producer called for commercials. The show resumed with the weather girl sitting in the co-host seat. A few minutes later he received a call. The network manager told him to get the co-host back on. The switchboard was receiving hundreds of calls supporting him. They found him getting his hand treated by a makeup girl. He instructed the girl to wrap it up and make it look like a serious injury. Then he turned to the co-host and told him to get back to his chair and not to hit anyone else. 
The co-host told him to keep fools away from him. Then he stated, my son was killed by terrorist, and anyone with terrorist leanings will get a knuckle sandwich. 

That evening a some unorganized protesters roamed the streets of Jerusalem. They were quickly arrested. 
The next morning, the professional protesters were out in force stirring up the crowds. 
General Slovak had the news media announce on radio and television that rioting would not be tolerated. A curfew was in effect from dusk to dawn for the next two weeks. 
By noon a mob was reported in the Arab sector of the old city. When they set fire to the first car, the military was activated. Several reporters were broadcasting the mob when they were met by riot police backed up with water cannons and teargas. 
The mob was breaking up when someone fired a shot, and a policeman's plastic shield shattered. As the policeman fell, a line of soldiers marched past them and opened fire with automatic weapons. Dozens of the mob fell, as others rushed to get away. The detail commander ordered his soldiers to ceasefire and advance. The civilian reporters recorded military cameramen following. Every body was checked for booby-traps. A few suicide vest were discovered along with several handguns. Those bodies were flagged. 
That afternoon on the local news, General Slovak re-announced the curfew from dusk to dawn. Behind him on a white board were pictures of the mob that died. He then announced that the family and relatives could retrieve the bodies from the street in the morning. 
The newsman asked, why must they lay in the street overnight. 
The General replied, I have a team of explosive experts removing suicide vest and booby-traps from the bodies. I wouldn't want any grieving mothers killed by a booby-trap blowing up nearby, would you? 
In the morning the relatives were surprised to find tanks guarding the area. Also several dead dogs. The Captain announced over a loud speaker that they could remove the bodies, any bodies left would be burned. 
Three hours later a dump truck pulled up and the six remaining bodies were loaded. The news crew followed them out of the city where a bulldozer had dug a hole. The bodies were dumped in the hole, doused with gasoline and set fire. Just before dusk the bulldozer shoved dirt to fill in the hole, and ran over the area several times to pack it down. A flat marker was placed, it simply stated, terrorist are buried here. 
* * * * *


The Teacher

After years of ridicule and intellectual harassment, James finally left his university position and moved to Montana.  The small town only had one school building, divided into three sections.  The section he was to work in was the section containing ninth through twelfth grades. At least he didn't have to take the football or baseball teams like the biology and math teachers did. 
Not a week into classes and he already identified the deadwood students. Only three impressed him as thinkers. 
John, a senior, spent most of his time looking blankly at the wall with his eyes glazed over.  Any question to him got an intelligent answer, and not all out of the textbook. 
Susan, a sophomore, looked board a minute after she opened her text book on the first day and read the index. The first Friday he asked her a question that half his last college freshman class missed on their finals. He could see the utter look of panic as she mentally reviewed her knowledge and then finally said, “That question and solution is not in anything I've studied.” 
James replied, “I hope not, because that was a college level question that half of my last class failed on their final exam. Pay a little attention and you may learn something that isn't in this tenth grade science book.” 
The third was a freshman, a ninth grader named Albert. He was a year older than the rest of his classmates, because he'd failed the eighth grade. Everyone knew that his father was pushing him to join the football team, so the girls swarmed him and did their best to get his attention. That handsome young man did his best to concentrate with all the distractions. I counseled him on the first Thursday, and the next Monday I chewed him out in class for not paying attention and moved him to the front row. That Wednesday he stopped at my desk after the classroom cleared out and thanked me, and informed me that someone had told his parents. Any day now his father would be storming down to find out why he was being picked-on.  
I wasn't called in to the principles office until Friday. Then I was confronted by Susan's and Albert's fathers. The principle was cowering behind his desk as they turned on me. I just walked over and sat down on the old couch while they ranted and raved about me picking on their children. With a smile I raised my hand and waited for them to notice. They didn't, so I leaned back, crossed my legs, and waited. I'd seen the same behavior in young college boys working themselves into a lather before attacking someone. 
A few minutes later when they stopped to breathe, I calmly stated, “I haven't understood a word either of you said, because you both were talking over each other. Now if one of you will state your complaint, I'll give you an answer. Then the other can state his complaint, and get an answer. However, if both of you rudely talk over each other, you can have your lawyers contact my lawyer and we'll settle this attempt to bully me in court.” 
The shock of my standing up to them stopped them for a moment. Susan's father recovered first and started by demanding why I was picking on his daughter by asking her questions on material that I had not covered in class. 
My reply was short and to the point, “After observing your daughter for a week, I determined that she was fairly smart and knew the material in the textbook. I threw a college level science question at her that will be touched on in her next years science class. It got her attention and she started paying attention to the class.” 
Albert's father then stated, “You counseled my son, and then two days later started picking on him and moved him to the front of the class. Why?”
“Your son already has several strikes against him. First, you are pressuring him to join the football team. He has no interest, and would rather play baseball. Second, his good looks draw girls like honey draws bees. That's probably why he failed the eighth grade, because of the distractions. Third, he is fairly smart, but doesn't know how to concentrate and study. By moving him to the first row of seats, he won't see some of the distractions unless he turns around. Forth, he needs to learn how to study. I'm going to request the principle and school board add that class to the curriculum. Shall I continue or does that answer your complaint? 
Albert's father just stood there and glared at me. Then he turned and stomped from the office. Susan's father was one step behind, and slammed the door hard enough to rattle the windows. 
The principles eyes were almost bulging out and his first words was, “My gawd, how could you insult them by saying their children were only fairly smart.” 
With a smile I replied, “Monday you will have on your desk a study class curriculum to present to the school board for approval. I believe it can be taught to all the high school students in a few weeks. I will volunteer for the class, provided you furnish another teacher as my assistant. It must be mandatory for all students. I would also appreciate a one on one with all the teachers next week. 
“Either that or you can start looking for a substandard science teacher to replace me. One that can be bamboozled by the parents and yourself. If I stay, I will teach, and the students will learn. 
“Also, I have identified eighteen students that should be in a vocational curriculum, because they either don't have the smarts nor the ambition to further themselves. In my opinion they are killing time to get out of here and go to work on their family ranches. Unless they apply themselves, they will run those ranches into the ground. I think I would also like to talk to their parents one on one.” 
As soon as the principle regained his composure he stated, “I don't think the school board will approve your request, but I'll submit it. You are probably correct about many of your students, however their parents will never see their children as you see them.” 
“Hum mm, I shall talk to the math teacher this afternoon and then we will see what the school boards reply is next week.” I caught Mr. Wool after his next class and invited him out to dinner with his wife. 

My wife was still setting up her boutique, so I enlisted her to distract Mr. Wool's wife. I had reservations for a corner table in the only nice restaurant in town. After introductions my wife pulled her to the other end of the table for girl talk, I tackled Mr Wool by pulling a stack of papers out and spreading them on our end of the table. 
Before he could open his mouth I started by explaining my evaluation of my students. All he did was nod. Then I slid a paper across to him and stated that I would appreciate if he would slightly modify his curriculum over the next few weeks by hinting to his students; that their comprehension of basic math would enable them to handle their money more efficiently. Also grade any test and homework on an inverse curve where one hundred percent gets a passing grade and mistakes burn them to the bottom. 
He leaned back and stated, “That's easy. What are you planning?” 
“You know I was a college professor. I hate inefficiency. I am submitting a paper Monday to add a short class to the school curriculum. It will be on how to study.” 
Looking at me he said, “You'll loose half the student in the first class.” 
“I know, but what I hope to accomplish with your help is to set fire under at least a third of the deadwood. That little shock will allow me to drill down into their brains, and set an idea or two that hopefully will bring them out of their complacency. 
“By midterm I'm hoping to rattle the school board into splitting the curriculum into two parts; like in the old days. One being a path to higher education, and the other vocational training that will benefit the children after they graduate. I'll have to get some of the tradesmen and ranchers around town to help with that.” 
Leaning back in his chair, Mr Wool stated, “If you don't get run out of town this semester, you might have a chance.  The school board will never put up the money to pay for the programs you want.” 
“Ah, but they will accept volunteers once they understand that half the ranches in the area will fail once the deadwood students take charge, and run them into the ground. Tax money is the incentive they'll listen to. This program will work, but we won't see positive results for three or four years.” 
* * * * *


THE WARNING 

It took three months for the story to move from rumors in the conspiracy theory world; to almost confirmed fact. Several reporters ended up in jail with no outside contact allowed. 
The first to come forward claiming to be an eye witness was a Soviet soldier. He claimed to be on guard outside the premiers residence when the flying saucer landed, and the aliens rushed out stunning all the guards. He was in a sniper post almost half a kilometer distant from the security perimeter. They were inside the premieres residence for over half an hour. 
The second was an English civilian that was in the process of emigrating to Brazil. He claimed he was driving from his old residence to a hotel where he had a room. He was almost a quarter of a mile from Downing Street when he noticed people dropping like flies. Stopping his vehicle he had a view of what looked like a jumbo jet without wings hovering above the prime minister's residence; when what looked like a platoon of soldiers dropped from the aircraft. 
Several sources finally allowed the reporters to release their names and told their stories of watching the White House being invaded by a UFO. 
A maid in France told her story about the meeting between four men with armed guards in a hotel room in Paris. She claimed she didn't think anything about it at the time because the leaders of several dozen countries were there for an environmental meeting. However she heard several comments about aliens and a coming war.
Four months from the date the leaders were contacted the first of the soldiers started arriving and setting up in Australia. Groups of hundreds of combat soldiers were noticed by not just their countries reporters, the international reporters, but the Australian civilian population. The veil of secrecy was blown, and what the reporters thought was the full story came out. Contact with an alien species had been made. 
It wasn't until one ships crew got sick and were checked by medical personnel in Argentina; that the fact was discovered that radioactive materials were being transported. The doctor reported radiation sickness. The shipboard camera's showed the cargo loaded, and so called experts determined that they were weapons.
Two thousand soldiers and another thousand support personnel make quite a large camp. Another few thousand personnel supporting them made up the camp and crews at the port. 
Then the half mile long spacecraft arrived and they started loading. 
~ ~ ~

Once aboard the spacecraft the solders leaders were mildly surprised when every individual was given a physical by the alien doctors, and language translation modules surgically implanted in their left ear. What did surprise the officers was the equipment the aliens issued the soldiers: space suits, breathing devices, communication devices, more weapons, and finally the offer to test and train some as pilots.
Arrival on Mars was anticlimactic. What surprised everyone was the apparent gravity of Mars was more than Earths. Then the aliens informed the soldiers that they had changed the gravity in the training areas. 
The arrival briefing was a shocker. The insectoid species had overwhelmed the military forces of eight known civilizations. Their scouts had observed the insectoid species for five centuries. They traveled in hollowed out dwarf planets with enough support to conquer a star system and then colonize. They were slowly moving down the spiral arm. Their path was tracked and a forecast of their conquest mapped. The alien civilization was only a hundred light years further down. They planned to use the Earths military forces to delay or stop the insectoids. Sol system was in their direct path. The insectoids would arrive within a decade. 
Physical training started immediately to build the armies strength and endurance.
Weapons maintenance training started as soon as the soldiers could successfully walk from one gravity level to another without a massive physical reaction. Weapons live fie training was next. 
Jumping from assault craft to any location on Mars or it's moons became common place. Then open space training within the asteroid belt followed. In seven months, the eighteen hundred solders still alive were trained to the aliens standards. 
The Earth leaders had not been idle. The aliens training programs had been analyzed as well as any equipment that fell into their hands. As one said when they met with the alien military leaders; “Necessity is the mother of invention!” Equipment improvements were shown and demonstrated. Then they gave the alien military leadership their tweaks to their battle plans, including the plans to attack the insectoids spacecraft before they arrived. 
With their approval, more soldiers were brought from Earth to start training. Upgraded alien and Earth manufactured equipment started arriving monthly. 
Unmanned spy probes reported back with readings from the gravity drive that the insectoids were using. A new plan was proposed to place an antimatter cloud in front of the insectoid spacecraft. 
~ ~ ~

The antimatter cloud was dispersed in deep space. 
Antimatter and atomic mines were launched on ballistic courses for the insectoid convoy. Their approach was from the sides. 
Several hundred stealth fighters approached the convoy from the rear. They were supported by dozens of larger spacecraft with a new invention. It was an antimatter cannon that created the antimatter shells as fast as they were fired. 

At first the antimatter cloud didn't seem to affect the insectoid asteroid spacecraft. When thousands of mines arrived the battle started. As soon as the insectoids brought out their surface weapons the antimatter cloud immediately started affecting them. The mixture of atomic and antimatter mines started cratering the surface. It was immediately realized that there just weren't enough.
When the battle craft moved within range, their cannons managed to break the surface of several of the insectoid ships. Venting atmosphere they changed course and launched their own fighters. 
The Earth fighters were quickly outnumbered. Several hundred insectoid fighters entered the antimatter cloud while attempting to flank the Earth fighters. Their speed was their downfall. Antimatter reacting with the hulls soon pitted the hulls to the point where they were venting atmosphere as their crews died. 
One of the Vesta sized asteroid spacecraft changed trajectory and tried to ram the Earth battleships. The antimatter cannons ate a hole in it as they advanced. When it exploded, spacecraft from both sides were damaged by flying rock and other debris. 
The insectoids had changed course during the battle and continued away from the Sol system. Their remaining eighteen colony ships were still considered a danger.
Many of the Earth ships started collecting damaged spacecraft from both sides. The others continued pursuit and continued to bombard the insectoids with the antimatter cannons and atomic missiles until they ran out of missiles. 
The humanoids were appalled when the fifty percent losses by the Earthers was accepted without complaint. Their leaders would never have accepted such losses in a military operation. Then the earth leaders discovered that aliens had planned to use the time gained by the Earth's resistance to move their complete civilization away from the path of the insectoids. Their scouts were still out looking for suitable star systems. 
The Earth commander demanded to know if they had found any other civilizations with the technology to fight the insectoids. 
One had been located, and was being contacted. The Earth commander discovered that that civilization was only forty light years, and in the new direction of the insectoids path. He insisted that the space battle recordings and recordings of the insectoid conquest be shown to that discovered civilizations leaders. 
~ ~ ~

The second training group arrived on Mars. Their training was almost the same as the first groups. Only sixteen hundred and forty survived. A third of those were pilots. 
One new ship was designed. It had the power to accelerate one ton asteroids to a third the speed of light; along with its faster than light drive system. Mounted in many asteroids was half a ton of antimatter. A few were solid rock, but many had every type of nuclear weapon available. 
The targeting systems were upgraded to show previous impact locations for aiming. As the crescent of Earth ships approached the insectoid ships, hundreds of fighters were launched. The insectoids had kept their fighter pilots awake and ready to defend. 
It didn't make that much of a difference, except the asteroid bombers now had open launch bays to aim at. After a dozen hits they started closing the launch bay doors. Several of the bomber pilots didn't release their asteroids until it was to late to escape the defensive fire from the main ships. They died, but their asteroids hit the closing doors and blew them back into the launch bays. Everyone left poured missiles and antimatter shell fire into the damaged launch bays. Three of the insectoid ships exploded. The forth split in half and started to tumble. The Earth forces only managed to inflict surface damage to the remaining main ships, although several hundred of the insectoid fighters were destroyed. 
Two hundred earth fighters and a hundred and fifty larger ships surrounded the battlefield. A hundred alien salvage ships started scooping up every damaged fighter, and even sent a crew into one of the insectoid main ships that wasn't completely destroyed. 
That crew reported enemy contact. The earth commander ordered the company of soldiers to attack. Their method was to breach every compartment to the vacuum of space, and then enter. In less than half an hour they reported back that they were now running into insectoid soldiers in spacesuits. After planting several atomic bombs they retreated. The insectoid soldiers swarmed after them, and even managed to set up several large weapons. When one of the pickup ships was destroyed, the retreating earth soldiers turned back and counterattacked. Half were still inside the breach in the hull when the atomic bombs went off. The chain reaction started shattered the main ships rocky hull killing everyone withing a mile. 
A platoon of earth soldiers was launched with the orders to cut open every insectoid soldiers suit and insure they were dead. The two remaining platoons of earth soldiers rotated until there were no more live insectoids. Salvage operations resumed after the earth soldiers retrieved several dozen insectoid combat space suits. 
From analysis it was discovered that only the thorax and head sections of the suits contained atmosphere. Those two sections were the only heavily armored sections. The neck section was the weakest spot, but it still took over thirty seconds for the earth soldiers hand weapons to burn through. 
Now they only had to destroy thirteen more insectoid colony ships to be safe. 
~ ~ ~

Two thousand new solders arrived on Mars to be met by over a thousand veterans returning from deep space. With one veteran supervising every two trainees, nineteen hundred and twenty-three survived training. 
The Earth fleet launched ten months later from Mars and proceeded to where the insectoid ships should be. They weren't there. A search was started. After six weeks of searching half the insectoid ships were located. They'd changed course back toward Sol after the battle. The missing eight had turned back and then headed toward the reptilian civilization. The scout that found them headed toward the reptilian civilization star to warn them again. He encountered the alien ship just outside the star system and told them of the eight ships headed their way. 
He was then told to take a message back to the fleet. An insectoid scout ship had arrived at the reptilian system to scout it out. They'd managed to partially destroy it, then discovered a FTL drive added to the ship. 
This worried the reptilians. Thirty-eight years to prepare for the invasion was a decent length of time, but with the FTL drive thrown in, the invasion would be anytime without warning. They wanted to send a group to Mars to see how the Earthlings were training so they could set up a similar training program for their population. Their military was more of a police force than an army. 
Approaching the closest insectoid group of eight ships they found the wreckage of two. The others had changed course again. The earth salvage ships were busy, and being guarded by a small group of fighters. The commander in charge almost had a stroke when he found out that the insectoids had a FTL drive. He immediately copied the debriefing and sent two copies to Mars and two more to the remainder of the fleet. 
* * * * *



Training Detail

Specialist!
“Yes Platoon Sergeant.”
“Remember last month when you were late getting back from lunch?” 
“How could I forget, you've given me every shit detail you didn't want since.”
“Yea, now come to think of it. I guess I've given you enough shit details to cover the five minutes you were late because of that accident at the main gate.
“Tell you what, no more shit details until you screw up again or get caught in something beyond your control.” 
“Thanks Sarge. Was my leave approved?” 
Pulling his note book from his pocket he thumbed through several pages, and the paper paper clipped to them. Finally selecting one he unfolded it and turned it right side up. “Damn, I thought that was the supply list I asked for. See, it has todays date penciled on the back. Where is that report, it's due today. 
“Oh here it is under tomorrows date. You're lucky, you almost made me get that report to the 1SG in late.
“Well, it's to late to get your leave in for next week. Resubmit it and I'll sign it off after I get back from the beach this weekend. 
“Well shit, now who do I get for the special training of the new privates that arrived Monday. Those women are supposed to get three days bivouac and two rounds on the range before Tuesday. You're supposedly an NCO, take them out to the bivouac area near the lake Friday morning. You can stop at the small arms range Friday and again Monday on the way back in.” 
“Wait a minute Platoon Sergeant. Damn it, you know that a specialist is only treated as an NCO when it's within their MOS. You've got a corporal and a buck sergeant that both lord over me in the platoon. Get one of them to take the training detail.” 
“Ooh Specialist sixth class. You finally exhibited some balls, or did I hit a sensitive spot in the transportation MOS you hold? Just because you can drive anything with tracks or wheels, and fly half the equipment on post doesn't mean that you should piss on those two ground pounders. After all, they guard your ass and equipment.” 
“Yes sergeant.” 
“Now two of those broads hold transportation MOS and the third holds a medical MOS. Here are the training requirements that you can check off while you're out there. Corporal Jones from the 1st platoon is on lifeguard duty at the lake, so if you get time, run them past him for drown proofing. Your certification is almost six months old, get him to re-certify you too.” 
“Sergeant, that will throw me out of cycle with the rest of the platoon. You know how you like to ride all us poor soggy pups when we come back in from that training.” 
“You're right, I'll take the newbies out myself next week. I already talked to the 1SG and they'll meet you in the day-room at 1800 hours this evening, so don't dawdle over chow in the mess-hall. Have them ready to leave after breakfast Friday. Dismissed.” 
Walking into the day-room at 1800, Henry immediately realized that this was no place to meet or brief the new privates. 
All three looked flustered as they entered. 
Calling them over he introduced himself and told them that they were going over to the orderly room, because it was just to noisy here. In the orderly room the CQ had the radio blaring. Throughly pissed off he told them to follow him. 
In the motor pool, he unlocked the ready room and flipped on the lights. Turning he growled, “Grab something to sit on.” 
All three of him looked scared, but scampered across the room and perched on crates. 
Looking at them, he took a few deep breaths and stated, “I'm SP6 Henry Peterson. I've been detailed to take you out for initial evaluation and certification to update your training records. Get out your notebooks because I've got a lot of information for you.” 
One of the Privates lifted her hand and stated, “I don't have a notebook or pen with me.” 
Turning Henry opened a locker and pulled three pocket notebooks and pens. They had his logo on them. Giving each one he stated, “I suggest that you get some tape and cover my name and logo on the cover, otherwise you'll get grief from some of the NCO's in the company that don't like me. Now, I've been ordered to take all three of you out Friday morning after breakfast and march you to the small arms range, then out to a bivouac area for a weekend of evaluation, and back to the small arms range Monday. Why aren't you taking notes, if I go to fast you can just raise your hand and I'll pause until you catch up.”
PFC Chadwell raised her hand and timidly said, “Specialist, this notebook opens on the wrong side, and what do you want us to write down?” 
With a laugh, Henry stated, “I'm left handed and it's easier for me to write my notes the way I had the notebooks designed. Paper is paper, so if you're more comfortable start at the back and make your entries that way, or you can flip it on it's side and write across the lines. A paper notebook is for you to record your thoughts, and things that you need to remember. Knowing the present state of the civilian education system, you probably haven't used paper and pen since elementary school when they issued you your first personal tablet. Everything seems to be computerized now days. Paper can't be hacked, and the only way to get the information you have in your notebook is to pry it from your cold dead hands, unless you voluntary give it up. The planet I was born on didn't have computers in every room. Now, I'll start over. Dates, times, locations, and what is expected of you; along with your thoughts is what I expect you to write down. It looks like you'll learn much more than what's on the training schedule I was given for this weekend. Any questions?” 
“Yes specialist, I don't know how to write.” 
“Can you print?” 
“I haven't printed since grade school.” 
“OK, write in block letters just like you would on a tablet keyboard. You can use any and all the abbreviations that get the idea across in your notes. After all, you will be reading your notes, and you must be able to decipher them later.” 
“Yes Specialist!” 
“This is FYI, that means for your information only, half the NCO's in this company consider me a barbarian and uneducated oaf. They've been informed that I'm taking you out Friday. You ladies will have to work together under cover to get your gear ready. Here is a list of what you need to survive a week in the field. You may or may not get cooperation from your squad leaders. We'll rendezvous here Thursday evening after chow about 1830 hours. I'll have three lockers for you to secure your gear in. You have two days to get everything ready. If you discover any short comings let me know by Wednesday noon. I'll be in the mess hall for lunch and supper. Here is a list of all equipment that you'll need, and PFC Chadwell you'll need to carry a field medical pack. I know that's an extra fifteen pounds, but it's part of your equipment and you'll be evaluated on it. Any questions so far?” 
With a wail Private Hensley commented, “That's almost all the field gear I was issued. I can't even lift that much. Everything is supposed to be packed in my track.” 
“Unfortunately Hensley that isn't all you'll be carrying. I want you to get some clear plastic bags. One uniform goes in a bag, press all the air out and seal it with waterproof tape. Three changes of underwear and socks go in three more bags. In another bag put two pairs of socks. You'll feel dirty, and be dirty when we get back, but you'll at least be able to put on some fresh clothing each morning. 
“Now for sleeping arrangements. Each of you have a shelter half; just like I do. That means unless you want to carry an extra, someone will be sleeping in the same shelter half with me. I'll let you figure that out and inform me Wednesday. 
“Now for rations, I'll draw four cases of rations. Make sure you each have your water purification kits and supplies for four days. 
All three opened their mouths and said, “We'll never be able to even lift all that gear.” 
“Now don't make any note on this, it's FYI. They made an error on the training schedule for the weekend. They listed MOS related training trying to screw with me. I'll have a piece of equipment to train you on. I think you'll find it unique and challenging. Any more questions? I'll be in the mess-hall for every meal this week, so pass me the questions there, OK.” 
At almost every meal Henry got a note or more. By Thursday evening all their gear was in his ready room lockers. At 0400 Friday morning everyone reported to the arms room to draw weapons and ammo. While everyone else was eating breakfast they were loading a mule in the motor pool. The motor sergeant caught them near the north gate. “Specialist Peterson, what the hell are you doing with that piece of equipment?” 
“Ah motor sergeant, the weekend training schedule called for MOS related training, so I pulled one of the mules out of my load out bunker. The privates both are transportation and should know how to load and operate it. The PFC is a medic and should know how to operate one in case she ever has to move casualties by herself. If you'll excuse us; we need to get across the back road before the traffic gets heavy, otherwise I'll be forced to also train them how to stop traffic in an emergency. I'd rather save the smoke and flares for field training, plus the fact that some of the on-post people don't know what to do when they see a flare, and will drive through smoke just like they speed in the rain and fog.” 
“Well Henry, I hope you got all the paperwork right because your platoon sergeant is gunning for you.” 
“I know, he'll never get over the fact that I have time in grade on him. If I didn't have all that time as a chauffeur, he'd be working for me.” 
“Get the hell out of here Henry, you've got to many contacts in high places. Remind me to double check your licenses when you get back, I may have to send you TDY for flight time. GO GO GO.” 
By 0830 they were setting up on the range. At 0930 the range officer signed off on all the targets and certified the range clear after giving entering their scores on the range computer. A half mile down the tank trail he called a halt. Sliding a weird antenna out of the load on the mule, he set it up. “This is a radar unit and radar reflector. It's fifteen foot height will give us about two minutes warning for anything in line of sight on this road. These will buzz when anything is detected. Attach them to your helmet like this.” After his was attached; he checked everyones and then pressed the test button. “Now if you hear the buzz in your ear, alert everyone and get the mule off the trail, otherwise we get run over. Those tank drivers like to cruise about forty to fifty miles per hour on these trails when they're dry. The trail splits two miles up. We go straight into the brush between the trails for about half an hour, and then we stop and start your map navigation training. Nance take point, move out.” 
Two hundred yards into the brush Nance held her hand up and sank to her knees. Looking around she waved for Henry to come up. Pointing to the pond with the camp setup on the right side, she asked him what to do. 
Pulling his pad he scanned the camp and then the surrounding terrain. “Someone is trying to track us. Knowing the grunts like I do, they'll set pickets and booby traps on the other side of the pond from their camp.” Back at the mule he pulled up terrain maps for the surrounding area. “OK, to avoid this trap, we'll go two miles north, cross this creek, and then turn east. After a couple of miles we'll swing a little south and head for this point. Now, for some grunt training. Two of you will take point, the second person will be off to one side about thirty feet. If you come to a clear area where you can't cross without being seen, wave the rest of us up. When we get to your position, we'll let you go ahead. Cross the area keeping as low as possible using whatever cover you can. On the other side proceed to check it out by going deep about a hundred yards, and then swing out to check the flanks. After you've secured the crossing area we'll send the mule across. When it reaches your location we'll proceed across. And don't forget to check for footprints and broken brush. If you see any, let us know and return across. 
They found one area that qualified as cleared, but followed a gully across and kept out of sight. 
Late that afternoon Henry told them to start looking for an area where they could set up camp. Hensley found an area with a few scrub trees and a depression just off to the side. Henry grilled her on her choice and made her justify her selection of the depression. Then he turned to the other women and asked it they thought her selection was good enough, or if they should continue looking. Chadwell brought up one point against the depression location, the possibility of flash flood or rain. 
Henry then said, “Chadwell, good point about there being a water hazard during the night, but this ain't Earth. Now tell me what else could make a depression like that without an entrance or exit gully, and no evidence of brush being washed to the low point.” 
“It could be the start of a sink hole or wildlife trap.” 
“Excellent deduction. Settlers have only been on this planet for a hundred years, and I've been here two. There are still unexplored areas and uncatalogued wildlife. Personally, I'd rather camp in the trees and keep a guard out watching for anything unusual.” 
“But thats high ground, and we'll be visible for miles.” 
“Chadwell, stay here and out of the depression. Hensley, Nance, lets go check out the tree area for wildlife and poison plants.” 
After setting up the camp, Henry brought out motion sensors and showed them how to set them up. On the side toward the depression, he instructed them on how to set the sensitivity high enough that creeping vine would activate the alarm. 
He reminded them that they could only use the lights with a red filter and cautioned them that if they pointed the light anywhere other than the ground, it could be seen for a long distance. Then he set the guard rotation and crawled into his tent. 
About 0300 he woke up with a start when someone was slapping his foot. Growling he asked who was disturbing his sleep.  
Chadwell answered, “I keep hearing noise in the brush to the south, but the sensors aren't going off.” 
Slapping his boots together and then pulling them on he slid out of his tent. Walking over near the south side of the trees; he cupped his hands to his ears. Motioning Chadwell to do the same, they listened for awhile and then she grunted and pointed at a red light several hundred yards out. In a low voice Henry said, “Go wake up the girls and tell them to quietly come over here. No whispering, it travels. Only talk quietly. Sound travels long distances at night. I want them to see and hear what poor movement control sounds and looks like.”  
It took over two hours for the column to move past their position and out of sound and sight. At dawn Henry detailed the Privates to scout the area toward the area where the column passed. PFC Chadwell was detailed to scout around and pass the depression. Within minutes she reported back that there was a vine covered vehicle in it.
Henry told her to continue scouting and they'd investigate the depression when the other girls returned. After she left he pulled his pad and started a map survey looking for a safe area for them to make permanent camp. Evidently the platoon sergeant or 1SG authorized other platoon and use them as a target. Well two can play at that game. Nothing toward the lake was suitable, then he remembered a series of caves he'd discovered on his orienteering training just after he'd arrived. They were about fifteen miles northwest and just outside the impact area border. 
“Specialist Peterson, we paralleled their trail for over a mile and then walked it back. We found two walkie talkies, a five gallon water can, and a pack full of canned goods. Somebody didn't secure their equipment very well.” 
“That's fine privates, but we have another problem that Chadwell discovered. She should be back shortly.
She led them around the depression and pointed out that vehicle's tracks came in from the west. Following them almost to the edge of the depression she pointed out the new plants that looked similar to Venus Fly Traps. Swinging further north she took them to a good overlook into the depression. It was a 6 by 6 cargo that dropped the steering wheels into a hole. The doors were open and the tailgate was down. There was equipment to lift the vehicle assembled near the front. Chadwell started pointing out the empty uniforms clustered near the equipment and then several more uniform sets that appeared to be trying to get out of the depression. Most had the legs entangled in vines. 
With a curse SP6 Peterson told everyone to stand up and keep a sharp lookout for any movement, vines or insects. Pulling his pad he started taking pictures and moved around the ridge. A few skeletons were included. Turning to the women he stated, “You've got thirty minutes to pack up camp and be ready to move. We're headed north.” Tagging all the pictures with GPS location, he pulled a medical emergency marker and set it on the rim. 
Hensley squealed, “There's ants swarming all over that marker. We got to get out of here.”
“Run,” yelled Henry, and don't use your radio's.
Everything was thrown on the mule and the net tied down. 
“OK, make sure anything electronic is turned off. We move at a double time.” Flipping out a set of hand controls he stated, “Nance you drive, Chadwell on point and avoid anything that looks like it came from the depression. Hensley and I will load magazines on the move. Move out.” 
Five minutes out Chadwell veered off and yelled big insects ahead. 
Henry rushed up and pulled his rifle. Dropping to one knee he shot what looked like a yard long ant. “Keep moving and try to find us some hard ground.” Handing her a clip of ammo he said, “If you must shoot any big ants, short burst only.” 
The mule had caught up so he told Hensley, “Load your weapon and keep loading magazines.
“Nance, we've got to go faster. Can you handle it?” 
“No, I keep tripping.” 
“Shut it down.” Reaching under the front he pulled several pins and pulled out a frame. Resetting the pins he detached and reattached the steering wheel and throttle controls to the frame attached to the front. “Hop on, drive it. We will probable be running soon, so keep up. 
“Hensley, run up and join Chadwell. We need to find hard ground. Tell her northwest should be best.” 
She took off at a run. 
He led off at a slow walk with Nance following. After a minute he started walking faster and the double timed. Looking back he could see that she was getting familiar with the controls and then he broke into a slow run. After a minute he stopped and dropped to one knee and sighted in on something behind the mule. Firing a three round burst he jumped up and threw another emergency transmitter off to the side, and started running again. 
Several miles later they hit hard clay and then rock. A few minutes later Chadwell called a halt. “I don't know where we are?” 
“Nance shut down the mule, you and Hensley keep a lookout in all directions. Report any movement.” 
“Chadwell, we need to unpack and repack the mule. Do you have any insect repellent? I want to try to camouflage our trail, so anything you have will work.” 
After reloading and tying down the mules load, Chadwell broke out rations and they ate. 
Henry typed up a report and looked around for high ground. Pulling a paper map he showed them an approximate route. “Those aren't regular ants. They are attracted to anything electronic that's transmitting, and also eat people. The mountains just outside the impact zone are solid rock. I was there over a year ago. Head up this trail to this ridge and head for this point. I'm going over to that ridge and transmit the report about those guys in the depression, and the insects that tracked us. 
“If you come to any ravines that you can't drive through or around, unload the mule and carry it across. The three of you should be able to handle its two hundred pounds. When you reload, make sure everything is secured. I'll catch up. Head out.” 
Turning he headed toward the ridge to the side. “Yelling over his shoulder, “Remember, only those big ants can travel as fast as you can. Short burst or single shots. Conserve your ammo.” 
From a perch on the ridge he could see the edge of the main base area. Turning on his pad, he transmitted his report and files. A few minutes later he got a reply from headquarters. 
The Captain in charge told him his evaluation of the insects was bull, but he'd pass it on. 
Henry typed into his pad, I'm taking my training detail to range three area. It's solid rock. If you send anyone up there make sure they know to carry shotguns and maybe a flame thrower. Those big ants that I've seen today are almost three feet long and can travel almost as fast as a running man. 
The reply was, That's pretty far fetched. 
Henry typed, Yea but it's true. If you send a plane out to check the area have them drop a radio or emergency transmitter. They can record the ants as they converge on it. That should be proof enough for anyone. I've got to go. I'll turn my pad on about 1300 hours if I'm on rock and have some elevation. 
 
Several hours later, headquarters detailed a platoon to scout the reported area. They were on the radio with the platoon leader when he reported large ant shaped insects converging on the trucks. Then they lost radio contact. 
An aircraft was sent to check up on the ground detail. The cargo master activated a medical emergency marker and shoved it out of the aircraft. As it drifted down on it's parachute, he noticed insects following it as it drifted toward the ground. Headquarters monitored the aircrew's internal transmissions. “Chief to pilot, circle around and record the insects on the ground following the marker I just shoved out.” 
“Tower to Helo43, transmit live. I'm patching your recordings straight to headquarters.” 
“Roger that tower. You want me to go down to for closeup shots.” 
“Negative, wait until I get further orders.” 
“Wilco, I'll maintain 200 foot altitude.” 
“Helo43 to Tower. I gaining altitude. Canopy being bombarded with small insects.” 
“Tower to Helo43. Return to base.”
“Helo43 to Tower. Mayday, Mayday. Both turbines out, going down.” 
“Tower to Helo43, report.” 
“Tower to Helo43, report.” 
“Tower to Headquarters. Lost radar and radio contact with Helo43. Advise.” 
“Tower this is Colonel Smith. Transmit Alert, status 1. Also transmit that the insects appear to converge on radio transmitters. Shut down all radios and use land lines.” 
Picking up a phone, Colonel Smith called 8423rd motor pool and asked for the motor sergeant. “Sergeant, activate recorder, I know you just got an Alert 1 notification. I want you to load SP6 Peterson's squad load out containers and transport them to range 3 in the mountains immediately. Add a few shotguns, and a flame thrower if you can get your hands on one. Send his complete squad, but don't wait if they aren't available. This is a direct order from Colonel Smith at Post Headquarters. Also relay this order to the company commander. Questions?” 
“No Sir, on it now.” 
Fifteen minutes later a tractor pulling two load out containers with half of the 2nd Platoon 1st squad's men pulled out the back motor pool gate. Half and hour later the second platoon's Platoon Sergeant was furious when he finally got his men organized and down to the motor pool. Jumping up in the Motor Sergeants face he yelled, “Specialist Peterson doesn't have the authority to order his equipment moved without my say so.” 
The Motor Sergeant just pulled his pad and hit the play button. As it ended he looked Sergeant Jenkins straight in the eye and said, “Orders from HQ trumps your angry ass. Send 1st squad over here now.” 
As the motor sergeant was dialing the company headquarters, his pad alerted. Eastern perimeter of main post breached by insects. All companies move out now to the mountains around the range impact zone. Signed Colonel Smith, Post Headquarters. 
He immediately ran outside and yelled at the Maintenance Sergeant. “Get those trucks moving now and tell them to go to tank firing range 3. Insure every driver knows where they're going and fill up the cabs with anyone not loaded.” As the Company commander and 1SG ran in the gate he pointed at the command track and yelled, “Move it out now, Tank Range 3.” 
Again his tablet flashed, All range roads blocked. Head south and loop back if possible. CPT Jones Tower. Airfield being overrun. Good Lu--
The Motor Sergeant realized that he'd never get out alive. Grabbing a radio and pair of binoculars he climbed to the top of the maintenance building. Looking toward the ranges he could see several accidents. From the east side of the building he could see giant ants advancing through main post and people running. When he arrived at the south side he could see several fires in the dependent housing area, and a few trucks that looked like they'd crashed. Finally arriving at the west side, the airfield had several fires and quite a few crashed aircraft. Realizing there was nowhere he could divert his trucks to. He climbed back down and went into his office. Picking up his weapon and the extra flame thrower, he walked out to the back gate and told the last two trucks to dismount and bring their flame throwers and weapons. 
As the six soldiers gathered around, he informed them that they were surrounded, and most of post was under attack and in shambles. He then gave them the choice of running and dieing, or following him and killing as many of the damn insects as they could before being overrun. 
~ ~ ~

Range 3

As specialist Peterson approached the range 3 tower he saw someone up there and a tractor trailer truck with two containers on the flatbed. Cupping his hands he yelled, “You in the tower, what do you see.” 
The soldier in the tower jumped and looked around. Leaning over the side he hollered, “Post is on fire and there are wrecks on all the roads. One big ant about the size of my truck is headed this way up the road. Corporal Jones took your two guys back down the road. Haven't seen them in five minutes.” 
“Get down here now!” 
“Peterson, didn't recognize you from up there.” 
Pointing over his shoulder, Henry said, “See that ridge, get your truck up on solid rock as close to the top as you can to it. Did you see anyone else in the area?” 
“How ...”
“Follow the range maintenance road there and at the end there's a fork. Take the left fork. You'll need low gear. It zig zags back and forth across the ridge into the impact area. Get as close to the top as you can. Move out.” 
“What about the guys?”
“If they survive, and Jones uses half his brain, they'll cut cross country.”
Peterson climbed the tower and pulled his binoculars. Looking down the road he saw several dog size ants and figured he had maybe ten minutes. Looking over toward the ridge line he caught a glimpse of a flash, but couldn't tell if it was his detail or not. Running down the tower steps he stopped only to fill his canteens, then headed cross country toward the ridge line at a slow run. 
From his position on the valley side, he stopped and sipped from is canteen. Looking back down at the range, he saw ants all over it. He hoped the driver didn't dawdle, and made it up the the road over the ridge line. At least it was cut from solid rock once it got out of the valley. 
Turning toward main post he could see lots of smoke, but no details. Putting his binoculars back in his pack pocket, he started off at a fast walk. 
That evening he found a chimney in a short cliff. Climbing half way up he found a bit of a ledge and settled down for a hungry, cold, long night. Without any climbing gear he couldn't even relax and go to sleep. Partway through the night he heard scraping on the rock, but was unable to tell where it originated. When it started getting light at dawn he started to climb again. As he approached the top of the chimney he froze when he heard something bouncing down the cliff. 
When he heard the sound of a round being chambered, he hollered, “It's me Specialist Peterson.” 
A female voice stated, “Come on out. Something is out there and we're not relaxing until we know it was only you making that noise.”
Scrambling to the top of the chimney he shoved his weapon up on the ledge and then waved his hand above the rock. “Do you see me? Did the noise come from my direction? Is it safe to come up?”
“Come on Peterson and make it quick. Your section of the ledge is clear.” 
“I see it! It's a big ant and has a bunch of little ones on it. Toss that can of alcohol while I light a rag.” 
The whoosh and heat he felt on his back surprised him, but he kept moving. As he stopped by the mule, he looked at the tired, dirty woman pointing a weapon at him. “Damn, Chadwell you're looking tired.” 
“Paula bring the magnifying glass. Peterson, when she gets the glass here, I want you to pull your shirt off. We found that some of the ants are so small they're almost invisible. It's either that or take a bath in straight alcohol.” 
“Check my clothing first, then I'll jerk off my shirt for you to check.” Hensley determined he was clear of ants after he was checked down to his under shorts. 
Dressing, Henry asked, “Where did you get the alcohol and how do you know about the tiny ants?” 
“Linda explain it to him.”
“Well Peterson, we were exploring the range and found the alcohol in the maintenance shed. Eight five gallon cans. Teresa only wanted to take two. I wanted to take them all. Anyway this guy came flying in a jeep. He crashed into the blockhouse. When we got to him he was scratching all over and screaming about ants. Without thinking I poured half a can of that alcohol on him. Those ants moved in a stream to the back of the jeep and he quit scratching. He died before we could get him out of the jeep, so we burned it. Teresa ordered us to pour alcohol over ourselves and our clothing before we went back to the mule. We loaded all the cans and found a fire starter in the maintenance shed. Yesterday one of the big ones caught up with us just above the valley. When we shot it we noticed small ants swarming off it toward us. Paula grabbed a can and threw it at them. It landed half way. Teresa shot the can full of holes and then a spark or something made it explode and burn. Anyway, we escaped.” 
“Well Linda, at least we have a weapon until we run out of alcohol. What about straight fire from burning wood or stuff like that. Think it will work?” 
“We haven't had time to try anything like that. Those ants are getting smarter. First just the big ones tried to chase us down, now the big ones carry the little ones and let them attack while they hold back to distract us.” 
“OK, just so you know, main post was attacked and I saw the smoke. I don't know about survivors. I saw a truck at the range that had two load out containers on it. I told him how to get to the road over the ridge, and told him to meet me near the top. I hope he makes it, because those containers should have food, weapons, ammo, and communications gear. We need to contact the stations in orbit.” 
Paula stated, “We crossed a road cut into the rock. That's where we killed another big ant by shooting it, and then pouring alcohol down the road and burning the little ones that ran off it.” 
“We have four and a half cans left. It isn't straight alcohol. The label also list several solvents. I don't know if it's one or the combination, but it kills them,” stated Chadwell, “and by the way Peterson call me Teresa. If I might die, I want everyone to know my full name.” 
“OK, lets move out, and you may call me Henry.” 
“Yea, right, Specialist Henry Peterson. I'll call you whatever I remember.” stated Teresa with a laugh. 
Two hours later after manhandling the mule across some rough rock the found themselves on the road again. Linda immediately dropped to her knees and started sniffing across the road. 
Henry stood there and just watched. 
A few minutes later she stood up and announced, “I don't smell their trace, but.” 
“What do you mean, Nance?” 
“Henry, call me Linda once in awhile. I feel the same way as Teresa. Anyway, they have a faint acid smell if you're downwind, and also sometimes leave traces on the rock.” 
Hensley handed Peterson a pack of rations and quietly stated, “Call me Paula.” 
After passing the first switchback they started keeping an eye down the mountain hoping to spot the truck. 
Finally several hours up the mountain they spotted the truck about half way up. “Hey Henry, the truck is about half way up. What do you want to do?”
“Here, use my binoculars and scan the area around the truck for any ants, including the area between us and him.” 
“The only ones I see are below him at the edge of the valley where the rock begins. I can't see all the road, so there may be some hidden. I'll keep looking. Somebody bring me a ration pack.” 
“Paula, Teresa, figure out how we can spread a little alcohol around the mule to keep it from getting  overrun.” 
“Henry, come here.” As he walked over to Linda she started cursing. There are two big ants down at that switchback to the left. It looks like they're setting up an ambush, one above and one below the road. There is a shadow on the road that could be lots of little ants.” 
“Linda, do you think we can get down there and ruin their ambush?” 
“Yea, we should have plenty of time, but it's going to take at least three of us and two cans of alcohol.” 
“Damn, we do need the supplies on that truck. Get with the girls and see who stays. We'll need, hell you know what we'll need. I'll plot a route down.” 
A few minutes later they walked over with two cans inside their packs. “Henry, have you figured out how we get down there without killing ourselves? My daddy never taught me to fly, and Linda's daddy taught her how to climb, but she's got no gear.” 
Getting down the mountain took longer than expected. They had the top of ambush in sight when they heard the whine of the tractors electric motor approaching. “Splash some alcohol on my boots. Linda you take left, Paula take right. I'll nail the big ant and you can pour alcohol down the bank onto the road. I hope the big one on the other side will show itself as soon as the fires start. If it doesn't, I'm going hunting. Save a little alcohol if possible, we may need to decontaminate ourselves.” 
Henry waited until the girls were almost to the bank above the road before he killed the big ant with a burst of automatic fire. Rushing up to the edge of the bank he immediately saw a problem. A river of small ants were streaming toward the bank where he stood. Neither girl was within sight. He yelled, “Ants headed for bank where I killed the big one.” He caught a momentary flash as the ant below the road moved. Bringing his rifle to his shoulder, he unloaded the remainder of his clip into the brush where he saw it. Slapping a new clip into his weapon he saw the big ant thrashing in the brush below. Aiming at both ends of the moving brush he fired three round burst throughout the moving brush until it was quiet. Looking down he realized the river of small ants was milling around. 
Paula rushed up, after taking one look she pulled her knife and started punching holes in the can, then splashed some down the bank and tossed the can on the other side of the road. Taking a rag out of her pocket she wrapped it around a rock, lit and tossed it. 
The explosion from the alcohol fumes igniting blew them both off their feet. Faintly they heard someone yell, “Son of a bitch!”
“Oops, I think I may have pissed Linda off.” Looking over the edge of the bank she commented, “Fire is still burning in the cracks of the road.” 
Moments later Linda came stomping up. Her uniform showed traces of where it caught fire. As she brushed the burned hair on her head she screamed, “You're damn lucky I had the top back on my can. I was getting ready to toss the fire in when everything blew up in my face. Are all the ants dead?” 
Henry commented, “As far as I can tell, I got both big ones. You young ladies fire roasted the little ones before they climbed the bank to get me. Sorry about your hair Linda, although it kinda makes you look sexy.” 
Paula started laughing so hard she almost staggered off the edge of the bank. As Linda grabbed her arm she mumbled, “So that's what it takes to get noticed by the guys around here.” 
Henry commented, “Lets make sure we got them all before the truck gets here.” 
From the top of the bank they could see the truck laboring up the road. They watched it pass and followed it to the switchback. Henry signaled the driver to stop where the road was level and walked up to the cab. With a wave across his neck he signaled the driver to shut it down. 
“Well specialist Andrews, you look like hell.” 
“Got anything to drink. I've been afraid to stop since I saw that big ant climb the range tower. I thought I saw a couple ahead of me earlier, but they kept going up the mountain.” 
Linda walked up and handed him her canteen and part of a ration pack. “Hey Andrews, I'm going to check this rolling wreck while you eat. Henry, do you have your keys, or shall I shoot the locks off?” 
“Try these keys first. Those containers are rated for human transport in vacuum. Grab a flame thrower and extra fuel pack while you're in there.” 
The truck made it up almost to the ridge line before the engine burned out. 
* * *

Henry spent several hours compiling a report. SP4 Andrews and the girls had moved the satellite communications equipment up on the ridge and set it up. 
The military station commander requested proof, so Henry transmitted his original recordings from the depression, and the ones taken of range three from the edge of the valley.
The station commander informed SP6 Peterson that he was sending a platoon of rangers down. They'd land as close to the ridge as they could. Henry advised against it and simply request that he drop them two flame throwers, extra fuel tanks, shotguns with ammo, and rations. 
The station commander ordered Henry and his detail to proceed northward on the ridge line. There was a plateau twenty miles north. He was to rendezvous with the platoon coming down. 
A lieutenant came on-line and informed Henry that they'd drop him some rations and ammo as they overflew his location before overflying the base, and landing. 
Henry requested that the lieutenant have all locater beacons removed from the supply drop. 
“Specialist, what do you mean by requesting that the locater beacons be removed from the supply drop. That is against SOP.” 
“Lieutenant, these creatures are attracted to radio frequency transmissions. I'd rather spend several hours looking for the supplies than walk into thousands of them attracted by the beacons. I also recommend that if you are going to overfly the base location that you remain at high altitude and drop several transmitters on the other side from the ranges. You can record the ants reaction to the transmissions, and maybe draw them away from the ridge-line.” 
In the background he heard someone mention dropping an EMP. The lieutenant then informed Henry that he had six hours to get his equipment and personnel to the other side of the ridge from the base. They were going to drop an EMP bomb at low altitude before reconquering the base area. 
Six hours later they flashed their locator's beacon and watched the spacecraft veer toward their location. Moments later drop capsule popped out and the parachutes opened. Henry ordered his detail to keep an eye on it until it landed, and the area around it. The spacecraft then headed toward the main base location. 
Andrews stood up and aimed his pad at the capsule location and announced. Those morons left the locater beacon on. It landed in the range 3 parking lot. 
“Everyone down now!” yelled Henry. Andrews was the only one that didn't drop flat before the EMP bomb went off. He was blown off the ridge and tumbled down the back side of the mountain. 
After a minute, Teresa announced, he couldn't have survived the radiation and fall. 
Linda announced, “I have an eye on the capsule. The ants down there are going crazy. They're running around in circles. Oh hell, now they're attacking the capsule. We can forget about those supplies.” 
Henry watched the spacecraft as it hovered over the main base and then spiraled out in a search pattern. It looked like it was only several hundred feet up. He watched as it launched several Helo's. Moments later the first Helo's crashed. 
The ship started down toward one of the crashed Helo's, then pulled up. As it rotated he could see the launch bay still open. His pad had recorded the Helo's crash, and the spacecraft rotate and gain some altitude. The air looked cloudy, then he realized it was millions of small ants. The spacecraft turned toward the ranges and then its rockets quit. As it crashed at the base of the ridge-line, he ordered the girls to set up the transmitter again. 
“Station, this is SP6 Peterson, supply capsule landed and was immediately overrun by the creatures. They tore it apart. EMP just drove the creatures mad for a few minutes, they've now recovered. Helo's launched from spacecraft crashed after going through what looked like swarms of airborne creatures. Spacecraft crashed between main base and our location on ridge-line. Pad recordings follow.” 
Seconds after his transmissions the radio came to life, “Specialist Peterson, we'll try one more drop ship from high altitude in one hour. You will need to guide it in. Data has been relayed to Earth command. Awaiting orders.” 
“WILCO, station. Please remove all transmitters from the drop ship so it doesn't attract the creatures. I would prefer if you could simply program it to land on the plateau, then shut down. We are moving now because those ants on the ranges are headed our way. I am abandoning all heavy equipment. Out.” Cutting off the transmitter he ordered the girls to load up. 
Several miles north the mule slipped sideways, and off the slope. They watched in dismay as it tumbled several hundred feet and then burst into flames. 
Henry sat down and stated, “OK, lets take a break. Inventory your packs. Let's see what we have left.” 
Teresa, “I've got four full clips, a full can of alcohol, my emergency blanket, three ration packs and my extra pair of socks.” 
Paula, “I have two clips, a case of rations, six full canteens, my first aid kit, and clothing.” 
Linda, “Two canteens of water, half a can of alcohol, six clips, two smoke grenades, the fire-starter, shovel, my knives, one ration pack, one emergency beacon, and a short range transmitter.” 
“Well girls, I have half the long range transmitter. It's is useless without the part on the mule. Three canteens of water, two ration packs, one full and three empty clips, binoculars, compass, paper maps, pad, bedroll, and one emergency medical transmitter. 
While they were repacking their gear, Linda suddenly whirled around facing the breeze. “I smell ants. Check around in that direction.” She pointed in the direction the breeze was coming from. 
Linda rushed over to the edge and looked down toward the ranges. “They're coming up the rock.” 
“Well splash some alcohol on them and burn 'em.” 
“There's three lines of them Teresa. All we can do is run.” 
They quickly outpaced the little ants. As they rounded a boulder Paula screamed. 
Everyone had their rifles up as they rounded the boulder and saw two large ants tearing Paula in half. Their combined gunfire shredded the creatures. 
Henry grabbed Paula's pack and yelled, “Keep going. Linda take point and be alert, there may be another big one around.” 
An hour later Henry called out, “Find us some high ground with a good view. Then we'll take a break.” 
A few minutes later Linda pointed and started climbing a bit of rock sticking out from the ridge-line. “It's clear here.” 
Dropping to the ground, Henry mumbled, “Drink some water and eat. I'll split up Paula's pack.” Looking at the pack Henry almost dropped it over the edge. 
“Whats wrong?” asked Teresa. 
“There are several dead ants in the blood.” 
“Oh shit!” 
“Teresa, do you think they can get into the rations or 1st aid kit?” 
“Yes Henry, you also need to check your clothing and pack. Some may have crawled on you.” 
“Hell!” 
Linda asked, “Teresa, ants follow chemical trails back home to the food source their scouts find, right” 
Linda nodded her head, “Chemical signals to them, pheromones to us.” 
“We've got nothing with us to block or confuse their trail. Since they must be smarter than regular ants, they're probably following our scent. It's in the wind and on the ground where we walk.” 
Henry stood up and stated, “That means our only defense is to out run them. If the relief ship is at the plateau, we can evacuate, if not we're dead. Move out in five.” 
~ ~ ~

Drop ship

They only killed one more large ant before they saw the drop ship in the sky. As it passed overhead they saw it launch two small rockets back toward the ranges. 
A minute later they saw parachutes deploy and flashing lights. Pulling his pad he aimed it in the direction of the rockets and announced. “Those are some strong transmitters. I hope they keep drifting southeast.” 
Teresa commented, “I need a minute to rest.” 
“OK, take five, Linda keep an eye behind us.” 
“Henry, there are big ants coming out of the impact area.” 
“How far back Linda?” 
“Just this side of where Paula died.” 
“Teresa, check over the side and let me know if there are any headed this direction.” 
“It looks clear into the impact area.” 
“OK, girls the trail ahead looks clear, but we still have to stay alert. Lets go.” 
Hours later they stumbled onto the plateau. Sitting in the middle was a shuttle with a big red cross on it. 
They rushed to the airlock and hit the entry pad. A voice said, “Strip, and enter the airlock for decontamination. Put the air mask on, close your eyes, take a deep breath and hold it. 
Inside they followed directions. Through their eyelids they could see the bright blue light and feel their skin burn. Then they were hit with high pressure gas. 
After a minute they heard, “Get in here quick, I'll lift off as soon as you're strapped in.”
Dropping into a seat, Henry strapped himself in and looked at the monitor on the forward bulkhead.  “Lift off now! Avoid that dark cloud, its bugs.” 
The acceleration slammed them deep into the seats. One by one the view panels quit working. The pilot  announced, “We're in orbit.” 
With a moan, Henry asked, “What was the last thing you saw before the view panels quit working.” 
“It looked like flying ants hitting it.” 
“Give me a radio link to the station.” 
“OK, you're on.” 
“Station, this is SP6 Peterson, over.” 
“Go ahead Peterson.” 
“This ship is contaminated. It must not be allowed to land on the station.” 
“That's not your decision Peterson. The decontamination section has plans to burn the hull to kill any of those bugs before docking.” 
“Sir, you don't understand. All the view panels are out. That means they are in the wiring inside the hull. It only takes a few to eat the electronics and reproduce. The whole planet needs to be burned down to bedrock or deeper. If these ants get out into space, there will be no stopping them. We've seen them adapt and change attack methods as we ran.” 
“Peterson, you're over reacting. Earth HQ wants you, and the samples shipped back as soon as you're aboard.” 
“Sir, you don't understand and they don't understand. These ants have adapted, and are like a force of nature. Once they have contact, they can't be stopped.” 
Teresa yelled, “They're gassing us.”
~ ~ ~

Destination Earth

Peterson woke up and looked around. First thing he felt was the twisting of entering FLT, just like when he arrived. Minutes later a crew member entered and unstrapped him. “Where are the two young troopers that were with me? 
“They're in the next compartment. Follow me, I'm headed there next. The Captain wants to talk to you three.” 

“At ease soldiers, grab a seat. I heard some of the broadcast made from the planet before I was ordered to transport you and some samples to Earth. The ones where you asked them to remove all transmitters from the resupply ships worried me. Exactly what was that about?” 
Peterson looked directly at the Captain and said, “Captain, I call them ants because that is what they mainly look like. They are smarter than plain ants. From our first contact, they changed their attack methods. They swarmed from their location to wipe out the base in less than two days.  At first we only saw the small and large ants. On first day they took down a Helo. On the third day we noticed them changing attack tactics. We saw the disruption an EMP dropped from the drop-ship caused, but it didn't last. Then they took down the drop-ship from the station, and we saw the first of the flying ants. They are attracted to radio signals. They followed us from Range 3 up the ridge-line and onto solid rock even when we weren't using our radios. Fire is the only thing that seemed to kill the small ones. The big ones, a few shots from our weapons took care of. They adapted their attacks quickly and used different methods including an ambush that killed one of our team. 
“I'm only a SP6, so the officers on the station didn't listen to me when I warned them. Instead of quarantine, they sent a medical evacuation ship to pick us up. It flew through a cloud of those flying ants on its way back to the station. I don't know where they got samples of those ants, but they've penetrated every barrier we've seen. If you do have some aboard this ship, I'd keep a twenty-four hour watch on them. If they escape from where ever you have them contained, everyone aboard is dead and if they get to Earth so is the Earth.” 
The Captain held up his hand and punched a button on desk. After calling the Science Officer twice he got a worried look. Calling the bridge he ordered the XO to drop out of FLT and aim the ship at the nearest star. Then send someone to check the science deck and report. 
We knew when the ship dropped from FLT and watched the Captain's monitor as the ship changed course. Then the Captain told the XO that whoever he sent to check the science deck to set his communicator to constant broadcast. 
The XO reported that he'd already sent one of the bridge security personnel. 
The Captain ordered him to send the other guard and have him set his communicator to constant broad cast. 
Minutes later we heard the guard report that there were ants in the corridor to the science deck. 
The Captain brought up another screen on his monitor and set the ship self-destruct. 
Turning to Peterson and the two young ladies he said, “Go to the forward escape ship. If it's clear of any ants, get in and launch. You have less than five minutes.” Turning back to his monitor he brought up a broadcast screen and started off by saying. “This is the Captain of the Blue Hawk to Earth Headquarters and all colonial commands. I was ordered to carry personnel and samples from colony seven to Earth. The samples are an aggressive alien and broke containment in less than five hours. They are infecting my ship. The only recourse I have is listed in the Contact SOP. My ship will self-destruct in four minutes. Attached are the files I was given. Do not allow any ship from colony seven to land or come in direct contact. This alien species is intelligent and extremely aggressive. I recommend sterilization of the colony seven planet and all in system technology using nuclear or antimatter weapons. ” 

Minutes later when the flash from the ship reached them, Henry told Teresa to try the radio and see if she picked up any broadcast from the star ahead. 
Linda came forward and stated, “There are seven cryogenic units back there. How far out are we?” 
“About three light years. There is a yellow star fifteen light years that way.” 
“Well, at least we can sleep for the trip.” 
“Henry, I think I'd rather wake up to see a yellow star. That one ahead is a red.” 
“I agree Linda, I'll set the course. We'll get there in a few centuries.”
Teresa commented, “Yea, and if the ants did manage to get into the ship, we'll never know. Henry, I can set up the units on a timer if you want. 

“Henry, I'm not picking up any communications at all.” 
“I don't want to contaminate any other planets, so I'm going setting the controls to go into orbit within the star's the life zone. I'm also going to set a one year timer with a new program that will take the ship into the star, if we don't wake up and cancel it. 
“Teresa, set the units to wake us once orbit is achieved. 
“Linda, check all supplies. We may have to colonize the planet ourselves.” 
* * * * *

Truckin' On

It was the 14th again. Just two months to Valentines Day. The turn around, if I found a quick return load, would take until the middle of January. At least in the old days when I was in the service, I could blame the army when I wasn't at home. 
If that ass hadn't discovered a way to travel faster than light, and those damn separatist hadn't took off in every direction, I would have had a nice cushy job. A few days on the road, not weeks looking at twisting hyperspace. It was enough to make a hippie have a bad trip. The only good thing about hyperspace was the fact that if you did drugs, by the end of a run your brain was scrambled. The civilian transport companies paid top dollar for experienced drivers.
Fifty percent of the ships that ran on computers never made it to the next stop. Without a drug free driver, the percentage was even higher. Then DOT only authorized us take a week off between runs. My headaches never cleared up until the eighth or ninth day so I told the company not to schedule me any sooner. Just a few more good runs and I'd have enough to buy my own ship. Then with some luck I wouldn't have to fight dispatch after every run. 

I lucked out. The company had three ships that hit light-years traveled. I grabbed the second one, it was my old ship. At least I knew that most of the maintenance had been pulled and what I could expect to have to be fixed. One of the only things that pissed me off was the fact that they wiped the computers. Lucky for me that I'd backed up all my trip logs, the maintenance logs, and navigation data. That damn sergeant I had in the army used to ream us out after every convoy when we didn't. Of course when the ships went in for maintenance, half the time they came back with the computers wiped. Habits died hard; and morons worked in maintenance. 
When I inspected the ship the first blaring problem I spotted was the fact that someone had swapped the drive crystal lattice with a damaged one, and didn't even install it correctly. After taking pictures, I checked the other two. I could tell from the shinny spots on the lattice mounting bolts that the same thing had been done to them. All three were listed as operational. After some negotiations with the sales agent I was so pissed that I asked if DOT had inspected the ships before any sales were authorized. He stupidly mentioned a name. It took almost a day to trace down the inspector and his reports. All three ships were listed as operational. I fired of the photos and a copy of the reports to DOT HQ on the moon. The next day I hit the sales agent again and started bargaining. He claimed he was only authorized to drop the price two-hundred thousand. When I mentioned the fact that a drive crystal lattice cost close to a quarter million; he leaned back and laughed. Three quarters of a million was a good price for a used ship when it had five hundred million light-years on it. After all they'd written off the cost and maintenance. 
I had one more run on my contract. I left the next day. Looking at the destination; I realized that they were getting their little revenge by sending me to the furtherest point in the known universe. Not even any way stations. Nine weeks out and nine back in a new ship. That meant that I had to shake all the kinks out of it to survive. 
Three weeks out I noticed an intermittent blip in the lower right corner of the radar. Activating the backup, and taking the main off line. I started running diagnostics. They checked out fine, so I went outside in my spacesuit dragging my tools. Everything checked out on the antenna array. 
Funny thing about hyperspace is that everything looks closer. Pulling my magnifier lenses out, I started scanning the area to my lower right quadrant. All I could see was the twisting ribbons of color that was the normal background. Then I spotted a flash of silver. Moving my arms I moved the lenses for more magnification. There was something there, a ship. 
All the theories from college and my military training firmly stated that encountering another ship in hyperspace was impossible unless the following ship knew the exact engine frequencies and wave harmonics generated by the target ship. 
Suddenly I realized that I was a target. The company must have found out and wanted to eliminate me so the problem I exposed would go away. 
There was no way to change the engine frequency without changing the crystal lattice. To change the lattice I'd have to drop out of hyperspace and they'd be on me quickly.
The ships were streamline to the maximum possible and the only thing disrupting that was the antenna array. Taking three servo motors; I mounted them to the hull and wired them in. Finding three short pieces of steel I mounted them so the motors could raise and lower them. Now I could change the wave harmonics of the ship. That left the engine. 
Using my magnifiers I checked the crystal lattice with the patience of Methuselah. It was perfect. Going over it from the back side I finally found a small minuscule scratch on one of the platinum crystals. The bastards had planned for the lattice to fail and when the ship dropped into normal space; they'd have me. 
Back on the bridge; I reprogrammed the navigation computer to change course by one degree, and then reduce power by fifty percent. Crawling into the communications room I loosened the wiring connectors to the antenna array. Two hours later I was ready. 
Activating one of the servo I watched the computer record a change in course. It was trying to compensate. Not giving it time to compensate I activated the navigation program change and activated the second servo. I watched the navigation computer record a degree and a half change in trajectory as the estimated velocity dropped. 
I suddenly realized that the radar was transmitting, and they may be able to lock on it. Shutting down the radar, I took off at a run to the communications room. Sliding under the far rack I quickly spun the connectors loose and pulled the them apart. 
Back on the bridge I pulled the cover from the radar console and searched for the transmitter board. Looking it over I traced the circuit. I could disable the transmitter and that would make the unit passive.  Unfortunately the cable from the unit wasn't marked and I didn't know which one it was in the communications room. I was blind. 
Straightening up I banged my head on the bottom of the console. It wasn't as hard as it should have been. Crawling under the console again I looked up and realize that there was a clear envelope attached. Puling it free; I thanked God that there were still morons working in maintenance. Spreading the pages open I quickly realized that the manual covered not only the backup radar, but the primary system also. 
Popping several other consoles I found only the navigation units manual. 
Back in the power plant room I searched behind all the removable covers. I found one panel that was secured with nuts that had three flat surfaces. No tool I had would fit it. I got cold shivers just thinking about what may be behind it. 
Back on the bridge the navigation computer was having fits and flashing its warning lights. Its screen indicated that I was approaching a nebula. Remembering that a nebula contained gas, dust, and stars plus planets I reached over and cut power to the engines. Wait a minute, how could the navigation computer tell I was approaching a nebula? Grabbing the navigation system manual I jerked it open to the index and ran my finger down the listing until I found; Internal navigation. 
Opening it to the summary I quickly read down until I spotted the lines that gave me a sense of relief. In unlikely case of external navigational radar input, the unit calculates probable trajectory and distance to the nearest stars. It then activates the alarms if the pilot does not shutdown the propulsion system. It will not allow the propulsion system to be reactivated until external navigational radar input is detected on cable 143-72. 
To check this out I pressed the hyperspace power system activation button and a canned computer voice replied, 'Unable to comply. Activate backup radar system and reboot navigation system.' 
In the hour the ship had traveled since I pulled the communications cable, I hoped I was light years from my pursuers. 
Shutting down the communications, navigation, and radar consoles, I walked to the communications room and pulled the main circuit breaker. Sliding under the racks I reconnected the cables after checking for power on each connector wire. They were all dead. Using my wrench set I snugged down each one. 
Back on the bridge I reconnected the backup radar connector to the wall port and pulled the transmitter board. Turning on the system I got nothing. Replacing the board I turned it on again and after a few minutes the screen fogged on one side. The fog slowly drifted from the edge toward the center. Rebooting the navigation computer the ship started rotating and then the computer activated the acceleration alarm. The count down indicated that I had ten seconds to get strapped in. I barely made it before the acceleration squashed me flat into my seat. Never before had I felt such acceleration, not even it training. When I regained consciousness the bridge was quiet. 
Tapping the backup radar showed fog all around the ship. That meant that I was inside the nebula with all my active radar being reflected. Tapping the navigation computer its screen indicated a 0 0 -1 drift. The first number meant that the ship wasn't accelerating, the second if negative indicated movement to port and a positive starboard, and the third if negative indicated downward movement. I realized that the ship was drifting downward from my orientation on the bridge through the nebula with no indication of the direction out. 
Unstrapping I headed back to the galley. After eating I crawled into my bunk and collapsed. 
Looking at the navigation computer, I almost dropped my cup of coffee. I'd slept for over twenty hours. The internal navigation readings were now 1 -1 -3. cutting the internal gravity I started drifting toward the left wall. I knew the ship had been tapped by something and was in an off center tumble. Entering the command to use present position as 0 0 0, I let the computer figure out which way we were traveling as I left to get some food. 
After hydrating and stirring my eggs I realized that even though the radar was blind; I could go outside and use my eyes to probably see where I was. I relaxed slightly and drank a second cup of coffee. 
Looking at the navigation screen, it indicated I was accelerating at less than a meter per hour toward a gravitational source to port. Tapping the maneuvering rockets to stop the tumble I heard something scraping across the hull, so I stopped. 
Suiting up I grabbed something I hadn't used in years, a jet pack. After hooking up two safety lines I opened the airlock and stared at a big rock. Bracing myself I pushed. After a few seconds it appeared to drift toward the rear of the ship, then changed direction toward one side. Sticking my head out the airlock I looked and saw it rotating off one of the steel beams I'd installed on the hull. Pivoting around I saw two more boulders sitting on the hull. I started to pull myself out the airlock, then froze realizing that I'd left the navigation computer on and it could fire the maneuvering rockets at any time. 
Inside I disabled the rockets and set the navigation computer to monitor only. 
Back outside I pushed off all the boulders on the hull and walked the hull back to check the main rockets. Inside I found more rocks. Throwing them from the rocket nozzles I watched them curve around and impact on the hull. That could only mean that they were magnetic. 
Back inside I started checking the cargo inventory. The usual mining, and farming equipment. Near the end of the list was listed government and civilian infrastructure support supplies. Several pages of miscellaneous items, then a jackpot. A news agency setup. 
It took three weeks before I got down to the numbered container. Inside I found several dozen remote cameras and flat-screens. After several trips to the airlock my brain started working again. I used the loading cranes to lift the entire container to the side of the ship by the airlock and repacked the others in the hold. Each camera had a unique address and transmission code. Securing them to the hull and mapping their location took another two weeks and then the fun began as I synchronized them to the dozen flat-screens I installed to the walls, ceiling, and deck of the bridge. I now had a complete view in every direction. 
To my surprise the navigation computer manual listed a video input for six cameras. Taking four aimed toward the bow I stripped wires and built a harness to connect them from the computer I'd hooked up to control the cameras. After several tries the navigation computer demanded I run a location program. I hooked up two more cameras to my harness and then took another day to repack and replace the container back in the hold. 
The next morning the computer informed me that I was off course and wanted to know if I was ready to activate the hyper-drive. I knew I was light years off course and still inside the nebula, so I allowed access to the normal rocket drive, but limited acceleration to one gravity for one hour. A decent velocity was recorded so I went eat and sleep.
I spent the next six days polishing the scratched crystal in the drive lattice. Finally I could not detect the scratch, and reinstalled it. The diagnostic computer reported no imperfections after sixteen hours of testing. 
After another rest period I checked the radars again and to my surprise half the screen was clear, but I was headed toward another section of fog. Overriding the navigation computer I turned the ship toward the clear gap and engaged the hyper-drive. In two hours I was clear of the nebula. Shutting everything down, I instructed the navigation computer to find my exact location; then plot the most direct course to destination. 
Fourteen hours later the computer indicated I was six weeks from my destination at full speed. I reset it to seventy percent velocity to save wear and tear on the crystal lattice and activated the autopilot. 
Ten weeks later as I entered the system I was immediately hailed by a DOT inspection ship. As the inspector entered the bridge I saw him stop in amazement, looking at the modifications I'd made. As he downloaded the logs off my computers he kept muttering that I was in deep shit for opening and using cargo. 
Hours later his supervisor boarded with a documentation crew. After ten minutes of taking video and pictures I offered to show them where some of the cameras were mounted on the hull. 

Then just for the hell of it, I asked why they were out here. 
The supervisor informed me that the complaint I'd filed opened an investigation that just kept getting bigger and bigger the further they looked. It was like walking into a cave with one snake, then finding nest after nest of them. 
Another straw was my wife calling her representative and complaining that I'd been sent off in a new ship on an eighteen week trip and missed her birthday. 
What got the upper supervisors involved was the insurance company complaining to the assembly about the speed that the company wanted their claim processed. 
Then a report that an undocumented armed ship was intercepted entering Earth space. 
As the reports started reaching the oversight committees; they started checking everything, and looking over everyone's shoulders. 

Due to a loophole in the law my new lawyer got me awarded salvage on the ship as well as its cargo. The insurance company agreed if I would reimburse them fifty percent of the cargo cost at Earth prices. The destination markup was over three hundred percent. 
The fact that I had kept a few of the magnetic rocks gave me the rights to claim a big chunk of the nebula. I found that out when a mining conglomerate claimed that I'd trespassed on their claim. That snake's ship was still on its way when I filed my claim at the urging of my new lawyer. 
He was new at his profession, and when I asked him what he was charging me; he kept saying one percent would make him rich. 
* * * * *


Used Computer

* P *

I needed a newer computer and looked at the on-line search engines. All sorts of entries came up from refurbished computers, to surplus, to stores that bought used computers bulk and sold them singularly or in lot groups. 
Used POS systems, refurbished POS Systems, and complete POS systems with retail hardware. Even ran across one called ALOHA POS system from an outfit closing one of its locations. Then other used software started coming up, most of it claimed to be certified as operational. 
Then at the bottom I noticed Linux computer systems for sale. I guess I'd been looking at the big bad M systems or other proprietary software systems, without even knowing it. I'd seen complete systems, desktop systems, PC systems, LW systems, TI systems, gaming computers, work stations, Laptops, Ultra books, notebooks, towers, embedded systems, rack mount computers, along with all the many manufactures brands. 
Then I remembered something a friend had said, “Linux is an open source operating system with free programs you can download and use without cost. The hackers don't write viruses for it because its no challenge, because the source code is open---” something or another. 
Then I started seeing Computers for Seniors. That was nice of them to start targeting me, a senior. Its not the age it's the mileage I always joked. After a twenty year career in one organization, and working for a big business for seventeen years, they finally broke me enough to put me out on disability. I was like an old car, it cost more to maintain and fix than the big business thought I was worth. Out with the refuse I went.  
Find your next job today even popped up. Those outfits were looking for information technology people. Suddenly it connected, all the sideways references to IT guys. After a quick sideways search I found that they had lots of college courses, on and off-line, to qualify supposedly anyone as an IT guy or gal. Great, all I need to do is go back to school. Besides the fact that I couldn't catch a punk if he threw an eraser at me, I'd be the only gray headed guy in the class. Then I thought, do they even use chalk, chalk boards, and erasers any more, with all the computer stuff available? 
Then one caught my eye, Old Computers – rare, vintage, and obsolete computers. The advertisement stated early personal computers had personality. Just what I needed, a computer with a personality, the darn thing probably wouldn't like me. What if I got one that wanted to chatter all the time and wouldn't shut up. Talk about something to drive you nuts. 

* 1 *

Then on the fifth screen back another caught my eye. Complete Portable Computer System with all required and needed software plus enhancements. Email your bid. Owner will contact you with terms and shipping. It was so plain that it was intriguing. No operating system listed, no hardware listed, no list of programs, nothing else except the second sentence stating all required and needed software. So for the heck of it I sent an email stating that I would like a portable system that was complete. I also included the sentence that I was on a budget and would like to know how much it would cost. 
After a week I figured this was just a dead end and they weren't interested in an old fogy like me so I started looking again. The ad wasn't there, I knew then they'd sold it, and didn't bother to reply to me. After looking for awhile I checked my email. There was an email from Complete Portable Systems. I almost automatically deleted it as spam, but as my finger was about to click on the left mouse button I thought, what the hell might as well look at it. It was from them, the weird thing about it was that they stated that they would call Thursday morning for an interview. If I passed they would tell me the cost and arrange delivery. An interview to buy a computer system, what a novel idea! 
Thursday morning I didn't even set the alarm clock. I woke up about eight and made coffee. Just after turning on my computer and sitting down with my second cup the phone rang. The caller ID just showed CPI with zero's as the number. Since I hadn't given them my phone number I answered by just saying, “Yup.” I instantly realized that I was talking to one of those computer generated calling systems because of the monotone clipped words. After a few minutes of questions, it stated that I passed, and if I would move my smoker from the middle of my back yard they would deliver it that night. 
I asked, “What do you mean move my smoker?” 
Then the voice stated, “There is enough room between your deck and shed to deliver the portable computer system, but we don't want to damage your gas smoker, so please move it either under the fig tree or behind the picket fence. Thank you,” then a disconnect click. 
Then I realized, they didn't give me a price. Well crap, if they delivered it, and didn't list a price and then wanted to much, I'd get to play with it until they could come and get it. If I had to move my smoker I might as well use it since it was going to be a warm day. I pulled a brisket out of the freezer and put it in a cooler full of cold water to thaw. After lunch I moved the grill and gas bottle down behind the fence beside my charcoal smoker. Back in the house I checked the brisket, it was thawed enough to prep. After rubbing my secret rub on it, the one I copied off the Internet and modified, I went back to the charcoal smoker and laid out a quarter bag of charcoal in my burn pattern. About thirty minutes later I carried the brisket down and laid it down on the grill fat side up and checked the temperature. It was around 200 so I opened the vents a little and added more charcoal and went back into the house to set my timer for 30 minutes. 
The outside thermometer was reading over 300 so I lifted the lid a little and looked at the cooking thermometer, and it was a little over 250. Right on, and then checked the firebox and adjusted the vents. I reached into my soaking can and threw a few chunks of wood on the coals, and went back inside and set the timer for one hour. 
After watching two reruns of Family Feud I ambled back to the charcoal smoker and checked the inside thermometer. It had dropped to around 225. Opening the firebox I realized that I needed more charcoal. Grabbing the big old rusted coffee can I kept under the grill, the one I'd used to start coals since coffee sold in five pound metal cans, I filled it. Years ago I'd punched holes around the bottom. Giving a squirt of starter and lighting it, I would have a can of hot coals in thirty minutes. Going back in and getting a glass of water, I pulled out one of my half broke lawn chairs and sat down to watch the sunset. After about thirty minutes I noticed the flames had died down in the can indicating it would be ready in a few minutes. The new fangled starter cans they sold had handles. Mine just had bent places around the rim where I grabbed it with pliers. Using my long pliers I dumped the hot coals in the firebox and added the last of the soaking smoking wood. Glancing quickly under the cover at the thermometer I saw that it was reading above 250. I adjusted the vents for the firebox and went inside and set the timer for an hour. 
When it went off I grabbed a disposable tin pan and pulled off enough tin foil to cover it. Sticking a pair of long tongs in my back pocket I headed out to the grill. Cooking a good brisket is never a rush job. After finishing my quart jar of sweet tea I checked the temperature. The grill was hovering around 240. Almost perfect. Setting my timer for two hours I went back inside. 
Hooking up the gas bottle to my gas smoker I lit it and adjusted the gas until I had a tiny flame all the way around the burner. I grabbed the tongs and moved the brisket to the pan. Crimping tin foil around the top of the pan to make it almost airtight I then moved it to the gas grill along with the cooking thermometer. Back inside I set the timer for half an hour and sat and watched another game show rerun. When it went off I walked out to the gas grill and checked the temperature. It was sitting right on 225. Perfect, I can now leave it to cook the rest of the night. After all an excellent brisket takes around twelve hours or more. It's more than the internal temperature to make it mouth watering good and tender.
Turning around I headed out the picket fence gate and started across the yard toward the deck steps, and walked smack-dab into something. Holding my nose I peered at the deck. There was a black shadow between it and me. Stepping back I closed one eye and looked sideways at the deck, and then the fig tree and continued looking around the back yard. There was a shadow in the shape of a 10 foot wide high wall across the yard from the deck steps to the shed. Putting my hand out I felt along it until I got to one corner, and then went the other way to the corner by the shed. Retrieving a flash light from the shed I shined it on the shadow wall. The weird thing is that I could see where it lit up the tree branches and trunk. With my right hand on the shadow I walked over to the deck steps and went up, across, and into the house. 
Sitting in front of my old computer I pulled up my email program and found the last message from them. Clicking on Reply To I typed out a few lines telling them that I had a shadow wall in my back yard and if that was the complete computer system I needed to know how to open and use it. I also griped that if they were going to deliver something that shadowy at night they needed to put some reflective tape on it so people wouldn't run into it and bloody their nose. I'd no sooner hit the send icon than a message from them popped up stating that delivery wouldn't be complete for another hour, the shadow wall was just to verify the location and prevent any living creatures from being smashed when delivery was completed. My access code would be simply stating OPEN.  I could change the access code anytime I was inside. Then the message deleted itself. I looked in every mail folder on my computer and there were no messages from Portable Computer Systems anywhere. They'd hacked my old computer. “Damn!” Realizing that there was nothing I could do tonight I went on to bed and set my alarm for 7 AM. 
After making and pouring my self a cup of coffee I stepped out on the deck. Well, the shadow wall was gone, but I now had an almost half size duplicate to my old shed smack dab up against my deck. It however was only about eight feet high and ten feet wide and deep. Looking carefully I realized that the soffit was loose just like on the old shed. I walked down and removed the lock and opened the door. Inside I could see what looked like my old lawn mower and a bunch of tools leaning up against the side walls. I then walked to my old shed and checked inside, my tools were still there. Walking back to the new shed I stepped inside and they were actually there. For the heck of it I then said, “Open”. On the inside left wall a door appeared and then slid sideways opening into another room. I felt a slight resistance as I stepped through the doorway that should have led to the outside where my deck was. 
As the door slid shut the light came on and I could see a desk with five big monitors, a keyboard, roller ball, several joysticks, and lots of gauges. I realized that this was much more than a simple computer system. It looked more like the flight simulators they showed on the learning channel. The armchair in front of the desk was on a pedestal and had a five point seat-belt. A computer doesn't need a seat-belt to keep you in front of it, I hope. Thinking hard I realized that since the door was voice activated, maybe some of the other functions were voice activated also. So I said, “Operators manual please.” 
A sultry female voice came out of the air, “On screen or hard copy Sir.” 
Without thinking I replied, “Print me an overview, I'll use the screens for details.” To my right I heard what sounded like papers being stacked. Looking down near the floor I saw something drop into a tray, and then a clunk. It looked a little thicker than my Nook with the same leopard design on the cover.
“Overview abbreviated manual is prepared. Anything else I can furnish you at the present?” 
I felt stunned so I simply replied, “I'll read that and then get back to you.” After picking up the manual I turned toward the door and took a step. The door opened, and as I stepped through I realized I was outside the new shed by the deck steps. I picked up my coffee cup off the deck railing. Still astonished I walked inside and plopped down in a chair and opened the manual. In the middle of the title page was printed, Portable Computer System H2013B. Running my finger across the screen, it flipped the page and there was an index page with what looked like hyper-links. The hyper-links had what looked like page numbers, but the forth one down was three digits and the bottom one was five digits long. I pressed the top page number and nothing happened. 
I was still looking at the index page when it occurred to me that maybe I had to turn the page, like on my tablet. Sure enough, sliding my finger over the page, the next page had Chapter 1: General Overview and Starting Instructions at the top and then numbered paragraphs covered the rest of the page. I moved my finger over to the edge of the page to flip it since it looked like real paper and suddenly I had two pages in view, one on the left and one on the right. Moving my finger over to the left edge of the left page I was back on the chapter page. Crap, this thing makes my Nook look like a stone tablet. 
I went and refilled my coffee cup, returned and started reading. I didn't even notice when my wife got up until she asked me how long I'd been up, and if the brisket was done. Looking at the DVR display I realized the brisket had been cooking for nineteen hours. “Oh shit,” I exclaimed as I jumped up and rushed out to the smoker. 
After returning the brisket to the kitchen I pulled the tin foil off. The pan was one-third full of juice around the brisket. Jabbing two forks into the brisket I tried to move it to a platter. I ended up having to use tongs because it fell apart. Splitting the end in half I grabbed a couple of slices of bread and took both plates into the TV room, and gave my wife one stating, “Here's breakfast, sorry there isn't any potato salad to go with it.” 
We ate in silence until she said, “There's a hole in my coffee cup.” and handed it to me. I got up and refilled our cups and sat back down. 
I said, “Hon, you remember I was talking about buying a new computer off the Internet. Well, I answered one ad and it was delivered last night. When you look out back there's a new shed up against the deck, and the new computer system is inside. The weird thing about it is they never gave me a price and delivered it free. I was reading the instructions when you got up. Don't discuss it with anyone, I think it's part of some secret project.” 
Her first question was, “What do you mean some secret project?” 
I answered, “It's more advanced than anything I've read about.”
She then asked, “How much did it cost?” 
“They never gave a price, and if they ask for more that what we can afford, I'll return it, OK.” 
She nodded and turned her attention back to the TV. 
I finished my coffee and then picked up the manual and started reading again. 
Occasionally she'd ask me a question or have a problem with the TV remote that I'd have to fix. By dark when she asked me what was for supper, my head was spinning from just what I'd read so far. 
I opened a can of baked beans and made brisket sandwiches. When I returned to the TV room she was reading the manual. Looking up she said, “When did you start romance novels?”
Glancing at the page I answered, “It's an interactive nook type tablet. What you're reading isn't what I've been reading.” Then I said, “One time only show what I was reading.” 
She almost dropped it as the pages she was looking at changed from her story to the manual pages. Then she handed it to me and said, “What happened to my story. Can you get it back?” 
I replied, “After we eat I'll go and see if there's another tablet in the shed.” 
After eating I entered the shed and the computer room and asked, “Can you duplicate the tablet only putting stories that my wife enjoys on it?” The sultry voice replied, “Hold the manual open in front of the books she has and it will scan them. Then I can produce another tablet with her favorite authors. It will be ready in the morning.” 
Back inside I opened my manual and slowly moved it in front of the seven shelves of her books. I closed it and went back into the TV room and said, “A tablet for you should be ready in the morning. It's getting late, almost time for bed.” 

In the morning while the coffee was making I went out with my manual and entered the computer room. Setting my manual on the desk I looked and there was another tablet with a different cover in the tray. I opened it and the title page was, Her Collection of Authors. On the index page was a list of authors, and as I touched the first one it expanded down listing titles of books by that author. Beside some it had 'in library' and others it had 'new'. Flipping the page I saw the book title page. After flipping a few more pages the story started. Closing the new book I said, “Thanks” 
Then the sultry female voice announced, “When you complete the first section of the manual you need to sit in the chair so I can start your training.” 
Behind me the light brightened and I realized that the door had opened. I went outside and back into the house. 
I showed her how it worked and she started reading. The TV continued to play in the background ignored. Picking up my manual I opened it and found that it went automatically to the last page I'd read, just like my Nook. I started reading. 
At noon the manual blanked and then printing appeared on the page. 'Lunch break, she needs her medicine as soon as you fix a meal. Best would be fish and string beans with tomato juice to drink.' Shaking my head I got up and realized I was stiff from sitting so long. After lunch she started reading and I opened my manual. 
On the page was a list of questions. 'Do you want me to start subliminal training for her so she will accept the Portable Computer System H2013B when you show it to her? Due to time dilation inside the structure you should take her with you whenever you will be inside for long periods. Are you prepared for relativistic time dilation periods? You need to made arrangements for extended periods of time to pass outside while you are inside the structure? Do you require an independent source of income deposited in your bank account to pay the your bills while you are inside? 
After each question was a “Yes” or a “No”. I assumed that I was to press the yes or no after each question. I answered them and that page blanked out and the manual pages were back. 
Leaning back in the chair I laid the manual across my stomach while I sipped the remainder of my cold coffee. After a minute or two I heard a beep like my cellphone makes when the battery is low. I picked up the manual and looked at the inside page. What was printed shocked me slightly. 'You have several medical problems that need immediate corrective action. A medical bed will be available as soon as you enter the ship.' 
I turned to my wife and said, “I'm going outside to the new shed. If I'm not back by supper time fix yourself something.” When she said OK I got up and went out. 
As soon as I got inside I said, “How long will this corrective procedure take in outside hours. I don't want to leave her alone to long.” The voice replied, “Six outside hours for the emergency treatment. The others will only take an hour or two each.” 
I then stated, “My wife also has medical problems. Will you fix them also?” 
The voice answered, “You are the commander, Captain. Your crew will be given any medical treatment you designate. Please lie on the medical bed.” 
A plastic cover pivoted over the bed and then I heard a hiss. 
The bed was shaking slightly so I opened my eyes and looked around. As I moved my head the lights came up to a comfortable level and the voice announced, “Emergency treatment completed. Rest a minute, then get up and get dressed. A flashlight is by the door so you can see to go inside. Place your wife's book over her stomach and in the morning your manual will display her medical condition so you can make a decision on what treatments she should receive. Thank you Captain, have a good night.” 
She was asleep in the recliner with the book laying almost off her lap. I put it over her stomach and watched. After a few minutes it beeped. I picked it up, closed it, woke her up, and told her it was past bedtime. 
The first thing she said was, “You were gone so long, I was worried.” 
“Everything's fine, lets go to bed babe.” 

In the morning after making coffee and heating up some sausage, egg, and cheese biscuits I sat down and opened my manual. I thought the list on me was long, but hers was two pages. Beside some were printed emergency, immediate, and routine. Looking over the top of my manual I said, “Babe, I'd like to show you the new shed. Are you ready?” 
Looking at me she replied, “You look worried, is something wrong?” 
“Come outside and I'll show it to you and explain what I know about the Portable Computer System H2013B.” 
Once inside we sat down on the bed and I said, “You know you and I both have medical problems. This Portable Computer System is more that just a computer. It's like one of the medical units that are in science fiction books or on Star Trek. The book that it made for you also has a diagnostic unit built in, and it read your health as you slept last night. A few of the problems you have were listed, 'Emergency' which meant that you could die from them at any time. If you will lie down the unit will start a repair sequence that will help you. That's what I went through yesterday for six hours.”
As she lay down the cover flipped into place and I could hear the hiss as gas replaced the air inside. I could see her face relax as the gas took effect, then I asked aloud, “How long to complete the emergency treatments and then how much longer for the immediate?” 
“Twenty-six hours for the emergency, nine for the immediate, if both are combined a total of twenty-eight hours fifteen minutes.” replied the computer voice.
“Combine both the emergency and immediate for her please.” I replied. 
“You still have some immediate procedures that need to be addressed. Would you like to take care of these at the present time?” asked the voice. 
I replied, “How long is needed to take care of my immediate problems?” 
The sultry computer voice replied, “Sixteen hours, if all your listed medical problems are addressed at the same time the time is estimated to be forty hours.” 
I thought a minute and announced, “I have to make a few arrangements and will return shortly to take care of my immediate medical problems. See you then.” Going into the house I called my daughter and told her that her mother and I would be away today. A friend was going to pick us up so not to worry because the van was parked in the driveway. She asked if I minded if she came over and used my computer, so I told her no problem. I then got my keys and wallet and locked up the house. Within minutes I was laying on a second bed. 
When I woke up I asked, “What is the outside time?” 
The voice then informed me that it had lengthened my treatment to include some of the routine treatments to increase my efficiency. It also announced that it had subliminally trained me on some of the more difficult sections of the units operation. Completion time for my wife was within the hour. Then it announced that it had also added a small subliminal training to my wife's treatment to make her transition back to consciousness easier. 
“You don't act like a plain computer. Are you an AI?” 
The voice replied, “Captain, I am pure computer, but once you took command and took the first treatment, my programing dictated that I insert a two way communications link. That link also allows me to access your subconscious mind and therefore gives me the attributes of an AI. I can terminate or limit those attributes.” 
“My question to you is this, can you influence my mind or attitude without my express permission?”
“No Sir.” the sultry computer voice answered.
“How many captains have you had previously, and do you remember what they thought and did?” I asked.
“You are my third Captain. The first was killed outside my weapons range in an ambush. The second committed self-destruct when his mate died. I have access to their recorded memories, but am not allowed to do more than use the learned responses when dealing with any later commander. That is the reason I made no objection to your request to do a medical check and repair on your mate. The Portable Computer System H2013B was originally designed for a crew of one.
“From deductive reasoning my conclusion is that the designers and builders of this system did not require a permanent mate.” 
I thought for a few seconds and then replied, “Some humans don't require a permanent mate. Companionship, however, is something that almost all biological creatures have some need for. This helps keep them coherent and sane. 
“Why was I chosen to receive and operate this portable computer system?”
The voice answered, “Five units were assigned to this planet. Three individuals were selected and units delivered to their domicile locations. Preliminary guidelines were, sufficient age to indicate maturity, flexible mental pattern, indications of emotional stability, and computer experience. The survey and investigation was completed by use of what you call the Internet.” 
“What is the status of the individuals and their units that were delivered?” I asked.
The voice answered, “One pair functional, the second individual self-destructed after realizing some of the functions of the unit.” 
“Can I communicate with the individual that is functional?” 
“No communication is allowed until a pair is integrated, that means they have trained enough to depart the units original delivery point, achieved orbit, and returned to the planets surface.” the voice replied.
“My next question is important, was the unit that had an unsuccessful joining damaged in any way, and is it on the planets surface or did it move to a different location?” 
The voice hesitated and then said, “I have been in contact with the unit you asked about. The computer indicated that it suffered some programming corruption. It is still on the surface and surrounded by a group of humans that are attempting to force entry.”

* 2 *
 
“As Captain, I direct you to instruct that unit to leave the planets surface and relocate to the side of the moon that is not in direct line of sight with the Earth. Once it has landed it is to do a complete diagnostic of all programming, isolate corrupted programs, reload those programs from its archives if they are not damaged, and then contact you. My directive to you is that any communication with the damaged unit be isolated, so that you cannot be damaged or corrupted by any incorrect or damaged communications you receive. I also direct you to communicate with the functional unit and give it the same instructions to protect itself and its humans.” 
“Yes Sir, communicating now with damaged unit. It indicates that it is unable to comply. Communicating with functional unit, it is complying.” 
“Why is the damaged unit unable to comply?” I demanded.
After a few seconds the voice replied, “Damaged unit is secured to the surface with cables, what you call concrete slabs, and large plates of metal. Mass exceeds lift capability without causing collateral damage to an area containing sentient beings.” 
“Query the damaged unit if the impeding mass is also below the unit. If it is not, instruct the unit to bore below the surface to an area where it can surface safely and then proceed to comply with previous instructions.” 
“Yes Sir, unit indicates queries on procedure to burrow without using weapons that might cause collateral damage.”
“Inform it to use sonic vibrations sufficient to cause the soil below it to liquefy, then it can simply submerge and move away from the obstructions.” 
A few minutes later the computer voice reported, “Sonic vibration procedure complied with and successful. Unit is clear of impediments. Proceeding to planetoid designated as earth moon. Proceeding to land ... Lost line of sight communications.” 
I asked, “How soon can you be ready to lift off and proceed to a location within line of sight of damaged unit?” 
The voice then replied, “You have insufficient training to complete such a maneuver Sir.” 
I replied, “I am aware of that fact. What I intend to accomplish is a stealth departure completely under unit computer control. Establish communication with damaged unit at maximum distance for safety of this unit and myself. Communicate to the damaged unit that it is to maintain communications silence until it has repaired itself. If self-repair is not possible, it is to go inactive until contacted by a unit capable of repairing its programming and assessing physical damage that needs to be repaired. Is that within my command authority?” 
“Sir, that is pushing the edge of your authority. I can bounce the your instructions off any object within range of your moon. However, I will not receive acknowledgment of receipt of message.” 
“Good enough for now,” I stated, “how fast can you safely complete my required training. I'm sure you have analyzed my brain and education. Between conscious and subliminal training I need an estimate of training time.” 
“Please sit down, will preform analysis now.” replied the voice.
I could feel something in my head, every once in awhile it felt like my brain was being stirred. The only problem was, I knew that the brain didn't have any sensory nerves like the skin so I didn't know how I got those feelings. 
“Sir, analysis complete. PCS H2013B maneuvering and flight eight additional hours, communications training four hours, five hours for defensive weapons, offensive weapons offensive three hours, interstellar navigation ten hours, intergalactic navigation four hours, personal self-defense four hours, miscellaneous data instruction sets three hours. Training is physically and mentally limited to four hour blocks for biological unit safety.” 
Suddenly an alarm sounded. “What is that alarm for?” I demanded. 
The unit replied, “Your domicile perimeter has been penetrated by a group with weapons and other equipment. Indications are that this group is moving equipment similar to what was used to immobilize unit 1. I compute a ninety-nine percent probability they will attempt to immobilize this unit.” 
I started fastening the harness unit on the chair. “Computer, immobilize and secure the medical unit for flight. Ready this unit for space flight. Give me a view of the outside on one of the monitors and divide the view into six sub-screens, one view of each direction labeled top, side 1, side 2, side 3, side 4, and bottom. Lift off ASAP and assume stealth flight if possible, if not use maximum acceleration that we can withstand and activate defensive monitoring and weapons.” 
I felt a jolt and then sideways motion. The top screen went blank and the screen number 1 showed a piece of equipment lifting a large plate of metal. A quick glance at the screen labeled 3 showed my fig tree. “Move unit in direction screen 3, damage to tree is acceptable, and lift off. Tilt unit forty-five degrees toward screen 4.” As the unit tilted I could hear a grinding sound and watched the metal plate slide off and through my old shed smashing it flat. 
“Warning, contact with electrical wiring eminent. Possible damage to outer shielding 15%.” announced the voice. 
“Level unit with planets surface and move in direction to avoid electrical wiring.” I commanded. The unit leveled and moved further into the fig tree and then straight up. I could see the soldiers below scampering to avoid the falling limbs. 
“Contact functional unit and inform it and the human in training, that Earth governments have a way of detecting units on the surface. They should depart the surface immediately. Leave decision to human whether he wants to release Portable Computer System or stay aboard.” 
The sultry voice announced, “I've lost contact with unit 3.” 
I then stated, “Upon reaching 50 miles altitude proceed to general location of unit 3 and use bottom screen to view unit 3 location. Magnify view on screen since I will want to view unit and surrounding area.” 
A few minutes later over Europe the bottom screen magnified to a point that I could see what looked like tanks surrounding an old barn. There was what looked like a steel cable fish net over the barn secured to the tanks. I could see flashes of what looked like electrical discharges around the tanks. “Locate the electrical power source they are using to electrify that net over the barn.” 
“Three sources identified.” stated the voice. 
“Computer, activate an offensive weapon capable of destroying the link from the electrified net to the power sources with as little collateral damage as possible.” 
Watching the bottom screen I saw three red lines lance toward the surface and move slightly at point of impact. Evidently some of the commanders of the tanks thought they were next, because half of them disconnected from the net and started retreating. 
“Computer, do you have fine enough accuracy to cut the net between the remaining tanks and unit 3. Verbal reply only.”
The computer voice announced, “Altitude reduction needed to twenty miles to achieve accuracy desired. Prepared to execute upon your command.” 
“Computer, do you have sufficient sensor capability to detect and neutralize or avoid any weapons directed at us?” I asked.
“With those weapons and sensors on-line altitude reduction to fourteen miles is required. Sufficient safety factor will still exist.” 
“Computer, are you able to determine if unit 3 is capable of escaping its present location. Communicate if possible.” 
“Sir, unit 3 indicates that it is still under restrain from objects place on top of it.” 
“Computer, inform unit 3 that if it can excavate one side and tilt, some of the objects may slide off and it may be able to move sideways and dislodge more of the objects. We will attempt to cut it free the net over the barn. Execute when they answer.” 
Suddenly my stomach was trying to climb out my mouth as we dropped faster than a rock could fall. Then I knew we were slowing as I was pressed into the seat. Red lines started darting toward the ground and the remaining tanks started backing away. Some didn't even unhook from the net. The net pulled the barn down showing the interior. There must have been dozens of large rectangles of metal piled on something in the corner. One of the tanks fired upon the metal rectangles. 
I yelled, “Computer, target the vehicle that fired upon unit 3. The weapon is the tube sticking out the front. Fire upon any other vehicle you determine targeting or firing upon unit 3. What is our status, report.”
The computer replied, “Multiple radar locks, eight inbound jet aircraft with weapons.” 
“Computer, inform unit 3 of attacking aircraft, inform it that as soon as they can, burrow down twenty meters and then burrow sideways four or five kilometers. If they still have any stealth capability they should use it. Then it should preform a physical diagnostic of its structure. If its structure is capable of safe space flight it should wait until I give it an all clear, and launch to low earth orbit, about a hundred kilometers altitude. If it can't safely, let me know. 
“Computer, drift toward the ocean we just crossed gaining altitude until we are at sixty miles. Prepare defensive weapons to intercept missiles launched from aircraft. I'm not aware of offensive energy weapons possessed by Earth's military forces, but monitor for all types of offensive weapons that may be used to attack this unit or unit 3. Brief verbal report to me and relay information to unit 3 if possible without giving away their location, Execute.” 
Then the computer voice announced, “Two missiles launched from surface north of unit 3's location, 1 missile launched from ocean. Will destroy when they attain ten miles altitude. Warning, two of the missiles contain radioactive warheads. Destruction may detonate. Electromagnetic pulse may cause damage to this unit.” 
“Computer, increase our altitude to one-hundred miles, use minimum intensity laser to melt the missiles warhead. If angle is available target the middle of the missile between the warhead and the rocket. If this unit has a radiation shield activate and report.” 
“A cosmic radiation shield is part of propulsion system, it is insufficient to protect from nuclear weapons.” replied the computer. 
“Computer, attain necessary attitude to activate that propulsion system. Where are the missiles?” 
“Two missiles are trailing radioactive materials where warheads broke up, remaining missile tracking our movements. Now at forty miles altitude.” 
“Computer, distance to remaining active missile. Report.” 
“Fifty miles and closing.” 
“Computer, increase altitude and then accelerate sideways until you have a shot at the missile body behind the warhead, then cut it in half using full weapon strength. Then activate cosmic propulsion system and get us away from it. If its already armed, it will detonate. Blank all view screens when you execute commands and prepare to activate backup sensors and navigation.” I noticed a slight fuzziness on the side screens just before they all went blank. A minute later they came back on and I could see the Earth, it was the size of a marble and getting smaller. 
“Computer, do you have a status on unit 3. Report.”
“Unit 3 reports that it has taken refuge in a deep portion of the Atlantic ocean. Repairable damage to structure and software systems. Estimate two-hundred hours until fully repaired and space worthy.” 
“Computer, report our location, destination, and travel time.” 
The sultry female voice replied, “We are traveling toward the fourth planet in your star system. Arrival time estimated thirty-seven hours two minutes. Minimal damage to a many systems. Repair time eleven hours.” 
“OK computer, can you prepare a meal for me and my wife? If yes and all life support systems are functioning, then wake her up when it is prepared. If not, tell me the problems.” It was just like ordering a squad of soldiers around.
“She will awaken in fifteen minutes. Food will be ready for consumption six minutes later.” 
“Good,” I replied, “after I talk to her we may decide to continue medical treatments and then you can teach both of us subliminally. Mars is the name of the fourth planet and it has a reddish color. We will need space suits if we go outside.” 

* 3 *


We were both awake when the computer announced we were going into orbit around Mars. I ordered up the same view screens on the monitor and we looked at Mars for over half an hour. It was anticlimactic. Nothing but rust colored surface and sandstorms. “Computer, scan the surface for artificial constructions. Report and display on a monitor.” We ate two meals and slept for over eight hours before the computer alerted us of what it considered an artificial construction. 
It appeared to be a group of circles, half in the shadow of a cliff and the rest at the top of the cliff. “Computer, record location and continue survey. Also, if within your capability on next orbit look below ground level for additional construction.”
Six orbits later the computer reported indications of possible underground construction, but no signs of recent occupation. 
I told Sugar Plum that I would like to explore that site. She agreed only if the unit could guarantee my safety. “Computer, does this unit have the capability to construct small remote control units that can explore the underground areas.” 
The computer replied, “Additional resources will be required. Survey indicates needed resources are available on the planets surface. Your assistance will be needed to gather initial resources. Construction time estimated at seventy hours after resources are gathered.” 
Two weeks later we had three small robots. Landing near the circle site I sent one out to survey the circles at the bottom of the cliff. Only one circle was recognizable as a broken dome with a hard smooth base. It looked like some kind of rock that had been polished, and had what looked like metal pipes sticking out of the base clustered near the center. The robot discovered one artifact that the computer claimed was a small machine that had been smashed almost flat. 
Robots number 2 and 3 finally cleared the sand and rubble from the base of the cliff only to discover that the entrance tunnel was blocked by fallen rock, to large to move. The robots used something like ground penetrating radar, but detected nothing other than a series of tunnels and caverns inside the cliff. 

A week later the computer informed us of a message from unit 3. 

Unit 3 repairs completed. Space worthy. Send rendezvous location. Will depart Earth under maximum acceleration safe for humans aboard. Humans at present still under medical sedation. Recommendations. 

“Computer, transmit our present location, recommend that humans remain under sedation, request full medical status of humans before launch order is complied with unless transmission will endanger or give away location to Earth military forces. If Earth military forces discover unit 3 location, launch immediately with all defensive weapons activated. Activate C drive at minimum safe distance.” 
An hour later we got a reply. 
Unit 3 will relocate to southern ocean after this transmission. Launch estimated in six hours. Humans will remain in medical stasis. Passive sensors indicate search pattern will discover present location within two hours. 

After reading the reply I decided. “Computer, are there any physical enhancement that you recommend that can be accomplished prior to arrival of unit 3. Report with a list and time required.”
The computer then replied, “Enhancement to skeletal system thirty-three hours, enhancement to surface skin two hours, modification to lungs to enhance respiration three hours, internal modification to organs to allow higher acceleration five hours, modification to eyes to extend vision to higher and lower frequencies three hours, reactivation of portions of base DNA and RNA to make modifications permanent forty hours.” 
“Computer, will any of these enhancements change our outward physical appearance?” Sugar Plum was sitting looking at me with her mouth open. 
The computer replied, “None of these enhancements will alter your outward physical appearance out of the recorded parameters recorded on previous surveys of Earth's human population. You will gain forty-nine pounds of overall mass not visible on surface. Body dimensions will remain basically the same. Your mate will gain thirty-eight pounds of overall mass, however her height will increase by seven inches and waist will be reduced by six inches. Appearance of your biological age will be approximately forty years younger due to improvements to surface skin. Your life expectancy will be extended approximately three to ten times after activation of certain DNA links.” 
Looking at Sugar Plum I asked, “Well Sugar Plum, physically we limit the capabilities of the unit, if we agree to these enhancements to our bodies we'll increase our safety margin no matter what the future holds for us. Do you agree that we can use them?” 
She looked at me and asked, “Will you still love me if I'm not completely human?” 
Before I could answer the computer voice started again, “All the data and biological instructions are already in your DNA. My data banks record many species that believe in a universal creator or God. The odds of what you call evolution are greater than the number of recorded stars in the universe, due to the complexity of the coding within the DNA itself. The enhancements are just reactivation of certain coding sequences and needed repairs. Creation of new DNA sequences have failed in every attempt recorded. You will remain what you call human, just better. As an illustration, right now you are like a partially worn machine with many nonactive functions, the enhancements will simply activate many of those functions. This will bring you closer to your original biological operating specifications.
Then I answered, “Hon, remember love is not determined by outward appearance. We'll still be us even, even if we're only 4 foot tall and have gray skin.” 
The computer interrupted me by announcing, “You have described the Grays, they are a species that is hostile to all life forms not their own. One of the reasons five units were dispatched to your planet was to help defend it from their species!” 
“Shit!” I exclaimed, “computer, is there any estimate on when they will attack our solar system?” 
The voice replied, “Detection of your planets radio transmissions is estimated within the next decade, unless detected by their scouts sooner. At present only the speed of light is protecting your planet from detection by the Grays and another hostile species. They are at present trying to exterminate each other. Both species have a history of genocide.” 
“Computer, set up the full list of enhancements for us. For your information, if not already on record, Earth has a mythology of visits by flying saucers with occupants that are short and gray plus other beings of different descriptions. If true, then the grays have scouted our planet and are simply to busy fighting the other species to attack us at this time. 
“From what is known about the grays weapons systems, calculate what defenses the Earth should develop to protect the planet. Report when we awaken from medical enhancements. 
“Sugar Plum, let get into the medical beds now and get enhanced.” 

When I opened my eyes I felt like someone had stomped all over my body. I was also very hungry. I felt like I could eat a horse. 
The sultry female computer voice announced, “Food preparation will be complete in ten minutes. I recommend that you lie still until then. Your mate will awaken in five minutes. Both your enhancement procedures are complete. Unit 3 should be entering orbit in fifty-three minutes and landing at our location twenty-two minutes later. Subliminal education on unit operational capabilities is completed for both of unit 3 humans. I have reported to nearest unit base all data on Earth system, and requested updates on all nearby sentient species. Report is available on screen three. Still waiting for reply from unit base.” 
Sugar Plum started moaning about five minutes later so I sat up and stumbled over to her bed. “Hon, I know you feel like you got stomped on; I feel the same way. Just relax for now, food will be ready in about five minutes.” She looked over at me and tried to smile.
“I'm starving.” she mumbled. 
We finished our meal and Sugar Plum announced that that the food was good, but there just wasn't enough. 
“You'll just have to be hungry for the next four hours, that's when the computer has our next meal scheduled. I'll say this though, your appetite has improved. And by the way unit 3 should arrive anytime now, and we'll get to meet the Europeans that were selected. We also need to think about how to get more people involved. 
“Computer, what is the status of the damaged unit on the moon? Also the status of the other two units you mentioned. Also any other defensive resources available to us.” 
The Europeans were still asleep when their unit landed and a walkway was extended between the units. We entered as they were awakening. I handed him a robe and Sugar Plum handed her one. When they opened their mouths to speak I realized that I didn't speak German, but I could understand them. They looked amazed when I spoke to them and they understood my English. 
I then said, “Computer, are you translating or is this an enhancement. Reply please.”
“Yes Senior Captain, your computer instructed me to reply to all your questions. This is a minor enhancement that all four of you received.” 
“Well I think the first thing we need to do is eat, can you comply without stressing resources. If so we will need liquid refreshment while you are preparing food. Query my unit for our dietary requirements. They may be different than your passengers.” 
I introduced myself and Sugar Plum. Hans and Greta introduced themselves and then he thanked us for the assistance we gave helping them to escape. Greta elbowed him and then reminded him that she was the one the unit selected as Captain. 
I then said, “Captain Greta, it is a pleasure to meet you and your crew. We've been here on Mars for about a month and discovered ruins. We have partially explored the ruins at the bottom of the cliff, but were unable to enter the underground tunnels. This is the only set of ruins our survey detected on the planet, so I assume that it was an outpost for another species. After we eat, I have a few subjects we need to discuss and problems we need to think about.” 
Greta replied, “I already know about the war between the grays and the other aliens. Our computer told us about the unit on the moon and told us why it refused to accept any communications from it. What other problems do you know about?” 
I said, “The problem with the different countries military forces, and how to safely bring them up to a point where they can defend Earth from an invasion that I expect at any time. Somehow we need to influence the worlds governments to get their military units to cooperate without forming a one world government. I smell food so lets eat first.” 
After eating we sat around and discussed a variety of subjects for several hours. The second time Sugar Plum yawned Greta suggested we break for the night, and if possible have breakfast in our unit since they'd only seen theirs. I agreed, and instructed the computers to inform each other when we were all awake. 

Upon returning to our unit I said, “Computer, did you monitor our last discussion for the morning.”
“Yes Senior Captain.” 
“Computer, secure this units entry doors and outside access panels, and unlock only upon mine or Sugar Plums command. Activate passive defensive sensors and put defensive weapons on standby. Assume stealth mode. I have a feeling that we may need to lift off without any warning. Report preparation time for activation of maneuvering engines, C engine, and activation of offensive weapons. Inform the other units computer and Captain of our preparations. 
“Communicated preparations, defensive sensors on-line, defensive weapons on standby, stealth at 80%, G drive which is maneuvering engine from cold start requires eleven seconds, C drive requires one planetary diameter to activation, offensive weapons require eleven seconds to activate from inactive status.
Then the computer informed me that a message had been received from Captain Greta, “Steve, why are you making those preparations, are we in danger?” 
“Computer, reply to message, I have a gut feeling, and it's better to be prepared, than be caught flat footed. If any unusual objects are picked up by my units sensors you will be immediately notified.” 
Well, we slept quietly all through the night. When we woke up the computer informed us that they'd been up for several hours and had decided to go outside and physically explore the ruins. I sent a robot out to inform them that we were up and breakfast would be in an hour. 
Several hours after breakfast we had eliminated all options except, small attacks on Earth to get them to cooperate, contacting several Earth governments and offer them defensive weapons like force fields to start with, and the least attractive was physically landing and addressing the UN. 
That evening the computer woke us up to inform us that a Gray spacecraft had been detected in Earth orbit. Units 4 and 5 had immediately gone stealth and landed on the moon. Unit 1 had transmitted a report to unit base and then gone silent. 
I decided that we should lift off Mars as soon as we had the planet between us and the Grays spacecraft and land on the moons. That would give us an altitude advantage. It would also allowed our sensors to get a reading on the radio traffic from Earth. 
Since the Earths military forces were looking for us they'd detected the spacecraft soon after it achieved orbit. Several missiles were launched. The grays shot them down and fired energy weapons at the launch sites. When our moon came back into line of sight we watched the grays spacecraft destroy the space station and most of the satellites in orbit. Then they leisurely departed the solar system. My computer identified the spacecraft as a scout. 
I informed Captain Greta that we would return to Earth orbit and immediately transmit to Earth a warning that the spacecraft that they tried to shoot down was also our enemy. We would assist them in defending the planet if they wanted assistance. 
I took one side of the planet and Captain Greta took the other side. We started our transmission. “Citizens and governments of the planet Earth, the enemy of my enemy is my friend! We are here to assist you in defending your planet from the Grays that are also our enemy. If you train your telescopes on our two ships you will see that they are not the same kind as the enemy spacecraft that destroyed several of your military sites. 
“We have four operational units within your solar system. Your military damaged one unit while it was trying to make peaceful contact. We will give you twenty-four hours to make your decision. If you want assistance we will furnish you with the knowledge on how to construct defensive weapons systems. If you do not want our assistance, we will leave you to defend your planet.” We repeated the message five more times and then went to the moon. 
I told Captain Greta to land facing earth while I took my unit around to the landing site of unit 1. Unit 1 had been blasted with a powerful energy weapon almost completely melting it. I lifted off and flew around the moon making contact with units 4 and 5, then landed near Captain Greta's unit. All data collected by units 4 and 5 was transmitted to Captain Greta. 
Her reply was, “You got to be kidding, we are going to fight the Grays with two ships.” 
I replied, “If the Earth wants help we'll give them stationary force fields, and maybe the G drive for their missiles. My computer estimates that there are more nuclear weapons on Earth than the estimated number of major warships the grays have left. The biggest danger to us is that they may turn the missiles on us. We won't be able to outrun them. 
Fourteen hours later we received a message from Russia announcing that they would accept our assistance. They wanted us to land and give them the defensive weapons.
I sent back a message that we could not land. When more governments accepted our assistance we would transmit the knowledge and schematics to all of them on how to build the defensive weapons. 
Within three hours we had contacts from almost all the industrial nations in the northern and southern hemispheres. An hour later all 4 units approached and went into earth orbit. With all 4 units transmitting we covered the Earths surface with our transmissions on how to build a stationary force field. I then informed the receiving governments that when they had cooperated and built protection for all, and I emphasized all major population centers of more than a million people, we would then transmit a propulsion system that they could use on their missiles along with a system to block most radar reflections. 
I then instructed my computer to compute the Grays most probable route to approach the Earth for attack using their previous known attack patterns. I then instructed unit 5 to travel to Mars and using the robots we left there to mine materials for a manufacturing plant to build defensive weapons. 
Someone on the surface started calling Greta and requesting that she answer them. She contacted me and informed me of the communications and wanted to know what to do because she was afraid for her relatives. After a few minutes I told her that I would answer them. 
“Persons trying to contact Captain Greta, identify yourself.”
The person answering stated that he was the NATO commander. 
I answered him and thanked him for the contact. “As you know one of the Earth military units damaged one of our contact ships, and the Grays used that damage to destroy that ship while it was repairing itself on your moon. With only four ships operational we lack the numbers to be effective in assisting you to defend your planet.
“You are probably wondering why I said your planet. That is because we have been physically enhanced by the medical computer operating these ships, and will no longer be comfortable on Earths surface. Because of those enhancements we had to cut all physical ties with Earth. 
“We do need your assistance because even with the advanced technology we can now access, we are only equal to the Grays on even numbers, if undamaged. What I am thinking about is laying a mine field on their projected avenue of approach, but we have no plans or schematics on how to construct such a mine field. Can you assist us in assisting Earth. 
“I will await your reply.” 
Eighteen hours later we were hailed again, “Attention spacecraft in orbit, we need stronger power sources to set up the needed force fields. Can you transmit instructions on how to build them?” 
Questioning the computer I transmitted back to Earth, “The technology to build such power sources is beyond your technology level, however after analyzing several of the nuclear powered surface and subsurface ships your military forces have, our computer has calculated that they are sufficient to raise and hold a force field for up to twenty-four hours. Unfortunately that limits the protection of your cities to coastal areas. Your nuclear reactors on land and hydroelectric power grid, if hardened, can support force fields for several hours unless they are damaged.” 
The reply was almost immediate, “We figured that out already. That force field is almost beyond our capabilities to build. Only five companies are capable of manufacturing the components and they are now working twenty-four hour shifts. Let us know when you can start on the mine fields?”
I replied, “One of our ships is now going to get raw materials to build the manufacturing facility to build the mines. We can put propulsion units on the mines, but something designed by your engineers would be more suitable allowing your military to reprogram any that remain afterwards. Detection circuits should be variable from radar frequencies down to infrared. The mines should also be of various types from chemical to nuclear explosives and don't forget to include ballistic weaponry. We will construct as many as possible, but we do not know the attack time.” 
Two weeks later my computer informed me that the force fields being tested were slight improvement over the type we'd transmitted to Earth. Also several energy weapons were being tested on two continents. The interesting thing about one of them was that it was the same frequency as the radar units used by that country. Electronic monitoring of its test indicated that it was a one shot weapon and probably used the radar unit to target. 
Unit 5 reported that it had the first hundred mines completed and needed a unit to transport them. Captain Greta volunteered. I instructed her to let her computer figure out the launch points and trajectories. I also told her that I hoped that the mines would cool of to the temperature of space and not emit any heat signature, and still be operational. 
My computer interrupted me and announced that a small modification should be added to the mines. If I approved the mines could be sprayed with a rock vapor to more closely resemble small asteroids. I approved the modification provided it didn't interfere with the mines operation. Computer analysis reported that it would not interfere. I then approved the modification. 
As more mines were added, it started to resemble an asteroid belt half way between Earth and Mars. The computer calculated that most of it would not remain stable for more than fifteen years. 

* 4 *

Captain Greta had placed over nine thousand mines when an request was transmitted to us. They wanted us to transport a military unit to the moon along with housing, heavy equipment, and weapons. 
After consulting with Greta, I informed them that if they could get them into low earth orbit we would transport them to the moon, but we didn't have the capability to give them logistical support. 
The first objects to arrive in orbit were parts of what looked like boring machines. Unit 4 started transporting them to the moon. Cranes and what looked like snow machines arrived next. Next men in capsules started arriving. I watched the first three capsules rendezvous under their own power and space suited figures started fastening the capsules together. The computer reported that two of the three next rockets that arrived were nuclear tipped and the third was a combination of solid fuel boosters. 
We watched them separate the boosters, construct a frame to hold them, and then remove the warheads and electronics from the first two rockets and assemble them. In a matter of days they'd built a military space station with nine nuclear missiles. Then another group of rockets arrived. 
They called us and informed us that they required transportation for the next ten rockets to the moon to the same location we landed the heavy construction equipment. We were told that two contained personnel and the other eight life support equipment and a temporary shelters. They also announced that as soon as the underground moon base was set up they would start building missile silos on the moon and they hoped we'd be able to transport the fifty missiles they wanted to station there. 
On our second trip back we spotted another space station being constructed in orbit. Then to our surprise one of the retired space shuttles popped up at the first space station. The computer reported that it had a shielded nuclear power source aboard. From the activities I assumed that it was being readied for a trip to the moon. I knew it couldn't land on the moon because there was no atmosphere, but after watching the modifications being placed on the shuttle it began to resemble a true spacecraft. Whole sections of the skin were cut away and what appeared to be rockets were mounted. From its appearance it was going to land on its landing gear. 
Several days later it departed the space station using the rockets attached to the wings. 
A message was received by the computer that unit base was sending us some reinforcements. However they wouldn't arrive for three months. I informed the Earth military. I also asked them for permission to recruit two more couples that met the same criteria that we met when we were selected. I then informed them that our spacecraft could not function as fighters unless they had an organic sentient being as a commander. If they gave permission they also needed to agree that they would not interfere with the recruitment process. Only persons with a certain mental makeup would be able to function with the ship. Others would go insane. Just a small lie.
It took three days for them to agree not to interfere. Unit 4 then landed in Canada. The selected couple were shocked when the unit announced itself through their computer. From the news they thought they'd never be able to return to Earth because of physical changes. They took three days to notify all their relatives and enter the ship. After another week of training they launched and joined us in high orbit. After two more days training they went to Mars to relieve unit 5. Unit 5 proceeded straight to Earth and landed in Columbia. The couple selected refused, so it then moved to Bolivia. The Bolivian couple completed their training in a week and joined us in orbit. He was retired from the military and she was a university professor. What surprised me was that she was the selected captain. 
The Captain of unit 4 launched almost five hundred mines in a pattern that resembled two meteor clouds in solar north south orbits similar to what comets used. Their orbits crossed the solar plane between Venus and Earth. They then requested permission to pick up a cubic kilometer of ice from the Antarctic. After explaining why to the Earth military they were granted permission. They built two fairly convincing comets around their planted mines. 
In the year since I'd been recruited, we'd constructed and placed almost three hundred thousand mines. Their propulsion systems ranged from compressed gases, to chemical rockets, to over five hundred with a combination of C and G drives. Now all we could do was wait. The combined Earth military had a base on the moon and two military stations in orbit. 
We had all 4 units on Mars when the computers announced that the Gray fleet was detected approaching from the solar north. Sensors indicated a capitol ship and six smaller warships. They'd tucked themselves into the ice plume from one of the artificial comets unit 4 built. The computer indicated that all we needed to do was send the activation signal to that minefield and the mines would start drifting toward the Grays ships. 
It worked well for almost forty hours. Then for some reason one of the Gray ships started using the drifting mines for target practice. The second one he hit activated the rest of the mines. Those with the G and C drives managed to take out three of the smaller ships and damage the capitol warship as they all scattered. One of the Earth space stations launched all its missiles and they did more damage to the capitol ship, only because they'd gone ballistic and weren't detected. Two of the smaller warships managed to escape the solar system while the third attempted to hide in our artificial asteroid belt. A group of mines destroyed it. 
We arrived back to the vicinity of the capitol warship in time to rip it apart using our energy weapons. We were requested to haul the damaged ships to Earth orbit. We told the Earth's military that we would drop them on the far side of the moon, because putting them in Earth orbit would be to dangerous to Earth due to the types of damage they'd sustained, plus some of their power units were still active. 
As we dropped the second warship on the moon a shuttle was on its way from Earth. 
An ambush only works one time unless it is changed or the enemy is so stupid they walk into the next one blinded by their own hubris! 

* 5 *

Two days later after a brain storming session we decided that all further mines and missiles needed to have some sort of friend or foe identification system. Our spacecraft couldn't just broadcast an identification signal continuously because that could be used to locate them for targeting. A week of conferences with Earth military and some scientist concluded the same. One solution we arrived at was something like a IFF transponder. However the missiles could not have the activation transmitter because that would make them a target. Interrogator satellites would need to be place throughout the solar system and only be activated by passive radar systems that detected out of pattern movement. The satellites would send out an interrogation signal and the friendly spacecraft would reply. The missiles and mines in the area would receive that transponder signal and then tag the spacecraft as friendly. Otherwise they would attack. 
The mines could drift close to the spacecraft and then send out another interrogation signal. If the spacecraft didn't reply the the mine would target the spacecraft and explode.
The ARAT system would probably be best provided it could operated near a heavily use frequency band like that of hydrogen in the outer system and infrared in the inner system. 
We left the details for the Earth scientist to work out and design after reminding them again that the devices must work at the temperatures in space. 
No other species in the data banks had ever thought of such a system. They relied upon either their absolute control of every spacecraft in their fleet or external markings on the hull and hull configuration for identification. 
The manufacturing of the mines and missiles would be a joint effort between our automated factories and those factories on Earth. 
I also checked back in my computer data banks of other species and found blueprints for powerful laser and disrupter weapons. The species that had used the disrupter weapons had made a fatal mistake. The weapons had tracked the invading fleet, and when its remains had approached their planet the disrupter weapons were still firing. Their bad luck was their home planet was on the other side of the invading fleet, and the disrupter weapons fired upon and through the invading fleets and destroyed it. In my opinion; to even contemplate using the disrupter weapon would require control that was beyond that which the Earth could design. However that weapon could be mounted on the Portable Computer System units. 
Now all we could do was wait. 
# # # # #

P.S. 
If you find a typo or other mistake, let me know. I'll fix them.
Thank You for reading this collection!
SLB
