This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and facetiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental or intended for purely humorous effect.

​Copyright © 2021 by Wiley Zanzibar

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the established consent or written permission of the copyright holder.
SIX DEMON BAG
Yeah, a hundred years from now there will be some moviegoers that’ll look back and say ‘Well, look at that guy…I mean, that was a hundred years ago, but he knew what fucking time it was. He knew what he was doing.’
Kurt Russell
CHAPTER ONE 
Burt Jackson knew from evil. Satanism, Hateanism, Monosodium Glutamateanism. He knew from devils n’ demons, gods n’ ghouls. He’d faced every kind of scumbag torment and shook the Pillars of Heaven with his own two hands. Didn’t matter if it was some misbegotten temple or house on the hill, they came in all shapes and sizes, yes sir.
“All shapes and sizes, Burt!” they’d say and he’d tap their heads against a bar room wall, look ‘em crooked in the eye and say, ‘I hate that name, man.’
“Sorry, Jack,” they’d say.
He stuck a nozzle in the rig’s tank now and stared across the sun-baked lot of the Big Trouble Truckstop. With a 24-hour breakfast menu and plastic bin of cherry sours by the register, you couldn’t go wrong. Sure, it was full of idiots with a few ideas in their head – Take Over the World Ideas – but most never progressed past dessert and a second cup of coffee.
When they did – when anyone did – there came a certain change in the air. Jack could always feel it, always knew when to take this on-ramp or that exit. Downshift the Porkbelly Kaboom to sniff out the latest thing. His truck, that is. And my friend, a finer long-haul beauty has never been made. Sometimes they carried gel insoles, sometimes knitting needle repair kits. Sometimes – like now times – it was just the cab itself, Jack behind the wheel, sniffin’ away. 
Why, just the other day it’d been Mesopotamian thunder gods. Middle of the suburbs no less, some Madge or Maude or Soccer Mom Susie, but! she’d messed up the translation and all that came out of her Cask of Torment was an astronaut holding a fish sandwich. What the hell was that horseshit? Take the time to put some superstitious locals together, man. You got a P-T-A, you can get a C-U-L-T. If you have to, grab a few donkeys and hit the jungle. Lotta ziggurats out there, people, just do the work.
That was the problem with privatizing the darkest magic. These days, every ancient sect and secret society was meetin’ the modern age head-on. Infomercials, door-to-door spellcasting, they even put ads in the Yellow Pages. Hell, a couple years ago, some priest king of the New Wave Order of Bitchin’ Warlocks went on That’s Incredible! and conjured a peltath demon. Okay, he got to ask out Cathy Lee Crosby, but still.
Times were changin’. Most of the forbidden texts stayed in those ziggurats, thank God, but plenty of forgeries abounded. You never knew what you were gonna get. Now, Susie gets pissed at her cheating husband, she buys herself a little hocus jokus from some guy on the street and almost nukes the neighborhood? It wasn’t even a real Cask she had! Just some casserole dish with moons and shit painted on. 
“It’s mystical!” said the Suze.
“It’s a crescent moon with sunglasses!” Jack had cried.
He even saw ‘Cask of Torment’ on a piece of masking tape across the side, because she said she didn’t wanna confuse it with the one she made her tuna surprise in. Which, it turned out, was also painted with moons and shit because she’d hex the casseroles for extra flavor. Jack had looked through her cabinets and sure enough, she had garlic salt. He’d chucked it at her.
“That’s all the magic you need!”
Jack sighed and glanced from the pumps to the woods over the highway, then at the mountains beyond. A camper truck rolled by and pulled into the lot. He tilted down his Ray-Bans.
Well, well.
Half a dozen guys jumped out, polishing their sacrificial daggers as they walked inside. Not the regular ones neither, but the wavy kind. No spreadin’ peanut butter with a knife like that. You weren’t slicin’ damn tomatoes. Knife like that, you held it overhead while people chanted all ‘tentacle, pentacle, upside-down-cross.’ Plain and simple.
Jack watched them through the big front window, headed behind the counter. A bunch of guys in some booths wiped their mouths and peeled bills onto the table as they stood to follow. Snake hair waving under their trucker hats or tails wagging out their jeans. A few wings fluttering from the back of flannel shirts. Several of ‘em with a skip in their step, at thoughts, no doubt, of ruling the universe from beyond the grave. 
The nozzle clicked off and Jack rattled it back on the hook, eye still on the diner. Then he swung up the cab, turned the key. Patted the dash as the Porker rumbled to life and he drove her to a slot round the side. Grabbed his baja off the passenger seat and headed in.
“Jekk!” said Emil as the bell clanged over the door. The silverware noise and general murmur dropped off as everyone glanced over.
“Emil, Emil,” said Jack, popping a cherry sour in his mouth.
“What is the new haps, brofriend?”
“Nothin, ‘brofriend’,” said Jack, chewing away. “Just a little matter of some...EVIL!”
He moved behind the counter.
“Whoa, whoa!” Emil followed, eye stalks wriggling. “You kent juss –”
Jack bumped through the kitchen doors.
“Who we tryin’a raise today, Emil?”
“Raze? Noh one, Jekk!”
Jack swept some pots and pans to the floor and waved to the dripping soulsack manning the grill.
“Hey, Ted.”
“Blgngahzh, Jack.”
“Outta the way, Emil.”
“Jekk, c’mohn!” Emil fiddled his talons like someone might wring their hands.
Jack yanked the freezer open ‘Ha-HA!’ and a gust of vapor rolled over his thighs. 
“What’s the deal, Emil.”
“Nutheeng, Jekk.”
“It’s somethin’.”
“Swair to God, broheim.”
“God, huh. Which one.”
“Uhhh...Acapulcocoatl?”
“God of margaritas and thong bikinis?”
“Praze be to the sloshed an’ slutty, Jekk!”
“Praise be.” Jack clipped his shades to the baja then turned suddenly, catching Emil’s wrist. He shook the cleaver free and kicked it away.
“Impressive, Jekk.”
“It’s all in the re – hey, is that a secret lever?” One of the meat hooks in there, it looked like a secret lever. 
Jack pulled it, the back wall sliding away to reveal a stone staircase, torches puttering in brackets to either side. He swung a whole pig out the way and looked down. The sound of chanting droned up, alongside a whiff of beans and burgers, maaaaaan, they had a whole party goin’. He heard someone call for a new keg.
“’Swair to God, broheim.’” Jack sneered.
“Jekk, look –“ 
“What’s the occasion, Emil?”
“Berthday party, okeh? Is no big theeng.”
“We’ll see.”
“Jekk!”
Jack started down. “Gotta do it, Emil!”
Emil sighed and shuffled after.
“Why, Jekk, huh? Tayk the day ohf!”
“Oh, what, you think I enjoy this shit? Roadside attractions comin’ to life? Exit ramps to goddamn purgatory? Highway patrolmen with horns and tails and light comin’ outta their mouths?!”
“You luv thet shit!”
“Yeah, it’s pretty fun.”
“So goh do eet! Just dohn’t –”
“Too late!” 
Jack jumped off the last step ‘Ha-HA!’ half-crouched, arms open.
The band kept setting up, girls on ladders hanging a HAPPY BIRTHDAY GLEN! banner behind ‘em. Burgers on the grill, a few guys in robes walking by with their hoods down, paper plates piled high. There was a cleared circle at the center of the crowd, everyone there comparing wavy knives.
Jack shoved through.
“Okay, what the hell is goin’ on?!”
“Jack! Buddy!” Jimmy shouted, waving an arm overhead. 
“I tride to stohp heem, Jeemy!”
Jimmy grinned his way through, robe flowing, nose ring winking in the torchlight. 
“Not a problem, Emil. Go grab some coleslaw or something.”
Emil sighed and sulked away.
Jimmy patted Jack on the arm. 
“Guess what I got at a garage sale!”
Jack pointed to the Glen banner.
“Whozzat.”
“No one, they screwed up our order.” Jimmy held out a large, iron-banded book. “I’m talkin’ this!”
“The Necronom-nom-nom-i-con?! Jesus!”
“You got a better way of calling up Chunkthulhu, I’d like to hear it.”
“Chunky? The hell you want with that fat bastard?”
“Horror, damnation, prestige, you name it.”
“Oh, I’ll name it. It’s called the lip-smacking crunch of bones once you open that book!”
“C’mon! He’s a sweetheart!”
Jack tapped the cover.
“Plus, you gotta feed this thing if you wanna open any kinda portal.”
“We tossed in some burgers. Wanna beer?”
“Sure.”
“Wanda! Beer me!”
A waitress tossed a can in a high arc. Jack pssht! it open and sucked the foam off.
“Thanks.”
He pushed farther into the crowd. 
“Jack!”
“Yeah, everyone, lemme have your attention!”
“Dude, c’mon –”
“We’re not bringin’ up no monsters from the nameless depths of, uh, hideous...”
“And cyclopean,” said Jimmy.
“What?”
“It’s a word.”
“And cyclopean infinity! Okay? Not today!”
The crowd booed.
“Yeah, yeah, cry me a river.” Jack shouldered toward the circle in the center, turning quickly as someone snatched off his Harley Davidson hat. “Hey! Gimme that...”
“Jack, you can’t just stop one of these things!”
“That’s why you ain’t gonna start it, Jimmy!” Jack cursed the hat thief’s deft escape and stepped between the last few people. The crowd gasped as he entered the circle itself. “Now let’s all –”
“Jack!” cried Jimmy. 
Hands on his hips, Jack tilted his head back with a sigh, staring at the ceiling.
“What, man.”
“It’s already started.”
Jack looked down. Symbols painted all over the floor, ankhs, evil eyes, moons, clovers, horseshoes, what have you. They all crackled with threads of green light, tendrils crawling over the tops of his boots. He tried to take a step but was sizzled to the floor.
“Ah, shit.”
CHAPTER TWO
Estebob ‘Swank’ Pilskin knew from escapes. Prisons, lockups, solitaries, islands, old amusement parks, booby-trapped closets, you name it. They hadn’t made the thing he couldn’t, wouldn’t escape from. 
Sometimes he showed up places, just to escape. 
“Here to escape, Bob?” they’d say.
“Call me Swank,” he’d growl. “No, wait. Bob is fine.”
Trick was, Bob knew, you had to find the right trouble or no one wanted to keep you there. But once that was outta the way, it was just a matter of runnin’ like hell and shootin’ anything between you and the door.
It’s why he took the job with the King of Phoenix. In and out of the Big Trouble Casino, secret lab entrance by the Keno parlor. Use the code they gave, steal the briefcase outta the vault, ten minutes.
It’s why he was stuck in the bottom of a goddamn pit right now. Lookin’ up the sheer, brick walls, some no-neck in mirrored shades and a suit lookin’ down. Tuggin’ on a goddamn cigar. Nametag saying ‘Doomwire. Hospitality & Murder.’ Goonbots standin’ over each shoulder, eyes flashing.
“What else?” Bob had asked. This was the day before, him and Scamhands walking through the King’s palace.
“Nothin’,” Scamhands had said. The King’s heavy. “I mean, a few guards, a few guns, but it’s an easy gig...”
Bob looked at a cardboard cutout of himself as they passed the palace giftshop. It was smiling, arms gesturing to a table with stacks of gray camouflage pants and black zipshirts. A basket of eyepatches sat alongside. A word balloon was attached to that shit-eating grin: Be A-Number One with the Escape Into Style™ active collection!
Break out a couple places, steal some shit, embarrass the President, everyone wants a piece. Hard getting an agent though, when you’re on the Ten Most Wanted. So they put his face on clothes, food, toys, whatever. What could he do? Hell, a regional chain of lumberyards changed their whole damn name.
‘Call Me Planks.’
Assholes.
At least the giftshop had the rest of his stuff, too. Bomber jacket, spiked boots, neato countdown wristclock. Boots were junk though – plastic spikes? Come on. His own thunked on the tile as he caught up to Scamhands. Still had some wiper fluid on ‘em.
Thing was, his last job for the Magnificent Hellsqueeze hadn’t gone off like it should. He’d escaped just fine, obviously, but the nitrous booster in his El Camino had cracked the pistons and that was that. Smoke, oil, one of the tires blew for some goddamn reason. Six flips off the road into the desert and there he sat under a crumple for two days. Autocops had gone right by, though.
If Scamhands hadn’t been out chasing slaves, who knows what mighta gone down. Man could only drink so much wiper fluid and expect to stay sane. 
“Bob! That you?” the man had said, kneeling down by the wreck with the sun behind him.
Bob finished off his pine tree deodorizer and dried-gum-under-the-dashboard sandwich and gave a sneer.
“Scamhands Rialto. What’s new.”
“Need a job?”
After Scam’s goonbots had flipped the Camino off, Bob brushed his pants clean and listened to the pitch. King of Phoenix. Casino. Briefcase. Unlimited credit at the palace giftshop.
“What’s in the case?” he’d asked.
“Who cares?” said Scamhands. “Let’s hit the palace and get you cleaned up.”
And there they were, pushing through the tall, polished doors of the Great Hall.
“You know Big Trouble?” Scamhands asked. 
Bob grunted and looked around. Suits of cybernetic armor posed on pedestals with shocker lances in their fists. Tapestries on the walls, most of them depicting the King’s many victories during the Seven States War.
“You hear me, son?”
Bob grunted again.
“Yeah, well, you head north. Hit the Grand Canyon, you gone too far.”
Another grunt.
“That a yes or a no? Can never tell with you.”
Bob snapped a match under his thigh and lit a cigarette. He smoked and looked cool. The eyepatch definitely helped.
Scamhands sighed.
“Okay, you done talking or is this like, a dramatic pause?”
Bob narrowed his eye. 
“Where’s my gear.” His voice dripped. Disdain, exhaustion, too much wiper fluid, it was a mixed bag. 
“Got a whole load in the Winnebago, man,” said Scam. He tossed over the keys. “Guns, rockets, grappling hooks – Man, you don’t even know what shit!”
Half of it fuckin’ broke coming through the casino air ducts. The rest weighed so fuckin’ much, Bob had fallen through a vent and onto the salad bar. A woman tonging some chicken wings onto her plate asked him to please move his boot.
Suddenly, his instincts kicked in as he’d leapt to the ground. Escape From the Big Trouble Buffet! He ran out and machine-gunned a pai-gow table, everyone running for cover. Then the giant Escape From the Poorhouse! slot machine and couple ATMs for good measure. He’d ducked away in the confusion, feathered hair flowing, suppressed MAC-10 spraying a clear path ahead.
Secret door by the Keno parlor just where the blueprints said and he punched in a keycode. 
Beeeeeeep! 
Then down into the vault. The guard there asked if he was him.
“Maybe.”
“Your hot dogs suck.”
‘Call Me Franks.’
Bob knocked him out.
Into the vault itself, alarms going off, goonbots everywhere. Briefcase where they said, sitting on a pedestal in a beam of light. Scamdouche left out the part about the goddamn pressure switch when Bob picked it up. Cage trap came down, but he rolled away, then the spikes shot out of the floor. Grappling hook came in handy, at least. Shot off his wrist into a ceiling vent as the floor opened into a giant pit. 
Bob had swung from his arm, case in his other fist. Then the rope broke.
Fuuuuuck.
Now, Doomwire was there, smoking that cigar, Bob looking up the sides. Doom asked if he was him.
“Maybe.”
“Your women’s line of support undergarments suck.”
‘Call Me Spanks.’
At least he still had the briefcase. Only reason they weren’t shooting him or filling the pit up with acid or lava or goddamn tofu. Then again, maybe they didn’t know about his soy allergy.
Now another head up there, cowl collar on his long leather coat, pointy beard. Gink Trouble, owner and proprietor. A couple showgirls over each shoulder. The feathers on their headdresses tickled Gink’s cheeks and he spit them away. 
“C’mon now!” he snapped.
“Sorry, Ginky!” said the chicks.
Bob knelt down and popped the latches on the case. 
“Hey!” Gink shouted. “That’s patent pending! You sign an NDA? Hey!”
Bob stuck a penlight in his teeth and opened her up.
A belt? Looped in gray foam padding. Metal flexband thing, smooth red stone for the buckle. He unclicked it and looked up. A shoof of papers fluttered down.
“Sign page five and seven, initial on seven, eight and nine!”
Bob pulled a page off his head. A pen clattered into the dark somewhere.
He pulled out an instruction manual. 
“Dammit, Bob!”
Gink stomped a foot and snarled and stormed off. The featherheads looked at each other with a shrug and scurried after, high heels clacking.
Bob looked at the manual’s cover and flipped inside.

Have you ever wondered what life is like in a parallel universe? Well, you’re about to find out, [owner name] of the Escalante-Sanders C-series Aperture Pulse Emitter with Tritium-Iodine Metamorphosis Engine!

“I know that look!” Doomwire yelled. “Don’t you do it!”
Bob pulled the .44 Mags off his hips and swung ‘em on a shoulder. Swept the new belt around and clicked it shut.
“Bob!”
Dimensional Transit. ‘Transit’ was moving, he knew. ‘Escaping,’ more to the point.
He looked up, grinned around the penlight. Clicked it off.
“Stop fuckin’ around!” Doom yelled. “Gink! Hey! He’s screwin’ with the thing!”
Gink appeared again, followed by someone in a lab coat.
“Yeah, shouldn’t be a problem,” Lab Coat said. His nametag read ‘Cheesewyn. Science & Refreshments.’ 
“Seriously?” Gink asked.
“Sure. Scourge tanks are full of acid from the reactor purges. I can totally reroute it through the vents down there.”
“Cool.” Gink lit a cigarette. “We got any tofu?”
Bob looked up with a flounce of fantastic hair.
Dickbag!
He started tapping the buckle and squeezing the edges, looking for the on switch. 
Then the walls thonked! and liquid began to slosh just behind ‘em, like an old washer going.
The buckle beeped.
“Error,” it said. “Error, Error, Error –” 
But a portal opened anyway, right beneath Bob’s feet.
“Well, shit.”
CHAPTER THREE
Captain Ricovich Omnivarth Neublinson knew from getting lost. Left turns, right, it didn’t make a difference. If it could be found, he could damn sure not get there. From the stormy squalls of the South Seas to the slurpee slush of the Arctic Circle, there wasn’t a waterway on the planet he hadn’t sailed confidently into, certain in the knowledge that he had no idea how to get out. And by Triton’s taint, today was no different. 
“Today any different, Ron?” they’d ask, since he preferred acronyms.
“Nope!” he’d say and off he went.
He reached behind himself and grabbed a beer. There was no cooler there, no six-pack, no evidence of any refreshments whatsoever, but never let it be said Captain R.O.N. didn’t come prepared. He could find suds in a pigsty, sure as shootin’. 
Now, he put a flip-flopped foot on the bow of the comely Clarice and grinned into the wind. It whipped his hair extensions and flapped the Hawaiian shirt open over a red Speedo. The sun glinted off some horrible Vuarnets. He took a good, long drink.
Yeah, gettin’ lost was just good seamanship, you can bet your bilgewater. The sea knew where it was and if a man trusted it true, it’d deliver him God knows where. Other folks, sure, they got lost as shit. Thing was, they never saw it coming. That’s how they got lost. 
To Ron’s mind, finding a way to get lost was the only way to make sure you knew what to do when you did get lost. Which never happened to him, since he was always trying to get lost and how could he ever be lost when he always knew exactly where he wasn’t? Oh, no one could say ol’ Ron wasn’t right at home wherever he was. (Which they didn’t, since they couldn’t find him.)
The sea had an attitude today, though. It kept bouncing him onto his heading and being quite compass-friendly. If he wasn’t careful, he’d end up where he wanted to go before he was able to get there accidentally. He had a few tricks for it, though. Sudden Reversals, Driving With His Eyes Closed and Spin the Wheel and Go Below For a Nap, were all tried and true. 
He was about ready for any of ‘em when he sighted the little wooden shack bobbin’ on the horizon. He flipped up his sunglasses, one eye glaring bright, the other, the real one, bloodshot and sleepy. Dammit! He was almost there! Now, how would that look? And with him going for Sea Captain of the Year! 
Oh, the competition was fierce, make no mistake. Any patrons of Señor Swab’s Fishlicious Fandango who got ten punches on their Happy Harpooner card could take their shot. Stack their record up against any other man and winner take all. Ahh, but Ron had an edge! He knew the assistant manager and that meant two things! One, a free side of hush puppies with every meal! And two? Uh, two...ah, hell, who needed two?
“Fork ‘em over!” Ron had cried that morning, fists in the air. With the open shirt, bare feet and eyepatch concealing who knew what horrors, several customers glanced at the doors, expecting the health department SWAT division to burst in at any moment. 
Vince scowled behind the register and pointed a furious finger.
“I’ll n’er give ‘em t’ye, scurrilous Ron, ye scabby dog, ye!”
Ron pounded his fists on the counter.
“Dammit! Use your real voice!”
“Fine! Look, Barry is being a total dick about handouts lately. I can’t do it.”
“Ohhhh, when I’m Sea Captain of the Year buddy boy, I’ll call up a swell like ye’ve never seen! I’ll drown yer bones!”
“Ron!”
“I’ll shiver ya!”
“Ron!”
“Yool be timbered!”
“RON!”
“Sorry.”
“You can have ten punches, you can have twenty. But Poseidon himself hands out the award and he’s still pissed about that thing with the narwhals.”
“Why?! They look like unicorns!”
“You still can’t ride ‘em!”
“I looked majestic!”
“It doesn’t matter!”
Vince turned for a tray of food.
“Number 56!”
“Aye!” sneered Ron, and held up his receipt. 
Vince snatched it away and plucked the Harpooner card from Ron’s waistband. He punched out number nine and handed it back. 
“One more t’go, ye villain,” quoth he and went ‘arrgh!’ for good measure. 
Ron grinned and pointed to the Wall of Whalers. 
“I’ll have me picture up, damn ye! I’ll have me legacy!”
Vince pointed his own trembling finger.
“Yoor a curse upon Señor Swab an’ the entire Fishlicious franchise, Ron!”
“Devil!”
“Brigand!”
“Still wanna go paddleboating on Sunday?”
“Sure.”
Ron had taken his Sea Shanty Platter to his booth then and pondered his place in the universe. So he got ten punches on his Happy Harpooners card, so what? What did he really have to show for himself? What set him apart from any other snarling seadog or bowlegged bucko? 
Oh, sure, he’d had his share o’ trouble. Voodoo an’ hoodoo and all kinda weird shit. Ghost pirate battle...of the banjos, arm wrestling Captain Nemoooo….zuh housekeeper and escaping from Davy Jones’ locker. During a Monkees concert. He even had a drink named after him right in this very place, couldn’t complain about that. YooHoo and Sangria with a little horseradish for flavor. Remembered, sure. 
But revered? That was the thing.
What else could he do?
“What else, I ask you?!” he’d cried.
The woman at the next table shielded her kid and glared.
“Kill the Kraken!” the kid yelled and held up his placemat. 
There it was! Right there at the end of the maze, next to the jumble and below WELCOME TO SEÑOR SWAB’S – FOR CHRIST’S SAKE DON’T ORDER ‘THE RON’, it was...it was...the Kraken! 
“I’ll do it!” Ron shouted, holding up his strawberry-frosted halibut taquito in victory.
And only one person in the whole bold, blue ocean knew where to find that loathsome leviathan. She was in there now, in that seafaring shed drawing nearer ‘pon the waves. Big Trouble Shanty.
Ron brought her in fast, the ol’ Clarice and cranked the wheel. Slid to a stop alongside the floating walkway, built around the shack itself where it sat on its bundle of rusted red buoys.
Ting, ting! they cried as Ron tied off and jumped o’er the rail.
“Ahoy!” he bellowed.
“Entah!” came the call.
The batwing doors creaked open and there she was. Behind her table of candles and skulls, red curtains everywhere. The Goddess of Guédé, the Tyrant of Taíno, Ms. Magoolah Bashaddah!
“Hey there, honey,” said Ron.
The Goddess cocked an eyebrow under her jeweled headdress, rings glinting on her steepled fingers. 
“You come foah de Kraken!” she purred. “You come foah...immo-tall-ih-teh!”
Ron strode forward and slammed his fists on the table.
“Dammit! Use your real voice!”
“Oh, fine! Vince called already. Said you were being all mopey. Watch the salt.”
Ron looked down at the circle of salt on the floor. Symbols carved in the planks inside it, a few dead chickens bled out.
“Poor bastards!” He bent down and pointed a finger. “That’ll teach you to mouth off!”
“You’re in the middle of a convergence, Ron. That’s big trouble.”
“How big.”
“Bigger than narwhals. Bigger than filling the Marianas Trench with cantaloupe.”
“That was an accident!” 
“I’ve been having visions all day, which is always annoying. They’re showing me what’s already happening, I can’t do anything about it!”
Ron tugged his lapels, like some tuxedo guy being fancy.
“I get psychic myself, sometimes.”
“You do not.”
“Sure do. Wake up some mornings an’ see my whole day laid out in front o’ me.”
“Because you do the same thing all the time!”
“Not today!”
“Were you psychic today?” 
“Ehh, gotta confess, I was not. So? Whadda we do?”
“Nothing. I’m working on a spell to keep the trouble at bay, but I don’t know if it’ll work.”
“What kinda trouble?”
“Vast forces! The universe itself! Gods, demons, I don’t really know. I just assume the worst.”
“Well, if it’s the universe, we gotta let it in!”
“What? Why?”
“I need a legacy!”
“What happened to ‘The Ron?’”
“Oh, you know they cause insanity! C’mon! I need more! I need the Kraken!”
“This isn’t the Kraken,” said the Goddess and stood from her chair. Floated up, really. Arms spread as filmy veils drifted from her wrists. “This is...it’s as if –” 
And chewy green light filled her eyes as the ground tore open beneath Ron’s feet. He stared down into a swirling black portal and dropped out of sight. 
“Oh, shit.”
CHAPTER FOUR 
Elvis Aaron Presley knew from bein’ cool. It’s why they called him the King.
“What’s cool, King?” they’d ask.
“Me, baby,” he’d say and that was so.
Oh, he knew how to shimmy, give that lip a quiver, knew right when to drop the other leg with his arms dangling out...maaaaan, he knew it all. Knew the pink dinner jacket and wide, black pants and skinny black tie, oh, yes. The crowd callin’ for an encore? Yep. ‘C’mon back now, boy! Light it up!’ He knew that. Knew a whole lot, he did.
Knew about being a secret agent, if anyone could believe that. A real-life spy! With the karate chop and ghee-tar strum, it was either Russkies or the Vietnams or any ol’ mess o’ heedless hellions, so what. When Uncle Sam called, he answered.
‘Course he knew rock n’ roll, too, no doubt. He was the King, baby, no one said boo, but he was the Spyking too. More’n once it had indeed occurred what a shame no one could ever know. 
He’d played other people in films, yeah, and sung his songs and all kinda love come his way. But on a mission, out there for Mom and Apple Pie, he could end up dead in some freaky castle or underground bunker and who would know? Not a soul, man. Just them suits back in D.C. and prob’ly put in the paper he died in a plane crash or OD’ed on drugs or somethin’. Wouldn’t ever be no Grammy for savin’ the world, man. No awards for that.
He could hear the gals now, screamin’ in the audience as he said goodnight, then in the alley as he made for the stage door. With their notebooks out, ponytails bobbin’, all dewy-eyed and supple-thighed. Always made him smile, that kinda fuss. Didn’t fuss at him for years, not a lick. And man, did he struggle.
‘Course, he didn’t have a damn clue what he was about back then. He’d been searchin’ up a sound since he walked into Sun that day and pressed a record for his mama. Took some real doing and a lotta shows, a lotta ‘that ain’t for us’ and ‘try again, kid’ before he had it down. Down cold, too. That righteous beat, the real deep bass and ghee-tar twang and before he knew it, shoot. Couldn’t keep ‘em off with a stick.
“Hold on,” ‘ol Red said now and held up a hand as Elvis got near the exit. “Charlie and the boys’re out there clearin ‘a path. The Man’s waitin’.”
Red bumped open the door. The screams were a brick wall they had to push on with the crowd parting to either side.
“Oh, hell, Red!” Elvis cried. He grabbed a book and scribbled in, gave the girlie one o’ them grins. She clutched the pages to her chest and swooned into her friend.
“Sorry, King, that’s the deal!” Red shouted over the hoorah.
Elvis reached past Cliff waving the girls back and grabbed another book.
“Deal was, I get the week off!”
The limo was down the end of the parted girlie sea, Charlie at the door, ready to pop it open. Elvis passed another book back and squeezed a few hands and one poor chick, well, she went and fainted.
“Agent Presley,” said The Man as Elvis ducked in the back seat. Whump! went the door. Carstairs was his name, sittin’ across as usual, crewcut and hornrims, all business.
“Where’s my damn vacation!” Elvis banged a fist on the roof. “Let’s roll!”
Charlie stayed by the door out there, tryin’a calm the crush of cuties as they drove off. Carstairs handed Elvis a file.
“This is your assignment.”
The King flapped it open, reading by the swish of streetlights through the window. 
“I know this guy,” he said. “On the news. Got his own country or somethin’.”
“Well, his own state,” said Carstairs. “A disputed region whereby he’s managed to raise an army. If they should cross the border in the next six months, I don’t need to tell you the implications.”
“Sure thing, man. Big trouble. Big trouble deluxe.”
“That’s correct. Think you can handle it?”
“Shit, yes.” 
Elvis curled his lip and flicked a trembling hand toward Carstairs. The Man flinched.
“Be careful with that!” he cried.
Twelve hours later, the King did it again. The guard facing him began to tremble in kind, his legs shivering as he tried to knock knees in front of an imaginary microphone. The mansion’s corridor was littered with bodies, their own legs broke, shoulders still twitching as they breathed their last.
This boy here was no exception and he dropped his rifle, arms out to either side like birdie wings. They dipped a bit, the fingers tickling, knees doin’ a real number. His whole body shook, the music inside him turning his guts to gravy. Elvis shot his cuffs and snugged the knot of his tie, watching the corpse drop like a sack of coat hangers.
“Elvis has left the building...” he said, striding down the hall. “...full o’ damn bodies! Ha!”
He kicked open a set of tall double doors and let ‘em wham-bang against the wall inside. Dining room with a long, polished table, place settings out, but no one in them fancy-ass chairs. No one but a fool at the far end, wiping his mouth and clanging his fork down. Leaning his head around some candeladdas in the middle as guards swept from doors left and right, guns drawn.
Elvis knocked them ol’ knees then and gave a crouch, every manjack stoppin’ up short. The arm came up, index finger pointing straight on. He cocked an eyebrow, that lip, oh man did it curl! 
All them fellas just froze right there, yes sir. Rifles clatterin’ down, hands up to clutch their throats. They began to crackle. Frost on their pants and belts, then their shirts and their faces went tight with the eyes wide open. Icicles from their nose and chins, a frosty vapor rollin’ off their feet. Boom-pow! And they shattered to pieces right there, too cool to live.
“An’ now you, daddy,” said Elvis, and jumped on the table.
The fool at the end toppled his chair gettin’ up, hey, hey, he didn’t want no part! Well, too bad about that. The King squared his shoulders and planted a leg out front. He pointed into the sky and sang up a song – oh, man, what a number! His own song, a spur o’ the moment thing, but those always had the most power.

We-eellll, I been down to the cellar and up to the gates!
Been early, on time and I even been late!
I gone left and gone right and I went all around,
But I never been in trouble ‘til I been in this town!
I’m in trouble, baby!
I’m in trouble!
Oh, I’m in big, big, big, big, big, big trouble deluxe!
Oh, yeah! 
C’mon!
(ghee-tar)

Elvis strummed that ghee-tar, nothin’ but air and all kinds o’ sound. Shufflin’ down the table, kickin’ aside candles and glasses, plates smashin’ to the floor. The fool fell against the wall, tearing at his shirt collar for the sudden flush at his throat. His ears steamed, his eyes streamed. Even his hair smoked, he was on fire so much!
Then he just was, flames shooting under his arms and out of his shoes. He was engulfed and screaming, Elvis launching into the next verse so damn hard that ol’ boy went and blasted right apart!
The King kept it up though, it was that good o’ song. (Big Trouble! Big Trouble!) Hip swivel and big arcing strum on that phantom six-string and the air itself started to shimmer. He was on his own stage right there, shoes squeaking on the wood – Big Trouble Deluxe! – chandelier overhead throwing a circle straight down. Like his own spotlight and man, ain’t nothin’ wrong with that, son. 
And if the light went a little green, so what? If the table started on fire, that happened, man. A big green circle burnin’ all around while he sang, maaaaan, that was the gods themselves. Like they were sayin’ ‘Hail to the King, baby!’
And if that circle opened up under his feet sucking him into oblivion? Well, hell. 
That just meant –
“Well, shoot.”
CHAPTER FIVE 
EXT. - LOS ANGELES - DAY

The skyline shimmers behind a crowded freeway. Then the streets themselves, bustling with pedestrians, traffic bumper to bumper. 


Sirens sound.


An office window explodes in a storm of glass, SUPERCOP HAIRDO, 38, crashing through, magnificent hair flowing, supercop skills in full effect. Oh, he knows from leaping through windows. 


Knows his guns, too. Sig Sauer 9mm .357 Magnum Beretta with telescopic sight, laser targeting, silencer, fax machine and garlic press. It’s a custom job for a custom cop. That’s right folks, this is the LOS ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT we’re talking about and if your bullets aren’t hollow-pointed and rocket-propelled, go back to writing parking tickets because I’ll have your badge so fuckin’ fast it’ll make your head spin, you hear me? You’re a loose cannon goddammit and this is your new partner so if you wanna tell the mayor why you crashed a helicopter into a Boy Scout jamboree you have 24 hours to make your case or I’m gettin’ too old for this shit! You hear me? Hey! Hey! Don’t you walk away from me!


Door slams.


Shit, I forgot what I was talking about. Oh! 


So then Hairdo falls like, ten stories and lands on the roof of a car, crouched cool. And they don’t call him ‘Hairdo’ for nothing. Obviously, his tresses are a glorious, shoulder-length lion’s mane, the envy of all who behold them. It takes him six hours a day to style it, sure, but he owes it to the people of this city. They deserve to know their rights are being protected by someone who understands the difference between gel and pomade, anti-frizz and detangler. 


Hairdo jumps onto the sidewalk and takes off after PUNK #1 - vaguely ethnic, possibly black. Maybe a little Mexican and Chinese, too? Anyway, he’s fleeing with a purse in one hand and an AK-47 in the other.


HAIRDO
Police! Hey!


Punk #1 turns and blasts his AK up the sidewalk, trashcans exploding, parking meters bursting clouds of quarters into the air.


Hairdo returns fire, missing the perpetrator completely, which is fine because bullets stop traveling once they fail to kill something.


Punk #1 turns a corner, throwing shoulders into SCREAMING PEDESTRIANS left and right.


A car is parked at the curb, A SOUPED-UP MUSCLE CAR! It’s got flames and probably a huge tailpipe and ALL THESE BLEXINESE GUYS are leaning out the windows aiming their machine guns.


Hairdo comes around the corner as they open fire, sort of ducking but he’s not like a pussy or anything. He flinches mostly, as chunks of brick and glass fly around him. He catches a look at himself in a window and winks. Hey, gorgeous.


He shakes it off and takes aim as the muscle car peels away, Punk #1 giving him the finger from the back window.


Hairdo runs into traffic and fires at the car, plinging the trunk and taillights and smashing the back window. This leaves the bad guys unscathed. 


Damn you, narratively inconvenient bulletproofness!


Hairdo then turns with his badge out, leaning here and there to signal passing cars. They honk and continue on. Haven’t these people ever seen the movies? YOU HAVE TO STOP, DAMMIT!


Finally, a car screeches its brakes an inch from Hairdo’s knees and he rips the driver from behind the wheel. Slams the gas and roars off, all perfectly legal.


I think some music might be nice, here. I’m gonna say whatever’s popular on the radio when this comes out, because hey, someone might go, no, I’m not an action movie guy, but I’ll see it if it has that song I like and what’s six bucks and a large popcorn to hear one song? Sure, it might be on in the car on the way to the theater and then I’ll feel stupid – BUT WHAT IF IT’S NOT?!


INT. - GETAWAY CAR

The punks are all hooting and hollering, pumping their fists and reloading their guns. Punk #1 opens his snatched purse and pulls out a fistful of cash. What a haul!


PUNK #1
Ten, no, eleven bucks!


PUNK #2
Yeah, let’s go to Bennigan’s!


PUNK #3
Absolutely, as soon as we kill this cop!


PUNK #4
Anyone wanna split some cheese fries?


Suddenly, they all cry out, glass shattering over them as they’re thrown to the side.


INT. - HAIRDO’S CAR

Hairdo grips the wheel, grinning out the passenger window as he prepares to sideswipe them again.


HAIRDO 
Ha-HA!


EXT. - STREET

As they drive on, both cars fire at each other, bullets smashing windows and mirrors to little effect. It really does pay to flinch when you’re being shot at.


INT. - GETAWAY CAR

Punk #2 swerves the wheel as Punk #3 fires an Uzi across his lap and out the driver’s side.


PUNK #2
Kill this fool!


PUNK #3
What?!


PUNK #2
I SAID KILL THIS - 


PUNK #3
I can’t hear you!


INT. - HAIRDO’S CAR

Hairdo ducks ferociously, more glass - perhaps from extra windows – flying over him. 


He hauls the wheel and slams into the getaway car once more.


EXT. - STREET

The getaway car sleeps through a physics class and rams the back of a parked car, which easily becomes a ramp. The punks’ car soars upward, corkscrewing into the air!


INT. - GETAWAY CAR

The punks all cry out, for some reason wearing their seatbelts, which keeps them firmly in place.


EXT. - STREET

The car crashes down, flattening the roof, then tumbles end over end TOWARD A GAS TRUCK BACKING OUT OF AN ALLEY! Big Trouble Fuel Co. painted on the side. So really, they’re just asking for it.


KA-BOOM!


The explosion fills an entire intersection, traffic swerving just in time, fleeing pedestrians holding their shopping bags and briefcases over their heads for safety. 


EXT. - INTERSECTION

Hairdo’s car screeches to a stop as flames roar into the air.


He stands heroically out of the car with one leg still inside, arm cocked over the open door. 


He gives a little ‘Fuck you, crime!’ smile and turns his head for a bunch of police cruisers pulling up, sirens going. The chances that ONE OR ALL OF THE PATROLMEN know Hairdo – despite being on different shifts, having different jobs and probably working in different precincts – is exactly 100 percent.


ONE OF THE PATROLMAN steps from his car, in no rush to offer assistance to any pedestrians, take witness statements, help put out with the fire or drag possible survivors from its boiling cauldron of certain death.


PATROLMAN #1
Not again, Hairdo!


HAIRDO
What can I say? 
(boyish smirk)
They drove me to it.


Patrolmen all groan and exchange money, each having a bet on the cheesiness of his one-liner.


Hairdo waves the rest of the cops down as they ask for autographs, turning slowly, giving his hair time to catch the breeze. 


He grins and waves at a stocky man stomping toward him in white shirtsleeves and clip-on tie. This is INSPECTOR CHIEF C.L. SERGEANT. (That’s ‘Captain Lieutenant’ to you and me)


The Inspector is maybe a week from retirement, possibly suffering from high blood pressure and likely has a wife who complains he’s never home. Regardless, he will take any amount of abuse heaped upon him by his subordinates while constantly screaming for their badges, and for whatever reason, either the mayor or the D.A. has either just called or is about to call him with news that they would like his ass or at least a large piece of it.


INSPECTOR
This is the last straw, Hairdo! I just got off the phone with the goddamn mayor!


Ah. Well, there we go, then.


HAIRDO
Look -


INSPECTOR
No, you look! Why aren’t you on the dead hooker mob witness drug bust political corruption serial killer case?


HAIRDO
I got bored!


INSPECTOR
Well, you get back on it, you hear me?! This department is breaking in a new partner loose cannon own your ass destruction of property badge on my desk!


HAIRDO
You forgot to suspend me.


The patrolmen murmur and exchange more money.


INSPECTOR
Don’t push it, mister! 


Hairdo flings a hand over his shoulder as he enters the crowd of worshipful patrolmen.


HAIRDO
My public awaits.


INSPECTOR
I’m serious, Hairdo!


HAIRDO
And it’s giving you wrinkles. Calm down, Chief. Now, then -


Hairdo holds his palms up for the circle of eager fanboy cops, all wanting a story, a joke, some hair care tips.


HAIRDO 
(to cops)
Did I ever tell you about the time I leapt dramatically from an explosion?


PATROLMEN ALL
Oooooh!


INSPECTOR
Big trouble, hotshot! You keep it up, it’s gonna be biiiiiiig fuckin’ trouble!


HAIRDO
(turns smirkily)
Yeah? Well, you know what I always say...


Hairdo looks down then as a circle of green light erupts at his feet, shining off the fanatical eyes of his devoted cult.


HAIRDO 
Well, fuck this.
CHAPTER SIX
Archie Macardy knew from Antarctica. He knew from burning research camps and walls of flame dying in the darkness. He knew from gusts of smoke and icy, sleet-spitting wind. He also knew from sitting on a pile of wreckage, wrapped in a blanket with a bottle of scotch. And you can bet your torn underwear he knew from staring at the only other survivor and trying to see which one of them was going to blast apart into some kind of disgusting space monster.
“You, Mac!” said the guy. 
“Go to hell!” Mac shouted. He pulled the blanket tighter around his shoulders. His beard was frosted, his cheeks were blue. 
“Well, it’s not me,” said the guy.
“Me either.”
Eyes across from him narrowed in a bald, black head.
“Gonna be one of us.”
“You look way more evil than me, pal.”
“Racist.”
“Oh, don’t be such a child.”
“You callin’ me a child?”
“That’s right. Child! No, wait. Childs. Children?”
“Oh, shut up!” came the cry and that bald head burst in a mass of tentacles. 
Mac flung off the blanket and ran, breath huffing as he crunched through the snow. Behind him, the tentacles twirled and twined, wet, braided shapes becoming a dozen taloned legs and a host of barking dog heads. Scientist faces groaned from pustulating slits while eyes like soap bubbles popped to life across its dragonshark hide.
“I-hate-my-job-I-hate-my-job-I-hate-my-job...”
A mournful howl of anguish followed him, through a smashed doorway of the burning station and down what was left of a hall. The creature undulated in his wake like some great, sperm whale centipede, thrashing through the blasted building and flinging up boards and girders.
Mac drank as he went, weaving in and out of doors, jumping over broken walls and – Hey! There’s my hat! – landing with a chuff! in the snow outside. He flopped the hat on his head and tugged the chin string. He felt better already.
“Heeeere Thingy-Thing-Thing! Here Thingy-Thingy!”
The monster crashed forth in renewed pursuit, chasing him out into the darkness beyond the camp, out into the ice and wind. 
When Mac finally stopped, hand on his thigh to catch his breath, he felt it out there, watching. He held the scotch up as the monster growled. Just enough left.
Then he danced a circle around and around, pouring it out. The Thingy hated fire and Mac could just lie in the center and see what happened. Maybe the Thingy took him over, maybe he just froze to death, but that’d be that. The creature began to slither toward him as he dug for a lighter. 
“Here we go, heeeeere we go...”
A blazing circle whooshed up as the beast reared away in surprise. Dog heads snapped in anger. Mac wiggled the empty bottle – Big Trouble Distillery’s 12 Year Old Single Malt – and dropped it in the snow. The Thingy crouched beyond the flames and narrowed its many, many eyes.
Mac laid down and stared at the sky. He’d miss his beard, most of all. He didn’t have much in the way of friends or family, but he’d always had his beard. Ever since he was nine and though he kept it trimmed, he often wept in the mirror as the hairs were clanged off the scissors into the sink. It was charming, thoughtful, knew five languages and could comb itself. It was also bulletproof and had a lovely singing voice.
“I love you, Sanchez!” Mac cried, which is what he’d named it. 
“I love you, too, Mac!” said Sanchez, because Mac’s very love for his beard had brought it to life one day.
“We had some good times,” said Mac.
“Remember Pittsburgh?” asked the beard.
“Ahhh, Pittsburgh,” said Mac, and sat up suddenly. 
The flames were dying and had taken on a greenish color. The creature was growling out there, preparing to jump in.
“This might be it, Sanchez!”
“Point me at him, Mac! I’ll hold him off as long as I can!”
Mac stood and jutted his chin. Sanchez knew a few Viking battle cries (as all good beards did) and roared a good one as the Thingy leapt toward them. The flames brushed its stomach, the demonic scientist faces yowling in pain. Mac’s eyes grew wide. 
Suddenly the air tore open beneath him and he stood for a moment above a swirling black portal. 
“Holy shit!”
Then the creature was upon him in a flash of blinding white. Mac hit the ground as voices shouted over the monster’s barks and howls.
“Who the hell are you?” came a cry and Mac scrubbed the strobes from his eyes. Another him was standing over himself! No beard (poor bastard) but plenty of five o’clock shadow and a filthy pullover.
Jack stared at the guy in army pants and leather jacket – hey, cool hat! – then around at the cultists outside the huge circle. All jabbing their wavy daggers at something like a dolphin crossed with a tarantula and stuffed with scientists. Jack took a step back, the green light still trying to suck his boots to the floor. Not as bad as it had been, though. In fact, the whole thing seemed to be dying down. 
“Jimmy, you wanna tell me what the hell is –”
Then another pancake of green light zipped open and a guy dropped out in a black sleeveless shirt and gray camouflage pants. He batted off a sizzling, crackling metal belt and stomped it to pieces. Had a suppressed MAC-10 and whoa, an eyepatch. Wow, was he putting on six guns? Man, he looked cool! And looked just like his own self, but no way was that him. This guy wasn’t a ‘Jack’, so much as a ‘Lance’ or a ‘Raven’. 
Actually, his name was Bob. How did he know that? And the other guy, with the beard. That was Mac.
“Holy shit, it’s the Kraken!” said his voice, and Jack turned, now a third him, standing there as another circle of green light collapsed to nothing. Rob? No, Ron! Open Hawaiian shirt, red Speedo and flip-flops. Shades propped on a mat of crusty, sun-blonde hair extensions.
“Hiya, boss!” he cried.
“Hiya,” said Jack.
A hand came from behind and clapped Ron’s shoulder.
“Surfing instructor, weed dealer or freelance carnie?”
Ron turned his head with a happy grin.
“I do a little o’ everything!”
Jack saw the hand belonged to a fourth him, in white henley and black jeans, holding a ridiculous gun.
“Supercop Hairdo!” he said.
“Burt Jackson!” said Hairdo. “Whoa. How’d I know that?”
“Same way I do,” came a slow drawl and they all turned. Jack saw himself dressed like Elvis, in a slick black pompadour and pink suit jacket. Pink? Hell, if anyone could pull that off, it was the King. A circle of green light was disappearing beneath the man’s shiny-ass shoes. “Dunno where I am, but I know y’all an’ I gotta say, yer a handsome bunch.”
There came a yelp and a snarl then as the tentacled creature tried lunging at the crowd beyond the circle. It couldn’t quite seem to leave though, not yet. Its serpent necks darted in, then recoiled as though jerked by some invisible leash.
“Okay, Jack! Enough is enough!” Jimmy cried and hopped a bit above the crowd.
“This ain’t me!” Jack shouted. 
“Well, that ain’t Chunky!” said Jimmy. 
Jack lifted a boot and stomped down. The light was almost gone.
“The spell’s ending, Jack!” said Jimmy and pointed to the inner circle. The monster-thing seemed to realize this too and readied itself to officially crash the party out there.
Jack waved his doppelgangers behind him and crouched low for whatever came next. His eyebrows went up, his mouth in an expectant ‘o’ as he counted the seconds. Somehow, he knew the others were doing the same.
Then the Thingy went slurp! and dove into itself.
“My God, no!” Jack cried. “Please! What is that, don’t tell me...”
The monster became a snarl of wet snakes and glistening meat, like a squid fighting a jellyfish over who got the half-exploded fat guy. 
“Never seen anything like that, boss!” cried Ron. “Not in all my born days, I ain’t!”
The crowd backed away as the last of the green light faded from the circle, a few of them wiggling their wavy knives in what they probably thought was a ferocious fashion. All but one, who yelped as he was wrapped in a squish of tentacles.
“Oh, shit!” cried Jack, the figure pulled in head-first and consumed in an instant. 
Then the slick, bloody snarl of meat expanded, growing legs and arms and a hooded robe. Jack’s other hims ducked as gobs of blood and fat sprayed. Jack tore off his spattered baja and wiped his face. The Thingy was a man now, standing at the edge of the circle!
“Wait, is that Hank?” someone cried.
Jimmy ran toward the guy.
“Hank! Stop!”
But Hank was diving into the crowd to become just another bobbing black shape, throwing up its arms and crying out at the chaos.
CHAPTER SEVEN 

“C’mon guys!” Jack cried to the other hims. “Ha-HA!” 
He grabbed Bob’s MAC-10 and fired into the air.
“The fuck –?” Bob sneered.
Bits of ceiling rained down, everyone holding up an arm to keep from being knocked out.
“Sorry!” Jack said and passed the gun back. “Jimmy! Where is he?!”
The cult was crashing up the stairs, a black-clad clusterfuck, a hooded hootenanny, a wide-sleeved susurration with Jimmy surfing an earthquake, dagger weaving over his head.
“Jack! Jesus, Jack he’s got the book!”
“The what?” Jack shouted. 
He ran out of the circle and leapt into the madness, caught in a rough, woolen crush of patchouli and fear. His other selves grunted and snarled in pursuit, throwing curses and elbows against the worst of it.
“The book, Jack! The goddamn Necro-nom-nom-i-con!”
“Nomma-what?” yelled Mac, his cheek mashed against a shoulder.
“Ig eefs peegul!” cried Jack and took someone’s fingers out of his mouth. “Gah! We gotta get it!”
Then a panicked, Debbie-Gibson-sighted-at-the-mall stampede out of the freezer upstairs, pots and pans clashing, dishes smashing, knives and ladles clattering underfoot. Ted the soulsack hopped on a counter to let it pass, waving to Jack and the others as they went by.
“Ted!” Jack cried. “You see a guy haulin’ ass with an ungodly tome of untold power?”
“Blig na flobner!” Ted yelled and pointed to a door. “Rung bloosha Hank!”
“Oh, he ain’t Hank no more, pal!”
Jack whammed the exit open and stumbled a few steps into the parking lot. Bob aimed his gun to one side, Mac stabbed his beard around on the other. Elvis and Hairdo spread out with Ron.
“There!” said Jack and pointed ahead. A lone, robed figure was trying door handles on a line of cars parked outside the megamart next door. He finally opened a little blue hatchback and slid inside.
“The hell’s he doing?” asked Hairdo.
“Gettin’ away, man!” said Elvis.
“Well, we’re gonna need some dynamite and a flamethrower!” said Mac, somehow in a different voice without moving his lips.
“How’d you do that?” asked Ron.
“C’mon!” said Jack and led them down the line of rigs angled along the back of the diner.
“Now just hold on!” said Hairdo, “What the hell is – hey!” He was jostled by a few stray cultists shoving past. He flipped them off. “Use your manners, jerkoff! This is still America!”
Jack hauled the Porker’s door open.
“Look, pal, I just work here, okay? Only thing I know is, getting that book.”
“Sounds like a plan, boss,” said Ron.
“See? Ron likes the plan.”
Hairdo put his palms up.
“Oh, ‘Ron’ says! Well!”
“I do say.”
“I heard you.”
“Good.”
“Good!”
Everybody piled in then, Mac, Elvis and Hairdo in back, Ron and Bob squished in front beside Jack. Ron glanced at Bob. Pointed at his eyepatch.
“That the Buccaneer’s Buddy?”
“Apocalypto Deluxe.”
“Nice.”
Ron fished in a shirt pocket and swung his own back on.
“I’m a Rakish Rascal man, myself.”
“Everybody ready?” asked Jack.
Hand on the wheel, he cranked the key, 6.9 on the Richter scale, baby. They swung out of the slot, the rig rumbling in place as Jack scanned around. Most of the cultists stood by the gas pumps, gesturing frantically with their daggers. Others were getting into their cars or trucks and calling it a day. 
“There he is,” said Bob, and jabbed his gun out the passenger window. The hatchback was zipping through the megamart lot, headed for the exit. 
“And here we go,” said Jack, and hit the gas.
Jimmy jumped above the crowd out there as they flew by. 
“Jack! Jack, you sonuvabitch! Get back here!”
They bounced onto the highway then and grumbled up a few gears. Jack hit the horn as they swerved around cars, the hatchback weaving toward a ramp by the overpass. Everyone shoulder to shoulder, they all cast awkward glances from the corner of their eyes. It was weird enough looking like each other, much less being so close together.
Jack plucked at his tank top.
“It getting hot in here?” he asked.“Or is it just me?”
“Little warm, boss,” said Ron. He got his thumbs in the waist of his Speedo. “Thought I might go al freskie, actually –”
“No. You didn’t.”
“No?”
“No.” 
“Look, he know where he’s goin’?” asked Mac, sticking his head between Jack and Ron.
“Sure as hell looks like it,” he said, again not moving his lips.
“How the hell you doin’ that, son?” Elvis asked.
“I think it’s his beard,” said Ron. He reached behind himself and popped a beer.
“And that!” said Elvis.
“His name is Sanchez,” said Mac. “And we’ve faced this thing before, so make sure it doesn’t get outta sight. It can look like anybody.”
“Like a duplicate deal,” said Ron. “‘Clones’, according to the scientific literature.”
“Yeah,” said Sanchez. “It takes over your body, then looks and acts just like you.”
“Whoop! There he goes!” shouted Hairdo, pointing ahead. Bob scowled for the finger near his face.
“Watch it!”
The hatchback zoomed onto the exit ramp. Jack dragged on the horn for a sports car blocking the way and screeched around in pursuit. 
“Where the hell is this guy goin’?” 
Hank’s was the only car out there now, the road curving on toward some distant mountains.
“Yeah, I don’t get it,” said Sanchez. “He should be headed toward people.”
“Hell,” said Mac, “he shoulda stuck around back there and taken over the diner.”
The hatchback turned at an intersection, nearly clipping a car coming the other way. Jack cranked the wheel to follow, looking out at open fields to either side. Yeah, this didn’t make sense.
“Anything else out here?” asked Ron.
“This n’ that,” said Jack. “Unless...”
“What.”
“Hell, he’s got the book, maybe he’s lookin’ for somewhere to use it.”
“Why?” asked Hairdo. “It’s a book. They open, they close. Words in between.”
“Yeah, but he finds himself a center of power, he can draw magic into himself.”
“That’s bad news,” said Elvis. “They got anything like that around here?”
“All kinds,” said Jack. “In fact, they –”
And he saw it. Hank swung onto another turnoff, headed for a cluster of signs in the distance. Jack knew ‘em even that far away. They were always the same. Declaring an entrance to something Stupendous! Colossal! Terrifying! Maybe just one of those, prob’ly all three. From the World’s Largest Toilet Seat Cover to the Smallest Grilled Cheese Sandwich (so small it was actually invisible), the signs didn’t change. 
What’d be this time? Giant Wristwatch? Folding Chair Graveyard? Some kind of bug-eyed Bigfoot shooting poison arrows?
Nope.
“Whoa, lookit that!” said Ron.
Huge as could be and terrible to behold! Claws! Fangs! Bulging, furious eyes! An army of dinosaurs, frozen over the landscape in fifty-foot ferocity. The sun shone on their plaster backs, paint jobs bleached from jungle green and forest brown to shades of lime and beige. 
They bounced into the lot and Jack killed the engine. The hatchback was up a few rows, the Thingy still inside. Jack could see it in there, twitching around like it was arguing with itself.
“What’s it doing?” asked Bob.
Jack had no idea, but he could feel it plenty. Magic sparked off that car like...well, like sparks. Which probably meant...
Hank’s shape seemed to bulge suddenly.
“Ah, shit.”
“What, boss.”
“Anyone see the book with him?”
Hank bulged and squirmed some more. The car’s roof crunked, the chassis swayed. A window burst outward.
“How you mean there, boss?”
“The actual book. At the diner. Jimmy said he had it, but he didn’t have anything in his hands running to that car.”
“In his pants?” asked Sanchez.
“It’s a big book,” said Jack. 
“We sure he had it?”
“Oh, he has it,” said Jack. “But it ain’t in his pants.”
Lightning crackled along the car’s frame. Hank began to thrash.
“Then what the hell’s it in?” asked Hairdo.
“Him,” said Jack.
“Him what. The Thingy? In as in ‘in’? In-in? He ate it?”
“Ate Hank, ate the book.”
“So what the hell does that mean?!”
Hank thrashed some more. Flames filled the windows.
The car exploded.
CHAPTER EIGHT
The Necro-nom-nom-i-con knew from magic. First written by the mad fisherman Ahab Red Snapper twelve hundred years ago, it began as a cookbook but gradually grew to include gardening tips, homemade floor polish formulas and instructions on how to banish demons of the netherworld from your holiday-themed block party. 
It’s really no surprise the thing got so weird, given how Ahab lived in the suburbs of the Arabian desert and there was so little to do. After all, it was twelve hundred years ago. Camel racing was in its infancy and it would be almost six whole months before Law & Order premiered on TV.
Therefore, it was decided that slitting the neighbors’ throats and using the blood to jot down odds and ends would lend his book a certain mysterious infamy. Creamed scorpion à la king was fine on its own, but what if there was a spell on the next page (page of human skin of course – what are mailmen for?) that also allowed the chef to call forth Spatulaticus, god of kitchen utensils or perhaps T’flon, non-stick deity of cookware?
Shit, why stop there? It’s a short walk from casseroles to genocide – if we’re being honest – and Ahab’s get-togethers were famous for attracting psychopathic doomsayers convinced of the green bean’s eventual role in the downfall of mankind. Add a few shoestring onions representing the tenuous grasp anyone has on their own sanity and you got yourself one helluva party.
The rest, of course, is well-known. How the book became the centerpiece of a worldwide movement to turn everyone into the filling of a giant Monte Cristo sandwich fed to Chunkthulu, Elder God of the Fattest Star. Not the ‘farthest’, no, though other stars moved away from him plenty, mostly when he ate ribs.
The book knew this as it knew so many things. Sure, Ahab kept it bound in iron and curses and only opened it long enough to shove in some virgins and jot a crisp new page, but did he think it ended there? The power wasn’t in the pages, the pages were the power. The combined elements of lunacy and hatred, blood and fear that had formed the book gave it life! No wonder it ended up devouring Ahab and his disciples! No wonder it was the worst Thanksgiving ever!
After that, the Necro-nom-nom-i-con (somehow, it preferred to be called ‘Brad’) had simply bided his time. Owner to owner, cult to cult, decade to century. He was paged through and chanted from – even added to – but none of it held his interest. A few unholy conflagrations, a bit of slaughter, sure, one had to stay sharp. But nothing really showed promise until he had looked out upon the cosmos and seen Big Trouble Incorporated. 
Those fools had begun shuffling probabilities the moment they realized Jimmy would conjure Chunkthulu. And to combat it, BTI had overplayed their hand. Bringing in the one called Jack and his variously Speedoed and eyepatched iterations. Or had BTI seen the Thingy’s interference all along? Brad certainly had. With so much loose magic in the air, so many players scrambling around the board, one could hardly miss it. But no matter. His plan was in place.
The instant Chunkthulu had tried coming through Jimmy’s portal, Brad had struck. The Thingy had leapt through at the same time, knocking that cholesterol-clogged cretin completely off his kilter. Ha! Let him wait another 50 years for the planets to line up. Moron.
It had then just been a matter of Brad calling out to some poor cultist, (Hank, was it?) getting him to pick Brad up, then telling him to stand before the Thingy. It ate Hank, Hank held Brad in his hands, bing, bam, boom, Armageddon. Brad was now all three of them. A magical book inside Hank’s human shell with the transformative power of an alien being. 
But that was no plan, hell, that was just to get the ball rolling. The finishing touch would be taking on Jack and his mulleted mob of maladjusted misanthropes. Little did they know how powerful they truly were! Little did they suspect the connection to their Source, one of the most glorious wellsprings of power in all the multiverse!
All Brad needed now was to prepare himself. Draw in a little more magic, gather a little strength. Then the ritual! Then the undoing of All Creation! (Well, not ‘undoing’ that would be stupid. More like really, really fucking with. And then putting it back together in its own vile image!) 
Mwah ha ha haaa! 
Cough, cough. Ahem. (Ha.)
And where better to find a nexus of power? Local roadside attractions and entertainment venues, of course! Dinosaurs were a good place to start, who didn’t like dinosaurs? A traveling freakshow would’ve been cooler, maybe the World’s Largest Bristle Block, but he’d take what he could get.
Their power came from the land itself, infused with the wonder of its visitors. Tourists, passersby, they all added to the legacy of such places. Making them fonts of wonder and mystery more powerful than TV, backrubs and empty checkout lanes all put together.
Already, Brad could feel it tugging at him as he drove into the lot. He sat in the car, gripping the wheel and feeling his eyes tremble in their sockets. He looked at Hank’s human hands, the skin starting to bubble. He sneered in the rearview mirror, too many teeth sneering back, fangs already jutting over his lower lip.
Oh, yes. This was the perfect place. 
He watched Hank’s hand split down the middle, his own scaled, clawed fist clenching beneath. He could feel the Thingy’s diabolical process of cellular bizarreification giving him shape. His covers burst within Hank’s belly and spilled out page after page into the churning chaos of zygotic syzzygy. Muscles bulged, more pages curling into the trunks of arms and legs. The car creaked on its springs, the dashboard crunching as he grew larger and larger. 
Brad felt his spine lengthening, thickening to a stack of segmented discs. The jaws of a ribcage closed upon a wet, red mass of flesh in his stomach. He bulged against the roof of the car, windows smashing outward. The driver’s door gronked on its hinges and began to buckle. 
The demon roared in a crackle of lightning, sizzling through the dash and down into the frame. The entire car exploded in an orange clap and he flew into the air, laughing, shouting, trailing flames from his taloned toes!
He was six, seven, now eight feet tall. Four-armed and furious, wrapped in parchment pages, the words of ages scrolling like ticker tape across them. His head was the Necro-nom-nom-i-con itself, laid flat, the covers open in a hideous, shark-toothed mouth. A bookmark tongue flicked, cat-slit eyes blinking on short stalks.
“HAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!”
And he turned to hover in the air, looking down at those hapless heroes, dashing across the parking lot to their inevitable doom. The one called Jack stopped and looked up, lip curling. The others squared their shoulders, eyepatches zeroing in, red Speedos pivoting, beards bristling, pink suit jackets all bearing down for battle.
Pink? Of course, if anyone could pull that off...
Then the monster turned toward the center of the park, toward its heart, where an enormous concrete volcano spewed steam into the air. Spellcraft flowed from his fingertips, ancient words and incantations dripping like blood. As he dropped into the volcano’s cone, its plaster sides darkened, hardening to actual rock full of splits and fissures. 
A wobble of air drifted from its base and began to flow over the park. The darkest magic, oozing through plaster hides to seep around metal bones. The wind picked up, clouds raced overhead. 
The Pillars of Heaven shook, ever so slightly.
CHAPTER NINE
Jack ran along a curving concrete path toward the volcano. Tourists strolled by, dragging their kids, shouting at friends. They ignored Jack and the others trailing behind, both how alike and how different they all were, not to mention how half of them were seriously armed. Hairdo with his supergun, Bob and all his hardware and Jack with a Tec-9 from under the Porker’s front seat. 
It was a kind of thing Jack put out there, given his line of work. A man dealt with magic as much as he did, it tended to rub off. Usually only worked on civilians and was far from perfect, but mojo was mojo. He wanted folks to listen to him, they listened. They had information he wanted, he got it. And now, he wanted them looking the other way, they did.
“The hell are we doin’, man?” gasped Hairdo, coming up beside. He ran a brush through his flowing locks. “I start to sweat here, my gel’s gonna come loose.”
“I tolja, we’re hittin’ the volcano,” said Jack. “Stop that thing from...whatever it’s up to.”
“Brad,” said Ron, appearing beside Hairdo.
“What?”
“Feels like that’s his name. Or ‘Spud’. But prob’ly Brad.”
“Brad it is,” said Jack. “We’re here to stop Brad. Get that done, we all go home.”
Hairdo stopped and waved his hands.
“Whoa, whoa, says who.”
Jack scuffed to a stop and turned around.
“Says me.”
Hairdo laughed, a disdainful, macho dismissal, which is hard to pull off when you’re spritzing yourself with a travel-size Aqua Net.
“Izzat so.”
Jack sighed. Okay, time to rouse the troops.
“Yeah, that’s so.” He put his hands on hips and cocked an eyebrow. “Now, you all just listen to ol’ Jack on a bright and sunny afternoon.”
“Little cloudy, boss.”
“Whatever. A slightly cloudy afternoon. When you’re blastin’ your way toward the horizon at a hundred and ten, passin’ pie stands an’ fruit stands an’ the world’s biggest corn cob castle, some phantom hitchhiker drops in your passenger seat, looks you crooked in the eye and says he can see the future. Well, you just look that goofy bastard right back in the eye and remember what ol’ Jack says at a time like that: ‘Wanna see the future, Jack?’ ‘Yes, sir, we have magic dinosaurs.’”
Bob cocked an eyebrow.
“The fuck’s that gotta do with –”
“Now, I’m not sayin’ that I been everywhere and I done everything, but I do know if you’re some guy hockin’ pencils or a rock star on his way to oblivion, it’s a pretty amazing road we drive on and you gotta be some kinda fool to think that wheel you’re holdin’ ain’t about to spin your fortune in this universe.”
Mac murmured ‘What fucking wheel?’ and Sanchez said no idea, man.
Ron reached behind himself and popped a beer.
“Hear, hear, sir!”
“What, that’s it?” snapped Hairdo, spritz, spritz.
Jack scowled.
“Hey! That’s a hell of a speech, right there!”
“Doesn’t happen to have a plan in it anywhere, does it?”
“Plan, schman. We go in, stop whatever he’s doing, save the girl –”
“What girl?!”
“Shit, that’s right. Usually there’s a girl. Okay, forget that.”
“Look,” said Bob, and racked the slide on the MAC-10. “I’ll go in, take care o’ business and give the all-clear.”
“’Scuse me?” said Hairdo. “Who died and made you President?”
“President o’ what.”
An argument broke out then, Hairdo said the United States of Shut the Hell Up, Ron said ‘New Government, I call Treasurer!’ Sanchez declared himself King, Elvis took offense and Jack clapped them all quiet.
“Okay, okay, look...hey, look! Now, Brad needs this place. Okay? Places like this. They’re huge concentrations of magical…y’know –”
“Magic,” said Sanchez.
“Exactly. Who the hell knows what his plan is. Or our plan or any plan. But that book has its own soul, that’s who we’re fighting.”
“A living book,” said Hairdo.
“Book, alien, fuckin’ Hank, it’s all one big thing.”
“You have no idea, do you.”
“What’s to know? He’s this, he’s that, spirit medium powers, prob’ly. Atomized bones, leather bucket seats. Who the hell cares? For all I know he’s become a dream.”
Hairdo leaned in.
“Are you crazy? Is that your problem?”
“One, don’t steal my lines. Two, all we need to know is, it eats people, eats magic, eats whatever. Now it’s got control of the Thingy and made its own body. And that means trouble.” 
“What kinda trouble,” said Mac.
“Big trouble. It’s chock full of evil and without some cult chantin’ around, it needs power. Places like this can charge it up, it can cast whatever spells it wants. Hell, it’s already started to turn this place on its ear. Look around!”
They were at a waist-high railing of a towering tyrannosaurus rex. A plaque said the speaker box would emit a roar, followed by a brief lesson on the creature’s habits.
Elvis pushed the button.
“Rar?” said the box. “Also? You’re doomed. Turn back now.”
“See?” said Jack. “These things all got magic in ‘em.”
“Magic dinosaurs,” said Elvis.
“All roadside stuff. And I’ve learned a few tricks. Might even be able to throw Brad off his game, but you all need to understand shit’s about to get weird.”
“About to.” said Hairdo. “Well, thank God. And here I thought it was gonna be truck stop warlocks and hairclone flunkies all day!”
“Flunkie?!” Jack cried. “You want me to, I’ll Fingercomb in Frustration right now!”
“Bring it on!”
“Everyone just calm down!” said Sanchez. “Or I will pull a Furious Lumberjack and end this!” 
“Listen to him,” said Mac, and took off his hat. He jabbed a finger at his mountain of lush locks. “Between that and my Kristofferson Meets Travolta? Puh-leeze! You guys got no chance.”
“That a fact,” sneered Bob. “I got a Defiant Hairflip that says different.”
Suddenly, Elvis prepared a Pompadour Death Strike and Ron threatened to whip out a Dreadlock Shabazz (with Eyepatch Accompaniment). 
“Okay, okay, we’re all a little edgy!” said Jack. “Let’s just put the combs away, holster the hairspray...I’m looking at you –” 
Hairdo sighed and tucked the canister away.
“And let’s all get on with saving the world. Agreed?”
It was agreed.
They ran the rest of the way to the volcano, an honest to God caldera of black rock rising into the sky. The top was a rim of smooth teeth, smoke chugging from within. They could feel heat from the entrance and the ground shook as they approached. Fiberglass cavemen crouched outside, tending a plastic fire. 
Elvis pushed the button on their speaker box.
“Oog?” said the speaker. “Also? Duck.”
“Duck?” And Elvis ducked as the caveman came to life and swung a now actual-flaming-log from the fire.
Bob brapped with his rifle, throwing the man flat on his back. The one next to him rose up then, slashing a flint knife. Hairdo strode over with the supergun THOOM! THOOM! and blew his brains out. He shot his arms up in a cheer.
“Ha-HA! Did you see that? It was like dynamiting a cantaloupe!”
“Did you say dynamite?”
“No one has dynamite, Mac!” Jack shouted.
“Well, we’re gonna need some, boss,” said Ron, and looked into the park.
It had begun to stir, those towering monuments to man’s mastery of crude carpentry and slipshod sculpture trembling in place. Plaster skins cracked to reveal shining scales, painted cataracts fell from wet, bloodshot eyes. Heaving, rippling monsters craned their necks into the air, roaring themselves awake.
Tourists screamed and fled. As Jack watched, a brontosaurus tore at a treetop, munching away, while a triceratops charged at some cars in the parking lot. The tyrannosaurus busied itself peering at the ground, finally twisting around to find Jack and the others more than a little interesting. Jack cocked an eyebrow.
“Welp! Time to go!”
They fled inside the volcano as the beast charged toward them, following as far as its snout would permit before getting stuck.
“Nnrf?” snorted the monster and gushed a blast of snotty water in their wake. Jack stood with his back to the wall, watching it wriggle in place, then pull free with a clatter of loose stones. Its feet clawed the ground outside in uncertain fashion, then off it went as a stegosaurus clambered by.
“You hear that?” asked Elvis.
“Sounded like ‘nnrf’,” said Ron.
“The other thing!”
Jack looked up the tunnel toward a soothing orange glow. He could hear it too, a droning chant of forbidden words breaded with terror and deep-fried in evil.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

“C’mon,” he said and led them onward. 
The heat picked up, steam gushing around their feet. The ground rumbled, some of it from the Jurassic jamboree outside, but there was something in here, too. The walls trembled, raining dust and pebbles.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

Jack went over what he had on him. The Tec-9 dealt silver bullets, blessed and spelled and able to shoot up just about anything this side of the Devil himself. He had a few wooden nickels, since most of the admission boxes on your average roadside attraction didn’t take ‘em. Hell, who did. It shut down whatever rampaging statue happened to be crashing around, at least for a while. He wasn’t seeing any type boxes around though. 
A postcard? He had one for sunny Miami and another for the Wisconsin Dells. Thrown at the right angle, with the right words, one might turn ol’ Brad into a golfing retiree or bring a log flume crashing through the walls. 
Or maybe...
Yeah, maybe it was even simpler. 
“Awright guys, here’s the plan...”
“About time!” said Hairdo, spritz, spritz.
“I told you to put that away!” Jack snarled, waving away the cloud.
“Y’want some?”
“Yeah, okay...”
CHAPTER TEN
“Place fuckin’ sucks,” said Bob.
“Yep,” said Jack. “I definitely seen better.” 
“Don’t look real,” said Elvis, glancing up. “See them flakes up there? Plaster’s wearin’ off.”
“Let’s go already,” sighed Hairdo. “I wanna see the World’s Largest Pop-Tart before it gets dark.”
They stood at the end of the tunnel, looking into the cavern of the volcano’s center. Brad floated partway up, eyes closed. Feet together, arms outstretched as spokes of ragged yellow light fired from the walls. They crackled into his chest, wobbling like threads in a plasma ball. The floor beneath him was bare and cracked, but Jack could see the orange lava glowing beneath. The demon continued to chant.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

“Maybe it’s closed today,” said Ron.
“Could be,” said Mac. “Lotta these places just don’t make money anymore.”
Brad’s grinning bookface snarled at them, eyes flashing open on the ends of their stalks. 

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh...HEY!

“IT WON’T WORK!” he boomed, with a voice like every old book in a very dark library slamming shut at once.
Jack ignored him.
“Y’know what it prob’ly is,” he said. “They’re under repairs.”
“Tryin’a make it better,” said Elvis. “I bet that’s it.”
Brad grunted and seemed to drop an inch or two. One of the ribbons of light swam into his face, then back down. 

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob AHR! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob AHR! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob AHR!

“They might even just tear the damn thing down,” said Jack.
“Put up a mall, y’think?” asked Sanchez.
“Bet they do a Sharper Image,” said Ron. “Hell, y’know what I saw there once?”
“What.”
“Frollerskates.”
“Huh.”
“With an ‘F’. Now, anything spelled that cool’s gotta be better than this damn thing. They call this a volcano?”
“More like volcanto!” said Hairdo, and held out a palm. “C’mon! High five!”
Against his better judgment, Jack obliged him, which seemed to seal the deal. Like that, the slippery yellow ribbon rose once more, shining off Brad’s fangs before flickering out.
“NO!” the monster cried.

EAR-GOO NAGEH FOOB AHR! EAR-GOO NAGEH FOOB AHR! 

Another crackle began to lose its grip then and Jack looked at his companions. 
“Know what we should do?” he asked.
“Watch TV?” asked Sanchez.
“NO!” Brad howled.
“We could. Maybe do a little gardening?”
“NOOO!”
“Or! Go get a bunch of scratch-offs!”
“NOOOOO!”
“Now yer talkin’!” said Hairdo. “I bet we win like, a million bucks!”
Jack snapped his fingers.
“We could invest it in a frozen yogurt stand!”
“A whole chain!” cried Sanchez.
“Ha ha! We could line the highway from here to New Jersey!”
“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
Another ribbon flickered and snapped off, leaving Brad hung cockeyed among the other three. These began to slip and he roared, raising his fists to the sky. The crackles glowed brighter, the monster’s eyes flashing in kind, then they all popped out, one, two, three.
The demon hovered, breathing heavily.
“You’ve hardly won,” it said.
“Yeah, well, you’re still a few Shriners short of a parade there, pal,” said Jack.
“Other sites await. Three might have done it, now I will simply take four. And then it will be you without the Shriners of...no, the parade that...oh, fuck off! Death by lava!”
“Look out, guys!” Jack cried and backed everyone behind him with a sweep of his arms. Lava burst from the floor in a wriggling geyser as Brad rose the heatwave up, up, up out of the cone!
“He’s left the building!” Elvis shouted.
“Not yet!” said Jack. 
They stumbled away as the fountain of liquid rock fell with a splash. In seconds it filled the cavern, surging toward the tunnel entrance. 
“Go! Go!”
A wall of smoke shoved their backs as they ran, the walls around them glowing hot orange. Jack turned at a sudden tremor, the lava surging in a curling, ash-crusted wave! 
“I got this!” shouted the King and karatified a few quick chops and dropped low in a crouch.
“Got what?!” Jack cried.
“I just need a cape.”
“A what?!”
“That’s okay. Won’t be as cool, but it’ll get done.”
And he started low, fist to his chin holding an invisible microphone.
“Oohhhh, I’m in a big fat volcaaaaaaaano...”
Everyone suddenly felt the need to harmonize and crooned in kind: “Big, fat, volcaaaaaanooooo...”
Jack fought it off and grabbed the King by his collar. 
“We haven’t got time for a song!”
“Man, there’s always time for a song!”
The wave closed in, splashing up the sides of the tunnel in a surging river.
“Oh, for chrissakes!” Hairdo said and raised his pistol. “I’ll just shoot the goddamn thing!”
THOOM! THOOM!
“There? See?”
Bob sighed and lit a cigarette.
“Still comin’.”
Hairdo frowned.
“Well, that ain’t right...” 
“Will you move it?!” Jack cried.
And they ran from the splashing, thrashing torrent, dodging puzzle piece rocks from the ceiling and flinching at gusts of steam from the walls. The whole place shivered in double, triple vision as it vibrated to pieces. 
“Jump!” cried Jack.
A moment ahead of the explosion they flung themselves through the exit, lava spraying in all directions. The side of the volcano was smeared orange, another gush spewing from the top of the cone. Everyone stumbled to the ground and scooted crab-like from the puddles spreading around them. Hairdo stood and checked for split ends.
“Go!” Jack shouted and waved them down the path. Tourists screamed past, horns honked in the parking lot. Fenders crunched at the exits.
Bob whipped out a notebook and jotted as he ran. Elvis peeked over his shoulder. 
“’March 20th, escaped from lava,’” he read. “’About to escape from dinosaurs. Should be cool.’”
Bob snapped the book shut and glared.
“There!” Mac cried, skidding to a stop. He pointed through the smoke and embers to Brad hovering a few feet over the parking lot. Pages flew around him, bloody words tumbling through the air.
“Ha-HA!” Jack cried. “I knew we knocked him for a loop!”
“We’ll never reach him!” said Hairdo.
“Let’s catch a ride then,” Ron said and clapped his hands at a nearby triceratops. It dropped its head with a low moo and sniffed. Ron mooed in kind and pointed to everyone else. A tyrannosaur stomped past with a more than casual glance.
“Can we get a move on?” cried Sanchez. “Certain parties are taking an interest!”
“It’s a complicated language!” Ron shouted.
Brad resumed his earlier pose, arms stretched, feet together. A crackle of energy skittered around him, threads wriggling in and collecting at his chest.
“Okay, Tammy says we’re good!” Ron shouted.
The triceratops was a good ten feet high and at least thirty long. It dropped to its knees and pointed its horns toward the ground.
“Tammy?” said Jack.
“Or Spud, I’m still partial to Spud,” said Ron, and waved everyone aboard. Tammy thudded toward the parking lot.
“Ah, shit,” said the King.
They all turned and saw the T-Rex charging quick, jaws gaping on long strings of drool.
“Where the clutch on this thing?!” Hairdo cried. “We need another gear!”
Ron knelt down and spoke to Tammy. She mooed in response and picked up the pace. 
Brad laughed as a ragged circle began to form around him. A portal full of vast desert, a black stretch of highway straight through.
“Hurry up!” Jack cried.
The portal widened, showing a long, low building, mountains behind it. They could see a sign shining in the hot sun with wide, staring eyes and a big red nose. Jack sneered.
“Oh, it’d have to be that fuckin’ place...”
Then Tammy was skidding to a stop at the threshold, everyone spilling over her horns and tumbling through the doorway. Ahead of them, Brad was collapsing to a pinpoint of light. He streaked toward the building, smashing against a window with a flashbulb pop. A moment later Jack crashed into a windshield among cries and shouts from the rest as they bonged off hoods and roofs. 
Jack sat up with a cough and shielded his eyes at the portal, growling in circles, smaller and smaller. Tammy stared back, gave a goodbye moo, and was gone in a burst of scattered light.
“Man, I lost my goddamn shades!” Ron said, standing on the roof of a Tercel. “No, wait, there they are.”
The others sat up with a thunk of dented metal or slid to the parking lot itself. Hairdo leaned into a side mirror and checked his hair.
“Oh, thank God,” he breathed and put a few strands back in place. “I felt some serious static going through that thing, I thought I’d be looking at a fuckin’ koosh ball.”
Elvis hopped off the hood of a station wagon.
“Yeah, man, dee-mensional crossover generates some real wicked dos.”
Hairdo pulled out a lipstick-looking container.
“Well, I got a spritz here that works wonders.”
The King reached into his jacket.
“I do my own pomade. Pro-pry-atree, man.”
“Lemme see.”
Hairdo uncapped the jar for a sniff as Elvis primped his pompadour.
“You can shoot this baby point blank and it won’t lose shape,” said the King.
“No kidding.”
“Maaaan, I got hit by a grenade launcher once.”
“Wow.”
“Ain’t even kiddin’.”
“Guys?” said Jack and they looked over.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” said Hairdo, his gaze traveling up behind Jack.
The King gave a low whistle.
“That is a doozy, cousin. No question.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN
It was a giant clown and it had come to kill them. That is to say, it had come to life. That is to say, a giant wooden cutout in the shape of a clown on a unicycle had come to kill them. A clown with the depth and weight of an actual person, in purple vest and red pants with floppy blue shoes. It was the squeak, squeak, squeak of its unicycle that had alerted Jack to its twenty-foot presence. That and the part where it grabbed the CLOWN MOTEL sign at the edge of the lot with its puffy white gloves. Tore it up in a crackling fizz of wires and cocked it back, like an axe ready to swing.
The sign pole was striped pink and blue, the actual sign a big, happy white square with the clown’s own smiling face staring out. It really took Jack an effort to fear for his life staring up at the whole thing. So he just stood there with a stupid look on his face, wondering if it was gonna do any more cool tricks.
“Boss!” Ron shouted and Jack came to.
“Sorry! Where were we!”
“Clown!”
“Right!” Jack pulled the knife from his boot and raised it over his shoulder. “Okay, here’s the plan!”
Silence.
“And?!” cried Hairdo.
“Put a cork in it! I’m thinkin’!”
“Hey, you had your little one-act play for the volcano, how ‘bout it?”
“Won’t work twice! This’ll take somethin’ else.”
“Look, you only work here, then where’s the employee manual? Find the page marked A Bunch of Weird Fucking Shit Is Going On and get us a win!”
Where? thought Jack. No admission box, so no wooden nickels. Postcard? Only if they wanted a thirty-foot septuagenarian in black socks and sandals swinging a golf club instead of a sign. Anyone bring a rocket launcher? The time that Bob’s Big Boy tore through Kansas City he’d just blown it up with a rocket launcher. Was this a solar eclipse thing? It was not. After Christ of the Ozarks fought Christ of the Deep over the World’s Largest Can of Schlitz, well, that had been a solar eclipse thing. All Jack had to do was give a nice, long speech until the moon was back in position. 
“What does that mean, huh?” he’d said. “‘Messiahs love beer?’ I don’t even know what the hell that means. All I know is...”
There was no such win, here. There was nothin’! There was just…well, what the hell was there? That goddamn thing was just glaring down at them all, twitching on its cycle, squeak, squeak, while it tried to swing that sign. Except it never did.
“What’s he waitin’ for?” asked Mac.
“Shit,” said Jack. “I don’t think he can do it.” 
“He can’t!” cried Hairdo. “Lookit ‘im! He swings that thing, he’s gonna end up flat on his ass.” He cupped his hands toward the clown. “Sound about right there, babe?”
The clown seemed to agree, squeak, squeak, and made faces trying to work out the logistics.
“Fuck it, then,” said Jack. “We gotta find Brad, anyway. He gets another load of mojo from this joint, who knows what’s next.”
“So we shoot this guy?” asked Bob, snarling around a cigarette as he racked the MAC-10. 
“Knock yourself out,” said Jack and headed toward the motel. 
It was a long, two-story white building with blue trim. Older looking place than he remembered. Worn down. Motel on one half, Clown Motel Giftshop on the other. Clowns in the window there, little dolls in clown suits with red noses. Aw, man. 
Jack really hoped they wouldn’t –
CRASH!
Well, shit.
Glass clattered and spun over the pavement as the giftshop toys all leapt to the ground. A whole goddamn army, hundreds, maybe thousands of ‘em.
“Uh, guys?” said Jack, sticking his boot on the bumper of a Honda Civic. He shoved his knife away and drew the Tec-9 from the small of his back.
“Holy adorable Jesus!” Hairdo cried, coming up behind. He popped a few shots from the supergun, blasting several of the squishy scoundrels straight back to hell.
“That’s not gonna do it!” Mac shouted and bent down to yank the knife back out of Jack’s boot.
“Hey!”
Mac crawled under the Civic.
“Enough is enough!”
“The hell’s he doin’?” said Elvis, and yah-yah! flung a few karate punches in the air, bursting some of the terrible toys into sizzling puffs of singed stuffing.
“Let’s allllll back up a bit,” said Jack and took a few steps away.
“Hold on!” said Mac, and slid out from under the car. “Everyone on the roof!”
Jack could smell gas and watched a puddle seeping around the car’s tires.
“Uh...”
“On the roof, dammit!”
The tiny clown army was almost upon them. They waved little knives and hatchets, or twanged garrotes, or loaded small pistols. 
“Ow!” Jack shouted, as something like a BB smacked his thigh. 
“I said move it!” cried Mac. 
Jack got on the hood, Ron holding out a hand to help. Mac and Hairdo and the others were already crowded around up there.
“The hell we doin’?” Bob asked. He looked down at the army, now forming a circle around the Civic, scowling from under their pointy clown hats. They jabbed white-gloved fingers at them all, in solemn declaration of what promised to be a cuddly, yet bloodsoaked slaughter.
“Look,” said Mac. “I can’t get my flamethrowers an’ dynamite, I’m gettin’ the next best thing.”
He plucked the cigarette from Bob’s lips.
“Hey!”
Mac dropped it beside the car, a host of wide, painted eyes and red-lipped mouths staring up as it fell. 
“Oh, shit,” said Jack and jumped to the next car as the flames wooshed up, everyone thunking and thonking and stomping dents in roof after roof to make their escape. Bob jotted in his book as he ran.
“March 20th?” shouted Elvis.
“Yep.”
“Escaped from volcano?”
“Yep.”
“About to escape from clown army?”
“Yep.”
“Should be cool?”
“Should be.”
And they all cried out as the Civic went up behind them, a whoof of superblasted air throwing them headlong onto the last few cars down the aisle.
“Ow!”
“Shit!”
“My hair!”
Jack rolled off a hood and dodged some debris, listening to the tiny shrieks of the blazing toys. 
Squeak, squeak. 
He smirked and put his hands on his hips, rather pleased with the outcome. 
Squeak, squeak. 
He looked at the others brushing themselves off and looking past him.
Squeak, squeak.
“Ha ha, you hear that?” Jack laughed. “Huh?! That! Is the sound of victory!” He pointed at the squealing, shrieking army, caught within the coiled conflagration. “That is the...uh, the…okay, what the hell are you all starin’ at?”  
Bob lit a cigarette and pointed. Jack turned at the giant clown still snarling down from its unicycle, twitching its hips for balance. The sign hovered over its shoulder, gripped tight.
“By Neptune’s thorax, that boy’s gonna swing!” cried Ron.
“No way,” said Jack.
Hairdo dug in a pocket.
“Five bucks.”
“You’re on.”
Then the sign swung down and everyone ran, cars crushed with a squawk of horns and choked-off alarms. Windows burst, trunk lids flew, and everyone lay on the pavement with their arms over their heads, wondering where the goddamn explosion was.
Jack sat up, watching the clown urk! forward on his wheel, arms flailing, painted grin sneering around a curse of regret as it overbalanced. The Pillars of Heaven themselves never made such a racket. With the junkyard crash of a carpet roll on a pile of sheet metal, the clown whammed down on the flattened cars, splashing up a lake of gasoline from the ruptured tanks.
Elvis stood and told them all to gather ‘round, make it quick! as a shower of sparks sputtered from a broken taillight. Flames fooshed, the clown howled and there came a billowing blast that seemed to take out the whole damn world.
CHAPTER TWELVE
The explosion knew from being an explosion. It knew thorny flames and blistering blazes, the shriek of hot wind and scrape of blown debris. It looked upon itself as the apotheosis of its kind, the apex-epitome and prime example bar none. Grenades, dynamite, gerbils in the microwave, these were but puttering matchheads compared to the sphincter clenching freakshow of nuclear ferocity that was this particular blast. Crashing airplanes? Sure, they exploded. But how often did they drop next to someone hard enough to rip the soul from their chassis? Not often. 
Hiroshima? Sure, it vaporized half a million people. Probably real loud, too. But that lasted what, a few seconds? Come on. You wanna really explode, explode like the dickens, you stuck around for a few minutes, at least. Maybe turned yourself into a flailing firestorm and really got down to business.
Or tried to. Until some asshole just wouldn’t take the hint!
Like this guy, kinda looks like Elvis, probably thinks he’s sooooooooo cool. He’s not cool! Explosions are cool! When they’re not being super fucking shit that hurts hot, of course. No, this guy wasn’t cool. His friends weren’t cool. Them all huddled up while the ‘King’ (King of what? Not explosions!) does this thing with his hands and there’s some kind of kung fu deal, maybe it’s magic, but it makes a forcefield and the explosion is just pissed at this point.
It took out that stupid clown, no problem. Bubbling grease paint and blazing fright wig, loosing a horrible howl of bygone ages. In seconds it was a snarling skeleton in flaming black rags and who’s laughing now? But this guy? This, this musician! He won’t give it up already!
So the explosion redoubled its conflagrated concatenation of collision and confusion, cacophony and chaos, but oh, the King held on. He muttered the lyrics to ‘Hot House Hotel’ and pushed back the burning wind and constant crash of crushed cars and charred clown.

Well, since that old clown burned up
We found a new place to dwell
It’s in a flaming parking lot called
Hot House Hotel
Where it-it, it gets so smoky, baby
It gets so smoky
It gets so smoky, I could fry...

The others crooned in the background, making ghee-tar twangs and swaying with the beat. Outside, the world thrashed against the forcefield dome of the King’s karate, flaming tires bouncing off with a sizzle of static, blazing floormats and scorched hubcaps rushing past. 
“How much longer!” Jack cried. He was sick of everyone snapping their fingers and two-stepping, doo-wop, wop. They did have a really nice sound, though.
“It’s dyin’ down, man,” said Elvis, and shoved his palms out a bit more, a blackened clown femur crashing against the dome like an engine block on a garage door. Everyone flinched, then sighed at a patch of blue sky, growing larger as the last of the flames poured past.
The parking lot was mostly crater now, smoldering at the edges. Elvis dropped his hands and the forcefield vanished with an ‘oooh yeah’ of sound, followed by a whiny pop like an old radio going off. 
Jack coughed and waved smoke.
“Well, that sucked,” said Hairdo. He held out a hand. 
Jack sighed and smacked a finski in it.
The motel loomed beside ‘em, the sun shining down. Every window unbroken, every eave and moulding in place. Not a smudge of smoke putter or flames anywhere. No, that fire had been for them alone.
“We’re not outta this yet,” said Jack.
“Damn right,” said Hairdo, and racked his supergun. “We need to get inside and search this place!”
“Yeah, he’s in there somewhere,” said Jack.
“Who,” said Hairdo. “I was thinking we’d scare up some volumizer.”
Jack narrowed his eyes.
“Oh, I heard about you, man. I heard you were a Section Eight.”
Hairdo held out a sensual strand of tawny tresses.
“One, don’t steal my lines. And two, look at these cuticles! I’m sure there’s damage to the cortex and my God if that penetrates to the medulla?! We’re talking a serious breakdown of essential amino acids!”
“Can that happen?” asked Mac, primping Sanchez.
“Eh, I could probably use a deep conditioning,” said the beard.
“Salon break!” shouted Hairdo.
“No one’s takin’ any breaks!” said Jack.
Elvis squinted with a practiced eye and gave Jack’s hair a flick.
“Dunno, man, you’re lookin’ a little dry.”
“Shit, really?” 
Ron held up his hands.
“Okay, we got real trouble when I’m the voice of reason.”
“A quick rinse isn’t gonna hurt...”
“Boss!”
“Yeah, okay, okay.” Jack sighed. “Let’s go fight evil.”
He headed toward the hotel and caught the lobby door. It was worn and rusty, the glass cracked. He yanked out his gun and turned to the others. 
“Everybody’s mind and spirit as one?”
“Mine are kinda goin’ north and south,” said Elvis.
“Too late!”
Jack whiffed the door open, staring at an empty, yet clown-festooned lobby. Not a one of them appeared to be alive. Desk at the end with a clown doll on it, clown shelves to either side, all grinning out. Porcelain, plastic, wooden, what have you. Every kind of clown. Big one sitting on a couch, six-foot tall, gloved hands in its red satin lap. Clown paintings every which way, thick, tacky oils of white clown heads on black canvas. 
Everyone crept through, weapons, beards and hair each pointed at the next possible threat. Jack looked at the carpet, worn through. Peeling wallpaper, water-stained ceiling. He’d never seen the place lookin’ so rough. He glanced at the dolls. 
“Bob, those things even twitch, spray ‘em.”
Bob lit a cigarette with a smirk.
“The hell’s this fruitcake at?” asked Hairdo. “They got a conference room, maybe?”
“Nah, he took everyone when he showed up,” said Jack.
“Left ‘em alone at the last place,” said Mac.
“Tourists were too spread out. Had himself a captive audience here.”
“For what?”
“Cherry on the sundae, pal. Certain places hold magic for sure, but they ain’t worth a damn compared to the human soul.”
“So just go around takin’ them, then,” said Elvis.
“’Cause Brad needs worship an’ roadside joints are like churches without all the God. Some guy on the street is just a guy. In here, he’s one of the faithful.”
“So where the hell are they?” asked Ron, popping a beer. “Rooms, maybe?”
Jack sighed.
“Yeah, I guess. Let’s knock on doors. No one answers, kick ‘em down.”
He stepped outside, smoke from the crater blowing past. Concrete stairs off to the side, straight up to the second floor balconies. Room doors were all painted cheerful-like, red and yellow, purple and green. He waved Elvis, Hairdo and Mac along the first floor, jerking his head for Ron and Bob to follow him up. 
“The hell we do if they’re waitin’ inside?” asked Ron.
“We want them to be inside.”
“Oh, right.”
Jack came off the top step, halfway down the row of rooms. The door in front of him was glossy orange, with a cardboard clown nailed underneath the peephole.
“Anyone home?” he called and pounded his fist. Ron moved past to the next one, Bob striding over to the one beside that.
WHAM!
Jack threw a shoulder, wood cracking off the jamb. Then another, stumbling inside and falling flat on the bed. He bounced back up, making it look natural with a hop on his feet for balance. 
“Bed works,” he said and pushed back his hair. 
He heard the other two doors wham, wham, wham and Ron called out ‘Ha!’ on a loud snap of wood. The occupant here was gone, but their suitcase lay open on the musty, balloon pattern comforter. Some slacks, a few shirts laid out. Jack snapped on the light. 
Dusty clown doll on the dresser holding an ashtray in his lap. Faded clown pictures on the wall, same as the lobby. Thick, gaudy oils on black canvas. Rest of the place was pink and blue walls, all peeling, striped lampshade dry and cracked, worn blue carpeting. Jack still couldn’t figure that. Whole place was beat up, but he’d come by here a few times. They kept it nice.
He stopped at one of the paintings. A clown pouted back, mouth drawn down within the painted grin, eyes wide and mournful.
Jack cocked an eyebrow.
“So what’s the deal, pal?”
The clown grinned a mouthful of fangs.
“Ah, shit.”
The door slammed shut.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
They leapt out of the frames to full size, pasted with oily ridges like dried frosting. Jack backed away, blasting with the Tec-9. Like pushing pebbles into a birthday cake, dammit.
Then they were pulling out meat cleavers and capering toward him. Mad, mouthy smiles and wide, marble eyes. Heads cocked, their floppy shoes slap, slap, slapped on the carpet, leaving bright, glossy blobs of paint in their wake. Green and yellow striped suit with a blue cap and bells, red and purple suit with a green bowler, pink and white with a black top hat.
Closer and closer they came, Jack bumping up against the door. He sneered.
“Okay, hold it right there,” he said and stuffed the gun away. He hiked up his jeans, hands on his hips. “Now, I don’t know what the problem is, but I do know we’re not gonna solve it with a lot of hackin’ people apart with cleavers!”
The clowns stopped, glancing at each other.
“Now, where I come from (and that’s California, if you’re interested) we settle things like men. Okay? Mano a mano it’s called and it’s how things get done. That means arm wrestling, double elimination, best two out of three rounds. Competition rules say you need a referee, you guys wait here, I’ll go grab a friend o’ mine.”
Jack turned and jiggled the loose, locked knob as the clowns howled and leapt toward him. He ducked under the triple thunk of cleaver blades chunking wood – shit! – and scrambled over one bed, then the other. Then he was slapping smack into one of those pricks going the other way, like being wrapped in a wet blanket. The other two grabbed him from behind, painted gloves squishing his biceps. Jack thrashed as all three hauled him overhead.
“Hey! I said mano a mano! This is trio a clowno!”
They threw him against the wall then – or would have, if he hadn’t hit a picture frame. That is, the empty black space inside, where one of them had jumped out. It caught him like an open fridge door, a blast of cold air, then a whump! as it shut behind. Jack cried out falling through the void, twisting around to see a single white square rushing toward him. It took on details as he got closer. A lamp, a bed, figures struggling past it.
“What the –”
 And he was whumping back out again, surrounded by lights and noise and a motel room. And a bed, WHAM! bouncing once and flying with a crash into the TV on the dresser.
“Ow.”
He landed facedown in a tangle of Magnavox guts and blown tubing. Swiped glass off his jeans as he stood and dusted his hands.
“It’s all in the re – Ron!”
Three clowns menaced Ron at the twin sink outside the bathroom, despite his constant onslaught of full, frosty beer cans.
“Boss!” Ron cried.
“Yeah, enough o’ this nonsense,” Jack muttered and moved toward the moth-eaten curtains. He tore the cord down and wrapped it over his fists, stalking toward those grease-painted grimaldis to swipe the line around a throat.
It passed through like cream cheese, the clown’s head toppling off with a warm dough splat! on the carpet. The body sagged in place, the other two turning from Ron to exclaim wide-eyed horror at their friend. Palms out, mouths open in a shocked ‘o’. Ron took his cue and clattered a wire hanger from the rod next to him. He wrenched it into an oblong diamond and swooped it over one of the heads. With a jerk, the wire passed through, the third clown catching the head in his gloved hands.
Jack slung his garrote around this one and gave a yank, stepping back to let that demonic dome moosh softly at his feet like a large, warm scoop of very vanilla ice cream. The eyes started up as they sank into the skull, the nose emitting a woeful hooooonk before bubbling into the depths. The three bodies quickly dissolved, Jack and Ron splashing through a marbled miasma of oozing oils on their way to the door.
“Still locked!” Jack said and pounded a fist.
“How’d you get in, boss?”
“Paintings. C’mon.” Jack jumped on the bed and readied himself with a tire drill pump of legs. “Follow right behind me, we should come out at the same place.”
“You sure?”
“Nope! Here we go.” 
And he leapt toward the black canvas, kicking wildly through the dark toward another white square below. He hadn’t been thinking specifically of Ron the first time, he’d just thought the damn clowns were gonna throw him through the wall. Ron was in the next room over, so the man popped in his mind.
Truth was, those wackadoos prob’ly thought he’d float forever through this black abyss. Impossible, of course, when a black abyss was all that awaited any man who drank an entire bottle of Wild Turkey and challenged the World’s Largest Garden Gnome to a fistfight.  
Now, Jack thought about Bob and before he knew it, was whumping into another room, landing with an ‘Oof!’ on the Big Top-themed bedspread and flying toward the TV. He caught himself well enough this time, banging the set into the wall and holding himself up on the edge of the battered dresser.
“I was watchin’ that,” said Bob, pursing his lips on a cigarette, the cherry glowing hot.
Jack looked down at a sea of sticky paint on the carpet, already forming a skin as it dried. A real wire garrote lay coiled beside Bob, crusted with white. 
“Incoming!” Ron yelled and boinged off the bed. Jack barely caught him, both slamming the dresser and knocking the set to the floor.
“Hey!” Bob snapped.
Family Ties continued from Jack’s feet, a burst of audience laughter at Alex P. Keaton giving way to the pop of a tube and the smell of ozone.
Bob sighed and slapped his thighs getting up.
“Well, there goes my fuckin’ evening.”
“Back to our regularly scheduled programming,” said Jack and hopped on the other bed. He jiggled his legs and glared at an empty black canvas over the headboard. “Follow the leader, now.”
In turn, they found Elvis, Hairdo and Mac, all trapped with their own clowns. Elvis had handled his just fine and they found him singing the last few notes of ‘Got My Bozo Workin’’ and wiping paint off his jacket. Hairdo had blown his clown heads clean off with the supergun. He’d been in the mirror too, fretting over his hair. Luckily, some chick had been staying there and he had her essentials spread out on the bathroom counter, complete with a full set of Salon Selectives and a Caboodle of combs. 
Mac had been grappling with his last attacker when they arrived, having figured out the head chopping angle, but using a piece of broken TV screen handlewrapped with a washcloth. They all backed off to watch the action, Bob turning on the TV and flipping to the last five minutes of Family Ties.
Then Jack was jumping on the bed, kicking away some stray clothes and jogging his legs in place.
“That help?” asked Hairdo.
“Don’t hurt,” said Jack and leapt through. 
A minute later they were picking themselves off the floor of the lobby. Jack moved to the door and pushed out into the parking lot.
“Where to?” asked Elvis.
Jack shrugged.
“Let’s try around back.”
More rooms there, cars slanted into their spaces in front. There was a tour bus parked at the edge of the parking lot, doors open. Jack swung inside and called out, not a soul. Everyone else spread out, looking in cars, knocking on doors. They all agreed they weren’t going inside any more rooms.
“Well, they went somewhere,” said Jack, leaning against the front of the bus. Nothing but desert past the lot, running straight to the mountains. The sun shone, the clouds moved, but that was that.
“We missed somethin’ boss,” said Ron.
Jack nodded. They had. He snapped his fingers.
“I’ll be damned!”
He knew just what it was, too.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Jack led them back toward the lobby.
“So? Whadda we got,” he asked.
“Clowns,” said Mac.
“Clowns,” said Jack. “Clown Motel full of goddamn clowns. Big ass clown on a bike, a million little shits from the giftshop, whole rooms full o’ painted ones with meat cleavers.”
“So?” said Sanchez.
“They’re all that’s left.” Jack stopped and pointed at the motel. “This joint ain’t that old. Paint’s peeled off, windows cracked, man, all the mojo’s gone.”
“‘Cept he left the clowns for us,” said Ron. 
“Why,” said Elvis.
“Kill us if they can,” said Jack. “If not, keep us from leavin’.”
“We been in and out, boss,” said Ron. “We’re out now.”
“Leavin’ to go after him.”
“What, this place has a back door?” said Hairdo.
Jack took them around the corner toward the front.
“Sorta,”
“Sorta what?”
“It’s on the wall somewhere. In the lobby. Only reason those clowns on the shelf sit tight is so we don’t get in some big throwdown and bust the place up.”
“Knock it off the wall,” said Sanchez. “His picture.”
“Break it, stomp on it, keep Brad from gettin’ back out.”
“So let’s do that,” said Hairdo. “I’ll shoot the thing myself.”
“Can’t,” said Jack, stopping at the lobby door. “Maybe we trap him inside, maybe not. If not, he breaks out from wherever he is, takes his own back door and ends up who knows where. We gotta nail him while we can.”
He stepped inside the lobby and pointed around. 
“Make sure no one took it down and set it somewhere.”
Jack went to the front desk and looked under it. Opened the drawers, threw everything on top. Hairdo pulled a clown shelf away from the wall, Ron kicked up a corner of the area rug. Mac, Elvis and Bob moved the other shelves and scooted the couch away.
Nothing.
Jack sat at the desk with a sigh. It wasn’t on the walls, wasn’t behind anything, wasn’t covered up with something. Then what? It had to be here!
He leaned back with a creak and stared at the ceiling. He blinked.
“Holy shit.”
Everyone looked up and there it was. Nailed to the goddamn ceiling!
“Cheatin’ bitch,” said Mac.
“What’s that of?” said Sanchez.
They all stood beneath it and narrowed their eyes. Picture was a bright, happy circus, maybe from the 1930s. Big top in the sunshine, people walking the midway. Kids in short pants with stuffed animal prizes, men in suits and hats eating popcorn. Women wore Sunday dresses and held plump balloons.
“So he’s in there?” said Bob.
“As we speak,” said Jack. “Someone boost me up.”
Ron and Elvis bent with their hands cupped and Jack put a boot in. He kept the other on the floor, giving them one, two –
“Three!”
And reached toward the ceiling, feeling the whump of cold air against his chest, then the blast of rain and a squelch of mud as he dropped to the ground. He cursed and stood and wiped his hands on his jeans. 
Place might’ve been the painting at one time, blue skies and happy sun, but Brad was having his way. The tents were black- and gray-striped, tattered and torn. Clouds swirled overhead, thunder growled. Jack saw figures through the pelting rain, men and women, a few dragging feral-looking kids. They all turned toward him with flashing red eyes before continuing on.
They came from behind, too, and snarled going by. Hotel guests, people from that tour bus, people working the motel itself. They wore the old time suits and dresses from the painting, but it was them all right.
“Incoming!” Ron cried and thudded into the mud at Jack’s feet. They caught the others coming through, Hairdo with a slight delay for dragging the office chair over to stand on and trying to keep his balance since it swiveled.
“Wasn’t easy, either,” he said. “Plus, I got clown paint on me and that chick’s mousse did something to my hair. Now? I’m all wet and my jeans are wrecked!”
Jack sighed and led them all down the midway.
“I’m serious!” Hairdo cried. “Lookit all this mud! And goddamn rain! And who’s payin’ us for this shindig, anyway? ‘Cause I want extra, like hazard pay, if they have that. Bonus is fine too, whatever they do. Have ‘em make the check out to my cousin though? Anything lands in my bank account, my ex’ll be on it like fried on rice. Woman’s a menace, but she drank like a fish and could throw a punch.” He smacked Elvis on the shoulder with a smirk. “What more can a guy ask for, huh?”
Jack glanced at the booths as they went by, water pistols, ring toss, duck shoot. No one in them, no one playing. It was just the crowd, all headed for the big top at the end of the boulevard. More thunder boomed low and a burst of lightning was caught in the belly of a cloud. The rain was cold and everyone’s hair probably looked terrible by now.
“You hear that?” said Sanchez, and Jack looked around. 
He listened. Yep.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

“Here we go,” said Elvis, whose own hair actually looked fantastic. He hadn’t been kidding about that pomade. The rain actually bounced right off it, no drops sticking or anything.
“So we take ‘em out now or what?” asked Bob, hefting the MAC-10.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

Jack moved to let a few people shuffle past. Wouldn’t do any good. These people were gonna get their souls sucked out one way or the other. They killed ‘em now, that’d just send their everlasting light straight into the big top. Nah, what they needed was Brad himself. Jack said so and everyone had an opinion.
“How the fuck we supposed to do that?” asked Hairdo. “This guy’s twenty feet tall! We’re playin’ catch up here, if that.” 
“Man’s right boss,” said Ron. “We need a real plan. He got away at the volcano, what’s stoppin’ him here?”

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

“All I know is, we gotta try,” said Jack. “If we can slow him down, maybe he’ll show us a weakness. We need him distracted, concentratin’ on us.”
“Yeah, but in the end, he squashes our nuts and moves the hell on,” said Mac. “We even know what his whole deal is?”
Jack shrugged.
“I had to guess, I’d say he’s tryin’a take over the world.”
“That’s original,” muttered Bob.
“The hell you expect? These magic guys don’t want money or chicks or a case o’ beer. It’s the whole world or nothin’.”
“Shit, you got the world, you got all the beer you want,” said Ron, popping a beer. “Chicks too, come to think of it. Hey! And money.” He sipped. “Yeah, ol’ Brad’s got the right idea.”
They stopped outside the big top and moved to let more of the crowd go in. Jack turned to the others. The chanting droned out from behind the flaps.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

“Okay, this is it. Only got a couple tricks left, but they’re not gonna end this.”
“Well, son,” said Elvis. “I can hit it with the ol’ karate bo-botty, but we’re gonna need more than good hair and sex appeal to get this done right.”
“We ain’t even got the damn hair!” said Hairdo.
“I know, I know,” said Jack, pushing back his own sopping locks. “And that stings. Hard goin’ into a thing without looking your best. But here’s one thing I do know. America wasn’t founded by guys with good hair. They had terrible hair and had to wear those powdered wigs. Did that stop them at Valley Forge? Or Iwo Jima? It didn’t! They had courage and know-how and stood up for what’s right!”
“They never killed no demons, man,” said Elvis.
“Their demon was having terrible hair! And they slayed that bastard with the white wig of confidence! Now, I’m telling you! We can do this!”

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

Jack charged through the flap, fist held high.
“We’re waltzing in and right back out, not unlike the wind!”
And laughter rang through the tent.
“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Very inspirational, Jack!” cried Brad from the center ring. “And incidentally, you’re quite right. I think I will take over the world. All of them! HAHAHAHAHAHA!”
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Brad stood upon a conical platform with the top shaved off, moons and stars glittering on its sides. He held his four arms akimbo, a large top hat perched interestingly upon his grinning book head. Fangs gleamed, the bookmark tongue flicked. Eyestalks probed about, watching the others form up behind Jack at the edge of the ring.
“Whaddya got, Jack?” asked the demon.
No words or wooden nickels, but Jack did have his keys. He pulled ‘em out, watching the creature closely. It seemed to smirk.
“You’re joking right?”
Its parchment skin was candy striped now, the ticker tape words crying STEP RIGHT UP! along with the usual come-ons. Stupendous! Amazing! Unbelievable! A ringmaster’s coat, tattered and torn, hung about him and spiked riding boots rode halfway up his thighs. The audience packed their bleachers on Jack’s side of the tent, a good hundred plus or whatever a demon could expect from a tour bus and a well-known roadside motel. They applauded as Brad gestured to Jack and the others, a sea of glowing red eyes fixed upon their master.
“Yes, ladies and gentlemen, here in the center ring we have a sight unseen by human eyes! A tremendous act unparalleled in this or any other reality! Feast your eyes upon these stalwart protectors of time and space, these demonslayers, these hard-fighting men!”
More applause as Brad stepped from his platform and brandished a flaming hoop. Oohs and ahhs abounded.
“Observe carefully folks, the hand is quicker than the eye. What you are about to see is without descriptive measure! It’s so shocking, so entirely appalling you will swoon in your seats, you may even expire! Surgeons are standing by, do not be ashamed to declare yourself in need of a nervous tonic or other such –”
Brad fell back in a burst of gunfire, bullets tearing into his chest and legs. He slammed flat on the dusty ground in a spray of parchment flakes, the blazing hoop bounce, bounce, bouncing away.
“Feel better?” asked Jack.
Bob dropped the MAC-10 on his shoulder, sneering through the gunsmoke.
“Gettin’ on my fuckin’ nerves.”
The demon sat up with a grin.
“So! Without further adieu!”
And the demon stood in a flurry of fluttering cloth to sweep another hoop before him. It wooshed through the air, the flaming trail revealing one, two, three horrible monsters deposited in its wake!
“The Malevolent Merman!” cried Brad and a fishy heap of frog legs and turtle flippers plopped to the ground and cocked its monkey head. 
“The Human Pincushion!” 
A bald man dropped in a crouch, dressed in loincloth and bracelets. Nails of every shape and size were pushed halfway into every inch of his body from his bare feet to his bald head.
“And Lobster Boy!”
Lobster Boy landed with a growl, more midget than boy, but very vicious and powerful looking just the same. For whatever reason he was dressed in a Confederate soldier’s uniform, though truer to his name his hands were indeed salmon-colored pincers, his eyes black and featureless. 
Then Brad was soaring into the air in his usual pose. The audience stood as one, applause, applause, popcorn buckets tucked in their elbows, balloons tied to their wrists. The demon stopped halfway to the ceiling, between the high wire poles. Webby cracks of red light fizzed from his chest, the audience responding with bright flashes from those red eyes.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

“This is it!” cried Jack and held up the keys. Or more specifically, the keychain itself. Given to him by the Gypsy Queen of Route 31, it was a smiley face that, when properly motivated, could make anyone –
“Have a nice day!”
Brad blinked and looked down at Jack.
“You mean it?”
The lights crackled away, dying to fits and pops. The creature cocked its blocky bookhead.
“That’s really very kind of you Jack, I must say I have no idea why we’re fighting like this.”
“Hey, these things happen. C’mon down here, we’ll talk about it.”
“But of…of course.”
Brad scowled trying to lower himself, then thrashed in place.
“No!”
“C’mon, man. Be a guy.”
The demon put two of its hands to its head. The other two clenched their fists, then swung around in a loud clap.
“NO!”
Suddenly, Jack was caught around the waist by a long, pink tongue, shot from the mouth of that monkeyfaced merman! Jerked into the center ring he was flung high overhead, left to bounce into the high wire net and, well, actually, land quite comfortably.
“Ha!” he shouted and flinched as Ron followed suit, sagging slowly into the mesh beside him.
“I don’t think he saw the net, boss.”
“Well done, sir!” Brad bellowed. “But your time is up!”

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

And Lobster Boy loosed a howl of glowing, concentric rings from his mouth, while the Pincushion flung a swarm of steel darts at all comers. The rings caught Hairdo and lifted him high, his supergun blasting wildly. 
“The fuck are you doing with a tractor beam?!” he cried. “How does a lobster have tractor beams!”
Lobster Boy answered this with a blaze of heat vision, narrowly missing Hairdo’s hastily tucked legs.
“Oh, that is bullshit!”
Jack leapt from the net and looked up toward Brad. A red circle of light glowed from the demon’s chest. The audience continued to applaud, applaud, their eyes growing brighter and brighter each moment.
“Boss!” Ron shouted and Jack barely ducked the merman’s darting tongue. He swung the Tec-9 from behind his back, pop! pop! pop! but the monster was scrambling toward Ron who was scrambling the hell away.
“Dammit!” Jack cried and jumped at what he supposed was a tail. He hauled on it, skidding to a stop as Ron slammed into Bob. Bob was currently machine gunning the Lobster Boy – or trying to – though that cantankerous crustacean had a remarkable knack for swatting bullets out of the air with his claws.
“Oh, come on!” Hairdo wailed, still flailing up at the end of the tractor beam. “How is he doing that? You can’t just up and do that!”
However, when Ron bumped Bob, his MAC-10 went sidewise just as the Human Pincushion loosed a fresh onslaught of nails at Elvis and Mac. He did this with some internal flexing motion, which shot the projectiles and left his entire body a grid of empty holes. It also left him defenseless against the MAC-10 shredding him to pieces, which distracted the Lobster Boy. 

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

It was later decided they’d known each other since college, or maybe had met in a cooking class. In whatever event, Elvis swatted Cushion’s nails over toward Lobster Boy and, his attention diverted by the death of his friend, found himself thucked soundly about the chest and throat to such an extent that a lengthy existence upon this Earth became an untenable prospect. With a shriek of agony, his claws then blasted from his wrists like rockets – ‘Oh, just go to fucking HELL!’ shouted Hairdo – and exploded against the merman as that beast turned with a roar to devour Jack. 
Hairdo fell to what would certainly have been his death, had he not spent his professional career ducking bullets, flipping cars on the freeway and being thrown out of windows. That he landed safely in an action-packed crouch goes without saying.
“Now what?” he asked, flashing a boyish grin.
Jack didn’t know. The audience was still standing, the light of their eyes encasing their heads in a red aura. Brad’s entire chest glowed as though he’d been bolted into a piece of medieval armor, fresh from the forge.
“What’s next?!” cried the demon. “Why, I am nearly complete! The power of one more site and I can locate your Source! Then! You will be no more!”
And the audience raised their arms, their souls bursting from their chests and soaring toward Brad. The air itself was torn around him in a jagged circle, lightning sizzling into the depths of an endless black abyss. 
Brad flew toward it as everyone searched wildly for some way to join him. Neither catapults, see-saws or super springy shoes were in evidence. Jack looked at his feet, where the merman’s severed tongue lay in a pool of mucus.
“Everyone grab on!” he cried and cracked it in the air, snapping it around the demon’s ankle.
And hand to wrist in a long chain, they were pulled in Brad’s wake as he entered the portal.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Ahead of them, the creature streaked through the dark like a rainy red taillight. There was a dim circle of white far ahead and Jack wondered where it led. Any number of sites the demon could use to power itself, but if this Source was as capitalized as it sounded, Brad was aiming to top dinosaurs and evil clowns by a damn sight.
As they got closer to the exit, Jack watched the monster’s light dim and go out. All them souls from the motel, sopped up by a sinister sponge of sorcerous schemery. Even the Clown Motel itself, years of mojo, sucked away. Was the place still standing after that ritual back there? Prob’ly. Be a while before folks stopped there, though. It just wouldn’t occur to ‘em.
In the meantime, Jack wanted to know what the hell was what. His work didn’t include a complaint department, true enough, but he knew there were Forces. A man could feel ‘em out there on a dark and stormy night. Whoever they were, he felt they should have a talk. Haulin’ on a merman tongue through the depths of the black abyss, what the hell for? With five fruity flavors of his own self, no less. It gave a man pause. Asked him to question his place in the universe and wonder if he wasn’t getting the short end of the stick.
Was it Big Trouble Inc. like everyone said? Were they the wild-eyed, eight-foot tall maniacs in charge of time and space? No coincidence their truck stops brought in all manner of pernicious diablo and wiggly shitbag. No wonder you’d find one within a short drive of most of your major roadside ridiculation. Word was, they were even a kind of franchise across the multiverse. Pick a reality, any reality, Big Trouble would have its hand in somewhere.
Jack wondered, were they around for the rest of these guys? Was there a Big Trouble something or other for Ron or Hairdo? What about Elvis? What the hell was it all supposed to mean? In Jack’s experience, someone went to that much trouble to cause trouble, it could only mean trouble.
The exit was drawing in, this was it. What now? Lucy the Elephant? The Nashville Parthenon? Zzyzx Road? Then Jack was crashing through a wooden wall of planks and lathe and tumbling across a hardwood floor. The others smashed around behind him, their own curses and cries of pain drowned by a room full of tourists who had presumably just gotten a good look at Brad.
Jack pushed some boards off his back and stood with his gun aimed out front. No Brad, though. And no front. There was only Elvis, batting the Tec-9’s barrel aside. 
“Sorry,” said Jack. He swung it away, bumping into Bob.
“Careful.”
“Sorry, sorry...”
Bob went back to his notebook. “March 20th, escaped from circus dimension...” he muttered. “About to escape from….”
He looked around.
“The hell are we?” he asked.
A plain room, it seemed, like an empty ski lodge. All wood. Big, no-glass windows looking out onto a forest, zero furniture. Everything was tilted, slanted, seeming to shrink impossibly into the distance at odd corners.
“Goddamn Mystery Spot,” said Jack. He threw some elbows at the tourists panicking past, craning his neck to find where the hell Brad had got to.
“...Mystery Stop...” Bob muttered, writing away. “Should...be...”
“Spot,” said Jack.
“What?”
“Show me the damn mystery, then!” Hairdo shouted, jostling side to side in the stampede. “It’s a cabin!”
Oh, it was a little more than that, Jack knew. By all appearances, it was a series of cockeyed rooms built over what the owners said was a rip in spacetime, or a crashed UFO, or a meteor, depending on your tour guide. 
No denying the rooms were a mess on the eyes, though. You could stand on some shelves they had coming out of the wall or these rough benches here and there and seem to be leaning out into space. Meanwhile, someone next to you was perfectly upright. Two people standing side by side would look like two different heights until they switched places. And switched heights. People got smaller going into the distance, seeming fifty yards away, though they’d only taken a few steps. 
Make no mistake, the Mystery Spot was just that. And whatever folks said about some trick of carpentry and clever math, that was just a story. Everyone knew (everyone in the know, that is) that the Spot was not to be trifled with. Fun for tourists, but for the folks on the road, folks like Jack, they knew it was a place of considerable power.
“Which way, boss?” Ron said as the last of the tourists stomped away. Jack looked with them through several open doors toward the parking lot, which seemed like it stood at the end of a telescope. Then the other way, another room veering off to the side, crashing, smashing noises coming from farther on.
“C’mon!” said Jack and led the way. 
Immediately, he was walking on the walls, the place well aware of who he was and more than willing to give him a good show. The others cried out behind him, Elvis checking his hair as he stood on the ceiling, Mac and Sanchez arguing over if they were an inch tall or ten feet high. Hairdo, Ron and Bob all exclaimed over their various psychospatial predicaments. Hairdo and Ron did this with humorous comments of varying effectiveness, Bob with several blasts of the MAC-10.
“Stop shooting the goddamn walls!” Jack cried.
“He can’t hear you, boss, he’s like, a mile away.”
“He’s right next to me!”
“I’m right next to you, man!”
“Elvis, you’re on the fucking ceiling!”
“Can we get a move on?” Hairdo shouted. “I’m both perpendicular and crosswise and it’s freakin’ me out!”
“All icy blue eyes on me!” Jack cried. “Don’t look into the distance!”
And he followed the noises ahead, across the walls/ceiling, along the floor/walls and over/under the doorway to the room beyond. It veered miles off into an L, the noises they wanted just around the corner up there.
Brad was crouched on the horizon as they made the turn, then suddenly grew to gargantuan heights within the next two steps. Jack looked up the enormous length of the creature, shielding his eyes for the distance. Brad glanced down, in the process of tearing up the floor. 
Jack tore his gaze away then, forcing himself to focus on the palm of his own hand. He sneered as he did it, the world refusing to buckle, until he felt his vision click with a low rumble of thunder. The Mystery Spot wasn’t pleased, but it perhaps knew there was more fun to be had down the road.
Jack turned, his companions with their hands on each other’s shoulders yet and all of them standing firmly on the floor. Elvis behind him, all the way back to Ron. The King’s fingers crackled with karate mayhem, the barely heard words of ‘A Little Less Transformation’ trailing off as things settled in. 
“Everyone see okay?” Jack asked. The others looked around, hey, whaddya know.
Jack looked front, Brad crouched only a few feet off, ripping out the last of the troublesome floorboards and throwing them away.
“You’re too late, gentlemen!” he cried.
The demon stood up before a jagged hole, several levels deep showing cross-sections of floor and insulation. A wind wailed from below amid a whirling green glow, like a single star on a moonless night.
Then he was dropping through with a laugh, a crooked spear of emerald energy bursting against the ceiling. Jack flinched, thrusting his gun in the wake of that tricky bastard.
“Dammit!”
“What now, boss?” Ron asked.
“We follow him!”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Jack dropped toward the green star as it went supernova. He wasn’t sure where everyone else was, but he knew Hairdo would be checking for burnt ends and singed eyebrows. Ron would toast the thing with a beer, Bob would try and shoot it. Mac, hell, he prob’ly thought someone had set off some dynamite. He didn’t worry about Elvis. That’s why they called him the King.
Then the flash was gone and he was hanging in the air in front of Brad. They all were. Not in front like Jack was, facing the creature, but in a circle. Twenty feet above a pool of green water, shining bright. Not as bright as before, but it lit the cavern up nice. The walls glittered, like quartz or something.
Jack looked over at Elvis, then Ron, with Bob at Brad’s back. Mac was on Jack’s other side, then Hairdo. They all floated easy enough, though Ron scissored his legs like he was swimming and when Jack peeked around Brad, he saw Bob looking down and behind him a lot, as though searching for wires to cut.
The demon himself had his usual pose going, but his two lower arms were reaching down to the pool. With a splash an actual green star came up, an oblong rock, blazing in its center. It was a meteor!
“I’ll be damned,” said Jack.
This son of a bitch was getting more than mojo this time, hell yes. Plenty of mojo to be had, sure, all kinds of magic from the tourists – but now this thing, too. The source of all that wonder. The Source itself? Jack couldn’t say why, but he didn’t think so.
Brad began to chant.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr...

“Awright, just calm down!” Jack shouted. 
Elvis threw some karate punches and began to sing.

As the demon chants
On a weird ass magical afternoon
Six guys is trapped way, way underground
In the grot-toeeeee

“In the grot-toeeee,” the others crooned and Brad snarled, resuming his chant even more loudly.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

The meteor pulsed, filling the demon’s hands, making them translucent. This coasted up his arms and his eyes rolled in ecstasy, bookmark tongue flicking.

And a meteor glows
'Cause if there's one thing it can do
Is make Brad sing the old ear-goo
In the grot-toe

“In the grot-toeeee!”
“STOP IT, STOP IT!” Brad cried but his arms were lit, lava lamp sludge churning under the skin. Now the light moved toward his chest and the meteor began to die down. 
“It’s not workin’, Elvis,” said Jack. “He’s suckin’ that thing bone dry!”
“We’re slowin’ him down!”
“Not enough!”
“Well, I got ‘Are You a Lonesome Green Rock Tonight’ and ‘Viva Space Chaos’! Which one?!”
“C’mon Jack, think o’ somethin’!” Hairdo shouted. He racked the slide on the supergun and took aim. 

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr…

“No!” Jack shouted. “Screw that! Lemme think!”
“What about the keys again,” said Sanchez. “Or didn’t you mention wooden nickels?”
“And postcards,” said Jack. “None of ‘em are gonna work!”
“Postcards?!” said Mac. “Magic fucking postcards.”
Jack pulled them out of his back pocket and flapped them.
“Magic fucking postcards! Yes! Miami! Here!” and he flicked it out between his fingers. “Wisconsin Dells! There! And – oh, shit.”

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr…

The meteor dimmed another few shades, Brad’s chest swirling bright and leaking down to his hips. He looked like a four-armed jello mold held up to the sun. 
“Oh shit what?!” cried Hairdo. 
Jack peeled the third postcard off the back of the Wisconsin Dells, stuck there with gravy, coffee, who the hell knew. But it’d do the trick. Welcome to Aspen! And two jolly folks spraying snow as they skied down a mountain. An icy, icy mountain.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr, Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr…

“Oh, you’re gettin’ FUBAR all right,” said Jack and snapped the card toward Brad, like that thing. Like that thing with the ace of spades stuck in a watermelon. It hit the meteor on its corner, slid in a good two inches. The rock suddenly shone a cloudy blue and Brad’s cat eyes blazed open.
“NOOOOOOOOOO!”
Glittering frost crackled over his taloned hands and up his arms. His book mouth gaped, a huff of vapor curling out. The lava lamp sludge within began to thicken, cooling from emerald to lime to a syrupy swirl of sun-baked grass.
“YOU MOTHERFUCKER!”
Brad clenched his frozen fists and smashed the meteor to blasted shards. Jack ducked under an arm as a mist of needles swarmed past him. The demon flexed his hardening hands, the two upper ones reaching down to massage some life into the lowers. He gasped a deep breath to warm himself, skin changing from snotty yellow-green to almost pistachio before he coughed it out and held himself. All four arms locked tight around his middle, bulging eyes glaring at Jack as though to end him then and there.
“This won’t last,” the creature rasped. “I almost – cough! – had it anyway...I was nearly there!”
“And where’s that gettin’ you?” asked Jack. “Nowhere. Fast. It’s time you realized you ain’t gonna get what you want. But I can damn sure promise what you need is on its way.”
“There is enough – cough! – enough to reach the Source!” spat the demon. “Once – cough! – once there...”
“Once there you’re still a hundred bucks short of Park Place. So the question is: We gonna go another ten rounds at the World’s Largest Eggroll, or you gonna chance it at the Source and hope you can scare up some more of the good stuff?”
And Brad brought his legs up, bookhead down, arms tight as he curled into a ball. The world snapped like a bedsheet and spun him clockwise inside the group’s circle, whirling into a stretched taffy ribbon of hideous laughter. Around and around he went, caught in a funnel crushing him smaller and smaller as he neared the water below.
Jack grunted as the vortex slammed him in the side, throwing him toward Mac who flew toward Hairdo and on and on, everyone caught inside a tornado closing in on itself. Faster and faster, pulled toward the shrinking wink of Brad at the bottom, sucked down a drain pouring them straight out of the universe –
– and into the middle of a damn nice garden party.
“Incoming!” Ron yelled and Jack saw a fully set table, round, plastic, full of food and drinks as it exploded against his shoulder. He followed it to the ground, hearing cries and shouts as the others went where they went and things happened how they must.
“Did you see that?!” someone cried.
“That was fantastic!”
“What a fucking entrance!”
Jack licked barbeque sauce off his chin and wiped a smear of mashed potatoes from his hair. He looked around at a crowd standing over him, everyone applauding softly and nodding to each other.
“Loved it!” said a man.
“Just loved it!” said a woman.
“So what’s the act?” said the man.
Jack stood. Wiped his lips with a wrist and watched the others getting up from their own wreckage of tables and looking around.
“Act?” said Jack.
“Act!” The man wore a linen suit and topsiders that probably cost more than Jack’s truck. The guy turned his head. “Hey, birthday boy! They’re here!”
Jack looked at Elvis, who looked at Bob, who looked at the others, all looking around a large tent full of tables (most of them still upright) and guests (who loved the disturbance, just loved it!) all murmuring appreciatively in an array of expensive casual wear and hoisted champagne. A very large house loomed just outside, several sleek, flashy cars parked in the driveway beyond.
“Sorry, ‘act!’” Jack said suddenly. “Thought you said ‘cat’. No, no, we’re the act.”
“Well, it’s about time!” cried a voice, tinged just-so with a barely suppressed laugh. It came through the crowd, hand in the pocket of some jeans, beer held high. Sportcoat and t-shirt, shaggy gray hair. White beard, real blue eyes. Real blue. 
Oh, Jack had seen ‘em before, no question.
Every time he looked in a goddamn mirror.
Man had thirty, maybe forty years on him, sure. Him and the other five hims, but make no mistake. He was lookin’ right at himself for the sixth time that day.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
“Wow!” said the Old Man, this time letting out a chuckle. “You all look just like me!”
He grinned around, slapping a few of his guests on the shoulder. 
“Huh?” he said. “Is this not fucking terrific?! Lookit these guys!”
Waiters appeared and started cleaning up the tables. 
“Sorry about that,” said Jack, gesturing to the scatters of plates and cups and tipped-over chairs.
“Aw, hell,” said the Old Man, “ain’t a party ‘til somethin’ gets broke!”
He turned back toward the crowd.
“Honey!” he shouted. “Hey! Honey, honey, c’mere!”
And he was gone, weaving around the tables, raising his beer for attention.
“Now, that was a beard,” said Sanchez.
“Beard?!” said Ron. “He’s got our whole damn face!”
“Maybe he’s our dad,” said Hairdo.
They all gathered together as the guests wandered off, some of them turning to point strange black graham crackers and give them a click.
“Smile!” said a woman.
Click!
“Is that a stage?” asked Elvis, pointing up front. Jack looked past the crowd and sure enough, they had a stage up there. Amplifiers, instruments, the whole wreck.
“What I wanna know is,” said Jack. “Where the hell Brad is. I lost him when we came through and I don’t see anyone gettin’ their guts ripped out.”
“You hurt him, boss,” said Ron. “Prob’ly layin’ low.”
“Yeah, but as who,” said Jack. “He’s still part Thingy. He can take on whatever shape he wants. Includin’ the old guy.”
“Nah,” said Mac. “It’s his party. Brad don’t wanna be the center of attention.”
“So another guest,” said Elvis.
“Question is why,” said Sanchez. “Why here?”
“Where is here,” said Hairdo.
“Another reality,” said Jack. 
He could feel it, sure enough. They were a long way from home.
“How y’know that?” asked Mac.
“I can tell. Me and the universe, we got an understanding.”
“Which is what.”
“No clue. But it ain’t killed me yet, so I figure we’re on good terms.”
“It’s Earth though,” said Ron. “Right?”
“Yeah,” said Jack, “but one way, way down the line. Hell, look around. The clothes, those things they’re all holding, the old man himself. You can’t tell he’s us?”
“But old,” said Hairdo.
“Real old,” said Jack. “I’d say thirty years at least.”
“Thirty five,” said Mac.
“So we’re in the future?” said Sanchez.
“I don’t know what it is,” said Jack. “But I do know –“
“Here, honey, lookit this!” said the Old Man, striding up with a woman in tow. A cute little elf of a gal with shiny blonde hair and big cartoon eyes.
“You do this?” the Old Man asked.
“Me?” said Elf Lady. “Oh! You know who it was.”
The Old Man snapped his fingers. “Shit, that’s probably it.” He smirked at Jack. “Friend of ours couldn’t make it, said he had a big surprise waitin’. That was a hell of a thing with the lights and all that. Poppin’ outta nowhere. Man! And the costumes and...you guys all what, brothers? Cousins?”
“Well!” said Elvis, giving a sharp clap. “We’re here for a show, right?”
The Old Man hoisted his beer.
“Damn straight!”
“Then let’s go!”
“Let’s do it up!” And the Old Man swung his Elf Lady back around, both heading toward a table. 
“Here we go, folks!” said the Elf Lady and the crowd applauded, several holding up those black crackers, click, click.
“Okay, time to escape from the birthday tent,” said Bob, and racked the MAC-10.
More applause.
Jack put his hand out and lowered the barrel.
“You got a plan, Elvis?” he asked.
“I believe I do,” said the King. And he cinched his tie, shot his cuffs and marched to the stage, hand high for the crowd in a big wave.
The others all clomped up the steps behind him, kicking a few cords away and moving some stools. Few guitars up there, a drum kit, horns, even a piano.
“So I’m thinkin’,” said the King, “this thing ain’t got so soul, right?”
“Brad?” Jack shrugged. “I doubt it. He’s an evil magic book space alien piece o’ shit.”
“Good deal.”
Then the King swept a mic off the floor and whipped the cord out to say a few hellos. More applause. 
“Awright, who here’s from a dimension where I’m a secret agent? Anyone?”
A few murmurs. Sorry, King.
“Hey, that’s alright. Now I’m gonna sing a little song here, my boys gonna back me up.”
Hairdo snorted.
“Not unless you got a fuckin’ kazoo up here.”
The King covered the mic with a hand.
“Don’t worry, boys, I got enough sick-ass talent for this whole party. Comes off me in waves. 
Grab your deal, let it call out to you. Do what comes natural.”
Jack picked up a guitar. Mac went over behind the drums. Hairdo sat at the piano, Ron took up a sax. Bob looked around and stooped for a trombone.
“No shit?” said Ron.
“Marching band,” said Bob. He sneered. “You got a problem with that?”
“It’s perfect,” said Elvis, patting his shoulder. “Here we go.”
He turned to the crowd.
“Okay, folks, this is a little somethin’ I cooked up special. And a one and a two –“
Jack strummed, Mac smacked the skins. The King gripped the mic and curled that lip.

A cult busted Chunky out of spacetime jail!
Jacky’s boys showed up and he began to wail!
The Thingy’s jumpin’ and the house went straight to hell!
He grabbed that magic book and hauled some ass, oh, well!

Let's rock! Every-body, let's rock!
From New Delhi to ol’ New Yawk!
We’re dancin' to the Hellhouse Rock!

Cap’n Ronny’s playin’ tenor saxophone,
Bad Bobby’s blowin' on the slide trombone,
Arctic drummer Mackie’s goin’ crash, boom, bang,
My whole rhythm section looks like that Old Man!

Let's rock, everybody, let's rock!
From Baltic Ave to ol’ Boardwalk!
We’re dancin' to the Hellhouse Rock!

Evil creature said to me and all the boys,
Wait’ll I open up my cute little toy,
It’s a wicked book of teeth and eats up all the girls,
Watch me read a page about the end of the world!

Let's rock! Everybody, let's rock!
From Memphis up to ol’ Milwauk!
We’re dancin' to the Hellhouse Rock!
Let’s go!

The crowd went wild. They were on their feet, clapping and dancing along. They almost seemed to glow, somehow. The King just brought it out of ‘em. Made their souls sing.
All but one, that is. 
At the edge of the tent, by the back patio of the house, Jack saw a woman at a table watching them. She was alone, no drink, no nothing. Maybe she just didn’t like Elvis, but bein’ a woman, that prob’ly wasn’t the case. Maybe she’d broken her legs and couldn’t dance, but Jack didn’t see any crutches. He wasn’t even sure broken legs was an excuse when it came to the King. No, most likely, she had no soul to feel the man’s magic rhythm and show it like the rest. 
Maybe too, she started to realize that.
She rose suddenly then and walked toward the Old Man. He and the Elf Lady were cuttin’ quite a rug, the man himself leaning down with a grin for the woman’s message. Uh huh, uh huh, oh, really? She kept an eye on Jack as she talked, then led the Old Man away.
Elvis turned and caught Jack’s eye. Jack nodded.
“That’s him!” he shouted.
“I got it, baby!” said the King and dropped the mic. He clapped with the crowd, bringing in that sweet groove, everyone out there like they were praying to God Almighty. Then he reached toward them folks and started drawing it in. Glittering trails of unfiltered rock and roll, straight from their hearts and right into his. Jack could see the notes and symbols, clefs and quavers and double flats, cut from gold foil and flung away on the wind.
Across the far end of the tent and a short stretch of lawn, the Old Man was stepping onto his back patio. He opened a sliding door, the woman with a hand on his shoulder to guide him through.
Then Elvis was pumping his fists, charging up that musical mojo into a sweet karate curse. He let it go with a yell, a dusty ball of fire streaking over the crowd. Out through the tent, over the lawn and straight on target. The woman turned as she stepped inside the house, too late to do a thing but catch it smack in the chest. She flew back with a scream, clothes shredded, heels flying, porch rail blasted apart in a spray of shattered planks.
“Ha ha, we got her!” Jack cried and leapt off the stage. The others were right behind, fighting through the panicked crowd, guns and beards and frosty beers on hand to finish this thing once and for all.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
“She’s gone, boss!” Ron cried, peeking over the busted railing.
“Find the old guy!” Jack shouted, jabbing his gun toward the doors. 
“Found him!” Hairdo said, ducking inside.
“Well, that was quick,” said Jack, coming up behind.
“Thank you. The trick was looking inside.”
The Old Man was in the kitchen, chacking open a double-barreled Remington and smirking at his visitors. He loaded from a box of shells on the counter, eyes wide and wild.
“Know what?” he said and swung the barrels shut – chack! – bringing the weapon up in one smooth motion. “I don’t think you’re with the band after all!”
“Okay, fine,” said Jack. “We’re here from another dimension trying to stop a magical space alien from taking over the world.”
“And ya couldn’t just tell me that?!” the man cried. “I’m a reasonable guy!”
“And you’re about to see some very unreasonable things,” said Jack.
“More things, boss.”
“Right. More unreasonable things. And one of them we’re chasin’ is on the mend and soon as he’s up to speed, he’s gonna bust in here and try to...uh...”
“Take your time,” said Hairdo, with a smirk.
“Well, he’ll, uh...”
Yeah, hell. Jack didn’t know. For a second, looking at the Old Man, he thought he had it. 
“You know us, by any chance?” he said instead.
The Old Man laughed. 
“Yer kiddin’, right?”
Jack stared. He looked at the others, who all looked at each other, then the Old Man. Not a single one of ‘em met the guy’s smile.
“Oh, c’mon!” said the Old Man. “The hell’re you doin’ here if I don’t know you? Of course I know you! Or, y’know, who you’re s’posed to be.”
“’Supposed to be’,” said Bob.
“Supposed to be! Who you’re all dressed as? I mean, yeah, this one’s got better hair than I do –“
“Damn right, babe,” said Hairdo, shaking his locks.
“– and pretty sure I can do a better Elvis than that guy –”
“Doubt it, man,” smirked the King.
“– but yeah, I ‘know’ you.”
Jack narrowed his eyes.
“What if I told you you’re the Source.”
“He is?” said Sanchez.
“Source o’ what?” said the Old Man.
“No goddamn clue,” said Jack.
“THEN ALLOW ME TO ELUCIDATE!” cried the demon, on a crash from above. Everyone threw an arm up for the exploding skylight, Brad slamming down on the kitchen table. 
Jack turned with a punch ready when the creature smacked his arm away and leapt for the Old Man. Guns came up, Brad behind the man now, hand to his throat. A long, black talon dented the skin at his temple.
“Ah, ah!” said Brad, with a bookish grin. 
The Old Man caught a flick of the bookmark tongue in the corner of his eye.
“The fuck is this noise?!”
“This is Brad,” said Jack. “S’posed to be crouched in a corner somewhere.”
“Oh I was,” said the demon. “It just didn’t take as long as I thought. And now, in the presence of the Source itself? I feel even stronger!”
“So it is him,” said Mac.
“Naturally. My key to the Axis of Creation. Oh, not quite yet, you did indeed set me back with that meteor, but not too far. No, I think I can find plenty of worship on this plane.” The demon leaned in. “Tell me, Old Man, where do people go in this town for their tawdry glimpses of false paradise?”
Brad scratched the Old Man’s temple and licked the blood with that long, satiny tongue.
“Ahhhhh, I see.”
“And hey,” said the Old Man, “since we’re lookin’ in each other’s heads...”
And he brought the Remington straight up, pulling both barrels under Brad’s leatherbound jaw. The boom threw him into the wall, pages bursting into the air on a ragged gust of fire.
The Old Man stumbled away, chocking the gun open and reaching on the counter for more shells.
“Yeah, that doesn’t work,” said Jack. 
Brad coughed and cursed and flung himself through a swing door.
“Does now, boss,” said Ron. “He ain’t as pink-cheeked as he says, by God!”
So Jack squeezed a few shots from the Tec-9, smashing holes in the door as it came to a halt. Bob followed with the MAC-10, Elvis whumping a big ol’ karate chop to blow the goddamn thing right off its hinges.
“Jesus Christ!” cried the Old Man. “I gotta fuckin’ live here!”
They all coughed and waved the smoke, Hairdo blasting a few shots from the supergun for good measure.
“He dead?” asked Mac.
“Of course he’s dead!” said Hairdo. “Disco, mood rings and Pet Rocks all say, ‘This guy is fuckin’ dead.’ And they would know.”
But Brad was gone from the hallway beyond, smears of steaming green blood and bits of burned paper spattered about. They grouped around the doorway, looking down to a pair of tall, polished front doors, staircase on the left, another hall on the right.
“You were sayin’?” said Bob.
“Oh, shut up,” said Hairdo. 
Ron patted his shoulder.
“Disco never dies anyway, man. That shit is just plain groovy.”
“What the hell is going on!” came a voice and they all looked back at the Elf Lady standing in the patio door. At perhaps a hundred pounds (and most of it legs) one wouldn’t consider her formidable, until they looked into those big, wet eyes, bulging in fury. It was as though they had peered into the depths of the most fiendish horrors and found them only slightly amusing.
“Space alien,” said the Old Man, gesturing with the shotgun. “Guess he wants to take over the world.”
“Well, fuck that!” said the Elf Lady. “So we need what? Dynamite and flamethrowers?”
“Yes!” cried Mac, pumping a fist.
“Great! I’ll be right back!”
And she ran off, leaping onto the back lawn.
Everyone stared at the Old Man, eyes wide.
“I know!” he said. “It’s like I won the lottery and they paid me in cool chick!”
Jack jabbed the Tec-9 out front and waved them all through the smashed swing door. Jumping around the corner to the other hall, ‘Ha-HA!’ but nothing there. Another pair of tall, polished doors at the end, more blood and ash straight to them.
“Library,” said the Old Man.
“That a fact,” said Jack and crept toward them. He could hear crunching sounds within, satisfied smacks and the rip of pages. 
“Hey, Bradwick!” yelled Ron.
Elvis cocked an eyebrow.
“What?”
“Gotta be short for somethin’, right?”
“Makes sense.”
Jack stood with his back to the wall beside the doors.
“I’m givin’ ya ‘til three!” he shouted.
Smack, rip, snarl, chew.
His hand reached for a knob. The others spread out, Mac and Ron with him, the rest on the wall opposite.
“Y’hear me, in there?” Jack called. “Huh? You wanna rip up some books, maybe take a page from the Gospel o’ Jack! And I quote: ‘Unto thee, I uh, tread forth with some and suchlike that, uh –”
“Never shall foreswear –“ said Ron.
“Right! And always whatnot with the likening unto –”
“Not takin’ over the fuckin’ world!” Hairdo shouted.
“Exactly!” cried Jack. “One! Two!”
“FREE!” roared Brad, yanking the doors off the hinges and throwing them behind. He ducked under the doorway with a snarl. His bookmouth was stuffed with several hardbacks, the bulletholes punched in his parchment skin oozing with freshly pulped pages. “OOH FINK OOH KIN STUP ME, FOOISH MORGALS?”
Crunch, smack, chew.
Jack popped some more 9mm holes, unsurprised when a few choice words from Mr. Harold Robbins seeped in to plug them up. The cover of ‘Goodbye, Janette’ hung skewered on the creature’s lower canine.
“Oh, man!” said Ron. “If you like Nazis, high fashion and plenty of spanking, that is the book for you!”
“Yeah, we read it around the tree at Christmas,” said the Old Man. 
He boomed the shotgun at the advancing demon, who took it in the chest with a smile. Barely flinched as Bob rattled off the MAC-10 and couldn’t be bothered when Hairdo followed up with the supergun, THOOM! THOOM!
The King threw some shadow punches in preparation for the coo-day-grah.
“My turn, man!”
“Get in line, buster!” came the cry and the Elf Lady swung around the corner, the nozzle of a flamethrower at the ready. 
It was a Soviet-made LPO-50, or Jack didn’t know his flamethrowers. Elf Lady grinned around a stick of dynamite in her teeth, chewing it like a stogie.
“Drop yer socks n’ grab yer cocks, gents!”
CHAPTER TWENTY
“Oh, I think not!” cried Brad and held up his hands as everyone else dove past him into the library. A willowy plume of orange magma soared down the hall, banking against a whirl of magical incantations. Jack turned back to see letters and symbols soaring from Brad, Elf Lady’s flames purling off to either side.
“HAHAHAHAHAHA!” laughed the demon.
Then it turned the blaze toward the hall itself, engulfing the walls, then the ceiling. Elf Lady cried out, caught with a backhand as Brad turned toward the library. The Old Man shouted and ran to help, caught easily at the threshold in a four-armed bear hug. He tried to bring the shotgun up once more, but the demon gave a sharp squeeze and it clattered to the floor. The Old Man caught Jack’s eye and swung his head toward his wife.
“I got her!” Jack shouted and ducked back out, arm up for the flames as they roared about. There was a crash of glass and the rattle of gunfire behind him, then he was dragging Elf Lady under the arms toward the kitchen. The thrower nozzle dangled behind, scraping along like a broken tail. Hairdo appeared, thooming his gun over a shoulder. Then the others, coughing on a gust of smoke. Jack was dragging his charge to the patio door when Mac said not to bother.
“Elvis is puttin’ out the flames.”
Jack set the Elf Lady by the kitchen table and knelt beside.
“With what?”
“My God-given cool, baby!” said Elvis, striding through the swing door. “A little ‘Return to Cinders’ and that was that.”
Jack got the thrower pack off the elf and handed it to Mac.
“Yes!” he cried.
“Brad got the Old Man?” Jack asked.
“Out the window,” said Bob.
“Flew toward town, boss,” said Ron. “Looks like L.A.”
The Elf Lady coughed and blinked and tried to sit up.
“We get him?” she asked.
“Not quite,” said Jack.
“My husband?”
“Gone with,” said Mac, wriggling into the pack. “Sorry.”
“We know where?” asked Elvis.
“Way he was talkin’,” said Hairdo. “Sounded like he was lookin’ for some kinda quick fix.”
“Cheap and easy,” said Ron. “They do that in this town?”
“One or two places,” said Jack, rolling his eyes.
Fact was though, the demon was talkin’ about one place in particular. What else could he be talkin’ about? They were said to be on as many planes of reality as Big Trouble itself. No reason they wouldn’t be in this one. 
“Wait,” said the Elf Lady. “You don’t mean –”
“Just need an address,” said Jack.
Hairdo went over to the counter and rattled open some drawers.
“Where you keep the Yellow Pages?”
Elf Lady stood and dug in her back pocket. She held up a black cracker.
“Haven’t had those in years,” she said. “I can get an address, even get a map if you want.”
“On that thing?” said Hairdo.
“Yep.” She handed it to Jack. “Just type the name, there.”
Jack squinted at the thing and pecked his finger over a tiny keypad.
“Oh, forget it!” cried the lady and snatched it back. Her thumbs bopped. “I’ll read it, you can drive.”
“Like hell!” Jack said. “Somethin’ tells me your husband would be unthrilled if we put you in harm’s way.”
“More harm, boss.”
“Right. More harm’s way.”
“So what?” cried the elf.
“I dunno what! I just know...”
“He wouldn’t like it,” said Elvis.
“I mean, he’s basically our dad,” said Hairdo. “Can’t disappoint your old man like that.”
“Nope,” said Jack. “Not doin’ it.” He grabbed the cracker and tossed it to Ron. “We need a car, though.”
“And more dynamite,” said Mac.
Elf Lady reached in her back pocket and plopped some sticks in his hand.
Jack snapped his fingers, gimme, gimme. 
“Keys too, sister.”
“Keys schmeez,” she said. “We’re doing valet. There’s a whole stand outside.”
Jack led the way, out the front door and down the steps. 
“Can I help you, sir?” asked the young man in a red coat and Bob shoved him into the bushes.
“Fuck off.”
Jack bent at the hooked board with all the keys and scanned their various options. 
“Ha!” he said and jingled a set in the air. “Someone’s got good taste.”
He booped the fob and a ‘69 Chevy Charger bloop-ooped! down the driveway.
Hairdo ran.
“I’m drivin’!”
“Bullshit!” cried Jack, catching up.
Hairdo chunked the door open and Jack edged in, both wincing as they began to slapfight.
“Ow!”
“Ow yourself!”
“Cut it out!” Elvis shouted.
Hairdo threw up his arms.
“Fine! But I am not riding in between!”
Bob got in the passenger side as Jack pushed Hairdo in next to him.
“Hey! Did you hear what I said?!”
Elvis and Ron got in back and slammed the door. Jack turned.
“Where’s Mac?”
The roof bonged and dented.
“He wouldn’t take off the flamethrower,” said Ron.
Mac’s upside-down face appeared in the windshield.
“Not gonna happen!”
Jack turned the key and hit the wipers until Mac went away. Then he stomped the gas, roaring into the street, ass-end fishtailing, smoke pouring from the tires.
“I should be driving,” Hairdo said, his squished shoulders pulled in with a scowl. “I do this kinda thing all the time. Cop cars, dump trucks, station wagons, hell, I drove a semi full of high explosives through five school zones and through – that’s right through – an entire hospital to catch a jaywalker.”
“You get him?” Bob asked.
“That’s not the point. The point is, there’s subtleties here, little nuances – hey!”
They swerved around a car up ahead, jumping the curb and tearing across a piece of lawn. 
“Nice one, boss!”
“It’s all in the re – hey!”
Jack mashed the horn for a guy getting his mail, leaping away as Jack sliced across the sidewalk, smashed the mailbox off its post and shrieked back into the street. He blew a stop sign at the end, whipped a corner, then jammed the gas. Bob flipped open his notebook.
“What’s it say!” cried Elvis.
Ron leaned over the front seat.
“March 20th, escaped from birthday party. About to escape from traffic accident. Should be cool.”
“We even know where the hell we’re goin’?” asked Hairdo.
“Good question, boss,” said Ron.
Jack narrowed his eyes out front, swerving around a minivan and back onto the sidewalk.
“It’s a fantastic question.”
They whanged a trashcan off the front bumper and dropped back onto the street. Hairdo moved the rearview to check his hair.
“Cut it out!” Jack shouted.
He squeaked the mirror back in place and dug in his pocket. He passed the cracker to Hairdo.
“Make yourself useful.”
“What’m I? Buck Rogers? I got no idea how this works.”
“She already typed the address in, it should be there.”
“All I see’s some kinda mustache thing.”
“Push a button.”
Hairdo pushed and looked at the screen.
“It’s a picture of my lap.”
“Picture?”
“With a mustache.”
“Here, take one o’ me!” said Ron.
“For-get it,” said Hairdo. “Anyone’s gettin’ a mustache, it’s me.”
He turned the cracker around and smiled at the little peephole in back. Click!
“Sweet,” said Ron. “Makes you look like Wyatt Earp.”
“I do kinda look like Wyatt Earp.”
“Will you find the goddamn directions?!” Jack cried. “Interstate’s comin’ up!”
Mac’s upside-down face appeared once more.
“I was thinking.”
“Get outta the way!” Jack shouted.
Mac tapped the end of the thrower nozzle on the glass.
“I should test this thing, right?”
“Couldn’t hurt,” said Bob.
“Get outta the goddamn windshield!” Jack cried.
Mac withdrew. A moment later a spew of liquid flame poured out from above, splashing over a line of parked cars beside them.
“What the hell is he doing?”
“Field test, boss.”
The cars exploded in their wake, soaring into the air on plumes of oily smoke.
“She used it at the fucking house! Mac!”
Mac appeared with a stick of dynamite in his teeth.
“Should try this stuff too, right?”
“Ask forgiveness, not permission!” Sanchez shouted.
“Good point.”
Mac withdrew.
“Fuck it,” said Jack. “Interstate it is!”
And they zoomed under an overpass and shrieked through a yellow light. Hit the on-ramp to a blare of horns, swerving onto the shoulder as a fizzling stick flew out over the embankment toward a construction site.
“Holy shit,” said Hairdo. “This thing gets newspapers on it!”
A bulldozer exploded, sending the scoop through a chainlink fence where it chased several children across a lawn before smashing into an above-ground pool.
“That’s pretty cool,” said Ron, leaning forward. “See if it gets the New York Times!”
Jack swerved them around a bus, palm on the horn as they pushed a Miata into the HOV lane.
“Someone get me some fucking directions!” he cried.
And suddenly an interdimensional vortex opened up straight ahead and directions to any place on Earth became rather a moot point.
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
Big Trouble Incorporated knew from being an extra-dimensional conglomerate providing stability to the tenuous veil existing across the multiverse. From our own rather crass and conventional eventuality, something of an ‘Earth Lite’, all the way up to the Hot Caramel-Filled Quadruple Fudge Ripple with Candied Meth Sprinkle-type Earths packed to the brim with drooling troglodyte cannibal rapists and homicidal circus freaks on mopeds, they covered it all.
BTI joined these parallel Earths through outposts disguised as truck stops, churches, hospitals, apartment buildings, space stations, mailboxes, what have you. They contained doorways leading between worlds or to BTI itself, allowing their efficient and courteous staff to deliver their goods or even just keep an eye on things.
Such goods ranged across a wide spectrum of products and services, ensuring that everyone stayed where they’re supposed to. Weapons for restless regimes to keep them at home, enslaving their own people instead of branching out into some other eventuality. Medical intervention to spread plague and keep expansionist governments focused on more immediate problems. Sabotage and assassination when certain eventualities happened upon the technology to breach the veil in the first place. Sometimes though, they just sat back and waited to see what would happen. 
When Jimmy decided to raise Chunkthulu, BTI couldn’t see the downside. Jimmy wasn’t the sharpest wavy dagger in the drawer, so why not let him use their truck stop temple? Jimmy gets his little party, BTI gets several neural tons of faithful chanting to sweeten its coffers, everyone’s happy. If Chunky killed Jimmy and his cult, BTI adds a few sacrificial souls to the books. If Chunky is defeated by a stalwart defender of time and space, BTI adds the howls of a vanquished Elder God to the pile. 
Of course, this defender would need help. Oh, he knew enough to stop for gas when he felt that certain shift in the air. He’d do his best. But this was an Elder God, after all. So, the folks in BTI’s Quantum Entanglement Division would have to dial up a bit of random circumstance and put a few versions of their guy in the right place at the right time.
Could they foresee that Mac would bring the Thingy through, that sack of tumors knocking Chunkers off his fat ass so the alien intruder could eat the Necro-nom-nom-i-con? When it came time to address the oversight committee, BTI management said absolutely, yes, sir. All part of the plan. In their quieter moments, usually in the breakroom or at the bar after work, it was a pretty holy fucking shit moment. Call it free will, random particle movement, hell, maybe they just had too many spacetime irons in the fire to begin with.
Now, though, the book was in its own body and about to kill a Source. Sources were big deals. Not to be taken lightly. Once done, the demon could then set its sights on the Axis of Creation.
“Creation!” said Jack. “The Axis of Creation.”
“The singular nexus at the center of the multiverse, yes, sir,” said the man, wiping his thick glasses and setting them back on.
He’d been waiting on the other side of the dimensional portal. It had led to a small town called Big Trouble, according to signs for the Big Trouble Bank & Trust, the Big Trouble Diner, the Big Trouble Library and the Big Trouble Hey Jack Maybe You And Your Friends Should Come Inside For a Second.
It was a lot to fit on the sign, but there was no ignoring the fact they were expected. A bell had dinged over the door, a receptionist had snapped her gum and soon, the man had ushered them into his office by way of “Henry Swanson’s my name and preserving the integrity of the spacetime continuum is my game!”
Mustard yellow shirt, brown jacket and those chunky square glasses. His hair was plastered to either side of his head like he’d hadn’t gotten all the shampoo out. Man! Did he look like them, too?
“Fuuuuuck no,” said Hairdo.
Henry talked, they listened. Jack talked, Henry said:
“The singular nexus at the center of the multiverse, yes, sir.”
“So whaddya need from us,” said Jack.
“It’s what you need from me,” said Henry. “This conversation, for starters. You’re not going to defeat him, otherwise.”
“So tell us what we have to do.”
“Stop him.”
“Well!” said Hairdo. “Thank God we took the time. I for one, am relieved. It’s like a giant weight has been lifted –“
Jack sighed.
“Don’t start –“
“– and placed on my fucking throat.”
“Do you know what a Source is?” asked Henry. “What they represent?”
“You mean Dadbeard,” said Sanchez.
“I like it!” said Ron.
“Right? It’s got some snap.”
“Well, you have the ‘dad’ part right,” said Henry. “Sources are…creators. Interpreters. Without them, people like you do not exist.”
“So he dies, we die,” said Mac.
“If this one dies within the properly prepared ritual, yes. You die. And your realities along with you.”
“Reality,” said Bob. “Like the world.”
“Your whole world. All six of them. There are other versions of you, this Source has many, but you six have been brought into the fold. It’s your worlds the demon will reference in his spell.”
“But why him,” said Elvis. “This, this ‘Source.’”
“As I said, he’s your creator.”
“So he’s God.”
“Your God, if you like. Ironic, considering he is the only real one among you.”
“Hey, I’m plenty real, pal,” said Jack. 
“Creation agrees,” said Henry. “Which is, in and of itself, everything that’s ever been made. Doesn’t really matter if it’s fact or fiction, so long as someone believes it’s true. Your own worlds are like that: utterly contrived, completely invented. Someone made them up! But hey, they say God made all the real ones, so what’s the difference? Creation itself doesn’t care. People think you exist, you exist. Here you are, right?”
“Yeah,” said Jack. “And why is that, again?”
“You all have a smirky, brass knuckle charm the audience loves,” said Henry.
“Can’t beat an audience,” said the King.
“Nope,” said Henry. “And they’ll follow you anywhere. Into movies, books, comics, TV shows, whatever. Any entertainment. Any fiction! That’s you.”
“Us what,” said Ron.
“You’re fictional characters. And! I’m here to help you.”
Jack rolled his eyes.
“Or check into a psycho ward, whichever comes first.”
“Jack –“ said Elvis.
“Jack what, I’m s’posed to buy this shit?”
“I’m not selling anything,” said Henry. “You know the Axis of Creation, Jack. You know it’s real. If anything powerful enough is able to draw the multiverse toward it, to a single point, the Axis is revealed. If this book –“
“Brad,” said Hairdo.
“Brad?”
“We call him Brad.”
“Well, if Brad can eliminate even one world, much less six, that leaves a gap in the scheme of things. With the Source dead at the proper moment, the chaos beneath is revealed. Six holes in reality waiting to be remade. A lever of sorts, to start prying the multiverse apart. And Brad can reach inside all of them to build whatever he wants. And if he wants worlds of pure magic, say, enough to power him for eternity, then that’s what he’ll get. Six incredibly powerful magic worlds. And he’ll use them to take over everything else.”
Jack sighed.
“So how the hell do we stop him.”
This was getting old. It was time to get back out there and start seeing things no one else could see. Doing things no one else could do.
“Never forget, the book has his own tale to tell,” said Henry. “Brad himself is a work of fiction. Created by someone trying to make him real. In the end, he’s just words on a page. And those words can be changed.”
“How.”
“Well, how else? Make some shit up.”
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO
The Charger shot out of the portal on Hollywood Boulevard and Jack slammed the brakes. They slid through a red light, blowing a tire on the curb and bouncing halfway onto the sidewalk. 
Jack heaved his door open as people streamed past, paying him no mind. A few ran through the street as well, other cars honking and weaving around them. Across the street was packed too, like a parade, everyone shoulder to shoulder as far back as he could see. 
Thing was, they were all headed in the same direction.
“This it?” asked Mac, sliding off the roof.
“Henry said he’d get us there,” said Jack.
He looked up the face of the building beside them, on the corner. Ten stories, big neon sign. Glass doors and windows showed a clean, bright lobby. Several people in khakis and matching golf shirts stared out at them.
More horns as cars roared around the corner, a few trading paint in the intersection. 
“The hell they doing?” asked Elvis.
There was a roar from above and Jack bent his knees in a flinch, staring up at a jet dragging over the rooftops. Low enough to count the rivets in the hull.
“Jesus!”
“Hey!” shouted Hairdo over the droning woosh of the engines. “Can you – hey! Hello?!” Every pedestrian waved him off and kept going.
“Let’s get inside!” Jack yelled. 
He led them all in a squeeze through the crowd, Bob seriously shoving people so Jack could pull the lobby doors open.
Inside, a girl stepped from the group of khaki-clad greeters, shining a big, plastic smile.
“Welcome to the Church of Celebratology!”
“Thanks, you got a Brad here?” asked Jack.
“We’d be happy to assist in any way we can once you fill out a questionnaire!”
Except for them, the place was empty. Huge fountain in the center with reception desks on one side, a set of doors on the other. NORTH AUDITORIUM in big letters above these with the Celebratology symbol above that. Their patron saint Susan Lucci fighting Satan inside of a television set. Small threads of light sizzled around the doorframes, the distant sound of what might be chanting coming from within.
“Know what?” said Jack. “We’ll just look around.”
The girl jabbed a clipboard at him as he tried to move past. Her name tag said: Ask Me How To Become Famous! I’m Kendra!
The other greeters stepped forward, all whipping clipboards from behind their backs. Jack took his and the offered pen, cocking an eyebrow at the sheet there.
“Question 1,” he read, “I would describe myself as A. Super talented B. Ridiculously Talented C. Talented, but Incredibly So.”
Ron peeked over his shoulder.
“Question 2,” he read, in the cadence of a fourth-grader giving a book report, “I have not yet achieved suc-sess be-cause A, My coke-addicted neighbor isn’t a very-good-agent-B The Academy refuses to recognize comm-unity the-a-ter performances or-C-De-spite my claimsTom Hanks and I aren’t ‘Fairly. Good. Friends.’. Question 3...”
“We’re done,” said Jack. 
Ron stepped away.
Damn Celebratologists. Like BTI, they were spread across the multiverse in one form or another. Basically, they preached the gospel of a space alien who came to Earth in the body of a soap actor, promising eternal fame and fortune to anyone willing to sign over their immortal soul. 
Luckily, the human soul had a market value of a million dollars which paid for the first year of room, board, and of course, special classes. After that was gone, members joined their pyramid scheme, bringing in new souls for fifteen percent of that soul’s value toward their outstanding bill. After five years, provided they hadn’t had their organs sold to pay their debts, members got to star in a local payday loan or used car commercial. 
“I think we’re done here,” said Jack and tossed the clipboard over his shoulder. He waved the others on, pulling the Tec-9 from behind his back. Kendra’s suddenly veined, taloned hand gripping his bicep however, gave him a moment’s pause.
“’Scuse me?” he said.
The girl stared at him with eyes like burning marbles. Fangs gleamed in her smile as her hair flew about in a crackle of energy. The other greeters appeared likewise, hunched over with drooling grins as they spread their claws.
“Uh, boss?”
“Brad’s gettin’ his shit together,” said Jack. “Let ‘em have it!” 
He blasted off a few rounds, Hairdo thoomed one in the face and Elvis karatified another. Bob raked his MAC-10 over the rest. Bodies flew back with a gasp, returning to normal as demon curses tore themselves free. They flailed about like tattered capes used to put out a fire, then burst to scattered ash. Mac spent the fight trying to light his thrower nozzle and arguing with Sanchez.
“I am not doing it wrong!” he shouted.
Ron stood by Kendra and popped a beer.
“Ain’t dead are they?” he asked, pouring some on Kendra’s face. She coughed and looked around. “Hey, lookit that!”
“C’mon!” said Jack and moved to the auditorium doors. He tore them open.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

The place was like a coliseum, tiers of seats in a circle, rising up from the middle. Unlike the circus big top, the place was packed. But just like it, the audience stood with their arms in the air, mouths open to release their very souls. Same as the greeters, all were dressed in khakis and golf shirts. Lightning coasted from them in a million tiny threads, an undulating sheet that flowed toward Brad himself, floating thirty feet above the central stage.
Jack led everyone down the aisle, gun out, eye on the demon. The chanting stopped.
“About time!” Brad cried, above the thrashing sizzle of electricity. He clapped a pair of hands over his head and the last of the lightning trailed toward him. It burned like fuses through the air and collected into a scatter of small stars orbiting his body. He sucked these in with a single breath, a few glowing motes fading in the air. The audience remained in place, smoke drifting from their open mouths.
Jack stopped at the foot of the stage.
“Uh, what now, boss?” whispered Ron. The place was quiet, like someone having church in a library at four in the morning.
“He gives us back the Source!” Jack shouted. “Before we have to...y’know...uh...”
“Assert ourselves,” said Mac, still trying to light his nozzle. “Okay, how does this work on the roof of a car at 60 miles an hour and not here?!”
“The Source?” said Brad. “Why, he’s safe as kittens.”
The demon thumped his chest. It bulged out with a muffled cry and tented like rubber around the push of a hand. 
“Jesus!” Hairdo cried. “You fuckin’ ate him?!”
“I did no such thing!” said Brad, smoothing his pecs into place. “He’s in perfect health. But as I now have the remainder of the energy required for my spells, that’s going to have to change. You’ve seen it already! This city is in my thrall, as are the races of countless realities. The multiverse converges upon the nexus and soon, the Axis will be revealed!”
“Ain’t gonna happen, pal!” Jack shouted.
“Is too!”
“Is not!”
“Is too, is too!”
And the creature flung itself toward the ceiling, bursting through in a smash of panels and wiring. Wreckage crashed to the stage in a cloud of dust.
“Just great!” said Hairdo. “Elvis has left the building!”
“I’m right here, man,” said the King.
The audience began to move then, shuffling from their seats into the aisles. Their eyes had gone blank white, their skin pale gray. They cocked their heads and dragged one leg behind, in true zombie fashion. 
“Nice touch,” said Ron.
“Everybody on stage!” Jack shouted and stomped up the stairs.
He kicked some broken boards aside and pushed everyone into a group.
“Not you, Bob. We need a door.”
Bob grunted as he scribbled in his notebook.
“March 20th, escaped from lobby...” he mumbled. “About to escape...from...zombie...horrrrr-duh.”
“Yeah, yeah, should be cool!” Jack cried. “Let’s move it!”
Then Bob racked the MAC-10 and walked a quick circle around them all, brapping the floorboards in a spew of splinters. The cult snarled over the footlights as the shot-up section gave way, everyone crying out on a crashing drop into the depths. Bob followed, jumping down as the first of the zombies stumbled up the steps.
They were in a storage room, whumped onto a pile of cardboard boxes full of khakis. Jack shoved his way clear and pushed out into the hall, seeing what he wanted at the far end. He stomped toward it, everyone huffing to a stop behind him at a large map kiosk. Jack jabbed a finger down on the right spot and turned with a grin.
“Found it.”
Hairdo looked closely.
“The juice bar?”
“What? Oh.” Jack peered around the floorplan. “Dammit, where’d it go? I had it right here...”
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE
“Where’s the fuckin’ snacks at?!”
Jack floored it as the light turned green, the woman stomping onto the bus with the look of someone assured of snacks and certain of a painful death for those who denied her. She wore yoga pants and a tube top and was not a day over 70.
“I was promised snacks!” 
“Siddown!” Jack shouted.
The bus made the most sense to steal from the motor pool, more than minivans or cars, being the only thing with keys in it, large enough for six people and big enough to swipe any cops or other Zombitologists that might chase them down. 
They’d smashed it out through the corrugated bay doors of the church, getting almost two blocks before their first passenger. It’d been at a red light and as much as Jack held the handle trying to keep the doors shut, a crowbar was inserted between the rubber edges and that was that.
It didn’t help the bus cried out its rooftop pitch automatically and he couldn’t find a switch to turn off the bullhorn.
“Would you like to be famous? We’d love to see your demo reel! Let’s talk about how talented you are over snacks! Hop on!”
Therefore, they had 51 passengers before half a mile, everyone clamoring for immediate acceptance into the Church.
“I was an extra in Superdad!”
“I was in the background of some news footage!”
“My uncle is financing my next movie!”
“I do cookware infomercials!”
Several of them ran up behind Jack with a hand on the back of his seat. It was an unspoken rule in Los Angeles that any vehicle with more than two passengers must spend seventy percent of their travel time arguing over the best way to get somewhere.
“Take Yucca Street!”
“No! Vine to Franklin!”
“Siddown!” Jack shouted.
“You can’t take the freeway this time of day!”
“I didn’t say we would!” Jack cried.
“Dude! We have to take the freeway!”
“Siddown, dammit!”
“Yucca to Cahuenga!”
“No! Cahuenga to the freeway!”
“We can’t take the freeway!”
Jack turned.
“SIT! DOWN!”
“Okay, okay, but take the freeway...”
Horns honked as they charged through traffic. 
“Shit!” Jack cried.
It was the Celebratologists! 
“They found us!” Mac said, appearing over his shoulder. 
“Wait,” said Sanchez. “Zombies can drive?”
“Nah, lookit that,” said Ron, peeking around Mac.
Sure enough, no zombies. But the city itself was weirder anyway. Cars blasted past, costumed characters from Hollywood and Vine riding on the roofs, others holding bumpers on skateboards or rollerblades. Sedans and minivans, even another bus, were packed with people. One was full of priests. Another, everyone was wearing orange. 
It was the nexus, of course. The collapse of the multiverse to a single point, slivers of strange reality creeping through and all they had to do was follow it. It’s all anyone wanted to do. Some bizarre compulsion for everyone to be there, to see the Axis when it appeared. 
People ran every which way, packing the sidewalks and spilling into the streets. Jack jerked the wheel for someone in front of him, bumping a few wheels onto the sidewalk. Parking meters plonged off the grill and spun into the air. A woman leapt on the hood and stared through the windshield. Jack swerved back into traffic and threw her off.
“I was in an episode of Laverne and Shirleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey –“
“He’s takin’ the whole city, man!” said Elvis, elbowing through the crowd.
“There’s the freeway!” a waiter-slash-actor shouted.
“We can’t take the freeway!” cried a model-slash-dancer-slash-clothing designer.
“Can too!” said a producer-slash-bartender.
“Can not!”
“Can too!”
“Ow!”
“Oof!”
“Lemme go!”
“Stop it!”
Bottles smashed, chairs crashed as a brawl broke out up and down the aisle. Hairdo jumped from his seat and fought his way front. He leaned in Jack’s ear, staring out the windshield.
“Okay, the screenwriters have formed a gang with the independent directors and gone after the people with an Andy Dick story!”
“I have no idea what that means!”
“It means we need to get there before they tear the fuckin’ bus apart!”
“Hold on!”
They shrieked around a corner and sideswiped a garbage truck. Several Youtube celebrities jumped from the back and clutched the half-open windows.
“I have lots of followers!”
“I’m considered an influencer!”
“I’ve been the subject of memes!”
Jack scowled at them.
“I have no idea what that means!”
Mac banged on all some fingers to let the fuck go! and was pulled into the crowd. 
Around another corner and Jack floored it onto the highway entrance. He roared into the center lane, bashing a VW out of the way and slamming up against a semi. Horns honked, several people in tin foil capes on the roof of a cop car shot fake webs at them.
“Pew, pew!”
Cars in the opposite lane slammed their brakes and u-turned in a cloudy haze of melted rubber. Another swerve and Jack hunched low as he heard the wheezing groan of a jet engine overhead. Commercial jets, helicopters, private planes, they were all pointed the same way, racing each other to whatever they imagined was waiting for them.
Jack swerved for a microbus full of supermodels.
“Oh, shit!” Sanchez cried. 
Jack looked behind. 
“What’s goin’ on?!”
“Several interpretive dancers are acting out having an abortion during a nuclear war while some drama students shine flashlights under their chins and recite the final speech from Blade Runner!”
“By the fandancers of Atlantis!” Ron shouted. “Pretension indexes will reach critical levels! If they get too close to the folk singing choreographers – look out!”
An explosion filled the back of the bus, blasting the last three rows into traffic. Jack gripped the wheel as they began to fishtail.
A sign whipped by, Hollywood Bowl exit, one-half mile. Was that it? Jack had just been going  with the flow so far, but it seemed like as good a place as any. A line of dune buggies up ahead flicked on their turn signals and got into the far lane. 
“Ha!”
He swerved to follow as the sports mascots packed inside shot road flares into the sky and threw pies at passing cars.
“We’re almost there!” Jack shouted over the noise.
“Well, hurry it up!” Ron cried. “We got a production of Hamlet starting!”
Mac ran forward.
“And they’re rapping all their lines!”
“Yeaaaaaah, I’m the Prince of Denmark and I’m here to say...”
“Everybody take cover!” Ron shouted.
Another explosion blew a tire and shattered several windows. Jack gripped the wheel and slammed into a gas truck.
“My papa’s been killed in a mys-ter-i-ous way!”
Sparks from their exposed rim flailed across its shiny, silver tank. 
“They think I’m gone crazed and all wrong in the head!”
Bob pushed through the crowd and slapped his notebook on the dash. Jack peered over his shoulder.
“’March 20th, escaped from zombies,’” he read. “’About to escape from gas explosion. Should be cool.’”
“To be or not to be, oh man, my girlfriend’s dead!”
Jack looked out the window. The gas truck’s tank was punctured, a few drops of fuel spitting from the hole. More sparks flared from their squealing rim.
“Ah, shit.”
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Flames poured over the bus, licking through the windows and lending an ironic flair to a heated argument about whether cast recordings were ‘soundtracks’ and should musicals be considered ‘plays.’
More tires blew and the bus swerved again, crashing side to side between a parade float of Martian cross-dressers and an open convertible full of Elvis impersonators.
“I’ll kill them!” cried the King.
Hairdo held Elvis back from crawling out the window as the roof was torn loose and thrown into the air. A police helicopter roared above, pirates and plumbers and rusty robots hanging from the struts. The shadow of another airliner crawled past. Jack could hear the chunk of landing gear for the final descent into madness. He veered toward the exit ramp.
“Go left!” someone shouted.
“Go right!” cried another.
“Turn here!”
“You missed the turn!”
“’Cause I’m Hamlet, yo! The prince o’ one-man-SHOWS! Here-comes-Act-Five-I’m-dead-what’s-up-Ho-ray-shee-OH!”
Jack stomped the brakes and swerved into the parking lot, everyone thrown forward into a pile behind his seat. They coughed and shoved and tried to stand up, then gasped at the ridiculated brainscape laid out before them. Layers upon layers of reality folded end over end toward a single point in the distance. Impossible buildings, terrible creatures! Barbarians driving hovercrafts, serial killers on pogo sticks! UFOs divebombing dinosaurs, giant insects trampling over solid gold pyramids!
And of course, hot dog carts and souvenir stands, a neatly printed banner strung between a pair of poles showing the way in.

WELCOME TO THE END OF THE WORLD!
(We have snacks!)

“About goddamn time!” cried the yoga lady and stomped off to go join the party.
CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
“What the hell is that?!” Hairdo cried.
“That is a vision of insurmountable horror from the pits of corpulent feculence,” said Jack.
Or the void of putrescent corruption. They both had tentacles and got around on rollerskates, so it was hard telling. Hard telling much of anything walking through the mishmash of cosmic real estate beyond the parking lot. It was like a world’s fair on Planet X sponsored by a post-apocalyptic drag race courtesy of the fine folks from the Department of Clinical Insanity.
A patchwork of alien skies swirled overhead, fighter jets battling dragons amid pastel-colored clouds. There were castles, adobe houses and chrome pagodas. Huge, transparent eggs with caterpillar people throwing dishes at each other. Mile-high skyscrapers loomed, pyramids and obelisks blew plumes of fire from their peaks. Alien ships landed amid the smoke on webs of scattered light. Trolley cars full of otters in business suits clacked alongside horse carts heaped with used time machine parts. Armored women on stilts threw fried chicken. Fish people on Vespas cried ciao, bella! as they zoomed past giggling groups of bobby-socked gorillas. 
“You have any idea where we’re goin’?” asked Mac.
“Keep followin’ the crowd,” said Jack.
It’d worked fine so far. Everyone was moving forward, though groups here and there tended to break off through the odd doorway. Some of these flashed with teleporters, some had trapdoors, some simply boomed shut with an iron sound of finality Jack found a little disconcerting. Long as there were people ahead of ‘em, they’d keep going.
“So ask where they’re going,” said Hairdo.
“You ask.”
“I will ask.”
“So ask!”
“I’m asking!”
Hairdo jogged up a few paces and grabbed someone’s elbow.
“’Scuse me –“
The creature turned, eyes like TV static. That he was pale blue and had six arms should have attested to the fact he was Shiva the Destroyer, Hindu Atman of the universe. Hairdo cried out as he was slapped about the head and ears in furious triplicate.
“Ow, ow, ow! Nevermind, then!”
“Uske balon ko gana ban mat karo!” Ron cried. “Aap use rula denge!”
Shiva snarled and stomped off. Hairdo quickly checked his hair in the window of a kangaroo sex shop.
“The hell did you say?” he asked.
“Told him there’d be real consequences if he kept it up.”
“Really?”
Ron popped a beer and took a sip.
“More or less.”
“Hey, now,” said Elvis. “Check that out, there.”
They were at a Times Square-type intersection full of neon and noise. Cars didn’t quite touch the ground as they purred by. Jumbotrons glared down from the rooftops, showing a vegetable-based creature with a cardboard crown holding a microphone. It looked like a bundle of asparagus in a daishiki. It stood in front of a raucous crowd, everyone waving and mugging for the camera.
“– that’s right, Wink and folks down here are turning out in droves for the eventual destruction of the entire universe. Sir? Sir, could I have a word?”
The microphone was shoved toward a woman in a top hat and monocle. Her conquistador breastplate gleamed. 
“Whassup?” she asked.
“Are you excited about the collapse of the multiverse?”
“I don’t know about ‘excited’, Chip. I mean, is Brad really gonna re-do the whole hot dog/bun thing? He says he will, but that’s just words.”
“I hear you,” said Chip. “And he may not get anything done if he’s got Burt Jackson and his friends to contend with.”
“Yeah, I know Jack,” said the woman. “He’s a good guy, he’s just doing what he thinks is best. But I’ll still turn his ass in and collect the reward if I get the chance.”
“Screw you, Lorna!” Jack shouted.
The screen changed to six mug shots of Jack and the others, WANTED at the top of each and REWARD: JUST NAME IT down below. 
“And if any of you have information on any of these men,” said Chip, “do be sure to notify authorities or hey, just kill them on sight. Back to you, Wink!”
“Well, now what?” asked Ron. “We’re gonna have everyone and their fat Aunt Fanny after us.”
Jack flagged down a hover cab, a rusty orange lozenge with cracked windows and an ad for Big Trouble Menthols on top.
“Where to?” asked the reptilian driver, his claws clutching the wheel. He wore a Mets jersey and wraparound shades and smoked a cigarillo. He sounded like he was from the Bronx, which, having been to the Bronx, Jack didn’t immediately dismiss.
“The ritual,” said Jack, squeezing in front with Bob. Everyone else piled in back, oofing and urghing on each other’s laps.
“Take off the goddamn flamethrower!” Hairdo snapped.
“Have him open the trunk!” said Mac.
“Actually, I’m haulin’ some Cha-nookah decorations for my sister-in-law,” said the driver. 
“Fine! Here, get the strap off –”
“Ow!”
“Watch the nozzle!”
“Idiot!”
“Stop moving!”
“I can’t move!”
Bob turned in his seat, MAC-10 aimed in back. 
“Get rid of it.”
“She’s not an it!” Mac shouted. “Her name is Tracy, she’s a Capricorn, she owns an iron-on t-shirt business and likes Burt Reynolds movies!”
“I thought it was Gene Hackman,” said Sanchez.
“What?! Burt Reynolds!”
“Pretty sure it was Gene Hackman...”
“Now,” Bob growled, gripping the barrel tighter.
Then the door opened, Tracy clonged on the pavement and the driver dropped the flag. They pulled away from the curb, Mac slapping his palms on the window as they drove away.
“I’ll come back for youuuuuu!”
“Yer friend’s pretty fuckin’ weird,” said the reptilian cab driving Mets fan.
“Can you get us there or not?” asked Jack.
“Oh, that’s unlikely, my friend. I seen yous onna TV, yous ain’t gettin’ in dere.”
“When’s it start?”
“Uh, from my understandin’, time is relative an’ also a loop an’ I think instanta-maneous. So it’s already over an’ ain’t started yet an’ also not quite done.”
“Get as close as you can.”
“Well, dat dere’s also a quantomatic measure o’ spacetime whatnot. It’s both around tha next corner an’ on anudder planet an’ –“
“So pick something,” snarled Bob.
“Yeah, sure, I gotta place. Might get yous closer, might turn yas into a big bowl of my mama’s spaganoosh! Guess we’ll see, huh?”
The next corner brought them across a vast desert plain full of green bathtubs. They raced along on clouds of soapbubbles, throwing up plumes of dust. Squiggly blue people sat inside each, goggles tight, hands on the rim as they screamed into the distance. The cab swerved between them, suddenly going the wrong way down a long tunnel as centaur-drawn chariots stampeded past. 
Jack held the dash and cried out, the driver twisting the wheel and taking them down a long ramp and through a spiked portcullis. A courtyard full of ostriches honked at them on their way to the main hall, for whatever reason stacked with jiggling jello-molds and presided over by a two-headed king arguing with itself.
“Get there already!” Hairdo screamed from the back. “This is freaking me the fuck out!”
Another twist of the wheel and they flew through a doorway, down a long hall and into an office building. Olympian gods stood up from their cubicles to see what the problem was, papers blasting into the air as the cab smashed through a wall of windows and out into the sky beyond.
How this resulted in being underwater was a problem Jack decided to get drunk over later, worrying instead about the leaks that started from the roof, not to mention the seahorses outside with sirens on their heads gesturing for them to pull over.
“Hold on!” the driver shouted and they burst from the surface, surrounded on all sides by breathing pink walls and clouds of steam. 
“What the hell?” Jack asked, pressed against the seat. They were vertical, heading for a puckered tunnel above them, lined with teeth and surrounded by a circle of writhing worms.
“Ended up inside somethin’ I guess!” said the driver. 
Hairdo pulled himself up from the back.
“Did he say inside? Was that inside? Inside what?!”
The teeth clenched as they went up the tunnel, or, Jack supposed, the throat. The roof scraped, sparks blasting from the dashboard and turning on the radio.
“Quite a crowd out here today, Mark, I mean, I’ve heard of mindless worship of an upstart god trying to take over the multiverse, but this is ridiculous!”
“You said it, Skip! The place is packed, they’re stomping their feet and we haven’t even seen the guest of honor yet!”
“He picked a terrific opening act, though.”
“He sure did. I mean, if you’re gonna get the crowd pumped before your demonic ritual to undo all of Creation, you can do a hell of a lot worse than Hall & Oates.”
“Let’s listen in!”

And when I feel I can't go on! 
You come and! 
Hoooooold me.

Jack squirmed with a wince at his bare shoulder mashed against Bob’s. 

It's you. And me, forev-ahhhhh-ahhhhhh
Sara.
Smile.
(Smiiiiile...)
Oh, won't you smile awhile for me, Sara…

Similar recombinations began in the backseat, devolving into a shoving match and several punches. As Jack turned around to yell, Elvis threatened karate and Bob brandished the MAC-10 again. The driver screamed them all to silence as they flew out of the throat and between the quickly closing jaws of some titanic monster.
“Keep it down!” Jack shouted and turned the radio up as ‘Private Eyes’ came on. “This is a good one.”
CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE
The driver’s pinkie ring glinted as he flipped them off out the window, hovering away into the distance.
“I said I had money!” Jack shouted after him.
“He meant his money, boss.”
“Who gets paid in cereal coupons? That’s just stupid.”
“Not a viable economic model. No argument here.”
“And only Cap’n Crunch? Why. Tell me that.”
“Can’t do it.”
“Exactly.”
They’d been dumped on the streets of an old west town, clapboard shacks and storefronts, creaking signs and a vague, sweaty smell. Rolls Royces grumbled past, pulled by tiny hippos. Silver-skinned women in leather catsuits twirled their parasols. A beached aircraft carrier swarming with giant ants loomed in the background. The four-headed dragon they’d flown out of stomped in circles beside it, being menaced by several mimes in hang gliders.
Jack couldn’t tell if they were close to Brad or far or what to do. They needed a drink and everyone was getting sick of Ron’s beer. Cold enough, tasted fine, but it was time for something stronger.
“Looks like a bar to me,” said Elvis, pointing up the dusty street. Two blue-skinned cowboys were stumbling out of a place, blasting their spearguns into each other, straight through the crushed velvet of their evening gowns. As one fell to the ground, his pinwheel hat blew off and tumbled away.
Jack stomped up the steps and creaked open the batwing doors. The synthesizer player stopped, everyone at the place turned. The rough looking fellas in yellow taffeta stopped playing Boggle, eyes narrowed. 
Jack smirked.
“So! You guys got...”
Chairs scraped back, hands on pistols. Jack pulled the Tec-9, Hairdo aimed the supergun. Elvis chop, chopped the air, hands crackling with energy. Obviously out of sorts given the recent departure of his one true love, Mac brandished a stick of dynamite, eyes wide.
“...tequila?”
“Uh, boss?” said Ron.
Jack didn’t take his eyes off the joint.
“Yeah.”
“Should prob’ly haul some ass.”
Ron jerked his head and Jack let his eyes slide to the wall beside him. There they were, all six of ‘em, painted in the style of a Mexican mural. Laughing in sombreros and serapes, in a joyous hacienda. Hairdo poured margaritas at a table. Mac sat with a senorita on his lap. Bob was riding a bull toward Elvis, dressed as a matador, holding a red cape. Ron was at the bottom, laid out along the words SE BUSCA! Propped on his elbow, toasting a beer.
“Huh,” said Jack.
They ran out in a hail of bullets, wood smacking from the batwings and smashing out the windows. Bob passed the MAC-10 to Ron and drew his six guns, given their surroundings. Jack fired over his shoulder, Hairdo thoomed, Elvis chopped bolts of energy every which way. As cowboys scurried outside, holding up their hemlines with one hand and blasting with the other,  Mac flung the dynamite back inside – Yeah, fuck you, too! 
The explosion blew a spray of shattered planks in their wake as they ran for cover. Jack led them into an alley between some stables and a dry goods store, a picket fence blocking the end.
“Now what?” asked Sanchez.
“There they are!” came the shout and the other end was taken up by several smoldering cowboys, their dresses torn and frayed.
“In here!” said Elvis, and ran in back of the dry goods, vanishing as he went.
“What the –“ said Jack but the others were pushing him through as bullets smacked up the walls around them. Then he was falling through the air, down onto a giant pile of garbage far below.
“WELL, IT’S ABOUT TIME!” boomed the voice.
Jack landed face flat and oofed! into a warm mash of wrappers and plastic, then found himself rolling down the slope of an alpine expanse of trash. A whole range in fact, from the brief glimpses he got of the others flailing up handfuls as they spilled down their own heaps and hills.
Then he was tumbling across the floor, dragging piles of the stuff with him and picking it off his arms and legs.
The voice boomed again.
“SORRY ABOUT THAT. MAID ONLY COMES EVERY FEW THOUSAND YEARS.”
“Oh, you gotta be kidding me!”
“NO, REALLY. THREE, FOUR THOUSAND YEARS. SHE’S A GOOD EGG, HER NAME’S MARTHA. BRINGS HER OWN SUPPLIES SO THAT HELPS A LOT.”
Jack stood and brushed himself off.
“Not what I’m talkin’ about, pal!”
They were on a floating platform, a large square suspended amid stars and comets. Trash heaps behind them, couch in front. It featured the reclining bulk of an enormous man, sweaty and bloated with his tennis shoes up. Green track pants a size too small, wife-beater hiked over his belly. He stared down several chins as he unwrapped a cheeseburger and balanced a large soda on that gut.
“OH, YOU MEAN ME,” said the man.
“Heard you let yourself go,” said Jack. 
The others drew up around him, staring at the cosmos beyond. Elvis went ‘whoa’ as a planet drifted by. 
“Okay, man, this is gettin’ too weird even for me,” he said. “And I fought the Hoodoo Manongas on top of the Fat Pushpin’s living birthday cake.”
“That was you?” Ron asked.
“Damn straight, son.”
Jack kicked through some empty cans and approached the couch. 
“So? You bring us here?”
“WASN’T EASY,” said Chunkthulu. “KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO SHIFT PROBABILITY AND EAT AT THE SAME TIME?”
“Dammit! Use your real voice!” Ron cried.
“Sorry, sorry...” Chunky hoisted his burger, dripping with mysterious juices. “You guys should try one. It’s like a Big Mac, but it’s made with souls! You can really taste the need to define oneself in a vast and unforgiving universe where death is the only certainty and also the ultimate unknown.”
“Hey!” Jack snapped his fingers. “Focus!”
“Oh, fine!” said the god. “I’m sayin’ thanks, okay? You helped me out before, I’m helpin’ you out now. Brought you here, now I can send you to the main event.”
Bob finished writing and snapped his notebook closed.
“Helped what out,” he said.
“Hey, I’m appearing as a human so as not to blow your tiny minds, but come on. I’m an all-powerful Elder God! Everyone wants a piece.”
“Been there,” said Bob.
“Oh, what? Underwear and a few party gags?”
“What?” said Jack.
“Call Me Pranks,” said Bob.
“Please!” said Chunky. “Merchandising is nothing. Who doesn’t have their own line of commemorative signs –”
“Call Me Plaques,” said Mac.
“– or desserts –”
“Call Me Flans,” said Ron.
“– or variety of sweet cherries?”
“Call Me Bings,” said the King.
“I’m just saying, I got a few more expectations, y’know? And your whole mess at Jimmy’s really helped. Kept me from having to, y’know, do stuff. Interviews and photoshoots are bad enough, but getting out there? Forget it! Stomp all over, get worshipped, bestow, I dunno, horror or something? Maybe eat someone’s skin? I have no idea. I don’t need the hassle.”
“Hell of a show, too,” said Mac, watching an asteroid tumble past.
“Nah, that’s like a screensaver.” The god snapped his fingers.
The Hollywood Bowl appeared on all sides, a camera panning a cheering crowd. They pumped their fists amid glittering disco balls and the swoop of floodlights. An MC appeared as Hall and Oates walked off with a wave. 
“Is that Geraldo Rivera?” asked Hairdo.
Geraldo gripped his microphone and glared into the camera. His mustache twitched like it wanted to run off.
“And now! For the main event, we are going deep inside the multiverse itself for the first time ever! There, some say, is a vault belonging to none other than Brad himself –“
Someone ran up and whispered in his ear.
“What?” he said. “No vault?!”
More whispers.
“Undoing all of reality?! That’s insane!”
The scene snapped off.
“You get the idea,” said Chunkthulu. “Go handle that idiot, will ya?”
“Why?” said Hairdo. “I like the shows he does where the pregnant moms –“
“Not Rivera! Brad!”
“Oh.”
“We’re on it,” said Jack. “Just tell us how.”
Chunkthulu polished off the burger and licked his greasy fingers.
“Henry told you, he’s telling a story. Writing his own reality?”
“Yeah, we’re supposed to make stuff up.”
“Exactly.”
“He never said how.”
“Whaddya mean how. You’re fictional. Everything you do is a story!”
The god snapped his fingers and Jack watched the world fade away.
“And someone bring back some Heath bars!”
CHAPTER TWENTY SIX
They appeared in the aisles between sections of the Hollywood Bowl, partway up from the stage. Jack looked around, waving away smoke and sneering at the noise. Creatures from across time and space stood and cheered and cried out for the end of the world. Things with horns and antennas and hissing snake mouths. Things in tinfoil pajamas and hard plastic leotards. Things with blue skin or green, tartan or transparent. Things that were simply a bowl of organs with an eye on top, being carried by robots wearing miters wrapped in chili pepper lights. All of them howled and cried, waving flags and sparklers. Some held hand-painted signs and boosted their kids on their shoulders.
“My kinda crowd!” Ron shouted over the chaos. “Hey, Steve!”
Jack turned at a scaly merman in a fishbowl helmet shaking a trident in the air.
“You know him?”
“Oh, yeah, boss. He’s good people!”
Ron wiggled thumb and pinkie by his face, call me!
Steve gave a thumbs up.
Bob snorted.
“There’s no fuckin’ way – oh, hey Trish.”
A nude devil woman swished her pitchfork tail walking past. She gave a sly smirk. 
“Hiya, Bob.”
Ron grinned.
Jack jabbed a finger toward the stage. 
“Let’s get this over with.”
They drew their weapons and moved down the aisle, just as the stage itself was suddenly bathed in a swoop of searchlights. A pair of ladies in stockings and tuxedo tails pushed out a wheeled box covered in glittery cloth. Electronic music piped up. A voice droned overhead in the pompous, ham-fisted style of every Vegas magical act or 1970s filmstrip about the Great Pyramids.
“Since time immemorial, the ruthless hand of Creation has governed our fate...”
The ladies swung the box to the front of the stage and stood to either side, hips cocked, arm in the air.
“Only one brave demon has been bold enough to resist it!”
The ladies spun away and clacked their heels over to a pair of tall curtains in back. They each caught an edge and strode backward, drawing them open.
“Only one mighty sorcerer dares to question its authority!”
Brad appeared on a tall staircase, zipped into a white leather jumpsuit, blonde mullet wig on his grinning bookhead. His cat eyes wriggled on their stalks. All four arms were open to the crowd, one of them holding a magic wand, the other a top hat.
“So put your hands together, clap your claws and flap your flippers for the one! The only! Necro-nom-nom-i-connnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!”
The crowd shot to their feet, howling. Flares went off, guns boomed into the air. The music picked up a disco beat, the two women shimmying out to join a crowd of their sisters grooving in from the wings. They fell in formation to either side of Brad, swishing their coattails, tipping their bowler hats with lipstick grins.
Brad strutted down to the covered box, snapping his fingers, raising the hat over his head and tapping it with the wand. He drew out a wavy dagger, tossing the rest to do a great deal of jazz hand moves while he swirled the blade in the air.
Suddenly, the glittery cover swung into the rafters, revealing none other than the Old Man, wrapped in chains upon a stone altar! He yelled within a plastic box, which shattered to a flock of winged snakes as Brad stabbed it with the dagger.
More applause, whistles, We love you, Brad!
Jack charged up the steps, pointing at Brad as the demon raised the knife high over the Old Man.
“Just hold it right there, bub!”
Brad grinned.
“Jack! You’re just in time!”
“It’s all over, man. Pack it up.”
The demon shrugged his lower arms as the higher ones gripped the dagger.
“Love to, can’t. In fact, by the Ear Goo of Nageh we’re about ready for Foob Ahr!”
“Put it down.”
Brad glanced up at the blade.
“This? No, this isn’t going anywhere.”
And he slashed it in the air, words leaping from his chest and whirling in a circle. Crooked and ancient, like glyphs carved by evil men in far-off lands. Like twisted pieces of silverware wrapped with thorns. Jack and the others backed away at the crackle of electricity.
 
Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

The sky gathered overhead and the crowd cheered. The dancers all fell to their knees, heads back, arms high. Clouds swept up from the horizon, dragging the stretched image of buildings and streets and horrible creatures. The sky carved itself into infinite slices, each one of them a world crashing into an inverted bowl of lightning directly above. Like the southern pole of the sun itself, entering the atmosphere.

Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr! Ear-Goo Nageh Foob Ahr!

“The fuck is that thing?!” Mac cried.
“The main event!” Jack shouted.
“The Axis?”
“That’s it!”
The dome suddenly seemed to flatten, spreading like a pancake in the bottom of a bowl. Its boiling surface began to part, waves of molten light curling back along its middle to reveal a massive clockworks, a continent of gears meshing into each other.
“The Axis is revealed!” Brad cried on an earthquake of thunder. The words around him became a tornado, a sudden wind thrashing across the stage. Letters and symbols crashed against Jack as he shoved into it. He held an arm over his face, wincing for the shatter of words breaking against him like icy crusts. He heard the others behind him, shouting to one another about what the fuck were they doing?!
“Inside!” Jack shouted.
“What?!” someone said behind him, maybe Elvis. At the end of the day, they all kind of sounded alike.
“Inside!” Jack said. The broken words melted against his skin then froze over. He had frost on his arms and legs and his hands were going pale. 
“Inside what!” one of them cried.
Brad raised the blade high, back arched, his chest a bulging plane of sculpted muscle. The words poured faster from its center, Jack stomping another step and dragging himself forward. Another foot or two...
“Inside, inside, inside!” Jack said. 
“Did you fucking say inside?!” the Old Man shouted from the altar. He struggled in his chains and tried to cinch himself up against that blade. 
“I said inside!” Jack said.
“What kind of fucking plan is that?!”
“It’s a great plan!”
“You’re just making shit up!” 
“That’s what I’ve been sayin’ all day!” cried Hairdo. 
How else could Jack explain it? He didn’t even know how he knew, goddammit, he just did. It just made sense. Where else could you tell some stupid story but inside some stupid book?
And the blade swept down as Jack reached out, his clenched fingers clutching the demon’s chest. His fingertips sank in and warmth roared up his arm like an injection. Then his hand was gone to the wrist and he grabbed something inside, the fucker’s own heart maybe. He pulled himself another step. His other hand went behind him and he felt a clamp on his wrist. 
“Wait, inside him?!” said Elvis, holding tight. 
“Inside him!” Jack yelled and gritted his teeth for the words smashing against his ribs and legs and trying to knock him down. Brad trembled in place, howling as he forced the dagger down through a stretched-open second of time.
Then whatever Jack was holding gave a yank and his arm was being slurped inside. He watched it go, up to the shoulder, then his cheek was mooshing wet parchment skin and he watched the world syrup away as he was drawn into the dark.
CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN
None of them were outside to see it, everyone holding onto everyone else, sucked inside behind Jack, but he knew it was happening. The words whipping around Brad suddenly got bigger and a little brighter. A funnel swirling around him and everyone in the crowd watched them change shape. Whatever language they spoke, they could read it and their eyes got big trying to follow the story. 
Like a tennis match, eyes flicking left, then right, heads swooping around to watch the curve of every sentence. Brad frozen in the eye of the storm, still trying to drop that dagger into the Old Man. But it wasn’t happening. Even the dancing girls on their knees, swaying in the wind, did nothing for him. 
The Old Man seemed to realize this after a bit and began to relax. That is, relax as much as any man chained to an altar on stage at the Hollywood Bowl after being told by an ancient book of ultimate evil walking around in the body of a space alien that he’s the key to destroying all of Creation actually can relax.
Then Brad himself began to relax. As the story went on, entire paragraphs, whole pages were yanked from his body and spun into the crowd. They grew silent trying to follow along, heads back, more than a few moving their lips.
“Burt Jackson knew from evil...”
“It’s why he was stuck in the bottom of a goddamn pit right now...”
“He reached behind himself and grabbed a beer...”
“The arm came up, index finger pointing straight on...”
“Obviously, his tresses are a glorious, shoulder-length lion’s mane, the envy of all who behold them...”
“Suddenly the air tore open beneath him and he stood for a moment above a swirling black portal...”
Then they all cried out as one: ‘Ah, shiiiiit!’
And Brad gasped, caught in a sudden seizure that flung his arms outward, head back. His legs began to tremble, the dagger dropping to the stage with a clatter. His bookmouth roared as pages spewed out in tantrum handfuls. 
Like insects crawling all over, his parchment skin chewed itself off, showing bookspine bones wrapped in gold-edged veins. These cracked and burst apart, dropping him into a pile of damp, rotted pages, like some forgotten volume pulled from the earth. His bookmark tongue drifted down in a coil and became a snake.
It hissed and slithered away as the Axis closed high above, the halves coming together with a bank vault clang. Its dome rose back into the clouds, which parted on an evening sky. The crowd murmured and looked around, perhaps to ask the person next to them, what the fuck is this shit? But they had to do it before they disappeared. Gone like TV transmissions tuned out of synch, their colors fading, shouts and cries going to static as they drifted away. 
The parking lot followed, its rooftop piles of temple shapes and evil obelisks melting into the blacktop and a few mesh garbage cans. Sodium arcs sizzled dusty orange light as clouds of mosquitoes tink, tinked against their bulbs.
And all that remained was the heap of pages on stage, no altar, no Old Man. No curtains or dancing girls. Crickets cheeped, some horns honked down on Mulholland. The sky was a starlit beauty, shining down like it was supposed to. The universe started to get on with things.
Then the pile of pages shifted and came apart. The only thing moving for miles. A hand appeared, then two and three and beards and dreadlocks and glossy pompadours shoved themselves free in a cloud of ash and dust. Cursing and coughing as they came free, the parchment blowing away on a gust of wind. Their edges lit up as they went, burning themselves down to a swarm of embers. 
“I can’t believe that worked,” said Hairdo, sweeping himself off.
Jack shook shit out of his hair and looked around. He looked where the altar had been and at what was left of the pages they crawled from. A few smears of powdery ash, tumbling away from something underneath. He bent down and pulled it out, shaking off the last of the mess.
“That a book?” asked Ron.
It was. A glossy pink softcover, a picture of a claw tearing its way out the front. ‘Six Demon Bag’ it said. Jack knew the phrase and wondered if he’d thought of it. Not the author though, he had no idea who the fuck that was.
“Wiley’s an old friend,” came a familiar voice and Henry Swanson thumped up on stage from who knew where. Jack had looked out into the seats, all of ‘em did. Damn place had been empty.
“The fuck you come from?” asked Bob.
“My office,” said Henry. “I’ve been waiting for you guys to figure this out.”
“Did we?” asked Jack.
“Well, you jumped inside and told him your story, didn’t you?” said Henry. “Told him how it ended?”
“So it’s over,” said Hairdo. “’Cause I got a salon appointment tomorrow at nine. It was supposed to be a simple cut and rinse, but there’s no way I’m getting out of there before noon.”
“You’ll have to miss it,” said Henry.
“Where’s the guy,” said Jack. He walked to where the altar had been and pointed. “The Old Man.”
“Dadbeard,” said Sanchez.
“He’s home,” said Henry. “I’ve got some people there talking to him, he needs to sign a few things, this type deal there’s always paperwork at the end.”
“For what,” said Elvis.
“C’mon, guys. You nearly destroyed all of existence. Okay, you didn’t actually do it, but you were there. I got a few forms for you too…”
Henry reached in his coat and Jack waved him off.
“Nah, forget all that. You send us back. We did our thing, we got places to go.”
The others nodded and drew in on Henry, hands on hips, blue eyes narrowed.
“Whoa, whoa,” said Henry. “No one is going anywhere. I’m sorry, but it might look like things are back to normal? No. No, no, the damage is done, sorry. Can I have that?”
Jack looked down at the pink book in his hand and held it out. Henry brushed off the cover and riffled the pages. A breeze blew past.
Jack looked around.
“Did you just –”
“What I’m saying,” said Henry, tucking the book away, “is you all provided a link to your home universes. Brad tried to exploit that and while he didn’t succeed, he opened the Axis.”
“It’s closed,” said Jack. “We closed it.”
“Opening it is enough. The stress on the multiverse is, I mean, it’s quite substantial. Pickle jar didn’t open, but the lid is loose.”
“Lid,” said Jack. “Lid what, what lid, the hell you talkin’ about.”
“Most everything that came through went back, but the veil between worlds has been weakened. And I’ll tell you right now, other things will come through. This entire plane of reality was the focal point for an incursion into Creation itself. The walls got a few bricks missing. I need some folks to help patch it up.”
“What, us?” said Hairdo. “Forget it! We –”
Henry held up a hand.
“Look, travel between worlds is forbidden anyway, right now. The veil is too weak and we can’t risk a cascade effect from direct travel. You’re stuck here one way or the other. Might as well make the most of it.”
“Working for you?” said Mac. “No way! No, no, man, I chased that goddamn thingy, it’s dead, me and Sanchez are on vacation.”
“Vacation sounds fine by me,” said Elvis.
“What about you?” asked Henry, seeming to mean Jack, Ron and Bob all at once. 
“What about us,” said Jack.
“Hey, this is L.A. I can find a place for these guys. We can always use more crazy cops and Elvis impersonators.”
“Hey!”
“Sorry. And there’s plenty of places to relax,”
“Thank you,” said Mac.
“But! Someone else needs to be ready to go. Someone who’s maybe been around this stuff before?”
Jack shrugged. That was him, sure enough. If things got more than crazy, well, Ron spoke crazy. If things got too rough, Bob prob’ly wouldn’t have it any other way. But Henry already knew this and was already dangling a set of keys.
“This world isn’t used to this stuff,” he said. “It can’t handle it. You need to kick out anything that doesn’t belong and keep anything else from coming through.”
Jack took the keys and weighed them in his palm.
“And this is what.”
“Your new office. Rooms upstairs, you got the whole building to yourself. Old place, tucked away like you been there for years.” Henry grinned. “Whaddya say?”
Jack smirked.
“Gimme your best shot pal –”
And the stage exploded in a burst of shattered boards, an army of slobbering bigfoots leaping up with a mighty roar!
“– you can take it?” said Henry.
“Yep.” Jack drew his gun and moved in with the others. “It’s all in the reflexes.”
About the Author
Wiley Zanzibar was born in Cambridge, England. He is the author of the genrepunk webcomic LIVE AND DIRECT FROM PLANET TEN, a choose your own adventure-type novel, INCIDENT AT LUNCHTIME! A pulp fiction love letter called THE ROMEO DOOMSQUAD and this comedic little adventure you hold in your hands. He currently lives in Pittsburgh and is planning to run for mayor on a platform of world domination.
