See the Stars
By
John Davenport

Copyright John Davenport
This version 2022

This is a work of fiction.  Any similarity to people living or dead is purely accidental and unintended.

Contents
One	4
Two	7
Three	30
Four	41
Five	54
Six	66
Seven	71
Eight	84
Nine	91
Ten	105
Eleven	119
Twelve	127
Thirteen	137
Fourteen	147
Fifteen	154
Sixteen	164
Seventeen	179
Eighteen	194
Nineteen	205
Twenty	222
Twenty-one	231
Twenty-two	243
Twenty-three	256
Twenty-four	266
Twenty-five	273
Twenty-six	283
Twenty-seven	294
Twenty-eight	306
Twenty-nine	318
Thirty	335





One

I know not what the future holds, I know not what it brings, I only know what has passed and what tears that would bring. Now we must go forward with our heads held high, together in our belief in God and what we know is right. 
This was the last entry in the journal of a soldier serving in the Solaran Commonwealth’s Army before he went into battle with so many of his comrades. Yes, this was our Galaxy, where a terrible war was being waged between the Solaran Commonwealth and its allies, the Hellertron Empire, and a vicious, evil, despotic race, the Kayton Empire, intent on conquest and enslavement of the entire Galaxy. To this end, on the Keltar battle front on the Godforsaken planet of Ganeymon, the Solaran were facing the Kaytons and their Drone armies in deadly combat. The Kaytons were getting stronger by the day whereas the Solarans were getting weaker, being drained by the need to send reinforcements to stem the recent Hellertron defeats. How much longer could the thinning crest of the Solaran defence line hold out against another concentrated Kayton attack? They were about to find out as the alarms sounded all along the Solaran front lines. 
The Unknown Soldier, who made the journal entry, and all his comrades advanced from their dugouts and into the front-line trenches proper to prepare themselves for the coming onslaught. 
A young Second Lieutenant, who was standing next to the Unknown Soldier, shouted to his platoon, “Open fire!” as wave after wave of Kaytons and their Drone armies came at them. 
The Solarans held out… but for how much longer?
The Major in charge told the front line radio operator to call for air support.
“The Air Force is spread very thin,” replied the radio operator.” Can we hold out without air support?” 
Grabbing the radio receiver, the Major shouted, “I’m telling you, if you don't get me an air strike, and soon, we are going to collapse!” 
There was no reply; just silence at the other end of the line. 
As things deteriorated, the Major gave the order to prepare to retreat. At least that way some men would be saved, whereas if they stood firm they would all be killed or captured. 
At that very moment the radio operator said, “Listen,” as the unmistakable sound of Solaran fighter bombers could be heard in the distance. 
On board the lead strike aircraft, the Squadron Leader radioed to his pilots, "We are approaching the front line, T.A.R.D.S on now.” 
Tactical All Round Defence System was a force field which enveloped the whole plane. It was a good system but as it was a huge drain on the power, it was only used when absolutely necessary. That time had now come as the anti-aircraft shells exploded harmlessly on the force field, lighting it up as they struck. 
As they approached No Man’s Land the squadron leader said to his pilots, "Make them count, these lads are desperate.” 
They swooped in low and fast on the unsuspecting Kaytons, dropping their delayed action cluster bombs which exploded with devastating effect, breaking up the attack in its tracks. The surviving Kaytons retreated back to their front lines as the squadron made its escape back to its forward operating base to re-arm for the next expected mission, such was the pressure being exerted all along the front line. 
The men in the Solaran trenches reacted with cheers of relief at having repelled the attack, the Major’s Adjutant saying gleefully, "We did it, we held.” 
"This time, yes,” the Major replied. “Next time we might not be so lucky. I don't know how much longer we can hold on.” 
The young officer standing next to the Unknown Soldier turned to him and said, “We did it; we held…” But then his expression turned to sadness as he realised the Unknown Soldier had taken a stray bullet and died at his side. After composing himself, he said, “I didn’t even know your name, soldier, but I am going to find out now who you are and who your loved ones are.” He ever so carefully and respectfully went through the soldier’s pockets to try and give a name to this brave man who had sacrificed all in the name of freedom. But the soldier must have left his papers in his dugout because all he could find was a photograph of his girlfriend in his top left hand pocket, literally next to his heart. On the back of the photograph it read, Please, my love, keep me close to your heart. As you are to mine, always. To remind you of me throughout these hard times. And when the war is at an end and victory is ours, we will be reunited again, happy and free. My dearest love, Otterley. 
The young officer thought, I won’t let you be forgotten. I will find out who you are and when the war is over I will return your private belongings to your devoted girlfriend and tell her that I had the honour of serving by your side.

Two

Life on earth continued as normal, oblivious to what was going on around it. In England, in a city called Leeds, John was sitting in the bookies with his friend, Bob, who looked like the shepherd in the Specsavers advert who sheared his dog by mistake. He was the spitting image of that character. I was thinking to myself, look at all these people deceiving themselves they are going to win some money. 
My mother once said to me when I was young, "You never see a poor bookie.” What a way for a company to make a profit, by living on people’s addictions.
I remember when I first met Bob in the bookies, with his shirt hanging out and his shoe laces undone. Placing his ten pence each way bets every few minutes until his pennies ran out. I keep saying to him. “You remind me of the dead end kid of Leeds”. 
Now I don’t get much intellectual or mental stimulation at work. And I don’t get much more with my friends in the bookies. Bob keeps saying “I know, tell me about it.” And my mate Brian is always saying as an answer to my conversations: “It is, isn’t it?” over and over again. It’s just like Groundhog Day. One day I said to Bob. “If we had both stayed on at school, we could have been contenders, we could have been somebody.” His reaction was. “I know tell me about it Johnny boy.” Once we all went to a restaurant for our Christmas dinner. The waitress said to me “What about the vegetables.” 
I said, “Give them the same as me.”
It is all go in the bookies, never a dull moment. Yes, at times my behavior can be as byzantine as my compatriots’. But on the whole, with me it is more a case of deep contemplation rather than hectic activity.
 Me and Bob were sat in the 99p a cup coffee shop. There were two flies running up the window. Bob said “I bet you ten bob the fly on the left hand side gets to the top first.”
“Make it a pound and you’re on,” I replied.
Needless to say, Bob won the bet.
In the summer months we sat outside, watching the world pass by. As the shop was on a main thoroughfare near Boots the chemist, it was always busy.  I was watching as hundreds of people walked by. I recognized so few that I realized just what a small number of people I actually knew.
For Bob it’s like the classic old film, “They Died with Their Boots On” starring Errol Flynn and made in 1939. I’m sure old Bob, when he heads up to heaven, will be clutching a pint in one hand and a betting slip in the other.
During the summer months the coffee shop leaves the doors open. Once I noticed the little sparrows hopping in one by one, I looked under my table. And guess what, one little sparrow was looking at me with its beak open. Waiting for the crumbs off my muffin, so I duly obliged. After they had got their fill, I watched them all hop out of the shop.  
One time his gambling and drinking was particularly heavy. He called into the Building Society at least three times in as many hours. Each time he drew out money, not a surprise then that the staff got fed up with him. According to his own words, they gave him a “mild rebuke”, but how embarrassing to get yourself in that position.
Booze and Bookies, Bob’s deadly sins
All-consuming of his very limited kerching
Locked in a vice with no end in sight
The cycle only broken
When death do part them.
I remember him being so drunk once that he attempted to chat up a young woman. His line was “Hello sweetheart, do you work in that coffee shop love?” Talk about a showing up, then to make matters worse her husband appeared.
“Hey grandad,” he said, “can I have my wife back?” Most humiliating of all, you could see them both laughing as they walked away.
Bob is an acquired taste, but so is arsenic and you wouldn’t want to sprinkle that on your cornflakes every morning. One misplaced soul told me she thought Bob was cute and cuddly. I thought he was about as cuddly as a hedgehog with the runs. As I watched him wobbling sideways, intoxicated, it struck me he could have his own toy doll franchise, with the slogan “Get Yourself a Stretch Bob Doll.”
As good as any toy
You’ll buy in the mall
The more you stretch him, the more he drinks.
You’ll then be able to watch him
Be sick in the sink
So he can show you what happens
When you overindulge
On the demon drink.
I’ve noticed in the last year or two how his alcohol consumption has markedly increased. He says it hasn’t, but it’s being fueled by cheap booze from the Angel pub. Apparently, you can get a city center pint from there for only £1.34. He’ll buy that, but not the cheap booze from supermarkets, in fact he claims he doesn’t drink at home.
He keeps saying to me “I can’t manage on this pension credit chicken feed. I need at least another fifty pounds a week coming in.” He’s got no savings. Brian says he’ll end up in a pauper’s grave.
Actually he is not without ability he won £17,000 on a football bet many years ago, it could have been £30,000. But he dithered for a week or two and some of the prices shortened, now he tends to fritter his money away in piecemeal destruction. Instead of holding back and concentrating on a few stronger bets, even if they only occur a hand full of times a year.
He was looking through the jobs pages of the Evening Post one Thursday, when he said to me, “Oh look at this job for a barrister. It’s not paying much. I thought they were better paid than that.”
“Give me the paper, let’s have a look,” I responded. On closer inspection, it turned out the job was for a Barista.
“Time for some new glasses,” I said, to save him his embarrassment.
He’s started calling me “geezer” recently. He said he picked it up while living down south. So, in retaliation, I joked “What do you call Bob when he’s wearing a suit? The accused! One of my neighbors has been calling me buddy recently, so I suppose you could call me a geezer’s buddy. Although, on the whole, Bob has been a model citizen. His only brush with the law came when he was a teenager. For a laugh, he stole a photo album from Boots, and got caught. What’s more, he had the misfortune to commit his caper on a Friday so the police kept him in the cells until the Magistrate could deal with him the following Monday morning. He got a fine of more than the album’s worth. That was the end of his fledgling criminal career. Thanks to the double whammy he received he learned that crime does not pay.  
“Where are you from, Chuck?” I asked the manager of the coffee shop once.
“Italy,” he replied.
I asked whereabouts.
“You wouldn’t know,” he fired back, “it’s only a small place.”
I pushed him further, and he said “Bari.”
“That’s a town in the south,” I said, “on the Adriatic part of a triangle. Bari, Brindisi and Taranto. The Italian fleet was crippled at Taranto on the night of 11th/12th November 1940 by 21 Sword Fish torpedo bombers operating from the British Aircraft Carrier Illustrious.”
“Yes, you know your history and your geography,” he replied. In fact, he was so impressed he gave me and Bob our coffee for free, he was a fine young gentleman.
There was a young man from Bari
Who we all thought was a little bit barmy
For leaving the sun
And even his dear old mum
To make tea and coffee cor blimey.
There is also a girl in the coffee shop who told me she was from Poland. Gdansk, on the Baltic coast. It was formerly known as Danzig, part of the prewar corridor that separated Germany from East Prussia. The fact that two areas of Germany were physically apart is the excuse Hitler used as a pretext for invading Poland.
There was a young girl from Gdansk
Who led me a merry old dance
By moving so fast
And working so hard
She left me in a bit of a trance.
I must mention some of the friendly staff who work in the Compton library, like Andy and Simon. They both have nice long curly hair, lovely locks. Andy’s looks like a lion main, once I saw Simons hair blowing so vigorously in the wind. It made me so jealous, that I felt like getting a pair of scissors and cutting the lot off. When I was a teenager I cut my hair short, my Mother said. “Oh you have cut all you lovely curls off. The girls go for that because they know their babies will have nice curly hair.” Andy supports Huddersfield Town, who I call Huddersfield Clowns.
There was a young man from Huddersfield Town
Who supported the football team through their ups and downs?
One season wonders in the Premier League
And when they were relegated he started to grieve.
Or perhaps
Andy’s fair team of Huddersfield town
Continue to spiral down and down
Collectively not even worth half a crown
At the bottom end like a cow’s udders
Hence the name Uddersfield town.
Simon is from Trinidad and Tobago.
There was a young man from Trinidad and Tobago
Who every now and then suffered from lumbago.
He worked in the library, reading short stories to kids
Who all affectionately loved him to bits.
Lastly, we have Jackie. She works in the job shop within the library. She reminds me of counsellor Troy in Star Trek, the Next Generation.
Jackie, Jackie Job shop Jackie
Here to help you find a job,
CVs done, cover letters written
By the time she’s finished you’ll be so smitten
With a job in the bag.
While everyone else is having kittens.
One of the librarians is called Sophia. When I see her I always think of the capital of Bulgaria. Another is called Cameron, he makes me think of Cameron Mitchell, star of a 1960’s Western Serial that made such an impression on me. That was the High Chaparral. Somebody told me once that I looked a bit like the rancher’s son, Blue. That was partly because of my deep blue eyes. I told them that flattery would get them everywhere. I was returning a book once and the guy behind the counter was a relief librarian. He was just there for the day. As soon as I saw him I raised my voice and declared “I’ve found Jesus and he's mine.”
“I’ve been called John Lennon,” said the startled man, “but never Jesus.” One of the older librarians burst out laughing. She knew what I meant. I was re-enacting a scene from the 1961 film, “Whistle Down the Wind”, which starred Hayley Mills. It was the little boy in the barn who said those words to an escaped convict played by Alan Bates. It’s a classic of the post war era, and definitely in my top fifty films. Jenny works in the job shop, where obviously you can only look for jobs on the computers, not use them for personal matters. She can sniff out a face book user at 20 yards. When she was on holiday I said. “While the cat is away the face book mice are at play.”
On a Wednesday Bob used to go to the Roundhay pub as they had a special offer of five pounds for a bottle of wine. He got so drunk, he collapsed on the floor, when he came around he went home. But he’d lost his house keys somewhere on route. So, he had to sleep in the porch that night. He’s got respiratory problems, but yet he is still smoking cigars. I said to him once “the Devil will be rubbing his hands and saying come on Bob, carry on like this and I will soon get my hands on you.” Bob said he didn’t believe in all that rubbish. When you go, you go and that’s that, the Doctor keeps telling him to stop smoking, but to no avail.
A mutual friend of me and Bob called Raymond said to me once that Bob is the sort of guy that if you saw him in the street you would cross over the road to avoid him. He really is an unloved and unwanted pensioner. Now Raymond is a very interesting character. He has never set foot into a bookie in his life. When he got his pension credit he sold his car and flat and relocated to Tenerife. Nice, all year round, sunshine. Very low utility bills and you can eat out every night very cheaply. It just goes to show you what can be achieved by keeping out of the bookies and saving your money. Bob said to me quite seriously once. “If I moved to Tenerife do you think the government will pay the rent.” I replied. “Oh I don’t think so Bob, but you can always give them a try.
My father was from Holland, but I never saw a bookie in Holland when I was a teenager. I think they must have had more sense. Mind you, I suppose it is no worse than selling cigarettes or alcohol. Someone asked me for a tip once, my answer was don’t bet in the first place. 
Poor old Bob gambling all his working life. He lives a wretched existence. He has no cooker, fridge, microwave or television, he has been on Pension Credit since July 2012. And all he bought in that time is a new mattress and radio. In fact, I created a new word in the English language to describe him: the WRETCHIDITY of Bob’s life. Sitting there with his shirt hanging out and his shoe laces undone, I called him the dead-end kid of Oakwood. 
His father’s brother emigrated to New Zealand before the war and Bob still kept in touch with them. He always gets a Christmas card and a calendar every year from them. I said to him once, “Do your relatives in New Zealand know what a wretched life you lead?” 
Bob just laughed. “I hope not,” he replied.
He showed me a news paper clipping once of one of his relatives from New Zealand. She was training in Florida to be an Astronaut. Just think Bob relative could have been the first person from New Zealand to go into space. Alas it was not to be, the whole project was cancelled due to the financial crisis.
You are not going to believe this. He sits in the stockbrokers next to the army careers office in Leeds City Centre. There he reads the Financial Times, as though he is a player. He advised me to buy Halford’s shares. He said he thought they would do well over the long term. I bet he hasn’t more than two or three hundred pounds left in the bank.
He liked the girl who worked behind the counter in the bookies. Bob said he thought she looked a bit like Cheryl Crow. In my opinion more like Russell Crowe. As the TV advert says, he should have gone to Specsavers.
 She said to me once, "Where did you dig Bob up from?" 
I replied, “I think he is a little treasure.” 
She said, "I wish you’d left him buried.” 
Another time, I said to her, “Why don’t you have Bob for Christmas dinner?” 
“I’d rather have a turkey." 
Bob said. "I don’t think I like that woman anymore." 
"Never mind Bob,” I replied, “there are plenty more fish in the sea." I used to sing to him, “Bobby, Bobby, Bobby’s in love.” 
In the bookies once, he said. "I haven’t eaten for two days." 
Someone shouted back, "Well force yourself, Bob!" 
Another time, after he had lost a lot of money, he said he was thinking about ending it all.   
I thought to myself, poor old fellow, he deserves a bit of luck. I whispered quietly,
“Horsey, horsey don’t you stop
Cliperty, cliperty, cliperty clop.
Give my friend Bob a winner
For he is always going to be a sinner.
Living life without a hope or a glimmer.
Walt shouted from the back of the room, "I wish you would, Bob, and do us all a favour!" I’m afraid in the bookie you are going to get no sympathy, you are only as good as your last set of results. 
Bob might do his best, but he is mad, bad and very dangerous to know. He was born in a barn, raised in a cave, boozing and gambling is all that he craves. Oh he can be a very cruel man. A big guy in the bookie who had been on benefits for many years, passed away suddenly from a heart attack. Do you know what Bob said, well he didn’t die from over work did he? Preah in Emmerdale has got a bad back, Bob is the sort of guy who would say, Give us a piggy back love.  
Walt has a shiny, bald head and black teeth. They were all lined up like little black dominoes ready for action. I always remember the highest mainline railway station in England has something to do with the back of Walt’s head… Dent, on the Carlisle to Settle line, because of the dent in the back of Walt’s head.
 	Bob shouted back, "What hair shampoo do you use, Walt? Wash and go? Every time you wash, a bit more hair goes." 
Walt replied. "Yes Bob, it’s like your money… here today and gone tomorrow.” 
It’s a tough life in the bookie, no place for the faint hearted. 
I remember my first big win on the virtual racing. It was called Wonky Donkey, and it came in at 20-1. I had £5 on it. But as fast as I made money for my friends, so they spent it. I had been hoarding my share, putting it into a safety deposit box. Then, once a month, I would buy a gold coin, and add this to my collection. The bookies is one place where I am a somebody. A place where even the teenagers call you Mister, and ask if I want anything from Greggs. 
I took up the offer once. “Get me and Bob a steak slice and a can of diet coke each,” I asked. But the young man frowned at Bob, and called him an ugly little old troll. Bob said if he was twenty years younger he would take the teenager out and give him an ugly face.
“In your dreams, grandad,” had come the response.
Walt asked me once if I liked opera. I said, “I watch that Oprah Winfrey on TV.” Needless to say, Walt was not amused. He worked in tailoring, once in the car park he told me to raise my arms. I thought he was going too pat me down like they do at the airport. Actually, he was measuring me up for a suit, he also worked as a traveling salesman.  
I used to go to pub quizzes with Walt and a couple of his friends, once we were in the Hope Inn on York Road, collectively I call them the Barder Minehoff Gang. The quiz master at the Hope Inn reminds me of a weasel. He just looks the part, very slippery and sly. He called people who played “Take a parters”. Once he tried to con us out of the jackpot on a technicality, Walt was mad. He just stood up and called him a cheat. Anyway, it went to the landlord for adjudication, and he awarded us the winnings after all. 
“I bet he’d like to take you apart bit by bit,” I said to Walt later, eyeing the quiz master.
“Do I look worried, John?” came Walt’s reply.
 Once Walt was arguing with a guy and called him semi-illiterate. 
The guy then stood up. “Don’t you call me semi–illiterate; I am totally illiterate.” 
I swear that is exactly how it happened. 
 Walt brought his neighbor’s son Dick with him on one occasion. Apparently, he didn’t get out much and Walt offered to bring him along. I’m not kidding you he looked like the Tiger Tank Commander from the film Kelly’s Heroes. Clint Eastwood and his gang had to give him and his crew a cut of the gold bullion after a protracted fire fight resulted in a stalemate. After we had got the drinks in and settled, Dick asked me:
“Do you play a lot of quizzes? Do you win every week? Do you share?”
“Yes, with those people who make a contribution,” I replied. 
I’m not sure Dick was all there, as Bob would say, I think he was a sandwich short of a picnic.
If I got the question that got us over the wining line. I would sing. You would have lost last night if it had been anyone else but me, anyone else but me.
Walt wife joy is so skinny she reminded me of olive oil out of Popeye, she always seemed to have a cigarette hanging out of the side of her mouth. I always wondered if she went to bed with a cig in her mouth. When we were sat around the table I would point at each of them in turn and sing. “Pugh Pugh Barney Magrew Cuthbert Dibble Grub.” Joy would always say. “I don’t want to be Grub,” Jim reminded me of Joe 90 because of his spectacles. On occasion he stutters, so I call him machine gun Kelly. And then there was Ken he looks like Clark Gable, he worked next door to the Hope Inn at Great Cloths, on the sales team. His son in law has a car dealership on the Isle of Wight, he looks like the actor William Devine. Ken was a club singer in his spare evening time. In October 1962 he met Tom Jones before he was famous, they were on the same bill at the Pegasus Pub in London. He was so precise because the Cuban Missile crisis was dominating the news. I think the Americans went to a Defcon Two the closest they ever came to all-out war with Russia. I know our Vulcan bombers were ready to take off at only four minutes notice, just enough time to get airborne if Russia launched a first strike. Our job was to take out the Radar and missile installations in Poland and western Russia. The American B.52s would then have swept in and destroyed 80 Russian cities, Yes he was a very wise man Mister Khrushchev. Although as a face saver America said we will take our missiles out of Turkey, if you take yours out of Cuba. Many years later I saw the retired Russian General who had been responsible for choosing the targets that would have been attacked in America if war had broken out. He said New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago would have gone, but not many more. As Russia did not have many strategical missiles capable of hitting America, maybe only as few as eight. They would still have had at least a recognizable society left intact. Although I think Britain and Western Europe would have come off badly, I’m glad I was far too young to remember the crisis. I call Ken pretty boy Floyd, I am baby face Nelson, and Walt and Joy are Bonny and Clyde. I remember once, the jackpot question for £100 was, what planet was zig and zag from. I put Mars, the answer was zog, what a Mickey Mouse question for all that money.     
The landlord of the Hope used to make me laugh. His tag line was “Great, smashing, super.” He’d say that whatever you said to him. I thought of telling him one day that my best friend had passed. I wondered whether the tag line would come out then.
Oh, and that just reminded me of the time I was at a friend’s house with Alan and his wife, Linda. She asked me to go to the shop and gave me a list. On closer examination, one of the items listed was mag. 
“What’s this?” I said. “Do you want the television magazine?”
She had a look at the list. “No,” she said, “that’s margarine.” 
Another item on the list said tuff puss. 
I said, “What’s this you want, Linda, love?” She said that was toothpaste. Oh dear. 
Alan said she wasn’t the brightest spark but she was good in the bedroom. 
“Well,” I replied, “as long as you are happy, Alan, that’s the main thing.” 
Now talking about people not being very bright, I have to mention Ken Barlow’s son Daniel out of Coronation Street his wife, Sinead. She stopped her hospital treatment and started taking herbal medication. But she had a very serious illness, and it ended up in heaven. I felt so guilty because of the stick I gave her. I decided to make it my purpose in life to stand up for her if anybody spoke against her. 
That included Daniel, who started dating another girl before she had even gone cold. I sent him a letter telling him exactly what I thought of his actions. Sinead deserved more respect.
Bob once said to me, “If you get a big win, I will be your best friend.” 
Dave said, "Tell him you don’t want any friends.” 
“I don’t know where all my money is going,” Bob remarked. 
I said, “Do you think it’s got anything to do with the fact that you’re sat in the bookies all day?” 
He said he would have to cut down.
“Yes,” I said “and pigs might grow wings and start to fly.” He might as well have been married to the bookies. Could you imagine the ceremony? ‘Do you, The Bookies, take thee, Bob, for every penny he has got? To have and to hold from this day forth until death us do part?” He would be the only man in the English divorce court to have the bookies named as the third party by his ex-wife for mental cruelty, I don’t think he was that bothered. He said she did nothing but nag him especially in the latter years. He told me they had to get married because she was having a baby, so it was a shotgun wedding. If he had known how things were going to turn out he would have told his father in law to use the shotgun on him – put him out of a life time of misery.
Somebody told me that when Bob took his new born baby out for a walk he used to leave the pushchair outside the bookies while he put his bets on. He was walking the baby in the pram once with his wife and somebody said to his wife, “Oh, that’s a nice baby; he’s got your husband’s nose.” 
“Yes,” she replied, “but he’s got his father’s eyes.”  Oh dear.
When the little boy, Bob junior, was a little older, the school teacher told the children to draw a picture of their fathers at work. Bob junior drew a picture of his dad in the bookies with him sitting outside, waiting for his dad to come out. He certainly did not get the gambling habit from his parents. In fact his parents did not drink smoke or gamble, his mother was a lab technician. She was the church organist, I kid you not. She met Alexander Fleming, the man who discovered penicillin, in 1928. His father was a skilled aircraft worker who, during World War Two, worked on the Halifax Bomber production line. Me and Bob would have been no good during the war. We would have been a pair of D-Day dodgers. Spivs working the black market for profit. I could just imagine Bob as a bootlegger in 1920s prohibition America, running a Speakeasy or an illicit gambling den. He’d smoke a fat cigar and hold a Tommy gun to keep his minions and rivals in order.
The guy responsible for his decline was Woody, who Bob met in 1966 when he got his first job at a tailoring factory called Benjamin Simon. In their dinner hour, Woody took Bob to the bookies and that was how it all started. Oh yes, Woody has a lot to answer for. I reckoned he could have spent as much as one hundred thousand pounds on gambling… well, you add it up. Say forty pounds a week for a year – that was about two thousand pounds a year. Multiply that by nearly fifty years and that was how I got my total. On pressing him, he did admit to about thirty thousand pounds in that time.
“Surely I couldn’t have spent that much on gambling,” he protested. 
He told me he nearly applied for a job as a night watchman on a building site. The first part of the advert said that no experience was necessary. Fair enough, thought Bob to himself. But then came the killer line…” Bring your own dog…” Nowhere else but the UK in the sixties would you find such an advert. Yes, it’s that sort of eccentricity that makes Britain unique.
When he lived in Watford he could have bought his flat under the Right to Buy scheme for twenty thousand pounds. He thought it would now be worth a hundred and seventy five thousand pounds plus; now that would have been a better investment than the bookies
He lives in a nice area of Leeds called Oakwood, in privately rented accommodation.  He once he said to me that if he had a portfolio of properties he would have nice young ladies as tenants. When it came to collecting the rent, if one of them said, ‘Oh I’m sorry, Bob, I can’t afford to pay the rent this month, Bob would say, ’Well, love, the rent will have to be paid for one way or another.’ You can guess what he meant, the dirty old sod. 
He lives in a flat in the same complex as Mr. Bieber. He killed a police officer on Boxing Day 2003. Now he is serving his sentence in Wakefield maximum security prison, after which he will deported back to America Bob snapped at him once, and told him to keep the noise down. Good job he didn’t catch him on a bad day, or poor old Bob might not be here now. Bob said Mr. Bieber had been in the U.S Marines, he thought it was his army training kicking in when he was confronted. I know they said on the T.V that he took steroids, I think that also had something to do with it. Apparently, they make you bad tempered and they can change your personality, just goes to show, you never really know who is living next door.
Bob told me once he went on a cruise to Norway. It was so expensive, he ran out of money and had to go to the British Embassy to borrow some to tide him over. The person who dealt with him at the Embassy was a real battle axe. She read him the riot act. Don’t let it happen again. She was not amused. Well, how embarrassing was that! Talking about embarrassing moments, I was in Leeds city centre with him once. He asked me to go into the bank with him and change a one Euro coin he had into English money. After we’d stood in line for over ten minutes, the bank teller said, “I am sorry, sir, we only change notes back into English currency.” Talk about embarrassing. 
Another time, he went on a coach trip to North America and was staying overnight in a Canadian hotel. He decided to go for a long walk to take in the breath taking scenery of the Rockies and surrounding countryside. 
On his way back to the hotel, a car pulled up and the occupant said, “Hop in; I will give you a lift back to the hotel.” 
“No thanks,” Bob replied. “I’m just stretching my legs and taking in the scenery.” 
“Oh no,” the guy said, “there have been some attacks by bears on the tourists recently. You’d better get in.” 
At that very moment, a ferocious growl emanated from the direction of the nearby forest. You could see the under growth moving Bob needed no further encouragement – that was the quickest he had ever jumped into a motor vehicle. He firmly locked the door behind him, not wishing to end up as a meal for a grizzly bear. Mind you, he was only a little bloke and would only have made a small snack. After that, he stayed firmly in the hotel grounds until it was time to move on to his next destination. On the same road trip he told me there was a shooting on his first night in San Francisco, the police were everywhere. 
Talking about grizzly experiences I remember once as I entered Blackpool by train. I noticed a very large Teddy Bear hanging from a telegraph pole. Its tongue protruded from the right-hand side of its mouth. Around its neck, a sign read “You’re Next!” What a welcome to the resort. Things did not improve that first night. I thought I would treat myself to Kentucky Fried Chicken. The full works – two pieces with fries, coleslaw and beans. A diet coke to wash it all down. On the way back to my boarding house I had to walk past one of the many nightclubs that litter the area to the rear of the main seafront. What a commotion. Drunk and disorderly revelers, mostly teenagers, were rioting. Then, just in the nick of time, the police arrived and quickly restored order.
I watched intently as the police overpowered the young louts. They literally threw them into the back of Black Mariah. No wonder the resort garnered a reputation for rowdiness.
At one time, Bob was a delivery driver in London.  While living there he really lived his dream. You could eat out somewhere different every night. Then see a film or a show in the West End. As the saying goes, when a man is tied of London he is tired of life. He said he had the “London look”, but it was more like the drunken look.
A favorite past time of his was frequenting the London dog tracks, of which there were quite a few. I think there are only one or two left now in the capital. One evening he was watching the racing trackside. Minding his own business, of course, as you do. Then during one particular race, the guy standing next to him opened a sack and pulled out a rabbit. He threw it in front of the approaching dogs. The poor creature was savaged. Somebody for betting purposes clearly wanted that race voided.
He had only just started working for a new firm so he was unfamiliar with the routes. He was very late on a delivery to the Hard Rock Café, so the manager told him off. Now, all Bob had to do was say he was sorry, he was new to the firm, there was heavy traffic and it wouldn’t happen again. But not Bob, I’m afraid. Contrition was not in his vocabulary. He started swearing at the manager and told him where to get off in no uncertain terms. On his arrival back at the depot, the boss was waiting for him. 
“Sorry, Bob,” he said, “but you’re fired. We’ve had a complaint from the manager of the Hard Rock Café. Here’s your money; you know the way out”.
He said once he was head hunted for a particular job. I thought to myself the only time he would get head hunted is by the Pygmies. 
When he was 41 he got fired for threatening his boss, I think he must have been black listed because for the next 20 years he never worked again. He said at one stage he got so desperate, he even considered selling his body. Could you imagine Bob on the batter, oh dear God almighty it doesn’t even bear thinking about. Anyway, he ended up coming back to Leeds in 2000, because he knew it was cheaper to live in Leeds than London. When he was being processed for his pension credit at the age of 61. You’ll never guess what he said to the administrator during the process. “Do I get a gold watch for my 20 years’ service”? And the funny thing is I think he meant it, it’s only the best for Bob.  
He really is a rebel without a cause. I have to admire him though, at least he struck out on his own. I think he was only 19 in 1970 when he moved to the big city – London. There to make his fortune. Unlike my friend, Mick who at the tender age of 48 was still to travel outside his home town. 
“What’s the big attraction of Leeds?” I asked him once.
“I was born here,” Mick replied. I snapped back at him in my most sarcastic voice:
“You’re going to die here, Mick.”
 Bob said to me, “I could do with another hundred pounds a week coming in.”
“If you kept out of the bookies,” I told him, “and the Whitlock’s pub at £3.60 a pint, you would be a hundred pounds a week better off.”
“I think you’ve got a point there, Johnny boy,” he replied.
 Could you imagine me and Bob on the Apprentice? If Bob got fired he’d tell Lord Sugar where to get off, or worse thump him. I would be subtler, when I got fired I would say. “Thanks for the opportunity, Lord Vader,”  
“Get out, you cheeky sod,” would come the reply.
Once when Bob was drunk I told him I wouldn’t be knocking around with no-hopers like him for much longer. He just burst out laughing. Something I noticed when I was sat in the pub with him., he would talk to himself. He would then do the front crawl with his arms, saying “The tide’s coming in, the tide’s coming in.” Even worse, sometimes he’d stare at the ladies for prolonged periods. I prayed their gentleman partners didn’t notice. Mercifully, so far, they haven’t. He’s been lucky.
The guy sitting on the other side of me in the bookies is Brian, who I called the Billy Dainty look-alike. What a nice full head of white hair he has. One time he took off his shoes and socks, rolled up his trouser legs and showed me his bad feet and legs. 
I said, "Oh, Brian, you want to get to the Doctor’s with those feet. You don’t want to have them amputated, do you?"  
"I’m not bothered if they take them off,” he replied. “I’ll get more money on my pension." 
Bob said Brian wasn’t the sharpest tool in the box.
He said to me once he thought that when he was a young man he looked like Channing Tatum. In his dreams. He was more like Tatum O’Neill.
The doctor came to his house once when I was there.
“Are you an angel?” I asked.
She looked confused.
“Well, you’re a doctor, and in my book this makes you an angel of mercy.”
“I never thought about it like that,” she admitted.
Meanwhile, Brian got to his feet and started to undress.
“Shall I take my clothes off and lie down on the bed, doctor?” he asked.
“No just sit down and roll up your sleeve,” she said. A doctor visiting Brian did so at their own peril. Seeing Brian, she really went where even the Angeles feared to tread.
 Brian is seventy-five years old, I remember because he recently got his free T.V licence. But he didn’t look it, he had kept his age well. He told me he had a fiancée and showed me a picture of her on his mobile phone. She looked quite a bit younger than him. 
“She’ll look after me in my old age,” he said. 
“Look after your money, more like,” I told him. “There’s more chance of me getting hitched to Beyoncé than you getting a fiancé.” It’s a true saying there is no fool like an old fool. Still, it would be a very dull world if we were all the same. 
I remember he once asked me to buy him a fish from the fish and chip shop. I brought it back to the bookies for him and after paying me, he asked me to unwrap it for him. 
“Oh, Brian that’s bad,” I told him. “You are a lazy old boy. Do you want me to put it in your mouth as well? What did your last slave die of?” In fact, he is so lazy now, he won’t even turn the television to another channel because it is too much like hard work for him. 
He gave me a horse racing tip once. It was called Tiber Tiger and guess where it came? Yes, you guessed it, plum last. 
I said, “Brian, I would have been better off backing Tiger Woods to win the race. I think he would have finished further up the field than that donkey you told me.” When he was a young man he told me he had a trial for Aston Villa Football club. He said he played like Mason Mount, I thought more like Peggy Mount. 
Now my day of mischief in the bookies was over and it was time for me to leave. Little did I know it was to be my last visit. I was now looking forward to tomorrow as I was going fishing to a nice well-stocked lake in Church Fenton.

Three

As I drove along the country road to Church Fenton, a place I had been visiting since I was a teenager, l could not have imagined how my life was about to change from that day on. After arriving early, I picked my spot, setting up my fishing tackle in double quick time, hoping to catch some of those large Tench that resided in the lake. I sat and waited patiently, but as so often in the past, they were not biting. They had outwitted me once again. They must have seen me coming, and said, "Here’s John, no thank you." 
I was so bored I decided to go for a walk to pass the time and get some exercise. I could see a derelict house in the distance so I thought I would aim for that and then make my way back in the hope the fish would be biting by the time I returned. 
Reaching the house, it was a lot bigger than I had imagined. As I stood in front of the imposing structure I wondered who had lived there in the past and what stories the house would tell if it could speak. There was no longer a door, so out of curiosity I walked into the hallway, very narrow and dingy. Then I entered the main living room. Oh, what a sight! I could tell it had not been lived in for a very long time. I had seen worse before, but not since I was a teenager. The carpet was so worn, it was as bald as Walt’s head. The walls were bare, neither papered nor painted. Somebody had written ROB in big letters on one of the walls. Something drew my gaze to the floor and when I looked down I could see dozens of woodlice running around my feet. Instinctively I started stamping on them to thin their numbers out. The horrible things sent a shiver down my spine and then in all the mayhem, the floor gave way and I went crashing down into the cellar. It seemed as though the whole world was suddenly caving in on me. I couldn’t see a thing for all the dust and to make matters worse, it was getting down my throat. 
As the dust settled, I could see just how lucky I had been, for I had landed on an old sofa which had broken my fall. So apart from my wounded pride because the woodlice had got the better of me, I was alright. When I regained my composure my first thought was to get out of the cellar so I made my way up the steps. The entrance had been sealed up with plasterboard so I had to give it a few robust kicks before it gave way. 
Now back on the ground floor, I was just about to make my way out of the building after my lucky escape and then I paused. My curiosity was aroused once more and I decided to go back down into the cellar to see if I could find anything of value. 
I had a good rummage around down there, but to no avail and I was just about to call it a day and throw the towel in when I noticed a locker in the corner. I tried the door and it opened first time. All I could see was one solitary item occupying one of the shelves. I grabbed it to get a better look and on closer examination it reminded me of a smaller version of a Lonsdale belt that was awarded to boxing champions. I closed the locker door and made my way over to the sofa which had softened my landing when I fell through the ceiling. I then sat down to further investigate my new find in the hope I had found something of value. I didn’t know what to make of it, but no way was it a Lonsdale belt. There were strange patterns on the buckle, with a small white lens in the middle of it. 
I was just about to get up and make my way back to the lake when a voice said “Hello”, startling me. It seemed to be originating from the buckle part of the belt. I immediately dropped the belt on the floor, though I was sure I must have imagined it. But then the same voice said hello again. After hesitating for a moment, I picked up the belt, reaching the conclusion that it must be some sort of interactive device. One of the locals had told me an inventor had lived there in the past so that was my logical conclusion to the situation I found myself in. 
When the voice said hello for the third time, I decided to reply. 
“Hello,” I said, “what sort of interactive device are you?” 
“I am the Guardianship. What is your name?” 
“My name is John.” 
“From this moment on you are now Guardian John of the Guardianship.” 
I thought I would humour it. “What, does that entitle me to free entry to Blackpool pleasure beach?” 
“No, but I can Transport you to any part of the Galaxy. Just tell me where you would like to go and I will Transport you there. Just stand up and put the belt on.” 
I immediately stood up, fastening the belt around my waist. I had never come across anything like the fastening mechanism before, it just sort of moulded together as I clipped it on. 
“I’m ready,” I said. “Transport me to the nicest place I have ever been to… St Peter’s beach on the island of Barbados in the West Indies.” 
And so it turned out. A strong white light began to emanate from the lens on the belt buckle to a distance of about six to eight feet in front of me. The light then formed into a rotating white disc which increased in size until it was large enough for a man to step through. 
At that stage the voice said, “Step through now, John.” 
With some trepidation I walked forward a few paces until I reached the disc. The light was so bright it was almost blinding. I hesitated momentarily and then I gingerly stepped into the light, expecting to walk straight through it, with my feet still touching the cellar floor. But to my utter astonishment, after clearing the blinding light I stepped out onto a white, sandy beach which I instantly recognised as St Peter’s. 
It was a beautiful, cloudless, sunny day, with the shoreline in front of me, palm trees behind me, and lots of tiny crabs making a run for it as if their life depended on it.  They shot down their little burrows in quick succession, one by one, seemingly never to be seen again until the all-clear had been sounded. As all this was transpiring, the white disc behind me vanished almost instantaneously as I continued to marvel at the sight that confronted me. It must have been early morning; the sun was low and I had the beach completely to myself apart from the odd seagull weaving its way around the endless expanse of clear blue sky, always on the lookout for an easy feeding opportunity. It was all such a lot for me to take in. Was I dreaming? Had I passed out when I crashed through the cellar floor? Would I wake up soon, returning back to reality? Who knew what was about to happen? I certainly didn’t. Well, there was no contest, it would be back to where I had come from. I immediately instructed the Guardianship to Transport me back to the cellar in Church Fenton, which it did, in the same way that I had come and in double quick time. 
On arriving back in the cellar and after a little bit of a struggle, not being used to the mechanism, I removed the belt and tossed it on the floor. I then proceeded to lie on the sofa in the hope that I would wake up from my extended dream. Alas, it was not to be. This was reality; this was the situation I now found myself in. Now I always thought I was a logical, analytical person. I knew this sort of technology could not have been constructed on Earth, so I wanted answers and fast. I grabbed the belt, placing it next to me, and then I started my interrogation. 
“Alright,” I said in a very harsh, uncompromising tone, “who created you and how did you get here? Spill, or I will banish you to the crusher in the scrap yard from which there will be no return.” 
In a calm, collected voice, completely opposite to my sharp tones, he replied, “I was created by a people called the Great Kultarn who ruled the galaxy many thousands of years ago. They left me here. I know not why; all I can say for sure is that the Kultarn laid the foundation for every civilization in the Galaxy today, all created in their image.” 
It was quite a lot for a simple old soul like me to grasp all in one go. While I was in the process of taking all this information in, I noticed my keys, watch and coins on the floor at the point where I had stepped through the portal. I proceeded to pick them up and reunite it with my person.
After sitting down again, I asked the Guardianship, “Why did those items not make the journey with me through the portal?” 
He replied that no metallic or mechanical objects could be Transported. Also, it will not transport any organic components like explosives. I would be the only living creature allowed through the portal.
“You can only Transport things like fabric, such as clothing. Everything else will be left behind at the entrance to the portal.” 
So that was that. I had been told. 
“Now then,” I said, “seeing that in my infinite wisdom I have decided to keep you, can I call you something other than the Guardianship?” 
“Of course, you can, John. You can call me any name you desire.” 
“I will keep it short then,” I replied. “From now on, you will be known as Kev, after Kevin Addy one of my old friends from Cross Green comprehensive school. He was very brainy, always top of the class, especially at maths, who we took with Mr Gambia so I thought the name would suit you.” 
“As you wish, John.” 
“Right, back to sleep for you,” I said, flinging Kev over my shoulder and then making my way up the cellar steps, out of the house and back to the lake to collect my fishing tackle. 
Would you believe it? While I had been away, the crafty fish had stolen the bait off my hook! I could just imagine them chuckling to themselves, as in disgust I packed up all my fishing tackle and put it in the boot of my car. Then I drove off… within the speed limit of course, even though I was so excited at my new find and wanted to get home as quickly as possible, all the time contemplating how I could exploit my new companion to good, but more importantly, profitable, use. 
On arriving home, I tried to keep to my normal routine. If nothing else, I am a creature of habit; if a hitman were after me he would find it very easy to accomplish his task, helped by the way I repetitively keep to the same set routines. I like nice, predictable historical and geographical patterns. After all, those were my two best subjects at school. Not easy subjects to make a living out of though, unless you want to teach those subjects, which certainly didn’t appeal to me. That was how I met Bob in the bookies in 2008; I thought I had stumbled on an historical pattern in soccer’s champions’ league competition that I could possibly exploit for profitable use. Like most discoveries, it came about purely by accident. 
The year before, when Manchester United and Chelsea contested the final, a friend called Allan asked me who he should back to win the final. I told him to back Manchester United. I seemed to notice over the years that it tended to be the usual suspects that won and Chelsea had not won the competition before. Anyway, Manchester United won, as predicted, though it went all the way to extra time and penalties. Still, a win is a win and a few pounds found its way into Allan’s pocket as well, courtesy of the bookies. It was only when I got home that evening that I started to do some more in-depth research on the subject. 
As it stands at the moment, for 25 out of the last 27 years the winner has turned out to be a team that has won the competition before. Not a bad starting point. Usually about 10 to 12 of the 36 teams that start the competition have won it before. That was far too many, so I had to look for ways of narrowing it down even further. The first thing I spotted was, never go for the team that won it the year before. It has been 25 years now since a team achieved that – AC Milan, who won the competition in 1989 and 1990. Next, never go for a team from the same country that won it the year before, because it has been over 30 years since two different teams from the same country won it in consecutive years. That was Liverpool in 1981, then Aston villa in 1982. I cannot see the likes of Celtic, Ajax or Porto winning now, and they are too small in financial resources, lacking the critical mass to compete with the big boys. It seems to be rotating between the big clubs from four countries: Spain, Italy, Germany, and England. Get the sequence right and you are in the money. After modest success in 2009 when Barcelona won, because they were a short price, the formula really came into its own the following year, 2010. It came down to four teams, Inter Milan and AC Milan of Italy and Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund of Germany, all of them outsiders. Would you believe that Inter Milan at 14/1 and Bayern Munich at 18/1 actually contested the final, with Inter Milan going on to win? It’s a nice feeling when you have cracked a code. I had modest winnings in 2011; I think Barcelona won it again. In 2012, Chelsea won it for the first time by beating one of my teams, Bayern Munich, in the final, but I had Bayern Munich at 22/1 before the competition started. So, I was able to back Chelsea in the final to cover myself. I did not make a great deal of profit, but as Walt used to say, half of something is better than all of nothing. Just goes to show you though, the formula is not set in stone; you do find exceptions to the rule every now and then. The following year, 2013, I got two teams in the final again, Bayern Munich at 12/1 and Borussia Dortmund at 33/1. Bayern Munich went on to win. In 2014, I got Real Madrid in the final; they went on to beat Atletico Madrid. Another thing that caught my eye that year was that the last three times a German team had won the competition, the following year it had not only been a Spanish team that won, but it had also been Real Madrid that won. 
The football world cup has been a competition I have had some good successes in as well. The key to it is geography, especially when it is held in Europe. It is usually won by one of the big European powers, in particular Germany, Italy or France. Only once has a South American team won in Europe – Brazil in the Swedish tournament back in 1958, and only once has a European team won in the Americas that was Germany in 2014 in Brazil. 
So, came 2018 and Russia, it had to be a European team. Italy did not even make the finals, Germany did not look anything like good enough to win two trophies in a row. Brazil did that in ‘58 and again in 1962, but nobody else in the post war era. 
I decided to advise my friends to back two teams – Spain as a replacement for Italy, and France. The last time the finals had been held in Europe were in 2006, when all three of my teams reached the semifinals. Then, come the big one, I had France at 14-1 and Italy at 10-1. It is a nice feeling to have two teams in the final. Needless to say, I found a lot of new friends around this time. But 2018 turned out to be a funny old tournament, although I got the end result correct. Germany were knocked out at the group stage – the first time since 1938. And England reached the semifinals, albeit with disappointment at losing out to Croatia, a country with a population of just four million. 
Of what I consider the big five teams, the three European ones and the two from South America, only France made the last four. So, to me, it was obvious who were going to come out winners. Belgium and Croatia were the other two semifinalists alongside England and France. What about them? The problem is, neither Croatia nor Belgium had won the competition before, and first-time champions tend to win on home soil. In recent times only Spain have ever bucked that trend. That was in South Africa, a neutral venue in effect. Added to that, the class of France stood out. My only worry was that they had only won on home soil, still that apart they were streets ahead of the other three. 
I already had France from the outset, but now I thought a second flutter was worthwhile, and got a fair price. I advised my friends to do the same, and we watched the games on a big screen in Leeds at Millennium square. It was all too easy, with France winning both their remaining matches with ease, particularly the final.
Now what about the world cup in 2022, It will be held in the neutral location of Qatar in the middle east in mid-November, I am sure it will be a team that has won it before. If you look at the winning sequence since 2006 it reads, Italy Spain Germany France. It makes me think that Brazil or Argentina are due for a win, of course I cannot prove it. You can currently get them at the price of six to one and twelve to one respectively. So you could have split stakes and back them both, and hopefully still get a good return on your investment. One of my neighbors is talking about backing Mexico as an outsider at a big price, an absolute waste of time as far as I am concerned. He might as well throw the money down the drain, there is no historical evidence to support his course of action. Theoretically you could back them to reach the last four, but even then, it is still at best a long shot. In fact, I said to him if Mexico wins the tournament, I will eat your hat, just put a sprinkling of salt and pepper on before I devour it. Even when the competition was held in Mexico in 1970 and 1986, they failed to make any meaningful impression on the proceedings. He would be better off backing one of the big four European powers that I have mentioned above. 
But sport is not just about Geography, it is about History as well. I am often asked how a little country like that of my father, the Netherlands, can do better than a big nation like England, as they usually do when it comes to football. My answer is always the same. Working class kids in Holland, France, Germany are better educated than our working-class kids here in Britain. 
Their kids do not leave school at 16 with virtually no qualifications. Their education goes on a lot longer than ours, you are often in your early twenties by the time you get a proper job in Holland. So our young men lack the education to follow a complex battle plan, and are not as quick on the uptake as many foreign guys. Combine that with the fact that there is no conscription in England. I remember as a teenager my father saying that Britain abolishing conscription was the biggest mistake it ever made. I used to say he was talking a lot of rubbish, but God Bless his soul I know now he was right. He served six years in the Dutch marines, and learned team work, discipline and fitness.
Look at Germany, a county with a fifty per cent bigger population than ours. They have retained conscription, and their crime rate is half of ours. Bob agrees with me about conscription, but thinks I am wrong with my assessment of education here. Still, there has been long term decline since the seventies, and that does suggest some structural problems here. I suppose you have to make your own mind up, though.

Four

After locking up, showering and getting changed into my pyjamas, I fed and watered my pet cat, Felix, who continued to get under my feet during the feeding process, causing me to trip over him or, worse still, tread on him causing him to shriek loudly in anger. All was quickly forgotten as the goodies were piled on to his plate, Felix making short work of the rations, as if he had not eaten for a week. I called him Felix because the first tin of food I bought him was also called Felix. Once the cheeky little monkey actually brought one of his girlfriend’s home. I told the pair of them “Go on, get out, I don’t want a whole stack of kittens running around my house.” They scurried out of the premises as fast as their little paws could carry them. 
Before I got Felix, I was watching TV one night. I had to take a tablet so I left it on the floor since I way lying on the couch. I went into the kitchen to get a glass of water, when I returned a spider was trying to steal the tablet, it must have been the sugary coating that attracted it. 
Feeding job completed, I made my way to the living room, turned the TV on, the lights off and then got wrapped up on the sofa to watch Emmerdale and Coronation Street. I know it’s a sad life when you’re looking forward to the soaps. Still, everybody to their own. Did you see Vinny getting beaten up by his dad? He really tore into him, just shows what gambling can do to you. I hope Bob is taking note. Have you noticed that each new young actor or actress is to a large extent just a younger version of an older one? Take Katie in Coronation Street, Owen’s youngest daughter. Well, to me she looks like a younger Natalie Portman. The Bronco stop Cough medicine advert has the woman who has purple hair. She steps out of the advertising poster at the bus stop. I think she looks like Nicole Kidman. I suppose all future stars have to start somewhere.
The woman who arranges the letters on Countdown looks like Bernice from Emmerdale.
 There’s that TUI advert about the mother and daughter on holiday. The daughter isn’t enjoying it at first, but she looks like a young Scarlet Johansson. Or the guy in the lead part of the kitchen roll advert who is dressed up like a Mexican dancer; he looks like Nicholas Cage. In fact, the first time I saw the advert I thought it was him and it was only on closer examination I realised it wasn’t. Then there’s the nice young lady who does that Trivago Hotel room advert. Oh, I was wracking my brain for ages and then it came to me. She looks like Foxy Knoxy. That is Amanda Knox – she was the one supposedly involved in the passing away of Leeds University student Meredith Kercher in Italy – Perugia, I think. She and Raffaele Sollecito, her boyfriend and a restaurant worker – I can’t remember his name – were convicted. There was a lengthy appeal, and Miss Knox and the boyfriend were acquitted. She went back to her home in the US.
Funny old world, isn’t it? I have also noticed how those two soap operas’ story lines tend to copy each other. Wouldn’t you think that independently they could come up with some original ideas instead of constantly shadowing each other’s story lines? Still, I enjoy them; I have been watching both shows for quite a few years. In fact, in the autumn of 1972 Emmerdale was on in the afternoon, so I used to skip school to go and watch it back home. 
Just as I was getting comfortable, who should make an appearance but Felix, jumping up on to my lap and making himself at home, purring all the while I continued to stroke him as I watched the TV. Felix has been a good companion to me. I got him from the naughty cat’s home. The girls who worked there said he was the only cat they had ever put on lockdown, because he used to bully the other cats. He is big for a domestic cat. The girls also told me that he bites people he doesn’t like. He has never bitten me, though. I think he knows which side his bread is buttered on, and I would send him back to the cat’s home if he did. They also told me he was clever, being able to open windows and doors. He did meet his match though, when I first got him. There was a big, feral ginger cat raiding the dustbins for food. A big, ugly thing it was, with cuts and bruises on its face from all the fighting it had been involved in. Felix took him on to defend his territory, but he came off worse every time. He once hit Felix so hard he knocked one of his teeth out. This went on for two or three months, until one night I heard the wild cat rummaging in my dustbin, I thought that was my chance to get even with him. I dashed outside as quickly and as quietly as possible and then picked up the dustbin lid and firmly put it back on the dustbin. The wild cat went mad, furiously trying to push his way out. I had a job to keep the lid secure, but eventually he tired. I had won the battle. I then took the entire bin with the cat inside, placed it in the boot of my car and drove to a nearby village called Methley, one of my old fishing haunts, where I released him. Out he sprang like a whippet, no doubt extremely pleased at regaining his freedom, as he disappeared into the hedgerow, never to be seen by me or Felix again. 
I do spoil him, though. I know this to be true because early one morning while I was still in bed, he managed to open the kitchen door and made his way to my bedroom.  Once there, he frenziedly scratched the bottom of the door to attract my attention. I immediately got up, opened the door and said “What do you want, you little scamp?” Of course, I thought he was desperate to go outside. Not so; he went straight back into the kitchen. Then I concluded his plate must be empty and he wanted fresh rations. Well, I was partially right. The cheeky little monkey had some food left on the plate, but he was not satisfied with that, he wanted something better. Oh, I gave him some harsh words and then I kicked him out of the house until well into the afternoon to show my displeasure. When I finally let him back in, he knew he had done wrong, holding his head down and tail between his legs. I called him the dead-end cat of Leeds. Not that he is fat and lazy like some cats; he is still nimble on his feet and quite capable of catching his fair share of mice and birds. One summer I was sitting on the sun lounger in the back garden, minding my own business and starting to nod off when that abruptly came to an end. A guy a couple of doors down from me had a racing greyhound. A very swift mover, he normally kept it tied up. Felix had got into the habit of teasing him, but on that particular day the greyhound had either managed to slip its lead, or been deliberately released, I never knew for sure which. Next there was a terrible commotion as the bushes rattled as the greyhound pursued Felix, gaining on him all the time. At least Felix had the good sense to run towards me and as I rose to my feet, Felix shot underneath the sun lounger. The greyhound then swerved away in a wide arc, after which it made its way back to its own property. Felix must have used up one of his nine lives as well as learning a very important lesson. Yes, there are old cats and there are bold cats but there no old bold cats. My next door neighbour came around once complaining that Felix had been using his doors cat flap to come into his house and steel Molly’s food. I had to laugh, I thought what do you expect me to do, ground him. 
One Sunday I was sat at the table eating my dinner. Felix was watching me, of course, waiting for an opportunity to strike. He didn’t have to wait long, as I turned momentarily away he seized his chance and went for my pork chop.
“Oy,” I shouted, “you cats are all thieves.” He dragged the chop into the kitchen and I smiled and relented. After all, he’d won fair and square. I prized it away from him and cut it up into cat sized mouthfuls and put it on a plate. After that day, I called him the Pork Chop Bandit.
I got Felix a job once. Bob came to my house saying he had a rat in his kitchen.
I said, “I have just the cat to do the job for you.” 
I took Felix to Bob’s house for a sleepover. Bob said he did a very good job; the rat put up a good fight, but there was only going to be one winner. Felix eventually got hold of it by the scruff and broke its neck. Bob tried to get the dead rat off him but Felix growled at him, not yet willing to let go of his hard-won trophy, so a good night’s work all round. 
I later thought I could start my own business; I would call it Rent-a-Cat. My advert would read: Got a pest? Get a cat, use Rent-a-Cat, the eco-friendly way to get rid of all your pests. We supply the cat and he will do the rest. Satisfaction guaranteed. Well, it was just an idea, although he does sometimes need my help to solve a particularly hard problem. He was sitting at the bottom of the garden once, tail swishing from left to right in an uncompromising manner so I decided to investigate. On my arrival and after closer inspection, I could see that Felix was trying to catch a big spider. It was hiding; you’ve heard of the hole in-the-wall gang, well this was the hole-in-the wall spider, only emerging when some unsuspecting insect landed on its web. Whereupon, in double quick time, it would shoot out of its bolt-hole and pounce upon its latest victim, disabling it, then wrapping it up in silk like an Egyptian mummy, ready to be devoured at a later date. I quickly concluded the spider had only got that big by being clever and not taking any unnecessary risks. I had to come up with a strategy that would lure him out. All the time Felix was looking at me in anticipation. My solution was to catch a fly, no easy task in itself. I then placed the fly on the web, the spider instantly shot out to disable the fly and Felix then pounced on the spider, devouring it whole, and then just for good measure, the fly as well. The things I have to do for him! I can picture him now during those long summer days, lying in the back garden, fast asleep in the summer sun in company with his three cat companions, Molly, Polly and Dolly… his own little harem. Some cats have all the luck.  
Well TV watching over for me, it was bed as usual at 11pm after the news. Not that I slept much that night, thinking about how I was going to make the maximum amount of money in the minimum amount of time out of my new find. I bet I had no more than five hours sleep, but that was enough; I was up like a lark as usual the following morning. 
On opening the curtains, a beautiful sunny day greeted me. Not a cloud in the sky. I had formulated my plan and my mind was made up. I would go to London, case out the banks, the bigger the better. Then, in the dead of night, I would Transport myself into a bank vault and help myself to as much cash as I could carry in a couple of sacks. They say God helps them who help themselves and that was exactly what I intended to do. Because I have always found that when one door closes, another one slams in your face. So, it pays to be creative, especially in the area of finance.
 First things first, though. I phoned work to say I wouldn’t be coming in anymore; no more nine until five for me.
I got Kev to Transport me to a secluded spot in Hyde Park. Why drive or get the train when I can travel there instantly for no cost at all? After casing out the big banks I took in some sightseeing. Might as well enjoy myself while I am here, I thought, after which I Transported myself back home. Then it was off to bed early, setting the alarm for 3am, although I didn’t sleep much because of the intense anticipation of what was about to happen. 
After grabbing a couple of sacks, I instructed Kev which bank vault in London to transport me into. Before I knew it, I was there… oh, what a sight. All those bank notes! I was like a child in a sweet shop, I couldn’t help it. In a mad frenzy I filled up the two sacks with bank notes. All I needed was a red suit and I would have looked like Father Christmas. I paused for a moment to admire my handiwork and then gave a military salute, saying, “Thank you, greedy bankers,” as I instructed Kev to take me back home. Yes I suppose you could call it give and take, the banks were giving and I was taking. Think of it as mind over matter, I don’t mind and as far as I am concerned the banks don’t matter. 
Once settled back in my own familiar surroundings, I emptied both sacks of money onto the floor. I then started grabbing handfuls of bank notes, tossing them into the air and laughing ever louder. After that I just flopped out on the sofa, eventually falling asleep until Felix woke me up by licking my face. From that day on, I travelled and lived the good life, from the pyramids of Egypt to the Taj Mahal and from the Grand Canyon to the Great Wall of China. I stayed in the best hotels, eating at the best restaurants, yes only the best for me now and when the money ran out, I just pulled another bank job. 
Now you might be wondering why was I living a life of excess like this? Well, when I was young my parents hit hard times, so when you have money you make the most of it. Mind you, I once saw a TV programme about the great train robbery of August 1963. I think the interviewer was talking to one of the grown-up children of one of the robbers, many years after the event. She made a very interesting point by saying that, in her opinion, suddenly acquiring lots of money without having had the education to know how to look after it and invest it wisely was a recipe for disaster. I think she had a very valid point, I remember my mother took me to the pawn broker. It was to be seared into my memory for life. What a sight confronted me when we arrived. The pawn shop was at one end of the street in Mabgate and the Labour Exchange was at the other. I think they are called Job Centres now. They both had queues so long they almost met in the middle, but not quite. My mother and I slotted in at the end of the pawn broker’s queue, slowly working our way to the front. 
On entering the shop proper, what confronted me were endless rows upon rows of goods wrapped in brown paper. Mister Beetham, the proprietor, was in negotiation with a customer who was in the process of depositing goods with him. With arms waving energetically out in front of him, he was saying, “I’m only lending you money on the goods, not buying them.” After further haggling, terms were agreed and his assistant, a tall, slim older man who reminded me of a character out of a Charles Dickens novel with his bald head and spectacles, laboriously entered the transaction into his ledger. A ticket was given as a receipt to the customer along with the cash amount that had been agreed. 
Next, the moment of truth. My mother’s turn had arrived and, not for the first time, she had her typewriter to pawn. It must have had its own season ticket to that place. Although she also bought suits from the second-hand market, and repaired them before pawning them. 
“Hello, Rita,” Mister Beetham said, smiling as he spoke. “How are you getting on with the book you are writing?” 
My mother had written a book back in the sixties called Love Tears and Laughter, based on her experiences of life in the thirties and forties. Alas, she could not get the book published. I remember when I was a youngster, the postman delivering the mail and my mother, seeing the envelope, being in a state of excited anticipation but the response from the publisher was always the same. A flat rejection; a Dear John; thanks, but no thanks. I did read the book when I was old enough to understand it. All these years later I can only remember fragments of it. I do remember reading the part when my mother was a teenager in London during the very early part of the war during the blitz. She worked for a Doctor Sears. He had two little girls who my mother helped to look after and they later grew up to be film stars, Heather and Ann Sears. 
When I was about twelve years old, in the early 70s, I remember my mother making a claim for National Assistance. We seemed to be in the office for an eternity. Things only livened up when the guy in front began to argue with the staff member dealing with his case. Voices became raised and harsh words were exchanged on both sides. In the end, he picked up his Alsatian dog and said, “I can’t feed the dog on that money. You look after it.”
He threw the dog over the counter and stormed off in disgust. The dog went wild, running around uncontrollably in the office area. It reduced my mother and I to tears of laughter. Female workers were screaming in anguish, as the male members of staff rushed to quell the distressed dog.
The next time we entered the building, a large Perspex screen had been erected to protect the staff from irate customers, and unwanted pets. Now talking about naughty pets in the mid-1980s I was sitting in the Merrion Centre opposite the Dewhurst Butchers shop. When a scruffy stray dog came up to the outside display counter and as bold as brass took a leg of pork off the table. It then made its getaway in quick measure, the butcher who saw what happened then made chase. He looked the typical butcher type, well built with rosy red cheeks. The butcher came back empty handed, the cheeky dog must have got away with it. The butcher gave me a dirty look, I thought the dog was only trying to make a living. 
I remember also during the war when my mother was working in London. On her way to work she was sat on the top deck of the bus. She happened to notice a beautiful woman with long curly blonde hair. She was walking arm in arm with a smart young army officer. Both laughing and telling jokes without a care in the world. My mother smiled and continued on her way to work. At that stage of the war she was employed in an armament’s factory making bullets. On her way home, she sat on the top deck again. She noticed a lot of bodies that had been laid on the sloping grass verge. Apparently, earlier that day a German V-1 or V-2 rocket had hit the area. The bodies of the poor victims had not yet been covered.
As the bus slowed to turn the corner my mum’s eyes were drawn to two of the victims. I’m afraid it was the dashing young officer and the beautiful woman from earlier. Laid as they were side by side with apparently not a mark on them as if in an eternal sleep. I think now it must have been a V-2 rocket. The concussion from the blast shock wave is what would have killed them, while leaving them unmarked. Yes, it just goes to show you how fragile human life was during the war. You lived for the day and don’t worry about tomorrow, because it might never come. It is a good job the V-3 never came online. I didn’t know much about it until a couple of years ago when I saw a documentary about it. 
It was an underground cannon in Northern France with 25 individual barrels which gave a rapid rate of fire. If it had ever become operational it would have devastated London. Hitler called it the London Cannon. He was so proud of this killing machine he even had a scale model produced of it, which he housed in his alpine retreat. That was the Berghoff in the Obersaltzberg. It had pride of place in his living room, in front of that large window which overlooked the Alps. 
That it did not ever become operational is thanks to the brave lads of Bomber Command and the United States Eight Air Force. By the incessant bombing of the production factories in Germany, along with crippling the road and rail communications in France, they managed to slow down its production progress to a crawl. 
Finally, Lancaster bombers equipped with Barnes Wallis’ grand slam earthquake bombs attacked the gun site. They gave the site a right pasting. One bomb actually went down one of the gun barrels before exploding. Needless to say, that was the end of the super gun. I would love to have seen Hitter’s face when he got the news.
Another part of the book I can remember in full was when my mother left school in 1937, aged fourteen. Her first job was in a seafront boarding house in Blackpool. She knew the comedian Charlie Williams. He once worked in Monkton coal mine with her brothers. Apparently, he lived in a caravan with his uncle. I think he subsequently played professional football. Then he learned his trade on the working men’s clubs’ circuit before getting his big break on TV. That was in the early 1970s, on The Comedians.
Henry Hall and his big band were staying at the boarding house; he would have been playing at the Winter Gardens. My mother said he always gave her a good tip for polishing his shoes to a good standard. Max Jaffa also stayed at the boarding house. Jokingly my Mother said she had known Max Jaffa since he was a Tangerine. But when it came to washing the dishes, things were a little more unorthodox to say the least. My mother was just about to make a start on washing the dishes when the proprietor of the boarding house, who had his dog with him, instructed my mother to hold out the plate for the dog to lick clean. This the dog proceeded to do, very energetically, after which my mother washed and dried the plate. This process was repeated until all the washing up was complete. I suppose you could call it recycling 1930s style, with nothing going to waste, the dog being the waste disposal unit. Well, I suppose it saved on the pet food bill. I thought it was hilarious and it has stuck in my mind ever since. 
There is another scene I remember from the book. During the war, my mother was dancing with an army officer who had a false arm. She found that out when it came off his shoulder by mistake and ended up in her hands. That must have been a sight to see, but not for my mother and the officer. 
When my mother passed away the manuscript was lost forever, never to be seen again. 
“The book is coming along nicely, Mister Beetham,” my mother replied. Then it was down to business. Terms were agreed, receipt and money issued and that was that, until the next time. 
As a youngster, I really enjoyed the stories my mother read to me. It’s how I found my love of literature. I could live my own dream – imagine flying the rocket powered couch to the stars. I loved Brer Rabbit and Mr. Fox. I loved the morality, that the good guy nearly always won, only once did Mr. Fox get the better of Brer Rabbit. And for some reason I always remember the story of the magic treacle jug, there must have been a moral to the story.
And what of me? How had this life of excess affected my personality? Well, I am afraid only for the worse, turning me into a morally bankrupt person, devoid of any conscience. Little did I know that this life of excess would soon be coming to an end; in fact, before long none of us would have any time left at all. 

Five

I was in Los Angeles in California, one of my favourite haunts. English-speaking, of course, nice all year-round climate – their winter is like our summer – what a great place to be. It really is a place of opportunity and ambition. Even their tramps have got higher expectations than ours. In England, when they approach you, generally they ask for change for a cup of tea. In the US, they ask you for the price of a meal. Yes, fortune favors the brave in the land where anything is possible, even the Tramps have higher expectations.
 In the past I had done well out of their presidential elections. The two basic rules to remember are, firstly: never back a particular party to serve more than two terms in a row. Only once since 1945 has that occurred, with the Reagan/Bush years of 1981 to 1993. Secondly: always back a party to get a second term. Only once since 1932 has that failed to happen, when Democrats fail to win a second term in 1980. Mind you, it is only a two-horse race so you have a 50% chance of winning anyway and the prices are very poor. 
The 2016 US election was a bumper pay out, although Dave threw his betting slip away. 
“All the experts are saying Clinton will win,” he explained, “and they can’t all be wrong and John right, can they?”
“He’s never let us down yet,” Bob replied.
Bob stayed up all that election night and was glad he did. We got five to one at the bookies; unprecedented for a two-horse race. None of the experts had used the same calculations as me, and it is a good feeling when you beat them. As for Dave, in the morning he had to empty the dustbin and hunt through the rubbish to find his winning ticket.
In a spin off from the main contest, I was looking at the twenty Democratic contenders for the nomination for the 2020 presidential election. I think it was around August of 2019 that I made a breakthrough, Joe Biden caught my eye. He had been Obama’s vice president. It suddenly struck me that five out of six post war vice presidents who ran for the nomination succeeded. Nixon, Humphreys, Mondale, Bush Sr. and Gore. Only Truman’s vice president Berkeley failed, back in 1952. And indeed, he had chosen to drop out of the race very early, partly because of his age but mostly because of opposition to him from the powerful labor unions. 
With that sort of historical evidence behind Biden’s push, he was certainly worth a punt. Everyone else, including Bob, thought it was too risky. In fact, Bob went further.
“Why risk it?” he said, “You’d be better off sticking to your normal bet. Wait until next year and you’ll at least have a 50-50 chance. At the moment, you’ve a five per cent chance, because there are 20 contenders running for the nomination.”
I responded by using the analogy of the World Cup. There might be 32 teams involved, but most had no chance of winning the title. They were deadwood, just making up the numbers. Only a small handful had a realistic chance of winning. True it was an experimental prototype bet. But I did put in a safety valve; a reverse forecast which saw me gamble on both Trump beating Biden, and the other way around. Provided he was nominated, I would be guaranteed a winner. 
“Quite frankly, my dear, I couldn’t give a damn who wins,” I said, reflecting on the 1939 film, “Gone with the Wind.”
After a bad start in the early caucuses Biden was an outsider, Bernie Sanders was the firm favorite. So, in February just before the Carolinas’ primaries, I put a bet on him at 9-1. The side bet was too tempting to ignore. The Carolinas were his fire wall, and so it turned out. He won easily. At one point you could have got 12-1 for him to be nominated and 20-1 for him to beat Trump, and 25-1 for Trump to beat Biden.
Super Tuesday in early March was his next big test. He won ten out of fourteen states that day. In the process, he knocked all but one opponent out of the contest. There was little doubt from that day on. In fact William Hill stopped taking bets on the contest. Yes, it’s a nice feeling when you crack a code, I know what the guys at Bletchley Park must have felt like. Bloomberg, the former New York Mayor, spent half a billion dollars on TV ads before Super Tuesday. What a waste of money, when you think of the good that sort of money could have done in the wider community.
Anyway, this particular night I was eating out at one of my favourite restaurants – one of the most expensive, of course. Like Bob its only the best for me now. During the meal the waitress made a mistake by accidently knocking a glass of wine over me when she was delivering one of the courses. The old me would have laughed it off and thought nothing more of it, but not the new, nasty John. I immediately demanded to see the manager and I made such a song and dance about the affair that in the end the manager gave her the sack, or as the Americans called it, let her go. The last thing I remember as I left the restaurant was the waitress crying and wiping away the tears with her hanky. I didn’t even bat an eyelid, but just thought to myself, you cannot get the right staff these days. That was the new me, morally bankrupt and totally devoid of any conscience, a real nasty piece of work. 
As I left to make the short walk back to the hotel, a figure stepped out of the shadows. Of course, at the time I did not realise he was following me; there were plenty of people about and nothing to arouse my suspicion. 
On arrival back at the hotel the receptionist said, “Did you have a good night, sir?” 
I growled back, “Nothing has been good about it.” With that sarcastic comment I made my way back to my penthouse suite, the best the hotel had to offer. On entering my room, I locked up and was just about to shower and then retire for the evening when there was a knock on the door. Who on earth could it be at this time of the night?  
I opened the door saying, “I didn’t order room service… oh, you remind me of the guy who plays the lead role in Peaky Blinders. Anyway, get lost. Whatever you’re peddling, I’m not interested, goodnight and goodbye.” I attempted to slam the door in his face. He was quick, though, and used his foot to stop the door closing.
“I want to talk to you, John,” he said, opening his jacket to reveal, around his waist… guess what?  Yes, there it was in full view, a Guardianship belt the same as mine. To say I was shocked would be an understatement. I noticed his foot was away from the door, so this time I managed to slam it shut. I turned around, telling Kev, “Transport me back to my home in England.” As always, he complied very quickly and before I knew it I was back home in my living room in Leeds, where I thought I would be safe. That was a close call. I did not want to go through that experience again. But I had been lulled into a false sense of security. As soon as I turned around I could see a familiar white disc forming as my nemesis stepped through the portal to confront me once again. 
“John, don’t go,” he said. “I only want to talk, that’s all. Just a few minutes of your time and then I will be gone.” 
I concluded that I was not going to be able to lose him so I might as well listen to what he had to say. “Go on then,” I replied. “You talked me into it.” I gestured for him to take a seat. 
“My name is Kronos,” he said. “I am here on behalf of the Solaran Commonwealth and their Hellertron allies who are locked in a vicious war with the Kaytons.” 
After what Kev had told me previously, I was prepared to listen and believe anything. “Yes, but what has all this got to do with me?” I asked. 
“It has everything to do with you,” Kronos replied. “The Hellertrons have recently suffered a massive strategical defeat and are in full retreat. The Solarans are in the process of sending reinforcements to bolster them and form a screening line to cover their retreat. Now to do this, the Solarans have had to shorten their front line by evacuating a number of salients to create a reserve.” 
“Can they win?” I enquired, “Or at least draw even?” 
“No, John. It is only a matter of months; now a tipping point has been passed, defeat is inevitable—” 
“But you never know,” I interrupted. “Some unexpected turn of events or a secret weapon could yet turn the course of the war. You have got to keep hoping for eventual victory. At least you have those few months to play with.” 
“I suppose that is possible, but still very unlikely. The problem is, John, that Earth does not have a few months. Earth lies in one of those salients which is being evacuated as we speak.” 
All went deadly quiet as I suddenly realised the full significance of what he was saying. I began to sweat profusely and shake with fear, feeling sick in the pit of my stomach and having to summon all my remaining composure to reply to Kronos. 
“How long has Earth got?” I put to him. 
“A Kayton battle squadron is already heading towards this solar system. We estimate that, at its current Translight speed, it will reach Earth a week today.” 
I stood up, took the belt off and tossed it across the table. “Here, you take it. I never wanted the damned thing anyway. You cannot put all this on me – why don’t you go and talk to the United Nations?” 
“I’m afraid that would be futile, John. All it would do is cause mass panic.” 
“But surely you must have Transport ships that you could use to evacuate Earth’s population before the Kaytons arrive?” 
“Yes, that is correct, John. But they are all at full stretch supplying the Solaran Army’s needs and even if they were all brought to bear they would at best be able to evacuate no more than half of Earth’s population in the time available. I think it would be a futile exercise and as I said before, that sort of action would also cause a mass panic.” 
“So what are you proposing, then?” I asked in a sullen, dejected manner.
“Now John,” Kronos replied “the Kaytons do have one potential weakness in that seventy percent of their armed forces is made up of human Drones. That is, people from conquered planets who have been forced to fight for them using mind control technology. Essentially the Kaytons maintain control by a signal being transmitted from a beacon in the Citadel on their home planet of Tyros. No one has been able to replicate what they have done. The signal cannot be jammed; the Solarans have tried unsuccessfully on numerous occasions, all attempts ending in abject failure. If the signal could be killed at source the Drones would revert back to normal and turn on their former masters with a vengeance, starting a rebellion. The Solaran and Hellertron armed forces could then take full advantage of the situation by hitting them with everything they have to hand. Hopefully, the end would be quick. We already have an agent on Tyros… one of our best, Adema. He has regular access to the Citadel where the Kayton Supreme Council is located, along with all their command and control assets including the Drone command bunker.” 
“So what has all this got to do with me? If your man has access to the Citadel, why is he not able to knock out the signal transmitter himself?” 
“Good question, John. The problem is that two Drone guards have to accompany every contract worker in the Citadel for security.” 
“What about trying to get two more agents in to make up the numbers?” I replied. “The problem would then be solved.” 
“The trouble is, it took years to get an agent on Tyros and it would take years to get another one on, never mind two, the security screening procedures are so effective.” 
It then began to dawn on me where the direction of this conversation was leading. 
“Oh no,” I said, “you are not thinking what I am thinking, are you? That you and I Transport ourselves to Tyros and take the place of the two Drone guards? Oh, I do not think that is a good idea Mister Kronos, you can forget that for a game of soldiers. The answer is a definite no. Cheeky beggar, coming here and shouting the odds, trying to con me into what sounds to all intents and purposes like a suicide mission.” 
“You’re a Guardian now John, with responsibilities to match.”
“No!” I replied. “I’m a civilian who would rather be a live coward than a dead hero.”
“I’m afraid, John, there is no other alternative. The Guardianships are not transferable and according to the ancient Kultarn texts, only two have been created, although God only knows why it chose you to be the Guardian. All you have done so far is disgrace the Kultarn legacy with your actions. I can only assume the Guardianship has been lying dormant for so long its judgment has become impaired.” 
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” I replied. “You certainly know how to cheer a guy up.” 
“I have to tell it to you as it is,” Kronos said. “Now listen, John. Adema has been on Tyros for three years. He has formulated a workable plan and is confident he can get us into not only the Citadel, but also the Drone command bunker without getting into a fire fight. All we will have to do then is kill the technicians in the transmitting room and then plant the explosive charges to sever the link to the control beacon which transmits the signal throughout the Kayton Empire. And while we are at it we can do as much damage to the control panels as possible. We should then be able to sit it out, letting the rebellion take its course.” 
“You make it all sound so easy. Things could still go wrong, especially with a novice like me weighing you down with my lack of experience. If it is all the same to you, I should like to stay here on Earth where I was born and bred.”
“John, if you don’t come with me you will end up dead,” Kronos replied.
“Well, you’re a cheerful Charlie and a right bundle of laughs for a winter’s night,” I laughed.
“All missions are dangerous, John. I should know, I have been on enough of them. But we would train you up in the short time available to get you at least to a minimum standard. If I thought you were not ready I would not ask you to go. It is as simple as that. There is just one other piece of information I need to tell you. The Kaytons have set up a massive energy field completely enveloping Tyros. They call it the Transdamping barrier. It consumes a third of the power generated on Tyros and it was constructed to stop me Transporting myself to Tyros. Up until now it was thought to be impenetrable by the scientific community of both the Kaytons and Solarans. But we have a brilliant young scientist on Sontral, the Solarans’ home planet. He thinks he has found a way to combine our two Guardianship portals into one and breakthrough the Transdamping barrier, Transporting us both undetected to the surface of Tyros.” 
“You certainly have an answer for everything,” I told him, “but it is all too much for me to understand. I need time to think and take it all in.” 
I thought to myself this just gets better and better, it’s all based on ifs, buts and maybes, as well as guesstimations and approximations. He might be able to break the Transdamping barrier, He thinks he can get us into the command bunker. I know from past experience if things are not planned to the tiniest detail anything that could go wrong, will go wrong. 
What a mess I’d got myself into. It was the blind leading the blind into the abyss.
“Understandable, but I cannot give you too long. I will meet you here in exactly twenty-four hours. We cannot delay any longer than that; we need as much time as possible to get you trained up for the mission.” 
“Just one more thing,” I said, “how on earth did you manage to find me and follow me at the same time?” 
“Well, John, I am a very crafty fellow. You can only see me where I have been or where I am going to be, but never actually where I am. But then again, I do tell a lot of porky pies (lies). No, even I am not that good.” Kronos gave a cheeky grin as he continued, “As soon as your Guardianship became active it notified me, telling me your every move as you made it. If you had bothered to ask your Guardianship, it would have told you about me.” 
“I wish I had never set eyes on it,” I moaned, “putting me in this intolerable position.  They say you get punished in your next life for the sins you committed in your last life? All I can say is I must have been a bad sod in my last life.” 
“I am afraid what is past is past and what has happened has happened and cannot be changed. You just have to accept the situation you find yourself in now and make the best of it. In the end, only you can make the final decision whether to come back with me to Sontral.” 
“You have certainly given me a lot to contemplate,” I replied as I bade Kronos goodbye.
“I will meet you here in exactly twenty-four hours.” Kronos activated his Guardianship, slipping away into the depths of space as quickly and as quietly as he had arrived, leaving me to ponder that night’s events. I remember thinking if I agreed and travelled with him to Sontral to undertake this enterprise, who would be the biggest fool? The fool himself or the fool who follows him?
I then proceeded to take my frustration out on Kev. I grabbed the belt from the top of the table where it had lain silent since I had tried to give it to Kronos earlier. I threw it down on the floor in front of me as hard as my limited strength would allow me. Next, I kicked it three or four times across the floor, swearing all the time as I did so. I turned around, walked a few paces away, then turned back again and proceeded to kick the belt another three or four times until it ended up underneath the television stand, after which I cursed it in no uncertain terms for conning me and being responsible for all my troubles. 
Feeling sorry for myself, I thought about the parrot from the 1960’s German Robinson Crusoe TV series. I reworked the parrot’s line by saying,
“Poor John, poor poor John
So much promise now all gone
Sinking fast without a trace.
Life passing him by with such haste
O dear God, what a waste.”
Calming down a little, I then sat down on the bed for a few minutes, just staring aimlessly straight ahead with my mouth wide open. I could hear myself breathing heavily. I felt as though my whole world was collapsing in on me. I had no time or space left; no room to manoeuvre. Only the thought of nothingness lying in wait to devour me like a hungry monster that I imagined used to live under my bed when I was a child. 
After what seemed like an eternity, broken only by intermittently throwing objects that came to hand at Kev, cursing him as I did so, I decided to call it a day by getting ready for bed and retiring for the evening. It must have been two or three hours before I fell asleep, with all the multiple thoughts spinning and swirling around my overloaded little brain. I should think it was the worst night I had experienced since I was a teenager. 
I well remember being seventeen years old and experiencing what I could only describe as night terrors. I saw a documentary a couple of years ago where the people were describing exactly the same sequence of events I had encountered all those years ago. During the night I felt as though there was an overwhelming evil presence in the bedroom and then a hooded figure dressed like a monk would appear. I could not see his face; probably just as well. Then the hooded figure appeared to be pressing down on my chest, trying to stop me breathing. After an intense battle of wills, I woke, sitting up and gasping for breath, thinking to myself, you are not getting me, you sod. 
I experienced the same sequence of events seven or eight times over the next few months and each time I won the battle. At the time I never thought much about it. I thought it was just a recurring nightmare and then, just as suddenly as it had started, it stopped, never to return. It just faded into a distant corner of my memory until I saw that documentary in which so many other people had experienced the same night terrors as me. I called those unwanted night visitors the Devil’s hoodies – certainly creatures you would not willingly invite to your home for a sleepover. I could just imagine the Devil saying to his countless minions, “Oh, it is getting a bit cold down here; I want more stokers to keep the heat up and the younger the better. Then, every night like clockwork, he would kick his army of worker gatherers out with, “Bring me back some nice young souls and don’t bother coming back until you do,” rubbing his hands in gleeful anticipation of the harvest of young unsuspecting souls to come. 

Six

Morning finally arrived and my mind was made up. I would be going with Kronos on his fool’s errand for better or for worse. That would be the path I now followed but how it would end, I did not know. Mind you I suppose there never was a choice, better an end in horror than a horror without end. But first things first; I had to sort out my loose ends before I departed on my journey. I thought I had everything I always wanted. But in reality, it was all nothing more than an illusion. A sham, a hollow shell without substance.
I got myself ready and put my Guardianship belt on. Now I had calmed down, Kev was back in my good books. 
“Good morning, Kev,” I said. 
“Good morning, John,” he replied, apparently none the worse for the beating I had given him the night before. 
I instructed him to take me back to my hotel room in Los Angeles, which I had so abruptly fled the night before. After settling my account, I went to see a lawyer. I instructed him to hire a private detective to track down the waitress who I was responsible for getting fired at the posh restaurant. After which, the money I had left would be given to her to start her own business on the pretext that it was a bequest from a long lost relative. What I would have given to see the look on her face when she received the news of her new-found wealth. At least, belatedly, I had tried to do the right thing. On completion of that task it was back to England, with one more job to do before I kept my appointment with Kronos. 
Now you might be thinking to yourself what on earth happened to Felix while I was spending the bank’s money gallivanting around the world and living the good life? In fact, I had put him in the boarding kennels… well, it was better than sending him back to the naughty cats’ home, or so I thought. After plucking up the courage, I paid him a farewell visit. The staff at the kennels were none too pleased to see me. They said he had been biting the staff and they should be getting danger money for looking after him. They were hoping I had come to take him home. After paying the manager off with a bonus, they agreed to carry on caring for him. That was a weight off my mind. Then I was led to the main boarding area to see him. Now, if I thought he was going to be pleased to see me, I was mistaken. As I approached his individual cage I could see his tail swishing angrily from left to right as if he was ready to settle an old score with me. A member of staff opened the cage for me, after which she hastily retreated. I thought that was an ominous sign. As I tried to stroke him he wreaked his revenge on me by biting my hand, really digging his teeth in, and then just for good measure, growled at me. After extracting my hand, I shut and locked the cage door. I had tried my best; what more could I expect after the way I had treated him? I now know what those poor mice and birds felt like that he used to catch, with those needle-sharp teeth digging into them mercilessly. Still, he was only doing what came naturally to him. Sometimes he would bring the mice or birds into the house and they were not always dead. On occasions they would escape… what a sight to behold, Felix and I running around the house trying to recapture them. I am glad to say we always won.
Once I was sitting in the living room, curled up nice and comfortable in front of the fire watching the TV when Felix approached me with a dead sparrow in his mouth. He jumped up onto the chair and then, would you believe it, he dropped the recently departed sparrow onto my lap. A friend later said he brought me a present to impress me. I said if he wanted to impress me he should go and get a job. The poor old sparrow. All I could hope for was that Felix made it quick; one brief moment and all its troubles would have been over, subsequently waking up in sparrow Heaven. It made me wonder if animals go to the same Heaven as people, or do they have their own separate Heaven? 
When we were both outside in the garden I would tap my chest with my hand. Felix took this as an invitation to jump up with all his strength onto my chest, whereupon he proceeded to manoeuvre his way around my neck, so that I was walking around wearing him like a scarf. Dave once asked me, if I could be any animal which one would I be and why. I said a cat, because it had an easy life. Well, Felix certainly had. Bob said he would be a grizzly bear because they slept all winter and had no gas or electricity bills to pay. And Brian said he would be a crocodile because no one messed with them and got away with it. They were here before the dinosaurs and they will still be here long after man has left the scene. 
After saying goodbye to Felix and promising to return one day and get him out of his enforced imprisonment, I made my way back home to keep my appointment with Kronos. As I was walking through the city centre I could hear a group of street musicians playing. They were South American and singing and dancing in their native costume. I stood and listened to them and at the end of the performance, one of them came over to me and said, “You look so sad… you look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders, don’t worry everything will work out in the end, trust me.” Anyway, I continued on my way, all the time thinking about what he said. As I drove home I couldn’t help but notice people going about their business; some happy, some sad, but all free to do as they pleased. Kronos was right about not wanting to warn them of the imminent arrival of the Kaytons. In these circumstances it really was a case of ignorance is bliss. I arrived back home with only a few minutes to spare and then sat at the dining room table, arms folded, with a glum face, awaiting the imminent arrival of Kronos. 
Exactly on time, as promised, his portal formed and Kronos emerged. Almost immediately he said, “Well, John, what is it to be? Are you going to come to Sontral with me? If you do, you will certainly see the stars.” 
“More likely an early grave,” I replied, “but yes, I am going to go with you to Sontral and do what has to be done, to the best of my ability.” Even though my mother used to warn me never to volunteer for anything, this time I had to disagree with her. 
“Good,” Kronos said in a rather harsh tone. “At least for once in your life you are going to do the right thing. Now, there is one thing I cannot stress the importance of enough. In no circumstances do you mention Earth or anything about Earth. If the Kaytons found out about your home planet there would be dire consequences. Heed this warning well, John.” It seemed he was speaking from bitter experience. 
“Okay,” I replied, hesitantly, “I get the message, but there is one question I would like to ask you before we depart.” 
“Go on, I’m listening.” 
“Who came up with this crazy idea in the first place, to attack what to all intents and purposes sounds like one of the most heavily defended installations in the galaxy?” 
“You have Commander Vadoran, the head of S.I.S. the Solaran Intelligence Service, to thank for that. He came up with the original idea. He brought all the elements of the plan together, you being the last piece of the jigsaw to fall into place. All secret weapons programmes come under his control as well as all agents supporting the resistance movements on occupied planets. In addition, he runs the internal security services of the Solaran Commonwealth. Some would say he runs a state within a state, answerable directly and only to the Prime Minister, not Parliament.” 
“Sounds a real charmer,” I replied. “I will give him a piece of my mind when I see him.” 
“I wouldn’t cross him if I were you, John. He makes me seem like a pussy cat.” 
“Oh well,” I replied, “forewarned is forearmed.” 
“If that is everything, John, I think it is time we made a move. We cannot keep the Prime Minister waiting. Just instruct your Guardianship to Transport you to the cabinet room of the Prime Minister on Sontral. He will do the rest and I will meet you there.” 
I followed his instructions to the letter but I waited for Kronos to go through first. I hesitated momentarily but then succumbed to the inevitable, stepping through the portal and into the unknown, wondering as I did so whether I would ever see Earth again. 

Seven

Emerging from the portal, I was now on another planet many light years away from Earth and, for the first time, had travelled off my own world. I was now on Sontral, capital planet of the Solaran Commonwealth and centre of the resistance to the Kaytons. My arrival was a few seconds after Kronos, who had an anxious look on his face, probably wondering if I had changed my mind at the last minute. No such luck; I was here for the long haul. That’s not to say I wouldn’t have preferred to be at home, being a live coward rather than a dead hero. As the old saying went, ‘If there is any trouble I will be right behind you, a long way behind you. I will be there when the first shot is fired but I will be back home underneath the bed by the time the second shot is fired.’ I remember when I was a child, I used to hide underneath the sofa when the doctor paid me a home visit. It took all my mother’s ingenuity to coax me out, calling me a little scamp in the process. Who would have thought it, though? Me, of all people, now standing in the Prime Minister’s cabinet room. Looking around, it did not look that much different from ours in Downing Street. It was maybe a little more futuristic with the metallic table and chairs but apart from that they were more or less the same. 
“So you made it then,” Kronos said. “I thought you might have had second thoughts.”
“No, I was just testing you,” I replied. “Anyway, all the best things are worth waiting for.” 
“Definitely not in your case,” Kronos said in a somewhat sarcastic manner. 
I thought, well, it’s always nice to be wanted.
At that very moment, the door opened and three figures filed in, walking towards me and Kronos. 
“John,” Kronos said, “I would like you to meet the Prime Minister of the Solaran Commonwealth.” 
“Welcome to Sontral, John,” the Prime Minister said as we shook hands. “I want to thank you on behalf of the Solaran people for joining us in our fight against the Kaytons and agreeing to take part in the very dangerous mission on Tyros with Kronos and Adema, our deep cover agent, who is already preparing the way for you both as we speak.” 
“It is an honour to meet you, Mister Prime Minister,” I replied. “I’m glad I can be of service and I hope your faith in me will be justified by the successful outcome of the mission.” Well I thought I had better lay it on a bit, I mean it’s not every day you meet a Prime Minister. 
Next, Kronos introduced me to Professor Zinnerman, head of the scientific directorate of the Solaran Commonwealth and chief advisor to the Prime Minister on scientific matters. 
“How are you, John?” the Professor said. “It is good to have you on board.” 
“Nice to meet you,” I replied. “I have never met a real live professor before.” I couldn’t help staring at his pretty little dickey bow and tweed jacket. 
“And finally, John,” Kronos said, “I would like you to meet Commander Vadoran, head of S.I.S., the Solaran Intelligence Service.” 
“Good to finally meet you, John,” the Commander said. “Kronos has told me such a lot about you already. Of course, I would like to learn more. I will debrief you in full once you have had a chance to settle in.” 
“Pleasure to meet you, Commander,” I replied. “I am looking forward to having a nice long chat with you.” As I surveyed this tall, dark-haired well- built man dressed in black, he looked just the sort of man you would not want to meet in a dark alley late at night. 
“Right, John,” the Prime Minister said, “Professor Zinnerman and I have a meeting to chair so I will leave you for now in the capable hands of Commander Vadoran and Kronos. I will speak to you at length tomorrow.” 
“I look forward to seeing you then,” I replied as the Prime Minister and Professor Zinnerman hastily left the room to attend their pre-arranged meeting. 
“There is just one more thing I would like you to do,” Commander Vadoran said, “before you are shown to your quarters to retire for the evening. 
I would like you to accompany me and Kronos to the research facility to meet Chris and his assistant Alana who will attempt to break the Transdamping barrier and Transport you and Kronos to the surface of Tyros in a few days’ time. Chris would like to take some readings from your Guardianship so that he can assimilate the information into his own calculations.” 
“Of course,” I replied. “I would be glad to help out.” 
All three of us then left the cabinet room, proceeding through an exit door and then down some escalators to an underground railway platform where we boarded a train to the research facility. We arrived after only a few minutes, although for me it seemed an eternity as I struggled to come to terms with everything that had happened so far. Only a few minutes’ walk from the station and we were in the research facility proper. 
“This is Chris,” Kronos said. I shook hands with a tall, thin guy wearing glasses. 
“Good to meet you, John,” Chris said. 
“Likewise,” I replied. 
“And last but by no means least,” Chris said, “I would like you to meet my assistant Alana.” 
She must have been several years younger than him. “Nice to meet you, John,” Alana said. 
“Nice to meet you, Alana,” I replied. “You are the first pretty face I have seen since I arrived on Sontral.” 
She smiled along with Chris and Kronos. Only Commander Vadoran kept a straight face. Somehow, I could not imagine him being the life and soul of a party. In fact, I thought he was the sort of guy that if you saw him in the street you would deliberately cross the road to avoid him.
“Just the two of you, then,” I continued. “You’re going to break the might of the Kaytons’ energy barrier.” 
“Yes, I hope so,” Chris said. “We have been working on this project for three years since Commander Vadoran plucked us both out of obscurity to fund my research in this field on Professor Zinnerman’s recommendation. Now John, with your permission I would like to take a few readings from your Guardianship so that I can incorporate them into my calculations.” 
“I call him Kev,” I replied. “It makes him seem, to me at least, to be more like a person than a machine. Mind you, I still have not forgiven him entirely for conning me into becoming a Guardian.” 
“Whatever makes you happy,” Chris said. He scanned Kev with his small hand-held device and then showed us all a short video recording of Kronos trying to break the Transdamping barrier. The white rotating disc began to appear and enlarge as normal but at full size it turned a murky, black colour as what I could only describe as white bolts of lightning flashed across the disc in rapid succession. 
“You see what we are up against, John,” Chris said as he switched the video recording off. “Nobody thinks the barrier can be broken, but I know better. I think I have found a way to combine both your beams into one which, if successful, should punch a hole through the Transdamping barrier, allowing you and Kronos to Transport yourselves to Tyros undetected. Now I have your readings I can begin to calibrate my equipment, hopefully making the attempt in the next few days.” 
“No rush,” I replied. “Take your time.” 
Everyone smiled except Commander Vadoran, miserable old beggar, who said, “If that is everything, we will leave you both to carry on your work in peace with no more unnecessary distractions from us amateurs.” 
“John must be tired,” Kronos said, “so we will show him to his quarters.” 
We all bade each other goodnight and then it was back on the underground railway system. I had not seen the Sun on this planet yet; I was beginning to feel like a troglodyte, an underground dweller. Would I ever reach the surface and see daylight? 
We arrived at our station in only a matter of minutes and after disembarking, made our way on foot. At first there were plenty of Commander Vadoran’s men to be seen but as we approached what for the next few days would be my quarters, there was not a soul to be seen. It was as if the section I would be occupying was completely sealed off from the outside world. 
Kronos showed me around what I would be calling home for the next few days, comprising just a small living room, bathroom and bedroom. At least I had a television so I could watch the Solaran soaps in the evening in my free time. 
“Very Spartan,” I remarked.
“And so it should be,” Kronos replied. “You are here to work, not live it up in five-star luxury. I will bid you goodnight; see you in the morning bright and early.” 
“And a good night to you, as well,” I replied as he departed.
Now that I was on my own with Commander Vadoran, I half expected him to put his knuckle dusters on and give me a good working over. 
“Take a seat, John,” the Commander said. 
As we both sat down I felt as if I was at the dentist’s… one wrong move and he would yank all my teeth out. 
“Thank you, Commander.” As I made myself comfortable. “So you are the man who formulated this plan?” 
“Yes, John. I conceived the original idea four years ago and have worked tirelessly since that eureka moment to bring all the elements of the plan together. In effect I am opting for what the Solaran military call a Rankin 3 project. That is an operation that with limited means might offer more than a limited result. So far everything is proceeding exactly the way I had foreseen it. I think the whole venture is beautifully simple and yet cunningly precise, if successful—” 
“If?” I interrupted.” 
The Commander raised an eyebrow. “When successful,” he continued, “the whole Kayton Empire will implode from within in a matter of hours. Of course, with a project like the Majestic programme, its code name is going to require absolute secrecy. I hope I can rely on your discretion. Only nine people… the Majestic Nine, I call them, know about the mission and that is how I would like to keep it.” 
“You can count on me,” I replied. “It is my head on the chopping block and I do not want to lose it prematurely.” 
“Good. But I gather you were none too keen to join us in our great endeavour.” 
“Well, it is not my fight, is it?”  
“It soon will be, when the Kaytons reach Earth in a few days’ time.” 
I was shocked. “How many people know about Earth?”
“Besides Kronos, only myself and the Prime Minister know about Earth and that is the way it will stay as far as I am concerned. There would be dire consequences if the Kaytons ever found out,” he warned. “At the very least you would be leaving yourself open to blackmail and at worst, well I wouldn’t like to say what could happen. I will leave it at that.” 
“I bet you have had to make some hard decisions in your capacity as the head of S.I.S.” I commented. 
“Yes, John. I have had to make many life and death decisions over the years. It is not a job for the faint-hearted. I like to run a cold, efficient, machine-like service. That is how I got the job in the first place; there is no room for sentiment and emotion in this game. You may be the Guardian of the ancient Kultarn legacy but as far as I am concerned, I am the custodian of the Solaran Commonwealth. Politicians come and go but my presence is constant, a steadying influence in these turbulent times, and I will do whatever is necessary to ensure its survival. Do you understand what I am saying, John?” 
“Yes,” I replied, “you have made yourself crystal clear.” 
“Good.  Now tell me, John, what do you really think of me?” 
I needed no encouragement. “I think you are a coward who gets other people to do your dirty work for you, getting them killed in the process.”
“John! Spat the Commander, if anyone else, with the exception of the Prime Minister and Kronos, said that to me I would kill them on the spot, no hesitation.” 
“Ah,” I replied, “but you’re not going to, are you Mister Vadoran? Because you need me to carry out your crackpot scheme.” 
“Yes you are right, John. But when this is all over, I hope you are not planning to spend any length of time on Sontral.” 
“I can assure you, Commander, I will be off Sontral quicker than a rat up a drainpipe.” 
“Then I think we both understand each other. I will bid you a good night.” 
“And a good night to you, Commander,” I replied as I saw him out. I was glad to get rid of the pair of them… talk about having the good cop/bad cop routine, all I was getting was two bad cops. As he departed I sang
Bye bye Vadoran have you any bull
Yes sir yes sir three bags full
One for the master
One for the dame 
And one for the little one 
Who lives in your brain.
Talk about the Brothers Grimm, that encounter was absolutely Grimm.
 Mind you I was impressed with the Commander’s precise knowledge of detail, perfect clarity of mind and his iron will power, but I still nick-named him the grim reaper. This was in sharp contrast to me I was hesitantly shuffling and very unsure of myself. Still, at least I consoled myself with the fact that I was using other people’s gas and electricity and not mine, so I had no bills to pay while I was on Sontral. 

So, for the first time today I was alone on a strange planet with only my own thoughts for company. How I longed to be home again, leading a normal, nondescript life. My parents had both passed away a few years previously but I couldn’t help but wonder what advice they would have given me in this situation.  The world is certainly a poorer place without them.
My father was from Holland. He came to England in 1953 after serving six years in the Dutch Marines, being under-age when he entered at only seventeen years old. His parents had to give written permission for him to join. They were not keen, they only agreed because they thought he would soon get fed up and be back home in a matter of weeks. As it turned out he took to it like a duck to water. The best time of his life is what he told me, he would have joined again if given half a chance. His childhood was a bit fraught as he was only ten years old when the Germans occupied Holland. 
I asked him once what his first memory of the war was, he said he could remember the sky turning black as the German aircraft flew over his home town, they must have been on their way to Rotterdam. After that raid Holland surrendered, it took the Germans only four days to overrun Holland. He also told me he could remember being huddled around the radio with his family during the Battle of Britain, listening to the BBC which in itself was not allowed by the Germans. My father’s family were not military strategists but they did know a retired Naval Officer who had told them if England was not invaded by the end of September 1940, they wouldn’t be; the autumn seas would rule out an invasion until the following spring. The top priority for England then would be to get the United States into the war. You could not count on a country like Russia, for they could collapse or make a separate peace with Germany as they had done in World War One. The only sure way to eventual victory was the intervention of the United States, which thankfully was what happened. 
 The Germans went to a lot of trouble to try and capture the Dutch Government and Royal Family. That they failed was due to the professionalism of the Dutch marines. They protected them and managed to make their way to the coast where a British destroyer picked them up and took them to England. The Royal Family and government of Norway were also rescued in exactly the same way. There they carried on as a government in exile, along with others in a similar situation.
Recently I was looking at the war time production figures and found that America produced nearly three hundred thousand aircraft during the war, nearly three times what Germany produced. Britain produced 125,000 planes during the war. Bomber Command at certain times was given priority in production capacity. In the critical year of 1940 Britain produced 15,000 aircraft compared to 10,000 by the Germans. The Aircraft Minister, Lord Beaverbrook, made sure we specialized in just five types of aircraft. Three bombers, and two excellent fighters, the Hurricane and the Spitfire. The Russians did not have a strategic bomber force, they concentrated on providing ground support for the Red Army. Like the Yak 9D Fighter the PE-2 Twin engine light bomber and the excellent Stormovik ground attack plane. It was far more versatile than its German equivalent with its pilot sitting in an armored box. It could take a tremendous amount of punishment and still make it home safely. 
You do not have to be clever to figure out that Germany was eventually going to lose control of the skies. Yes, America really was the arsenal of Democracy. My Father said the German occupying forces were very arrogant. If they told you to jump, you asked how high. If you did not do as you were told you got sent to the war factories in Germany. Needless to say, the crime rate in Holland during the war was very low. 
I used to visit Holland once a year with my parents. In the early days we sailed on North Sea Ferries from Hull to Rotterdam. It was an overnight journey, then later, in the 1980s, we flew from Leeds Bradford airport, which took just over an hour. 
My father’s elder brother was doctor; we’d hear him getting up in the middle of the night when he was on call. Patients came to the house at all hours of the evening, he had an annex where he would see them. Father’s younger brother worked in a bank; he struggled with getting up in the mornings; he was a big guy, when he was at school his parents had to hire a math’s a tutor to get him through his exams. He reminded me of a great big Wild Angus Bull.
When my Father was young during the school holidays and sometimes at the weekend, he commuted to Amsterdam to help out in his Uncle Joes antique shop. Before the war Joe travelled all over Europe wheeler dealing. Apparently, he like to live life to the full. Once in Berlin he was lying drunk in the gutter. 
“Let’s help him get back to the hotel,” his married sister, Tina, had said.
Her husband told her to leave, it was his fault he was drunk. So, they did, he was a hard man. He’d learnt his trade on the North Sea Ferries working as a waiter, later having saved up enough money he bought a hotel and it was so successful he soon owned a small chain. But the work took its toll, and he died young, well before I was born, so I never met him. Tina sold the hotels to a large chain and bought herself a lovely little bungalow on the Dutch German border. I remember visiting it when I was a youngster, she had one son, with a wife who looked like Sophia Loren. 
During the war when my Father was in Amsterdam, he told me he sometimes walked past the house where Anne Frank and her family were hiding. They were exactly the same age, he remembered the Jews wearing the yellow star of David. Then, in the summer of 1942, they started disappearing off the streets as the deportations to the East began in earnest. His parents thought they were being sent to the war factories in Germany. It made sense, given the need for workers and Hitler’s reluctance to employ German women. The misogynist thought a woman’s place was in the home, bearing children for the fatherland.
It was only after the German defeat at Stalingrad in January 1943 did Albert Speer, the Minister for Armaments and Munitions, manage to persuaded Hitler to sign the order for women to be conscripted into the war factories on a large scale.
The Franks themselves were captured in August 1944, and to this day it is unclear who betrayed them. Anne died very close to the war’s end in March 1945, and I’m sure the world is a poorer place for her passing. The Franks were actually German from Frankfurt, and had emigrated to Holland shortly after Hitler came to power in 1933. Many Jews had moved to Holland as the prospect of war grew, believing that, as in the First World War, the country would remain neutral. In fact, only Anne’s father Otto survived the concentration camps to which they were sent after capture. During the First World War, he like Hitler served on the Western Front, I think he got the same military award as Hitler. So it does put paid to the lie that Jews didn’t fight for Germany in the First World War.

Eight

After my first day on Sontral I retired for the evening, waking up nice and early so that I would be ready for Kronos and the Commander who, as promised, arrived bright and early with a loud knock on the door. 
“Come in!” I shouted. “I am decent.” 
As the sliding door opened, Kronos and the Commander duly entered my quarters and after the exchange of pleasantries, we got down to business. 
Kronos explained that the Prime Minister would like me to meet the rest of his cabinet as well as the military Chiefs of Staff and the Hellertron Ambassador to the Solaran Commonwealth. Afterwards, if I was agreeable, he would like me to meet the Solaran people on a walkabout. The Solaran news services had already announced my arrival the previous night and the population was keen to meet me. I agreed but I was not really looking forward to the encounter. I do not like mingling in large groups and feel more at home with a one-to-one situation. 
With that exchange out of the way we left my quarters to board the train to the Prime Minister’s residence. At least I was familiar with those surroundings. On arrival, the three of us were shown into a large reception room where the Prime Minister and other dignitaries were waiting to greet us. The Prime Minister approached the three of us with another figure following on behind him. 
“How are you, John?” he asked in a very jovial voice. “Did you have a good night?” 
“Yes, thank you, Mister Prime Minister,” I replied. “Much better than I expected.” 
“Now, John,” the Prime Minister said, “I would like you to meet His Excellency the Hellertron Ambassador to the Solaran Commonwealth.” 
Now all the people I had met so far had been human, but not this guy. He reminded me of something out of Fright Night. The Hell in Hellertron, I thought was very appropriate. 
“Oh my God!” I said, “You’re ugly looking.” 
A look of utter shock registered on all the other guests’ faces. Some covered their eyes with their hands whilst others muttered their disapproval. 
One lone woman’s voice at the back of the room shrieked, “Oh! The Guardian has just called The Hellertron Ambassador ugly… he is going to cause a diplomatic incident.” 
After a stony silence, the ambassador smiled, shook my hand and replied, “You should see me on a bad day, John. I look even worse than this. On behalf of the Hellertron people I would like to thank you for siding with us in our struggle against the Kaytons. I would also like to extend an invitation to you to visit our home planet of Ruatarn to meet our leader’s, high command and people, so that they can get to know you and thank you personally.” 
“I apologise for my earlier comment, Your Excellency,” I replied contritely. “I would be honoured to accept your kind invitation in the near future, as and when time allows. Consider it a promise.” 
After narrowly avoiding an incident with the ambassador, I was introduced to the rest of the guests who included all the members of the cabinet and all the military chiefs. Who would have thought it… me meeting all those important people? It was like being in Downing Street, meeting Cameron and Clegg and all the bigwigs in the government. 
I noticed a military officer standing motionless in the corner of the room like a garden gnome in his smart uniform, completely impervious as to what was going on around him. He was carrying a small briefcase that was handcuffed to his wrist. 
“What is in the case?” I asked Kronos. “Important cabinet papers?” 
“No,” Kronos replied, “it contains the launch codes for the strategical missile force. Only the Prime Minister can authorise their use.” I pulled faces at him, but to no avail, he just stared at me in a motionless manner. 
I thought to myself, what a lot of responsibility for just one man to bear. Anyway, after the obligatory drinks and nibbles and what seemed to be endless small talk, the balcony doors were opened on the Prime Minister’s orders and everyone began to make their way out onto the veranda. I was about to see daylight and Sontral’s Sun, the first new one since I had started my epic journey.
Just before I made it out, Kronos said, “Now don’t be overawed, John. The Solaran people only want to thank you for joining them in their struggle against the Kaytons.” 
What a welcome and what a sight awaited me! The vast square in front of us was filled to capacity and the roar of the huge cheer that rang out was deafening. 
The Prime Minister and Kronos waved to the eager crowd and I followed suit instinctively, not wanting to be the odd one out in all this frenzied activity. I could feel the bottom of my trousers vibrate as a fly-past of Solaran ships began. Huge Battle Carriers, Battle Cruisers as well as single-seat Fighters whizzed past in quick succession, all very impressive. Kronos explained to me most of the ships were on Sontral for battle damage repair and would soon be making their way back to the various battle fronts. Apparently, the Battle Cruisers were the work horses, the fast, hard hitting backbone of the fleet, as well as providing escort duties for the huge Battle Carriers. 
As the fly-past came to its inevitable end, the Prime Minister turned towards me and said, “John will you accompany me and Kronos to meet the people?” 
“All right,” I replied in a hesitant voice. 
We all left the balcony then, making our way down the stairs and out of the main doors. The Prime Minister and Kronos led the way over to the awaiting crowds who were situated behind a low-level barrier with their hands outstretched, eagerly waiting to shake their hands. I was tentatively following a little way behind them. However, I had no need to be apprehensive; they were so friendly, just wanting to shake my hand. 
“Over here, John! Over here!” I kept hearing. I could barely keep up with the pace of events in this hectic environment. All the while, Commander Vadoran and his security staff were anxiously looking over our shoulders. It must have been a security nightmare for him and his staff. Something then happened that I will remember for the rest of my life.
An elderly lady grabbed my hand. “God bless you, John,” she said as all seemed to go quiet, at least in our immediate area of activity. “The ancient Kultarn prophecies predicted this,” she continued. “Listen, John, they read: Two Guardianships have been created. The two Guardianships will choose two Guardians. Those two Guardians will then come together as one and help prevent a terrible darkness from descending over the Galaxy. We know the war news is bad, John, but remember all the Solaran people are with you and Kronos, praying for the Kultarn miracle to come to pass.” 
Her hand then released its tenuous grip from mine as she slipped back into the crowd, smiling all the time until she disappeared from view altogether. As more and more eager citizens took her place, all wanting to wish me well, I was just about ready to drop. 
Commander Vadoran noticed my condition first and gestured to the Prime Minister and Kronos, whereupon all three of us slowly made our way back to the relative quiet of the Prime Minister’s residence as the crowd slowly went quiet, understanding our situation. The four of us retired to the Prime Minister’s private sitting room to recharge our batteries and discuss important pressing matters. 
“Thank you, John,” the Prime Minister said. “The Solaran people really appreciate the effort you made today to meet and get to know them. It won’t be forgotten.” 
“I try to be of service,” I replied, “and I am sorry about the incident with the Hellertron Ambassador; good job he has a sense of humour.” 
“Don’t worry,” Kronos said, “it is all forgotten about now.” 
“Yes, it was all a good morale boosting exercise,” barked Commander Vadoran in his usual straight forward manner, “but it is not going to change the course of the war—” 
“Talking about the war,” I interrupted, “is there anything else you can do, Prime Minister, to slow down the Kaytons’ advance on Earth?” 
“No, I am sorry, John,” the Prime Minister replied. “Our forces are fighting a rear-guard action as we speak. You are lucky the units in that sector of the front are experts in this sort of operation, their professionalism has bought you an extra day. Now if we commit any more forces to that area the Kaytons will start to get suspicious and wonder why we are fighting so heavily to defend what, on the face of it, is an unimportant part of the front. The original plan stands. If all goes well with Chris and Alana, you and Kronos will make the attempt to break the Transdamping barrier in three days’ time, actually launching the assault on the Drone command bunker the following morning. We estimate that will be about twenty-four hours before the Kayton battle squadron reaches Earth.” 
“Not much room for error is there, then?” I said in a very dejected tone. 
“I’m afraid not, John,” the Prime Minister replied. “But you must understand we are all working under tremendous pressure.” 
Kronos said, “There is one more service we would like to ask of you today.” 
“I’m all yours,” I replied. “Just name it.” 
“Well, of course, the Kaytons have themselves been searching in an effort to locate the second Guardianship; they are desperate to get hold of Kultarn technology to manipulate and use for their own ends. Even to the extent of launching deep penetration raids into Solaran and Hellertron territory, laying waste in the process many planets like Earth, sometimes only on the flimsiest of evidence. We have arranged, if you are agreeable, to meet the Kaytons in a neutral but secure location where the head of their scientific corps will conduct a verification check on your Guardianship. The confirmation process will not take long and by your actions you will have saved countless innocent lives.” 
“You’re full of surprises,” I replied, “but when you put it like that, how can I refuse? When do we leave?” 
“Well,” Kronos began, “how about now, John? Everything has been set up for us on the planet Marrilion in the Daygar system, right in the middle of no man’s land between the Solaran and Kayton battle lines. All we will have to do on arrival is wait for the Kaytons to turn up. Hopefully that shouldn’t be too long if they are travelling at maximum Translight speed.” 
“Oh you don’t let the grass grow under your feet,” I replied. “You’re working me like a Blackpool donkey; you are certainly getting your money’s worth out of me. Good job I’m not in the union, they would have me out on strike.” 
The Prime Minister and Kronos smiled, but not Commander Vadoran just stared at me in a disapproving manner, miserable old beggar. All four of us then rose to our feet as Kronos and I bade the Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran goodbye. We then both told our Guardianships our destination coordinates and before we knew it, we were on another world. 
As I left at the top of my voice I burst into song.
“Let the wind blow high, let the wind blow low. Up they kilt and all thy know. All the lassies shout hello singing ‘Vadoran, where’s your trousers?’

Nine

Emerging on the other side, I stood in amazement as I surveyed this strange new world I had been talked into travelling to. With ice-capped mountains in the distance and the edge of a huge forest a few hundred yards away, we were standing in a large clearing with a Solaran ship just a few yards away. 
“It’s got two Suns,” I observed. 
“Yes.” Kronos replied. “Binary systems are more common than you would think. Anyway, I promised you I would show you the Stars and I always keep my word.” 
“You’re not kidding,” I said. “I’m seeing sights no one on Earth has ever seen or is ever likely to see.” 
At that moment a group of Solaran crew members made their way over to us both. After the introductions, the Captain explained he had secured the immediate area, checking for anything out of the ordinary. Snipers had been placed at strategical points and the ships’ engines would be fired up and ready to go at a moment’s notice should the need arise. 
Kronos thanked him for being so efficient in covering all the eventualities. Estimated time of arrival of the Kaytons was two hours. The captain said we could wait in his private quarters until then. 
I asked Kronos if I could go for a short walk to take in my breath taking surroundings. He did not mind so long as I didn’t stray too far away from the ship. They didn’t want to be sending out search parties to find me or, worse still, keep the Kaytons waiting, after agreeing to his requests. 
I was on my own, heading towards the tree line. All so idyllic and peaceful, you wouldn’t think we were in the middle of a war zone in no man’s land. It was such a beautiful place. I christened it New Canada. On reaching the tree line, I noticed some flowers of a deep red colour. They looked like a cross between a rose and an orchid and made me think of that famous quote, A thing of beauty is a joy forever. I was just about to lean over and take a closer look when I heard rustling in the long grass to the right of me, then a voice saying, “It’s all right, Guardian John, I’m Solaran, just here to cover you during your meeting with the Kaytons in case they try anything untoward.” 
“Oh! You made me jump,” I replied, surveying this camouflaged soldier lying in the long grass with his high-powered sniper rifle at the ready. “Thanks for your concern,” I continued, “I will leave you to it, then.” 
I sheepishly retreated and made my entrance to the forest proper. Just a few yards in, I could see a group of butterflies coming my way. I came to a complete stop, remaining motionless and not wanting to divert them so that I could observe and appreciate them fully. They passed me by only a matter of inches, one actually landing on my shoulder, but only for a few brief moments before taking flight again so as not to get too far behind his compatriots. I thought it was a privilege that I was allowed to witness such sights in a far off distant place, but now it was back to the job in hand as I made my way back to the Solaran ship. 
As I approached, I could see Kronos laughing and joking with members of the crew. He certainly knew how to interact with a crowd, unlike my inexperienced attempts earlier, back on Sontral. He really took an interest in each individual, listening to their concerns, making that all-important connection with each of them. 
Once he had noticed me he came over. “Come on, John,” he said I will introduce you to the crew. They really want to meet you.” 
“Do I have to?” I replied. “I don’t know if I can cope with people’s expectations of me anymore.” 
People might ask about my friends in the bookies. That is being in a group. To me, though, that is more like work. I am there to make the maximum amount of money in the minimum amount of time with the minimum amount of cost to my entourage. Or, as Bob calls them, hangers on. Mind you, Dave said to Bob once, “You are the biggest hanger on of all.”
Sighing, Kronos said, “Please, for me, make the effort. Some of these men have been parted from their loved ones for months. Give them something to write home about; it’s not every day they get to meet two Guardians on a far off world.” 
With those words of encouragement to buoy me up, I straightened my arched back as if to attention, put a smile on my face and strode over to the assembled members of the crew. I shook hands with every one of them, asking each one of them in turn where they were from and did they have family waiting for them back home? Very few were from Sontral itself, most being from what they called the outer territories of the Commonwealth. One guy told me there were three Suns in his planetary system, reminding me of that old TV advert that no one can eat three shredded wheat. After those exhausting though rewarding moments it was back to work for the crew while Kronos and I retired to the Captain’s quarters on board ship for a well-earned short break. I felt so tired. 
After about an hour and a half, the Captain notified us that a Kayton Battle Cruiser was about to arrive. Kronos and I were just emerging from the Solaran ship as it was about to land. What a big flying saucer, I thought, as it came to a stop, hovering momentarily a few yards above the ground as its four landing legs extended from the superstructure. The ship then descended the final few yards to land on terra firma, firing its engines down and everything returning to its pre-arrival calm. 
I said, “How come it has taken them so long to get here if we are that close to the front lines?” 
“They have come direct from Tyros,” Kronos replied, “with some very important people on board. The head of their scientific corps, as well as the head of their security and intelligence services and, most importantly of all, three members of the Supreme Kayton Council will be present. Normally, Council members wouldn’t even leave the Citadel, never mind Tyros, especially to visit an area so close to the front lines. That’s how important your Guardianship is to them; you have no idea of the lengths they would go to in order to acquire Kultarn technology.” 
“Well, it’s always nice to be wanted,” I said. “I hope they will be satisfied with what they see.” 
At that moment a moveable ramp extended from the Kayton ship until it came to rest gently on the ground. When the ship’s door opened, the first to appear were two columns of Drone soldiers. They came marching out, as if from Noah’s ark, two by two and then forming up into two separate ranks, one either side of the ramp. It was just like Kronos had told me; they were mind-controlled, enslaved people with no emotions or feelings, just obeying the Kaytons’ every order without question. I could not help but admire their smart black uniforms that could have been ironed and pressed especially for this occasion. All were armed with what I could only describe as laser rifles, which looked to be a very deadly piece of kit. The headgear reminded me of what the skiers had worn at the recent Winter Olympics, especially those with visors that came down just below their eyes and tinted so you could not see them. 
Next to make to make their way down the ramp was a high ranking group of Kaytons. Actually, in appearance they looked no different to the Solaran people I had encountered over the last couple of days. 
As they formed up at the bottom of the ramp, Kronos said. “You see the one on the left? That is Drakos, head of the Kaytons’ Security and Intelligence Service. The smaller, middle-aged guy next to him is Wesker, the head of the Kaytons’ Scientific Corps. He is the one who will be conducting the verification tests on your Guardianship.” 
“You mean Kev,” I replied. 
Kronos smiled. “I had forgotten you were back on good terms with him. Now John, be very careful what you say to him. Don’t let him trick you; he is as slippery as they come.” 
“I will bear that in mind,” I replied. 
“Wesker and Drakos are both Solaran traitors,” Kronos continued, “who went over to the Kaytons quite a while ago. If captured and returned to Sontral they would be tried for High Treason and hanged. Wesker worked in a senior position for Professor Zinnerman in the science directorate. As for Drakos, he was Commander Vadoran’s second-in-command in S.I.S.” 
“Sound like a charming pair of characters,” I replied, “but what I can’t understand is why the Kaytons gave the pair of them such high ranking positions.” 
“That’s very simple to explain. It was done to encourage more Solarans to go over to the Kaytons, especially with the vast amount of wealth they were offering every defector.” 
“Did it have the desired effect?”
“Not really. You can count the number of defections to the Kaytons in the low hundreds.” 
As we finished speaking I could hear a low humming sound coming from the top of the ramp. Next, I noticed a round disc, hovering about five or six feet off the ground. A second, then a third disc appeared, all slowly making their way down the ramp. They must have been powered by some sort of anti-gravity device; certainly something beyond my comprehension. 
Apparently it was known as Z.A.G.S. – Zimmerit Anti-Gravity System. I assume Mr. Zimmerit was the inventor. He must be a very rich man now, once he had patented and licensed his invention.
Sitting on each disc in a depression in the middle was a very old man. Oh, they looked old and ugly, by comparison they made Bob look like a fit young man. I think there is a lot to be said for living fast and dying young. I christened them the three stooges, Larry, Mo, and Curly. 
As they came off the ramp a Kayton officer bellowed, “Present arms!” 
The two extended lines of Drones duly obliged and all the assembled Kayton entourage simultaneously bowed their heads in obeisance. 
The same officer then shouted, “Stand easy!” 
The Drones duly lowered their weapons and, as dutiful as ever, the rest of the Kayton entourage raised their heads after acknowledging their masters. 
“Those three are members of the Supreme Council, the ultimate decision-making body in the Kayton Empire,” Kronos said. 
I nodded. “I had gathered that. No spring chickens are they? Certainly look as though they have seen better days.” 
And there we all were, facing each other over no man’s land, the good, the bad and the very ugly.
Drakos then shouted over, “How’s tricks, Kronos? Long-time no see.” 
“Forever wouldn’t be long enough in your case,” Kronos replied. “I bet you would sell your own mother for the right price.” 
“At least I’m on the winning side,” Drakos remarked in a very sarcastic tone. 
“Let’s get on with it,” Kronos retorted. 
I could sense there was some very bad blood between the two of them, obviously from something that had happened in the past. 
“Right, John,” Kronos said, “walk over towards the Kayton lines. Wesker will meet you in the middle. He will verify your Guardianship then you make your way back to me and we will then be free to Transport ourselves back to Sontral.” 
“All right.” As I ever so slowly made my way across no man’s land, I felt like I was walking the plank, my feet becoming heavier with every step I took. Then, finally, I was in the middle, face to face with Wesker who had arrived there just before me, no doubt much keener than I was to proceed. He raised his hand to shake mine, which I refused. 
“Guardian John,” he began, “it’s an honour to meet you. I am Wesker, head of the Kaytons Scientific Corps.” 
“Whiskers…” I replied. 
“No, Wesker,” he said.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry. I thought you said Whiskers; that is what I feed my cat, Felix. I must be getting hard of hearing.” 
“That’s quite all right, John,” Wesker said. “I’m afraid age catches up with us all eventually. I am just going to take some readings to confirm your Guardianship; it won’t take long.” 
He took in every comment I made, you could almost see his mind ticking over. As he analyzed and dissected every word I uttered he immediately stored it in the recesses of his brain. There for future reference. I could imagine him being keen at chess, planning his moves well in advance.
Pot bellied Wesker came out to play
He tried to con me into bad ways
But I realized, and went on my own way.
He then scanned Kev with his hand-held device, which was very similar to what Chris had used on me back on Sontral. 
“Nice place this, isn’t it, John? Very peaceful. What’s your home Planet like?” 
“Nice try,” I replied. “Do I look that green? Like I was born yesterday? You will have to do better than that if you want to get anything out of me.” 
“I was just making polite conversation, John. You shouldn’t believe everything Kronos and the Solarans are telling you, spoon feeding you with their lies. The Kaytons only want peace and friendship with the Solarans, I can testify to that. As we speak, the Kaytons are trying to open peace negotiations with the Solarans with no pre-conditions and with everything on the table up for discussion, as a good will gesture. What more could you ask for, John? I know from my contacts on Sontral that many members of parliament and even some ministers in the Cabinet would like to open negotiations with the Kaytons. It is that nasty, uncompromising Prime Minister and that vicious, vindictive Commander Vadoran who block every genuine peace attempt. In so doing, they are prolonging the war and hence the suffering on both sides. You think the Solarans are better than the Kaytons John, paying the indigenous people of the mineral systems below the minimum wage to labour in the mines for them. (True while the private companies were in charge, but when the Government found out what was happening, they took over the whole operation and improved wages and conditions for the workers.)” 
I in turn pointed in the direction of the Drones. “So those men over there are not slaves, then?” 
“They are nothing more than savages, John,” Wesker replied, “pacified for the duration of the conflict. Once the war has been successfully concluded they will gradually be released back into civilisation into what the Kaytons call their Greater Galactic Prosperity Sphere, hopefully in partnership with the Solarans.” 
At last his readings were complete and he turned towards the Kayton lines, nodding to Drakos to confirm that Kev was the Guardianship and I was definitely the Guardian. 
“Nice little yarn you have spun me,” I replied, “but I wouldn’t trust you or anything you have told me, any further than I could throw you. Can I go now? Some of us have homes to go to.” 
As I stared at him in an agitated and impatient manner, he turned towards me one last time, saying in a very soft, disarming voice, “John, if you come back with me right now the Kaytons will give you power and wealth beyond your wildest dreams. They will be good friends to you.” 
I stared him squarely in the eyes. “I can do without friends and I have had my fair share of unlimited power and wealth before and it did nothing but corrupt me, turning me into a nasty piece of work not even fit to lick my late parents’ boots. So if it’s all the same to you, I will decline your very generous offer.” 
“If you change your mind, John, you know where to find us.” 
“Don’t hold your breath; you could have a long wait.” 
As we both parted company, making our way back to our respective front lines, Wesker looked at Drakos, shaking his head and saying, “No, he won’t join us.” 
As for me, I was just glad it was all over as I made my way back to Kronos and the safety of the Solaran forces. 
The Kaytons quickly decamped back into their ship, no doubt disappointed at not getting their own way. Firing up their engines, their craft hovered momentarily to retract the landing gear and then almost instantaneously they shot away into the distance on their long voyage back to Tyros.
Good riddance to bad rubbish, I thought.
Higgildy piggildy Zigildy Zag.
Wesker and Drakos were so bad,
Blinked in life and dark in outlook,
When they are gone,
They will be death do parted. 
“Well done,” Kronos said. “That all went off without a hitch.” 
“Wesker asked me to join the Kaytons,” I replied. “He offered me fabulous riches if I turned.” 
Kronos nodded. “I thought he would make you an offer. I can read Wesker and the Kaytons like a book.” 
“If I had accepted,” I replied, “would you have had me taken out by one of those snipers?” 
Smiling and not answering me directly, he just said, “I knew you wouldn’t.” 
That certainly made me think. Oh, it sent a shiver down my spine and made me wonder what the hell I had got myself mixed up in. If it came down to it, I wonder if he would have taken me out.
After thanking and saying goodbye to the crew, we Transported ourselves back to Sontral. Kronos wanted to Transport us both to the Prime Minister’s residence to inform him and Commander Vadoran what had transpired. However, I insisted we Transport directly into my living quarters. He could speak to the Prime Minister and the Commander later. I wanted a private word with him on my own and he reluctantly agreed to my request.
On arrival back in my quarters, Kronos said, “What is on your mind, John? Something is certainly bothering you. Spit it out; let’s have it.” 
“You’re not telling me everything that is going on,” I replied. “Wesker said the Kaytons have offered the Solarans peace talks with no pre-conditions and everything on the table up for discussion.” 
“Do you really believe that, John? It’s nothing more than a ploy to split the Solarans from their alliance with the Hellertrons. Yes, they might come to an accommodation with the Solaran but there will be no such treatment for the Hellertrons. The Kaytons may treat Solaran soldiers and civilians who fall into their hands with reasonable propriety, but the same cannot be said of the Hellertrons they capture.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“John, they put them to work in their war factories and mines… men, women and children, no distinctions made. There have also been reports of atrocities being committed against the Hellertron military and civilian population and while this behaviour is certainly not state sponsored, the Kayton authorities are definitely turning a blind eye to what is going on. That is everything laid bare on the table for everyone to see; you can take it or leave it, John. The choice is yours. Now if you will excuse me, I will make my report to the Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran as to how the Guardianship verification progressed. Make sure you get a good night’s sleep. Your mission training will start for real in the morning… be ready.” 
We bade each other goodnight and I was left to my own devices for the remainder of the evening. As I lay in bed that night, I reflected on the day’s hectic events and contemplated what was in store for me tomorrow. I was determined to be a model pupil – teacher’s pet. Mind you, when I was at school all those years ago I hadn’t always been so. No way did I like doing sports, especially when it was cold, wet and windy in the middle of winter. In fact, I resorted to writing my own sick notes that went something like this: 
Dear Teacher, please excuse John from sports because he has a bad cold. 
I became very proficient at forging my mother’s signature.
I’m afraid sports were never my strong suit in the great scheme of unfolding life experiences. Although in the summer of 1970, while I was attending Richmond Hill Junior School, I did make a determined effort to get into the cricket team. During morning break, the Headmaster, Mr. Fenby held practice for all the budding hopefuls. Like myself. 
It was a bit of an anti-climax. Mr. Fenby played catch by throwing a few cricket balls, then said to all the young hopefuls. “Come back this afternoon.” But I never made it as I had other fish to fry. My mother took me to the Odeon picture house to see Beneath The Planet Of The Apes. So my one shot at sporting glory ended. Who knows what might have happened had I made the team, maybe it would have built my confidence up.
 I remember when we broke up for the summer holidays in late July, we received our school reports. In the column for sports I got a double E for effort and attainment; the worst marks imaginable. Where it said teacher’s comments he had written, ‘John has had every illness it is possible to live with as an excuse.’ He actually said to me once, ‘If you were a horse I would have you shot.’ I never forgave Mister Linton for that. I hope he had a miserable retirement. My science teacher wrote “John rarely participates in activities.” I suppose you could call me non-conformist. 
I remember the first day at big school, Cross Green Comprehensive in September 1970. I was the tender age of eleven. It only seems like yesterday. It is funny how you always remember the emotionally charged moments in life. We all stood in the playground waiting for our names to be called. Mine was in the very last batch. That was the bottom class. How embarrassing. Things got even worse later on. The Headmaster asked me my name.
“John Davenport,” I replied.
“You’re supposed to say ‘Sir’,” he said.
“Sir John Davenport,” I shrugged. 
“A smart Alec, I hope you’re not going to be a hard case” he replied. “What do you want, cane or slipper?”
I chose the cane, and got six of the best. Mind you, they say revenge is sweet and so it turned out. The Headmaster had his own toilet. I sneaked in one afternoon when it was very quiet and put black boot polish on the seat. I would have loved to have seen his face when he found out what had happened. 

Ten

It had been early to bed and early to rise for me as I sat in the armchair first thing in the morning, waiting for my betters to arrive. On the appointed hour, Kronos and Commander Vadoran duly arrived, but on this occasion, they had somebody with them I had not set eyes on before. 
A slim, dark-haired figure of a woman wearing military fatigues approached me slowly and calmly. 
“John, this is Freema,” Kronos said. 
Extending her hand to shake mine, she said, “It’s a pleasure and an honour to meet you, Guardian John.” 
“I can assure you, Freema,” I replied, shaking her hand, “the pleasure is all mine.” 
“Now, John,” Kronos said, “Freema trains our agents in the use of firearms and explosives, just the sort of skills you will need to master. We thought she would be the ideal person to train you for the mission. She has been given the highest security clearance, having been briefed in full on the Majestic project. You and Freema now join the exclusive little group of people who now make up the Majestic Nine. Now I think the best thing Commander Vadoran and I can do is to leave you and Freema to get on with the job in hand. We will both pay you a visit in a couple of days’ time to see how you are progressing.”
We all then bade our farewells, Kronos and Commander Vadoran turning left after leaving my quarters to go back to the underground railway platform. Freema and I took a right in a direction I had not gone before. We continued down what seemed an even longer corridor, obviously making our way to our training area. 
“John, thanks for taking the trouble yesterday to go out and meet the Solaran people,” Freema said. “I know they really appreciated what you did. It is all over our news networks.” 
“I try my best,” I replied, “but I don’t think I warrant all this attention.” 
“People need something to cling on to,” Freema said. “Having both Guardians on our side is a real morale booster; we have had nothing but bad news since the Hellertrons collapsed.” 
“Let’s hope things will change for the better soon, then,” I replied.
Freema asked me how my meeting had gone with the Kaytons yesterday.
“Pretty well. I think they are the biggest tyrants since Adolf Hitler on my home planet…” 
Freema stopped us both dead in our tracks, putting her right index finger over my lips. In a very agitated voice, she said, “Never ever make any reference to your home planet again, John. If the Kaytons ever found out its location you could be sentencing all its inhabitants to certain death. That is what happened to Kronos’s home planet.” 
“By the same mistake I just made?” 
“No. Drakos betrayed him when he defected to the Kaytons, who immediately sent a battle squadron of ships deep behind Solaran lines.” 
“Was everybody lost?” 
“There were no survivors, John. Ten billion people killed, including Kronos’s wife and five children. We intercepted and destroyed all the Kayton ships before they reached the safety of the Kayton lines. That was small comfort though for the national disgrace Drakos caused. Through his actions, the post of Deputy of S.I.S was abolished forever. Only Kronos, the Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran know the location of your home planet, John. Keep it that way for your people’s sake.” 
I nodded in acceptance as we both made our way to our final destination, but this time in complete silence. 
On reaching the security doors, Freema used her pass to gain entry and we both walked in. 
“Lights on,” Freema said. As the whole room lit up, the doors closed behind us, reminding me of a large aircraft hangar because of the arched ceiling. 
“Well, this is it, John. Your training ground for the next three working days. To the right is a firing range for weapons training. To your left is a mock-up of the Drone Command Bunker Control Room, all specifications supplied by Adema, our deep cover agent on Tyros.” 
“Do you know Adema personally?” I asked. 
Freema nodded. “Yes, but I haven’t seen him for over three years. Since he embedded himself on Tyros he has had access to the Citadel for the last six months on various work details. To this day he remains our one and only operative on Tyros. He is confident he can get you and Kronos into the Drone Command Bunker on his work detail undetected. If all goes according to plan you should not get into a fire fight but you will have to clear two check points, one to gain entry to the Citadel and the second to gain access to the Drone command bunker itself. Once you have made your way to the control room proper, the technicians must be killed to stop them making emergency repairs. Hopefully any subsequent repair teams will arrive far too late. Next, the four charges will have to be placed very precisely and then, finally, you will need to do as much damage to the control panels as possible with your laser rifle. All this should sever the connection to the control beacon which lies on top of the Citadel. The rebellion should then begin bringing their whole empire down by crashing in on itself.” 
“What is the opposition like in the Citadel itself?” I asked. “Just old men and boys, with all the fit young men fighting on the various battle fronts?” 
“I’m afraid not, John. You will be up against elements of the first Strike Division. It is three times the strength of a normal division. One third of it is always stationed on Tyros to protect the supreme Kayton Council as well as all their command and control assets in the Citadel. The division itself is mostly made up of Vogarans, turned into Drones from the conquered planet of Tau Seti. Of all the individual planets the Kaytons have subdued, Tau Seti gave them the hardest time… really vicious warriors. Even now, Tau Seti has the strongest resistance movement of any occupied planet. We reckon the Kaytons are having to station twice as many troops as normal just to keep the situation under control.” 
“Do you supply them?” 
“Yes,” Freema replied. “S.I.S supplies the resistance movements on all occupied planets with weapons and advisors. We use fast gun-running ships to get in and out as quickly as possible. I think, along with bomb disposal, they are the two most dangerous jobs in the Solaran armed forces. Another point that I think is worth mentioning is that all the governments from the occupied planets are operating in exile on Sontral or Ruatarn. But not so the government of Tau Seti; they are the only ones that are still on their home planet, directing their resistance movement on the spot. Such is their determination and devotion. They are also the only occupied planet to have succeeded in assassinating their Kayton Governor, although in retaliation terrible reprisals were inflicted on the civilian population. I’m afraid I have to tell you, John, the Drones you will be facing in the Citadel are the best of their best. That is why it is imperative you do not get into a fire fight with them.” 
“This just gets worse and worse,” I thought “Where is it going to end?”
“You certainly know how to cheer a guy up,” I replied out loud. As I digested the shocking information Freema had just told me, how on earth am I going to extricate myself from this intolerable situation that I now find myself in? 
“To start with,” Freema said, “I will need to know what military training you have undergone so that I know what level to start you at.” 
“Well that is simple. None whatsoever. My father was in the army for six years but my country phased out compulsory military service, it finally ended in 1963 (America followed ten years later in 1973.).” Now to describe the look on Freema’s face as shocked would be an understatement.
“If you find somebody else, though, I will certainly help you train them,” I continued, trying to make light of the embarrassing situation I now found myself in. 
“It is no joking matter, John,” Freema retorted. “I thought you would have at least had some basic military training.” She shook her head in disbelief, as if I were a lamb being led to the slaughter.
 “We had better start on the firing range,” she continued.” 
On our arrival at the range, Freema picked up a weapon. “Now, John, look closely. This is the Kaytons’ latest mark three pulse jet laser rifle, very light weight, very reliable and very deadly. This is what you and Kronos will be armed with on Tyros. Pay attention to my three cardinal rules; look, listen and learn. This switch is up for single shot, down for rapid fire. That is all you have to remember. To acquire a target, just align the eye piece to the end of the barrel tip, pick your target and squeeze don’t pull the trigger, got it?” 
“Yes, I think so.” I laid down on my stomach, then on Freema’s command I started taking pot shots at the targets. After a few minutes I started to at least hit the outer part of the target and for me, that was an achievement. Then Freema knelt down beside me, trying to align me better with the target. 
“Get a firmer grip,” she said, “the barrel is wobbling too much.” 
“I know how it feels,” I replied. I persevered but not with much improvement. 
She handled it as though it were an extension of her own body.
“Do you sleep with one under your bed?” I asked. She shook her head but confirmed that she kept a knife under her pillow, so if any threat arose she could dispatch it in a moment. She thrust her arm out in a straight stab, as I cringed. 
“You have got to do better than this,” Freema said. If you can’t even hit a stationary target, how on earth are you going to be able to hit a moving one?” 
I sighed despondently. “At least I’m trying; cut me some slack.” 
The morning wore on but the hits on target only improved marginally. I was glad when we had a tea break. At least I got a rest from the constant nagging; it was worse than being married. As we made our way to the table I crept up behind her, touching her hair with my right hand.
“Oh, what nice curly hair you have, Freema,” I murmured. 
The next thing I knew was, with lightning speed, she grabbed my right arm and then threw my whole body over her shoulder. 
As I landed on the deck Freema, with a big smile on her face, said, “Consider this your first lesson in self-defence.” 
“You cheeky little minx,” I replied. “I’ve heard of falling for someone but this is ridiculous… oh, my bad back is killing me. I don’t think I like your tone with me today, Freema.” 
“Well, you had better get used to it because it is going to be the same tomorrow, and the day after that.
Never overextend yourself, it leaves you vulnerable and off balance. And never lose your temper, for if you do you will always lose.”
I rose to my feet, joining her at the table to lick my wounded pride. 
“I would rather be hard with you know,” she continued, “and live to tell the tale rather than like me and come back in a body bag.” 
She certainly gave me something to think about while we devoured our tea and sandwiches but, alas, break time was over all too quickly. 
“Back to work now, John,” Freema said. “We will try you with a moving target.” 
As we made our way over to the firing range I watched as she worked on the control panel, resulting in holographic silver-coloured human figures appearing and moving randomly in different directions. 
“Very impressive,” I said. “How does it work?” 
“You see the cameras on the ceiling? They are projecting the image you see on the ground and this dial controls their speed, which is on slow at the moment for your benefit. Now we will have you in the standing firing position.” 
She helped me assume the correct firing position, rifle butt tight into my shoulder, right hand holding the appropriate part of the gun barrel. 
“Off you go, John. Aim just ahead of your target and then squeeze the trigger.” 
“Okay,” I replied as I tried in vain to hit what I called those dancing silver men. It was as if they were laughing at me, mocking me on masse. 
“Come on, John.  Come on, you’ve got to do better than this.” 
“I thought that for my first attempt it wasn’t half bad, I will have you know I am missing Emmerdale and Coronation Street to be here.” I said.
“I’m telling you John,” Freema replied, “It was all bad.”
“I nearly hit the one on the left,” I replied, still feverishly trying to hit at least one of those elusive sly little silver devils. 
“No good, John. No good!” Freema exclaimed. 
My patience finally snapped and I lowered my rifle. “I’ve had enough; let’s see you do any better!” I thought to myself I should like it if Freema was a little bit more sociable.
She angrily grabbed the rifle, turning her back on the targets to compose herself after our harsh exchange of words, telling me to count to three before she made her move. I was standing next to the control panel and I noticed the dial that regulated the speed of the targets. With a cheeky grin on my face because I was a bad boy, I turned the dial to maximum so that all the targets were moving as fast as whippets. Got you, I thought. 
“One, two, three…” 
With lightning speed, she turned on the targets, firing and hitting each one in quick succession. I could only look on, open-mouthed in amazement at her proficiency. Now she was the one with a big smile on her face as she threw the rifle back towards me. I think she must have known what I had done, because the higher the speed the louder the sound, the targets made moving across the floor.
As I grabbed it, she said, “Now it’s your turn. Let’s see you do a lot better; I want to see a big improvement before we finish today.” 
“Yes, Freema, love.” What else could I do but submit to the inevitable? Just like my cat, Felix, head down, tail between his legs, I was the dead end kid of Sontral. 
At least she showed me leniency by turning the speed of the holograms back to their previously slow speed for my benefit. After that it was back to work for me, feverishly firing and eventually, after much effort, getting some shots on target. What a nice feeling it was to get the better of at least a few of those slippery silver shadows. 
“Hit! Hit! Hit! Better, John; you’re finally getting the hang of it.”
It was like the song, Hit that perfect hit that perfect hit that perfect beat boy
As I carried on firing, I must have been acquiring enough of the targets to get on the good side of her because after a while she said, “Have a break, John. I think you have deserved it.” 
As I sat down I saw Freema pick up a small suitcase that was situated next to the holographic control panel. I eagerly eyed it up, wondering what it contained.
After joining me, she opened the suitcase. “I know you have been dying to know what is in the case.” She took out five small items, placing them on the table. Four of them were the same size, like small building bricks. The fifth was a smaller, square shape. She picked up one of the brick shapes. 
“This is Krotonium, John. The Kaytons’ most powerful plastic explosive and what you will be using on Tyros, on the power relay system in the control room of the Drone command bunker. I cannot stress enough the importance of placing the charges correctly for maximum effect to sever the signal to the transmitting beacon which is located on top of the Citadel.” 
“Why don’t you target the beacon instead?” I asked. “It must be less well protected than the control room which is situated deep within the bunker complex.” 
“Good question, John. Nice to see you using your initiative. The problem is there are four smaller beacons positioned around the Citadel. They would automatically kick in if the main beacon was taken out. Normally the subsidiary ones are only used if the main beacon is off line during maintenance. Now I would like you to handle the explosives to get used to their size and weight. Don’t worry, I’ve disarmed them. I don’t trust you with live ordnance yet.” 
I gave them a good once over. “They are a lot lighter than I expected.” 
“You will see, Freema said, “that one side is darker than the others. This is the magnetised side which you place on the targets – in this case, the four power relay points in the control room. 
“That’s a good idea,” I replied. “Just remember dark side up.” 
Then she picked up what I called the small box. “And finally, this is the detonator. Easy to use, but still treat it with respect. It’s disarmed at the moment. Just press the one and only switch down to arm; a small round plunger will then automatically pop out for about an inch. Press the plunger in and then release; that will detonate the explosives. Got all that, John?” 
“Yes, Freema, love.” 
She then handed me the detonator to practice the sequence a few times, which I thought was easy enough. It made a change to get a nice easy job I could sail through with ease. But of course it didn’t last; things got harder when she put a blindfold over my eyes to hopefully make it second nature for me as I accomplished the same task in the dark. She must have had her hands on the table because my hands encountered hers, so just to break the monotony I fondled her hands just for a laugh. Mind you, she didn’t take it that way and snapped at me. 
“John! It is not a game. If you make one mistake on Tyros you will not only get yourself killed but you’ll also end up getting Kronos and Adema killed in the process.” 
Really fed up, I took the blindfold off and threw it on the floor as hard as I could. 
Freema was vigorously shaking her head with disapproval.
“Do you think I don’t know that?” I asked. “I’ve got to have some sort of release every now and then. I sometimes feel as though I’m approaching total collapse, crushed under the massive weight of worry and expectation on my shoulders and people feeding off me for their own ends. I’ve had enough. I feel as though I am already being measured up for my coffin with certain death waiting for me on Tyros. I must have been a fool for agreeing to all this in the first place.” 
Freema gave me a pitiful look. “The Solaran people are so proud of you, John, so grateful you joined us in our fight against the Kaytons, all hoping against hope for the Kultarn prophesy to come true. All I’m trying to do is get you to a standard where all the preparation and training will become second nature to you so that you will do all your tasks instinctively on Tyros and in so doing, return safely.” She smiled. “I tell you what, let’s just do a few more minutes with the blindfold on, then we will call it a day until tomorrow.”
 Having calmed down, I acquiesced to her request and the rest of the session passed off without incident. 
“Well done, John. That was not so bad, was it? Let’s leave it there for today. We can pick up where we left off, tomorrow.” 
“I won’t disagree with that sentiment,” I replied.” 
I could just imagine my first day’s report call from Freema. It would say something like “Must try harder – more sustained effort required.”
As we both stood up, Freema placed the explosives back in the small suitcase, leaving them on the table ready for the next day’s session. After turning all the machinery off, we left what I had christened the Sweat Shop as Freema said, “Lights off” and then locked the security doors with her pass. We then made the long walk back to my quarters in almost total silence, both of us having a lot to think about. 
My first day’s training came to an end. Whoever came up with the idea of a having a woman train me, I take my hat off to them. They knew full well I would be more amenable to a woman training me. If it had been a man, I’d probably have swung for them me by now. She pushed me hard, but I thought to myself that I had been ducking and diving since before she was born.
 When I worked at Lewis’s department store every evening when I left work there outside the main entrance was an old guy who was selling the Evening Post. He had the same tag line he always used. “I’ve had a terrible day – come and get your Evening Post.” I knew what he felt like. Someone told me that the seller had once been a successful businessman. He’d lost it all, maybe through drink. Now, in his twilight years, he could only reminisce about the past to anyone who was willing to listen. 
Talking about people down on their luck we come to the Barnsley Bomb Tramp. He was around in the early seventies. My mum told me that every now and then the health board would take him into St James’ hospital and give him a carbolic bath and a thorough de-louse. Then he was set free to ply his unwanted trade until next time. I remember he had a nice tan because of his outdoor life style. Once in the outside market I was kicking a pile of empty boxes. I didn’t realize that he was asleep at the bottom of the heap. He suddenly stood up and gave me a torrent of abuse. Needless to say I was off like the clappers, as fast as my little legs would carry me.  
Then there was Woodbine Liz. She was before my time, but one of the older guys, Ken from Lewis’s told me about her. Apparently, she used to sit at the top of Leeds market telling passersby to “Give me a cig…” She used to be married to a doctor, once. What happened to take her down the path she followed?
“Goodnight, John. Have a good night’s rest. I will report today’s progress to Commander Vadoran before I retire myself. See you bright and early in the morning.”   Freema brought me back to the present.
“Goodnight, Miss,” I replied. As I retired to my room I remembered when I was on a course at Best on Roundhay Road in Leeds. There was a young man called Jonathan Crumby who always called the tutor, Tammy, ‘Miss.’ To get out of doing coursework he did not like, he would come up with excuses like, “Miss, I have heard they are looking for labourers at Thacker’s on Roundhay Road. Can I go and enquire, Miss?” 
Tammy always replied, “All right, Jonathan, but you must bring written evidence back to prove you have been,” She once said to me, “Oh I hate that lad. He’s horrible. I will be glad when he has finished the course. I never want to see him again as long as I live.” But here lies the very cautionary tale of Jonathan Crumby… he was born on Monday, christened on Tuesday, married on Wednesday, but died on Thursday – she must have been a bad one – and on Friday he came back to haunt all those people he didn’t like, so be very careful what you wish for, Tammy. It might come back to haunt you one day. Much later I found out that she had moved to Newcastle with her boyfriend Steve, apparently Newcastle was her home city. We called her main sidekick job log Leslie, I am not joking, if I was on my death bed. She would say. “John before you croak it, don’t forget to fill your job log in.
Anyway, I was now on my own with no one to nag me or order me about. I felt like I was back at school with Freema reporting me to the headmaster, Commander Vadoran. I bet I was going to get a double E for effort and attainment. I couldn’t even write my own sick notes now… Dear Freema, please excuse John from mission training as he does not feel well… no, she would never fall for it, even with my mother’s forged signature to back me up. It seemed I was going to have to dance to Freema’s tune at least for the foreseeable future, all a far cry from when I was back on Earth, pulling bank jobs to pay for my extravagant lifestyle. All that lovely money. The more you have, the more you want. And the more you get, the faster it grows. This was greed with a capital C.
 Now look at me, a broken man living like a pauper. 

Eleven

Anyway, after a bite to eat I made myself comfortable in the armchair and watched the news on television. I’m afraid it was all bad though, since the Hellertrons had collapsed in what the newscaster called the Battle of Koresh. From what I could make out, it was like the battle of Cannae but fought out in space by the two opposing battle fleets. The Kaytons sucked the Hellertron fleet in and then surrounded them from the flanks. And defeated them in detail in an ultra-fast war of movement. Some Hellertron ships managed to escape but the vast majority were destroyed or captured. The Hellertron battle fleet was finished as an effective fighting force, now being reduced to a mere auxiliary force. 
The joke now going around the Hellertron armed forces was. “If you see a black battle cruiser, it’s Kayton,” it began. “If it is white, it’s Solaran, and if you don’t see anything at all, it’s Hellertron.” This period was known to the Kayton armed forces as The Great Happy Time, as they swept all before them. In their relentless now seemingly unstoppable advance across the Galaxy. 
Apparently, millions of Hellertron civilians were fleeing the advancing Kaytons. In what the Hellertrons euphuistically called strategical withdrawals to shorter and more favourable positions. The refugees needed no encouragement, being propelled by sheer terror. They were all making their way to Ruatarn and the surrounding systems along with the Hellertron military and Solaran reinforcements to make a final stand. What the newsreels did not show you, as I was watching the panic evacuation of Tarakhan were the very ugly scenes that were unfolding at the various Transport evacuation points, with people fighting to get on board a ship to safety. Order was only restored when the Hellertron military police arrived. In one case they had to fire over the heads of the civilians.  One young soldier after firing over the crowd, shook like a leaf. 
“Steady lad,” reassured his NCO, “you’ve done well. Hold fast, stay focused and alert. Remember your discipline and training.” 
“If they make a rush for the ships again, shoot to kill,” ordered a commandant to his junior officer, helping people to their feet who had been trampled in the stampeded. He pulled up a small girl who was still crying.
“Hush my love. What’s your name?”
“Renda,” came the hesitant reply.
“Good luck Renda.” He said, as he handed her back to her waiting parents, waving the three of them through to the last transport before the next wave arrived. As he did so the father of the little girl said “thank you” to the officer. Then, with the help of a flight attendant they boarded the already over loaded ship. The attendant said too Renda, “you can sit with me.”
“Call yourself citizens of the Republic,” The senior officer shouted to the crowd, “you’re no more than cowards, the lot of you.” The crowd bowed their heads in a silent show of shame.
A junior officer approached him. “Sir,” he said, “General Marek is here.”
He got straight to the point.
“How long have I got,” the commanding officer asked the General.
“The Kaytons will be here in less than two hours,” came the reply.
“It’s not long enough. Can you buy me more time?”
General Marek looked squarely at the officer.
“I’m pressing all my service and supply troops into the front line. I’m even taking up arms myself, along with all my HQ staff. It would help, though, if some of these men, so called citizens of the Republic, would join me in the fight to delay the Kaytons.”
All went silent, the crowd contemplating his words. An old man then hobbled out of the crowd and said. “I was in the Third Ruatarn Guards’ Division.” This was one of the original three divisions of the Republic. It had a proud tradition of success. “So, I volunteer,” he continued. “Too make the Kayton’s plan unfeasible.” Silence ensued momentarily, then there was movement in the crowd 
As one by one men stepped forward. Like water through a bursting river defense, the trickle then became a flood. “I volunteer.” The words were repeated many times. As goodbyes were said to their wives and their children, soon General Marek’s group had swelled. A 15 year old boy was arguing with his parents, he was intent on joining the fight. He whispered into his Father ear. “I want this Father as much as you have what you want in life then I want this, please let me go.” His mother shouting. “You cannot let him go he’s only a boy.” After a slight pause the boy’s Father said. “Under the emergency war powers act he is now classed as a man. So I am not going to stand in his way.” With that the family said its goodbyes and parted company.    
“Good luck,” the voice of a lone military police officer carried to General Marek. 
“We’re going to need it,” he replied. “Go on, get these women and children out now, make use of the extra time we are going to buy for you.” Then, with a smile, he added, “I’ll see you in the officers’ club on Ruatarn when the war is over. The military police officer knew this was a tall tale, if ever he had heard one, but he nodded, as General Marek led his motley collection of men back towards the front line, he returned to the task of speeding up the evacuation of the women, children and the elderly. As the next batch of transports began to arrive to pick up their precious cargos.
I’m afraid enough was enough for me as I started flipping the channels until I found their equivalent of cartoons. Well I had always found them funny when I was a youngster. I remember when I was very young, my mother used to take me to watch the cartoons at the cinema on city square once a week. During the school holidays I would watch the full length animated feature films that did the rounds at the cinema. My favourite was the 1959 full length feature, Sleeping Beauty. The end scene always stuck in my mind where Prince Philip was fighting his way through the overgrown forest. Then he had to take on the wrath of the witch who then turned into a dragon. He only had his three little fairies for help, Flora, Fauna and Merry weather. They put a spell on Prince Philip’s sword, chanting words to the effect: ‘Sword of justice, sword of good, strike home true, and strike home good.’ Prince Philip then took aim, throwing his sword into the dragon’s heart, killing it and by so doing, winning the day. 
At the time, the film itself lost money. I think it too closely resembled the story line of the first full length animated feature film released in 1937, Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs. Also, by the late nineteen-fifties they were becoming very expensive to make. Each individual frame had to be hand-painted, in a process called inking, which was very labour intensive. Sleeping Beauty was the last to be made that way. The next full length animated feature, 101 Dalmatians, released in 1961, used a new, more automated process, which enabled the film to make a profit, so setting the standard for all future releases. The actress who plays Carla, the factory owner in Coronation Street, reminds me of Cruella de Ville in 101 Dalmatians, even the voice sounds like her. I will never forget the scene when she grabs the child’s teddy bear and says, ‘You will never see Teddy again.’ Well, you have to laugh, don’t you? So it was a terrible shock when Mister Walt Disney passed away on December 15th 1966, ten days after his 65th birthday. I’m sure everyone’s thoughts were with his wife, Lillian, and daughters, Diane and Sharon, for their sad loss. Special thanks must also be given to his brother, Mister Roy Disney, who was seven years older than Walt, but by his tireless efforts over the years, he kept the business afloat during the many difficult financial times and in so doing, ensured a lasting legacy. He carried on his brother’s good work, culminating in the opening ceremony of Walt Disney World in Florida in October 1971. Sadly, he passed away that December but, as with his brother five years earlier, I’m sure everyone’s thoughts were with his wife, Edna, and son, Roy junior. If I had been privileged enough to meet them both individually, I would have said to them, ‘Thank you, Messrs. Disney… thank you for bringing so much happiness to the world and enriching so many people’s lives.’ 
I must have fallen asleep in the armchair with the television still on as there was a loud knock on the door which woke me up.
“All right!” I shouted. “I’m coming. You’re making enough noise to wake the dead, I can’t get a minute’s peace.” 
On opening the door, guess who was standing there… yes it was Freema, dressed in her civilian night out clothes and what a stunner she looked. A real sight for sore eyes. 
“Good evening, Freema, love,” I said. “I didn’t recognise you with your clothes on. What can I do for you on this pleasant evening?” 
After giving me a somewhat surprised look for the comment I had just made, she replied, “Hi, John. Would you like to come to the officers’ club for a couple of hours to relax and unwind, take your mind off things?” 
“I don’t know about that,” I said, inviting Freema into my quarters. “I’m tired of people hounding me.” 
“It’s alright, John. I have instructed everyone not to approach you.” 
“Okay, you have talked me into it.” Well, how could I refuse such an offer from someone so good looking? 
After a quick shower and change, we were on our way, taking the underground railway system and arriving at the officers’ club within half an hour of our departure. Freema was true to her word; no one spoke or approached us as we walked in and took a vacant table. Mind you, I would not have wanted to get on the wrong side of her. 
I sat down while Freema went over to the bar to get some drinks. As she placed her order with the bartender, a very drunken looking guy who must have known her, said, “Oh, it’s Freema… our little Freema. Too good for the likes of us since you became Vadoran’s golden girl.” 
“I think you have had enough to drink, Drexler,” Freema replied. “I’m surprised you have any money left to drown your sorrows with, considering how much you spend in the casinos. Go home while you can still walk.” 
“Even got the plum job looking after the Guardian,” Drexler continued, “but what exactly do you have to do for him to keep him happy?” 
Well, that was a comment too far. As he chuckled to himself, Freema grabbed him by the scruff of the neck with both hands and very quickly frogmarched him off the premises to the sound of loud cheers from all the other patrons in the bar. Very aggressively, she pushed him face first on to the floor and as he landed, he was sick.
“You filthy pig, you’re a disgrace to the uniform!” She snapped. Two other guys offered to take him home, but Freema said, “No, leave him in the gutter where he belongs.” Drexler continued to be sick as she strode back into the bar everybody, including me, was clapping. Freema, straight-faced, just collected our drinks from the bartender, who said they were on the house. Then, after all that excitement, she finally joined me for that so-called quiet drink we were meant to share together.
Her eyes were still bulging with rage, so as soon as she sat down I smiled and said, “Oh, Freema, Freema, with her big brown eyes, piercing the night like shards of light; as wise as an owl, as quick as a deer, she works me so hard I live in fear. Now she tells me all this is for my own good, to keep me alive so think on, John, be good.” 
She smiled. “Silly boy.” 
“Is it always as rowdy as this?” I asked. 
“No, they are mostly a good bunch. It’s just the same as everywhere else, though, you will always get the odd bad apple like Drexler who will spoil things.” 
Anyway, with the trauma past and the ice broken, we had a more conventional time for the rest of the evening. We laughed and joked just like ordinary people. I almost forgot there was a war on. Freema told me she had one brother who was serving on a battle cruiser in the thick of the fighting on the Naridian front. She hadn’t seen him for over a year. I suppose it was the same for countless numbers of families who were parted from loved ones indefinitely because of the war. It was such a good feeling to be able to relax and have fun just like any normal people would, especially with such a good looker as Freema. How I longed for those days to return for good.
Before we left we all gathered around the piano and sang a song. “Bring back, bring back, bring back that cruiser, tonight tonight bring back, bring back, bring back that cruiser tonight.”
 But alas, the evening was over all too quickly and it was time to leave as Freema escorted me back to my quarters. 
Just before we parted, she said, “Now don’t be mad, John. The Prime Minister has arranged a gala in your honour tomorrow evening at the theatre. At the end of the night’s performance a choir will sing the only Kultarn song that has ever been found intact, which we have adopted as our national anthem.” 
“Oh. I suppose if the Solaran people are going to that much trouble for me, the least I can do is make an effort.”  They gave everything they had for me. Now I had a chance to give something back.
With that we bade each other good night and it was straight to bed for me to recharge my batteries for tomorrow. At least I knew what to expect now. 

Twelve

After rising early I was ready by the time Freema arrived and we made our way to the training complex. She turned all the equipment on, grabbed a rucksack and packed it with the explosives and detonator, fastened the straps on the rucksack and then fitted it across her back. 
“Now, John,” said Freema, “let’s try a new task on your second day.”  We walked over to the mock-up of the control panels of the command bunker. I thought to myself I don’t fancy the idea of training today. Too much like hard work. My mother used to say “I don’t like Mondays”. I know how she felt. In fact all in all I was feeling a bit sorry for myself. I thought I was a good lad at heart, just a bit misunderstood. Still, as I think I have said before, things always seem worse at the time than what they actually are.
“You will see,” Freema continued, “that I’ve put numbers on where the four charges must be placed to sever the signal to the transmitting beacon. Memorise it well and memorise it quickly. After a few practice sessions I will take the numbers off. I will go first to give you some idea of what I am expecting and then it will be down to you.” 
We then grabbed our laser rifles and made our way over to the firing range. I switched on the holographic target system and those dancing, shiny, slippery, silver men as I had christened them, came to life. They had smiles on their faces and would you believe it, when one was hit, the smile turned to a frown.
 Freema turned her back on the targets and then after a count of three, she turned around, firing and hitting each hologram first time. They might be laughing at me, but Freema was taking no prisoners. As I said, the night before, she was as quick as a deer. 
Next she ran over to one of the two main support columns, laid her rifle against it and then ran over to the control panels. She took off the rucksack, unfastening it but keeping hold of it with her left hand while she used her right to place the four charges in the designated spots. She then dashed back behind the supporting column, taking out the detonator and setting off the charges. Picking up her rifle, she then stepped out facing the control panels and sprayed them with intense fire. 
“Now, John,” Freema said, “you can see what is expected so let’s see how you do. Just work at your own pace to start with.” 
As she reduced the speed of the holographic targets for my benefit, I turned my back and counted to three and then I was off. Or would you call it a spluttering start? Well, it was more like the Keystone Cops or that public information film of the nineteen seventies… do you remember Reginald Molehusband, who was trying to park his car in the correct manner. Like me, he made a right pig’s ear of the whole operation. As it said on the advert at the time, what he managed to miss at the front he more than made up for at the back. If it wasn’t the holograms I missed, it was the mistakes I managed to make with the explosives by dropping them on the floor or tripping myself up and landing head first on the floor. And what did Freema make of this comic opera? Well, at least she wasn’t shouting at me. She just had her hand over her eyes, intermittingly shaking her head in disbelief. Probably thinking, why do you want to be on this mission John, why. I would have replied. Because my home planet is in mortal danger, that’s why.  
After a few failed attempts she said, “Come on, John, let’s have a break.” 
“Oh, thank goodness for that,” I replied with a gasp of utter relief as we both sat down to have a drink and a bite to eat before I regrouped for the next instalment of my never-ending ordeal. I wasn’t looking forward to that. 
“Ready to try again, John?” Freema asked. 
“All right,” I replied, hesitantly.
She reached over with both her hands to clasp both of my hands. “John, listen. Control your thoughts and by controlling your thoughts you can control your actions. Concentrate on what you are doing; not on what other people are doing.” 
I smiled. “I will try.” Once again, as my mother would say, I was off like the clappers, in the thick of it, giving as good as I got and after a few attempts and taking on board what Freema had said, and like Reginald Molehusband, I actually got it right. I was hitting every holographic target first time, then placing and detonating the charges as required. After a while, Freema took the numbers off the detonation points. She also very slowly started to increase the speed of the holograms as well as timing me with a stop watch. My completion time slowly improved as the day wore on and then, after what seemed an eternity, Freema said, “Excellent, John. Let’s have a well-earned break.” 
“I will second that,” I replied and with a smile and great satisfaction on my part, we took the well-earned break, this time with only positives to talk about. 
Meanwhile, Chris and Alana were busy working in their laboratory, preparing for the attempt to break the Transdamping barrier, when who should pay them a visit? Yes, it was their boss, Professor Zinnerman head of the scientific directorate and chief scientific advisor to the Prime Minister. 
“Good afternoon, Chris, Alana, “the Professor said. “I thought I would pay you both a visit to see how you are both progressing.” 
“Good timing, Professor,” Chris replied. “We were just going to have a cup of tea and a biscuit. Can we get you one?” 
“Yes please… milk and two sugars.” 
After Alana had brought the tea and biscuits she carried on with her work, leaving the Professor and Chris to talk shop. 
“I think Alana is sweet on you, Chris,” the Professor said as they enjoyed their tea and biscuits. “Don’t leave it too long to ask her out; she won’t wait for ever.” 
“I think you have an over-active imagination, Professor,” Chris replied. 
“Now, down to business, Chris,” the Professor said. “Will you be on schedule to make the attempt at breaking the Transdamping barrier tomorrow evening as planned?” 
“We are working right at the limits of what is possible, Professor, but yes, we will be ready to make the attempt.” 
“Good. I am so proud; I should be working for you and not the other way around. You are the son I never had.” 
“Thank you, Professor. That means such a lot to me. I have always regarded you as my mentor since you plucked me out of obscurity to work on this project. I will try my best not to let you down. But I will be honest with you, Professor, it has been playing on my conscience. If I succeed, I will be sending Kronos and John on a one way trip. They will not be able to Transport themselves off Tyros until the Transdamping barrier has been deactivated I could be sending them to their deaths.” 
“No, I won’t hear such talk,” the Professor said firmly. “You are doing your duty, the same as everyone else is doing theirs. The Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran would not even contemplate sending them unless they thought there was a good chance of getting them back safely.” 
“I hope you are right, Professor.” 
“Now, Chris,” the Professor said, moving on, “I am privy to some very sensitive information. I have been speaking with the Minister for War Production. He tells me that as far as armaments are concerned, the war can go on for another six to eight months. After that, everything will start to run out because we have abandoned our rich mineral producing systems to shorten the front line and create reserves of troops to help the Hellertrons, who are in a desperate position themselves. Fuel will be the first thing to run out as the synthetic fuel plants are starved of the raw materials they need to maintain production.” 
“I didn’t know things were that bad,” Chris replied. “I will be ready tomorrow evening come what may; no looking back, no self-doubt. I will just be focusing like a laser on the job at hand. You can count on me, Professor.” 
“Good man. I know you will do your duty the same as everyone else in the Solaran Commonwealth and Hellertron Empire. Now, I think I have taken up enough of your time already so I will leave you in peace to make your final preparations. I will see you again tomorrow evening as planned.” 
At the training facility, after completing our final session, Freema and I were just starting to wind down for the day, when who should come walking in just as we were about to lock up… yes, you guessed, it was Commander Vadoran and Kronos. 
“Oh look, it’s Kronos and the grim reaper,” I said very sarcastically. 
“Did you say something, John?” the Commander asked, his usual stony expression fully visible for us all to see. 
“I said good afternoon, Commander Vadoran.” 
“Anyone would think you are not pleased to see us, John,” the Commander replied. 
I said, “It is the highlight of my day, you coming to visit us both. In fact I knew it was you because I could see the mice throwing themselves onto the traps when you arrived. Kronos told me once he saw four guys beating you up. I said, did you help? He said no, I thought four guys would be enough to do a good job on him.” 
By now, Freema and Kronos were struggling to stop themselves bursting out laughing. 
The Commander started to give a slow hand clap. “Ah, very good John you are missing your vocation. You should be a comedian on Tyros; the Kaytons would literally all die of laughing. The war would be won and we could all go home to lead normal lives again, secure in the knowledge that you had brought them down single-handedly and everyone would be eternally grateful to you. But alas, it is actions, not words that will ultimately decide the outcome of the war. With that in mind, I would like to have a private word with you. Freema, please excuse us. Kronos and I will lock up.” 
“Okay,” Freema said. “I will meet you in your quarters in three hours’ time to accompany you to the theatre, John.” 
“Thank you. I will be ready.” 
“How are things progressing, John?” Commander Vadoran asked, “after two full days of training?” 
“Well, thanks to Freema I am a lot more proficient now than I was before. In fact, I have been a model pupil. Teacher’s pet… you ask her, I’m sure she will back me up.” 
“Maybe you are getting a bit too close to each other,” the Commander suggested, “going on nights out together, brawling in the bar with Drexler from Military Intelligence. I have already received a complaint about that from his superior.” 
“We only went out the once. I needed to unwind and forget my worries. You wouldn’t deny me that little bit of pleasure, would you? Anyway, that guy was well out of order. He got what was coming to him and I don’t think anybody in that bar would disagree.” 
“Anyway, John,” Kronos said, “we are here to discuss the forthcoming mission, not personal matters.” 
“I am all ears,” I replied. 
“We have to inform you,” the Commander said, “that the Solaran rear guard in Earth’s sector has now disengaged. This does not affect the overall timetable of the forthcoming operation; we still go ahead as planned tomorrow evening, making the assault on the command bunker the following morning. We estimate that will be a full twenty-four hours before the Kayton battle squadron reaches Earth.” 
“Not much room for manoeuvre though, is there?” I replied. “What happens if Chris is not ready or Adema cannot get us into the Bunker complex as planned? I do wonder about the wisdom of the whole enterprise sometimes.” 
“Well, John,” the Commander retorted, “you can always go over to the Kaytons. I’m sure they would welcome you with open arms. You might even get a special dispensation for Earth to be spared so you could then go back home, pulling bank jobs to finance your extravagant life style once again.” 
I gave Kronos a dirty look. “Oh, has someone been telling tales behind my back?” 
Kronos said, “The Commander beat the information out of me.” 
“Now that I can believe,” I replied as we both started to smile. 
“Now John,” Kronos said, “I hope you are going to be on your best behaviour tonight for the gala performance at the theatre. The Prime Minister has arranged it especially for you; we don’t want a repetition of what happened with the Hellertron ambassador.” 
“You can count on me. I will be on my best behaviour; I am a reformed character now.” I gave them both a cheeky grin with my fingers crossed behind my back. 
“The Prime Minister has gone to a lot of trouble to make you welcome,” Kronos said, “considering the weight of worry he has to bear. He has an important cabinet meeting in less than two hours’ time and then he has to face a vote of no confidence in parliament tomorrow. If he loses the vote the government will collapse, causing a general election which the opposition would probably win. They, in turn, would abandon the Hellertrons and seek to make a separate peace with the Kaytons. So you cannot say we are not keeping you properly informed about current events, as you have complained about before.”
“Thanks for keeping me in the loop,” I replied. “I appreciate that. I think it is time I made tracks now to get ready for tonight. I will make my own way back to my quarters. See you both at the theatre tonight.” I bade them both farewell, leaving them to examine the training videos of me practicing the assault on the command bunker. 
As a parting shot, Commander Vadoran shouted, “Oh and by the way, John, it would take more than four guys to bring me down.”
At the top of my voice I just sang. Once upon a time Vadoran jumped on the three four Lion. The Lion broke. Vadoran got chocked, and they both lived together in a little row boat, clap clap. 
On the long walk back to my quarters I thought to myself, the Kaytons might die of laughing if I was on Tyros. But if Commander Vadoran was there they would all die of boredom. Somehow, I did not think I would be on the Commander’s Christmas card list… mind you, I am sure the feeling was mutual. I could just imagine Commander Vadoran saying to Kronos, “Are you seriously telling me the new Guardian is robbing banks with his Guardianship so that he can live the high life on the proceeds?”
On arriving back at my quarters I showered, changed and had a bite to eat. I still had plenty of time left before Freema was due to pick me up so I relaxed in the armchair. I was looking at my travel belt, or Guardianship, as it should correctly be called. On closer examination I noticed an inscription written on it. 
“Kev,” I said, “what does this inscription mean?”
“Hello, John,” Kev replied. “The writing is an old Kultarn war cry, Ishtar Racnar Tacknar Heyah.” 
“Seeing that we are talking about the Kultarn language, do you know the words to the ancient Kultarn song that Freema told me the Solarans have adopted as their national anthem?” I asked. “If so, can you teach me the words in the next couple of hours before Freema comes to pick me up? I think it would be a mark of respect if I sang it along with the Solaran people at the end of tonight’s gala performance the Prime Minister has laid on for me.” 
“Yes, John, I do know the words and I would be glad to teach you.” 
And so we were on our way. It was a good job Kev was patient; it wasn’t easy learning the words to a song, especially in a foreign language. But we got there in the end and at least time passes quicker when you are keeping yourself busy. It took a lot of concentration, though, I must say. 
The last few minutes before Freema was expected to arrive, I was just letting my mind wander. Thinking about the Majestic project and the Majestic Nine, it suddenly came to me that when I was a youngster my mother used to go to the Majestic hall on Leeds City Square to play Jimmy Ringo (Bingo). Originally the building was a cinema, I remember seeing The Sound Of Music there in 1965. Now after a complete refurbishment due to a fire, it is now the headquarters of Channel 4 T.V. During the summer holidays, if she played the afternoon bingo session, I would go and meet my Mother when she came out and then, if I was lucky, she would take me to the cinema. For some reason I remember seeing The Amazing Mister Blunden in July 1973, probably because it stared one of my heart throbs from the time, Lynn Fredricks. I was very shocked when I found out that she had passed away relatively young at the age of 43 in 1998, she had only one child, a son.  How I miss those days… I hope the name connection turns out to be a good omen. Then there was a knock on the door. I was quick to answer and there she was, as stunning as ever. 
“Hi, John,” Freema said. “Are you ready?” 
“Yes. You look nice. I will have to see you more often on your days off.” 
“Thanks, you scrub up pretty well yourself. Shall we make tracks?” 
“Yes, good idea,” I agreed, and with that we were both on our way to the theatre to enjoy a well-deserved night out, courtesy of the Prime Minister and the Solaran people.

Thirteen

Earlier, at the Prime Minister’s residence, a very important cabinet meeting had been held prior to the vote of no confidence that was due to take place in Parliament the following day. Kronos and Commander Vadoran were also present at the meeting. As everyone took their seats in the cabinet room, the Prime Minister opened the proceedings.
“Thank you all for attending at short notice. I think the gravity of the situation demanded it. I know the overall situation is critical but it is not desperate. I have been in discussions with the Hellertron ambassador who, after consultations with his government and high command, has agreed to my requests. That is, every Hellertron division will be paired with one Solaran division and every Hellertron ship will be paired with one Solaran ship. They would come under our operational command but the Hellertrons would retain the highest political control. By corseting our forces together in this way we should be able to avoid a repetition of what occurred at the battle of Koresh. 
“Mister Prime Minister,” the Foreign Secretary interjected, “we don’t mind Kronos being here as an observer, indeed we welcome him, but we object to Commander Vadoran being present. He has been granted tremendous powers but he is unelected and is not answerable to Parliament or the cabinet, only to you. He has been granted billions of Credits for secret weapons research but so far we have seen no tangible results. It just seems to disappear into a bottomless black hole, never to be seen again.” 
“I am sorry you and other members of the cabinet feel that way,” the Prime Minister replied, “but as long as I am Prime Minister, the Commander stays. I granted him these exceptional powers due to the seriousness of the overall situation and he has my full confidence. Now, moving on, Mister Cabinet Secretary, to the best of your calculations, how do the votes stack up for the no confidence vote tomorrow?”
 “Mister Prime Minister,” the Secretary replied, “the opposition is sensing blood. They think they can win the vote, causing a general election, which they are confident of winning by running on a peace platform. Our members of parliament are becoming very disillusioned since the Hellertron collapse and subsequent headlong and seemingly unstoppable retreat. They have all read Commander Vadoran’s intelligence reports on the combat efficiency of the Hellertron armed forces and it doesn’t make good reading. Faulty and inadequate equipment, faulty officer training and a lack of spirit among the combat troops, stemming from a belief in their eventual defeat. On average they are making more mistakes and on average more of those mistakes are turning out to be disastrously wrong mistakes They are doing very little to compensate for their deficiencies. If we accept the Kaytons’ offer of peace talks with no pre-conditions, I am confident we can win the vote. But if we don’t, I think the vote will be too close to call. I fear the worst; we are playing for time, Mister Prime Minister, and it is running out.” 
The Prime Minister replied.
“I am not prepared to countenance any negotiations with the Kaytons,” he continued. It would send out a completely wrong message to the Hellertrons and the Solaran people. Anyone can see they are trying to split us from our allies and I am not going to fall into that trap.” 
“What is our situation as far as reserves and armaments are concerned?” asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer, looking the Minister for War Production squarely in the eyes as he waited for a response. 
The Minister for War Production was the rising star of the government, tipped for the top job one day, being only thirty-eight years old when he assumed the post four years previously. It was a vitally important ministry, for the very prosecution of the war. In fact all the other members of the cabinet had to go through the cabinet secretary if they wanted to see the prime minister face to face. Except for him. He had direct access because of the importance of his ministry. He was the youngest ever cabinet member, handpicked for his organisational and mathematical genius. He promised and delivered a fourfold increase in armaments and munitions production over four years. At the time, no one thought it could be done. Everyone except the Prime Minister said that if he achieved even half that target, he would have done well. In fact, he initiated the biggest war production programme in Solaran history.
His deputy who had worked in the armaments industry all his working life spoke of him when he said “He does not know what was possible and what was not possible, consequently he managed, sometimes, to achieve the impossible”
As in all his previous jobs, he once again showed the doubters that the impossible could be done. More and faster became the watchwords. Modern Time and Motion Systems were introduced. As well as the pre-fabrication production techniques. Soon battle carriers and cruisers were coming off the slipways at an ever increasing rate. System wide relocation was introduced meaning that even the smallest settlements in the outermost systems were doing some war work.
 Under the PM’s watchful eye, he made the made the most energetic efforts to raise war production. Overnight he put the Solaran Commonwealth on a total war footing, eliminating waste and duplication, increasing the hourly working week, fully mobilising women into the war effort He also cut red tape and streamlined the bureau-ocracy by reducing the number of committees from 30 to 12. And placing them in the hands of captains of industry who had a no nonsense can do attitude. But alas, since the Hellertron collapse it was not enough. The truth, however unpalatable, had to be told. 
He just replied, “For now we are holding our own but we are burning out at the core, the replacement army cannot cope with the losses any longer. As for troop reserves, there are none. What we possessed have all been dispatched to help the Hellertrons. If the Kayton’s break through the thinning crest of our defence lines we only have the strategical missile strike force left to cover our retreat, allowing us enough time to make an orderly withdrawal. I will, however, support the Prime Minister in whatever decision he makes.” In fact if the opposition did win a forced election, he would have been the only member of the present government to retain his ministry. The new administration was planning to hold the various battle fronts, at least for a time. So as to assure continuity it was deemed wise to let the minister continue in his post. It was also well known the military were satisfied with him because he supplied them with what they needed in vast quantities. And the heads of industrial conglomerates were happy with him, because of the fat war contracts he continuously awarded them.     
In a very stormy private meeting with the Prime Minister a few days before, he had already told him bluntly that everything was running out. And as far as armaments were concerned the war could go on for another six to eight months, no more. That was the stark reality of the situation. At the end of the meeting he wanted to get something off his chest. Earlier the Prime Minister had ordered him to instigate a ruthless scorched earth policy as the Solarans withdrew their forces from the mineral rich systems. So as to deny the Kaytons the immediate use of them, he thought this was wrong. He had already written a memo saying. “We have no wright to deny those indigenous people even a basic existence. Especially after the scandal concerning their pay and conditions, which in its aftermath has left an indelible stain on the honor and reputation of the Solaran Commonwealth.” Now he looked the Prime Minister squarely in the eye and said. “I do have something else I would like to say to you. I deceived you, I lied, I did not carry out any demolitions, in fact I prevented them.” The Prime Minister after a short silent pause just replied. “Ah we shall have to talk about this another time.” As he waved the Minister away with his right hand. The Minister with his head bowed, silently left the office. The Prime Minister though, was willing to forgive the Ministers actions as he was willing to admit to himself, if not to other people. That he had been in the wrong for ordering the scorched earth policy in the first place. Such was the strain of high office, that sometimes even he, the head of the government and commander in chief of the armed forces made the wrong decision at a critical juncture. Earlier the Minister he had been reminiscing about happier times. At the tender age of 28 he had first met the Prime Minister, but in those days the Premier was a junior minister, in charge of the public works department. As a civil engineer himself he had the opportunity to get to know the minister, especially when working on large projects. They hit it off, and soon he was the minister’s favorite. I think he saw in the young man what he could have been, what he would like to have been had he not gone into politics. Now the minister’s colleagues became jealous. They called him to a meeting, on the pretext of discussing a planned project. These MPs, including the future Foreign Minister and Chancellor, got straight to the point. They told him the Minister was destined for the very top, and that they had been with the him from the very beginning. They were not going to allow a little upstart like him into the inner circle.
The next day he was waiting outside the conference room with all the other hopefuls. The minister’s entourage pushed all the minions out of the way as they entered the room. Then a few seconds later the door opened, the Ministers head bobbed out and said. “Oh, young man I will be with you in five minutes.” Yes he was in, the Ministers party sighed, knowing the game was up. His position was fully cemented the following year when he became a member of parliament. The Minister made him his parliamentary private secretary so he could teach him the workings of government.   
Under his breath the Foreign Secretary whispered. “Creep!”
“Thank you,” the Prime Minister said. “I appreciate your support. Now I propose we reject the offer of peace talks—” 
“I’m sorry, Mister Prime Minister, that is not good enough,” the Foreign Secretary interrupted. “This is supposed to be cabinet government; I propose we vote on the matter.” 
“I second that,” the Chancellor said. 
“All right,” replied the Prime Minister, “oh do I sense a coup in the air, if that is what you all want, I agree. But if I lose the vote I will stand down immediately. I am not prepared to negotiate with those war criminals. Under the constitution I will hand over the reins of power to you at once, Mister Chancellor, until a vote can be held to elect a permanent replacement. And the best of luck to you, you are going to need it.” 
“If we get into serious talks with the Kaytons,” the Foreign Secretary said, “we might be able to negotiate autonomy for the Hellertrons within their Greater Galactic Prosperity Sphere.” 
“If you believe that.” the Prime Minister replied, “you’re a bigger fool than I thought you were.” 
“It’s better than being led down the garden path to ruination, which is what you’re doing with Commander Vadoran egging you on,” the Chancellor pointed out. “If we carry on like this the war is going to result in the complete total and absolute destruction of the Solaran armed forces as an effective fighting force within a measurable amount of time.” 
“I’ve heard enough,” the Prime Minister said. “Let’s get on with the vote before I say something I will regret. All in favour of opening peace negotiations with the Kaytons raise your hands.” 
The tension was high as Kronos and Commander Vadoran looked on anxiously and the atmosphere could be cut with a knife as ten members of the cabinet raised their hands in acceptance of the proposal. 
“All against,” the Prime Minister said.” 
As the remainder of the cabinet voted, there were also ten votes, but there were actually twenty-one cabinet members. 
“Who hasn’t voted yet?” the Foreign Secretary asked. “Oh, it’s old Horace. Is he still awake?” 
“Is he still alive?” the Chancellor queried, causing some members of the cabinet, but not the Prime Minister, to smile.
Yes, it was Horace who had not yet voted. He was like little Jack Horner sat in the corner, right at the end of the cabinet table. He was the Father of the House, being the oldest and longest serving Member of Parliament in the Solaran Commonwealth, but he held the lowest of the low of cabinet positions, Minister for Prices and Incomes. Essentially, in the wartime situation he had to keep inflation under control and to crack down as much as was humanly possible on the rampant black market that was operating throughout the Commonwealth. Alas, high office had long since passed him by, but at least he had a good head of hair and all his own teeth. 
He stared in the direction of the Chancellor and Foreign secretary. “Yes, I am still alive and wide awake, reports of my demise have been greatly exaderated. I have listened very intently to what has been said and before I cast my vote I am going to have my say. Mister Prime Minister, I remember your late father, all those years ago, warning about the danger the Kaytons posed as one by one they picked off their near neighbours.
 Then, when they were strong enough, the Kaytons took on the Hellertrons and subsequently us, when we belatedly came to their aid. He correctly saw the coming of Galactic War, we were both in the Diplomatic Corps at the time, attached to our embassy on Ruatarn… that’s where he met your mother. The Hellertrons have always been good friends to the Solaran people, we cannot abandon them to a life of slavery under the Kaytons, it would be an eternal stain on our honour and reputation. I have read Commander Vadoran’s mass observation report on the morale of the Solaran people and I am well aware the younger generation is getting very war weary, especially since the Hellertron collapse. But I also deduce from the findings that the older members of the population like myself still believe in the Kultarn prophecies that a miracle will occur and eventual victory will be ours, even more so now since the coming of the second Guardian” 
The Foreign Secretary interrupted. “You cannot base your decision on children’s fairy stories we were taught at school. It’s madness.” 
Horace continued, “I understand fully that a very grave crisis overhangs the Commonwealth. ButI think it would be very inappropriate to open peace talks at this juncture in time with the Kaytons and therefore I vote no to the proposal.” 
Then there was uproar as the Foreign Secretary said, “Horace, you have just signed the Government’s death warrant. It’s like the blind leading the blind into the abyss; we are heading towards a complete and total catastrophe.” 
Horace retorted, “At least I can sleep with a clear conscience tonight. Can you say the same, Mister Foreign Secretary?” 
“You stupid, senile old fool!” the Foreign Secretary said, angrily. 
“I am not going to be spoken to in that way by a young whippersnapper like you, Mister Foreign Secretary,” Horace replied. “If I were twenty years younger I would borrow Commander Vadoran’s knuckle dusters, take you outside and give you a jolly good hiding that you would never forget. I bet you wouldn’t come back for more. I was an amateur boxing champion when I was a teenager, winning many titles before I joined the Diplomatic Corps.” 
Even Commander Vadoran, along with most of the cabinet, smiled. 
“On that note,” the Prime Minister said, “I am now closing today’s proceedings. We have all said things that, on reflection, we will regret tomorrow. I still regard you all as good friends and colleagues and I hope to see every one of you at the theatre tonight.” 
The Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor stormed out of the cabinet room, slamming the door behind them as everybody else made their way out in an orderly fashion,
“Thank you for your vote,” the Prime Minister said to Horace. “You saved my skin today. I’m sorry about the tirade of abuse you had to endure; no one should have to put up with that.” 
“That’s quite all right, Mister Prime Minister,” Horace replied. “You get used to that. I have a skin as thick as a rhinoceros, or so my wife keeps telling me. I just hope you will feel the same way tomorrow after the vote of no confidence in parliament.” 
“Oh don’t worry about it, Horace. What will be, will be; in this profession you have got to take it on the chin one day at a time. Now, is there anything I can do for you?” 
“Well, now you mention it, Mister Prime Minister, could I and the wife join you in the V.I.P box at the theatre tonight?” 
“Of course, Horace. Consider it done.”  On their way out, the Prime Minister put his arm around Horace’s shoulder while nobody was close by and whispered into his ear. 
“Horace, the Kultarn Miracle may be closer than you ever imagined. Keep it to yourself though, because walls have ears and loose lips sink ships remember… mum’s the word.” 
Horace turned towards the Prime Minister, nodding his head vigorously. “Yes, Mister Prime Minister, I understand exactly what you’re saying.” 
As everyone filed out, the Minister for War Production said to Kronos, “Guardian John would have been welcome to attend the cabinet meeting as an observer like yourself. How is he? Nobody has seen him for a couple of days.” 
“It’s all been a bit too much for him,” Kronos replied. “He wanted time to adjust to his new surroundings. He is all right now though and should be on his way to the theatre as we speak.” 
The Minister smiled. “I’m glad to hear that.” 

Fourteen

Freema and I arrived at the theatre early and were shown to our seats in the V.I.P box. It was like Sunday night at the London Palladium. All the great and the good of Solaran society were gathered and it would certainly be a full house. I saw the Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor arrive together. They were seated in their own V.I.P. box… oh, but they just reminded me of Statler and Waldorf out of the Muppet show. I bet they were talking about the Prime Minister. As my mother would say, I bet his ears were burning. 
Then the Prime Minister, Kronos and Commander Vadoran arrived and Freema and I rose to greet them.
The Prime Minister said, “How are you, John? I haven’t seen you for a while. Is Freema looking after you all right?” 
“Mister Prime Minister,” I replied, “I am okay, but I have to say that before I came to Sontral I was a good, clean living lad. I did not drink, smoke or go with loose women, but now I am doing all three. As for Freema… would you believe it, on her first day with me she put her hand on my leg. I said my mummy wouldn’t like that and she replied, ‘Oh shut up, it’s not your mummy I am giving it to.’” 
“Oh no, not again,” Kronos groaned, vigorously shaking his head and covering his eyes with his hand in absolute disbelief as to what had just transpired. 
Commander Vadoran looked even more stony-faced than was usual, even for him. As for poor old Freema, she was gobsmacked, just standing there motionless, her mouth wide open and her bottom jaw appearing to drop almost to the floor from utter shock and disbelief. 
After a brief moment of silence during which no one knew what would come next, the Prime Minister broke the deadlock by bursting out laughing. “You’re a lad and a half, John. That’s a good one… I have not heard that before. It’s the best laugh I have had for a long time and certainly the only one I have had recently.” 
“I try to oblige, Mister Prime Minister,” I replied airily as we all took our seats for the evening’s performance. Who would have thought it? Me, sitting next to the Prime Minister at the Solaran equivalent to the London Palladium. And what a show we were all treated to; there were singers, dancers, magicians, even holographic shows telling the history of the Solaran people, who now regarded themselves as the natural successors to the ancient Kultarn Civilization in terms of bringing peace and democracy to the galaxy as new planets joined the Solaran Commonwealth. But alas, all good things come to an end as the compere concluded the entertainment by introducing a children’s choir who I thought, along with the audience, would sing the ancient Kultarn song the Solarans had adopted as their national anthem. After all, I had gone to so much trouble, thanks to Kev, of learning it word for word, which must have been tortuous for him, trying to teach me. I remembered that in England, up until 1969 in the cinema, at the end of the night’s performance everybody would stand up as the national anthem was played. However, as far as Sontral was concerned, I had got it completely wrong. 
The conductor started the choir off and I immediately stood up and joined in, singing at the top of my voice, but to my utter amazement I was the only member of the audience who stood up to sing. Then it suddenly dawned on me that on Sontral, their custom was to sit in silence and listen to the choir perform the national anthem. The choir stopped singing, which triggered the conductor to turn around and stare at me in disbelief. I must have had a face as red as a beetroot but I continued to sing at the top of my voice as everyone else continued to stare at me in amazement. Anyway, I thought, like the television quizmaster back home used to say, I have started so I will finish. Well, what the heck, I might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb. Then, believe it or not, halfway through my solo performance, the Prime Minister stood up and joined in with me. That prompted the other members of the V.I.P. box to do the same, quickly followed by the whole of the theatre audience. 
The conductor smiled, resuming again with his baton to direct his own choir as was intended in the first place. As the anthem was coming to an end, the focus of attention seemed to concentrate on one lone singer in the choir who stood at the front, apart from the main section of the choir. Or at least that’s what the television cameras were zooming in on. Handsome looking young guy, he was. I bet he had all the girls chasing him like in the old advert. I would have said to him, “How come you are such a big hit with the girls?” The anthem then came to an end. Oh, thank heavens for that, I thought. What a fool I had made of myself; my legs were like jelly. But the Prime Minister immediately started applauding, quickly being followed by the rest of the audience, some of whom were also cheering. The noise was deafening. 
Freema smiled and I also noticed that Commander Vadoran was slow hand clapping, looking at me with a wry smile on his face, he knew exactly what had happened. 
The Prime Minister turned towards me and said, “Thank you, John. You have really endeared yourself to the Solaran people tonight. What you have done will spread throughout the Solaran Commonwealth like wildfire and never be forgotten.”
“I try to be of service,” I replied.
“You have just reminded me, John,” the Prime Minister added, “we held a competition for our schools for the five to eleven-year-olds to come up with a slogan we could use in the war effort. If you’re agreeable, we thought it would be a morale booster if, as a treat, you would visit the winning school tomorrow morning. Freema will accompany you.” 
“Of course, Mister Prime Minister. I would be glad to help out.” 
“Thank you again, John. I will see you tomorrow evening.” 
We bade each other goodnight as we did so I heard Commander Vadoran say to the Prime Minister, “I wonder how many votes that little performance has won you in Parliament tomorrow.” 
The Prime Minister made no reply as he made his way out of the theatre followed by Commander Vadoran. 
Next, Kronos approached me and said, “John, up until now I had very grave doubts about you becoming a Guardian but after what I have just witnessed, I know now why the Guardianship chose you. Whatever happens from this day on, I know you will give it your best shot. Of that, I have no doubt.” 
I looked him squarely in the eye. “Thank you. That really means a lot to me.” 
Freema then gave me a big hug. Now that I did enjoy; I could play on that to my advantage. Well, I’m only human. 
“Well done, John,” she said. 
I shrugged. “Oh it’s nothing… all in a day’s work.” 
As we began to make our way out I noticed Statler and Waldorf, aka the Chancellor and the Foreign Secretary, still in their V.I.P. box, watching us as we passed by. 
The Foreign Secretary said to the Chancellor, “The Prime Minister is a very clever fellow; he is using the Guardians to his own political advantage. He was odds on to lose the vote of no confidence in parliament tomorrow but my bookmaker has just texted me the latest odds. After this little episode he is now an even money bet to win. As soon as I get back home tonight I am going to start phoning all the wavering members of parliament I know personally. I will call in all the favours I am owed to get the Prime Minister over the winning line. I suggest you do the same.” 
The Chancellor raised his eyebrows. “What, you would do all that after what happened in cabinet today?” 
“Yes,” said the Foreign Secretary. “It’s called self-preservation. If the government falls we will end up back on the opposition benches with a fifty percent pay cut for losing our ministerial positions. I will lose all my staff and private Transport and I will certainly miss being treated like a lord and waited on hand and foot when I visit places like Ruatarn. So I suggest you make a start tonight. We can lobby the remainder of our contacts tomorrow in parliament before the vote takes place.” 
“When you put it like that,” the Chancellor replied, “I whole-heartedly agree with you. We had better make a move; we have a busy night ahead of us.” 
As for me, purely by accident, I was now in everybody’s good books. I was the one with a grin on my face as big as a Cheshire cat who had just landed on its feet and got the cream as well, after bidding Freema and Kronos goodnight, I was escorted to my quarters by two of Commander Vadoran’s guards, after which it was straight to bed for me after my hectic and very eventful night. 
The night’s performance had been broadcast throughout the Solaran Commonwealth and Hellertron Empire – that much I knew. But I did not know the live transmission was also being picked up by the Kayton Empire, including the capital planet, Tyros. Guess who was watching, in what I can only describe as a palatial villa located at Durban Dorf in the picturesque province of Cyreelium, it had given to him by the Kaytons? Yes, it was the ever slippery Wesker. One of many rewards they had given him for selling out his people and defecting, the villa had to be seen to be believed, with its extensive grounds, including a private lake. The main living room itself had the largest private window on Tyros with a breath taking view of the snow-capped Traxos Mountains in the distance. There was deep pile carpeting on the floor, a real log fire burning and numerous looted pictures hanging on the walls.  He named his new residence “The Strondalt”, after his parents’ home town on Sontral. To top it all, he was the head of the Kayton’s scientific corps. 
Yes, he had it all, but really it was nothing, as he was completely devoid of a moral conscience. Now something was bothering him that night as he stood in front of his large screen television that hung on the wall. He was just staring at the screen at the end of the night’s performance with his arms folded and a glum look on his face that Commander Vadoran would have been proud of. Going over and over in his mind were the ancient Kultarn prophecies that he had learnt at school all those years ago. Also, he had received a piece of intelligence from one of his contacts on Sontral. Although the information was too imprecise and too indefinite, it did lead him to believe that the Solarans were up to something. Too this end he had made an appointment to see the Supreme Kayton Council the following day to try and get them to increase security measures. 
As the night’s performance ended, he said, “Screen off, main lights off.” He then retired for the evening with much on his mind to contemplate as did many other people on that particular night. 
For me, it was to be my last night on Sontral. Yes, the reckoning was moving ever nearer by the hour as I thought about the Kayton battle squadron that was advancing unopposed towards its ultimate target of Earth. We could not afford to fail, all our hopes and dreams depended on the successful outcome of the mission. Of that there could be no doubt, but on the flip side I also wondered how I had got myself into this mess in the first place. We each suppose that what we do, we do as a matter of course but in reality, each person’s actions is to some extent dictated by others. Never mind that advert, ‘What if?’ I would say, ‘If only, if only the fish had been biting that fateful day at Church Fenton. If only those woodlice had not been crawling all over my feet in that derelict house, I would not have stamped on the floor so hard that it gave way. If only I had left the building straight away instead of succumbing to greed in my search for valuables for my own financial gain. Yes, if only those and many other things been done in a completely different way, then maybe things would have turned out differently. I would not be in the position I am in now but you can only go forward, not back…’ eventually, after much tossing and turning I fell asleep. 

Fifteen

As a new day dawned, I was up bright and early as usual. If nothing else, I was at least a good timekeeper, making sure I was ready with time to spare before Freema came to collect me. And so we were on our way to the school that had won the competition to come up with a morale boosting poster for the war effort. The prize was a visit to the winning school by me, which I had promised the Prime Minister the night before. Well, you know me… ever willing to please. Freema had told me the slogan would be displayed above the main school gate as we entered. As we were driven through, Freema pointed it out to me. Dedicated to our Prime Minister, the first worker of the Solaran Commonwealth, it proclaimed. Our Walls May Break, But Never Our Hearts. I think the children must have had some help from the teachers to come up with that slogan. I thought to myself I could adapt it for my friends like Bob in the bookies. It would read, Our Wallets May Break But Never Our Hearts. 
On disembarking from what I could only describe as a silent, ultra-sleek electric car, chauffer driven of course, we were greeted by the headmistress and senior members of staff. I noticed some girls playing with one big skipping rope as we were being shown into the school buildings. They were singing, “Wesker, Wesker, as slippery as an eel, he sold out his people for the price of a meal.” What next? I thought as we were shown into the main assembly hall to applause from the children and staff. A little girl approached Freema presenting her with a bunch of flowers while at the same time a little boy presented me with a gift as a memento of my visit. 
I thanked him and he then said, obviously unscripted, “Guardian John, are you and Guardian Kronos going to come together as one and beat the Kaytons?” 
Freema gave me an anxious look as I knelt down so that we were the same height.
“Yes,” I replied, “Guardian Kronos and I are going to lick them and kick them so hard their feet won’t touch the ground until they land back on Tyros where they belong. Then we will put the lid back on them like a jack-in- a-box.” I snapped my hands shut to imitate the puppet being boxed up and then ran my hand through his hair as he and everyone laughed. The little boy then ran back to his school friends and we all took our seats to watch the children play xylophone-type instruments as well as singing and performing a short play, after which we had a drink and a bite to eat. 
Later on we helped the children pack what they called Front Line parcels. Full as they were of treats. Every child was also writing a little message for the individual soldier to whom it was being posted. I asked the little boy next to me what he had written.
“We all want to thank you, as a brave soldier who is fighting to defend the Solarian Commonwealth from tyranny. We pray every night before we go to bed for ultimate victory – and your safe return to Sontral,” he read.
I thought this was very touching.
“Very good, young man,” I said, “I’m sure he will appreciate your message. When you grow up, I’m sure you will stay at home to look after your mum and dad.”
All the youngsters thought this was funny. All I could do was hope that the war was over by the time the parcels reached their destination.
I remember someone once saying to me, “Do you like children, John?” I replied, “Yes, but I couldn’t eat a whole one.” 
An elderly member of staff, looking at me and Freema, remarked, “Oh, don’t they make a nice couple?” 
Another member of staff said to Freema, “Aren’t the children cute; would you like to have one?” 
“Not for a few years yet,” Freema replied. 
It was very noticeable that all the staff were either middle aged or elderly. The headmistress herself had been brought out of retirement. As all the young men and women under the age of forty were serving in the armed forces or working in the war factories.
As the morning came to an end so did our visit and we bid the staff and children goodbye. They all waved as we boarded our Transport home. But just before we did, I noticed two little boys… would you believe it, they were both poking a dead rat with sticks and singing, “Drakos, Drakos, poke his eyes; make him cry until he dies.” 
Charming, I thought, as Freema and I waved out of the car window. Oh, the horrible things. I bet you that on every inhabited planet in the galaxy there are rats and cockroaches. 
 As we drove away I noticed one of the little boys who had no front teeth. I suppose, as the saying went, ‘All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth.’ Anyway, he picked up the dead rat, holding it by the tail and said, “This is how Drakos will end up.” 
We then made our way back to the training facility for my last full training session. If I thought I was going to get an easy last day, I was mistaken. She worked me like a dog like the Beatles song went as she tried to improve my completion time, the sweat was pouring off me. 
“Come on, John! Come, on John!” she urged as I knuckled down to the task in hand. No more were those slippery, silvery, shadowy hologram men going to get the better of me, as I mowed them down with ever faster regularity. Oh, I was glad when break time came. I was so jiggered and hungry I could have slept for a week and eaten a scabby horse, as Josh, a friend of my mother, used to say. I remember saying to my mum “I’m hungry”.
“I can do you bread and pull it,” she’d reply. “The more you pull it the more you get.”
Josh made some home brew once. It was so strong that it made my mother sick in the bucket that her false teeth flew into the bucket as well. What a sight, as my mother fished around trying to retrieve her teeth.
At one time I used to eat Turkish Delight chocolate bars. Josh called them soap suds. I used to pay 10p a bar, I dread to think what they cost today.
In December 1977 I went to the Eastgate Labour Exchange, to keep Josh company as he had to sign on. I heard the guy in front of us say to the girl behind the counter: “What about the Christmas holidays love?”
“What you talking about mate?” butted in Josh. “It’s all one big holiday now.” On the way out, I said to Josh. “Oh look at that scruffy old tramp with his ugly wife.” Josh replied. “That is your Mothers brother Johnny and his wife Lillian.” My Mother later told me he married her because he knew no one would bother her while he was off fighting in the war.
He was a watch repairer by trade, at one time he even owned his own repair shop. 
We were outside Leeds market once when a gust of wind blew the wig off my Mothers head, or whirly gig as Josh called it. Josh and his brother, Johnny, could be seen running down the road chasing after the wig, but every time they bent down to pick it up another gust of wind blew it even further out of reach. I couldn’t stop laughing; they reminded me of Laurel and Hardy. Eventually, after many attempts, they managed to retrieve it, much to the relief of my mother. 
My mum said to him once “Draw the curtain, Josh,” but guess what he did? He actually found a pencil and paper and drew the curtains. 
“Oh, I’ll give it to you,” said mum. We got to know Josh through my mother’s brother Tony. They used to go drinking together, Tony and Josh came over to see us from Leeds. We all went to the Comrades Club in Outwood that night. Later Tony got talking to the comedian employed to entertain the patrons, he had his lines ready.
“I’m the talent spotter for the Osmond Thorpe Working Man’s Club in Leeds,” he said, holding his lapels. “I’d like to book you.” It was Tony’s favorite trick, and it always worked. The comedian was so grateful he bought us all drinks for the rest of the evening. Of course, Tony was no more a talent spotter than me. I always wondered if any of the acts ever caught up with him.
Another time, just before bonfire night, a group of children were sitting outside the Dog and Gun pub on York Road, asking people as they came out for a penny for the guy. Josh, with his brother Johnny, took the meaning of the children’s statement literally. Josh gave them the penny and then picked up the guy and with Johnny ran off with it. The poor kids, who were completely gobsmacked, just stood in shock momentarily and then started chasing after Josh and Johnny, shouting, “Mister, mister, give us our guy back!” After a while they dropped the guy on the floor and the pursuit was over as the children retrieved their guy, holding on to it very tightly, never to be caught out like that again. 
Me and Josh were at my Auntie Agnes’s house once. She had a boxer dog, an ugly looking thing it was, that used to stare at you. We were sat in front of the gas fire where Josh had fallen asleep. Anyway, the dog wandered in from the kitchen, giving him a dirty look as he did so. It went over to him, cocked its leg up and did its business all over Josh’s leg. The shower woke him up, he went stark raving mad and chased the dog back into the kitchen. I couldn’t stop laughing, I had tears in my eyes. The dog died quite young, auntie used to feed him chocolate and other sweet things, which couldn’t have helped.
“What have you left me in your will?” Josh asked me once.
“Frig all,” I replied.
“Does it come furnished?” asked Josh. He thought I said hall instead of all.
As we sat down to have our break, Freema said, “Well done, John. Remember, proper planning gets good results. You’re a soldier now, like your Father.” 
“I should hope so,” I replied “after all the hours I have put in.” 
She laughed. “Now on a more serious note, John, on Tyros the Drones will be your deadliest enemy but once the rebellion starts they will be your best friends. If, for whatever reason, you get separated from Kronos and Adema, seek them out and stick to them like glue, especially if the Transdamping barrier is still in operation. You will instantly recognize the Vogarans from Tau Seti. They all have very noticeably deep blue eyes, once seen never forgotten.” 
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that,” I replied in a somewhat more sombre voice as we finished off our refreshments before returning to our last ever training session. 
In Parliament, events were starting to unfold ahead of the vital vote of no confidence that was about to take place. Commander Vadoran and Kronos took their seats in the public gallery to observe events as they developed. Both sides were lobbying right up until the last minute, as every vote counted. Even Horace was working his old magic. He could be heard saying to someone, “I hope the Prime minister can count on your support. I have heard your son is trying to get into the diplomatic service. It’s very hard now to gain admittance, but a letter of recommendation from me would go a long way.” 
Hopefully the hint was taken; all the government ministers, including the Chancellor and Foreign Secretary, were busy lobbying right up until the Prime Minister entered the chamber. After which they all took their seats on their respective sides of the House of Commons. 
The Foreign Secretary had been particularly busy. He button holed a waverer.
“How’s the wife and children?” he asked.
“Fine,” came the reply.
But the thing was, the MP was having an affair with his secretary. And the Foreign Secretary knew. “My wife and your secretary were at college together,” the Minister continued. “They’re still very close friends. Share everything.”
“Ah,” muttered the MP.
The minister placed a friendly hand on the MP’s shoulder, and walked away grinning. Another vote for the Government assured. In this situation all was now fair game in love, war and politics.

Meanwhile, the Prime Minister asked the chief whip how the votes were stacking up. He said it was still too close to call. 
The Speaker of the House then said, “I would like to call the House to order to allow the Prime Minister to make a statement to the House before the vote of no confidence is taken.” 
Rising to his feet, the Prime Minister began by saying, “Thank you, Mister Speaker. I would first like to confirm the Hellertrons have agreed to place their armed forces under our operational command. That should improve our overall performance and avoid a repetition of what happened at the Battle of Koresh. I know as well as you that Koresh was not just a defeat; it was a catastrophe of the first magnitude, with far reaching consequences for everyone, but hopefully now we have stabilised the situation. As for the offer of peace talks by the Kaytons with no pre-conditions, my answer is no. It is obvious they are trying to split us from our Hellertron allies. In fact I would rather be taken outside right now, put against a wall and shot than negotiate with those gangsters. The only terms I will accept from those Kayton war criminals is unconditional surrender, after which my first act would be to set up a War Crimes Commission to prosecute those responsible for committing war crimes against the Hellertrons—” 
The leader of the opposition then stood up, interrupting the Prime Minister. “Do you know we are losing ten thousand boys a day on the various battle fronts? We cannot carry on like this for much longer.” 
“Order!” the speaker shouted. 
The Prime Minister continued. “Yes, I do know and not a day goes by when it does not weigh heavily on my mind but I think we would be betraying their sacrifice if we abandoned the Hellertrons to their fate and made a separate peace. And what sort of peace would it be? We would end up as a vessel state of the Kaytons in their so-called Greater Galactic Prosperity Sphere—” 
The leader of the opposition interrupted again. “Has the Prime Minister seen the newsreels from Tyros of the victory parades through the streets of their cities? They have even declared a three-day national holiday to celebrate their crushing victory.” 
“Order!” the speaker commanded. “I will have order in this House.” 
Again the Prime Minister continued. “Have faith, my learned friend. One day there will be a holiday in our street, too. I do believe we will win through in the end… in fact, of that I have no doubt. I know the Solaran people would never forgive us if we made the wrong decision today. But in the end it is up to this house to decide what path we take. The decision is yours and yours alone, I rest my case.” The Prime Minister sat down momentarily as applause and cheers rang out from the government benches and derisory jeers from the opposition benches. 
You could cut the atmosphere with a knife as the vote itself took place. The members of Parliament filed past the speaker to cast their respective vote. For some it took an eternity and to others it was over all too quickly; it was all in the eyes of the beholder. 
At last the votes had been counted and the result was about to be announced. The speaker rose to his feet. “The result of the vote is as follows: all those in favour of the motion of no confidence, three hundred and forty eight. All those against, three hundred and fifty-two. The no’s have it by a margin of four votes. The motion is defeated.” 
Enthusiastic and ecstatic cheers came from the government benches while nothing but despondency and disbelief emanated from those of the opposition. The leader of the opposition could be seen storming out of the debating chamber in disgust, accompanied by his entourage. The Prime Minister breathed a sigh of relief at yet another hurdle being overcome, but tiredness was now starting to creep in, for he had to contend with one problem after another. Nevertheless, an important victory had been won. The right thing had been done and the honour of the Solaran people was maintained. After thanking as many of his ministers and members of his party as was humanly possible for supporting and lobbying on his behalf, he made his way back to the Prime Minister’s residence accompanied by Kronos and Commander Vadoran. 
Yes, the time for talking politics was now over and the time for action was almost at hand. In just a matter of hours, the attempt to break the Transdamping barrier would be made. It was none too soon, as Commander Vadoran had informed the Prime Minister that the Hellertrons had declared martial law throughout the remainder of their territories, including the capital planet of Ruatarn. A dusk to dawn curfew had been imposed to try and stop panic breaking out and the police and army had been ordered to shoot to kill any looters they came upon, on sight. The regular Hellertron army was still doing its duty and fighting well but not so the younger conscripts who in many cases were now starting to throw down their weapons and run. The Hellertron military police had just been given new battlefield powers to deal with them whereas, before, they would arrest deserters and then deliver them to the military courts to be dealt with. Now they were ordered to administer on the spot Court Martials if deserters refused to get back into the front line, the consequences of which could lead to on-the-spot executions, especially for the ringleaders. In Commander Vadoran’s opinion, the Hellertrons were starting to show the first signs of disintegration. It was imperative to get things moving that night, as a Kayton saying went concerning the Hellertron military. They came at us in the same old way, and we repulsed them in the same old way. After the fall of Tarakhan the cheeky sod Kayton commander sent a message to the Hellertron High Command on Ruatarn, it read. Tara Tara Rick Array, Tarakhan has fallen today, You Hellertrons make really good prey, so easy to beat by running away, your empire will not last for many more days.

Sixteen

Back at the training facility, Freema and I were starting to wind down after we had completed my last training session. She had worked wonders considering the material she had to work with, meaning me. Everything that could be done in the limited amount of time available had been done. We could ask no more. The mood had certainly changed from deep pessimism to mild optimism as Freema turned all the equipment off. Although privately I don’t know how I find the inner strength to go on. For security purposes, she even wiped the videos of me going through my paces that Commander Vadoran and Kronos had been viewing to assess my progress. 
“Will you miss the place, John?” she asked.
“I will certainly never forget it,” I replied, taking one last look at the holographic target range, thinking to myself, you slippery, shadowy, silver men who got the better of me, making a fool out of me more often than not. What shame you brought on me. But now the tables are turned. For you are now the ones who live in fear of me as I mow you down, one by one, with increasing regularity. Your day has passed and mine has now come. You slippery, shadowy, silver men. Never to be seen again. 
“Lights off,” Freema said as she sealed the complex with her security pass and then accompanied me back to my quarters for the last time. All that harsh and repetitive training made me think back to the original seven American Mercury Astronauts. There was a lot of criticism about the men being pushed too hard. But when Captain Gordon Leroy Cooper got into trouble on the re-entry back to Earth. His training kicked in, he reacted very quickly, he instinctively figured out what to do and how to do it fast. By so doing he saved himself, the intensive training had paid off, I think Denis Quade has played him on T.V.    
Meanwhile, on Tyros at the top secret weapons proving ground at Intersborn in the sparsely populated province of East Karelia, a group of high-ranking Kayton officers were gathered to evaluate the results of the testing of the new cascade weapon. Wesker was present as it was his scientific corps that had developed the new secret weapon. He represented their interests and could give answers to specific technical and operational data. From an observation pill box, a safe distance away, they could see a herd of horses grazing in the field below. Wesker then gave the order to fire an artillery shell which exploded well above the heads of the horses. On detonation, the noise spooked the horses and they all immediately bolted in every direction, driven by sheer panic. What rained down on the horses thereafter were best described as yellow spheres, the size of marbles. They did not just fall randomly; they actually zeroed in on their target. On contact with the horses, the spheres literally and instantaneously dissolved them into no more than a pile of ashes. All the Kayton officers were very impressed.
The highest-ranking General said, “Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic! Wesker, you have surpassed yourself. How long before it can be brought into quantity production for battlefield use?” 
“We can tool up new factories,” Wesker replied, “in four to six weeks. There’s no shortage of labour now with all the Hellertron civilians that are falling into our hands as our relentless advance continues. I would also like to point out that it can be programmed not to attack our forces in a confused battlefield situation. In effect, it will only latch on to certain ethnic groups whether it be Hellertron Solaran or the resistance fighters on occupied planets like Tau Seti, which are giving our forces so much trouble. Also, it can penetrate obstacles many meters thick, like armour, to seek out and destroy its target.” 
“Excellent,” the General said, “but instead of using it in a piecemeal way, which would alert the Solarans and give them time to develop a counter measure, I want the shells stock-piled to use in one huge strategical offensive on every battle front simultaneously for maximum effect. We should then be able to break the Solaran lines once and for all, forcing them into a non-stop retreat and bringing them to the negotiating table, ending the war on our terms. Commence full production as soon as possible, I want six hundred million airburst shells by May. My people will be in touch with yours tomorrow to finalise details. I will personally inform the Supreme Council of your excellent work in this matter.” 
“Thank you,” General Wesker replied. “It will be done.”
They all began to disperse and make their respective ways back to the Citadel on Transports provided for them by the military. Wesker of course had an appointment to keep with the supreme council, in an attempt to get them to increase security measures. 
On reaching my quarters back on Sontral, I invited Freema to join me for a farewell drink before I departed in a few hours’ time. She thought I would want to be on my own to reflect and prepare but I said I would appreciate her company, at least for a while. 
“How do you really feel, John?” Freema asked. “If you want, I can have a word with Commander Vadoran to try and get the mission postponed for a few days to give you more time to train and prepare? I’m sure it would improve your chances of success.” 
 As for postponing the mission, well of course that was a definite non-starter considering Earth’s precarious position on the receiving end of a Kayton battle squadron in about a day and a half’s time. 
“I feel I am as ready as I am ever going to be,” I told her. “To delay any longer would not make any difference to the overall outcome of the mission one way or another. But Freema, do not be sad. I have to go. I will be back before you know it. To be together forever more… if that be what you desire once more… never to be parted, never to be sad… free to drive each other mad.” 
Freema laughed. “You silly boy. What I’m I going to do with you?” 
“Where I come from,” I replied, “a man gets one last request before going on a dangerous mission. I would like a dance before we part company.” 
“Of course, John.” 
As we both rose to our feet and came together, I instructed Kev to play my number one song of all time, Nights in White Satin by the Moody Blues from 1967. I’m afraid my hands slipped down just a little bit too low for Freema’s liking and she immediately raised them to a more respectable level. Well, you can’t blame a guy for trying… I’m only human. 
As the song came to its climactic conclusion, I gazed into Freema’s eyes and repeated the lyrics that were being sung. I also said, “I love you.” 
Freema lowered her eyes. “I think I had better go now.” 
She turned away and silently made her way out of my quarters, leaving me standing there on my own as the song came to its inevitable climacteric end. I stared straight ahead at the wall in complete silence for what seemed like an eternity. 
After a while I said to Kev, “Did other people on Earth handle you before me? And if so, why did you choose me to be the Guardian and not them?” 
“Yes, John,” Kev replied. “Many people have handled me over the ages but I chose you over them because you are a good person at the right time. and they were not.” 
“Well, that’s a joke,” I said, “considering some of the things I have been up to over the last few months.” 
“I know, but I always knew you were a good person who would, in the end, do the right thing.” 
“If anything happens to me and I don’t make it back, what happens to you?” 
“If you die, John, I will also cease to exist.” 
After a few more moments of silence I made up my mind. “Take me to my parents’ grave. It might be the last time I see them, or Earth.” 
“Of course, John.” 
Almost immediately, I was Transported to Earth.
Back on Sontral, Freema had just joined the Prime Minister, Commander Vadoran and Kronos. All three were in feverish discussions about the current war situation and the imminent attempt to break the Transdamping barrier which was only a matter of hours away. 
“Hello Freema,” the Prime Minister said. “Is John ready to go? Everything is now set in motion for tonight.” 
“Mister Prime Minister,” Freema replied, “I would like you to postpone the attempt even if it’s only for a few days. I am convinced the extra time in training would make all the difference and increase the chances of success immeasurably.” 
“I’m sorry, Freema. Everything is now set in motion and far too advanced for it to be changed. We go tonight, come hell or high water—” 
Commander Vadoran interrupted. “Can he use the rifle properly? And is he able to handle the explosives and place them as prescribed in the correct location?” 
“Yes, Commander,” Freema replied. “But I still think you are sending him on a dangerous mission with only the bare minimum of training.” 
“And you, Freema,” the Commander retorted, “should not be letting your personal feelings for John get in the way of the execution of the mission.” 
At that, Freema abruptly turned away and stormed out of the room with Kronos in hot pursuit. He eventually caught up with her in the hallway of the Prime Minister’s residence. 
“I know it might seem harsh, Freema,” Kronos said, “but there are very important operational reasons why we must make the attempt tonight. I cannot elaborate further; you are just going to have to take the matter on trust.” He looked at her searchingly. “Is Commander Vadoran right? Have you fallen for him?” 
Freema made no response. 
“John was a rascal when I first met him,” Kronos continued, “but now I am proud to call him a friend. I am convinced he will do us all proud tomorrow. No matter what you feel for him one way or the other, I hope you will be there tonight to see him off and wish him well. You know how lonely it can be when an agent goes on a mission. Especially his first. You have trained enough of them over the years. Anyway, I will leave you to think over what I have just said.” 
With that they then bade each other farewell and went their separate ways. Kronos made his way to his quarters, to make sure everything was in order and to have a few moments to himself to reflect. He stood in front of a table with a red glowing light on, above that were pictures of his wife and children. Before he departed he said. I will always love you until the day I die. He then made his way to the firing range, saying to the target acquisition computer. One more time for the last time. Those shiny silver slippery men didn’t stand a chance, as their smiles turned to frowns, after polishing them off, it was off to go and collect John.
On Earth I was just concluding my final private moments at my parents’ graveside. I leaned over until my cheek touched the cold marble headstone and whispered, “Goodbye Mum, Dad. I love you both.” I then stood upright. I remember when my mother died, the vicar asked me what I thought the meaning of life was. I told him I thought the meaning of life was to honour your parents. He thought that was a good answer and said he would always remember my response.
I’m afraid my time with them both was over all too quickly. I never imagined life without them. I remember my father saying to me one: “Me and your mother won’t always be here for you.” Of course, I took no notice for I had no sense of the tricks that time would play on us.
What I would give 
For a second chance.
A second chance in life
To be a better son to my parents
For the remainder of my life.
On my father’s parents’ grave in Holland, part of the inscription reads, They lived their lives serving others. I think my parents could have the same inscription written on their headstone. Yes, for they were the good people and the good people are everything. It is true that all the best people get taken first. It was early morning; no one else was about, the birdsong was increasing and the squirrels with their long bushy tails were actively scampering along the grass and running up and down the trees. I noticed a gang of sparrows, one of them was feeding; a young blackbird that was much bigger than the sparrow. He had his mouth open and would you believe it… the little sparrow was feeding the blackbird by dropping worms down its throat. The blackbird kept asking for more; I should think the sparrow must have been exhausted with all the demands. In the end he got fed up and started to show the blackbird how to find his own food by rummaging in the soil adjacent to the grass verge. But the young blackbird was having none of it; he knew when he was on to a good thing and made the sparrow carry on feeding him until the whole group of them flew away to pastures new. As they did so I hummed the old song, bye bye blackbird. Mind you, from past experience I knew the blackbirds were pretty intelligent. Once when I was digging my parents” back garden a blackbird landed only a couple of feet away from me. I kept very still, the blackbird gave me a long hard look. Checking I wasn’t going to make any sudden move. Once it was satisfied it helped itself to the worms I had dislodged. No other species of bird would come that close. Not in Leeds, anyway. By being so brave they gave themselves an advantage over other birds.
I remember my father complaining about them. They used to steal the strawberries he was growing even though he had nets covering them. They still managed to outwit my father and somehow got their cheeky little beaks on them. That is why he got himself two big bad cats, Jake and Sam, who came all the way from Abavan, to keep the birds away from his various fruit crops. He would kick the pair of them out of the house when he left for work in the morning. Then let them both back in when he returned home from work in the evening. One of his neighbors, Elsie even managed after much time and patience to get one of the blackbirds to eat out of her hand, quite a feat. 
As I stood there, I could have sworn the sun was shining just that little bit brighter than normal. I think that could be explained by the fact that I hadn’t seen much natural sunlight over the last few days. I then thought to myself, if the day dawns in a couple of days’ time and everything remains as it is now, calm and peaceful, then I will know we have succeeded and with a bit of luck I may already be home, as I stared up at the sky.
“Kev,” I said, “can you detect the Kayton battle squadron heading towards Earth?” 
“Yes, I can,” Kev replied. 
“How long before it reaches Earth and what will happen to the population when it does?” 
“At its present Translight speed, it will reach Earth’s atmosphere in just over thirty-six hours’ time. If the population resists there will be carnage on a truly global scale. If they surrender without a fight, the men of military age will be turned into Drones to fight in the Kayton armed forces. As for the women and children along with the elderly and infirm, they will be put to work in the Kayton war factories or mines because Earth has rich mineral resources which they will be keen to exploit.” 
Not much of a choice is it, between the Devil and the deep blue sea. Anyway, I had heard enough. I took one last good look around me, then I said “Right, Kev, then let’s show them who they are messing with when they take on Earth. Transport me back to my quarters on Sontral immediately.” And so it was done. The remaining time, I used to pack my belongings and tidy my room up. I always like to leave a place the way I find it. Then I just sat in the armchair, contemplating what lay ahead. Wondering just how much longer I could carry on for, not a good strategy. When the inevitable knock on the door came, my face lit up. I thought it was Freema coming to collect me, to accompany me to Chris and Alana’s laboratory. When I answered the door, my smile disappeared. It was Kronos who came to collect me, not Freema. Mind you, it could have been worse… it could have been Commander Vadoran. 
“Are you ready, John?” Kronos asked. 
“Yes, as ready as I am ever going to be.” 
“Okay, let’s go then. Let’s give the Kaytons hell; teach them a lesson they will never forget.” And with that we made what seemed to me the long journey to Chris and Alana’s laboratory.
On the way, Kronos said, “My Guardianship notified me you had travelled to Earth earlier.” 
“Did you think I had done a runner?”
“No,” Kronos said. “I know you better than that.” 
“I went to visit my parents’ grave,” I explained. 
“That’s what I thought,” Kronos said. “Freema paid us a visit earlier on; she tried to get the mission postponed to give you more time to prepare. Of course, that is impossible, but Freema doesn’t know that.” 
“Will she be there to see us off?” I asked. 
“I’m sure Kronos said that if she likes you half as much as he thinks she does, she will be there.” 
On entering the research facility, we had to negotiate one check point as, for obvious reasons, security had been increased. We then made our way to the laboratory where I not only saw Chris and Alana awaiting our presence, but also the Prime Minister, Commander Vadoran, and Professor Zinnerman, but alas there was no sign of Freema. 
After saying our farewells, Kronos and I took a few paces forward until we stood in front of what I could only describe as a huge circular disc like a cart wheel but without the spokes. Its proper name was Spa (super plasma accelerator.) Constructed by the Eams corporation, (Engineering and mining systems.) which in turn was a subsidiary of the massive X Grat industrial conglomerate, (Named after the founder of the company Xavier Grat.)  This enterprise along with its many subsidiaries had built all the equipment. Along with the mining of the very rare elements that were required for the Majestic Programme. Literary thousands of tons of ore hade to be extracted and refined. In a very lengthy and complex process, just to produce a few grams of the more exotic elements needed for the project. They had won the contract worth a hundred billion credits through a secret tendering process. The Prime Minister had personally signed the deal off, so there was no oversight or scrutiny by parliament. The whole undertaking was funded from a black ops slush fund that Commander Vadoran controlled. This money was used to fund all the secret weapons research. Just at that moment, in the nick of time, guess who arrived? Yes, of course, it was Freema. 
Kronos turned to me. “Go on, John. Go and have a word with her, you still have time.” 
I walked over to her. “I meant what I said earlier. I think you have been very kind and good to me, certainly more than what I deserve.” 
“Yes, and I love you, too,” she replied. “I always have and I always will.” 
“Forever and ever?” I asked.
“Yes,” Freema replied. “Forever and ever. Whatever has happened in the past, or comes around in the future, I will always be there for you.”
“I do so much want to live so that I can be with you.”
It was no time at all to get to know each other, but it was time enough to fall in Love. 
“And you will be,” Freema replied. “I will not let them destroy you, but you must do exactly what Kronos and Adema say. You must see what they see and do what they do and with a bit of luck you will be back before you know it.” 
“I have to tell you that I have done some very questionable things in the past that I am not very proud of.” 
She gave me a hug. “You silly boy, I don’t want to know what you have done in the past. I only want to know how you are going to live your life in the future.”
“Hopefully as a better person than I have been up until now.” 
Kronos then said, “I will get him back to you, Freema. Whatever it takes, I will get him back.” 
As we said our goodbyes to each other, I sang “chim chimney chim chimney chim chim chero that is why I always come back for you.” “Silly boy” Freema replied. After this exchange I re-joined Kronos, I think everyone in the room was touched except Commander Vadoran. As glum-faced as ever, to him it was just another potential impediment to the successful execution of the mission, the miserable old beggar. Eight of the Majestic Nine were now present. Only Adema, who would be waiting to receive us on Tyros, was not in that room as the moment of truth arrived. 
The Prime Minister had the last word. “Chris, Alana, do your best, do us proud and make history.” 
No pressure there then, Chris thought as Kronos and I fed the coordinates into our guardianships for our journey to meet Adema on Tyros. Our portals appeared next to each other at the base of the wheel but, as expected, they were both black in colour with the occasional lightning bolt shooting across the portals. Yes, the Transdamping barrier was doing its job well. Chris and Alana then started the process. The transparent wheel itself did not move, only what was inside it. I can only describe it as white-hot plasma energy, pure plasma charge, exact composition unknown exact quality unknown It was swirling around faster and faster inside the wheel and then it began to expand inwards until it surrounded our two portals. On making contact with our portals, the plasma made a horrific noise. It reminded me of a Tesla machine I had seen demonstrated on the Open University. I could see and smell the plasma energy burning on contact with our portals as well as sparks flying. I thought, are we a bit too close? Anyway, we both stayed rooted to the spot in anticipation but to no avail. Whatever Chris was trying to do, the Transdamping barrier was getting the better of him and Alana. The whole structure was buffering so severely I thought the whole edifice was about to collapse.
The Prime Minister shook his head. “It’s not working.” 
Professor Zinnerman quickly made his way over to the control panels to lend Chris and Alana a hand and do what he could to help. 
“I’m reconfiguring the flow,” Chris said, “into one concentrated power surge.” 
“I thought you would,” the Professor replied, “but you will only get one shot at it. The system will overload and burn itself out very quickly.” 
“I know,” Chris said, “but I have no choice now. It’s all or nothing.” As he pushed the system to its maximum extent the noise was deafening as the plasma energy did battle with our two separate portals. Then, would you believe it… there was a loud bang as, before our very eyes, our two portals came together, forming one larger portal that was now back to its normal white colour and therefore useable. Everyone in that room must have thought the same as I did – that this was what the ancient Kultarn prophesy must have meant, ‘And those two Guardians will then come together as one.’ 
Chris then shouted, “Go through now, it will only hold for a few seconds.” 
We needed no prompting and both stepped through the portal in unison like a pair of ferrets down a rabbit hole and hence into the unknown as the portal then began to collapse in on itself. Chris, who was visibly relieved, shut down the whole system before it overloaded and burnt out. 
The Professor then turned to him. “Well done my son, you have done what no one else thought possible.” 
“Thank you,” Chris replied.” 
Alana then approached and gave Chris a kiss on the cheek. “Congratulations, I knew you would succeed. I just knew it.” 
As Chris turned red with embarrassment the Professor smiled, no doubt thinking it was about time someone made the first move.
The Prime Minister then spoke. “Chris, Alana, well done. As for you, Commander Vadoran, by your tireless efforts over the last few years you have given them the means, but only God can give them the courage to carry out the mission.” He paused momentarily as though contemplating what his next words could be. And then, with a nod, he continued: “I suggest we all now retire for the evening and have a good night’s rest in readiness for tomorrow’s momentous events. Unlike the Kaytons, who will be into their third night of drunken behaviour… hopefully, that will work to our advantage.”
 
Seventeen

What confronted us as we emerged from our portal, was a large walled garden full of trees and exotic plants and the realization that we had completed our one-way journey to Tyros as our portal collapsed behind us. I now realized there was no going back; it was a case of all or nothing. Everything depended on the outcome of tomorrow’s events.
A man approached us. It was Adema. I thought straight away that he reminded me of the man who wrote Downton Abbey. Looks can be deceptive; to look at him, you wouldn’t think he was one of Commander Vadoran’s best agents. 
“It’s so good to see you, Kronos,” Adema said. “I thought this day would never come.” They shook hands and embraced. 
“Good to see you too, Adema,” Kronos replied. “Now this is John, who has agreed to help us in our fight against the Kaytons.” 
Adema shook my hand firmly. “It’s good to finally meet you, John. I cannot thank you enough for your help in our mission to bring down the Kaytons.” 
“It’s good to finally meet you as well, Adema,” I replied. “I have heard so much about you and the efforts you have made over the last three years to make the mission possible.” 
“Yes. Everything is now coming to its inevitable climax.” He led us out of his garden into his villa proper, which overlooked the Angers Feld Groschen beauty spot in Oberhausen province. 
“Is this all yours?” I asked as we entered the main living area. 
“Yes. This is what you get when you sell your soul to the devil. I even have staff to maintain the place but I gave them the weekend off, for obvious reasons.” 
Adema then invited us to sit down and provided refreshments for all three of us. 
“Are things as bad as the Kayton propaganda are making out?” he asked Kronos. 
“Yes,” Kronos replied. “The Hellertrons are in full retreat. The Prime Minister only narrowly won a vote of no confidence in Parliament. If the situation deteriorates any further he would not win another one. Now, John, if you are in agreement and seeing that Adema is risking his life tomorrow in part to help you, I would like to reveal the reason why to him.” 
I nodded in agreement as Kronos continued. “John’s home planet is Earth and a Kayton battle squadron is less than a day and a half away from occupying it. That is the main reason why we are making the attempt tomorrow.” 
“I wondered why the attempt was being made so soon after John arrived on Sontral,” Adema said. “I assumed more time would be spent on his training for the mission. We will have to make doubly sure we succeed.” He then laid out the blueprints of the Drone command bunker on the table for Kronos to inspect. 
“Oh,” said Kronos, “that magnamite shield casing protecting the power generator relays is a lot thicker than I expected. Are you sure the charges will be strong enough to sever the connection?” 
 Adema replied, “I have re-engineered the charges into a shape charge, so it will punch deeply in one direction instead of dissipating in many different directions. All the computer simulations I have run confirm my calculations but the charges must be placed correctly to ensure success.” 
“Have you got that, John?” Kronos asked. 
“Yes, I’m all ears,” I replied. “I won’t let you down. The charges will be placed correctly, you can be assured of that. What is magnamite, though? I have never heard of that metal before.” 
“Magnamite is the hardest metal known to man,” Kronos replied. “That’s why the Kaytons are so interested in Earth because it has rich deposits within its crust. Too deep to have been discovered by your people yet.” 
For the rest of the evening we relaxed and talked more about personal matters than what lay ahead. On Tyros itself, the population was coming to the end of its three days of national celebration that had been declared by the Supreme Council to mark the crushing victory they had just achieved over the Hellertrons. In vast night clubs, people were dancing on the huge dance floors that were surrounded by tables and bars. The constant, repetitive thump of the music was blaring out in ever increasing volumes. In the middle of each table a holograph was being projected of a scantily clad woman dancing the night away. Mind you, there were plenty of real women to be found, as well of hordes of drunken men, all celebrating now they thought the war was as good as over. The sheer excess of it all was reminiscent of a scene from Sodom and Gomorrah. 
In a special V.I.P. area off the main dance floor, Drakos was sitting with his son and, shall we say, four ladies of the night. As Wesker approached gingerly, he was unfamiliar with these surroundings A young Kayton guard stood in front of him and said: “V.I.P.s only.”
“Don’t you take that tone with me young man, do you know who I am?” Wesker replied, fuming with rage. “By this time tomorrow I could have you on the Keltar battle front serving in a punishment battalion,” he continued.
At that moment, the guard’s superior officer arrived, who did recognize Wesker. “I’m sorry sir, we’re not used to seeing you here.” 
“Go on, get out of my way the pair of you, and don’t ever let me set eyes on either of you again,” he snapped back. 
“Yes sir. Sorry sir.” Sheepishly, they crawled away.
 He noticed a woman wrapping her scarf around the neck of a Drone Guard. She was laughing. The guard just stood there passively, locked as he was in his eternal torment.
 As he approached Drakos, two women put their arms around him. He waved his arms and said. “Oh go away.”  
“Oh, lighten up, man!” Drakos shouted. “All work and no play makes Wesker a dull boy. Have you met my son, Daymar? He has just been promoted to the Citadel guard.” 
“Yes, I’m very pleased for you,” Wesker replied, “but if you don’t mind, I would like a word in private.” 
“Go on, son,” Drakos said. “Take the girls for a dance while I have a chat with grumpy old Wesker. Now then, what can I do for you?” 
“I have been worried since the arrival of the second Guardian,” Wesker replied. “One of my contacts on Sontral, a former secretary, has come across a top-secret project called Majestic that she thinks involves the guardians. She reckons less than ten people even know of its existence.” 
“But what makes you think Majestic has anything to do with the Guardians?” Drakos asked. 
“Because there has been a flurry of activity surrounding Majestic since the arrival of the second Guardian on Sontral. Also, he has been seen a lot with a woman who trains their agents in the use of weapons and explosives and then he disappears off the grid altogether for long periods of time.” 
“How much did you pay her for that piece of intelligence?” 
“A lot,” Wesker replied. “She took great risks to get me the information; you certainly don’t want to know how much I paid.” 
“The Kaytons will, though, and when they do they will be cutting your money down because you have been conned. I have had no reports from my agents on Sontral about anything being in the offing. You have been given a bum steer.” 
“Yes, but your contacts are in the military not the scientific directorate—” 
“No, you are wrong, Wesker,” said Drakos. “There is nothing going on and as for the guardian disappearing off the grid, well so did Kronos when he went over to the Solarans. Maybe they are training him for behind the line’s operations, but that is not going to make any difference now at this late stage in the war. In fact, the Kayton military have now been told to prepare for the rapid occupation of the remainder of the Hellertron empire, due to their worsening situation. I’m telling you the war will be over soon, God bless the Hellertrons, the only thing reliable in this unreliable Galaxy is the unreliability of the Hellertrons. After the Hellertrons surrender, the Solarans will be suing us for peace. They will not continue the war without allies, especially with all their raw materials running out.” 
“Do you remember,” Wesker said, “when we were at school all those years ago, we were taught the stories about the ancient Kultarn and their written prophecies they read… And those two guardians will then come together as one and help prevent a terrible darkness from descending over the galaxy.” 
“And that’s all they were,” Drakos replied. “Nothing more than stories that were passed down through the ages to captivate and amuse the young.” 
“Yes, when we were young that was a valid argument, but look what has happened since both Guardianships have come into existence and chosen two Guardians who have both joined the Solarans.” 
Drakos chuckled to himself. “What are they going to do? Come together and sing us to death like the Guardian did at the theatre the other night? Did you see that performance? All I can say is I hope he doesn’t give up his day job to sing full time.” As Drakos smiled to himself, he said “Oh enjoy the war because the peace will be dreadfully boring.”
Wesker missed the joke. “I’m telling you the Solarans are up to something.” 
“What do you want me to do?” Drakos asked, noting Wesker becoming ever more agitated. 
“Go and see the Supreme Council. You are head of security, make out a case for more stringent security procedures. You’ve got to get them to declare a Defense Mode One system wide lockdown.”
“All right,” Drakos conceded. “You are worse than my ex-wife for nagging. I will contact the Supreme Council first thing in the morning to make an appointment to see them as soon as possible, which will probably be sometime in the afternoon. Are you happy now?” 
“Yes. Thank you, I appreciate that,” Wesker replied. 
“What did the Supreme Council say when you spoke to them about your concerns?” Drakos asked. 
“They told me that I was worrying unnecessarily over nothing and the war would soon be over. The guardians along with the Hellertron empire and the Kultarn legacy would all then be consigned to the dustbin of history.” 
“I couldn’t agree more,” Drakos said. “What do you make of the new Guardian?  Do you think he will come over to us when the war is over?” 
Wesker shook his head. “I think not. My impression of him is that I don’t think he has got religion but he has certainly developed a misplaced conscience. I don’t think he will be coming over to us any time in the near future and that’s why, when the war is over, we should make it a priority to find out the location of his home planet so that we can exert the necessary pressure on him to comply with our wishes.” 
At that moment, Daymar and the girls appeared back on the scene. 
“I will bid you all goodnight then,” Wesker continued. 
“Likewise,” Drakos said. “I will talk to you further tomorrow evening to let you know how I fared with the Supreme Council.” 
With that, Wesker made his way out as everyone else continued to party the night away. As he did so one guy fell to his knees in front of him, he had a bottle of wine in his hand as he continued to make merry. (He was actually the receptionist in the Drone command bunker.) Wesker just tutted to himself, and made a quick exit from what was to all intense and purposes like the title of a 1960s film, It’s a mad mad mad mad world.
Back in the quieter and more modest surroundings of Adema’s residence, all three of us were talking the night away. I think they were trying to cheer me up and take my mind off more pressing worries. 
“Do you have anyone waiting for you back on Earth?” Adema asked. 
“No, not on Earth,” I replied. 
Kronos then explained. “John has Freema waiting for him on Sontral. She trained John for the mission, during which time they fell for each other and now they are an item.” 
Adema smiled. “I’m sure when this is all over, you and Freema can make a life for yourselves and be happy.” 
“Thanks,” I replied. “Do you have any family back on Sontral waiting for you?” 
“I had a wife and son,” Adema said. “My son was killed in the war and my wife died not long afterwards from grief. My son was posthumously awarded the highest military award. He saved everyone on that Transport before an explosion killed him while he was trying to put out the fire.” 
“I’m so sorry, Adema,” I replied. “You have lost everyone so dear and precious to you.” 
“There is no need for tears or sorrow, John, because I know tomorrow we are going to be responsible for changing the course of history. We shall be instrumental in ridding the galaxy of the most evil despicable creatures that have ever lived; that I know to be true and that will be my revenge.” 
“Yes, it is a very sobering thought,” Kronos remarked. 
“I think something went terribly wrong in the distant past,” I said. “I am convinced the Kultarn foresaw what events were going to unfold in the future. So they created the Guardianships for future generations to at least make the attempt at righting the wrongs of the past.” 
“I think you are right, John,” Kronos replied. “Spot on with your interpretation of what has transpired.” 
As Adema nodded in agreement, Kronos continued, “John, in the brief time I have known you it has been a pleasure and an honour to call you a friend. I hope we will always remain so.” 
“Thank you,” I said. “I feel likewise. In fact, I have had my life more enriched in the last few days with you and everyone else than I have in the last few months on Earth put together. I wouldn’t swap the time I have had with you, not for all the tea in China and all the gold in fort Knox. The experiences I have had and the places I have seen… well, you were right, I really have seen the stars, but most of all the warmth and welcome of the people I have met and the love I have found. I hope that this time tomorrow the war will be over and all three of us are back on Sontral celebrating the peace, which I’m sure will be just and long lasting for all.” 
We continued to talk for only a short time more before I bade Kronos and Adema goodnight and then made the lonely walk to my room to retire for the evening. On arrival I walked over to the window. It was dark now and of course the pattern of the stars in the sky was different to what it would been if I was viewing it from Earth. And would you believe it… Tyros had two moons. One about the same size and distance away as our moon was from Earth, the other was smaller and further out. Considering where I was, I christened them the twins of evil. As I looked out of the window I thought, you twins of evil, staring down, surveying your creation; doing your evil bidding throughout galactic space. But be warned, your days are numbered; the reckoning is now at hand. You are about to fall from grace. Consigned to history never to return. 
I briefly put the Kayton television on but it was all propaganda, Gold and silver ticker tape raining down on the Kayton troops on their victory march through the Kayton big cities. Young girls kissing the soldiers and throwing flowers over them. Then from dawn until dusk the Hellertron prisoners ten, twelve abreast were marched through the streets of Tyros. Very few regulars though, most of them had fought and died where they had stood. These were mostly young conscripts some with only three weeks basic training. The humiliation was made all the worse by the Kayton civilians abusing them by throwing rotten eggs and tomatoes at them. And shouting, “Dirty Hellrtrons, filthy creatures you Umenstart.” (Which was the Kultarn word for unclean.) God only knows what those poor boys were thinking, all those light years away from home, where and how would all this torment end for them. That the war went on at all was an amazement to most of the Kayton people. Few of their Generals thought the Hellertrons could fight on for much longer. Yes Hellertron military strategy was now bankrupt, no one realised it better than their general staff. And they realised too now, that peace except peace brought about by total destruction was impossible. That is why at 0900 hours on Ruatarn capital planet time they launched a bloodless military coup and seized power. The civilian government was still allowed to function, but they the military were now calling the shots. Although they did promise that after the war, control would be handed back to the civilian government. But it was all too little too late, I’m afraid there was nothing left now but sorrow too fill the vacuum of the Hellertron soul. Then they showed a short video to music of their advance against the Hellertrons, which consisted mainly of Hellertron equipment going up in smoke. I will say one thing for them though, they knew how to sing and spin a good yarn. Doctor Goebbels the German proper gander Minister during the war would have been proud of them. After a few minutes I decided to call it a day, retire to bed and get as much rest as possible before the day of reckoning tomorrow. While I was waiting to nod off it occurred to me that even though the Solaran people were far more technologically advanced than Earth, they had not lost that all-important ability to treat people with the personal touch. Unlike on Earth, where technology now seemed to be the first point of contact in many walks of life, instead of a human being. 
My back went once, but instead of seeing a doctor face to face, they phoned me instead so I had to describe what happened over the phone, which I thought was very unsatisfactory. Anyway, in the end I at least got the anti-inflammatory tablets I needed. Another time, they phoned me with some test results instead of telling me face to face. My local supermarket recently did away with all the manned tills. Now they are all self-service machines, what I call robots – how much more impersonal can you get? Sometimes they give you the wrong change but the staff are more inclined to believe the machine instead of the customer. My local library has also introduced a self-service machine to return books and book computer time but they must have taken pity on me as they still allow me to use their services on a face-to-face level so as not to lose that personal contact. 
I once saw a programme on television about the workhouse. Oh, it was chilling. When the inmates had finished the laundry work they were allocated, they lifted up a shutter and placed their finished laundry on a shelf and then pulled the shutter down. Only then did the bosses on the other side of the wall lift up their shutter to retrieve the laundry, after which they pulled the shutter down again so that there was no human contact between them and the workhouse inmates. 
Can you see the parallels between now and then… how our modern technological terrors are starting to replicate behaviours and practices from the past by eliminating that all-important personal human contact? When I am sitting in the library reading a book, I cannot help but notice the younger generation playing for hours on end on the computers. Playing silly games, I’ve even seen them playing Black jack and Roulette. They are glued to the screens as if their lives depended on it, having no interaction with real people, not to mention the lack of exercise and natural sunlight. It does make you wonder where it will all end. Are we creating a generation who are unable to cope with normal face-to-face situations, like the workhouse in the past, eliminating human contact? 
These thoughts led me back to back to my friends in the Library, where I go to broaden my horizons (In the days before they were broadened by the guardianship!) I thought about Hinge and Bracket – Pat and Anna – two nice little old ladies I talk to, even though Pat is as deaf as a doornail. As for young Anna, she must be ninety if she is a day. She came to Leeds in 1950 to take up a job as an English Teacher in a Girls High School, three years before my Father arrived in England.
One February, I asked her to be my Valentine. “Oh, give over, John,” she said, “I’m far too old for you. You’re a young man compared to me.”
“I’ve always liked you Anna,” I said. “I came across Leeds today because I like you you’re everything that ever has been and ever will be to me.” 
She looked at me. “But I do tell a lot of porky pies (lies),” I admitted. “Still, if you’re ever looking for company, I’m your man. And remember the big advantage with me is, I am young, affectionate and I’m willing to learn from a more mature and experienced women like yourself.” That made Hinge and Bracket laugh out loud. I saw Anna hobbling around Leeds city centre one afternoon, she was in the process of buying her Milk Stout for the weekend. I said to her “my strategy is to ply you with alcohol so I can have my wicked way with you.” She replied. “Oh yes please.”   
Then there’s Gary, who looks like an older version of Sheldon from Big Bang Theory. Mind you, he’s in a pitiful state physically. When he hobbles in with his dodgy leg and bad arm I hum the Steptoe and Son theme tune. 
I did not think it was possible for anybody to live a more wretched life than Bob, but Gary does. He has no gas or electricity, and relies on the street lamps for night time light, especially during the long winter months. He’s no bed, but rolls himself in a mattress, like a swiss roll until just his head sticks out. He sits in the central bus station at night for as long as he can just to keep warm. Bob said he was lucky not get hypothermia, or mugged sitting in the bus station until late. Once I said to him there is a packet on the floor with some crisps still left in. Like a flash he picked them up and ate the lot without hesitation, after offering me a portion which I refused. He said to me once, “it’s like waiting for God, hoping I crock it before my parents” (Only Kidding.) He’s a bright young man, who comes from Southampton, he used to watch the big ocean liners in port when he was a youngster. He went to University in Leeds, when he lost his job down south, he came to live in Leeds because he knew it was a dam sight cheaper to live in Leeds than London There’s a mouse in his home to whom he feeds chocolate, he’s trying to get a job as a baggage handler at Heathrow airport. Previously he had worked there for American Airways until he was made redundant. He's reminds me of the one armed waiter from the 1970s sitcom Robins Nest staring Richard O Sullivan Tessa Wyatt and Tony Britton. None of us have the heart to say to him, job wise do you think you are aiming a bit too high. He said to me once that he thought that me and Bob are a pair of institutionalized dinosaurs. Bob answer was that dinosaurs might not have been very bright, but they had ruled the Earth for millions of years. He also pointed out that birds are descended from dinosaurs.     
There is a retired English teacher who comes into the library a couple of times a week. She looks the part, with her thick rimmed glasses. For a laugh Bob walked up to her once and said “Hello, sweetheart, do you think you could teach me a thing or two then love?”
If looks could kill.
One day a little lad of about 12 came up to me. He was wearing his Sunday best suit, and trying to impress one of the librarians. Hands on his lapels, he said. “That Sian is a fit bird, do you think I’ve got a chance with her, John?”  
“I think she’s already got a boyfriend,” I replied, breaking the bad news. With that he shrugged his shoulders, put his hands back in his pockets and walked out of the library a very dejected young gentleman. He just reminded me of Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Back in the main living room, Adema and Kronos were in last minute discussions. 
“I already have the security passes for tomorrow,” Adema said. “One to gain entry to the Citadel, the other to gain access to the Drone command bunker itself. Once we have been cleared, the duty officer will then unlock an inner security door by punching a ten digit code into a key pad.” Adema then produced a device which looked like a small mobile phone. “If, for whatever reason, something goes wrong,” he explained, “place this decoder onto the keypad. It is magnetic, so will stay attached. Then press the one and only button. It will then do the rest, automatically decoding and unlocking the door within three minutes.” 
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that,” Kronos replied. 
“I am confident it won’t,” Adema replied. “The Kaytons are getting very lax with their security measures. Especially now they think the war is as good as over. A large proportion of them are nursing hangovers from their three days of nation celebrations.” 
“What about the allocation of the Drone guards that John and I will be replacing?” Kronos asked. “How have you got around that?” 
“Good question, Kronos. I have hacked into their system, making it appear that two guards will collect me from here and then escort me to the Citadel on my work detail. Obviously, I have two guard uniforms for you and John. Harder to acquire were the laser rifles, but I eventually managed to get my hands on two. Don’t ask me how I did it!” 
Kronos laughed. “Well we always knew you were resourceful, Adema. That’s one of the reasons you got the job in the first place.” 
“Huh, more like no one else was daft enough to take the mission on. Now, I have altered the two laser rifles to a more rapid rate of fire. The down side is they will burn out in a matter of minutes. But on the plus side, they will give out the fire power equivalent to a heavy machine gun.” 
“Excellent. Well done, Kronos replied, you have thought of everything and covered every conceivable eventuality, I can ask no more of you.” 
“If things do start to go wrong Adema continued we’re going to have to hold them off while John places the charges do you think he can do it on his own.”
“Oh, he will do it. Of that I have no doubt.” 
“Well, that is good enough for me,” Adema said. “Does he know the significance of Earth?” 
“Not yet,” Kronos replied. “I will tell him when we get back to Sontral.” 
“Probably for the best. You don’t want to pile any more pressure on him. Well, shall we call it a night?” 

Eighteen

As they both retired for the evening it was still relatively early so, unlike the Kaytons, all three of us would have a good night’s rest. And what, you might ask, were all three of us dreaming about on that emotionally charged night. What I had christened, the night of the long sleep. 
Adema was dreaming of that time in the past when his wife was alive and his son had just graduated from the officer training academy. They were having a farewell party before his posting to the battle front which would take effect the following day. On that morning as they said their goodbyes, Adema told him not to take any unnecessary risks. Then that terrible day arrived when the news came of their son’s loss. Adema swore vengeance as his wife screamed uncontrollably with grief. 
What of Kronos that night? Well of course he was dreaming about his wife and children on his home planet and then the news came that Drakos had betrayed him, his family and his home planet. Also that night he was dreaming of the time he Transported himself behind the Kaytons, lines to one of their slave worker planets. He did not believe the stories the Solarans had told him that the Kaytons were putting captured Hellertron civilians to work in their war factories. He wanted to see the evidence for himself. And what a sight confronted him as he observed the scene from the tree line, which was a safe distance away. As endless columns of Hellertron civilians, including the old as well as the women and children, no distinction made… all being led into vast Nissen-hut-styled accommodation camps which were surrounded by armed fortified watch towers as well as electrified fences. Next to the camps were the war factories themselves where the Hellertrons would toil twelve hours a day, seven days a week. Just a little further ahead there was a Kayton guard cracking a whip on the ground as the Hellertron civilians were trundling past. One of the other Kayton officers said “Are you cracking the whip?”
“Yes, I’m having a whip round,” came the reply.
The Kayton officers and guards burst out laughing. 
The whole valley, like the whole planet, was covered in the same repetitive complexes and it was also repeated in many other solar systems. Yes, the Kaytons wanted an empire and that empire would come from the former Hellertron territories, incorporating them into what they called their Greater Galactic Prosperity Sphere. 
Oh, but there was more… a lot more to this colonisation. Once the war was won, the war factories would then be converted to produce cheap consumer goods for the Kaytons so as to rival the Solaran Commonwealth. When the process was complete the Kaytons would be the dominant political economic and military power in the galaxy with just about everyone else servicing their needs. So even when the war ended, there was to be no end in sight for the Hellertrons; just a lifetime of slavery to look forward to. As Kronos looked on at the pitiless columns of civilians, a small boy strayed slightly away from his parents. The Kayton sentry’s guard dog which was on a leash, barked menacingly at him. The dog’s name was Prince; he was a bad ass dog. Even some of the Kayton guards were frightened of him. Only the guy who looked after all the dogs, the kennel master, could keep him in check. He loved the dogs; he doted on them. Many a time you could see him in the kennel compound on his knees with the dogs, or as he called them, his little babies, as they licked his face. Anyway, the boy immediately ran back to his parents, embracing his father, crying, “Papa, the dog barked at me!” His father replied, “It’s alright, son, he only barked because you startled him. Don’t worry, you’re back with us now.” 
Immediately in front of that family was a very old woman. As the column came momentarily to a halt, a Kayton guard placed his truncheon directly under her chin. He then raised her head until her eyes met his.
“Mercy, mercy, please show mercy, sir,” She begged. 
The guard smiled. “Come on, keep moving. We’re stocktaking; you’re all going to do an honest day’s work from now on.” 
“Curse on you, Kayton devils, die a slow death. In the cauldron of hell, our torment is nothing compared to what awaits you. Evil men of death and woe,” thought the old woman.
Another guard shouted, “I’ve never seen a Hellertron get their hands dirty and do an honest day’s work yet!” 
“I used to work on a chicken farm before the war,” the other guard said. “We tried to do a stock take on the chickens once but they ran too fast for us to count them, not like this lazy and shiftless lot. Counting them will be very easy.” 
All the guards started laughing as the column of hapless civilians continued their long trek into captivity. A statistical analysis report commissioned by the Solarans had conclusively proven beyond doubt that the Kaytons had more dudes than any of the three combatant powers. The only logical explanation was sabotage by the Hellertron slave labourers, so in their small way they indirectly saved the life of a Hellertron or Solaran soldier. Although if the Kaytons caught them, the punishment was an instant death sentence but it didn’t stop them. If anything, it encouraged even more workers to commit sabotage. 
Kronos then woke up from this nightmare, sweating profusely. He just laid on his side, staring aimlessly into the void, unable to get back to sleep, no doubt contemplating what lay ahead.
Now just to throw a spanner in the works what was slippery old Wesker dreaming about in that night of the long sleep? Tucked up in bed under his thick duvet with only his head sticking out with his arms around his child hood teddy bear Algernon, Oh what a sight. On his bed side dressing table, a picture of his dear departed mother was looking down on him, she spoiled her only child. No picture of his Father was to be seen, Wesker perceived him as a bad sod for all the beatings he gave him as a child. His Fathers picture was gathering dust in the attic.
He was dreaming of the time when he was still on the Solaran payroll. He was already grumbling after being passed over for the head Scientific Directorate, which had gone, deservedly, to Professor Zinnerman. 
Wesker was head of new weapons research and proving. As part of his job he had on occasion to visit to the various battle fronts to assess how new weapons were performing. There was nothing like seeing them in combat to spot any teething troubles to iron out before full scale production began. It was one of these trips that his transport the Steer mark named after his favorite Maglev train when he was a youngster was parked on the apron of an airfield. Even then he was living far beyond his means, his transport in particular was lavishly equipped. 
He was sat in the dining car, eating to excess and talking to his underlings, holding forth on the merits of a new weapon. All this was in sharp contrast to the scenes being played outside. With wounded men being treated or wondering around aimlessly. One guy on Weskers staff said “I haven’t had a properly working weapon since the battle of Zelar.” Then unexpectedly another transport pulled alongside his own. The seriously wounded were given top priority, being placed on a fast transport ship, so that within a matter of hours they would be on a specialist hospital on a nearby suitable planet. As for the walking wounded, they had a lower priority, and were often packed onto slower transports before being taken for treatment to non-urgent field hospitals. This was what Wesker and his crew were now witnessing in the transport beside them. Yet what a state they were in, utterly demoralized and wrapped in bandages.
“Are they the wounded?” he asked.
“Yes, from the Keltar battle front,” came the unwelcome reply.
Wesker just stared, his jaw dropped in disbelief, his fist filling the gap. After a few seconds of being riveted in this position he snapped his fingers, and ordered his white gloved man servants to close the blinds. He looked at each of his lieutenants in turn, forcing them to bow their heads. Thus they could not see the machinations of his mind. Wesker was clear.  There was only one way to save himself from being on the losing side, and poverty. This was the moment when he decided to defect over to the Kaytons.
As for the Hellertron slave laborers, living in their basic huts, like Nissan shelters with just a single stove for heat, that night a rumor began. The little boy from earlier sat on the old lady’s knee while she spoke to him.
“When I was your age we were taught to be prepared for a terrible war that would come one day,” she said in her gentle voice. “But we were also told that two guardians would come to save us.”
“Stop filling the boy’s head with nonsense,” the child’s father wanted none of that nostalgic nonsense. “The Empire is finished. The Republic is dead.” 
“And if the Solarans have got any sense they will make a separate peace and save themselves before it is too late.” Don’t give up, People have overheard the guards talking. A second Guardian has come forward, he is on Sontral as we speak. I’m absolutely convinced the Kultam miracle is at hand. I can feel it in my bones, as old as they are.” The woman smiled, and squeezed the boy’s shoulders.
“Pie in the sky,” the child’s father was not convinced. “Fantasy. Our days are now no more than toiling for the Kaytons. Son, come here, we need to go back to your mother.” The boy hopped off the old woman’s knee, joined his father and together they made their way back to their own cramped quarters.
And what of me? What was I dreaming of on my one and only night on Tyros? I had been thinking of my parents a lot in the last few days so it was no surprise that I was dreaming about them, as I had done many times in the past. Sometimes when I woke up the following morning, I would forget what I had dreamt. But if I was lucky enough to remember, I would always say to myself it was an honour and a privilege to have seen them once again. They were the good people and the good people are everything. Giving me the gift of life, the most precious gift of all. 
To begin with in the dream, I was very young. I was making a snowman with my father, using pieces of coal for the eyes, nose and mouth. Yes back in those far distant days it really was games without frontiers and war without tears. You could rework some more words from that particular song that would apply to the current situation. And the Kaytons built a bonfire and we all played with it. Next, I flashed to a time when I was older. My parents were saying to me, “If you put your mind to it, son, you can achieve anything you want in life.” 
I remember that I once had two girlfriends at the same time. My father asked, “Which one do you like the most?” 
“The one I am with at the time,” I replied. 
My father said, “That is a good answer, son. You will go far.” 
Anyway, next I was in a room with both my parents. I ran over to greet and hug them, embracing them both very tightly to make up for all the years we had been parted. As I raised my head to look them both in the eyes, they were smiling. 
My father said, “It’s good to see you, son.” 
My mother said, “How are you, John?” 
“I’m all right,” I replied. “It’s so good to see you both again, not a day goes by without me thinking about you.” But there was no disguising my anxious tone of voice or worried appearance. My parents knew me too well for me to be able to pull the wool over their eyes. 
“What’s wrong, John?” my mother asked. 
“I’m so frightened of what lies ahead for me,” I replied. “I don’t know if I possess the inner strength to go on.” 
My mother put her hand on my cheek and said, “Don’t be frightened; your father and I will always be watching over you.” 
I smiled. “You are both angels now, aren’t you, working for God?” 
They both smiled, as did I but alas, my time with them was over all too quickly as I felt myself being shaken awake by Kronos. It was morning. 
As I opened my eyes, he was saying, “John, wake up; it’s time.” 
“Already?” I replied. “That soon passed. Don’t I get a lie in?” 
He smiled. “Not today, John.” 
He left me to get ready but as I lay there I kept saying to myself, I will just have five more minutes in bed before I get up.
So began what for me would be my longest day. I think it was Field Marshall Rommel who coined the phrase. Sent by Hitler on 21st November 1943 to inspect and improve the Atlantic Wall, on December 30th of the same year he was appointed Army Group B Commander for the threatened Channel Coast sector. He knew the first 24 hours would be decisive. Any Allied attack must be dispersed in the surf, or destroyed on the beaches. If the Allies became established, they would be able to build up their forces quicker than the Germans because of their total air superiority. So much so the Germans could not move at all during the day, and only move about 20 miles at night to bring in supplies and reinforcements. Rommel knew this because of his firsthand experience of the crippling effects of allied air power when he was the commander of the Africa Korps in North Africa. He wanted the Panzer Divisions placed close to the coast, so as to launch a rapid counter attack before the allies could consolidate their bridgeheads. But Hitler overruled him, he wanted the Panzer Divisions concentrated inland and not dispersed. Not to be committed until the allies had shown their hand fully He also had a point in that the Panzer Divisions could be pinned down on the coast by the allied air power and navel gun fire and be unable to move elsewhere easily, but in the end Rommel’s strategy was proved to be the more correct. He made repeated attempts to move the 12ss panzer and panzer Lehr divisions on a line St lo, Caratain. Had those divisions been there on June 6th the Omaha beach head would surely have been smashed. Even on the day itself had Rommel been there at the Berghoff to raise Hitler out of his early morning dreams it might not have been too late. But it was too late when he held his afternoon situation conference and released the 12ss panzer division.
General Bradley feared a counter attack, but Rommel knew it was impossible. In less than a week he had concluded there would be no more landings. But thanks to the allied deception plan which convinced Hitler that Normandy was only a feint and that the main landings would come later at the Pas De Calais. Hitler refused Rommel’s request to move the bulk of the 15th Army from the Pas De Calais to Normandy, to counter the allied landings there. Four weeks after D-Day there were still 20 divisions languishing in the Pas De Calais. Only on the 24th of July did Hitler concede that there were not going to be any more landings. By then it was too late as on the 25th July the American 3rd Army under General Patton launched operation Cobra, the operation to breakout of the Normandy bridgehead. Rommel also suggested turning the V.1 rockets on the allied beaches, to disrupt the amount of supplies to the armies in the field, it could have caused the allies severe problems. Again Hitler said no, his argument being the rockets were not precise enough to hit a small target, only a bigger target like London. Anyway he was convinced the rockets would destroy British moral and bring them to the negotiating table     
Rommel gradually become more and more disillusioned with the leadership of his Fuhrer, eventually he become implicated in the plot to kill Hitler. Not directly, but he had been sounded out by the plotters, who had told him that steps were going to be taken to remove Hitler from power. It is possible that Rommel interpreted this statement as meaning that Hitler would be arrested and put on trial, rather than be physically assassinated. After much deliberation he finally said that if the plot succeeded he would support it, something for which he paid with his life on October 14th 1944. Two people gave his name under torture, also other pieces of intelligence seemed to corroborate what they had said. He took poison in his home town of Harlingen after being visited by two of Hitler generals, he had been recuperating there from a triple fracture to the skull. Which he had sustained when an allied fighter bomber had strafed his staff car in Normandy on the 17th of July. At least this way he avoided an ugly trial, which could have looked bad for the regime. In return he got a state funeral, and his wife got a pension. Of the two divisions mentioned the Panzer Lehr was commanded by General Bayerlin, Rommel’s chief of staff in North Africa. It contained 250 fighting vehicles, Rommel called it a superb fighting Division. Of the other, it was in June 1943 that Hitler accepted the head of the Hitler Youth Arthur Axman offer to raise a Panzer Division from the ranks of the Hitler Youth. Which became the 12th SS Panzer Division, average age of its members was only 17 years old. After the successful allied breakout from Normandy, it was this unit that held open the last escape route out of Normandy, the Falaise Argention gap for a whole week. Long enough for those German units which could break out to escape. I’m afraid though this unit was involved in atrocities, they were responsible for killing Canadian prisoners of war during the fighting. After the battle the Division was reduced to 200 men, good ridden to bad rubbish as far as I am concerned. After the war its commander Major General Kurt Meyer was tried for war crimes. Interesting case Arthur Axman he was in the bunker in Berlin at the end of the war. He said he definitely saw Martin Borman killed, but do you believe him, well apparently so. In December 1972 a body was found in Berlin almost exactly where Axman said Borman had fallen. Dental records pointed towards it being him, then finally in 1998 D.N.A evidence conclusively confirmed it was him. His bones were thrown out of a plane into the North Sea, another case of good ridden to bad rubbish. I’m sure you have seen the very last news reel of Hitler awarding medals to members of the Hitler Youth, for bravery on the Eastern front. The guy to Hitlers right was Arthur Axman, he must have been part of the inner circle. To be placed in charge of the youth of Germany by Hitler himself. After doing his jail time when the war was over, he lived a quiet life. He was the last Nazi with the rank of Reich Furher to die in 1997.        
 But after saying five more minuets a couple of times I could delay the inevitable no longer. I dragged myself out of bed, had a shower and then dressed in my black Drone army uniform that Adema had provided for me. Then I made my way into the kitchen for a drink and a bite to eat. I had Kayton porridge… and would you believe it? Just my luck, it was full of lumps. I’m telling you, if I backed a horse in a two-horse race you could guarantee that mine would come second. When I had finished I made my way into the main living room, saying good morning to Adema and Kronos who were both busy preparing for the mission. 
“Are you ready, John?” Kronos said. 
“I was ready before you were born,” I whispered in response.

Nineteen

Adema was packing the explosives and the decoder as well as the two Guardianship belts into the false bottom of his work trolley, which looked a bit like the ones they use in my local library to ferry the books. I noticed the trolley had no wheels; it was hovering above the ground, utilizing the same anti-gravity technology I had seen the Supreme Council members use on the guardian verification mission on New Canada. Kronos was checking the two laser rifles, handling them like a real professional, which of course he was. As for me, I just sat down on a chair, feeling sorry for myself. My head was bowed and I must have looked like the dead-end kid of Tyros. I don’t know how fear manifests itself in other people but in me, as well as feeling sick in my stomach, I also feel a pressure down on the back of my neck. Not a very pleasant combination to endure. 
It did not take long for Adema and Kronos to notice the apathetic state of despondency I was descending into. They both looked at me and then at each other, after which they made their way over to me, Adema reaching me first. 
He put his right arm around my shoulder. “Don’t worry, John. Everything is going to be all right.” He then leaned over and whispered into my ear, “I won’t let anything happen to you.” 
I will never forget his smile. As I turned to face him I smiled back. “Thank you.” 
I then stood up to face Kronos who began to straighten my uniform, saying as he did so, “We will make a soldier of you yet, John. Are you ready?” 
“Yes,” I replied, looking him straight in the eye. “I am as ready as I will ever be.” 
“Good. Now John, listen to me. The only limit on your achievement in the future is the uncertainness of today. Remember what President Roosevelt said: the only thing to fear is fear itself.” 
Then it suddenly dawned on me. “You have been to Earth before, haven’t you? Before my Guardianship activated itself.” 
“Yes, I have, John,” Kronos replied. “Earth does hold a special place in the great scheme of things. I will tell you all about it when we get back to Sontral. But for the here and now, shall we be content to kick the hell out of the Kaytons and teach them a lesson they will never forget? I want to see you walk tall, show a bit of swagger and look as though you belong here on Tyros.” 
“I will go along with that sentiment,” I replied. 
We both placed our helmets on and grabbed our rifles and then the three of us made our way out of the villa with Adema pushing the trolley, saying, “Lights off.” He then locked the door, after which we all made our way to the end of the drive and boarded a small vehicle that could seat four. It was like a Maglev train system. 
“OK, let’s go,” said Kronos, when all was ready.
Adema then said, “Destination Citadel,” and with that we were on our way.
As we started our journey, Kronos said, “No more talking for me and you now, John. Just silently follow any instructions Adema gives you.” 
“Okay,” I replied. “Mum’s the word.” 
Dawn was breaking, at last we are on our way
For we are the riders of the dawn
Who now strike out
To deliver a knockout blow
At the beast’s black heart.
And banish it forever
To the depths of hell.
Where it will burn, burn, burn
Never to return.
On arriving at the main station our vehicle hooked up with many others that must have been going to the Citadel. Then, this time as one long train, we were on our way again. Not long into our journey, we skirted a big city. I thought to myself, Shining, shimmering, golden towers, swaying aimlessly in the wind. Personifying evil from their occupants within. Built on slavery on foundations of clay. Will they even be standing by the end of this momentous day? As I slip away into the distance I pray I will never see their likes again. 
Yes, it was all built on fool’s gold and slavery. I remember watching a programme once about ancient Greece. The historian was always banging on about Athens being the cradle of democracy. Maybe it was, but their system was also built on slavery with very little chance of earning your freedom… in other words, if you were born a slave you died a slave. I preferred ancient Rome. True, it had its fair share of slavery but unlike Athens, there were opportunities to earn your freedom and gain Roman citizenship. The most obvious example that came to mind was if you enlisted in the Roman army and served twenty-five years, you earned your citizenship and a plot of land or money to buy a small business. I think at one time half the population of Rome was descended from slaves, which speaks for itself and explains why the empire prospered and endured so long, laying the foundations of western law. From one of those golden towers two little boys observed the train through a telescope. As their Mother Ouna approached, one of the boys said. “Look Mother its Fathers train on its way to the Citadel.” Ouna smiled as she put her arms around her boys. 
Our journey continued through beautiful, peaceful countryside for about twenty minutes and then I could hear a roaring sound to our left. It was then I realised that we were passing a military firing range. The equipment in use reminded me of an updated version of the Russian world war two Katyusha multi rocket launcher system. It even sounded like the Russian weapon. No wonder the Germans were so frightened of them… I think they nick-named it the Stalin organ. It entered service in 1939, now it certainly wasn’t the most accurate piece of artillery in the world. But it could deliver a high tonnage of explosives over a wide area. And like all Russian home grown equipment, it was easy to mass produce and its simple workman like design made it easy to operate by Stalin’s peasant soldiers.
 Oh the screeching noise as the rockets left the launchers – I wouldn’t like to be a Solaran or a Hellertron soldier on the receiving end of that! But eventually peace and quiet was restored as we slipped past the firing range and were back on our journey through the countryside once again. Of course, during that time I thought about Freema and how much I longed to be with her. On the down side, it also crossed my mind that by now, the Kayton battle squadron must be less than twenty-four hours away from reaching Earth. 
After about fifteen minutes I could see a range of mountains. We then entered a tunnel that cut through one of the mountains, emerging on the other side after about a minute. Oh and what a sight confronted me! I could see the dome which was the Citadel in the distance. Look at the size of it, I thought to myself. It was completely ringed by the mountains which I could see were bristling with missile and gun batteries, all of which were just a small part of a totally integrated global defence system, all geared to protecting the most important piece of real estate in the Kayton empire. In fact, it was designed to repel a simultaneous attack by the strategic missile forces, and battle fleets from the Solaran and Hellertron armed forces combined. On top of the dome was the control beacon which itself was a very tall structure. It reminded me of that building in Dubai, the one with the arched whalebone shaped ribs. But unlike the one in Dubai which housed apartments within its structure, this one was housing what I could best describe as a spoon-like spinning mechanism which of course was transmitting the signal to maintain control of the Drones throughout the Kayton Empire. I also noticed the four smaller beacons at ground level that were meant to kick in during maintenance or if there was a fault in the main beacon. 
As we approached the Citadel proper I observed the Drone guards being put through their paces by the Kayton officers. Oh, there were hundreds of them on the parade ground. “Left, right, left, right,” the Kayton officer barked, as they obeyed his orders to the letter. I think I mentioned before that my father was a boy during the nearly five-year German occupation of Holland during the war. He told me he used to watch the German soldiers being put through their paces in his home town of Apeldoorn. I think in German it was, ‘Links, Boven, Links, Boven, not ‘left, right, left, right.’ 
He thought the German soldiers were a very arrogant lot. I tend to agree with him, since I read a book about the battle of Stalingrad. The accounts of the surviving Russian soldiers were fascinating. They said the German soldiers used to shout at them.
“Russ, Russ, tomorrow, bang, bang!” This gave the Russians the opportunity to prepare for the German onslaught. In close quarter fighting the German forces were never as good as the Russians. This strategy denied the Germans the close air support that they relied on. By holding on, there was time for the Russians to organize a counter offensive. 
It was Stalin who told Zhukov the deputy supreme Commander and Vasilevskiy, who was the chief of the General staff to go down to the Stalingrad area. In particular the river Don bridgeheads they still held, and come up with a plan that would surround and destroy the German sixth army that was besieging Stalingrad. What they came up with, operation Uranus would turn out to be one of the greatest achievements in the Red Army’s history, German strength in the East never fully recovered after Stalingrad. True General Chuikov the 62nd commander at Stalingrad requirements were heavy, he received the equivalent of ten divisions. But nearly three times that many, twenty seven divisions went into assembly areas to the west and south of Stalingrad. As well as two thirds of that autumns tank production, mostly K.V heavy and the excellent T.34 which at the time was the best medium tank available to any army in the world. With its wide tracks, well sloping frontal armor and excellent 76.2-millimeter main gun. It had the perfect combination of fire power mobility and armour protection. Yes, the message was clear for all to see, the terrible days of shortage were over, the Red Army was now getting what it wanted. Walter Warlimont who worked on the operations staff at O.K.W said I am convinced when Hitler was confronted with the true situation at the end of the second offensive against Russia, he realized he would never reach his goals in the East and that the war would eventually be lost. So why oh why did he not try for a separate peace. True peace with the Britain and America was impossible as they were insisting on unconditional surrender. But it may have been possible to make a separate peace with Russia. Indeed, there is evidence that following the defeat at Stalingrad the German foreign ministry with their Russian counter parts held talks in neutral Sweden. Let’s face it if you were Stalin would you think Britain and America would let Russia control Eastern Europe and the Balkans It was, apparently, Hitler who broke off the negotiations in early September 1943. Subsequent events seem to support this hypophysis, as from 19th to the 30th of October 1943 a very important foreign ministers conference took place in Moscow, Between Russia Britain and the United States. Stalin agreed to the unconditional surrender of Germany, and much to the western allies, surprise. He was prepared to discuss the joint occupation of Germany. The foundations of the United Nations were also laid at the Moscow conference.   
Earlier that year the Americans commissioned a panel of experts to look into Hitler’s mind, to find out what made him tick. They interviewed people who had known him before the war and who were now living in the U.S Canada and Britain. They concluded that as the war turned against him he would increasingly withdraw into himself, and begin to avoid public appearances. However, they also believed that he would never negotiate either peace or a surrender. Finally, they stated that he would never be captured alive, that he would rather kill himself than face that outcome. 
They did, it seem, get it right.
My father never liked the Germans for the rest of his life but even he commented on the discipline and training of the German army. He thought they were the best in the world, apart from the Dutch Marines, of course. The Canadians liberated Holland, my father also met the British and American troops. The only ones he didn’t meet were the Russians so he had a lot of information to base his assessment on. In September 1944 he even observed troops of the Waffen-SS. He was only fourteen years old but he knew what British intelligence had failed to detect in the run up to the battle of Arnhem. It must have been elements of the second SS Panzer Corps. It was made up of the 9th and 10th SS Panzer Divisions Hohenstaufen and Frundsberg, commanded by General Bittrich, a former army officer who had transferred to the Waffen-SS. It had been formed in December 1942 and spent the whole of 1943 working itself up into a crack unit in occupied France near Alencon. 
The corps had first gone into action in April of 1944 on the Russian front. Army Group south still commanded by Field Marshall Von Manstien was in dire straits, the Russians had his forces pinned against the Carpathian Mountains. Things were made all the worse by Hitler silly stand at fight orders which had resulted in the 1st Panzer Army being surrounded in what came to be known as the Kamenetz Poldesk pocket. It was a far too important part of Hitler dwindling Panzer strength to be allowed to fall into Russian hands. So accordingly, the Panzer Corps with infantry support coming from the 76th infantry and 100th Jaeger Division. Which had just returned to the Eastern Front after participating in the successful invasion of Hungary. Launched a relief attempt which became known as the battle of Ternopol. In a brilliant display of mobile tactics, it extracted the first Panzer army quite briskly and was then put into strategical reserve in Poland until the allied landings in France. Although by now Manstien was getting on Hitter’s nerves with the constant arguments and bickering. He dismissed him on the 30th of March 1944, he then split army Group South in two separate groups. Army Group North Ukraine and Army Group South Ukraine. Commanded by Field Marshall Walter Model and General Schorner respectively. After desperate pleas from Rommel for reinforcements the S.S Panzer Corps was transferred to the west where it took part in the bitter fighting in Normandy. It had then been sent to Holland for a complete rest and refit and was responsible for the allied airborne troops’ defeat at Arnhem. My father said you could tell the Waffen-SS troops straight away because they wore different uniforms from the regular German army. He called them fanatics. He remembered the British paratroopers being marched through his home town of Apeldoorn by the Germans. He said they were like ghosts or walking corpses, people gave them water and whatever else they could spare. Which they were not supposed to, but the Germans were in a good mood after inflicting a major defeat on the allies, so they turned a blind eye to the charity that was being given by the Dutch people. Mention must also be made of the actual commander of the 1st Panzer Army, General Hube. This brave soldier who had lost an arm in the first World War, had to lead his men through 120 miles of occupied territory. Including four swollen rivers which were in flood because of the spring thaw which had recently set in. Also he had to avoid the attention of the Russian forces, which he did by avoiding the cities. He knew the Russian forces tended to concentrate in the centers of population. Sadly he was killed in a plane crash while on his way to the Berghoff, to be decorated and promoted by Hitler himself. This much respected soldier was Sorley mist by his colleagues and subordinates alike.    
 Also I think it is worth mentioning the German Commander of Army Group B, Field Marshall Walter Model, also happened to have his headquarters in the area of Arnhem located at the Hartstein hotel. He was one of Hitler’s fighting generals, the sort of middle class officer Hitler preferred to deal with rather than the upper class aristocratic officers who he thought looked down on him. He ruthlessly drove his men, being able to scrape up reserves from nowhere. Even Hitler said of him. “I trust him but I wouldn’t like to serve under him.” He had taken command after the collapse in Normandy, he had only recently managed to stabilize the Eastern front north of the Carpathian Mountains, after the collapse of army group center. His goal was to get his forces into the Siegfried line defenses, and he did so almost without reference to Hitler silly stand and fight orders. That he got away with it was due to his absolute loyalty to Hitler. He was the first General on the Eastern front to reaffirm his loyalty to Hitler after the unsuccessful plot to kill him on the 20th July. Only Field Marshall Albert Kesselring who commanded Army Group C in Italy was regarded as highly as Model. I know for a fact he ordered the evacuation of Sicily without Hitler permission. Witnesses at the Wolfs Lair Hitler headquarters buried deep in the ever green forest in East Prussia said Hitler went stark raving mad when he found out, but he did have good friends at headquarters. Most notably Colonel Alfred Jodl who was the chief of operations at O.K.W. In his own words he said he calmed Hitler down. And very slowly guided him towards the ultimate conclusion of the situation which meant acceptance of what Kesselring had done. So he was not disciplined and retained his command in Italy. Another famous case of someone who defied Hitler and got away with it was in February 1943. True after the disaster at Stalingrad Hitler had grudgingly agreed to a withdrawal from the Eastern Donbass but not at the city of Kharkov. Which was the second biggest city in German hands after Kiev. It came under his personal command and was to be held at all costs, under the pain of death for anyone who disobeyed. Defending Kharkov was the 1st S.S Panzer Corps consisting of the 1st S.S Panzer Division, Liebenstarte and the 2nd S.S Panzer Division, Das Reich. The Russians were converging on Kharkov from three separate directions and looting and mob fighting had already broken out in the streets. Paul Hauser the commander did what Paulus should have done at Stalingrad and ordered a withdrawal through the last available route out, fully expecting to be court marshalled and shot for his actions. Hitler went up the wall when he found out, but Hauser was not disciplined. He must have had good friends at headquarters and they must have put their own heads on the chopping block to save him. The corps was then withdrawn to Poltava where it was lavishly reequipped including companies of the brand new Tiger Tanks. Armed as it was with a high velocity 88mm gun that was capable of out shooting any allied armor in the world. It was also reinforced with the 3rd S.S Panzer Division Totenkof which had been transferred from Western Europe. It then took part in Field Marshall Von Manstien counter offensive which he timed to perfection. He knew the Russians were overstretched and had outrun their supply lines. For example the nearest rail head to Kharkov was 60 miles to the rear. Kharkov was recaptured on the 15th of March, followed by Belgorod three days later. After that the spring thaw began to set in putting an end to mobile operations for the next six weeks. The Corps had inflicted casualties of twenty thousand dead on the Russians, although they had suffered twelve thousand dead itself, testament to the ferocity of the fighting. Nevertheless it had emerged as a task force of lethal capacity and was typecast for future operations. Hitler also agreed to the evacuation of Army Group A from the Caucuses, but only after a bitter argument with his chief of the General Staff Colonel General Kurt Zietsler. Which lasted for most of the night of the 28th of December 1942, finally he got him to sign the evacuation order, just in time as it turned out. Any stragglers managed to make their way to the Kuban peninsular where they managed to hold a bridgehead. Thanks to the supplies they received from the Crimea delivered to them by the German Kriegsmarine (Navy) across the Kerch Strait.                  
It was also Model along with General Hasso von Manteuffel, the Fifth Panzer commander, who proposed to Hitler an alternative to the silly Ardennes offensive which could never have succeeded. Their plan was to attack the Americans on either side of Aachen, in a pincer operation. In post war analysis most of the experts agreed the operation was within the capability of the forces available. 
Had it been successful, it would have cut off a quarter of the American troops on the Western front. It might not have been a war winner, but it would have bought Hitler another six months. In fact, in the end he would not even consider it. His argument was that the offensive would not materially affect the outcome of the war. 
But he did promise Model, ten Panzer divisions, twenty Infantry divisions and three thousand aircraft, for the Ardennes operation. But it was pie in the sky, by now Hitler was completely out of touch with reality. 
In the end, no more than a thousand aircraft were amassed for the offensive. And thanks to the incessant allied bombing of the synthetic oil plants which produced the ersatz fuel. In a process called Hydrogenation, that involved extracting oil from coal. The Germans were too pinched for fuel to put even that many aircraft in the air.
Although Hitler did manage to replace his mobile reserve, amounting to 1,200 tanks and assault guns for the forth coming offensive. Almost as many as was on the whole Eastern Front. But the infantry component was weak, amounting to only 14 somewhat under strength infantry divisions. There was no way the flank guard could have held out against Patton’s Third Army. Worse still, in order to create the mobile reserve, Hitler had stripped his Eastern defenses When the Russians attacked on the 12th of January 1945 the German front collapsed, as it was no more than a chain of strong points. With no defense in depth or reserves to counter the massive Russian offensive. Within three weeks, the Russians advanced to within forty miles of Berlin. North and south of Warsaw the Russians had three bridgeheads across the river Vistula at Barnlow Pulway and Margevitz. If that had of been me I would have used the mobile reserve to eliminate those bridgeheads. Then build up some defense in depth so as to at least slow down the Russian advance 
At least that way, Hitler would have done the German people one good turn 
 He had hoped that history would repeat itself, and like had happened to his hero, Frederick the Great of Prussia, during the Seven years’ War. That the alliance against him would crumble. In effect he was praying for the second miracle of Brandenburg to come to pass. Although Frederick had defeated armies more than twice his size at Rossoch and Lossbach, by 1761 things looked Grimm for him. Then unexpectedly the Russian Czar died and was succeeded by the pro German Katherine the Great. Who made a separate peace with Prussia, Austria and France then followed suit. True Stalin was planning to do things which could have led to conflict with the western allies, but only after Germany had been liquidated.  
Hitler even had a portrait of the Prussian in his bedroom in the bunker in Berlin. Along with a photo of his Mother. And so he ended his days in Berlin, although he nearly ended up elsewhere. I saw one of Hitlers sectaries interviewed back in the early seventies, I think it was Frau Junge. She said on the 21st of April Martin Borman burst into the office and said. “Start packing up you’ve got one hour, we are flying to the Berghoff.” Then wright at the lastminute Hitler changed his mind, it is believed the poison Dwarf Joseph Goebbels got to work on him by saying. “You should be here in Berlin as head of state, not hiding away in your Holliday Home.” Mind you Hitler must have realized it would have become difficult if not impossible to run the war from Berlin as the Russians closed in. Because of its extensive communications network the Berghoff was the only place left in Germany capable of acting as the seat of government. It was protected by heavy anti-aircraft batteries and smoke generators that could obscure the target if the allied Bombers turned up. 
   Thus, Holland had to endure another very harsh winter under the Germans, they stripped the country bare. Things made all the more difficult because of the food and fuel shortages. His family didn’t go hungry though, because his father knew quite a few of the farmers in the local area and did their accounts and other paperwork for them in return for food. But fuel was a problem. Once, my father, with his grandfather, was gathering wood when a German soldier caught them both. My father ran off and the soldier told his grandfather to stay where he was while he chased after my father but as soon as the German soldier was out of sight, he ran off home. As for my father, he outran the soldier but only just. As the Duke of Wellington said after the battle of Waterloo, it was a damned close run thing. 
Another time, my father and his best friend Tao saw an allied plane come down. They both reached the aircraft before the Germans and took out the machine gun and ran off with it. They noticed the pilot was dead, still strapped into the cockpit. That was the first time my father had seen a dead person. He would never forget it. But neither he or Tao had time to dwell on the poor soul who had gone to heaven, they had a job to do.
 After making their escape they wrapped the machine gun up in newspaper and cloth and buried it as deep as they possibly could. They didn’t bury it six foot under, but it wasn’t far off that depth.  They were so frightened of what they had done, they never subsequently recovered it; so as far as anyone knows, it is still there. 
By the end of the war most of the population were starving. At last, in April 1945, the Canadian First Army liberated Holland, and my father’s home town of Apeldoorn was freed on the 16th of April. The same day the Russians crossed the River Oder and launched their final offensive on Berlin. Still, things were so bad that on the 26th of April the RAF launched Operation Manna and dropped food parcels too the Dutch population by parachute.
Once things began to settle down, every Dutch house took a Canadian officer in. My father said that the guy who stayed with them was a big bloke. He showed me once the wash basin where he had dropped his water carrier, leaving a fine crack which remains to this day.
Before the war my father saw the old German Kaiser Wilhelm ІІ who had been exiled to Holland at the end of the First World War. There are not many people left alive now who can say. My Dad saw the Kaiser. 
He was lucky; that he found a country that would take him in, the Russian Royal family were not so lucky. Put under house arrest in the Royal Palace with his wife and five children in St Petersburg after the revolution that overthrew him in March 1917. The new Prime Minister, Kerensky, feared for their safety. So on August 1st 1917 he had them moved to Tobolsk in Siberia, which in effect was cut off from the outside world, during the winter. When the communists took over in November of that year things got a lost worse for the family. Although at one stage Lenin did seriously consider using them as a bargaining chip in negotiations, but that came to nothing. In late April of 1918 the whole family was moved further west to Ekaterinburg which had always been a staunch anti-Czarist area. They were kept in what was called “The house of special purpose”
 Then, on July 17th the family was woken in the night and told they were being moved. They were given one hour to pack their suitcases, and were led down to a cellar where they thought they were awaiting transport. A few minutes later a group of armed men came in and opened fire on them, killing Czar Nicholas his wife Alexandria their son Alexi and his four daughters the grand duchesses, Olga Titania Marie and Anastasia. Even the four servants who had remained with them during their captivity were executed. One of whom was a Doctor who cared for Alexi who had Hemophilia. Apparently, a British M.6 agent did case the facility, its purpose was unclear. But his report survives to this day, it said the house was very well defended. And it would take a full scale military assault to capture it.   
 I saw a documentary about the Kaiser’s life once. He was not in the least sorry for what he had done. He should have been extradited at the end of the war to be tried for war crimes. I know England did make discreet enquiries but the Dutch government turned down the request. As far as they were concerned he had asked for and been given political asylum, and they were not prepared to give him up. After all he was Queen Victoria’s eldest grandchild, his Mother Vicky was Queen Victoria’s eldest daughter. She in turn was married to the future German Kaiser Frederick, who died of throat cancer after only reigning for three months in 1888. Wilhelm himself died in Holland on 16th June 1941, six days before the German invasion of Russia. The Germans got off far too lightly at the end of World War One. They should have been made to surrender unconditionally. The whole country should then have come under total military occupation as was done at the end of World War Two, so as to stamp out German militarism once and for all. I don’t know about our General Haig, but I am sure that is what Marshall Foch and General Pershing wanted to do. It was the politicians who told them to accept more lenient terms. 
My father also told me that before the war he used to watch the Dutch royal family who had a royal palace near my father’s home town, hunting wild boar in the forest. They were vicious little creatures, especially when protecting their young. I think the royal palace is now open to the public as a stately home. In fact, one of Queen Willimina ladies in waiting lived only a few doors down from my Fathers parents’ home. When I was a child my father showed me the house where the former Kaiser lived. 
As the train came to a halt at the station serving the Citadel. 

Twenty

On Sontral it was just another morning in the S.I.S. Command and Control Centre buried deep underground in the government district. Agents were logging on and off as normal; it was just another nondescript day on the face of it. The room itself consisted of rows and rows of individual work stations each manned by a communications operative. On the front wall were a number of large screens that could display information or maps as and when required. Attached to the other three walls were observation balconies and there was also a large, open reception area as you entered the complex. Suddenly the security doors opened and in came Commander Vadoran.
“Oh, it’s the boss,” the supervisor said. 
“Look who else is here,” replied the deputy supervisor. 
One by one, anybody who was anybody filed in, starting with the Prime Minister, closely followed by all the members of the cabinet, the military chiefs and the leader of the opposition in parliament. Even the Hellertron Ambassador, who looked very angry at being ordered out of bed at such short notice to attend this gathering, was there, still in his pyjamas and slippers. And of course, intermingled with all these V.I.Ps were the people who had done so much and worked so tirelessly to make this moment possible: Freema, of course, along with professor Zinnerman, Chris and Alana. 
As the last of the stragglers filed in, Commander Vadoran said to the head of the security detail, “As from this moment on I want a total lockdown of this complex. Nobody is to be allowed in or out unless they have my personal permission.” 
“Understood, sir.” the officer replied. 
The control room was then locked and sealed tight until further notice and then, turning towards the supervisor and her deputy, the Commander ordered, “Sign off with all our agents and clear the decks.” 
“Yes, sir,” the supervisor replied, as they both scurried around every work station individually, instructing all the controllers to sign off. 
The Foreign Secretary then said to the Chancellor, “I wonder what’s so important to bring us all down here at such an early hour?” 
Horace, who heard him, replied, “Something wonderful is going to happen… it’s the Kultarn miracle.” 
“Oh Horace,” the Foreign Secretary said, “you really must stop deluding yourself; you’re going to make yourself poorly. I admit it is a special operation that is being mounted, probably the first one involving Guardian John with Kronos. I’m afraid at best the only miracle we can all hope for is that we don’t all end up working in the Kayton war factories and the way things are going at the moment, that is looking more and more likely.” 
“If we do,” the Chancellor said, “I want the bottom bunk.” 
“I thought you would,” the Foreign Secretary replied. “Your request is duly noted.” 
Horace then looked them both in the eyes in turn. “You have got to have hope; you are both still at least able to hope, aren’t you?” 
No response came from either the Foreign Secretary or the Chancellor, apart from them both shaking their heads in disbelief. 
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister had made his way up to the main balcony overlooking the reception area.
“Please could I have everyone’s attention?” he asked. 
A loud voice then bellowed from down below. “Do you know I am the Hellertron Empire’s Ambassador to the Solaran Commonwealth and as such I do not expect to be ordered out of bed and summoned here at a moment’s notice? I was not even allowed to get dressed or bring my close protection body guards with me!” 
“I apologise to you unreservedly, your Excellency,” the Prime Minister said, “but when I have finished explaining myself, you will understand why I had to go to such extraordinary lengths.” 
“You had better have a very good reason!” the Ambassador snapped back. 
The Prime Minister continued. “In fact I do believe today will turn out to be a truly historic day, because last night, thanks to this brilliant young man, Chris, and his assistant Alana,” he gestured towards them, “Kronos and John successfully broke the Transdamping barrier and Transported themselves to Tyros—” gasps of disbelief emanated from the assembled crowd below and after a short pause, he continued, “where they rendezvoused with Adema, our deep cover agent. It took a long time to get an operative on Tyros and countless brave men died in the attempt, as indeed many brave men and women have died in this terrible war. But during the time Adema has been on Tyros, he has had access to all the Kaytons’ vital installations in the Citadel itself, including one that we are particularly interested in. He has drawn up a workable plan. Also, he has managed to amass enough explosives and weapons and if all goes as expected, in less than half an hour the three of them will launch an attack on the Drone Command Bunker. Their aim is to knock out the power to the control beacon, killing the signal at source, which will in turn precipitate a rebellion in what is, after all, seventy percent of the Kayton armed forces. After which, in conjunction with our Hellertron allies, we will hopefully hit the Kaytons with all our available armed forces so as to take full advantage of the situation in what I have designated Operation Marita. As you are all aware, Marita is the Kultarn word for punishment and that is exactly what we are going to mete out to the Kaytons once we have received confirmation of the mission’s success. And yes, we can end the war in a day; that is the glittering prize that awaits the successful outcome of the mission. I am sure that all our hopes and prayers will be with the three of them for the successful outcome of the mission and their safe return to Sontral.” 
Now to describe the reaction to the Prime Minister’s statement as astonishment from the assembled crowd in the reception area would be an understatement. It took a while for the full impact to sink in. The reaction was universal: 
“I am the Minister for War Production; I had no idea what was going on.” 
“I’m the Chief of General Staff; nobody told me a thing. I was left completely in the dark.” 
The leader of the opposition slowly and apprehensively made his way over to the Prime Minister. With his head down and tail between his legs he looked like the dead-end politician of Sontral. 
“I’m sorry Mister Prime Minister,” he said, “for giving you such a hard time in Parliament. I hope you will accept my unreserved apology.” 
“No need to apologise,” the Prime Minister replied. “I would have followed exactly the same course of action if I had been in your shoes. Although, when victory is won and peace restored, I would appreciate cross party cooperation on the massive reconstruction and recovery programme that will be required to rebuild a shattered, war-torn galaxy. Bringing the war to an end is not enough; we must win the peace as well by laying the foundations for a peaceful and prosperous future for all.” 
“I can assure you, Mister Prime Minister, you will have my full cooperation in the mammoth task that will face the commonwealth once the war is over,” the opposition leader replied. 
With that exchange they parted company. The Hellertron Ambassador then approached Commander Vadoran. 
“Yes, Mister Ambassador,” the Commander said, “what can I do for you?” 
With a smile, the Ambassador replied, “This has your fingerprints all over it. All the hallmarks. I bet you conceived and planned this operation from its very beginning.” 
“Very perceptive of you, Mister Ambassador.” 
“We have had the speeches,” the Ambassador replied, “but now I want some straight, honest answers from you. This is a very risky operation to mount, even for very experienced operatives. John is no soldier, so realistically, in your professional opinion, what do you think their chances of success are?” 
Freema was close enough to hear everything that was being said. 
“I would give them a fifty-fifty chance of pulling it off and getting back to Sontral safely,” The Commander replied. 
After pausing for a moment the Ambassador replied, “I would take those odds every time. The potential reward is worth the risk. Thank you for being so candid with me, Commander.” 
“Glad to have been of service to you Mister Ambassador, but you must excuse me now. I still have a great deal of work to be getting on with.” 
As they parted company, the Commander made his way over to the floor supervisor and her assistant. Addressing them both, he said. “Who is our nearest active operative to Tyros?” 
“We have an operative on Raygel in the Lenmar system,” the supervisor replied. “It is used as a military staging post to the various battle fronts. He is one of our best agents, and has built up a planet-wide network of operatives as well as a resistance movement. We have had some good and reliable information from him on Kayton troop movements.” 
“If the mission is a success,” the Commander said, “then logically, Raygel would be the first place to notify us of the rebellion taking place. When it does, put the transmission on speaker and then as soon as confirmation comes, contact all our agents and resistance movements in the outer systems as quickly as possible. I calculate it will take four to five minutes for the Drone signal failure to reach that far. At least it will give our operatives a little time to prepare for what’s coming.” 
“Yes, sir,” the supervisor replied. 
On the upper balcony level, the Chief of General Staff, General Siliax, approached the Prime Minister. He had just arrived back on Sontral after touring the various battle fronts to assess the worsening situation. He directed the military campaign against the Kaytons, obviously under political control, but essentially, he ran the day-to-day operations. He was known affectionately to his men as the Axe. That was due to the way he cut through the Kayton troops He had started out as a private soldier and then worked his way through the ranks after attending the officer training academy. His rise was meteoric. He was a soldier’s soldier who knew how the ordinary man felt and they in turn respected him. He was the third most powerful man in the Solaran Commonwealth after the Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran. He had developed D.A.R.A.D.S that is Depth and Resources Active Défense System, which was basically defence in depth. That is, multiple lines of defence which the troops could fall back on one by one as the situation dictated. Having depth and resources was the key to the strategy; the depth to soak up an enemy attack and take the sting out of it and then the resources to subsequently push the enemy back to their start lines.
Not all the battle fronts, like Ganeymon, for example, had the full network but the majority had at least a partial system in place. The strategy of course relied heavily on stockpiling huge amounts of ammunition behind the various front lines. But as the General was all too aware, in a matter of months the resources would start to run out, so nullifying his strategy. Since the Hellertron collapse he had issued a special order of the day, Not One Step Back. As the French said at Verdun, they shall not pass. The fronts were to be held at all costs as there were no reserves left with which to plug the gaps. Indeed, it would now take a miracle to save the day. One Kayton army group after another was attacking, pinning the Solarans down and restricting their freedom of movement. In battle fleet actions a completely different strategy was employed, because of the vast distances involved. They allowed the Kaytons to outrun their supply lines, and then confront them from prepared defensive positions. 
As he approached the Prime Minister, he did have one very big worry on his mind if the mission was a success, but for now he kept his concerns to himself. 
“General Siliax,” the Prime Minister said, “I must apologize for not keeping you properly informed but we had to restrict people in the know to as few as possible for obvious security reasons. I hope you understand.” 
“Fully, Mister Prime Minister,” the General replied. “And there is one consolation to our precarious position… we don’t have to worry about moving reserves up to the front line to launch operation Marita. There are none. Everything is already committed so when the order is given for our forces to attack we will be able to move at a moment’s notice.” 
“Good,” said the Prime Minister. “Now I will leave you to your preparations.” 
Now the scene on the lower ground level had to be seen to be believed as Statler and Waldorf, or as I should correctly call them, the Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor, were making a fuss over Horace. 
“Here you are, Horace,” the Foreign Secretary said, “I have got you a chair to sit down on so you can rest your legs and the Chancellor has got you a blanket. Would you like tea and biscuits?” 
“Oh, yes please,” Horace replied. “Milk and two sugars.” 
“I will get the tea,” the Foreign Secretary said. “Mister Chancellor, you go and get Horace his favourite biscuits.” 
“Yes, Mister Foreign Secretary.”
They both sped off to complete their various tasks, returning in double quick time to tuck Horace up in his blanket and make sure he was comfortable.
Both had their heads bowed in shame, the Chancellor nodding in agreement as the Foreign Secretary said, “Horace we are both very sorry for the unforgivable things we said to you and the way we have both treated you. Can you find it in your heart to forgive us both?” 
“Of course I can,” Horace replied. “It’s already been forgotten; we all say things in the heat of the moment that we don’t mean.” 
“You were right, though,” the Foreign Secretary admitted. “You were right all along about the Kultarn miracle coming to pass.” 
Horace smiled. “Well, I did have a little whisper in my ear.

Twenty-one

On Tyros, there was a bit of an anti-climax for me after our train had come to a halt on the main platform. Only the first five carriage doors opened for their occupants to detrain and pass the security gate. After a few minutes the process was repeated. I was thinking to myself, I wish they would get a move on; let’s get it over with. Then at last, third time lucky, our carriage door opened as all three of us stepped out and made our way along the platform to negotiate the check point to enter the Citadel proper. The tension was palpable as we stood in line. Then at last it was our turn… and would you believe it, the guard manning the check point knew Adema. 
“Good morning, Adema. Working the weekend to get some overtime in? The tax man will like you.” He checked Adema’s security pass on his computer verification system. 
Adema then replied, “The upkeep of my villa in the country is expensive. I need all the extra hours I can get. I’m afraid there is no peace for the wicked. I picked up my security detail on departure.” 
“I wish everyone was as efficient as you, Adema.” 
After our pass cleared, the guard handed it back to Adema and waved us through. I noticed a number of menacing guards with their no less intimidating sniffer dogs. They worked their way through the waiting contract workers with laser like efficiency. Other guards held sensors which looked like the motion trackers from the second Alien film of 1986. They were scanning the work trollies as they passed the intermediate check points. All of this intense activity gave me the jitters. But I need not have worried as we passed through each obstacle unchallenged. Obviously, as with every other problem placed in our way, Adema must have concocted a means to throw the dogs off the scent. Maybe using a stronger smell to put them off the presence of the explosives.
Then secondly, he must have used a screen blocker to nullify the penetrating effect of the S.N Two hand held X-ray transmitters.
 We then entered the Citadel proper. Oh, and what a sight it was that befell me. The first thing that struck me was the ceiling. Even though it was an enclosed dome with an artificial sky effect, you couldn’t tell that it was not real. The nearest thing I had seen that even came close to it was the artificial sky in the Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland in Anaheim, California. But that was a night time sky, not a daytime effect, which must have been much harder to create. 
After we had walked a few yards we stepped onto one of those moving walkways like you find at airports, but these were much wider and many times longer, linking different parts of the Citadel together. 
A little further on two Kayton officers joined us on the main walkway. I could hear them quite clearly.
“I was throwing scraps of food into a Hellertron prisoner of war cage. They were fighting like demented dogs for the pieces. One man was chewing his shoe leather as though his life depended on it. One night we paid a Corrilion mercenary to guard and keep watch. In the morning, he’d gone.”
“Deserted?” said the other.
“No, eaten by the prisoners,” laughed the first. “Just a pile of bones left, he must have fallen asleep with his back to the cage. I am absolutely convinced if we had left them to their own devices for much longer they would have started to eat each other. Good job the next day we shipped them off to a prisoner of war camp.”
How could a well-educated, cultured people like them, lapse into such barbarism.
Oh dear God almighty
When will this horror end?
Cruelty inflicted.
Yet diversity is the spice of life
It’s what makes us unique
I could have swung for them, given them both a smack in the teeth. But of course I couldn’t. I had to keep focused on the big picture. Judgement for those two would come soon enough. I had to keep probing ahead bypassing pockets of resistance not getting bogged down in trench or positional warfare. 
As we passed each different building I wondered what important facility it housed. I couldn’t turn my head from side to side; I just kept looking straight ahead, fixated on the job in hand. And then, would you believe it, like a recurring nightmare, who should be coming the opposite way along the adjacent walkway… yes, it was Drakos, accompanied by two of his Lieutenants.
All three of them were laughing and joking as they passed us, seemingly with not a care in the world. I could not begin to imagine what was going through Kronos’s mind. Anyway, with a bit of luck, he and his kind would soon be six foot under. Straight downstairs for him and his kind, of that I had no doubt, to join the new crop of stokers for Old Nick and I hoped he would work them twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week for eternity. 
I’m sure he will get a nice warm welcome from the Devil.
“Drakos, Drakos, full of hate
Far from home – with no mates
He sold his soul for pieces of eight
But soon he’ll be
In a place from which there will be no escape.”
At last, after what seemed to be an age, we stepped off the walkway and headed towards the Drone Command Bunker proper. Now to say fear was starting to grip me would be an understatement. You just have to try to think about other things and not let it get the better of you. Don’t fall into the trap of getting caught up in the moment. Take a step back. Concentrate on the big picture. There were dozens, maybe hundreds of Drones milling around or going about their business like worker ants.
 As the three of us moved ever closer, it reminded of the end scene in the 1969 feature film, The Wild Bunch, with the four main characters played by William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Warren Oates, and Ben Johnson. The four of them had just left… shall we call it a house of ill repute, and were making their way to get their comrade, Angel, back from the tin pot General and his drunken men. On arrival at the scene the General killed Angel but William Holden’s gang killed the General and then there was an almighty battle. Obviously the four of them tried to gain control of the machine gun, but did you notice another subtle tactic they employed? They eliminated all the officers first so as to knock out the men’s command and control system, leaving them leaderless. If all four could have got to the machine gun they might have done even better, say one man on the gun with two men covering both entrances, with one man as a floater to cover the roof and help out the other two as and when needed. As it was, only two managed to make it to the machine gun. Then, after those two were lost, the other two took over for a while until they in turn were killed. Mind you, they made the tin pot army pay a very heavy price for its victory. It was certainly one of the best Western films I have ever seen. I take my hat off to those stubborn Mexican soldiers. The way they kept attacking in the face of that murderous machine gun fire. They reminded me of Stalin’s peasant soldiers during the war. German soldiers who survived the war commented on the way, wave after wave of Russian infantry kept coming at them. Sometimes, the Russian bodies were piled so high that they obscured the view of the next wave. But in the end, as the Germans discovered, sheer numbers did begin to turn the tide of the war. Especially with much of America industrial might now supplying the Russian army. 
Anyway, the Drone command structure itself reminded me of an Egyptian pyramid but with the top portion missing. The irony was not lost on me – this place could end up being my tomb. I thought to myself, we were already deep within the nest of vipers and now we were about to enter the pit of hell. We entered the bunker complex proper, unchallenged by the two Drone guards who stood on either side of the entrance door. Down, down, ever deeper we descended, into the pit of Hell with seemingly no end, to take on evil in a battle that would decide all, and if we prevailed, as I so hoped, peace would be restored, throughout the Galaxy. 
Then after a short time there was a welcome voice. It was the first time Kronos had spoken since we left Adema’s residence. 
“John, this is it. Get through here and we’re in.”
I just nodded and kept my Stoney silence, as if my very existence depended on it. 
After a short while we entered the reception area proper. To the right was the reception desk, manned by one guy with the same verification pass equipment that the first check point had employed. Two Drone guards flanked him. To our left there were two more Drone guards, one either side of the inner security door which was, of course, still firmly locked. Behind the main reception desk, four Kayton officers were seated at a table and, would you believe it, they were all playing cards. One of them was even complaining about his hangover from the night before. Behind them, further back to the left, was the entrance to a guard house which presumably housed an indeterminate number of Drone guards. As we came to a halt at the reception desk I was standing to the left of Adema and Kronos was on his right. 
As the critical phase of the operation was now almost upon us I began to recite my little rhyme. This would drill into me the order of the tasks I had to complete.
Kill the guards
Place the charges
Watch them go boom
Then damage the room
And hope it all goes tickety boo.
I got the idea from the 1967 film the Dirty Dozen. Now, to say some of them weren’t very bright would be an understatement. They were making a parachute drop on the night before D-Day. The aim was to kill as many German officers as possible by attacking the chateau at Rennes in Brittany where the Germans were on rest and recreation. Although I think it was a bit farfetched, I’m sure missions like that did take place, but not with convicts. What was to stop them getting themselves taken prisoner, sit out the war. And when liberation came say to the authorities. You promised us amnesty, we tried our best. Just before they departed for the mission Lee Marvin the commander had made a model of the chateau. Then in a rhyme he made all his men say what their allotted tasks were.  
It is one of the best war films I have ever seen, even without the great idea of putting the task to rhyme. 
“Good morning,” Adema said. “I’m on a maintenance detail, checking the connections to the power couplings in the main control centre.” 
“Good morning,” the receptionist replied. “I will just check your pass and then book you in.” 
At that very moment, the Kayton officer who had his back to us, stood up and made his way over to the reception desk. He was not suffering from the effects of alcohol from the night before, in fact he looked as sharp as a razor. Oh, he looked a nasty piece of work… the sort of person you would not want to meet in a dark alley late one night. 
“What’s going on?” he demanded. 
“I’m on a maintenance detail,” Adema repeated, “checking the connections to the power couplings in the main control centre.” 
“I don’t know anything about a maintenance detail scheduled for today,” the officer said. “Nobody has informed me.” 
As he grabbed the security pass to examine it closer, the receptionist interceded. “The pass has cleared. I was just about to book them in.” 
Then one of the other Kayton officers, who was sitting at the table playing cards, shouted, “Come on, hurry up. I’ve got a good hand here!” 
“All right, keep your hair on. I will just see them through the main security door.” 
He handed the security pass back to the receptionist who then said to Adema, “Oh, these military types! They are all the same, aren’t they? I will just book you in and then you can be on your way.” 
“I know,” Adema replied, tutting in agreement with the receptionist.
As for me, the tension was so great I thought I was going to snap in half. I didn’t realise I was starting to sweat until one drop, emanating from my right temple, started to roll down my face. 
The Kayton officer was staring directly at me and his expression suddenly turned to one of shock and horror as he spotted the bead of sweat running down my cheek. He went for the hand gun in his waist holster, shouting as he did so, “Intruders!” He took aim and fired one shot in my direction. 
Adema, who was closest to me and also fully aware of what was happening, shouted, “No!” throwing himself in front of me and wrapping his arms tightly around me as he did so. It all seemed surreal to me, playing itself out in slow motion, or so it appeared from my perspective. 
I looked Adema in the face as he was silhouetted against the white flash of light illuminating him as the laser shot struck him in the back like a bolt of lightning from behind. Death for him must have been instantaneous. 
I tell you what, I thought, killing Adema was the biggest and last mistake that Kayton officer ever made. Even before Adema and I hit the floor, Kronos had unslung his rifle and taken aim, shooting the Kayton officer right between the eyes. He hit the deck like a sack of potatoes.
 Events for me then began to move at normal speed again. 
Now I thought Freema was quick with a gun, but I can assure you Kronos was even quicker. In rapid succession, he downed the four Drone guards in the reception area before they could make a counter move. Yes it really was a case of the quick and the dead. Kronos was too quick, and the Drones were ending up dead in ever increasing numbers.
Next it was the turn of the three Kayton officers sitting at the table. They didn’t even have time to stand up. The receptionist was taken out, but not before he had set off the alarm which must have been located just underneath the counter. 
A row of vertical multi-coloured lights on the wall flashed as the alarm began to sound with ever-increasing volume. It was deafening. The Drones in the guard house then began pouring out as Kronos put them all to the sword just as quickly as they appeared until their numbers were entirely depleted. Next, he switched to his right to take out the two Drone guards that had been guarding the main entry door when we entered the building. He then shot the alarm display on the wall and all then momentarily fell silent.
As for me, I sat on the floor, cradling Adema in my arms. I was traumatised and frozen in utter shock, staring aimlessly ahead of me into empty space. I just said softly to myself, “what have I done please forgive me God for I have sinned?” As the bullets whizzed past me, impacting on the inner security door. 
Kronos then headed towards the reception room entry security doors. If he could close and jam them shut before the Drone guards arrived he could buy some precious time to figure out his next move. As he did so, he could see hordes of Drones pouring down the corridor. He just carried on moving, saying to himself, “Oh, ye mother of Heaven,” as he opened fire, at the same time moving towards the security doors. 
They fell in their droves. In fact, at times the dead bodies were piling up so high they were obscuring the view of the next wave of drone warriors.  He was helped by the fact that the Drones behind were starting to trip up and fall over the ones that had already been downed. Just as he reached the doors a stray shot hit Kronos in the upper leg. I heard him yell in agony. But he controlled his pain as he pressed the button for the doors to slam shut and then fired a shot at the lock mechanism to jam it so that it could not be manually reopened. Immediately, as there was no time to lose even though he was in terrible pain, he slung his rifle back over his shoulder and then dragged himself over to the work trolley. From the false bottom, he recovered the decoder, which he then proceeded to place on the key pad, located on the wall. He then activated it. Hopefully, in less than three minutes, it would decode and unlock the inner security door to give us access to the Command Bunker proper. You could hear it ticking over as it patiently did its job. 
Kronos then made his way back to the trolley where he recovered our two guardianship belts and the rucksack which contained the explosives and detonator. He fastened his own guardianship belt around his waist and then, carrying my belt and the rucksack, he made his way over to me. He looked down at me in a pitiful manner. 
“Come on, John, there is nothing you can do for Adema now.” 
I looked up at him. “He took the bullet that was meant for me. He laid down his life so that I could live.” 
“Yes, he did it because you’re a Guardian and because he knew you had a very important job to do. So don’t let his sacrifice be in vain; let’s finish the job we have started. We can still pull it off, but you have got to move right now. Come on, here is your belt and rucksack. Now get yourself kitted up.” 
Outside the main bunker structure, hordes of Drones were gathered with their Kayton officers in attendance. Drakos then arrived with his son as well as his two Lieutenants and Wesker in tow. 
“What the hell is going on?” Drakos asked. 
The officer told him that the two Guardians had broken the Transdamping barrier. “With the help of a traitor,” he added, “they have penetrated as far as the reception area of the Drone command bunker—” 
“But the Transdamping barrier cannot be broken,” Wesker interrupted. “It can’t be.” 
“Well they have done,” the officer insisted. 
“I would like to meet the man who pulled it off,” Wesker replied. 
Drakos then said, “Is that inner security door still firmly locked?” 
“Yes,” the officer confirmed. 
“Good. Then we have got them.” 
At that moment a member of the Supreme Kayton Council arrived on his anti-gravity disc and everyone bowed their heads. As he acknowledged their respect with a gesture of his right hand, they raised them again as he spoke.
“The full Council has discussed the situation thoroughly. The Guardians may have broken the Transdamping barrier, but now they are trapped. They won’t even be able to move to another part of Tyros. The inner security door is firmly locked but even if they do manage to get as far as the main control room, they will never be able to penetrate that magnamite shield casing, I don’t care what explosives they possess. The traitor has already been eliminated. Kronos has been wounded to such an extent he can barely walk. The remaining Guardian is apparently so traumatised that he is frozen in a state of paralytic shock. Drakos, your orders are to kill Kronos on sight, but the new Guardian is to be captured alive if possible. Whoever presents the Supreme Council with Kronos’s Guardianship belt will be very handsomely rewarded.” 
“Consider it done,” Drakos replied. “We will be back in the bunker complex in a matter of minutes, bringing this whole sorry business to a successful conclusion very quickly.” 
“Good.” The Council member waved a hand. “Carry on.” 
Drakos, with his son and two Lieutenants, led the way to the main bunker entrance to supervise proceedings. Not Wesker, though. He was the only one with a look of foreboding on his face. Now on the balance of probabilities, all was seemingly safe with the situation soon about to be restored. But he hadn’t acquired the nickname of Slippery for no reason; he was going to hedge his bets and cover himself just in case the unthinkable happened, and slowly backtracked to a more secure location, preferably where there were not large concentrations of Drones. Yes, it is true… cowards never die; they just slip away into obscurity, only to turn up again later like a bad penny.

Twenty-two

On Sontral in the S.I.S. command centre, everyone was waiting in silence for news of any kind, whether it be good or bad. Such was the anticipation. A message then came through the supervisor, who passed it on to Commander Vadoran. He in turn made his way over to the Prime Minister.
“Yes, what is it, Commander?” asked the Prime Minister. 
“Our long range listening stations have picked up a massive increase in radio traffic on Tyros, all encrypted of course. But it does lead us to believe that at least the attempt is being made.” 
“Thank you, Commander. Keep me informed of any further developments.” 
Back in the bunker before I kitted up, I very slowly and ever so gently laid Adema on the floor, closing his eyes and saying as I did so, “Goodbye, you dear, kind man. I hope you are at peace now and reunited with your wife and son God bless you” I bowed my head as a mark of respect then I proceeded to put my Guardianship belt on as well as the rucksack and grabbed my laser rifle, strapping it over my shoulder. I then started to make my way over to Kronos. As I did so, the inner security door suddenly opened. The decoder had done its job, you could feel the gust of fresh air rush in, as it entered the reception area proper. The door must have been at least a metre thick and made of pure magnamite. 
“Good,” said Kronos. “We’re in. Now you make your way down to the main control room and do what you’ve been trained to do. I will hold them for as long as I can, then I will fall back on successive defence lines as I hit and run, stall and retreat, until I meet you back in the main control room. By then the rebellion should be well underway and we can sit it out until things quieten down.” 
As I walked over to him I thought to myself that my grasp of military tactics was weak in the extreme, but even I could see he was in no condition to fulfil his expectations. He could barely walk, never mind run. He was trying to pull the wool over my eyes, or to coin a phrase of an old friend of mine called Ken, he was trying to blind me with science, and I wasn’t having it. 
Once I reached him, I replied, “You’re in no fit state. You can barely walk, never mind run. I will stay and follow your strategy; you go down and plant the charges.” 
Just at that moment, the Kaytons started cutting through the outer security door with what I could only describe as laser cutting equipment. And not in one place, but two… the bottom left and the bottom right hand corner of the door, cutting upwards in an arch shape to meet in the upper middle of the door. This must have given him extra encouragement as, instantly and with both hands, he grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me like a rag doll. The whiplash was so vigorous I thought my head was going to fly off. He really frightened me, and I think it was intentional – a shock designed to make me fall into line. 
“I can’t, John. You are right. I can barely walk, never mind run. Now listen, John, there is very little time left. I got you into this mess and now I am trying my best to get you out of it alive. You are going to go down into that control room and kill those technicians with no hesitation and then you are going to plant the charges correctly. Then you are going to do as much damage to those control panels as you can with your laser rifle, after which you had better start praying it works before this lot get to you.” 
“I’m sorry—” 
“No, John. There is no time for recriminations or regrets. I do believe the best is yet to come from you. Everybody has that one thing in life they are destined to do, this is yours. Very shortly, I am absolutely convinced you will soon be witness to some truly amazing events. Now go, before I change my mind.” 
“Goodbye,” I said, as he pushed me away.
“Go on, John! No more looking back, only forward. Now run like the devil himself is chasing you!” 
As I began to run as fast as my legs would carry me, Kronos turned towards the entrance door to prepare himself for what was about to come. I could not even begin to imagine, let alone understand what was going through his mind as the seconds counted down to the laser cutters meeting and all hell breaking loose. But alas, that moment came all too quickly as the cutters met and the door fell forward with an almighty crash as hordes of Drones attempted to pile through. 
Kronos had the initial advantage but it couldn’t be maintained indefinitely as the sheer weight of numbers began to tell. Even the Drones had learnt from their past mistakes by jumping over their fallen comrades instead of falling over them as previously. He could feel his rifle heating up with the continuous fire as it began to burn out. Then the inevitable occurred as he was hit twice in quick succession. Falling to the floor, he was no more for this world. But at least he had taken a good number of Drones with him. It was a shame Drakos was not amongst them but at least he had bought some valuable time, which could prove crucial at this late stage of the operation. 
Vast numbers Drones poured through, continuing their pursuit of me through the inner security door and on down the connecting corridor to the Drone command bunker proper. And when this momentous episode was all over, who should come strolling in with seemingly not a care in the world, but Drakos with his son and two Lieutenants. As the Kayton officers entered the reception area they were confronted with a scene of utter devastation. Dozens of drones littered the floor like confetti at a wedding. One of Drako’s Lieutenants was so shocked by what he saw that the words “One man did all this?” were forced involuntarily from his lips, and he shook his head in disbelief.
 Drakos surveyed the scene of utter carnage around him and then he walked over to Kronos and nudged him a couple of times with his right foot, smiling. 
“Ah, you’re not such a big man now, are you? Daymar, remove his Guardianship belt. You can have the honour of presenting it to the Supreme Council, for which they will reward you handsomely.” 
“Yes, Father.” Daymar obeyed with a smile and reached down to retrieve the Guardianship belt but as soon as his hand made contact with it, the belt flared up into an intense fireball. Worse still, the yellow and orange fireball began to consume Daymar at an ever-increasing pace. He yelled out in pain, but to no avail. Drakos lunged forward to try and help him but his two Lieutenants forcefully held him back, one of them saying, “No, Drakos! If you touch him you could go up the same way.” 
As the flames mercilessly accomplished their aim until nothing remained of Daymar but a pile of ashes, I suppose you could say there was some sort of poetic justice in play. Drakos had taken away everything Kronos had loved. Now, in death, Kronos had destroyed the only thing in life that Drakos cared about. Yes, it is a funny old galaxy, isn’t it? What goes around comes around; whatever evil you perpetuate you can guarantee that one day you will be paid back in kind. 
When it was all over and his two Lieutenants had released their grip, Drakos said, “I am personally going to kill that remaining Guardian and destroy and eliminate all he stands for.” He then began to run down the tunnel to the main bunker complex, closely pursued by his two Lieutenants. 
As for me, I could hear, at least for a while, the ensuing gun fire being exchanged in the reception area but after a time even that noise abated, leaving me in silence with only my own thoughts for solace, which were a mixture of fear and rage. I then remembered what Freema had said to me once during one of my training sessions. ‘Control your thoughts and by controlling your thoughts you can control your actions, concentrate on what you are doing, not on what other people are doing.’ At last I could see the bunker entrance coming up in the distance so I gathered my thoughts and readied myself for the task ahead. As I ran the last few yards I repeated a couple of times the inscription that was on my Guardianship belt. After all, it was supposedly a Kultarn war cry: Ishtar Racnar Tacknar Heyah. Then I was in the Control Bunker proper. Would you believe it, all the technicians, unarmed, middle-aged men, were huddled together in the middle of the floor like a group of penguins. I needed no encouragement. I let them have it with a vengeance, spraying them remorselessly with my laser rifle. 
The first shot clipped one of the technicians on the arm. He fell, but began to crawl across the floor. The rest of them tried to scatter but the field of fire was so rapid and intense that every one of them was downed in a matter of seconds. Some of the stray shots even hit the control panels. I thought, well at least that will be less work for later on. 
I briskly walked over to the downed technician who was trying to crawl away from me as quickly as his condition would allow. He was begging for mercy, asking for his life to be spared, as he had a wife and children. I gave him the same mercy that Adema and Kronos had been given, which was absolutely none. I fired one solitary shot into his back after which his head slammed hard onto the floor with a thud. If truth be told, I actually enjoyed it, feeling that at last I was now able to effectively hit back instead of just being a passive spectator as I had been up until that moment. I gave him a good kick just for good measure. Yes, this is what it had now come to, the Kaytons had turned me into a killer. All was now quiet as I surveyed the control room and found my bearings. It was identical to the mock-up back on Sontral, the only difference being the real thing had behind the main control panel a see through Perspex screen. Behind it, stretching as far as the eye could see, were rows upon rows of power generators. Red and blue in colour, they were apparently powered by an underground river system, a perpetual source of hydroelectric power at the Kaytons’ fingertips. 
I made my way over to one of the main supporting pillars, placing my rifle against it and then took my rucksack off and opened it. I noticed then that I was sweating like a pig and my hands were shaking like tree branches in the autumn wind. I shook my head to get myself under control. Then, as I had been trained to do with the rucksack, I ran over to the control panels, methodically placing the four charges in the correct positions at the power relay points, working my way from left to right, as I placed each one in turn, I said Charlie Dog Easy Fox. I think they were the four sub divides of the American Omaha beachhead in Normandy. Then I scurried back behind the supporting pillar, adopting a secure position. I took out the detonator and then discarded the rucksack. “Right,” I said as I pressed down on the arm button. The plunger then appeared and I pressed it firmly in.
“This is it everything now comes down to this brief moment in time.” I said as I released it just as quickly, after which there was an almighty explosion as the shape charges punched their way remorselessly through the power relay systems. The noise was deafening but even before the dust and smoke had settled, I dropped the detonator. Then I grabbed my rifle and stepped out from behind the supporting pillar and methodically began to spray the control panels, working my way as before, from left to right. As I did so I said to myself “Hit the frigging thing, hit it!”
“Come on, come on,” I kept saying to myself as this part of my assignment came to its inevitable conclusion. Then at that precise moment I saw movement from the corner of my left eye. It was the first of the Drones appearing. They had finally caught up with me. I quickly turned to my left, depressing the trigger mechanism of my rifle to its maximum for the most rapid rate of fire so as to give me the initial tactical advantage. I just aimed for the dead center of their bodies. I thought that way I was bound to hit something. But these weren’t unarmed middle-aged men; they were all members of the elite first strike division. With it being a relatively narrow entrance, I was downing a good number of them. I was stepping back slowly at the same time to put as much distance as possible between me and them. But time and space were fast running out.
“Oh, frig this,” I said to myself and then I shouted, “Why haven’t they turned?” as my back was now very close to the main control panels. Then one of those crafty Drones dived to the floor as he entered the room. He took aim at me and fired one shot that hit me in my upper right arm. I yelled out in pain, my rifle flying out of my arms and ending up on the floor many yards away. As for me, I was lying on the floor with my back propped up against one of the main control panels. It had only grazed me, but it felt like someone had placed a red hot poker on my arm. I knew now what my Aunty Lucy had felt like. My mother had told me that during the war, Lucy used to date the American soldiers but she was coming home far too late for her father’s liking. He used to wait behind the front door for her with a red hot poker and then when she arrived home, he was ready for her. He chased her up the stairs, telling her that he would teach her not to stay out late with American service men. 
When I was a youngster she had a big Airedale dog. It was an odd creature. There was a fire in December 1975 which destroyed a part of Leeds Market, but before that a pie and pea stall was located at the bottom end. It was one of my favorites. It served amazing mint sauce. Behind the stall was an arcade which sold all kinds of pets. It was the school holidays in August 1973 – I’d just been to see Roger Moore in Live and Let Die at the cinema. 
Me, my mother and my Aunty Lucy – plus the dog – had some pie and peas before we went to view the pets. 
At First everything passed off uneventfully until we were about half way through the arcade. One stallholder was selling rabbits, he had them loose in a pen. As soon as the dog saw them, he went for them as if he was possessed. One after another he grabbed them by the scruff of the neck, tossing them into the air. By the time we got him back under control a scene of devastation confronted us. Dead and traumatized rabbits lying everywhere in a random manor, it was a war zone. The stallholder went berserk with my Aunty, and fair enough. The only way we could stop him from calling the police was to pay for all the dead animals. Even I had to chip in, using my pocket money to help settle the bill. We finally made our escape; the surviving rabbits were huddled into a terrified bundle. They were shaking like leaves tumbling from an autumnal tree. 
It wasn’t the only time the dog acted like this, and in the end, she had to give him up. Subsequently I was informed he ended up in a maximum-security prison for naughty dogs. 
When I was about nine I managed to con the pet shop into selling me a mouse. Mother saw it, and told me that no way was I keeping it in the house. So, it was relegated to bunking up in the garage, in a lonely corner. Being a mouse, it was a good escapologist. Soon it was gone, never to be seen again. Or so I thought. Its cage had a wheel in it and one morning I came into the garage and I could hear that wheel turning. The mouse was back, doing its exercises. To this day, I am convinced it came back because it did not like life on the outside. It must have thought to itself. “Oh, frig this for a game of soldiers.” No food but plenty of predators. I’ll never forget that little mouse, not as daft as it looked.
As for me, I was no sooner sitting helpless on the floor than who should come flying out of the shadows into the main control area, but Drakos. At that moment everything seemed surreal and went into slow motion again as had happened before in the main reception area with Adema. The only explanation I can offer for this experience is that I think when you are directly threatened, the brain automatically switches to this mode. 
As Drakos ran towards me he said, “Blade out.” His right fist was clenched as a laser-like blade extended from what looked like a watch but was worn reversed so that the round mechanism was on his pulse on his wrist. The laser blade itself was exactly the same length and width as a knitting needle as it extended menacingly from his cuff. Events for me now started to move at normal speed again as Drakos raced towards me, yelling as he did so. 
He was just about to lunge his blade into my face when a loud voice shouted, “Halt!  Stand back immediately. Drakos, stand down, that’s a direct order.” 
The voice came from a member of the Supreme Council who was a few yards away from us, hovering about six feet above the ground on his anti-gravity disc. 
Drakos came to a halt with his blade only a few inches away from my right eye. I could feel the heat on my eye ball. You could almost see and feel the pure evil that was emanating from his head, like a halo. At least those Devils hoodies from when I was a teenager, had the decency to hide their faces. I briefly stared directly at him, then I spat in his face. 
“That,” I said, “is from Kronos, you traitor to your own kind, you Quisling!” 
“I will have you soon enough, Guardian,” he replied. “You can mark my words on that.”  He smiled and waved the blade in front of my face and then wiped his face clean as he walked back a few yards before coming to a stop in front of the Drone that had shot me. He was flanked on either side by his two Lieutenants, still with his laser blade extended, ready to finish what he had started as soon as the appropriate order was given by his masters. I noticed Drakos kept wriggling his fingers. The laser blade must have had a built in safety feature to protect the user. Every time his fingers approached the laser, it cut out. Only to reappear when his fingers retreated from the blade. Oh that horrible piercing gaze he was giving me, you could see he was ready to strike at a moment’s notice.
All the time this was playing out, hordes of Drones and Kaytons were pouring in to form a large semi-circle around me, menacingly pointing their weapons in my direction as they did so. 
In the S.I.S command centre, everyone was still anxiously waiting for that all-important verification message from Raygel, but to no avail. There was just a stony silence. They say no news is good news… well, not so in this case as some people began to lose hope, the Foreign Secretary remarking to the Prime Minister, “It’s been too long; we should have heard something by now.”
Raygel, Raygel don’t let us down.
Give us a smile, not a frown.
Be that beacon of hope
That points the way
To ultimate victory
On this, the most momentous of days.
“You don’t know that,” the Prime Minister replied. “You’ve got to give them more time.” 
After that exchange, everyone was looking even more anxious than before. The Chancellor of the exchequer, kept saying to himself, “Come on, come on.” 
Horace who was on the lower level could be heard, at least by some, whispering the Lord’s Prayer. Freema could only wait helplessly, hoping all the time for the best, while General Siliax was concluding his final round of planning studies and consultations right down to the individual level.
On the upper left hand balcony, Chris grabbed hold of Alana’s hand tightly and smiled as she returned the compliment. Professor Zinnerman, who had noticed, smiled in approval. At least there was one happy story unfolding amid all this turmoil. 
Oh, and there standing on his own on the lower level, was the Hellertron Ambassador in his pyjamas and winkle picker slippers. I suppose he was now just a mirror image of how far the Hellertron Empire had sunk, fighting this debilitating war. With very little dignity left, broke and militarily bankrupt, you wouldn’t think that at one time the Hellertrons were regarded as the natural successors to the Kultarn legacy, being the leaders in new technological advances and enriching the galaxy with their art and culture. Now it was all too reminiscent of Oliver Twist, but in this version, it was the Hellertrons holding out the begging bowl to the Solarans, asking for aid in ever-increasing amounts to keep them afloat. Oh dear, what a once mighty empire had been reduced to. Although he personally was still upbeat, he thought unlike some of his countrymen, that the Solarans would fight it out until the bitter end, in the hope of the Kultarn miracle coming to pass. Even if the Guardians fail and Ruatarn falls, we must still keep fighting. History would judge us very badly indeed, if we didn’t. He was now thinking about the Hellertrons’ equivalent of Operation Marita which had been formulated in conjunction with the Solarans some time ago in the event they could successfully jam the signal that was being transmitted to the Drones. Like the Solarans, they had given it a Kultarn name. Their version was called Operation Verenfunken, which was the Kultarn word for vengeance and that was exactly what he hoped his people would be exacting on the Kaytons before very long. The Kaytons had conquered over half of the Hellertron Empire, pillaging, looting and enslaving them as they went. Now the ambassador thought it would soon be our turn to give the Kaytons some payback as he stood there waiting intently for that all-important news to come through. 
Commander Vadoran was just standing passively, hands behind his back, showing no outward sign of emotion. He just stared straight ahead at the viewing screens. 
The Foreign Secretary said to the Chancellor, “Oh, look at Commander Vadoran; his icy cold exterior gives nothing away.” 
The Chancellor nodded in agreement. 

Twenty-three

Back on Tyros, the beacon on top of the Citadel was still turning just as fast as before, continuing to spin its web of evil and subjugation throughout the Galaxy. As for me, I was just sitting there, completely helpless and in utter disbelief as to what had just transpired. Dejected and defeated as well as thoroughly exhausted, I bowed my head in utter disappointment, saying to myself, “It hasn’t worked not; enough damage has been done. All the sacrifice has been for absolutely nothing.” 
Then I heard that familiar humming sound again. It was another member of the Supreme Council appearing on the scene. I slowly raised my head at the same time as his anti-gravity disc lowered itself to the same height as his colleague. Now both of them were side by side, just a few yards away, facing me. As this was happening, all the Kaytons and Drones bowed their heads in obeisance until he gestured for them to raise them again. I was convinced he was one of those three whom I had seen on New Canada on the Guardian verification mission. The three that I had christened the three stooges. I just couldn’t figure out for the life of me if this one was Larry, Mo or Curly. 
He looked to his left as some of the Drones I had killed were still being carried out, then turned back to me and said, “Guardian John, you fought a very brave battle against overwhelming odds and for that we salute you. You were a truly formidable foe, but ultimately you were foredoomed to failure. You cannot take on the might of the Kayton Empire and win, any more than the Solarans or Hellertrons can. The traitor and Kronos are dead and you have achieved absolutely nothing. You are now completely at our mercy—” 
I interrupted. “Even in death, either one of them was more of a man than any of you lot will ever be. You’re not fit to lick their boots.” 
Drakos was smiling, no doubt thinking to himself, if you carry on like that, John, you will be signing your own death warrant. 
“Personal comments are neither here nor there,” the Council member replied. “What matters now is what is going to happen from here on. Now the war is nearly over and victory assured, we can afford to be magnanimous, to that end. After much discussion in the Supreme Council, we have agreed to make you a once-only offer. Join us. If you do, you can have a seat on the Supreme Council. It would not be for show, you would be able to influence decisions. We know the Solarans are getting war weary and are close to opening peace negotiations with us. If you join us, they will surely follow suit and together we can fulfil our true place and destiny together in the Galaxy. It is our presence in the Galaxy that will inspire future generations. The fact that we have conquered a massive empire will be an inspiration and example to all that follow us. We never wanted war with the Solarans in the first place; we have only ever wanted peace and friendship with them.” 
“In time we will look down on the Galaxy that we have created in our image. We will be regarded as living Gods,” uttered the council member. “And in time we shall be worshipped as such.”
I thought to myself; nobody could accuse them of being a shy and modest people. In fact, I thought they were all stark raving mad, if all you are doing is living a lie, then life itself becomes meaningless. 
I remember when I worked at Lewis’s department store in Leeds city centre. I was friends with the doorman, Bill. He was stationed in the Orkney Islands during the war and very boring it was, he told me. Anyway, when he came back to Leeds on leave, he used to go for a drink to the Market Tavern pub but he called it the Madman’s. 
“Why do you call it that?” I asked him.
“Because people were always fighting in there,” he replied. Once, he picked up his pint of beer just in time, as it turned out, because at that precise moment somebody came flying across the table, head first. It reminded me of a scene from one of the Carry On films, I could just imagine it. 
Mind you that’s nothing; I can’t even repeat some of the things Bill told me about what went on in the Mucky Duck and the Slip Anchor pubs.
Anyway, to more pressing matters. I decided I would make one last attempt to bring sanity to this mad house I now found myself in.
Smiling, I said, “Ah you want this Kultarn technology, don’t you? I’ll tell you what, then. If you declare an immediate ceasefire, withdraw from all occupied territories, make an honourable peace with the Hellertrons and set up a war crimes commission to prosecute those who have committed atrocities against the Hellertrons, then I will stay here on Tyros with you to work on the peaceful use of Kultarn technology. And in heaven’s name please release these poor tortured souls from their eternal torment and let them return home,” I continued as I pointed towards the drones.
“Half the Galaxy is ours by conquest,” the Council member replied, “and you are in no position to be dictating terms. The original offer still stands, but not for much longer, Guardian. Don’t try our patience. As for the Solarans, if they renounce their alliance with the Hellertrons and pledge allegiance to us, they could end the war right now. Wesker spoke to you at length. He tells me he thinks you are trustworthy. If you give your word and accept our offer, I can have the Transdamping barrier lowered right now. You can then go back to Sontral to explain what has happened and champion our cause in the Solaran war cabinet. That, combined with their hopeless position now this escapade has failed and the worsening war situation, should be enough to sway them to our way of thinking.” One of Drakos lieutenants shouted. “Don’t be a fool John it’s a good offer. Work from within to get the changes you want.”  
“What about the Hellertrons?” I asked. “Don’t they deserve to be left alone to peacefully co-exist in the Galaxy along with you and the Solarans?” 
“The only thing the Hellertrons are fit for is to work in our factories and toil on our farms. In fact they are so stupid and their skulls so thick we can’t even turn them into Drone warriors. The same as these savages,” he pointed towards the Drones, “are only fit to fight for us in our endeavour to expand our empire to its maximum extent. If ten thousand Hellertrons die digging an anti-personnel ditch, I care not. My only concern is that the ditch is completed on time.” 
I lowered my head with a sigh of utter dejection as the full realisation dawned on me of what was in store, not only for Earth but also the entire Galaxy. As I was preparing myself to tell them what I really thought about them and what they could do with their so-called offer, something truly astonishing was transpiring outside with the control beacon on top of the Citadel. It was noticeably slowing down until, eventually, with a final swishing sound it ground to a shuddering, screeching, absolute stop. The only logical explanation that made any sense was that the shape explosive charges had only severed a certain number of connections. The remainder could not cope indefinitely with the extra current and literally overheated, slowly burning themselves out over a relatively short period of time.
I raised my head and looked the Council member straight in the eyes. “You foul, filthy creatures! I hope you all burn in hell. I still think your kinds days are numbered. Only the nature and the timing of the collapse are in question. Of that I have not the slightest doubt.” He replied “I can assure you John your end of days is very close at hand.” “Yes,” I said. “But the difference is I know it and you don’t.”
One of the Kayton guards shouted, “Don’t you talk like that to a member of the Supreme Council.” 
“No matter,” the Council member said. “You have had your chance, Guardian, and now you will pay the ultimate price for your narrow-minded short-sightedness and lack of vision. Only now at the very end do you realise the full consequences of the folly of you actions and I promise you this John… when the war is over we will make it a priority to find your home planet and then level it. In fact, I am almost sad, John, that you won’t be there to see all your hopes and all your dreams come crashing down in ruins under the weight of the fire power from our battle cruisers. Oh, and I will personally see to it that we use our new cascade mega weapon on your people for maximum devastation.” 
“Do you know that, as a people, you are all truly lost to humanity?” I asked him. 
He laughed. “Drakos, kill him.” 
Drakos smiled. “With pleasure.” As he began to step forward, he stopped in his tracks, groaning in terrible pain, after which he fell forward, crashing face down onto the ground. He was dead. As he lay motionless on the ground I thought to myself “Say goodbye, boy, you’re going straight to hell.”
The Drone stood behind him – the one who had shot me in the arm. He had stabbed him in the back with his laser blade. 
“Sword of Justice, sword of good, strike home true and strike home good.”
He must have whispered the command for it to extend while those heated discussions were taking place between the Council member and myself. As he stood there, I could see the blood dripping off the white laser. Then, with his left hand in a symbolic gesture of defiance, he tore off his helmet so that, for the first time, I could see what this man actually looked like. Instead of just being a faceless automaton programmed to obey the Kaytons, he was now an individual with a mind of his own and he started using it to good effect to extract revenge on his former Kayton masters. 
After smashing the helmet to the floor so violently that I could almost feel the vibrations reverberating around the room, he shouted in a very loud voice, “Now, fight like savages for your freedom! The gloves were now off.
What a historic moment. Now to describe the Kaytons as being surprised would be an understatement. Most, like Drakos’s two Lieutenants, were just frozen in shock with their mouths wide open. Not so the former Drone, who immediately slashed one of the Lieutenants across the throat with his blade. Then with lightning speed he stabbed the other Lieutenant in the stomach, after which he grabbed him by the scruff of the neck to use him as a human shield as one of the Kayton officers took a pot shot at him. He then fell to the floor with his human shield, saying, “Blade in.” As he hit the deck, he grabbed his laser rifle which he had quietly placed there earlier on. Then, in rapid succession, he took out not only the Kayton officer who had fired on him but three others as well, just for good measure. This scenario of vicious, hand-to-hand mini-battles was being played out right across the control room between the freemen, as I now called them, and their former Kayton masters. 
Meanwhile, the two Supreme Council members had their eyes on me with seemingly only one thought on their mind. My destruction, the base of their disc was also apparently a weapons platform. I watched helplessly as two apertures opened in each disc to reveal a laser gun. I starred directly at them and said. “Guess who owns Tyros now.” They were just about to open fire on me when a freeman saw what was happening. Oh, he must have been at least seven feet tall… he reminded me of Jaws in the two Bond films. The spy who loved me and Moonraker released in 1977 and 1979 respectively. He ran over to the discs, grabbing them both, one with his left hand and the other with his right. Then he pushed both discs upwards as they fired their weapons so that the shots landed harmlessly above my head. Still, it was a very close call. 
As for the two Council members, they both rolled off the back of their respective discs, landing with a bump on the hard floor. However, that was the least of their worries as, almost immediately, they were set upon by a number of freemen who used their rifle butts to pulverize them. Needless to say, it was not a very pretty sight to watch. By the time they had finished battering the two of them to a pulp, I’m afraid not even their own mothers would have recognised them anymore. 
I was just a helpless bystander to these momentous events that were being played out before my very eyes. I could feel the tears running down my cheeks but I smiled, for they were not tears of sorrow but tears of joy. I just said to myself, “My work is now done.” By now this particular skirmish was over. Its outcome was never really in any doubt as the Kaytons had been outnumbered by more than two to one and, of course, the freemen had the initial element of surprise and speed on their side, which they had put to good effect. No prisoners were taken. Such was the ferocity of the fighting that all the Kaytons in that room had been killed, right down to the last man. The freemen had exacted their revenge. I suppose, when you had been separated from your loved ones and enslaved for God knows how many years, with your home planet and people being mercilessly ground down, then you could expect no other reaction. Not like my home country of England; that had not been successfully invaded since 1066. We could afford to follow the Geneva Convention. 
You could tell that the freeman who had killed Drakos had been a leader of men on his home planet by the way he directed the others to set up a defence perimeter as well as sending out patrols to ascertain the progress of the rebellion generally. Then, with six of his comrades in arms, including the big guy who I had christened the Big Fella, he began to approach me very slowly. The six, who still wore their helmets, removed them, dropping them on the ground. It was just like Freema had said, each one of them had noticeably deep blue eyes. All, to a man, were Vogarans from the planet, Tau Seti. They all formed up just in front of me, smiling at me as they did so. I returned the compliment in kind. 
The one who shot me in the arm said, “Please forgive me, Guardian, for what I did.” 
“I won’t hear of talk like that now raise your head young man and look me in the eye,” I replied. “You were only doing what you had been programmed to do. In fact, I think you are the bravest group of men I have ever met in my life, my little band of heroes. And by the way, from now on you call me John. Tell me your name, soldier.” 
He told me his name was Crixas and that he had been a Captain in the regular army of Tau Seti. After the Kaytons overran Tau Seti he led a resistance band of fighters until he was captured and turned into a Drone. He told me the names of his men gathered around me but he did not know the name of the man I called the Big Fella. They called him the Big Man. Crixas thought he had been so traumatised at witnessing his family being killed by the Kaytons that he had lost the power of speech, but he was by far the best fighter they had in their group. 
He then began to dress my wound, first by tearing away the material of my sleeve and then he produced a dressing from a pouch on his belt. He applied what looked like a square plaster to the wound. Oh, it was nice and cool and really took the edge off the pain I had been experiencing. It was like a gel which partially melted into the wound, while the upper part formed a transparent outer covering. 
After completion of that minor task, Crixas said, “We had better try and get you out of here, John. The Kaytons will direct the remainder of their forces to eliminate you for what you and your friends have done. Ask your Guardianship if he can now Transport you out.” 
“I will try,” I replied. “Kev, can you Transport me now?” 
“I’m sorry, John,” Kev replied. “The Transdamping barrier is still in operation. I can’t even move you to a safer part of Tyros.” 
“Thanks for trying, Kev. Notify me as soon as you are able to Transport me.” I turned to Crixas. “Just concentrate on saving your men, Crixas. You’re going to attract too much heat by trying to protect me. I will hide, until things quieten down; I’ve got this far.”
All of them looked me straight in the eyes as Crixas then said, “There is not a man here who wouldn’t gladly give up his life to protect you, John. We are all going to fight our way out of here, get a ship and get off this rock together.” 
“You all humble me with your selfless bravery,” I replied. 
“No,” said Crixas, “you put us all to shame with the sacrifices you and your friends have made to free me and my people from slavery.” 
I placed my hand on his shoulder. “Thank you.” 
“Can you move okay, John?” he asked. 
“Yes.”
“Then we had better make our move now. I will contact other groups by radio and see if we can get Transport ships to pick us up in the clearings just outside the Citadel so that we can get off Tyros.” 
I got up and we all very gingerly made our way out of the bunker complex and back on to the surface proper. Of course, for me it meant passing a certain place again that had caused me and two very dear friends so much hurt and pain, which will be etched on my memory for the remainder of my days.  

Twenty-four

In the S.I.S command complex on Sontral, most people, apart from the old diehards like Horace or those like Freema who so much wanted to see me back safely, had just about given up hope. Most now had their heads down as depression and despondency began to sink in and then, like a bolt from the blue, the screen in front of the main consoles lit up. It was Raygel with an incoming transmission. Everyone was invigorated again and woke as if emerging from a deep slumber. This at last was the moment they had all been hoping and waiting for. 
“Put it on speaker,” Commander Vadoran said. 
The operator complied as she said to the agent on Raygel, “Please give your verification code.” 
He replied, “Verification code Oscar Bravo Tango Zero 9471.” 
“Verification code accepted,” the operator said. “Go ahead.” 
“Unbelievably, the Drones have turned on their Kayton masters. A massive insurrection is now underway.” 
At this, a huge cheer rang out from everyone in the command centre. At last they were on their way; the end was now in sight.
The agent continued, “I can only assume that you have managed to jam the signal. I am going to help organise the rebellion more effectively. I hope to be back on Sontral very soon.” 
Before he signed off, the operator explained what had transpired before leaving to complete his task. Then, one by one in quick succession, the other screens began to light up as they, too, had momentous news to convey. 
At that precise moment, Commander Vadoran shouted to the floor supervisor. “Transmit now to all our agents and resistance movements in the outer systems. At least it will give them a little time to organise and prepare for what’s coming their way in a few minutes.” 
The Prime Minister managed to catch the Commander’s attention briefly and said, “Well done.” 
The Commander nodded in acceptance and then resumed his direction of his staff to the job in hand. 
Then the deputy floor supervisor approached the Hellertron Ambassador. “Mister Ambassador, would you follow me, please? We have got you a direct and secure link to your government and high command on Ruatarn.” 
He needed no encouragement. First he made formal contact with his people by giving his own unique verification codes. Now, considering he was a diplomat who was used to sweet-talking people and rambling on forever with no concern for the passage of time, on this occasion at least, he wasted no time and came straight to the point. 
“Guardians have knocked out Drone Command Bunker on Tyros. Recommend immediate implementation of Verenfunken with all our available armed forces. And I hope you show them the same mercy as they have shown our people.” As his clasp on the mike was so tight it almost dissolved under the intense pressure.
The Prime Minister was in discussion with his military and civilian leadership and began with General Siliax. “Notify all ground force and battle fleet commanders to initiate operation Marita immediately. I want to end the war as quickly as possible with minimum losses to everyone concerned.” 
Now, as had been mentioned before, something had been playing on General Siliax’s mind. 
 The time had come to speak out and voice his concerns. “Mister Prime Minister,” he began, “I must strongly insist on an immediate and full strategical missile strike on the ten Kayton battle fleets before we engage them with our own fleets.” 
“Explain,” asked the Prime Minister.
“The ratio of Drones to Kaytons on their ships is about fifty-fifty, because of the skilled nature of most of the jobs. not like their ground forces of which seventy percent are made up of Drones. So you could have a situation where up to half their fleets remain under Kayton control, which is totally unacceptable. My boys have been through hell. I want them to be given the maximum advantage possible before they engage the enemy.” 
The Foreign Secretary then intervened. “We can’t attack with our missile force. We could be hitting ships that have already been seized by their former Drone crews. How am I, as Foreign Secretary, going to explain such actions to those people’s governments? The situation could become intolerable.” 
“I agree,” the Chancellor said, “and don’t forget, the former Drones will have the element of surprise on their side.” 
The Minister for War Production also interceded. “I agree with General Siliax; our people on the home front would never forgive us if we didn’t do everything in our power to keep our losses to a minimum. Especially at this late stage of the war when victory is so close. Nobody wants to be the last man to die. Let’s end this whole sorry business as quickly as possible.” Horace who was observing from a distance stayed impassive, he would let the big beasts fight this one out.
The Prime Minister paused for a moment to carefully weigh up all the options and then, when his mind was made up, he said, “After authorising Adema, Kronos and John to carry out such a dangerous mission, this ranks as the most difficult decision I have ever had to make, but as Commander-in-Chief of the Solaran armed forces, it is my duty to make the interests of the men and women serving in them my first priority. To that end, I am now ordering an immediate and full strategical missile strike on the ten Kayton Battle Fleets. It is not a decision I take lightly but it is I and I alone who will have to live with the consequences for the rest of my life.” 
Things then began to move very quickly. General Siliax waved over the Colonel who was always standing in the shadows, never far away from the Prime Minister. He had the small briefcase chained to his wrist that contained the launch console for the missiles. 
“We are going for immediate launch,” the General said as the Colonel removed the handcuffs and placed the small briefcase on the table and used a swipe card to open it. 
The Prime Minister and General Siliax then entered their respective authorisations and launch codes as well as the target acquisition information necessary. After which it was just a matter of letting things take their course. Everything that could be done had been done. It was now down to others to carry out the orders and make the whole enterprise a resounding success by eliminating the Kayton battle fleets once and for all. 
While everyone else in the command centre was elated at the good news, Freema was still very quiet, not knowing how John and the others were on Tyros. 
Alana said to her, “I’m sure John is all right, Freema. They will all be back home soon.” 
Freema smiled weakly. “I hope you are right.” 
On the forward missile bases which were actually huge lumbering space stations situated behind the Solaran front lines, all was quiet for the crews who manned these monsters. Only endless drills and maintenance broke the monotony. Mind you, that was the way they liked it, knowing full well that the only time they would be used would be if the Solaran front lines collapsed. Then they would be required to fire their deadly cargo to cover their comrades’ retreat. So it really was a case of no news was good news and so it had remained up until then. 
On board, two men were responsible for a battery of twenty missiles. They sat in a launch cubicle at a control panel, approximately twelve feet apart from each other. The station contained two hundred missiles in total. One man could not launch his missile battery on his own; both men had to go through a set procedure together for the system to be activated. Two such men who were sitting in their cubicle on just one of these massive harbingers of potential destruction, were going about their normal routine which, at that particular moment, consisted of completing some of their daily paper work. One guy was throwing paper balls at his comrade while listening to music he had picked up from an A class inhabited planet (Moon light becomes you from Earth.) “Oh give over his comrade barked and there is no accounting for your taste in music.” They both laughed. Then, like a bolt from the blue, the alarm sounded and an automated voice said, “This is not a drill. Repeat: this is not a drill. We are going for launch.” 
The men quickly leapt into action, discarding their pens and paper to initiate the launch sequence in perfect tandem. 
One man said, “Oh dear God, the front must have collapsed. I’ve got a brother serving in the front line.”
“Then we had better make them count,” said the other man. “Our forces will be relying on us to cover their withdrawal.” 
At that precise moment a senior commander burst into the room. “It is not what you think. The Guardians have knocked out the Drone Command Bunker on Tyros. The Drones have turned on the Kaytons. Yes, the rebellion has started and the tables are turned.
“We have been ordered to hit the Kayton battle fleets with everything we have got before we send our battle fleets in to finish them off. Come on, jump to it! I don’t want my section to be the last to launch.” 
The men needed no further encouragement as they enthusiastically completed their launch sequence with renewed vigour. Never had they dreamed they would be firing their deadly ordnance in such circumstances. 
The same scene was being played out on every station as the crews could hear the tremendous noise and feel the vibrations of the tens of thousands of missiles leaving their respective silos, then emerging from their respective stations in perfect synchronisation, ready to deliver their deadly payload. The vibrations even shook the coffee cups from the tables. After clearing the station proper the missiles tails began to spin vigorously, then they were away. So slim and sleek they could travel at hyperlight speed to seek out and destroy their target.
On completion of their task, all the crews started celebrating. One said, “I hope those sods get what they deserve.” 
Sometime later, as the missiles were almost upon the various Kayton battle fleets, vicious hand-to-hand fighting was taking place between the Kaytons and their former Drone crews for control of the ships. On all the ships the alarms were sounding, saying, “Incoming fire… Incoming fire… Take immediate evasive action.” 
In most cases it was to no avail. One Kayton crew member said to the former Drone he was now locked in deadly combat with, “Don’t be a fool, let’s work together to save the ship,” but his appeals came too late as the nuclear-tipped missiles smashed into the various Kayton fleets on masse to devastating effect. As the individual ships were hit one by one, they lit up the darkness of space, illuminating it like Christmas tree lights being suddenly switched on. Next, the Solaran battle fleets moved in to finish off what was left of the Kaytons’ ships. They were not fleets any more, just scattered remnants fighting for their very existence. It was all over very quickly. Some Kayton ships had managed to retain control and escape, but their numbers were small. They were now finished as an effective fighting force. Never again would they be able to menace the Galaxy and threaten the peace. 

Twenty-five

On Ganeymon on the Keltar battle front, it was just another day of uncertainty for the men in the trenches, never knowing when the next Kayton attack would occur. Apart from the odd exchange of artillery fire and the obligatory sniper taking a pot shot, not much was happening on this sector of the front. The young Second Lieutenant, who had been standing next to the unknown soldier when he had been so tragically killed at his side, had subsequently found out that soldier’s name. He had collected all his belongings and put them into storage until the day he could return them in person to his girlfriend, Otterley. Although when, if ever, that day would come, nobody could tell. The war news was so bad and the situation had deteriorated to such an extent that all leave had now been cancelled for the foreseeable future. Only their discipline kept them going. How much longer could they hold out? Like everybody else, they just did their duty as ordered. 
Anyway, our Lieutenant was sitting there, minding his own business as always, when the man to his left said, “I’ve been hearing rumours that secret weapons are about to change the course of the war.” 
“Yes,” the Lieutenant replied, “I’ve been hearing the same stories for the last two years, but nothing ever comes of it. It is just propaganda put out by Vadoran’s S.I.S to try and keep morale up.” 
The man to his right then said, “God is on our side. Has not the second Guardian been discovered and come over to us? I do believe in the ancient prophecies and that one day the Kultarn miracle will come to pass.” 
The Lieutenant just slumped forward with his head in his hands, thinking to himself, oh no, I’ve got a fantasist on one side and a guy whose got religion on the other; surely things cannot get any worse? I can’t even go back, if I did, I would be arrested by the military police to face a court martial. And if I went forward, I would be shot by the Kaytons, without doubt.
 Then, at that very moment, sporadic gun shots and explosions could be heard coming from the Kayton side of the lines. Further down the line the Major in charge was scanning the Kayton lines with his binoculars looking for signs of activity.
“They’re up to something,” he declared. “Sound the alarm and go to full battle readiness.” 
“Yes, sir,” replied his deputy. As the alarm sounded, word was sent along the whole front line to prepare for an immediate Kayton attack. All the soldiers who were still in their dugouts poured out with their weapons at the ready. All were now as prepared as they could be for what they thought was about to hit them. 
A messenger, almost out of breath, then arrived from company headquarters. “Sir, the Drones have turned on the Kaytons.” 
“You are kidding, soldier,” the Major replied. 
“No, sir. It’s true, the Guardians have knocked out the Drone Command Bunker on Tyros. There is no signal to control them anymore. Your orders are to attack at once and help them finish off the Kaytons.” 
“Now they are the sort of orders I like,” the Major replied. 
As the word was passed down the line to commence the attack, cheers could be heard emanating from the men as the amazing news spread very rapidly along the whole front line, as far as the eye could see. When the news reached the Lieutenant and his two comrades, they all jumped and shouted for joy at the top of their voices. The Lieutenant said to his two men, “You were both right in your own way. Come on, let’s end the war now.” 
When all was ready, the Major gave the order. “Now our time has come. Let us help these freemen finish the Kaytons off once and for all.” 
Everyone roared as they followed the Major over the top to their date with destiny. As one they charged and as one they arrived at the former Kayton lines to help the former Drones defeat the remaining Kayton forces. It was all over very quickly. All the Kaytons had been killed or captured as things started to settle down somewhat. 
The Major noticed a group of former Drones lining up Kayton prisoners against a wall, ready to be summarily shot.  With some of his men, he ran over and stood between the former Drones and the Kayton prisoners. 
“No,” he said. “What you do with the Kaytons you capture on your home planets is your business. But this is a Solaran military controlled area which means in this sector of the front, I am in charge. If this lot have committed war crimes they will be tried by due process in the courts, not like this.” 
The former Drones, after a slight pause during which anything could have happened, as weapons had been raised on both sides, then began to lower their weapons and disperse. A serious incident had been avoided. 
One former Drone pushed one of the Kayton Prisoners as he left, saying, “Ah, you’re not worth it.” 
Another one said to the Major, “We want to go home.” 
“Transports are making their way here as we speak,” the Major replied. “You will all be on your way home very soon.” 
The tension soon subsided as everyone began to savour the moment of victory by celebrating in their own individual ways.
 Some just wanted to relax on their own, away from it all, to give themselves time for it to sink in just what had actually happened and reflect on how lucky they had been to survive. For others, it would be a mixture of drinking as well as singing and dancing well into the night and who could blame them? It was their moment in history now, a day to remember. They could all think about returning home to be reunited with their loved ones again now the war was at last at an end. 
“Sir, are you joining us?” One of the men spoke. The second lieutenant was sat with his back to a wall, for now he just wanted some time to himself. He replied. “I will be with you soon” The soldier was immediately caught up in the moving tide of celebration, and the officer smiled as he watched them pass. He took the picture of Otterley out of his pocket and thought to himself just how lucky he was to be alive as he did so a free man with a bottle of wine was walking past. Singing
“Hickory dickory dock, the Kaytons ran down the clock,
The clock struck twelve, their Empire fell,
Whereupon we sighed thank God.”
The same scenes were repeated across all the various the battle fronts. The Kaytons were surrendering in droves, some being pulled out of fox holes by the scruffs of their necks. Others ran out of buildings, hands raised being kicked up the back side by the victors as they did so. 
Things were very different in the former slave labour camps and factories like the one Kronos had spied on. By the time the Hellertron military arrived it was all over. No Kaytons had been taken alive. The former Drone guards and the slave labour camp inmates had seen to that and again, who could blame them? It was their revenge for all the pain and misery they had endured during their enslavement. You could hear the former guard dogs yelping as the children threw stones at them as they chased them with sticks waving in their hands. It was a good job the dogs were fast runners; the children gave up their pursuit once the dogs reached the relative safety of the nearby forest. They were lucky, though, having all been released just in time by the kennel master who was in charge of looking after the dogs. He looked like Sergeant Schultz from the TV series, Hogan’s Heroes. The last thing he said before the former Drone guards killed him and strung him up was, “You savages, you’re not getting your hands on my little babies… now run like the wind!” He released them from their pens in the kennel complex and they in turn ran out of the main gate and made for the forest. The two alpha male dogs, Max and Prince, were watching from the edge of the forest as the last of the girls made it to safety. Now Prince was the hard case; he was just about to run out of the forest and attack one of the children, but then Max turned towards the females and gestured towards Prince as if to say, come on. Prince took the hint and after giving one last ferocious growl at the assembled children, he followed Max and the girls deeper into the forest to start their new lives together as wild pack animals, having from now on to fend for themselves. As Prince caught up with Max and the girls, he nipped Max on the neck, just to show him who was Top Dog. Forgive the puns, but Max and Prince had experienced a woof… oh, rough time, but were now the top dogs and at least they had all lived to bark another day, which was more than could be said for their former masters. 
On Sontral TV and radio, programs were interrupted by an announcer.
“We cross to the Prime Minister’s Office for an important announcement,” the news caster stated, unable to keep the glee from his voice. 
 “We know that all sorts of rumors are circulating. We can now confirm that at 0930 hours, Tyros Capital Planet time, the Guardians along with one of our own agents destroyed the Drone Command Bunker. The war is over. Rest assured, our loved ones will soon be back home with us.”
“God has been good to me,” muttered a woman at home, alone, struggling to keep her emotions in check. “He has brought both my sons back from the war unharmed.” Back on the war factory planet.
Crowds of people had gathered around the dead bodies of the Kayton guards, kicking and spitting on them with all the fury and hatred they possessed. A number of the bodies had been strung upside down from the electrified fences that surrounded the camps. Sometimes sparks would fly off them as the odd gust of wind blew the body onto the electrified part of the fence. The war factories themselves had been torched. You could see the flames raging in the distance. 
As the hatred subsided and the orgy of destruction came to an end, it was time for the Hellertron civilians as well as the former Drone guards to start boarding the Transport ships to begin their long journey home. Now it was no secret that the Hellertron military had come in for some very serious criticism from the Solaran military and civilian leadership. The Prime Minister and General Siliax had said as much to the Hellertron Government and High Command many times in the past. But it had to be said, the Hellertron Military Police who were now in charge of repatriating these people back to their home planets, were a cut above the rest of the Hellertron armed forces. The scope of the plan they had to enact was vast but so were the forces they had at their disposal to execute it. And oh boy were they Sorley needed for the mammoth task which now confronted them. The crews of the Transports themselves were highly trained and disciplined. Affectionately the crews had named their service H.A.T.S, Hellertron Autonomous Transport Service. It was an independent unit, unlike the Solaran or Kayton Transports which belonged either to the Air Force or the Army. They had the whole operation superbly organised down to the last detail as the civilians and former Drones stood in line to be directed onto their appropriate ships to be homeward bound in a matter of minutes. 
The little boy who Kronos had observed being frightened by the guard dog, asked his father, “Is it true, Papa?” 
“Yes, son. We are going home.” 
They had reached the front of the line now as the military policeman smiled and said to the little boy, “Where are you going, young man?” 
“We are going to the Taraxian system, sir,” the boy replied. 
“Go to my left, son, with your father and mother and board Transport number seven. You will be on your way home very soon and good luck for the future. And make sure you look after your mother and father; they will always be the best friends you ever have.” 
“Thank you, sir,” the boy replied, following his parents to their allotted Transport.
The next in line was the old lady who had the truncheon placed under her chin by the former chicken farmer Kayton guard. She did not give the military policeman chance to speak, but jumped in first, saying, “Oh, you’re a pretty boy, then. If I was a young woman again I would marry you right away. I always liked a man who wore a smart uniform.” 
The military policeman smiled at her. “And if I wasn’t already spoken for, Madam, I would marry you today. But I’m afraid, as the old saying goes, my wife won’t let me. But as a consolation I can get you home back to your loved ones in double quick time. Where would you like to go?” 
“I would like to go to Ruatarn. I have family and friends I would so much like to see again. I have grandchildren I have never seen. I’m an old woman now, with not that many years left.” she said.
“Madam,” he replied, “I won’t hear such talk. You’ll outlive us all.”
And with a tear in his eye and a smile on his face, he extended his arm and said: “Please take my arm, Madam, and I will escort you personally to the next available Transport to Ruatarn.” 
“Oh, thank you,” she said, marching arm-in-arm with her dashing young officer to the Transport take off area. He was the officer who had been in charge of the evacuation of Tarakhan. He was on the very last Transport to leave the planet, he was planning to stay and fight. Only after his junior officers refused to leave without him did he agree to give way. “Shame on me.” he said “and shame on the Republic for these cowardly acts we are perpetrating daily,” as he boarded the Transport. Having to fly fast and low to avoid the Kaytons proximity radar, as they were only a matter of minutes away. Then when out of range they made a steep vertical climb until they had cleared the atmosphere. Where they made contact with two fights who had volunteered to stay behind and pick up any stragglers. Back on the former war factory planet. 
A poor woman was on her knees, holding the hand of a military police officer. “Thank God you’re here,” she whispered, “I thought we were all going to die in this hell.” 
“Hush my love,” came the reassuring reply “no one is ever going to hurt you again. Come with me, let’s go home.” She rose and accompanied the officer to the Transport. Another former prisoner said to the boarding officer. “I was a senator in the Daridion system.” The officer replied. “Good to have you back sir.” As he gave him a lucky bag with treats in, then he directed him to the appropriate Transport.
 Their battle fleets may have been decimated but the Hellertrons still retained a very large transport fleet. The transports were landing and taking off at such a fast rate. They were literally nose to tail. They looked a bit like Thunderbird 2, because of their fat cargo hold in the middle.
Earlier the Father of the little boy had said to the old lady. “Goodbye Mama San you were wright all along.”
“Remember, your elders know best,” she replied. “Go now, get your life back and live it well. Make the Republic proud.”
As a final act of retribution, the Nissen-style huts where the Hellertron civilians had been housed were torched just for good measure, to eliminate every last trace of what they had gone through. As the last of the Transports took off, everyone was relieved their ordeal was finally over and they all shared the same sentiment: never ever would this be allowed to happen again. Previously, the Hellertron government had resisted calls to join the Solaran Commonwealth, but it was apparent now that new organisations and ways of conducting affairs would have to be found if they were to stop a repetition of what had happened with the Kaytons. 
On the former occupied planets like Tau Seti, reprisals were even harsher towards their former Kayton masters, I think the lucky ones were those who were killed on the spot in battle. A terrible fate awaited those high ranking Kaytons who were captured. If I said to you, look up what Queen Elizabeth 1st did with the Antony Babington plotters, you would get some idea of what was done to the Kaytons on places like Tau Seti. When the fighting was all over on Tau Seti, it must have been a sight to see as the government and military leadership emerged out of the Anderman underground cave system from where they had been conducting operations. Over a million people had gathered to greet them as the lawful government of Tau Seti and to thank them for staying behind to direct the resistance to the Kaytons. The crowd cheered as long poles were waved up and down. At the top of each was wedged the severed head of a Kayton. 

Twenty-six

Back on Tyros in a squalid little corner off the main hanger in the Citadel, were gathered the remainder of the Supreme Kayton Ruling Council with other high ranking civilian and military officials as well as their dedicated personnel protection guard, armed to the teeth and ready to die in combat protecting their master’s lives. Wesker had also gravitated there. He had calculated that he could increase his own chances of survival if he stuck close to the centre of power. All were bowed down by anxiety at the disaster that was now unfolding all around them. At that precise moment, an officer arrived who had just, in the nick of time, managed to escape from the military command and communications centre before it was overrun. He was to participate in what all good people would be hoping would be the Kayton Supreme Council’s very last situation conference. 
He was asked by a Supreme Council member, who could be called the Boss of bosses, “What is the strategical situation?” 
The officer, having now recovered his composure, swallowed, took a deep breath and replied, “All ground positions have been overrun and at least ninety percent of our battle fleets have been destroyed or captured. The Empire is collapsing.” 
How would everyone react now they were confronted with the true situation? Wesker immediately started whimpering like a little baby, raising his left hand towards his mouth and biting his knuckles as he did so. His head and hands were shaking uncontrollably for whatever might happen to the Kaytons as far as war crimes were concerned. For him, the only thing that would be ready to greet him on Sontral would be a hangman’s noose for committing high treason. After a fair trial, of course.
He could almost feel the noose starting to tighten around his neck. The Kayton officers could only look upon him with contempt and absolute disgust. 
The Kayton Supreme Council members were also shaking, not with fear, but absolute rage. As the Boss said to the officer, “That pig Prime Minister and his whore, Vadoran! I hope they both burn in hell. As for the Guardian, is he still alive?” 
“Yes as far as we know,” the officer replied. “He is being protected by those savages from Tau Seti.” 
“Then I want you to direct the remainder of our forces into finding and killing him.” 
The officer sighed. “We are rapidly losing command and control and most of what forces we have left are trying to get a ship off Tyros, which is what we should be doing before it is too late.” 
The Boss was by now shaking his fist uncontrollably. “Then I want an unlimited bounty placed on his head!” he roared. 
Now Wesker, who had recovered a little of his composure from the shock of earlier on, sensed he might be able to prolong his miserable existence at least a little while longer. Taking his chance, he shouted, “It won’t work!” 
A Kayton officer replied, “You… speak only when spoken to, you whimpering Solaran turncoat!” 
“Ah,” the Boss said, “let’s hear what Wesker has to say.” He pointed towards him with his crooked, arthritic, index finger. “You were the only one who voiced any disquiet about the coming of the second Guardian… you even came to us with your concerns which, to our cost, we dismissed out of hand. Like everyone else, we were drunk with victory, thinking the war was nearly over and also that the Transdamping barrier could not be broken. If only as a precautionary measure, we had increased the number of guards to three to accompany a contract worker in the Citadel. We could have avoided a catastrophe of the first magnitude, so go on, elaborate; let’s hear what you have to say.” 
Wesker replied, “As I said before, it won’t work. No bounty hunter or assassin would take on the contract – they wouldn’t get anywhere near him. And they would know, even if they did succeed, that they would never live long enough to spend the money. They would be chased to the ends of the Galaxy and beyond and killed by Vadoran’s S.I.S. I spoke to the Guardian at length and in my opinion, I think he will return to his home planet. Now very soon there are going to be a lot of unemployed and very disgruntled military personnel who will be looking to make some big money. The Guardian might have been loose with his tongue on Sontral about his home planet, so for the right price someone may be willing to sell me the information as I still have good contacts on Sontral. But I’m sorry sir they would only deal with me. And the beauty of all this is that, if successful, you would kill two birds with one stone by destroying his home planet and killing him at the same time. What more could you ask for?” 
The Boss and the other Council members listened intently to what Wesker had to say, after which they all sped off on their anti-gravity discs to a quiet corner to discuss the situation in private. After a couple of minutes of heated discussion, during which time Wesker was biting his finger nails to such an extent he must have worn them down to the bone, the Council members made their way back to the main group.
“A binding decision has been made from this moment on,” the Boss said. “Wesker is now in command of our remaining armed forces—” 
A Kayton General interrupted. “You cannot place a Solaran in charge of our remaining forces.” 
The Boss shouted back. “The order has been given and I expect it to be obeyed without question. There is to be no more discussion, the matter is now closed.” 
Everyone bowed their heads, which meant acceptance.
The Boss continued, “All we ask from you, Wesker, is that you direct all your efforts into killing the Guardian and destroying his home planet, after which you can do as you please with the forces at your disposal.” 
If Wesker had written the script himself things could not have worked out better for him. “Thank you, sir, for putting your faith in me,” he replied. “I won’t let you down. In fact, once I have obtained the relevant information as to his whereabouts, I will have him killed immediately. Then I will launch a retaliatory strike on his home planet that will be so massive and so overwhelming that not a single living creature will be left on its surface, of that I promise you sir.” 
All the Council members smiled and nodded in gleeful approval. So Wesker had made his pact with the Devil but he still had to get a ship and make his escape from Tyros. 
To that end, the Boss said to one of the Kayton officers, “Is that ship we used for the Guardian verification mission still in the main hangar?” 
“Yes,” the officer replied, “the access codes have not been broken by those savages yet, but it’s only a matter of time before they do, but the whole place is crawling with former Drones. I don’t think we have enough fire power to punch a way through to the ship.” 
“But we might,” the Boss pointed out, “if we utilise the weapons we Council members have at our disposal in our anti-gravity discs. Quickly organise a skeleton crew to man the ship and a close protection detail to protect Wesker with their lives. The rest of you form up now with us; we must make a move right away. Time is short and the longer we leave the attempt, the more savages we will have to contend with in the hangar.”
It was very noticeable how Wesker made sure the Kayton’s generals were placed in front of what would be the battle line. They would be the first to be killed in the subsequent fighting. Like a chess player plotting his moves in advance, he was effectively eliminating any potential threat to his authority. He only chose younger officers to accompany him on his odyssey. Eventually he would make the one who escaped from the command and control bunker his deputy. 
The orders were carried out and very soon the hangar doors were opened. The whole group made their way to the ship which was in one of the far loading bays. This motley crew actually made a fair distance before they were noticed by the former Drones who immediately went for them, all guns blazing. However, with the added fire power from the Council members’ discs, they managed to punch a way through to the solitary ship, which must have seemed like heaven for Wesker, who was shaking like a leaf all the while. 
Still, they were not on board yet. As swarms of new former Drones began arriving on the scene, it was touch and go. Then the Council members decided the issue with their trump card. They all in unison detonated a self-destruct device which was housed in their discs. The heat from the shockwave blew Wesker over, so, like the King of Spain at Cadiz, it really did singe Wesker’s whiskers as well as his hair, eyebrows and eyelashes. Two of his close protection guards picked him up.
“Get me on board and close that door immediately,” Wesker ordered, “and then make an emergency take-off.” 
Before Wesker had even reached the bridge, the engines had been fired up, the hangar doors opened fully and away they sped. They were just starting to clear Tyros atmosphere when Wesker arrived on the bridge and took his command seat position.
An officer then asked him, “What are you orders, sir?” 
Wesker replied, “Set a course for the Nacratic asteroid fields. Once we are in there, we will be safe. The Solarans would never risk an engagement; it’s hard enough surviving in there without having to fight a battle at the same time. Start to make contact with as many of our ships as you can that we have retained control of. Order them to meet us there so that they will be able to provide me close personnel protection. As for our forces in the outer systems, tell them to survive as best they can, even if it means making alliances with local pirates… rubbish of the Galaxy. Still, needs must when the Devil drives. Oh, and make sure they obtain a fifty percent proceeds deal for any booty they obtain. We have to start amassing a war chest so that we can start paying black marketers for our essential supplies.” 
Another officer then said, “We have just cleared the atmosphere, sir.” 
Wesker replied, “Now crash dive into Translight speed.” 
The ship then sped off with Wesker slumped in the chair, breathing a sigh of relief in the knowledge that he had assured his immediate survival. Thinking to himself. Another time Guardian, another place. I will have your head. 
Wesker, Wesker always comes out best
He made his escape unlike most of the rest
With the luck of the devil
And as slippery as an eel
No-one seems able to catch him
With his kind of zeal.
Now let loose on the Galaxy
He will wreak havoc
On all that he sees
Weaving his web of destruction and deceit
No one will be safe 
Until he is tamed.
Wiped from the Galaxy.
Now in the aftermath after the fall of Tarakhan, on the now quiet battlefield. General Marek and the little old man lay side by side in the early morning mist of the Ponroy Forest, there with their comrades in arms. Like babes in the wood, in an eternal sleep. Fallen in battle, but not forgotten. At least they had died with their guns in their hands, facing the enemy. That was better, it seemed than some of their countrymen, themselves shot in the back as they threw down their own weapons and ran. 
An ancient warrior class had founded the Republic, so many years ago. These were the Agori, General Marek and his men had done them proud. Now in the ancient language Tarakhan translated to “Enchanted World”, while Ponroy meant “little people”. 
Back as far as oral and written history could go, there had always been tales of little people. Apparently, they lived deep underground, and like Brigadoon, only emerged once every one hundred years, never to be seen, moving in the shadows at lightning speed. 
These mystical creatures could see into future, had very advanced science, and were able to perform amazing medical miracles, what we would call Molecular reconstruction. Now to say they were obsessed with gold would be an understatement, they lived for it. Stealing it off anyone who ventured into the forest. They would spray a micky fin knock out spray on their unsuspecting victims. Then rob them of all their gold rings and jewelry. In one very well documented case they even extracted the gold fillings out of one poor souls’ mouth. Now to be fair they had not always been thieves, originally, they had been gold miners. Only resorting to theft after the Hellertron settlers arrived, as they began to mine the best seams, making the little people redundant. The police laid traps to try and catch them but to no avail, the cheeky little monkeys just taunted them by saying. You can’t catch us, were too quick for you, your no match for us, you silly fools. They were not due to emerge for another fifty years, but had been woken from their slumber by the shock waves from the heavy artillery shells. On emerging they were confronted with a scene of utter devastation and carnage. A group of them had gathered around General Marek, one whispered.
“Your evil enemies will only have one bad day, but that bad day is close at hand. And on that day their whole empire will collapse around them like a pack of cards into the sinking sands.”
Another small group had gathered around the boy of no more than fifteen years old, he was holding a picture of his parents. Scrawled on the back were the words “Tell them I love them.” He was the boy who had pleaded with his parents to let him fight.
 Then almost instinctively the boys index finger moved, and pointed. The little people were astounded, they moved at haste the boy to their underground lair, where at once they set about repairing his broken body. A miracle on that tragic day. Soon he was covered in a gel of luminous green, then they moved him to a cave on the surface There he would remain for three weeks, time to give him the opportunity to recover. Over those weeks the gel would liquefy, then dissolve away. On departure one little person said. “When next we rise on mid summers day in 50 years’ time, don’t forget what we did for you and don’t forget to pay your dues.” The entrance to the cave was then covered with branches to keep out predators and Kayton foot patrols.
By the time the teenage boy woke the war was over. Momentarily unsure where he was, he noticed the surprising sound of birdsong as he emerged from the cave in which the little people had placed him.  As the truth filtered into his head, he wasted no time seeking a means of transport to take him back to his parents. He thumbed lifts, he walked. And then the dirt track to his home appeared, and there was his father, working outside as always.
A call, and his mother was there too. The three embraced, the father repeating over and over “We never gave up hope,” as though these words could cover all the emotion pouring from him. Soon these words changed to “I thought it was important, I thought it was very important, we could find no trace of you. We even scoured the records of the Kayton field hospitals and prisoner of war camps, but to no avail” 
“We missed you so much,” his father added his own feelings. “We searched the Ponroy Forests for day after day. But there was not a sign of you.”
“The little people found me,” the boy replied. “They saved my life. They hid me until I recovered. And then when I emerged, the war was over.”
“It’s a miracle,” whispered the mother.
“You left us a boy and returned a man,” said his father, pride glowing in his eyes. 
“Your room is exactly how you left it,” said his mother, hugging the boy once more. “A mess!”
They laughed and prepared for a night of thanks and celebration. 
Many years later after he had spent his adult life working, raising a family and representing his district in congress, the fiftieth anniversary of the end of the war approached. That day of celebration would also mark his retirement. By then, memories would fade, as they do, and the man would even wonder whether the little people had ever existed, maybe his recollections had been induced by his trauma. He considered how his fortunes had changed. To have lived a good life and die well. That is all that can be asked of anyone, he reflected. But if like me you should have unexpectedly been given that impossible dream – a second chance in life – then I implore you to grab it with both hands, he thought. That would be the message he would offer to anyone who asked his advice. Grab the bull by the horns, wrestle it to the ground and hold on to it as though your very existence depends on it. Live every moment to its maximum effect. If you do all this, and more, you will indeed be a proud and worthy citizen of the Republic.
On that fateful day he wanted some time on his own, as he wandered into the Ponroy Forest to commemorate his fallen comrades and to give thanks to the little people and of course pay his dues.  In his pocket rested a small pot of perfectly formed golden coins each of twenty four carats.
He laid down the pot, where he had fallen all those years ago, feeling almost silly, yet somehow proud. He could not know that the little people were waiting in the shadows, rubbing their hands with glee. On departing the forest one woman was scolding her husband for losing a gold chain. She said. “You will be telling me next that the little people have taken it.” As she gave him a good clip around the ears, just for good measure. At the end of the day deep underground the little people drank into the early hours. Swinging from the chandeliers and making merry, one little one was sharing out the coins with his not so bright accomplice. He said. “Two for me and one for you, Four for me and two for you. As his partner in crime just looked on in amazement as the unfair divide unfolded. After the night’s merriment had abated, they all collectively staggered somewhat drunkenly to their hibernation pods. Their civilization stretched as far back as the Great Kultarn. They may have been small in size, but in wisdom they were giants among men. As they entered their pods they sang in unison.
Yo ho ho ho
It’s a miner’s life for me.
We dig the dirt
To get the gold
And pile it up
Until it’s sold.
Yo ho ho ho
It’s a miner’s life for me.

Twenty-seven

Now how did we escape the clutches of Tyros, Crixas and I with our little band of men, had made our way out of the former Drone Command Bunker. “Protect the Guardian, watch out for snipers,” Crixas said as we left the command bunker. Yes, that made me think that was how the French got Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar. Shot by a sniper from a French ship’s crows’ nest. 
 As we emerged into the Citadel proper, Crixas formed his men into an outer and inner defence perimeter with us positioned in the middle. It was all a very different scene that confronted us from when we had first entered the Citadel complex. Buildings were partially demolished with blast-charred, damaged walls and many dead from both sides littering the battlefield. Even the artificial sky was no more. All that was left was the white light from the emergency backup system. 
“Here they come!” A voice was heard, as a large force of Kayton soldiers approached, clearly intent on revenge. Crixas sat me down with my back against a wall, then placed a pistol in my hand, my arms fully stretched. “Any break through, you know what to do,” he said. He turned to his own men.
“Right men, adopt defensive posture. Alpha…beta…omega.”
They knew exactly what that meant. Every second man took two steps forwards, saying “Alpha.” The ones to their left and rights took a single step. 
“Beta…”
“Omega…”
Then, in unison…
“Blades out.”
As it turned out, they were just in time.
“Take no prisoners,” shouted another voice.
I could not but admire the formation they had adopted. It reminded me of the aerial photos of the dragon’s teeth on the German Siegfried defensive line. The interlocking nature of the triangular defensive line. Alpha funneled the opposition onto Beta and Omega. 
The Kaytons could only have been service and supply troops. They were no match for Crixas battle hardened men. It was all over very quickly, not one of them broke through. 
Meanwhile, the big guy was killing Kaytons with just a single swing of his fist. Just reminded me of a grizzly bear, one crack, and they were down and out. I even saw him grab one man with each hand and then smash their heads together, he then tossed the pair of them away like a pair of rag dolls. I could see first-hand just how he had earned the reputation as the best fighter in the group.
Never in all my living days had I born witness to such a one sided battle.
To the sound of cheers Crixas extended his hand towards me: “Come on, John, let’s go home.”
What a site confronted me as we exited the Citadel, Transports landing and taking off. With thousands of men some of them with terrible wounds waiting to be evacuated.
I noticed the guard who had allowed us entry into the Citadel was lying dead, slumped over his pass verification system. It looked like he had also been knifed in the back like Drakos, I suppose you could say he had died at his post, doing his duty.
My eyes were drawn to one young man who was lying on a stretcher badly wounded. An older man said to him, “Hang on son, you’re going home.”
In response he managed to crack a smile, despite his perilous position. All around me I could sense people were whispering. I heard someone say that’s the Guardian, as people nodded or bowed their heads as they passed me. Crixas spoke to one of the other officers:
“Who’s in charge?”
“No-one.”
“I am Captain Crixas, of the 8th Attack Division; latterly head of the Uncle PAPA resistance group, operating from Sialanor in Foronda province.” He paused. “I am now assuming operational command. Get men on those anti-aircraft batteries to cover our evacuation. And, get those four beacons down’
The officer accepted Crixas command. “Yes sir, right away.”
What a price those men had paid to gain their freedom! I remembered what Commander Vadoran had told me about the Kayton Empire imploding from within, but I think what he failed to tell me was that it would be these freemen who would be doing most of the fighting. In effect, they would be doing most of the Solarans’ and Hellertrons’ dirty work for them with minimum losses to themselves. Still, I suppose that’s war for you – very indiscriminate and never very fair to those caught up in it. 
As we boarded our Transport I took one last look back and said to myself, good riddance to bad rubbish but it was also now time to start looking forward, not back, and to begin contemplating the future. After taking our seats, we were soon away, the prefight preliminaries not taking long. I thought, oh it can move fast for a Transport ship. Looking out of the port hole, as we cleared the atmosphere I could see dozens of other ships making the same journey as ourselves. This scene must have been playing itself out throughout the former Kayton empire… millions of people in thousands of ships, all endeavouring to make their way back to their respective home planets, to be reunited with their loved ones. 
Kev then spoke to me. “John, we have now cleared the Transdamping barrier. I can now Transport you again as normal.” 
“Thank you, Kev,” I replied, “but I am going to make the journey to Tau Seti and make sure these guys make it home safely.” They had given everything for me, this was the least I could do for them. 
Then we made the jump to Translight speed. Oh, what a sight it was as I sat back and literally watched the Stars go by in quick succession, at last we were on our way. How glad I was to be off that hell that was called Tyros, but I would retain memories of my experiences that of course I would never forget for the rest of my life. I must have eventually nodded off, as Crixas ever so gently woke me up, my eyes opened and we smiled at each other. But I could tell from the look on his face he had something important to ask me, I just knew it. 
“John,” he said, “there is a young man on board who has been badly wounded. He knows he hasn’t much time left and that he will not make it back to Tau Seti. He is aware you are on board and is asking if he can speak with you. I know it is a big ask; I can tell from the expression on your face that you have seen and experienced enough death and destruction to last you a lifetime. But if you could find it in your heart to speak with him, even for a short while, we would all be eternally grateful to you.” 
“Of course,” I agreed, leaving my seat and making my way with Crixas to the makeshift sick bay. 
We approached the young man very slowly. What on earth was I going to say to him? 
Crixas said to the young man, “This is John.” 
Then I remembered how Kronos had interacted with the crew of the ship on New Canada. I took a leaf out of his book and said, “What is your name, young man? And what part of Tau Seti are you from?” 
He smiled. “My name is Nostaw. I am from the town of Beck Tovar in the province of Ander mar. Before I die, I want to meet one of the men who freed my people from slavery.” 
“No,” I replied. “I won’t hear of such talk. We will have you back on Tau Seti and better before you know it.” 
He gave me a cheeky look. “Now John, I will not take those well-meaning lies even from you, a Guardian. I was in the resistance on Tau Seti and on the team that assassinated the Kayton Governor of our planet. We made them so fearful that they were afraid to go to sleep at night for fear they would never wake up. They would look underneath their beds every night just to make sure a bomb had not been planted.” 
I said “I had only been on Sontral for a very short time but I had been told about that assassination and how the Kaytons were living in fear of your people. You acted as a beacon to all the other resistance movements in the Galaxy fighting the Kaytons.” 
“The Solarans supplied us with weapons, ammunitions and medical supplies,” Nostaw replied. They also sent us a liaison officer called Marcus, who fought side by side with us against the Kaytons. He was a very brave and fearless man, but he was also a man of very deep faith. He used to tell us stories around the camp fire at night. He told us all about the Solaran Commonwealth and how he hoped all planets like ours would join and work together in peace once the war was over. He also told us fantastic stories about the great Kultarn, who were the custodians of the Galaxy thousands of years ago and about the ancient Kultarn Prophecies. Marcus, who had been an archaeologist before the war, had seen certain texts that had not been seen by the general public. He said that in his opinion, the prophecies clearly stated the forces of good would fight in a war against evil. The forces of good would go low, almost to the bottom and virtually to the point of defeat. Then, very shortly after the arrival of a second Guardian, the Kultarn miracle would occur. Sadly, Marcus was killed in the operation that resulted in the capture of most of my group. He like so many others did not live to see his prediction come true, but how right he was. Thank you, John.” 
“I think you and your people have been far braver than I and deserve the credit,” I told him. “I just happened to be in the wright place at the wright time when I was chosen to be a Guardian, but I can tell you I was glad to be by your people’s side throughout.” 
“Now John,” Nostaw replied, “I have a very big favour to ask you.” 
“Go on then,” I said, “you have talked me into it.” 
He produced a letter and pushed it into my left hand. “Give this letter to my family on Tau Seti, but not now while emotions are still raw. Say in one year’s time, when the edge may have been taken off the hurt and pain. Will you do this one thing for me, please John?” 
“Of course. I regard it as an honour and a privilege that you trust me with something so important.” 
“Thank you.” 
As he grabbed my right hand very tightly, he continued. “I feel terrible guilt for the reprisals the Kaytons inflicted on my people. In retaliation for me and my colleagues assassinating the Kayton governor.” I replied. “I won’t hear of such talk, what about the set of events that I helped set in motion. That have resulted in perhaps millions of people being killed, by that reasoning I am far guiltier than you.” “Give us both a penance,” Nostaw said. I replied. “You want me to give you a penance, then I am going to ask of you the same as I am going to ask of myself, that is forgive your enemies.” “Oh, you are asking a lot John,” “I’m a Guardian that’s my job.” He smiled and said yes to my request, then we just looked at each other for what seemed an age as his grip on my hand and on life ever so slowly loosened and gradually slipped away, until they were no more. After which I just sat there, staring into the void, not knowing what to think or say until sometime later when Crixas informed me they had been in touch with a Solaran battle carrier that was on our flight path. They had given us permission to board as they possessed the best available off-planet medical facilities and were only too willing to help relieve our plight as the Transport carried only limited medical facilities. 
I arrived on the bridge just as we were coming out of Translight speed. Immediately on the screen in front of us was the Solaran battle carrier, Antilles, with a battle cruiser escort. I had seen both types of ships on Sontral on the flypast that had been staged for me at the Prime Minister’s residence, but I was still taken aback by their sheer size compared to our comparatively small Transport ship. After permission was given to board, we passed through an invisible force field and touched down on one of the internal flight decks. Medical teams were on standby to immediately rush the badly injured to the hospital facilities, leaving the walking wounded like myself to make our way there under our own steam. 
My comparatively minor wound was attended to by a medic who applied what I would call a patch bandage. He said it would be fully healed in seven to ten days. As I sat there, I realised just how lucky I had been. The Captain then introduced himself. During a subsequent conversation with him, I informed him of the sad loss of Kronos and Adema on Tyros and he said he would personally convey the terrible news to Sontral. The Doctor in charge then gave me and Crixas an update on the medical situation concerning the wounded. After discussing the Vogarans’ needs, it was agreed that the more seriously wounded would be kept on the carrier until they could be transferred by hospital ships to the nearest available planet for more specialist care. As for the ones that were not going to make it, they would be put into stasis and allowed to go back on the Transport. As Crixas said, if they were going to die, it would be back home on Tau Seti with their families and loved ones at their side. 
After that very painful conversation, we all made our way back to the flight deck in silence. On entering the flight deck proper, the crew of the carrier had been gathering around the edges of the flight deck as well as on the balconies above. As soon as we were spotted, a huge cheering roar erupted from all the crew members. 
I gestured to Crixas and the others and shouted, “These are the men, along with millions of others like them, who brought the Kaytons down. Don’t ever forget that.” 
Then there was complete silence as one by one in single file, the men who had been put into stasis filed past us on what I can best describe as hospital beds with see-through Perspex screens covering them. Each one was being pushed by a white-uniformed medical orderly. The beds themselves were utilising the same anti-gravity technology I had witnessed before on New Canada and Tyros. As they passed us, we bowed our heads in silence as a mark of respect. You could still see the men’s faces as they went by, but within the confines of the enclosed spaces of their beds you could see a silvery damp mist swirling around. This was what must have been keeping them in suspended animation. 
Once the last of these brave men was loaded on to the Transport for the long journey home to Tau Seti, I started to make my way on board, only to be abruptly stopped in my tracks by Crixas. 
“And where do you think you are going, Guardian John?” he demanded.
Stunned, I replied, “Well, I’m making my way back on board.” 
“No, John,” Crixas said, “your fate now lies along a different path to ours. You have done all that has been asked of you and more. Now you must return to your loved ones on your home world the same as we must return to our loved ones on Tau Seti.” 
“Are you absolutely sure?” I asked.
“Yes, we are all in agreement.” 
One by one, I said goodbye to my little band of heroes to whom I owed my very life. On reaching the big guy, I looked up and said, “Goodbye, big Fella.” 
He looked down on me and amazingly, in a slow but measured voice, replied, “Goodbye, John.” Then, with a grin on his face he gave me a huge hug… like a grizzly bear, he wrapped his arms around my mortal coil of a body, completely enveloping me in his overpowering grip. 
After I was released, I turned to Crixas and embraced him. “Goodbye, my dear friend and thanks again to all of you for saving my life back there on Tyros.” 
Looking me straight in the eye, he replied, “No, John, thank you for freeing us from slavery and the unspeakable horrors we were forced to commit in the name of the Kaytons.” 
“I promise I will come and visit you all on Tau Seti once you are well on the road to recovery,” I told him. “And of course, I have a promise to keep to a certain young man.” 
“And you will be most welcome by my people and our leaders who will be looking forward to that day,” Crixas replied. “Of course, we have a lot of reconstruction ahead of us but at least we can move forward now. The Kaytons arrived on Tau Seti not long after the arrival in the sky of the comet Kahooteck, the appearance of which in our history has always been a sign of bad things to follow. Yes, those Kaytons attacked us after travelling halfway across the Galaxy in their smart uniforms and shiny boots. They thought we were going to be a pushover but we turned Tau Seti into the graveyard of the Kayton army. Let that be a warning to any other powers who have designs of conquest on us. They called us savages because we fought so hard for the planet we loved, as I’m sure, John, you fought with the same sentiment to protect your home planet.” 
How right he was in that last part of his statement, but of course I could not tell him just how close to the truth he was. “Yes,” I agreed, “you and your people have won a great victory today but don’t become belligerent or inward-looking in your outlook. I know of a place where a great war was fought but because no proper institutions were set up after hostilities ended to ensure peace, another great war broke out just over twenty years later. Only after the successful conclusion of that war did people come together to ensure no major conflict occurred again. Don’t let all the sacrifices be for nothing, don’t let it all end in another war in a few years’ time. Work with the Solarans and the Hellertrons to ensure a lasting peace, remember you cannot live by hate alone.” 
“I will convey your words to my leaders and hope they will draw the appropriate conclusions from them,” Crixas replied. “I look forward to seeing you in the near future.” 
I wished them all well and a safe journey and waved them goodbye as I watched them board the Transport, leaving them to conclude their long journey home. As for me, it was time to decide my next move. I asked the captain if any of his ships were making the journey back to Sontral. He told me one of his battle cruisers was making the journey back to Sontral for repairs after sustaining battle damage. It would take three days to make the trip. I asked if I could travel back with them. I knew I could have Transported myself but I wanted time to adjust and come to terms with what had happened. Of course, the captain readily agreed and soon I, too, was on my way after I had bid the crew goodbye and thanked them for all their help. 
And yes, one year to the day after the war ended. I kept my promise and visited Tau Seti. Amid intense security. All Vogaran and Solaran forces were on full battle alert for the duration of my three day visit. My two close protection officers Tarack and Massana were with me at all times, they did not smile or talk much. I nick named them Billy no mates and Johnny no friends, only kidding. I really appreciated how they looked after me, they made sure no one got too close to me, unless they were meant to. Reunited with my friends, all were now prospering in their civilian lives, only Crixas had remained in the army, occupying a senior position in their defense forces, as a member of the General staff. In a solemn ceremony, the State President and I laid wreaths at the monument to the fallen heroes. All the war dead were awarded the Order of the Verungen Vaffell, the Vogaran’s highest award for bravery. 
I managed to keep my promise to that brave young man, Nostaw I held a private audience with his parents, and handed over the precious letter I had saved and guarded so securely for the last year. I told them it had been an honor and a privilege to have known him.
Like all the fallen, he was the bravest of the brave.)

Twenty-eight

On Sontral, everyone was in jubilant mood. The war was now over and the lockdown of the S.I.S. Command Centre had been lifted, much to the relief of the Hellertron Ambassador, who immediately took the opportunity to make his way back to his Embassy to find out through his own communications system how things were going in the Hellertron sector of the battle front. After all the trials and tribulations, he now realized just how insignificant his people and his Empire were. In comparison, that is, to the new Galactic Super Power, the Solarans. Even though good had won the day, he now knew the Hellertron Empire would never reach the heights it once had.
The Solaran broadcast network had informed the people the Prime Minister would make a live statement later that evening to the whole of the Solaran Commonwealth. Celebrations had already broken out in the streets, as the Prime Minister had promised during his speech in parliament, with strangers kissing and hugging each other in ecstatic scenes of joy, all of them so very grateful the war was now over. 
This was the mood prevailing in the command centre. Of course, Freema was apprehensive as she was still waiting for news about John to feed through. Then, like a bolt from the blue, a message was received by one of the operators from the battle carrier Antilles, after which she raised her hand for the supervisor to come over. The message was printed out and the supervisor told the operator not to say a word to anyone else as she passed on the message to Commander Vadoran. He in turn reported to the Prime Minister who, in sombre mood, made his way over to the front of the upstairs balcony.
“Please could I have everyone’s attention,” he began, “as I have an important statement to make to you all. A moment ago, I was handed a priority communication from the battle carrier, Antilles. The first thing I have to say is that John is all right. He has only been superficially wounded, he will make a full recovery. But I have to tell you all now, it has been confirmed that Kronos and Adema were killed during the assault on the Drone Command Bunker.” 
Screams of anguish and horror rang out from around the room. Some could not control their emotions of despair; others, like Horace, just sat there impassively with tears rolling down their cheeks, thinking what a price had been paid to attain victory. 
The Prime Minister continued, “This is the saddest news I have ever had to announce but I won’t let their memory fade. I know it was a passion of Kronos to get other powers like the Hellertrons to join the Commonwealth and to this end I will take up the baton and work towards the fulfilment of his dream, thereby creating a lasting legacy we can all be proud of. Now, if you will excuse me, I would like time on my own to come to terms with the fact that I have lost two very good friends.” 
Such was the anguish that pervaded the command centre, most people could not even speak, they were so traumatized. Not so Commander Vadoran, who was his usual hard, uncompromising self. He was heard saying, “What is life? Life is the Solaran Commonwealth. The individual must die anyway. Beyond the life of the individual is the maintenance and expansion of the Solaran Commonwealth, of that there can be no other, Man recovers very quickly.” With that, he made his way over to his operators to do what he did best, direct his agents and resistance movements in the field so as to bring a quick and successful conclusion to hostilities. 
So, came to an end what were known as the Drone Wars. The war that should never have been. The lesson had been learned; when decent people do nothing, bad things happen. When good men act on injustice, good will win. I think would be a bad day indeed, if good men could not prevail against evil.
As for me, I was on route to Sontral aboard the Battle Cruiser, Redoubt. At least my three-day journey gave me time to reflect and come to terms with what had happened. I spoke to Freema at least twice a day. How good it was to hear her voice again, knowing we would soon be reunited. I spent a lot of time sitting in the observation deck in silence for hours on end, just watching the stars fly by. It made you realise just how small we all are in the big scheme of things. It made me think of the time when I was a teenager, working at Lewis’s department store in Leeds city centre. The boilerman, Alf, who taught me how to play cribbage in my dinner hour, told me the older you get, the faster time passes. At the time I did not believe him, I took no notice, but now I thought to myself how right he was. During the war he had served in the Royal Navy, like my mother’s brother, Bill, in the far east. 
Luckily, Alf came through the experience unharmed, unlike my Uncle Bill who was killed on the Atlantic convoys keeping England supplied with food and raw materials to carry on the fight against Germany. Alf told me once that his ship had been attacked by Japanese suicide planes. The ship survived but, unbelievably, one of the planes did not press home its attack and turned back. Of course, the ship’s crew was relieved, but Alf always wondered what happened to the pilot, because he would have been disgraced if he had gone back to Japan. It just goes to show that by that late stage of the war, at least some of the Japanese armed forces were not prepared to fight to the last man any more in a war they knew was already lost. Events seem to bear this assumption out; the very last invasion was Okinawa on 1st of April 1945. After bitter fighting which included mass suicide attacks by Japanese planes on the American fleets, hostilities came to an end on June 22st. The one good thing that came out of the operation was the Japanese land forces were starting to surrender in large numbers. That is not to say invading Japan proper would have been an easy undertaking. I am sure you have seen the old news reels of the Japanese civilians, including old men women and children doing their battle drill with the long bamboo speers. The Japanese high command strategy seems to have been to hit the Americans on the beaches with everything they had. In the hope of pushing them back into the sea. Losses would have been horrific on both sides, with the Americans predicting a million casualties for their forces alone. There was no guarantee the atom bomb would be ready in time, or even work. Initially they were pinning their hopes on the four engine B-29 Super Fortress strategical bomber to bring Japan to its knees. Forcing them to surrender without the need for a costly ground invasion, which was scheduled for November 1945. But with it being at the cutting edge of technology it was beset with teething problems. It killed one of Boing best test pilots, Eddie Allen and his crew, as well as a number of civilians on the ground in Seattle on 18th of February 1943. It was the most expensive weapons programme of the war, costing three billion dollars. As opposed to the atom bomb project which came in at two billion dollars. It just goes to show if you throw enough money at a project like the moon programme of the 1960s, it can be made to work. Although initially bombing results were poor until the commander of the strategical bomber force, General Curtis Le May changed tactics in March 1945. Knowing that most houses in Japan were built of wood, he ordered low level incendiary bomb attacks to be mounted at night. The tactic worked, as one by one Japanese cities along with their industries were systematically levelled to the ground. But still there was no sign of surrender, only after the dropping of the two atom bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which president Truman had authorised, did Japan budge. Even then the war cabinet was split down the middle, three wanted to surrender, the other three wanted to fight on. The Emperor Hirohito had the casting vote, he was promised by the allies that he would be able to continue as a constitutional monarch like Britain. If he accepted unconditional surrender, very wisely he accepted, he was also promised that no member of the royal family would be investigated or prosecuted for war crimes. I think it is also worth mentioning that Russia declared war on Japan on 8th August. And immediately invaded Manchuria, I think this played a major part in their decision to throw the towel in on the 15th of August. The Russians routed the flower of the Japanese army, and made deep advances into China. Another reason for dropping the atom bombs is the Japanese high command had ordered the execution of all allied prisoners of war by early September 1945.       
In 1947 my father joined the Dutch Marines, he was posted to the Dutch East Indies. A distant relative had been a teacher there, but nothing had been heard from him since the Japanese occupied the islands in early 1942. So, my father was given the unenviable task of finding out what had become of him. After much detective work, he discovered that he had died in 1944, another victim of the mistreatment meted out by the Japanese invading forces on civilian and military personnel alike.
Now at least this part of my journey was over as we entered the orbit of Sontral. After thanking the captain and the crew for having me, I bade them farewell and then Transported myself to the Prime Minister’s living room, so I was finishing up virtually where I had started just over a week ago. 
As I stepped out of the portal, Freema was of course waiting for me. She ran over to me and we embraced so tightly… oh, how I had longed for that moment. I told her about Earth and how much I hoped she would make a new life with me there. After we had talked for a while, we were joined by the Prime Minister and Commander Vadoran. 
They both greeted me, one more warmly than the other. I’m sure you can guess which was which, the Prime Minister then said, “I cannot even begin to comprehend what you went through on Tyros and of course, the sad loss of Kronos and Adema you witnessed first-hand. All I can do is thank you on behalf of the Solaran people for the service you gave and for your contribution to ending the war. Now, one very important piece of information I can give you is that Earth is definitely safe. Commander Vadoran has made discreet enquiries. The Kayton battle squadron was twenty-two hours away from Earth when the rebellion started. The former Drone crews overpowered the Kaytons on every ship and used the vessels to make their way back to their own home planets.” 
“Well,” I replied, “that takes a weight off my mind but I can’t help but think how many of those former Drones who I now call freemen were killed in the process of overthrowing the Kaytons.” 
“I don’t think we will ever know for sure just how many good people were lost, it must certainly run into the millions” the Prime Minister replied, “but we certainly owe them all a great debt of gratitude.” 
“But what a terrible price had to be paid,” I replied. 
“Yes,” Commander Vadoran said, “but you got what you wanted and we got what we wanted so it was a win win result for both of us. The means clearly justified the end. Think what would have happened if the Kaytons and their crew had won the war.” 
The Prime Minister then interceded. “Now is the time to look forward to the massive job of reconstruction and building a lasting peace that will stand the test of time. As for you, John, I assume you will be heading back to Earth. All I ask from you before you leave is to attend a thanksgiving memorial service in our main cathedral tomorrow. Now, the surviving Kayton leadership is offering unlimited amounts of money for the location of your home planet. But they don’t know where to start; they have nothing to go on. I have discussed the situation at length with Commander Vadoran and we are in agreement that it would be unwise for us to station forces in Earth solar system. It would only attract unwanted attention. Better to just leave things as they are and leave you and Freema to live in anonymity.” 
Just before I left Sontral I had my only private conversation with the Prime Minister. He confided in me sometimes especially towards the end, he wondered just how much longer he could continue. 
“I envy you Guardian John,” he said. “To be able to live a normal life in anonymity. You do not have the burden of Office I have to bear. Of maintaining peace and increasing prosperity for all.
For life is the light
That shines ever so bright
Illuminating the Galaxy
In an incandescent glow
That can never be extinguished
By any foe.
For the darkness is gone,
Never to return
Banished, vanquished forever
Into the emptiness of space.
For I am the light.
And you are the light
We are all now the light
In this our ever expanding Galaxy of life.
I agreed to attend a service of thanksgiving before we left, and what a sight greeted us in Sontral’s largest cathedral, as we give thanks that the war was finally over. Every church bell in the Solaran Commonwealth rang out as everyone gave thanks. The Prime Minister gave the main reading. An extract from it reads: “Remember the fallen, for they are no longer here to share in the freedoms we all hold so dear. Remember the laughter and the joy they gave us. Remember the sacrifice they made on our behalf. And we remember them best by saying never again, never ever again.” Days later a victory parade was held, it was a chance for the Solaran people to say thank you. For the armed forces it acted as a means of closure. On the podium, the Prime Minister was flanked on one side by Commander Vadoran, and on the other by General Siliax. Of course, the first two were the architects of the victory. The Prime Minister had secretly provided unlimited money and resources with which Commander Vadoran could deliver a war winning operation. Although General Siliax had played his part, by holding on until the Kultarn miracle came to pass.
The Prime Minister placed his hands over his ears in an attempt to drown out the noise of the Super Battle Carrier Agamemnon, known affectionately to her crew as the Big A, as it passed overhead. The flagship carrier had contested fifteen of the twenty-two major battles of the conflict. Accompanying her were the highest surviving fighter aces, each with over 100 kills to their name. They bore the names Shadow Man, Widow Maker, Widespread, Death, Whistling Death and Ice man to name but a few. 
At ground level, the parade was headed by the 1st Shock Division, premier unit of the Solarans army. Only those already decorated in battle could apply to join this elite unit, one that had proved a match for even the Kayton’s mighty First Strike Division. They had clashed on more than one occasion, and casualties had always been heavy on both sides. But the Solaran division had never given ground to its Kayton counterpart.  
The Division was armed with the latest armaments, including the recently developed Barragan machine pistol, which gave them a definite advantage in close quarter hand to hand fighting. Yes, the Commonwealth was saved by its people.
Indeed, something the Kayton’s could never understand was the deep patriotism of the Solaran people and their determination to fight on. And even though they could not win outright in open battle. They at least held on long enough for the Kultarn miracle to come to pass. Yes it really was honor to the Solaran armed forces and people.
When the day of remembrance came to an end and after saying goodbye to everyone, it was time for me to return to Earth. Commander Vadoran himself would take Freema to Earth in a small scout ship under the utmost secrecy. 
After saying my goodbyes on Sontral, Commander Vadoran was the only one who never offered to shake hands. Even if he had, as with Wesker on New Canada, I would have refused. To him, lives are expendable. Collateral damage, acceptable losses in his own big scheme of things. When he was a youngster I could just imagine him as the playground bully. Taking the other kids’ sweets. Stealing their pocket money. I bet his favorite hobby was pulling the wings off flies, then sending them to fight in a miniature boxing ring. Look at him now – head of S.I.S. – sis as I prefer to call it. He likes to be the big sister to keep us all in line. It sends a shiver down my spine just thinking about it.  
“Well, Raggedy man, what a pair we are,” I said to him. He was not amused. The voodoo pins were making my back ache, I’m sure it’s got worse since I had the misfortune to meet him.
The Solarans still maintained a large professional army, but over the next few months the conscripts were demobilised and returned to their home worlds to resume their former pre-war lives. The scenes of happiness and joy were indescribable as families were reunited again after being parted for so long.
Legislation was soon passed so that everyone in the Galaxy could enjoy the fruits of peace. It was very similar to the G.I. Bill and the Marshall Plan that the United States enacted which rebuilt Europe after World War Two. All service personnel returning home from the war had their training paid for, whether it was to become a lawyer or a plumber, the state would foot the bill. All that was asked in return was that they work for one to three years on government contracts on one of the former planets occupied by the Kaytons, so as to help in their reconstruction. Their other equivalents were the VAPS and the GRIP. These were the Veterans ‘Act Priority Service and Galactic Recovery Intervention Programme. They were overwhelmingly approved with no opposition in parliament.
 As for those planets themselves, if they put up half the money for a project like a new factory or a housing complex, the Solarans would put up the other half of the money. In this way, the Galaxy was soon on the road to full recovery with everyone working together for a common purpose. 
It was astonishing what the Kayton armed forces had achieved, considering their small initial size. Of course, it was due to the use of Drone Technology – more correctly, slavery – which gave them their meteoric rise to galactic domination. If Mr. Churchill was alive, I’m sure he would rework one of his more famous speeches: “Never before can so much be blamed by so many on so few.”
Now remember our Second Lieutenant from Ganeymon on the Keltar battle front? He had now been discharged from the army. He was from Sontral and had only just qualified as a lawyer when he was called up. After the war his original intention had been to get a job with one of the big law firms on Sontral, but of course he still had one more promise to keep. He had made the long journey to one of the outer systems. It was not like one of the big cities he had been used to on Sontral. I think you could best describe it as the equivalent of a small mid-western town in America. It was right on the edge of the Solaran Commonwealth real frontier country. 
After the shuttle had dropped him off, he booked himself into a hotel. On enquiring, he was told they did not have a lawyer in town; the residents had to travel to the nearest big city to see a lawyer. He duly noted this fact, next, he had a certain young lady to meet at her parents’ home where she still lived. Yes, he was keeping the promise he had made to that unknown soldier to return his journals and private possessions to his girlfriend. He had been in touch by email, so he was expected.
As he approached the bungalow his eyes were drawn to the dance of the fire flies of Nirax, as they illuminated the sky with their fiery fluorescent yellowy glow. Their endless whispering chit chat broke the eerie silence of the night
 How apprehensive he was as he walked along the garden path to the front door and rang the bell. But he had no need to be. Otterley answered the door and after giving him a big smile, invited him in to meet her family. She was even more beautiful than he imagined; the photo he had recovered did not do her justice. 
But now I think we should leave it there, as it was their private moment. But you never know, one day there may be a story to tell. Who knows? Oh, but I will tell you our Second Lieutenant’s name… it is Marinas. On the former secret weapons test facility on Tyros, those poor horses that had been used for target practice, were so traumatised. The Solarans had to bring in a horse whisperer in to nurse them back to something at least resembling normalcy. Many months later while playing volley ball on the beach, one of his colleagues shouted, hey your girl friends are here. As a herd approached, one of the mares, now with a foul following close behind came wright up to the horse whisperer who in turn stroked her as he said. “I see you have all done well for yourselves, now be off with you, run like the wind and most of all run free. as he bid them far well on their journey of life.”    

Twenty-nine

Now one year had passed and deep within the Nacratic asteroid fields, a small scout ship was navigating its way through the many obstacles. T.A.G.S. that is Totally Automated Guidance System, really came into its own in this sort of environment. The little ship weaved and wound its way around the many asteroids that confronted them with increasing regularity. It was the densest part of the asteroid fields so there was less chance of running into a Solarian or Hellertron Patrol. But you had to be a top-notch pilot to navigate in these sorts of conditions. It was fascinating to witness how when two asteroids collided they bounced off each other and then continued their journey in completely the opposite directions to which they were travelling before.
After one near miss, the Captain of the ship said “Oh, that was close! Are we nearly there yet?” The chief passenger, shall we call him Mister D for now replied.
 “Calm down, it’s only an asteroid, I thought you were a hot shot fighter ace. You were at the battle of Zelar, weren’t you? One of only two fighter pilots to shoot down five enemy fighters in one day; you are one of the highest surviving aces; your tally by the war’s end was one hundred and four confirmed kills. The Kayton fighter pilots used to say of you, ‘watch out, watch out, the widespread death is about.’”
“Yes,” the Captain said, “and I would like to live long enough to tell my grandchildren.” 
“Oh, don’t worry,” replied Mister D, “you’re going to be well rewarded for today’s work. With your share of the money you will be able to buy your own freight company instead of running this crappy little one man outfit.” The other two passengers were shaking like a pair of jelly fish, gripped in a combination of fear and panic as events unfolded. 
Then, after emerging from behind an exceptionally large asteroid, what a sight confronted them. Yes, Kayton battle cruisers, hundreds of them, all still oozing evil. They had created a force field around their fleet which lit up brightly every time an asteroid hit it as it bounced off harmlessly, back into the void of space. A section of the force field was lowered to allow the scout ship to enter and make its way to the centre of the fleet. 
The Captain then said, “He must have half his available assets gathered here. What’s to stop him from double-crossing us? We could never make it out of here if they turned on us.” 
“No, that won’t happen,” Mister D replied. “If they started that, nobody would ever deal with them again. Stop worrying you are like an old woman fretting, I know what I am doing.” 
“Well if it’s all the same to you,” the Captain said, “I will stay on board while you and your entourage do your business with those war criminals.” 
“As you wish,” said Mister D. 
The scout ship then docked with the appropriate Kayton Battle Cruiser which was right in the middle of the fleet, after which the scout ship’s occupants made their way into the docking bay area of the Kayton ship. There they sighted the man they were looking for. 
Mister D said, “Ah, Wesker! How’s tricks? Have you heard what the school children are singing about you in the playgrounds on Sontral? Wesker, Wesker, cheated death… he dodged the hangman by a hair’s breadth.” 
Wesker laughed. “And I wonder what the school children on Sontral would be singing about you if they knew what you were up to. “Drexler, Drexler, he was so vain… he sold out his people for financial gain.” 
Drexler laughed as he walked to the middle of the docking bay. “Oh, very good, Wesker. You certainly haven’t lost your wit since your master’s demise. Now tell your men to stand back. I will deal with you and you only.” 
“Alright,” Wesker replied. “keep your hair on.” 
As he ordered his men back, one of his senior officers said, “But sir you’re going to be on your own, totally exposed.” 
“Oh, don’t worry,” Wesker replied. “I know all these scoundrels from the casinos on Sontral. They won’t do anything that would jeopardise getting their hands on the money.” 
Wesker’s entourage then withdrew, leaving just him and Drexler in the middle of the docking bay to parlay. 
“Are you still gambling?” Wesker asked. “You want to be careful; one of these days you will be losing the shirt off your back.” 
“I’m just about keeping my head above water,” Drexler replied. “How about you? Are you enjoying your enforced exile in this Godforsaken place? It’s a bit of a come down from your life of luxury on Tyros. Did you hear what the Solaran occupation forces did with your villa on Tyros? They blew it up and then dumped the rubble in the lake at the bottom of your garden. And then just for good measure they scorched the earth with flame throwers, after which they scattered salt on the ground to eradicate the evil presence that had once resided there.” 
Wesker said, “Oh I have been in worse places, admittedly when I was a lot younger. As for that place on Tyros, well I never liked it, anyway. It brought me nothing but bad luck.” 
“I see you have had no takers for the unlimited bounty you have placed on the Guardian’s head.” 
“I never thought it would work. I’ve had reports the Guardian is living on Tau Seti, being protected by those savages that saved his life on Tyros. They made the one who killed Drakos a General, serving as a senior member of their defence staff.” 
“That’s just misinformation put out by Vadoran’s S.I.S,” Drexler replied. “All the evidence is that he has gone back to his home planet.” 
“He took a woman from Sontral with him, though,” Wesker pointed out.
“Oh, that cow, Freema. I hope she gets what’s coming to her.” 
Wesker laughed. “Ah yes, I heard about your little run in with her. Hell, hath no fury like a vain man scorned. She trained him well though, didn’t she?” 
“Ah, if I had been sobered she wouldn’t have been able to bring me down like that. As for her training the Guardian, you could have trained a monkey to do what he did. They were lucky their success owed much to your former master’s lax security measures; in fact, they made a gross strategical miscalculation. I hope when you catch up with them both you use that new cascade weapon on his home planet.” 
“You know about that?”
“Yes,” Drexler replied. “I was on the investigating team that interviewed the survivors of the Intersborn test. But we couldn’t get any blueprints or technical specifications on it. They had all been destroyed or spirited away in the confusion on Tyros when the empire collapsed. It’s not so important now the war is over, but the Solarans would have liked some working examples so that they could develop a counter measure. Do you have the working system?” 
“Wouldn’t you like to know? Now tell me, Drexler, it always puzzled me why you never defected to the Kaytons. With the money they were offering I thought you would have been a prime candidate for turning.” 
“Well, I can thank my God-fearing puritanical parents for that bit of good fortune. Although generally I thought the Kultarn prophecies were a lot of nonsense, my parents put enough of the fear of God into me that I thought I would sit on the fence and then make sure I was on the side of the ones that were left standing at the end.” 
“Wise choice as it turned out. Now tell me, Drexler what do you know?” 
“The Guardian is paying a state visit to Tau Seti in ten days’ time.” 
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Wesker said.” 
“Well, if you’re not a blue-eyed boy, you won’t get anywhere near Tau Seti. The whole planet has been put on lockdown by the Vogaran’s security services in conjunction with S.I.S. Even the regular galactic traders have been banned for the duration of his visit. They are suing for loss of trade. Now Vadoran reckons you have the equivalent of one battle fleet left. The Solarans have stationed two whole battle fleets in Tau Seti system under their best two wartime commanders. On full battle readiness for the duration of his visit, something unprecedented in peace time. Also, they have provided the Vogaran’s with their latest surface-to-air missile systems and formidable laser batteries. Vadoran and General Siliax are also on Tau Seti so as to ensure on the spot coordination just in case you decide to make a move with your fleet. And just for good measure, on the special orders of the Prime Minister, the first diplomatic protection unit in full has been sent from Dora Blitz on Sontral to Tau Seti, to provide the Guardian with close personal protection. Normally they would be used to protect the Prime Minister and members of the government for off-planet visits, so you see what you’re up against if you decide to make a move on him.” 
“Very impressive intelligence,” Wesker remarked, “but for the money I’m offering, you will have to give me something better than that. So what have you got me then, Drexler, that warrants the payment of a king’s ransom.? It had better be good.” 
“It is. But I want to see the money first.” 
“Alright.” Wesker waved for one of his officers to bring over one of the work trolleys with the anti-gravity technology. It was literally overflowing with money as it came to a halt in the middle of the bay. Wesker then waved the officer back. 
Oh, if you could have seen the faces of Drexler’s crew once they had caught sight of the money in its entirety. How unparalleled wealth changes men, and usually for the worse. Both of them had their mouths wide open and one was actually foaming at the mouth in anticipation of what was almost within his grasp. Have you ever seen a fly in close up, rubbing its hands when it has just got the goodies? It was just like that, both smiling and rubbing their hands together almost uncontrollably in frantic pleasure, secure in the knowledge that the loot was almost theirs.
Wesker continued, “Right, I’ve kept my side of the bargain, now you keep yours.” 
Drexler smiled and then produced a small video recorder from his pocket. He switched it on to play and then showed the recording to Wesker. It was the security camera footage of John and Freema making their way to the mock-up of the Drone Command Bunker Control Room on the first day of John’s training. And there it was, in John’s own words… 
“I think they are the biggest tyrants since Adolf Hitler on my home planet.” 
Then Freema placed her right index finger over his lips. “John, never, ever make any reference to your home planet again…” 
“Very good, Drexler. Go on, you can take your blood money.” 
“Well you’ve got room to talk,” Drexler replied. “You took your share of money from the Kaytons and more. The only people making big money on Sontral at the moment are lawyers defending war criminals like you. I was on top money in military intelligence during the war. Now the only work I have been offered recently is on reconstruction projects on planets that have been devastated by your lot. I’ve got an I.Q. of 123 – I am not working for minimum wage.” 
“I don’t suppose I could talk you into working for me?” Wesker asked. “I could use a good man like you and the pay would be good.” 
“You suppose right,” Drexler replied. “I’m not so keen on the company you keep and life expectancy could be short. I don’t want to end up with a knife in my back like Drakos, or a rope around my neck from the Solarans for committing high treason. Anyway, I would probably never get much chance to spend the fruits of my gain, living in these sparse surroundings. I do not want to end my days stuck in here with you and your little entourage. The Solarans executed ten defectors last week. I don’t want to be the next name on their hit list, which is what will happen if they find out I am working for you.” 
“Yes, I knew all ten of them.” 
“That’s nothing. Did you see what the Hellertrons did to the last lot of high-ranking Kaytons they found guilty of war crimes a few weeks ago? They were given a public execution by hanging, using piano wire on meat hooks in one of Ruatarn city’s squares and by all accounts it was very painful and very slow. So if it’s all the same to you, I will be on my way.” 
Wesker remained impassive. “As you wish.” 
Drexler made his way back to the air lock with his ill-gotten gains and his two lackies. As he reached the entrance, Wesker shouted, “Don’t spend it all at once!” 
“I won’t,” Drexler replied. “I will see you on the gallows.” 
“Yes,” Wesker said, “but mine will be a lot higher than yours.” 
How did Drexler come by this footage? Through old fashioned detective work. He got to know a member of the maintenance crew who gave him access to the training facility. The next piece in the jigsaw was to find a bent employee from the CCTV department. That gave him access to the relevant tapes. Then it took only a few minutes’ viewing before “Bingo!” just match the name to a planet’s history and you’ve got him. Hook, line and sinker.
Drexler, Drexler up to his old tricks.
By his treachery he has made himself rich
Beyond his wildest dreams.
But in time his wages of sin
Will inevitable consume him from within.
With that they parted, Drexler and his motley crew boarding their scout ship and making their getaway as fast as their engines would carry them. Firstly, out of the Kayton enclave and then out of the Asteroid Fields proper and back to civilisation to begin to spend their wages of sin that were gained in such a shameful way. 
Back on the Kayton Battle Cruiser, Wesker showed his senior officer the video footage. “We’ve got him. Transmit this name to the memory core of all our scout ships and don’t even tell the captains what we are looking for. Only if we get a match, after a scan of the planet concerned will the ship’s computer notify the Captain. He will then tell me directly and we can gather our forces to go in for the kill.” 
“But sir, do you know how many A class habitable planets there are? And that’s not counting the uncharted ones. Plus the fact we don’t even begin to have enough scout ships to make a proper sweep and even if we did, we could be looking for years and still not find him. And things are made all the worse by having to dodge the constant Solaran and Hellertron patrols.” 
At that, Wesker flew off the handle, hurling a tirade of abuse at the officer. “Oh, I’m getting sick of hearing excuses from you lot! I want the Guardian’s home planet found, after which I want him killed and then I want death and destruction to rain down on his home world to such an extent that not even bacteria and microbes will be left alive by the time we have finished. I want him to pay for me having to live in this hovel with you bunch of idiots.” 
“But sir, where are we going to get all the extra scout ships we will need?” 
“Do I have to think of everything? What about those huge commercial mineral cargo ship convoys that are piling virtually unprotected from the Backtoomi mineral systems? Direct our ships to start robbing them and use the proceeds to buy the scout ships we need on the black market. Standards have certainly fallen since the collapse of the empire.”
“I’m sorry sir, I cannot allow you to insult our officer corps like this.”
“I’m telling you, I will do more than insult them, if I don’t see a more aggressive stamp being brought to operations and very soon, I am seriously thinking about evoking the punishment of decimation. I will have every tenth man executed for cowardice. And while you are at it, tell all the captains of the scout ships not to bother coming back until they find him. Now go on and get out of my sight, you bunch of incompetent fools. I’m sick of the lot of you!” 
“Yes sir,” the officer replied. “I will get things moving immediately.” 
That evening in his quarters Wesker’s young deputy reflected. He was useful to Wesker because his forte was in logistics. He could move men and materials to wherever Wesker wanted them, and would do so without question or objection. In so doing he was slowly packing his general staff with pliable yes men.
That night he made his daily diary entry. It read as follows: “Another humiliating dressing down. His rantings are becoming more and more aggressive. Getting impossible to do any serious work. His favorite device for running his macabre little Empire. Are his twice daily situation conferences, held at mid-day and midnight local time, with everyone stood, shoulder to shoulder. Except for Wesker, who demonstrated his power by sitting. The only others permitted a chair were the two female stenographers who record every word spoken. So, there is no misunderstanding as to the orders that have been issued by our overlord. It’s all now starting to resemble an exotic Eastern court. With everyone flattering Wesker, vying for their master’s favor. 
 He is continuously underestimating the moves available to the enemy. The good news is we now have firm intelligence on the Guardian’s home planet. A long hard search will follow. But I am convinced in the long run we will be successful and discover his location. Another piece of good news to report.
We have found an assassin, now retired, but she was one of our best. Her name is Ouna Ack Kell. Known as the silent assassin. And her daughter Valnavia who Ouna has personally trained. Known to all as the baby faced assassin. Ouna assures me no Solaran woman will be a match for her beloved daughter. For she is forged in fire. And worked in metal. Countless enemies have crumbled and withered, disintegrating in her wake as she sweeps all before her. Minions cowering in awe of her prowess, abandoning all hope of life.
 She’ll deal with the Solaran wench, in a fair fight of course Valnavia assures me she will allow the Solaran woman to arm herself. It wouldn’t be sport otherwise. Ouna will deal with the Guardian. He won’t know what has hit him. After which she’ll spit in his face and dance on his dead body. They will both get drunk, then watch with glee as Cascade obliterates the Guardians home planet. And the massive bonus is with Valnavia being trained by her retired mother. Neither of them has shown up on the Solarans radar as potential threats. So consequently, they have not appeared on their most wanted list.” Ouna told me she saw the Guardian or at least the Guardians train on that fateful day. The end of Empire, her husband and two little boys were killed by those Drone savages. Valnavia was on a hit on the Corrilion home world of Obyan, so was safe from retribution. Ouna managed to join her later after making her escape from Tyros.
Now generally I regard Wesker as a slithering Solaran opportunist whimp. But he was as cool as a cucumber when asking Valnavia to prove how good she was. Convicts had been given weapons and told that they would be pardoned if they survived the conflict. They’d even get a pot of money just for good measure to start a new life. 
Ouna thought there were too many of them. She pulled a small blade, and held it to Wesker’s throat, uttering “If she dies, you die.” Of course, along with all the other guards I raised my gun. But Wesker who was as calm as a windless day, just said,
“Now everyone, calm down. No need for any unpleasantness. Lower your guns and place them on the ground as a good will gesture.”
We did so, reluctantly. 
“If she’s as good as you claim everything will end well,” he continued.
“You’d better hope so, for your sake,” Ouna snapped. Valnavia then said “All will be well, mama, remember what you taught me, Quick hands make short work.” 
As she cut through the scum, like a hot knife through butter. She was good. She even sent a shiver down my spine, and when all was over she gave a cheeky grin. It really was a case of the quick and the dead. She was quick and they were all dead.
“Job done, mama. Is this rubbish the best they could come up with? Now Ouna said “I want one million credits up front and another five million on completion. Once you have sent us the Guardians location we will make our move.”
“You’re asking a lot,” Wesker replied.  
“I’m afraid after pulling a job like this neither of us will ever be able to work again. We’ll have to make a fresh start on one of the new worlds that are being opened up almost daily in the outer systems, just let us know when you have the relevant information, we’ll do the rest.” Wesker agreed to her terms, Ouna lowered her blade, and left with Valnavia gingerly making their way to their ship and the safety of open space.”
I thought to myself, we always get our man.
“Beware Guardian John,
Your time is short
Hiding out is a strategy
That will turn out to be fraught
As your end of days
Come nearer than you ever thought.”
During the subsequent long, boring journey home, the former fighter pilot transporting Drexler and his entourage smiled to himself as he reminisced. Specifically, he recalled his time in boot camp during his basic training. That awful drill sergeant; the very thought of him made me cringe. He looked fit though, as Bob would say not a bit of fat on him a bit like Bruce Forsyth. Being a bit of a lad, who was often up to no good, I had engaged in black marketing as well as general ill-discipline. Needless to say, I had quickly come to the drill sergeant’s attention, who in turn made me suffer. Once he tore into me after a session on the assault course.
“Useless,” the NCO screamed, “In my opinion you are totally worthless. I wouldn’t even trust you to fly my grandson’s kite. Never mind an X-1 Astro Fighter with enhanced Tuckerman (The inventor) TARDS technology? The only place you’re headed is the TURDS – Toilet Urinal Repetitive Duty Service. 
“I bet you fancy taking a pop at me, lad, Well, how about if I give you a free shot? Just me and you. No comeback from the authorities?”
I needed no second invitation, but the old guy knew his stuff. He could fight like a butcher’s dog. I didn’t last long, he downed me very quickly by kicking me in the short and curleys, oh God that brought tears to my eyes. 
I had learned my lesson. I became a reformed character. Well most of the time.
Every day we started with a five mile run around the base, singing in unison,
“One, two, three, four
Kaytons knocking on the door.
Five, six, seven, eight
We’ll kick their heads in by half past eight.
“Cause we’re the best and they’ve no mates.”
During the passing out parade I said to the drill sergeant. “I will never forget you sir.” He replied. “And I will never forget you young man, I’m sure I will be hearing a lot more about you in the future.” 
Later on the long journey home I heard one of Drexler’s cronies say that sooner or later the Guardian will be for the high jump. Now I knew we were up to no good but I never thought this was our ultimate purpose. I began to think back again, this time to the battle of Zelar the biggest fleet action of the war. I was a group captain on the super battle carrier Agamemnon. In the operations room the commander explained. “We the first battle fleet will draw the Kayton forces in. Who will then be flanked on either side by the third and fifth battle fleets respectively. We are the inevitable bait gambit.” “As always,” I shouted. “Did you say something captain?” “Yes sir, we just want to get out there and kick their buts.” “You will all get your chance.” The commander said. “Intelligence reports suggests we will be outnumbered by about four to one.” I replied. “With T.A.R.D.S that should make it more like two to one. And as far as I am concerned I have the best fighter group in the Galaxy. So that should just about even the odds up.” Everyone cheered as the Commander said. “Good luck and good hunting.” We all made our way to the main hanger and boarded our ships. After making our pre-flight checks we sped off to make contact with the enemy. As we came upon them I said. “Wright help yourselves. Protect the Big A” (The Agamemnon). The battle raged as we tried to prevent as many torpedo bombers as possible from reaching the Agamemnon. I had already clocked up three kills when over the radio one of my wing men said. “Maran gone, its Deaths Head (one of the Kaytons top fighter aces.) now he is on to me.” I replied. “Hold him off I will be there as soon as I can.” Sarack then said. “It’s too late he’s got me, tell my wife I love her.” The radio then went silent as I sped off to exact my revenge. Now what happened next was not unheard off, but was unusual. That is for two top fighter aces to fight it out in single combat. On interception I gave him what for as we exchanged remorseless fire. The battle raged one way and then the other. Then the unthinkable happened my warning system said. “T.A.R.D.S now ineffective.” I had to make a quick exit, I noticed there was a large Margenelic cloud close by, Which I managed to reach before Deaths Head finished me off. The composition of the cloud made our weapons and sensors inoperative, but at least I had bought some much precious time to figure out my next move. I cast my mind back to my training at the advanced flying training school, in particular the class room sessions, which I found very boring. The tutor (who looked like Stalin’s foreign minister Molotov.) once said. “You may be out fought, but by the time I have finished you will never be out thought.” I remembered Margenelic clouds contain large concentrations of Dirithium Gas which when mixed with Trioxolane from my now redundant T.A.R.D.S coolant system. Would at high temperature cause a massive explosion, I needed no more prompting as I released the Trioxolane into the cloud. I had just completed the task when guess who, yes Deaths Head pulled up beside me, he pointed to below his cock pit. I noticed a large number of individual skull and cross bones signs which denoted his number of kills, far too many to count. Then the cheeky Get had written. Making your wife a widow is no way to make a living. He then saluted me and pointed, as if to say. See you out there. I needed no prompting I was off like the clappers, as I exited the cloud with Death Head in hot pursuit. I circled around and then flew through the cloud once again at high speed. Now I had to time this just wright, too early I would go up with him and too late, he would escape. As I emerged from the cloud I fired a Star Shell Flare from one of my rear pods, which detonated while Death Head was still in the cloud. A massive explosion then took place, which buffeted me until I reached a safe distance. There you cheeky Get, I thought that’s from Maran and Sarack, wright now back to work, as I made my way back to the main action. The battle ensued with the Agamemnon repelling wave after wave of nuclear tipped torpedo bombers. On board one young loader who was underaged, he had lied about his age, momently stopped. He literally starred at the wall of flak that was being generated by the massed anti-aircraft batteries. The pit boss who had also lied about his age, he was too old. Grabbed the boy and said. “If just one of those missiles gets through, were all goners.” The boy needed no further encouragement, he and the pit boss feverishly resumed loading the shells on the conveyer belt that fed the guns. As fast as their little hands would carry them, each was trying to outperform the other in speed and efficiency. At that precise moment the final wave of missiles was launched, then the unthinkable happened. One lone missile managed to sneak through a small hole in the up until now impenetrable wall of flak. All seemed to stop as everyone seemed to be frozen in that one brief moment in time. Who then came through the same gap, yes it was our fighter pilot. After dispatching the bomber that had launched the missile, he followed through the same gap and quickly took out the missile with his first shot. A huge roar emanated from the Agamemnon as the crew celebrated. On landing the pilot was carried on the shoulders of his crew mates, although it was tinged with sadness at the loss of so many of his comrades. Yes the battle was won, it was not a war winner, rather like Dunkirk it kept us in the war. I was awarded the highest military award for bravery, the Solaran Cross First Class with Golden Rays. Presented to me by General Siliax himself who said. “You my boy are an example to the whole Solaran People.” It made me think back to the day war broke out, I was in a reserved occupation so I did not have to enlist, but I was eager to join. I visited the sea side before it all closed down for the duration of the war. A fortune teller sign caught my eye it read. Gypsy Rose Lee who lives by the sea will tell you future with great accuracy. With a tag line like that I could not resist, after being sat down by the old lady who starred intently at me as she placed mine and her hands on the crystal ball. She then said. “If you stay on Sontral, you will live a long life, but in time you will be forgotten. Now if you go off to fight in the war, you might not come back. But your name will live forever in Solaran History.” well of course that made my mind up for me. After crossing her palm with silver for her endeavors, I exited the establishment. As I did so the old lady said. “But beware Pen Hagel of false prophets who will promise you the world. But will if you allow them lead you only to utter and complete ruination.” And now look at me as I contemplated what I had done during our long journey home with Drexler and his two cronies, it seemed like an eternity.

Thirty

Now seven years have passed and the Galaxy is certainly a better place. Peace and prosperity have been restored for all, not just a privileged few. The Hellertrons have joined the Solaran Commonwealth, quickly followed by most individual planets like Tau Seti, that had suffered so much during the war under the Kayton occupation. 
And to ensure war never broke out on that scale again. What came to be known as the Solaran Doctrine was adopted. It worked quite simply. Any war like planet that wished to wage war on its own land, that was up to them. But if they threatened to go off planet and attack another world…then that would no longer be tolerated. They were given just a single warning by the Commonwealth. The Doctrine worked – not a single tin pot dictator ever left their world to wage war on another. Peace was thus maintained. If a dispute arose, it was directed to arbitration, and settled peacefully.
As for me, the experience had prematurely aged me, although not to a massive extent, the most noticeably physical aspect of it being my sideburns turning grey. It just reminded me of that Hammer Horror film where the guy saw the Gorgon Medusa in the mirror so it turned his hair grey rather than turning his whole body into stone.
Mind you, there were things which brought me down to Earth every now and then. One night, for example, me and Freema went to a new restaurant that had just opened. Who should be behind the reception desk but the young lady who I had got the fired. Of course, I thought I had redeemed myself by leaving her enough money to set herself up in business. Although, she didn’t know that; all she knew was is that I was responsible for her having lost her job in the first place. You should have seen her face when she spotted me; anger and the thrill of the opportunity for revenge as she realized I was at her mercy. 
“You’re not welcome here,” she said, “leave, or I’ll call the police.”
We kept a straight face as we left, then we both burst out laughing, after which we continued on our way until we found another restaurant, that was more convivial to us both.
For that was in the past
In the dark days of winters gone
That was then, this is now
For now, you are a better man than that.
A good person. A decent man.
  I thought by living in Los Angeles it would be better to be a little fish in a big sea where I would not be noticed, rather than a big fish in a little sea where I might stand out more. Well, that was the logic of my thinking.
There was one last thing I felt compelled to do. Before I relocated to Los Angeles, I had to go back the place where it had all begun. The old rundown house in Church Fenton, which I had already bought, along with the fishing lake. I had made the house safe, fenced it off, but the lake was open for anyone who wanted to fish. When I was moving the cabinet, I had found the Guardianship in. I thought oh God it weights a ton. I knew nothing about the inventor who had owned the property. But he was a genius, and why because the whole cabinet was lined with lead. Did Kev ask him to shield him from prying eyes? Like so much else, I didn’t know. Which I think is a good thing. Who wants to know everything?
 And what am I doing for a living in Los Angeles? Well, I bought an existing company. And no, it was not bought with the proceeds of bank jobs, but from the money we raised from the Diamonds that Freema brought with her from Sontral that the Prime Minister had given to us both to start our new lives together. As Diamonds like Gold were regarded as currency in any part of the Galaxy. Even horrible ugly Wesker in case of an emergency kept a stash of uncut Diamonds in the hollowed out heels of his shoes. Mind you we had to use what the Americans call a fence to convert the Diamonds into currency. After all, I had no reasonable explanation of explaining where they had come from. So consequentially people thought it was stolen. I think the fence was the crook, the robbing sod. We only got twenty per cent of their true value, although that was enough for our purposes.
We live a comfortable life but the majority, if not most of the profits, we donate to good causes. I know in the great scheme of things it’s only a drop in the ocean. But at least in my own small way I feel as though I am contributing to society.
 It’s a great feeling when you can see you are actually making a difference. Really making things happen, rather than letting them happen.
 Not in one-off payments, though. I think that is a flawed strategy because once the money is spent the charity is back to square one again and looking for more donations. Rather, my novel solution is for arguments sake, to put a million pounds into a trust fund for the charity. The charity cannot touch the capital. It is the yearly interest from the investments that is given annually to the charity so in effect they have a perpetual source of income instead of living a hand-to-mouth existence. In my own way I am leaving a rock solid and lasting legacy. 
When I think back to when I was a child I feel guilty. I used to receive so many toys. I thought everybody did. I had no concept of the poverty that others faced. Once my father showed me a toy catalogue, and asked which one I thought he could afford. I chose the most expensive. I wish I had told him to save his money and go to Bingo with mum. I wish I had asked him to give some of my Christmas presents to children who were less well off than me. “Money – can’t buy me love,” said the Beatles. How right they were.
Now before I relocated, I paid my friends in the bookies one last visit. Amazingly, Bob has bought a microwave oven and a television set, so it is not such a wretched life he is leading after all. When I told Bob, I was going to live in Los Angeles, he said, “I will be hitting that Scoop Six one of these days, Johnny Boy and when I do I will come and see you in Los Angeles and then we can go to that Santa Anita racetrack.” Oh dear, he will never learn. He looks old now, I’m not joking. If those naughty Wraith from the Star Gate Atlantis series come to suck the life out of Earth, all Bob would have to do is play possum. They would walk straight past him, thinking that he had already been done. Now if I tried that, the Wraith would say “Come on John, we’re not having this. Not with that baby face of yours.”
Somebody said to me once that I would go to the grave with that baby face. And that I had very deep blue eyes. I could just imagine Bob with the Borg Queen from Star Trek, he would say. “Hello sweetheart, do you fancy a cup of coffee Love.” In fact, if I was Star Fleet Command I would create a temporal field (Time Travel). Kidnap Bob and take him to the 24rd century. Then I would use him as a biological weapon, once he had been assimilated by the Borg he would infect them with the urge to booze and gamble. And by so doing they would give up their mission of subjugating other innocent races. And remember in space no one can hear Bob scream. If he had been the first human to meet the Vulcan in the film First Contact, I could just imagine the impression he would have made on him by saying. All wright Geezer, do you have Boozers and Bookies on Vulcan. The poor guy would think to himself. I have made a mistake, I will come back in a hundred years time when Earth has a more advanced and developed civilization.  
 It’s funny; I met a guy once who said he was going to pray for an improvement in Bob’s life. With his new household appliances, his prayers must have been at least partially answered. Oh, I could just imagine him on one of the Kayton war factory planets in the Magnamite mines in his dinner hour. Racing the cockroaches and running a book on them.
I said to him “Don’t do a bad bet, Bob, and when the fun stops, stop!”  I’m afraid Bob’s resistance to reality is considerable. It will be some time, if at all, before we can expect any sense from him. He said to me once. “You never know when the big fella upstairs (God) is going to tap you on the shoulder, and say it’s time to go.” Once I was sat at a desk on the computer in the library, when Bob came up to me from behind and tapped me on the shoulder. I looked around and thought, oh could you imagine Bob being the person who was to escort you to heaven. The very thought is enough to send a shiver down my spine (again). No wonder people would prefer to stay behind on Earth to spend eternity as a ghost. I could just imagine him in charge of the pearly gates. Before he let you in to Heaven he would say to the men. “All wright Geezer what are you going to give me as payment before I let you in.” As for the ladies he would say. “Hello sweetheart, give us a kiss love, then I will let you in.” Now sadly I have to announce that young Anna who I know from the library, passed away in September 2021 at the grand old age of 93. She’s gone but not forgotten, we all stood up at her wake and raised a glass of milk stout, in remembrance, to send her on her way.
As for Brian, his girlfriend has moved in with him. “I think she looks a bit like Lily James,” Brian had said once. She looked more like Sid James to me, I suppose it is all in the eye of the behold.
I said, “She will put you in an early grave.” 
He replied, “Yes I know, but what a way to go!” He is happy; that is the main thing.
Along with Bob. 
Big bad Bob the Watford Man
Makes Desperate Dan seem like only half a man
Boozing and Gambling all his life
He’ll never change now
His life of vice.
Remember Gary? The guy with a dodgy leg and dodgier arm? He is doing well in his new job at Heathrow airport as a baggage handler. He’s living in Twickenham sleeping on his ex-girlfriend’s Lizzy sofa. She has got a spare room, but has let that out to another guy who works for Channel Four and pays more, so Gary got the short straw. Bob said he thought he got the job because he had done it before, so they did not have to train him up like a new recruit.
Yes, he has done well for himself. He’s now got savings in the bank of £5,000. And with his discounted air tickets he’s been to Portugal as well as visiting a relative in Toronto. He said to me once, when he was a young man he had a good six pack. I told him it was more like a backpack now.
After leaving the bookies for the last time, I took one more walk through Leeds City Centre, where I heard the sound of the South American musicians again. I had to stop and listen to them one more time and at the end of their performance, the guy who had spoken to me the first time caught my attention. 
He came over to me, smiling. Then Freema joined me. The guy said “I told you everything would be all wright. Go now, make a new life for yourself, and most of all be happy.”
 He looked at us together once more, adding, “You look much more contented now, at peace with yourself.”
I smiled back and thanked him as me and Freema continued on my way.
As for my life, I still had nightmares about my experiences but over the passage of time and with the love of a good woman, they became less frequent and less intense. One particular night I had a dream in which I saw my parents, but that was not all. As I got closer to them, I could see other figures appearing and I smiled as standing before me were Kronos, his wife and five children, as well as Adema with his wife and son. Of course, it was an honour and a privilege to see them all.
My father said to me, “Well done, son. You have done us all proud.” 
I tried to get even closer to them but I could hear Freema’s voice calling my name. My mother smiled and then waved me back, along with everybody else. I told them how much I loved them and then I began to wake up. As I did so, it felt like sandpaper was being rubbed against my cheek. Of course, I realised what it was straight away. I opened my eyes and yes, it was Felix, licking my face with his tongue that was as rough as a Canadian bear’s backside. 
There was also a little girl… yes, my daughter. She had hold of Kev and was saying, “Take me to Disneyland.” 
Kev replied, “No, I cannot. You are not the Guardian.” 
Freema then said to me, “Oh, so you have decided to wake up and about time, too. Can you bring these two under control? The cat has started climbing up the curtains again and will you tell our daughter that when she goes on a sleepover to her friends, to stop pointing up at the night sky, at Sontral’s sun, and saying, ‘My mummy comes from a planet that orbits that star.’” 
I laughed and beckoned them both to come over to me, whereupon I put my arms around them both and told them how much I loved them.
Freema replied, “You silly boy.” 
Yes, this is my life now and so proud of it I am, too, and alas this is where my story ends. But I think it is only right and proper that I give the last word in this epic story as I did the first words, to that Unknown Soldier who, along with millions of his comrades, gave their lives so that we could have a future. 
I know not what the future holds, I know not what it brings, I only know what has passed and what tears that would bring. Now we must go forward with our heads held high, together in our belief in God and what we know is right. 

END
