Star wars the clone wars: The Lost missions.
By S R Edwards
Distributed by Smashwords.
Copyright Lucasfilm© 2008
Copy right 2020 S R Edwards

Chapter one: Bane’s back!
It is in our fears that true courage hides
Anakin and Ahsoka are in the food court when his com-link starts to beep. He sighs and answers it. “Yes?”
“Where are you?” Obi-Wans voice is full of concern and frustration.
“Ahsoka and I are in the food court why?” Ahsoka drops her fork onto her plate and frowns at Anakin. “Stay on guard he’s coming your way.”
“Who?” He turns away and cups his hand over the com-link so Ahsoka can’t hear him.
“Bane!” He finishes the call and Anakin’s face shows his anger.
“What’s wrong?” Ahsoka puts her hand on his arm, he looks at her. “Stay here!”
“Why?”
“Just do it!” He stands up and walks out of the food court.
A minute later he comes flying back in. Anakin crashes into a row of tables and Ahsoka runs over to him. “Ahsoka?”
“Are you ok?”
“Get out of here it’s too dangerous.”
“Why?” Bane walks in and Ahsoka looks up at him. “Oh no!” 
Bane stands over her. “Miss Tano.”
“What do you want?” She stands up and grabs her light sabers. Anakin looks at her. “Ahsoka don’t!” Bane turns and runs. Ahsoka follows him. Bane disappears round a corner and Ahsoka runs after him. She rounds the corner and Bane has gone. She looks around and Bane drops from the ceiling behind her. He grabs her and covers her mouth. Ahsoka drops her light sabers and they roll across the floor. Anakin gets to his feet. “Ahsoka!” He runs down the corridor but when he gets round the corner Ahsoka and Bane are gone leaving just Ahsoka’s light sabers behind. “You have got to be kidding me!” Anakin picks them up and goes to the bridge. “Obi-Wan he has Ahsoka.”
Bane takes Ahsoka to his ship which is docked at one of the emergency air-locks. He puts her in a makeshift cell. “Bane let me go!” She bangs at the bars. He leans against the opposite wall with his arms crossed. “No! I need you out of the way.”
“What do you mean?”
“Soon you won’t have a master!” He smirks and leaves the ship.
“No! Wait just kill me! Please! Get back here! Bane!”
“I’ll see you later!” The door closes. Ahsoka pushes at the bars. She focuses her energy and tries to bend them instead but it’s no use the bars won’t budge. “No!” She slides down the wall and hugs her knees. Ahsoka pushes her face in to the inside of her arms. With her fore head resting on her knees. Meanwhile back on the cruiser Anakin and Rex are discussing her rescue. “Go to the communications room and wait for Bane to contact us. I’ll sweep the ship with some troopers.” Rex nods and they part ways. Anakin turns a corner and sees Bane stood in front of him in the middle of the corridor. “Where is Ahsoka?”
“Who?”
“You know who I mean Bane.”
“Oh yes your little Padawan.”
“Where is she?”
“She’s on my ship.”
“Let her go Bane you lost last time and you’ll lose again.” Anakin stands in front of Bane with his arms crossed. Bane shoots the light and a shower of glass and sparks rains down over Anakin. He drops his light saber and it rolls towards Bane. Anakin closes his eyes and shields his face. Bane picks his light saber up and disappears into the air ducts. Anakin opens his eyes and kicks the wall. “Damn it!”

Bane re-enters his ship and walks over to Ahsoka.  He smiles at her and takes his match out of his mouth. “Hello little lady.”
“What do you want now?” she pulls herself to her feet.
“I’ve come to tell you some bad news.”
“What?”
“Your master has…ha…well he’s dead!”
“You’re lying!”
“I would never.”
“Yeah right.” He rolls Anakin’s light saber underneath the bars. Ahsoka picks it up. “No I won’t believe you!”
“Would I have this if he was alive?”
“I suppose not.”
“Well then do you believe me now?”
“No!”
“You’re so stubborn.”
 “Just like my master.” She grips Anakin’s saber.
“Yes only he’s dead and you’re not!”
“He’s not dead!” He goes to the cockpit and Ahsoka sits crossed legged on the floor holding Anakin’s light saber. “Ahsoka?” She hears his voice so she looks up but no-one is there. “Snips? Ahsoka are you there?” She looks down at her wrist and smiles.
“Yeah, I’m here.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes I thought…” She stops. The ship judders as it takes off. “Oh no!”
“What?”
“I think Bane has taken off.”
“Where are you?”
“I’m on his ship.” She falls over and smacks her head on the hard metal floor. “Ow.”
“Snips!”
“I’m ok. But we’ll have to be quiet because Bane is just behind the door. In the cockpit”
“Right.”
“I’ll tell you where I am when we land.”
“Ok make sure you do.”
“I will.”
“Ahsoka?”
“Yeah?”
“I won’t leave you.” He hangs up and she smiles. 
“I knew it!” Bane lands on Kalee. He walks towards the cell and opens it.
“Come on give me that weapon.”
“Why did you lie to me?”
“About what?”
“My master.”
“Forget about him you’ll never see him again any way.”
“What?” He takes Anakin’s light saber from Ahsoka. “HEY!” He grabs her arm and takes her outside. Bane throws her up against some jagged rocks. “You won’t get away with this!”
“I think I already have.” She throws a rock at him as he walks back into the ship. “Master? Hello?” Anakin’s crackled voice comes from the other end. 
“Ahsoka, so where are you?”
“I’m on Kalee.” Bane comes back out but she doesn’t see him. He stands over her and leans down. “Telling your master where you are?”
“And what if I were?” she looks up at him and shrugs.
“Ahsoka what is it?” Anakin’s voice becomes frantic as he tried to get her to respond. Bane kicks Ahsoka in the stomach. “Ooof! You can’t hurt me!”
“Ahsoka!” All that is heard over the line is a scuffle and then silence. On the cruiser Anakin glances over at Rex and Obi-Wan. “Snips?” The line goes dead. “I’ll get him this time make no mistake of that!” He storms out of Ahsoka’s quarters and Obi-Wan runs after him. “Where are you going now?”
“Where’d you think?”
“Anakin don’t.” He stands in front of Anakin. “Listen to me!”
“What?”
“You have to think about it. Bane wants to kill you.”
“But if I don’t go he’ll kill Ahsoka!”
“You are much more important.”
“What are you trying to say?”
“We need you Anakin.”
“And I need Ahsoka!” Anakin pushes Obi-Wan out of the way and heads towards the hanger.

Down on Kalee, Bane walks over to Ahsoka. “How are you doing out here on your own?”
“Why don’t you just let me go?”
“Oh I can’t do that.” He ties her to one of the rocks and leaves the planet. Ahsoka sighs and looks around at her surroundings. “Oh great I have no means of communication and I’m on a hostile part of the planet!” Ahsoka manages to untie herself and she falls to the floor. “Well I better find somewhere to stay for the night.” She starts to walk north. She walks about two-hundred clicks away from where Bane left her and collapses in the heat. Hours pass and she lays unconscious and alone for the entire night. The next morning Ahsoka is woken up by Obi-Wan shaking her shoulder. She sits up. “How did you find me?”
“We followed your foot prints, it was Rex’s idea.”
“Oh.” He helps her to her feet. “So where’s..?” Anakin runs over to them. “Snips!”
“What?”
“I’m sorry.” He stops inches away from her and takes her hands in his.
“For what?”
“For leaving you.”
“You didn’t leave me at all.”
“I thought I had.” He smiles. “Come on.” They walk the three hundred clicks back to the carrier and go back to the cruiser. On the cruiser Anakin, Ahsoka and Obi-Wan walk to Ahsoka’s quarters. “So what are we looking for in my quarters?”
“We need to know if Bane took anything important.”
“Oh right, oh your com-link is flashing.” She points at Anakin’s wrist. “What? Oh right.” He answers it. “Hello?” Anakin stops walking and Ahsoka and Obi-Wan carry on. Anakin shouts down the corridor. “Rex needs my help in the control room. I’ll see you later.” He runs off down towards the control room. Ahsoka opens the door and they start to look for anything Bane could have taken. “Well everything is...” Ahsoka stops and routes though a draw. “It’s gone!”
“What has?” Obi-Wan looks at her and crosses his arms.
“My picture of me and master Plo, it was taken when I was little.”
“How important is it to you?”
“Oh it’s extremely important.” She looks up at Obi-Wan. “It means a lot to me.” Anakin walks in.
“It was nothing he just didn’t flick the right switch.” He looks at Ahsoka. “Is there anything missing?”
“Two things actually.”
“Yeah what?”
“My light sabers.” She points at his belt.
“What? Oh.” He gives them her and she puts them onto her own belt. “And a very special picture of mine.”
“We’ll get it back.”
“How?”
“Hmmm.” Anakin stares into space.
“Anakin I know that look, what are you thinking?”
“I have a plan to get both my light saber and your picture back Ahsoka.”
“Yeah, what is it?”
“I’ll think of the details when we get on Kalee.” Obi-Wan looks at him. “Oh great another one of your improvised plans Anakin?”
“No, we will hide just out of range of Bane’s scanners but so we can keep contact with Ahsoka. Snips you will confront Bane. When you retrieve both items signal us and well come and pick you up.” He looks at them both. “It’s simple.”
“Are you sure this will work?”
“Well I’m up for it.” Anakin and Ahsoka look at Obi-Wan.
“Oh alright.”

When they get there Ahsoka heads towards bane’s ship. “Hey Bane I’ve come to collect some things!” He walks up behind her.
 “And what would they be?”
“A picture of mine and my master’s light saber and I know you have them.”
“You’re quite right I do but for you to get them back your master has to come and save you.”
“But I’m not in any trouble yet.” As she finishes her sentence Bane produces a blaster. Ahsoka manages to deflect his shots. She signals Anakin, who swoops down nearly hitting Bane. Bane shoots at the wing of the ship. “Well that’s not good.” 
“Master are you..?!” Bane shoots the com-link off her wrist. “Nice shot.”
“Thanks, here’s another.” He fires at her, he hits her belt and she falls backwards.
“Ha you missed.”
“No I didn’t.” He holds her light sabers out.
“What? How did you do that?” He steps up to her. She can feel the heat of her light saber at her neck.  A few moments later Anakin and Obi-Wan turn up to find Ahsoka wrestling with Bane. “Give me those light sabers!” 
“NO!” Anakin’s light saber disappears off Bane’s belt.
“What the..?” Ahsoka looks over Banes shoulder. She smiles. Anakin looks at Bane. “Let her go Bane!”
“Skywalker!” Bane throws Ahsoka to the floor and walks over to Anakin. Obi-Wan watches him. “It’s over Bane give up.” He stands his guard next to Anakin. Bane shoots him with his blaster. Obi-Wan is caught off guard and flies backwards. Anakin gets his light saber ready. Bane points his blaster at Anakin but turns and shoots the ground next to Ahsoka. It starts to crack. “That’s defiantly not good.” The ground falls from underneath her and Ahsoka plummets to the floor followed by a ton of rocks. “Ahsoka!” Anakin tries to get to the edge but Bane pushes him backwards next to Obi-Wan.
“She’s bound to be dead.”
“You underestimate her Bane!”
“I don’t see any movement.”
“Like I said you underestimate her.” Bane turns around and Obi-Wan grabs him. He takes Bane to his ship and takes him back to the cruiser.

Anakin runs over to the pile of boulders and smaller rocks. He force pushes them away. He pulls Ahsoka free and lays her on the ground. “Snips?” He kneels down next to her. “Come on snips, Ahsoka!”
Ahsoka’s eyes flicker. “Am I dead yet?” He looks at her and laughs.
“No Ahsoka you’re not.” She sits up and looks at him.
“Where’s Obi-Wan?”
“He took Bane to the cruiser and then he is sending Rex to pick us up.”
“Good.” She squints.
“What?”
“My chest hurts really badly.”
“Well you did just get crushed by a boulder.”
“Brilliant.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m gonna die.”
“No you’re not I’ll make sure of that.”
“How?”
“I don’t know how but I will. I promise.” He takes her hand in his. “Ahsoka you’ll always be my snips.” She lies down and smiles at him.
“And you’ll always be my Skyguy.” She closes her eyes.
“Ahsoka?”
“What?”
“Are you feeling ok?”
“I’m just trying to relax because it hurts when I breathe ok?”
“Yeah, just don’t leave me.”
“I wouldn’t dream of doing that.”
“Just hang on in there snips Rex should be here soon.”
“He better be.” She sits up again, her eyes wide.
“What?”
“I can’t breathe.” Anakin puts his arm behind her back as she passes out.

A few hours later Rex comes. They take Ahsoka straight to the infirmary. Obi-Wan walks in. “Anakin Bane’s ready for us to interrogate him. Are you ready?”
“Not now I’m a little busy.”
“I see. I’ll do it by myself then.”
“Fine with me.” He leaves the room and Anakin looks at Ahsoka. “Oh snips.”
Some time passes by and Obi-Wan comes back to the infirmary looking very worried. “Anakin we have a problem.”
“What?!”
“Bane has escaped again with Ahsoka’s light sabers.”
“You let him get away!” Anakin shouts. A nurse leads Obi-Wan out. “Sir I can’t tell General Skywalker this but I’ll tell you. Ahsoka Tano won’t make it, well she has a very slim chance.”
“Right, I’m afraid that this is a chance Anakin will take.”
“Sir.” She goes back into the infirmary and Obi-Wan follows her.
 “Anakin I need to tell you something.”
“What now?”
“Anakin the nurse has just told me that Ahsoka might not make it.”
“Might? Then there’s still a chance that she will.”
“Yes, a very slim chance.”
“Then there’s still hope.”
“Don’t get your hopes up just yet that’s all I’m saying.” He leaves Anakin. Anakin looks down at Ahsoka. “You will make it, I know you will.”

Days pass and Anakin starts to believe Ahsoka won’t make it. Ahsoka wakes up and looks around. Anakin is at the other end of the infirmary staring out of the window, talking to himself. “It’s my fault you were...” Ahsoka finishes his sentence.
“Funny?”
“Yeah and you never...”
“Followed orders.”
“Yeah and you were...”
“Just like you.”
“Yeah.” He frowns at his reflection and turns round. “Ahsoka!”
She pushes herself up and lies back on the pillows. “So what’s happened while I’ve been here?” Anakin walks over to her and tries to hide his joy. Ahsoka smiles at him and watches him cross the floor. He stops next to the bed. “Well we got Bane.”
“Great!” He sits down on the edge of the bed.
“Not great.”
“Why?”
“Obi-Wan let him escape.”
“So?”
“He took your light sabers with him.”
“What?!”
“Calm down Ahsoka! I’ve arranged for me, Rex and some troopers to retrieve your light sabers. You will stay here! Do you understand?”
“Yes but...!”
“No buts Ahsoka I’m not putting you in any danger again!” she looks down and fiddles with the bed sheets.
“I just don’t want Bane to hurt you.”
“He won’t Ahsoka I promise.” He stands up and walks out, Ahsoka shouts after him. “Please let me come. I’ll stay on the ship!” He stops in the doorway and turns round. “I promise.”
“Ok but you stay on the ship no matter what happens.”
“Ok.”
“Even if Bane is winning.”
“No! I couldn’t stand back and watch that happen to you.”
“Promise me snips.”
“I can’t.”
“Then you won’t come.” She takes a deep breath, nods and stands up.
“Ok I promise.” She walks over to him. “Let’s go” They walk out of the infirmary and, with Rex, head towards Kalee. They land their ship close to Bane’s. Anakin opens the cargo door and starts down the ramp. Ahsoka stands in the door way. “Stay on the ship Snips.”
“I will.” She turns and hides behind a stack of crates. Anakin strides over to Bane’s ship. Bane walks out to meet him. “This ends now Bane!”
“Less talk more action Skywalker!” The two collide.
Later on Anakin and Bane are still fighting. Ahsoka watches from the ship. Bane gets Anakin on the floor. He points his blaster at Anakin’s head. Ahsoka turns away and closes her eyes. Bane pulls the trigger and Ahsoka flinches. She looks back to see Bane throw the three light sabers down next to Anakin and walk away. Ahsoka bites her lip and hesitates. She runs out of the ship and kneels down next to Anakin. “No!” She sees the blast mark on the floor next to his head. He looks up at her. “I thought I told you to stay on the ship.”
“I thought you were dead.” She punches him on the arm and stands up. “Forgetting something snips?”
“Oh yeah.” She picks her light sabers up and walks back to the ship. Anakin sits up and laughs. “Just like me.” He gets up and picks his light saber up.

Back on the cruiser Ahsoka is sleeping. She is woken by her door opening. Anakin walks in. “Did I wake you?”
“What do you think?” She sits up. 
“Sorry.”
“It’s ok. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing I just wanted to say thank you.”
“What for?”
“For keeping your promise.” 
“But I didn’t I left the ship.”
“Yes but you did it because you thought Bane had killed me. I knew he didn’t have the guts.”
“Ok.”
“Right got that off my chest. I’ll see you later.”
“Yep.” Anakin leaves the room and Ahsoka closes her eyes. Just as the door is about to close Bane walks in. He walks over to the bed. He wraps his hand around Ahsoka’s throat. Her eyes shoot open. “Bane!” He squeezes and Ahsoka pushes her com-link, she chokes. “Anakin, Obi-Wan, Rex, Cody, anyone help me Bane is in my quarters! I... I nee...” She passes out and Bane lets her go. He sprinkles a green powder into her water and heads for the door. Anakin bursts in, he grabs Bane and pins him up against the wall. “Why can’t you just leave her alone? Huh? Why Bane?”
“I will kill her Skywalker when you least expect it.”
“I doubt that very much.” Obi-Wan comes into the room. “Anakin let go of him!” Anakin looks at him. He throws Bane to Obi-Wan. “Make sure he doesn’t get away I haven’t finished with him yet.”
“Ok Anakin.” He leads Bane out of the room. Anakin walks over to Ahsoka’s bed. “Ahsoka?”
No response.
“Snips?”
Still no response. He puts his hand on her shoulder. “Sorry Ahsoka.” She lies motionless on the bed. Anakin closes his eyes, and then he hears a faint whisper. “Water.”
“Ahsoka?”
“I need some water.”
“Ok here you go.” He passes her the cup and she sips it.
“Thanks.” He helps her sit up properly. 
“How did he get in here?”
“I don’t know.” She looks at him. “I don’t know.”
“It’s ok snips.” He comforts her. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t do anything.”
“You did the right thing you shouted me.”
“I felt so vulnerable.”
“That’s only natural.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.” He smiles and leaves the room.

Anakin walks into Bane’s cell. “What were you doing in Ahsoka’s quarters?”
“Admiring the view.” Anakin tries to stay calm.
He says through gritted teeth. “That’s my Padawan you’re talking about.”
“I’m well aware of that Skywalker.”
“Right Bane here’s the deal. I let you go and you don’t lay a finger on Ahsoka. Deal?”
“Deal but she will die Skywalker!”
“If anything happens to her I’ll be coming for you.”
“And when that time comes I’ll be long gone. I have a feeling we’ll meet again Skywalker.” Anakin watches as two clones escort bane out and into the hanger. Anakin returns to Ahsoka’s quarters.
When he gets there she is sat on the edge of the bed searching through her draw. “What are you looking for?”
“A key.”
“A key?” Anakin repeats confused.
“Yes.” She pulls at the back panel. “Got it!” she holds out a small brass key in the palm of her hand. “Come on I have to show you something.”
“What?”
“Take me to Kalee and I’ll show you. We have to land where Bane last left me.”
“What for?”
“Stop asking questions please let’s just go.”
“Alright I’ll go get Rex.”
“Ok I’ll meet you in the hanger.” They leave the room.
Anakin and Rex meet Ahsoka in the hanger and go down to Kalee. When they land Ahsoka hands Anakin the key. “Hold this and don’t lose it.” She runs up to a rock and kneels down. Ahsoka turns round holding a small box. “Here.” Ahsoka starts to walk back to them. She takes five steps and collapses. “Ahsoka!” Anakin runs to her. She gives him the box. “Open it. Master I’m…” She passes out. Anakin opens the box. Inside there is a piece of metal he turns it over. There is one simple word carved into it. ‘Sorry’ Anakin looks at Ahsoka. “No snips I’m sorry.” He picks her up. “Come on Rex we better get her back to the cruiser. Anakin sits next to the infirmary bed. Ahsoka’s voice ringing in his ears. “I’m so sorry Master. I didn’t mean for this to happen. It’s all my fault.”
“Ahsoka? Snips can you hear me?” Her finger twitches. “Bane will pay for this.” He starts to walk away. When he gets to the door Ahsoka’s eyes shoot open.  She whispers “Come back I need you.” She closes her eyes again and says in her head. “Please come back I need you by my side I’m scared.” Anakin turns around and walks back to the bed. “Ahsoka?” She looks up at him fear in her eyes.
“I’m scared. I’m going to die aren’t I?” He looks at her not saying a word. “Oh gosh! I am going to die! I’m so scared.” Anakin puts his hand on hers.
“I’m here Ahsoka you’re safe now.”
“I know in order to save you I have to sacrifice myself…”
“No snips!”
“Let me finish. You need me but I need you now. We’ve been through so much. How many times have you said ‘we’ve been in tougher scrapes than this.’ Well here’s a new one. Give me a platoon of droids. Tanks and all. I’d cut them down without being scared one bit. But facing death is so scary. I need your help to survive this. I just ask one thing.”
“What’s that? Anything just say it.”
“Don’t blame yourself for my misfortune.” She screams out in pain. “Ahsoka!”
“Live on knowing that I went proud to call you General Anakin Skywalker my, my master.” She passes out. Her head drops to one side and her right hand hangs lifelessly in Anakin’s hands. “No snips! Don’t do this to me!” Obi-Wan comes in.
“Good news Anakin they made an antidote for the poison.”
“Very good but you’re just a few minutes late.” He stands up and walks out of the infirmary. Obi-Wan walks over to Ahsoka and injects the antidote into her arm. Ahsoka’s breathing becomes stable and Anakin stares in amazement at the courage Ahsoka is showing. She is fighting for her life!

The nurse lets Anakin take Ahsoka to her quarters. She comes round the next day. “Anakin?” He looks up at her and smiles.
“I knew that your courage was in there somewhere.”
“What do you mean?”
“You see snips it’s in our fears that true courage really hides.”
“Oh.” She tries to sit up but he stops her.
“You’re still too weak Ahsoka.”
“What happened to me anyway?”
“Bane poisoned you.”
“How?”
“Like he always does it in your water.”
“Well I’ll just stop drinking water then.”
“Don’t be silly snips.”
“Urm…everything I said back in the infirmary I meant it you know?”
“I know you did.” He pats her shoulder and stands up to walk out of the room. Ahsoka’s face washes with fear. “Where are you going?” She watches him. Anakin turns around to face her. “Just outside to tell Obi-Wan you’re ok.”
“Don’t go.”
“Why?”
“Because every time you leave me Bane comes back.” He walks back to the bed. “Ahsoka I’m just on the other side of the door Bane can’t get in here so don’t worry. If he comes within five feet of you I’ll kill him. Now if you need me I’ll be outside.”
“Don’t go far.”
“I won’t snips don’t worry.” He walks out of the room.
A few seconds later Bane drops from the ceiling in front of Ahsoka. “Ana…” He covers her mouth. She elbows him in the stomach and tries to run to the door. “Anakin!” the door opens as Bane grabs Ahsoka. “No let me go!” She struggles. He turns her round to face Anakin. He puts his blaster to Ahsoka’s head. She looks at Anakin as if to say. ‘You said he wouldn’t get to me.’
“Let her go Bane!”
“I told you I would kill her Skywalker.”
“You are pathetic Bane, she’s a child!” Ahsoka looks at Anakin, who is surprisingly calm, with horror. She mouths. “Master don’t, just let him shoot me!” Anakin steps forwards. Bane throws Ahsoka to the floor and points the blaster at Anakin. “Give it up Bane you can’t win!”
“I won’t stop until she is dead and you are suffering.” He shoots at Anakin but he blocks it. “Give yourself up!”
“Never!” Ahsoka looks up at Anakin. 
“Master don’t!”
“No snips I’m going to finish this!”
“Don’t this is not how I want this to end!” She jumps up and grabs Bane. He drops his blaster and backs up to the wall. Ahsoka is slammed into the wall and a knife concealed in Bane’s coat stabs her in the stomach. She slides down the wall holding her stomach. Anakin cuts Bane’s oxygen pipe and swings round into his torso. “You lose Bane!” He steps over Bane’s body and squats in front of Ahsoka. “Snips?”
“I need to go to the infirmary now.”
“Why?” She takes her hands away from her stomach.
“I’ve just been stabbed.” She looks at him. “Bane still might have won.”
“No snips he won’t I promise.” He picks her up. “Just keep pressure on it.”
“I will.” She smiles at him but her eyes show how scared she is. “Ahsoka you won’t die ok?”
“Ok.”

When they get into the infirmary Anakin lays Ahsoka on a bed and calls Obi-Wan. “Bane is in Ahsoka’s quarters. We are in the infirmary.” He stops and listens.
“No it’s not me it’s Ahsoka.” His voice goes really quiet. “She was stabbed and the chances aren’t very good.” Ahsoka watches as Anakin walks back to the bed.
“I’m not going to make it am I?” Her eyes dart across Anakin’s face looking for an answer.
“I don’t know.”
“That means yes.”
“No it doesn’t snips.”
“Yes it does I know you.”
“Ahsoka you’ll be ok for now.”
“Can I help you?” A medical-droid comes up to them. 
“Yes she’s been stabbed.”
“I can talk on my own master.” Ahsoka smiles at him but she is nearly in tears. The medical-droid looks at her wound. It tests her blood for any impurities. He pulls Anakin aside. “Sir I found traces of a very rare and deadly poison in the blood.”
“Really?” He glances at Ahsoka. “Can you get a nurse or doctor that isn’t a droid please.”
“Yes sir.” The medical-droid goes off.
Five minutes later a nurse comes up to the bed. “I have confirmed what the droid told you. I’m afraid to say that unless we find a blood donor she will die.”
“Why? What do you mean?”
“I mean she needs a complete blood transfusion but we don’t have enough blood supply.”
“So you need a volunteer?” He looks at Ahsoka. “I’ll do it.” 
“Sir you might die in the process.” 
“I don’t care if she lives I’ll be happy.”
“What are you going to do now?”
“I’m going to save your life snips.”
“How?”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“It does to me.” The nurse walks over to her and starts to drain her blood. Ahsoka falls unconscious.

She wakes up and sees Anakin laid on the bed next to her. “What?” She looks down at the small tube transferring Anakin’s blood into her. “No!” she pulls it out of her arm and Anakin looks at her. “What are you doing Ahsoka?”
“I won’t go through with this.”
“Why not?”
“Because.”
“Because what?”
“I don’t need a reason. I’ll get through this by myself. Without your help ok?”
“I…” He sighs. “Ok snips if that’s what you want it’s fine with me.”
“Really?”
“No but I’m not arguing with you.”
“Oh ok.” Both Anakin and Ahsoka live to fight another day. Bane on the other hand was not so fortunate or so they think. Grievous finds him and nurses him back to health together they are an even greater threat to the Jedi trio.

Chapter 2: Cloned!
Bravery does not mean heroism.
Obi-Wan and Anakin receive a transmission from General Grievous. “So Kenobi you can choose between Skywalker and his Padawan.” The transmission ends and Anakin walks away from Obi-Wan. “And where do you think you are going Anakin?”
“To save my Padawan, come on R2.”
“Now wait a minute, Anakin don’t give him what he wants. I thought you knew better, do you not trust your Padawan to get out of this herself?”
“I have all my trust in Ahsoka but I promised her I would help her by any means.”
“And since when have you kept a promise?”
“This would be one of the first.”
“Well at least take some troops I don’t want you to do this on your own. You are no use to anyone dead Anakin.” 
“You worry about me too much master.” Anakin goes down to the hanger. Rex and Topper are cleaning the heavy guns on a walker. “Hey Rex get your things we’re going to a party!” Anakin shouts over to them.
“Yes sir!”
On Grievous’ ship Ahsoka is locked away in a cell. Grievous walks over to her. “Your master didn’t seem that bothered about your life being in danger.”
“If I had my sabers you would be in danger!”
“But you haven’t pathetic Jedi.” Behind him the door begins to glow. She looks at it and smiles. “What are you laughing at?” He turns around to see Anakin stood in front of him. “Foolish Jedi!” Anakin winks at Ahsoka and jumps over Grievous. Anakin pushes the button to open the cell. “Master!” She points behind him. He turns round and blocks Grievous’ shot. Anakin struggles to keep Grievous away. Ahsoka jumps onto Grievous’ back. He reaches back and throws her across the room. “Ahsoka!” Anakin uses the force to push Grievous aside and runs over to Ahsoka. “Snips hold on Ahsoka!” He picks her up and spots her lightsabers on the floor. He picks them up too and storms out of the room and off the ship.

Three days later Ahsoka wakes up in the infirmary. Anakin is sat on the end of the bed arguing with Obi-Wan. “But it wasn’t my fault. You know what just forget it!” He takes his communicator off and throws it across the room. “Having trouble master?” Ahsoka laughs.
“Snips, you’re ok.” He smiles at her. “You are very lucky Ahsoka.”
“What do you mean?”
“A number of things, now get some rest.”
“Rest? That’s the last thing I need master.”
“I like your enthusiasm snips but you need to rest.” He stands up and walks out of the infirmary. Ahsoka lays back and sighs. “Rest yeah right.” She throws the covers away and stands up. Her legs collapse and she falls to the floor. Two nurses come over to her and help her back onto the bed. Ahsoka starts to sweat as her temperature intensifies. “Nurse something is wrong get my master Anakin sky...” Ahsoka passes out and begins to have a seizure. “Quickly get General Skywalker!” One of the nurses runs out of the infirmary while the other tries to secure Ahsoka. When Anakin gets to the infirmary Ahsoka is unconscious. “Ahsoka, Snips?” He turns to the nurse. “What happened to her?”
“We’re not sure she collapsed, started to burn up and then had a seizure. Finally she fell unconscious.”
“So you do know why?”
“No sorry sir.”
“Right ok.” He starts to walk out of the infirmary. “If she wakes up make sure she stays here.”
“Yes sir!”
In the communication room Obi-Wan looks at the door. “Five, four, three, two, one.” Anakin throws the doors open right on cue and as he does so a transmission comes through. “Skywalker, tell me how is your Padawan?” General Grievous laughs.
“What did you do to her?”
“The question is what am I doing to her?”
“What?”
“It’s time to choose Kenobi, Skywalker or his Padawan?”
“Take me leave Ahsoka alone!”
“So be it, oh and Skywalker remember I control of her body. So any funny business and she dies!” Anakin walks out of the control room and takes a fighter.
In the infirmary Ahsoka wakes up with a start. “Master!” She looks around. “No nurses, no-one’s awake, lightsabers at my side it’s like he wanted me to follow him.” She gets up and runs out of the infirmary. Ahsoka runs into the main hanger and starts to get into a fighter. “Don’t  go Ahsoka you’ll only make things worse.” “Try and stop me!” She takes off and leaves Obi-Wan stood in the middle of the hanger. “Right down to Kalee.” Ahsoka heads towards the planet.

When she gets into the atmosphere she sees smoke rising. “Well I guess that means he’s on the planet then.” Ahsoka lands next to the wreckage of Anakin’s fighter. She starts to look for him. Then she spots his arm under the wreck. Ahsoka runs over to him. She force lifts some of the smaller debris but is too weak to lift the rest. She drags him from the wreck and lays him up against a rock. “Master..?” She sits next to him. “Grievous has gone too far this time.” She leaves Anakin and finds some droids on patrol. She follows them to Grievous’ ship. “Don’t worry master, you’re going to get out of this.” She cautiously walks through the ship. “Where are you?” She peers round a corner two droids are heading her way so she stands close to the wall. The droids pass and she goes round the corner. Grievous looks at her and grabs her arm. “I knew you would come to save your master but he is dead and there’s nothing you can do about it!”
“You didn’t kill him and you never will.”
“We’ll see about that.” He clasps his hand around her throat and takes her back to the crash site.
Anakin wakes up to find Ahsoka laid next to him and Grievous’ foot prints leading away. “She came to get me! Ahsoka, Snips?” He rests her head on his lap. Her eyes flicker and open. “You’re alive that’s good.” She smiles at him and sits up. “What were you thinking?”
“I...”
“You are just a Padawan!”
“Exactly if I die it doesn’t matter but if you die the republic might as well surrender to the separatists.”
“Ahsoka is right Anakin.”
“Oh great.” Anakin looks up at Obi-Wan.
“Master make me a promise that you won’t let me die for nothing, get off this planet!”
“You are not going to die Snips!”
“Sorry...” She passes out and Anakin stands up and starts to follow Grievous’ foot prints. “Where are you going?”
“Where’d you think?”
“Don’t Anakin this is not what she wanted you to do.”
“Thais is what I want to do.”
“Don’t do it!”
“Try and stop me!” He runs off leaving Ahsoka with Obi-Wan.

When he gets to the ship Anakin finds Grievous in the bridge. He turns the chair round but it’s just a hologram. “Grievous!”
“Skywalker!” A Magna-Guard steps forward and Anakin gets his lightsaber ready. They start to fight, it pins him to the floor. “Any last words?”
“You took my most prise possession, the one person who could change my life and you killed her!” He force pushes the Droid away and a green saber goes right through its chest plate. It falls to the floor and Ahsoka runs over to Anakin. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah I’m fine.” He stands up. “Ahsoka look out!” He pushes her out of the way. A group of droids start to fire at them. Anakin and Ahsoka manage to hold off the droids. “Well that was ea...” Ahsoka’s sentence is cut short when she is hit in the shoulder by a droid from behind. She falls to the floor and Anakin stares in shock. “Ahsoka!” He fights the droids off and helps Ahsoka to her feet. “Are you alright?”
“I can walk if that’s what you mean?” She looks up at him.
They get out of the ship and Ahsoka collapses. Anakin drops to his knees next to her. “Snips? Come on don’t do this now.”
“Grievous is not defeated.” He picks her up and goes back to the crash site. 
“How are we gonna get out of here?”
“Need a lift?” Obi-Wan shows him the ship. “What happened to Ahsoka?”
“Two things.” Anakin climbs aboard and lies Ahsoka down on the floor. “You’ll be ok now.”
When they get back to the cruiser, Anakin takes Ahsoka to the infirmary. They operate on her shoulder and she is taken back to the bed. “Snips, you have got to stop doing that.”
“What?”
“Scaring me!” Anakin smiles at her. “Now get some rest and stay here.”
“Oh come on you know me better than that.”
“Promise me.”
“Ok I won’t come out unless it is an emergency.”
“Good enough, I’ll see you later.” Anakin leaves the infirmary and goes off to find Obi-wan. Ahsoka falls asleep.
A few hours later Ahsoka wakes up with a sharp pain in her stomach. There are no nurses so she decides that this is an emergency. She gets out of bed and makes her way through the corridors. She runs in to a group of clones. “Have you seen General Skywalker?”
“Yes, he’s in the com-centre.”
“Thanks.” Ahsoka runs down the corridor towards the com-centre. When she gets there Ahsoka opens the door and stands in the door way. Obi-Wan, Anakin and Mace look up at her. “Ahsoka what’s wrong?”
“Grievous...help me!” Ahsoka collapses and Anakin tries to run over to her but Obi-Wan holds him back. “Leave her Anakin! I have a feeling that Grievous isn’t finished.” Mace picks Ahsoka up and takes her back to the infirmary. Obi-Wan lets go of Anakin. “Have you heard anything from Rex?”
“No, I don’t get it how could we lose contact?”
“Ok we’ve waited long enough, I’ll go down with a rescue team. We’ll have them back before Ahsoka wakes up.” Anakin walks out of the com-centre. On his way to the hanger Anakin stops by the infirmary to say good bye to Ahsoka.

Ahsoka wakes up to find Obi-Wan at the end of the bed. “Where’s Anakin?”
“We don’t know Ahsoka, he went down to Kalee on a rescue mission and we lost communication.”
“What?!” She pushes the covers away and gets out of the bed. “I’ve got to get down there and find him.” As she walks through the doors Rex and a group of clones bring Anakin in. Ahsoka gaps and drops to her knees. Obi-Wan watches as they put Anakin on a bed then walks over to Ahsoka. “Ahsoka?”
“I was too late, this is my fault. Why him? Why not me?”
“Don’t blame yourself your master is a fighter and that’s just what he’ll do so don’t worry about it.”
“But...”
“No buts, now go to your quarters and get some rest.” He helps her to her feet and sends a clone with her too make sure she gets there.
A few hours later Anakin wakes up in the infirmary. “How did I get back here?” He sits up. “Ahsoka!” Anakin gets out of bed and walks out of the infirmary, right into Obi-Wan. “Ah, Anakin nice to see you up and about.”
“Where’s Ahsoka?”
“I sent her to her quarters. She was distraught when she saw you come in.”
“You left her on her own?”
“Don’t worry Anakin she’s...” Anakin pushes past him. “Anakin!”
Anakin reaches Ahsoka’s quarters and bangs on the door. “Ahsoka, are you alright?!” He bangs on the door again. “Something is wrong.” Anakin opens the door and walks in. “Snips, hello?” He finds her on the floor next to her bed with blood dribbling out of her mouth. He sits on the floor next to her and rolls her over. Anakin starts to recall times when he has had to save Ahsoka. ‘I’ll find her!’ ‘Took you long enough.’ ‘Yeah well I knew you had a great view’ ‘No master, don’t do it!’ ‘I won’t let you die Ahsoka.’ The voices stop and Anakin looks down at Ahsoka. “I’m so sorry Snips I said I wouldn’t let you die.” A tear rolls down his cheek and drips into Ahsoka’s hand. She starts to breathe normally and her eyes shoot open. “Ahsoka, are you..?”
“I think Grievous has stopped now, I am fine.”
“Just to make sure we’ll wait a couple of hours. Oh and Ahsoka, good to have you back to normal.”
“Yes it is.” Anakin stands up and helps her up.
“Don’t lose contact with me if anything happens call me ok?”
“Ok.”
“I’ll see you later.” Ahsoka runs after him.
“Anakin, what happened on Kalee?”
“Urm, I can’t remember.”
“Right ok.” She laughs to herself.
In the com-centre Obi-Wan, Anakin, Mace and Rex are talking to master Yoda. “Be careful with Grievous you must.”
“Thank you for pointing that out master.” Yoda shivers. “What is it?”
“Your vicinity an intruder there is within.”
“Where?” Anakin turns to Rex. “Search for any breaches in security.” Rex goes to work. “Sir there’s a breach in the west wing.”
“West wing, what could they want from the west wing?” Mace looks at Anakin. “Well the infirmary and the…” Anakin’s eyes widen. “Ahsoka!” He runs out of the room followed by Mace. Obi-Wan signs off with Yoda and follows after Mace and Anakin.
When he gets there, Obi-Wan finds Anakin and Mace fighting with Cad Bane. He sees the door to Ahsoka’s room half open. Obi-Wan goes into the room. “Anakin, get in here!”
“I’m a little busy!”
“Mace has killed one bounty hunter this one is no different!”
“Alright, I’m coming!” Anakin runs in to the room. “What?”
“Look.” Obi-Wan points at Ahsoka. She is sat on the edge of her bed, in some sort of trance. “Ahsoka?” Mace shouts Obi-Wan and he leaves Anakin with Ahsoka. Anakin walks over to Ahsoka. “Are you alright Snips?” He waves his hand in front of her face then her notices a small cut on her left palm. “What has Bane been up to in here?” He tries to wake her but fails.  Cad Bane leaves the cruiser and        Obi-Wan  walks back in to the room. “Have you tried this?” Obi-Wan clicks his Fingers in front of her face. Ahsoka shakes her head and looks at them both. “What happened?”
“You mean you don’t know?”
“No, why?”

On Grievous’ ship Cad Bane hands Grievous a small vial. “Ahsoka Tano’s blood.”
“You have served me well Cad Bane.” Grievous gives the vial to a droid. 
“And what of my payment?”
“Be patient you will have your revenge on Skywalker soon enough.”
“Good.” The droid puts the vial on a small platform a laser scans the vial and then a machine creates a clone of Ahsoka.
Back on the cruiser Anakin and Ahsoka are walking to the canteen. Cad Bane and the cloned Ahsoka come from behind. Bane puts his hand over  Ahsoka’s mouth and drags her back. The clone takes her place and Anakin carries on talking thinking that it is the real Ahsoka. They go to the canteen and start to get their food. Meanwhile Ahsoka is being taken to a ship. Cad Bane throws her on board. “What do you want from me?”
“Your life!”
“What?” He lunges at her but she moves away. He grabs her ankle. “What are you doing?” He shocks her and she lies helplessly on the floor. 
“I’m taking you to see an old friend of mine. I believe you have met him before my dear.” He laughs and leaves Ahsoka in the cargo hold.
When they get to Grievous’ ship Cad Bane shows Ahsoka to the bridge. Grievous stands up and walks over to them. “How did you like my little clone? It means that we can kill you and Skywalker will be none the wiser.”
“You are pure evil Grievous!”
“Thank you.” He laughs. “Take her to the cells.” Cad Bane takes Ahsoka off the bridge and down to the cells. “You will meet your end soon enough.” He leaves her guarded by two droids. “Hey you!” One droid turns around.
“Who me?”
“Yeah, come here.” The droid walks over to the cell. “Just press that button please, my friend is in danger and I need your help.” The droid pushes the button and Ahsoka runs out of the room. “Stupid tinny.”
Back on the cruiser Anakin senses that something is not quite right. “Ahsoka?”
“Yes master?”
“Can you remember what happened on Kalee?”
“Of course I can.”
“What then?”
“Oh, would you look at the time I’ve got to go!” She runs off out of the canteen. “That was a close one.” The clone walks down the corridor and into Ahsoka’s room.

Meanwhile Ahsoka reaches an escape pod. She gets in but Cad Bane stops it from ejecting. “Where do you think you are going?”
“To save my master.”
“I think not!” He throws a gas capsule into the pod and seals it. The escape pod ejects and inside Ahsoka is trying to use her com-link but it is out of range. She records a Message. “If anyone finds this, I want them to know that the Ahsoka Tano on the republic cruiser, with Anakin Skywalker, is a clone of me. Master if you see this I want you to know, I’m sorry.” Ahsoka passes out and falls to the floor.
A few minutes later Rex spots the pod and alerts Obi-Wan. “Bring it into the hanger, I feel that this pod is different.”
“Yes sir!” He takes a tugger out and brings the pod back to the cruiser. Obi-Wan looks through the window. “It’s filled with gas, put your masks on!” Rex opens the door and steps inside. “Sir you might want to see this.” Obi-Wan steps into the pod and looks at Ahsoka. “Anakin I need you in the main hanger.”
“I’ll be a few minutes.” Anakin runs into the hanger. “What did you want?”
“Look in here.” Anakin steps into the pod. 
“So which one is the real Ahsoka?” 
“My guess is this one because she left a message.” Obi-Wan plays it.
“We have to help her.”
“I know Anakin but the pod was filled with gas…”
“I’m not listening to excuses.”
“Ok, take her to the infirmary then.”
“No, I don’t want her waking up in there. I’ll take her to her quarters, send a nurse there.” Anakin picks Ahsoka up and carries her out of the hanger. Obi-Wan follows him and goes to get a nurse. When Anakin reaches Ahsoka’s quarters, he finds the room empty. He lays her on the bed and leaves her with the nurse.    Obi-Wan is in the corridor. “Well, Anakin?”
“She’s alive!” He storms off down the corridor.

Later on Ahsoka slowly wakes up. “Why am I in my quarters, am I dead?” 
“No young one but you were close to it, so you need to gather your strength.” The nurse leaves the room. “But how did I get here?” Anakin walks in.
“Snips?”
“It’s good to see a familiar face.”
“It’s nice to see you as well. I’m sorry that I didn’t realise sooner.”
“It’s not your fault it’s mine.”
“No it isn’t I should be more careful.”
“I’m not arguing with you.” She laughs.
“Ok, get some rest. I’ll come and get you later, master Yoda wants to speak to you.”
“Ok.” She closes her eyes and opens them again. Anakin is staring at her. “I thought you were going now.”
“Yeah I am.”
“Ok, go on then.”
“I’m going Ahsoka.” He leaves the room. Ahsoka rolls over and falls asleep.
Five hours later Anakin goes back to her quarters to wake her up. He knocks on the door. “Ahsoka, come on!” There is no answer so he goes in. He walks round the corner and sees a plant growing around Ahsoka. “Ahsoka!” He runs over to it. “What the..? Obi-Wan I want you to see something.”
“What?”
“In Ahsoka’s room.”
“Right ok.”
“Where are you?”
“Just round the corner.”
“Ok.” Anakin stops the connection and stands staring at Ahsoka. Obi-Wan walks in just as Anakin gets his lightsaber out. “Anakin calm down!”
“But look at her, just look at her!”
“I am Anakin, I can see her just as well as you can and it seems that the gas was actually tiny spores.”
“You’re saying that, that thing is growing in as well as on her?”
“Yes.”
“But it’s like a cocoon it will suffocate her we have to cut it off!”
“No, Anakin, I want to study it.”
“That’s my Padawan you’re talking about!” He storms out of the room. Anakin punches the wall, turns round and slides to the floor. He stares at the floor, his hands dangling by his legs. “Anakin..?” He looks up at Obi-Wan, who squats in front of him. “The only way to help Ahsoka is to examine that plant.” Anakin stands up and they hear Ahsoka scream. Anakin runs into the room. “Ahsoka!”
“What’s happening to me?”
“We don’t know Ahsoka.” Her face goes pale. “Ahsoka, are you..?”
“I can’t breathe.” She passes out and Anakin goes to rip the plant away.
“Don’t touch it Anakin, it might be poisonous.”
“I don’t care! Ahsoka come on don’t leave me, Ahsoka!” He tears at it but nothing happens. “Damn it!” He stands up and walks out of the room. Obi-Wan stands and watches him, then he bends down and picks a scrap of the plant up. “I’ll take this for testing.” Obi-Wan walks past Anakin. 

Obi-Wan comes back an hour later with a cup of water. “You need to keep her hydrated because the roots are feeding off her.”
“What?” Obi-Wan hands him the cup.
“I’ll see you later, hopefully with an antidote.” Obi-Wan leaves the room again. Anakin lifts Ahsoka’s head up and pours some water into her mouth. “Oh, Snips.” He lays her head back on the pillow and puts the cup on the table. Anakin sits on the floor next to the bed and falls asleep.
Six hours later Obi-Wan comes in to the room. “Anakin!” Anakin stands up and looks at the bed. Ahsoka is completely covered in the plant. “Ahsoka?” He steps back and Obi-Wan walks over to the bed. He drops some green liquid onto the plant and it recedes. Anakin steps forward. “Snips?” Ahsoka opens her eyes and smiles at him. “How did you get that thing off me?”
“It doesn’t matter, the fact we did is good enough for me.”
“Oh, ok.”
“Get your strength up, you’ll need it later.”
“Ok.” Obi-Wan and Anakin leave the room. Cad Bane comes from the shadows and walks over to Ahsoka’s bed. “Well done.” He whispers in her ear. Ahsoka’s eyes shoot open. “Cad Bane!”
“Yes it’s me.” He goes to grab her but catches the com-link. It goes through to Anakin. Ahsoka grabs her lightsabers and lunges at Bane. Anakin runs in and pushes Bane away from Ahsoka. She looks at him. “What are you doing?” “Helping you!” He pins Cad Bane to the wall. “You ever come near her again and I will personally kill you!”
“Not before she dies Skywalker.” Cad Bane is taken away by two clones. Anakin turns to Ahsoka. “Are you alright?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“Good, come on Master Yoda is waiting for you.”
“What does he want to talk to me about?”
“I think you already know the answer Snips.”

After the meeting with Yoda, Anakin walks Ahsoka back to her quarters. “Are you sure you’ll be ok?”
“Yes, I will now Bane is captured.”
“Just be careful Ahsoka.”
“I will.” She opens the door. “I’m  just going to do what you’ve been nagging me 
About, I’m going to get some rest.” She closes the door on him.
“Ahsoka!” She opens the door.
“What?”
“Are you sure..?”
“Yes, I’m sure I’m ok.” She closes the door again and walks over to the bed. Ahsoka lies down and falls asleep.
Meanwhile Padme meets Anakin on the bridge. “It’s nice to see you again.”
“Yes, how is Ahsoka?”
“She’s ok for now.”
“Good.”
“Do you want to go and see her?”
“If that’s alright? Yes please.”
“Ok, follow me.” They walk to Ahsoka’s quarters. When they get there Ahsoka is still sleeping. “Anakin she’s sleeping leave her I’ll see her another time.” Anakin looks at her. “No she’s gonna wake up pretty soon watch.” He steps forward and whispers in her ear. “Snips, Ahsoka Bane is going up in front of the council wanna come and watch?”
“Anakin don’t.” Padme looks at him and shakes her head.
“Wait, five, four, three, two, and one.” Anakin points to Ahsoka and she sits up.
“Is he?”
“No I just said that to wake you up.”
“I hate you!”
“Hate is such a powerful word Snips.”
“Just next time will…” She stops when she sees Padme. “Why are you here?”
“Ahsoka!” Anakin looks in disgust at her manners.
“It’s ok she learnt from the best.” Ahsoka and Padme burst out laughing.
“Hey!” Anakin realises what she just said.
“No, senator I’m sorry, I’m just very uneasy at the moment.” Ahsoka picks the cup up and gulps the water. “Thirsty Snip?” Anakin laughs.
“Surprisingly yes I am. Maybe we could all go to the food court.” 
“I’m sorry Ahsoka but really must rest.”
“I know so I’ll see you soon.” Anakin and Padme leave the room and Ahsoka goes back to sleep.
Ahsoka wakes up really thirsty so she gets up and heads towards the food court. She turns a corner and literally bumps into Rex. “Sorry Rex I wasn’t watching where I was going.”
“Oh, it’s ok, how are you doing?”
“I feel a bit funny to be honest.”
“Where are you heading?”
“The food court.”
“I was just going to see the general, we found poison hidden in Bane’s cell.”
“Really, I wonder if it has anything to do with my thirst all of a sudden.” Ahsoka sways and faints. Rex catches her and calls Anakin. “General you better come to the food court.”
“Why Rex, what’s happened?”
“It’s Ahsoka sir.”
“What?! I’ll be right there!” A few minutes later Anakin comes airing round the corner. When he sees Ahsoka laid on the floor, he kneels down next to her. “Rex what happened?”
“She swayed and fainted sir.”
“Go and tell Obi-Wan to meet me at Ahsoka’s quarters.” Anakin picks Ahsoka up and Rex goes off to find Obi-Wan.
Anakin lays Ahsoka on her bed. “What happened to you this time?” Obi-Wan walks in. “She was poisoned.”
“What?” Anakin turns round and looks at him. “How?”
“Bane must have put it in her water.”
“No that doesn’t make sense.”
“Why not?”
“Because when me and Padme came earlier she was thirsty that means he must have done it before.”
“Yes, I’ll go and question Bane. I might be able to get an answer.”
“I’ll go and talk to Rex about what happened.” They leave Ahsoka. As the door closes her eyes shoot open. “Grievous!” She grabs her lightsabers and runs out of her room.
On the bridge Anakin is talking to Rex when a trooper pats his shoulder. “Sir we have an unauthorised take off in the main hanger.”
“I’m gonna kill her!”
“What should I do sir?”
“Open a com-channel.”  The trooper opens a channel to Ahsoka’s fighter. “Ahsoka, what are you doing?!”
“Nothing for you!” She locks him out.
“Ahsoka!”

On Kalee Ahsoka lands at the top of a cliff. She gets her binoculars out and starts to watch Grievous’ ship/ “He’s got to come outside sometime.” 
“Who has?” Ahsoka rolls over to see Grievous towering over her. She stands up and gets her lightsabers out. “Do you really think you can defeat me? Stupid child!”
“I’m not just a child!” She lashes out at him but he blocks it and pushes her backwards. Ahsoka’s feet slide off the edge of the cliff and she clutches at the dirt. “Any last words Jedi?!”
“Just one request, leave my master alone!” Ahsoka lets go and plummets to the floor. Grievous jumps down after her. Ahsoka hits her head on a rock and falls unconscious. Grievous rolls her over, cutting her back with his fingers. “Pathetic!” He leaves her at the base of the cliff and goes back to his ship.
Hours later, Anakin lands on Kalee with a rescue team. “Right Rex you take the team down that way and I’ll head for Grievous’ ship.” They split and soon enough Anakin comes to the base of the cliff. “Snips!” He runs over to her. “Snips!” He pulls her up onto his knee. Anakin lifts his hand up and sees the blood. “Oh Snips, I’m sorry.” He calls Rex. “Rex I’ve got her but we have to be quick she’s not got long left.”
“Right sir, where are you? We’ll come and pick you up.”
“At the base of the cliff near Grievous’ ship, I’ll have to take Ahsoka’s fighter as soon as you get here.”
“Yes sir.” When Rex comes he puts Ahsoka on a stretcher. “We’ll take good care of her, don’t worry.”
“I know you will Rex.” Anakin follows Rex back to the cruiser.
In Ahsoka’s quarters Rex lays her down onto the bed. She has a big dressing covering her back. Obi-Wan and Anakin walk in just as the nurse leaves. “Why did she do it?”
“I don’t know exactly but I have a pretty good idea why she went after Grievous.”
“Yes, Why?”
“She wanted to save me!” Anakin turns and walks out of the room with Ahsoka’s lightsabers. Obi-Wan follows him. Bane, who is in a clone uniform, walks past them. Obi-Wan turns to him. “Trooper, stay in Ahsoka’s room and call me when she wakes up.” Bane nods and goes into the room. Anakin locks the door and Bane takes the helmet off. He walks over to the bed and leans towards Ahsoka. “Sleep well you’ll need your strength.” He goes and hides in a corner of the room. 

Ahsoka sits up. “Ah, what the..?” Bane hears her and climbs up the wall. Ahsoka sees him and gets out of bed. His hat falls off and she picks it up. “Bane?” She turns round and looks up. “Don’t you know you shouldn’t touch things that don’t belong to you?” He jumps down and Ahsoka runs over to her draws. “Where are they?”
“Lost something have we, have you tried asking your master?”
“What? Oh.” He gets his blasters out and points them at her. Ahsoka runs into the bathroom and slams the door. She calls Anakin. “Bane is trying to kill me!”
“Don’t bug me Ahsoka!”
“No, really please listen!”
“Not now!” Anakin ends the transmission and Ahsoka takes the communicator off and throws it at Bane. The communicator starts to beep and Bane picks it up. Anakin shouts. “Ahsoka stay where you are I’m on my way!”
“You’re too late Skywalker!” He drops it and stands on it. He forces the door open and Ahsoka force pushes his blasters out of his hands. “Now this is a fair fight!”
“No it isn’t you have the force don’t you?”
“I won’t use it.”
“Fair deal.” They start to fight. Cad Bane kicks her and Ahsoka staggers backwards. She head butts the wall and falls unconscious. “Fair fight, fair win!” He puts the clone uniform back on and walks out of the room.
Anakin runs into the room. “Ahsoka!” He runs into the bathroom and sees her slumped against the wall. “Damn it!” He puts her lightsabers on her bed and goes into the corridor. Obi-Wan looks at him. “Anakin?”
“We were too late.” He walks off and Obi-Wan walks into the bathroom. With help from Rex, Obi-Wan lies Ahsoka back on her bed. Anakin comes back in and takes Ahsoka’s lightsabers. Obi-Wan stays with Ahsoka. When she wakes up Ahsoka looks around. Obi-Wan looks at her. “Where’s..?”
“Looking for Bane.”
“Oh.” Obi-Wan gets called into the com-centre. Anakin walks in.
“We can’t find Bane is Ahsoka alright?”
“Yes she’s a wake now.” Obi-Wan walks past him. “If you need me I’ll be in the communication centre.”
“Ok.” Anakin walks in and Ahsoka looks up at him.
“Where are my lightsabers?”
“Nice to see you too Snips. Look I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you.”
“Well it’s nothing new.”
“You have to be more careful.”
“You need to listen to me.”
“No Ahsoka you need to listen to me, your master, any way I have your lightsabers.”
“But they’re mine give ‘em back!” She gets up and walks over to him.
“No you’re not having them because you’ll go after Grievous.”
“No I won’t, just give ‘em me!”
“No!” With no warning she punches him in the face. Blood streams down his face and he walks out of the room. Ahsoka stands in shock at what she had just done to Anakin. “What did I do?”

Anakin bursts into the communication centre. Obi-Wan looks at him and smirks. “What happened to you?”
“I’m fine.”
“Anakin I think you’ve broken your nose.”
“I’m fine!” He hits the control panel.
“You don’t look fine, so what happened?”
“Ahsoka hit me.”
“Why? That doesn’t sound like her at all.”
“I know.”
“What did you do?”
“I took her lightsabers.”
“So you deserved it then?”
“What?” He starts to walk out again and turns to Obi-Wan. “You are unbelievable!” The door closes behind him and Obi-Wan turns to Rex.
“I believe Anakin is a little upset.”
“Definitely!” Rex’s communicator starts to flash and he pushes the button. 
“Rex! Where are you?”
“I’m in the communication centre why?”
“I need your assistance.”
“Why what’s happened?”
“Urm are you on your own?”
“No General Kenobi is with me, what’s wrong Ahsoka?”
“Well Anakin has locked me in my room and I can’t get out. So I was wondering if you could come down here and blast the door down.”
“I don’t think that is possible.”
“Please, I can’t just stay in here.” Rex looks over at Obi-Wan.
“Well sir?”
“Hang on Ahsoka I’ll come and let you out there is no need to create damage to the cruiser.”
“Ok, hurry up I can’t stand it any longer.”
“Why not?”
“Do I need a reason?”
“No, alright I’m on my way.” Obi-Wan makes his way to her quarters. When he gets into her room, Ahsoka is sat cross legged on her bed cutting away at the bandage round her middle. “What are you doing Ahsoka?”
“It was annoying me.” She takes the dressing off and throws it to the floor. She smiles at him and Obi-Wan looks at her. “I don’t think you realise how alike you and Anakin are.”
“Yeah you really think so?”
“Yes I do.”
“Where did he go?”
“He can’t have gone far. Come on I’ll help you look for him. Maybe I can persuade him to give you your lightsabers back.”
“I don’t think so.” They walk out of the room and go separate ways.
Ahsoka finds him stood in the middle of the corridor staring into mid-air. “Hey!” She runs over to Anakin. “Look I’m sorry about punching you. I don’t know what came over me, I just did it.” Anakin doesn’t respond. Ahsoka clicks her fingers in his face and nothing happens. “I’ve found him but he’s acting weird.”
“You did punch him in the face.”
“No I mean he’s not himself.”
“How come?”
“I think you need to see him for yourself.” Anakin’s fingers start to move. “Are you ok?” His hand shoots up and pins her against the wall. “What are you doing?” He lifts her up off the floor and strangles her. Obi-Wan runs round the corner just as Ahsoka passes out. “Anakin!” He drops Ahsoka and looks at Obi-Wan. He turns his attention to Ahsoka, Anakin steps back and comes out of his trance like state. “Oh, no! What did I do?”
“You just strangled her!”
“What, why?”
“I don’t know, I think your mind has been taken over by someone else.”
“I would never let that happen.”
“Neither would Ahsoka but the same thing happened.”
“This is different.”
“No it isn’t Anakin, just because you aren’t her...” He points to Ahsoka. “Doesn’t mean you are immune to these things.”
“I’m more trained than she is, so I can control myself.”
“Well obviously you can’t can you?!”
“If you would just let me explain!”
“Well go on then!” Ahsoka sits up and looks at Obi-Wan and Anakin. Neither of them realise that she has woken up and carry on arguing. “Ladies please break it up.” She stands up and Anakin hugs her.
“Oh, Snips I’m sorry.”
“You’re crushing me I can’t breathe.”
“Sorry.” He looks at Obi-Wan. “See I didn’t kill her.”
“I never said you did.”
“Yes you did a couple of minutes ago.”
“Ok, I’m out of here.” Ahsoka steps around Anakin.
“Where are you going now?”
“To get something to eat.”
“Be careful.”
“I will and if I see Bane I’ll kill him.”
“Ahsoka!”
“Only joking if I see him I’ll tell you and then I’ll kill him.” Obi-Wan looks at Anakin and smiles. “I swear she gets more and more like you every day.”
“So you keep on saying. “ Anakin runs after Ahsoka.

As he runs round the corner he sees Bane pinning Ahsoka to the wall. “Hey Bane pick on someone your own size?!”
“Skywalker!” He throws Ahsoka aside and walks over to Anakin. “I could kill you right now but what would be the point in that?”
“I don’t really want to know but I know you’re going to tell me any way.”
“I won’t kill you because I want you to suffer and the best way to make you suffer is to kill her!” He points at Ahsoka, who is laid out in the middle of the floor.
“You don’t know that?”
“Well just to make sure you don’t cheat at my little game I want your communicator.”
“Not gonna happen!” Bane points his blaster at Ahsoka. “No, here!” Anakin passes him the com-link and Bane stands on it. “So what is this game?”
“Oh yes we fight and if you lose I kill her. If I lose I tell you where to find Dooku.”
“Fine.” Anakin gets his lightsaber. “This will be easy!”
“No weapons just one on one.”
“That’s fine with me.” Anakin throws his lightsaber to the floor and starts to fight Bane. After a good ten minutes of fighting Anakin pins Bane to the floor. “I win!”
“And I lied!” Anakin punches Bane and knocks him out. He stands up and walks over to Ahsoka. Anakin picks her up and takes her to her quarters.

Ahsoka sits up in bed and Anakin put his hand on her shoulder. “Relax Ahsoka you’re ok now I got Bane.”
“Really?”
“Yes.” He smiles at her and she lays back. “Snips?”
“Yeah?”
“Why did you come after me?”
“I could sense something was wrong.”
“Thank you.”
“For what?”
“For finding me and I’m so sorry.”
“It’s ok it’s happened before and I’m sure it will happen again.”
“No this was different I’m supposed to protect you but I nearly killed you.”
“You couldn’t help it.”
“No, you’re right.”
“So you don’t have to apologise.”
“Thanks Ahsoka.” He stands up and starts to walk away.
“Wait! Where are you going?”
“Why?”
“Don’t leave me on my own in here stay a bit longer.”
“Why Snips?”
“Because I’m.... I don’t feel right.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know...” Her voice trails off and she collapses.
“Snips!” He pulls the cover off her to take her to the infirmary and sees her leg bleeding. “What the..?”

Anakin carries Ahsoka into the infirmary. “I need help over here, hello!” Obi-Wan walks round the doorway. “Oh thank god it’s you, Ahsoka just passed out again and she’s got an injury to her leg.”
“Sorry Anakin I can’t help you.”
“What do you mean you can’t help me?”
“Sorry.” He points a blaster at Ahsoka.
“What are you doing?!”
“It’s for the best.”
“No it isn’t you are going to shoot her what is wrong with you?”
“It’s not Ahsoka.”
“What?”
“That’s the clone.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes!”
“Why?” Ahsoka walks round the corner.
“Because I’m here I came here instead of the food court.”
“So this is the clone of Ahsoka?”
“Yes, I’m your real Padawan I promise.”
“Prove it then.” Anakin looks at her.
“I was killed by the son of Mortis and resurrected by you and a couple of days ago almost died because of Grievous when I came to save you.”
“Ok, I’m positive it’s you but I thought this Ahsoka had left here.”
“So did I.” Obi-Wan rubs his chin. Ahsoka gets a sharp pain in her stomach and collapses. “Snips!” Anakin puts the clone on a bed and runs over to Ahsoka. “What’s happening?”
“They are connected so if she dies Ahsoka dies too.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes Anakin!”
“So we can’t let that clone die!”
“I know Anakin.” Ahsoka looks at them both.
“Thank you.”
“For what Snips?”
“Saving me and teaching me.” She passes out and Anakin looks up at Obi-Wan.
“I’m gonna kill Bane!” Anakin storms out of the infirmary.
“Will he ever learn?” Obi-Wan picks Ahsoka up and puts her on the bed next to the clone. “Ahsoka, if only you knew how much he cares about you.” He pats her shoulder and goes off to find Anakin.

Obi-Wan walks round a corner and sees Bane leant over Anakin, who is unconscious. Bane looks up. “Obi-Wan Kenobi!”
“Cad Bane!” He gets his lightsaber out. “Leave him alone!”
“What if I don’t?”
“I will kill you!”
“I’ve heard that before.” Bane shoots the ceiling and it caves in. Most of the debris lands on Anakin. Bane disappears and leaves the ship without detection. Obi-Wan lifts all the debris off Anakin and calls Rex.

They take Anakin into the infirmary. Rex looks at Ahsoka and the clone on the beds. “Sir there’s two?”
“I know Rex help me get Anakin onto this bed.” He helps Obi-Wan with Anakin and then goes back to Ahsoka. “What’s wrong with them?”
“If one dies so does the other.”
“Sir if I may, I’ve seen this before. It is associated with first time cloning.”
“What are you implying Rex?”
“Sir if we run an electrical current into the real Ahsoka Tano then it will break the bond so if one dies the other doesn’t.”
“And you’re sure it will work?”
“Positive sir.”
“Well it’s worth a try.” They get a stun gun and fire it at Ahsoka. The electricity surges through Ahsoka’s body and the bond is broken. “Come on Ahsoka pull through, Anakin needs you.” Obi-Wan holds her hand. “Come on!” Her eyes flicker and she slowly comes round. “Where am I now?” She looks around and over at Obi-Wan stood next to the bed. “I am em aren’t I?”
“Yes you are Ahsoka.” She sits up and sees Anakin. She gasps and puts her hand to her mouth. “What happened to him?” She gets out of Bed and walks over to Anakin. He has an oxygen mask on and is covered in cuts. She puts her hand on his arm. “This is my fault.” She kneels down and puts her head in her hands. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
“I know you didn’t.”
“Why does he put himself between me and danger?”
“Because he cares about you.”
“If he cared he would listen.”
“He doesn’t listen to me, what made you think he’d listen to you?”
“I... I thought he trusted me.”
“He does and he knows that you’ll do the right thing.”
“That’s it!” She stands up and starts to walk out but Obi-Wan stops her.
“Ahsoka where are you going?”
“Kalee.”
“Why?”
“Because I have an idea.”
“Ahsoka listen, when my master was killed I took Anakin and taught him everything I know. I’m willing to do the same now.”
“He won’t die.”
“We have to face the way of the force.”
“He won’t die trust me. I know how we can save him.”
“Ahsoka I’m sorry but there is nothing we can do now.”
“No you’re wrong! When we went down to Kalee for the first time Anakin found a plant with blue thorns.”
“And where are you going with this?”
“Well Rex told him that they use it at the medical stations because it can heal any wound at any stage.”
“And you want to find it and bring it back? Oh god, so you’re willing to risk your life to save him?” Obi-Wan points at Anakin.
“Yes! And I’m going weather you like it or not!” She storms out of the infirmary. “Ahsoka!” Obi-Wan shouts after her and then laughs. “I don’t know where they get it from.” In the corridor Ahsoka runs into Rex.
“Oh Rex I was looking for you.”
“Why what’s happened?”
“I need to go down to Kalee on a recovery mission.”
“Why?”
“Well can you remember when Anakin found that plant with blue thorns?”
“Yes?”
“Well I need it.”
“Ok, I’ll get some troopers ready and we’ll go in a few hours.”
“Half an hour!” She walks off down the corridor.
“That child!”
“I heard that!” She shouts as she rounds a corner. Rex shakes his head and walks off.

An hour later on Kalee, Rex finds one of the plants. “This might not work.”
“I know it might not but it’s worth a try.”
“I suppose.” They get back on the ship, Ahsoka turns to Rex.
“That was surprisingly easy. Where’s Grievous?” She looks out of the window and sees three vulture droids coming towards them. “Rex we’re under enemy fire!” The droids start to fire. “Gunner!”
“Sir?”
“Shoot those tinnies down!”
“Yes sir!”

They manage to get away from the droids and back on the cruiser a nurse makes a serum from the plant. Ahsoka injects it into Anakin and pulls a chair up. She sits next to the bed and waits for Anakin to wake up. Ahsoka falls asleep with her head on the edge of the bed. Anakin wakes up and smiles. He puts his hand on her shoulder and then pats her head. “Snips?” She lifts her head up.
“Mmm?”
“You ok now?”
“Yes but...” She sits back and sighs.
“What?”
“Bane nearly killed you.”
“Snips don’t worry I wouldn’t leave you ok.”
“Ok.”







Chapter 3: Know your enemy.
Knowledge is not wisdom.

Anakin turns to Ahsoka. “Ready snips?”
“I was born ready!”
“That’s my girl!”
“Let’s get this over with.”
“Alright.” They set off and as soon as they leave the hanger they are fired upon. Anakin watches as Ahsoka shoots down three droid fighters. “Nice one snips.”
“Thanks I learnt from the best.”
“Ok, no more showing off.”
“Fine so where are we heading?”
“Naboo.”
“Why?”
“Someone has been poisoning livestock.”
“So why are we getting involved?”
“They found a droid camp in the forest.”
“Where?”
“Near the old lab that held the blue shadow virus.”
“Why there?”
“That’s why we are going.”
“Oh, ok.”

When they get down on Naboo, Padme and Jah Jah meet them. “Morning senator.”
“General Skywalker, I didn’t know the Jedi council sent you I thought they were sending general Kenobi.”
“Ah well I’m here instead.”
“Oh, its ok I just wasn’t expecting you.” They walk from the landing platform and get in a carrier. On the way Padme briefs them on the goings on. “So basically someone has been using livestock to test new deadly weapons.”
“Right and you think it’s the separatists.”
“Exactly!”
“Well you better go back to the city. We’ll take it from here.”
“That’s very nice Ana… General but I am coming. I know these forests, you would get lost without me.” She smiles at him. Anakin opens his mouth to say something but just coughs. He turns to Ahsoka, who has been silent since they landed. “Snips?”
“Yeah?”
“You ok?”
“I’m fine just thinking.”
“About what?”
“Well why would the separatists test on this planet where they know they can be caught easily?”
“I don’t know?”
“I think I might.” They both look at Padme.
“What?” She rolls her eyes.
“Their leader is a new addition to their forces.”
“What? How do you know?”
“He was a friend of mine years ago before the war.”
“Right and who is he?”
“His name is Jay we were close but when he was young he realized he had a gift.”
“The force.”
“Ok.” Anakin glances at Ahsoka. “Great!”
“What?”
“Well if he’s a Sith then this will be harder than I thought.”
“That doesn’t sound like you master.”
“I know Ahsoka but this is different.”
“How?”
“Well there are innocent lives at risk.”
“Ok, so what are we going to do we can’t just leave.”
“I know that’s why I’m worried.”
“Well just let me go I can take him if he’s not trained.”
“No Ahsoka.”
“Why not don’t you trust me?”
“It’s not that.”
“What then?” Ahsoka stands up.
“Well…”
“Ha oh it’s my age isn’t it?”
“No Snips I would never.”
“Oh it’s because I’m a girl, look! Master I can do this I’m just as capable as anyone else.”
“I know you are.”
“Then why?”
“Because Ahsoka if Grievous is there he will kill you if you’re on your own.”
“No he won’t.”
“Ahsoka all of us are going!”
“Anakin calm down, I know Jay he will want to show his superiors he can handle this on his own.”
“Ok.”

When they land Anakin automatically takes the lead. “Skywalker shouldn’t I lead seen as how I know where we’re going and you don’t.”
“Ok but as soon as we get nearer I’m going in front and you move to the back with Rex.”
“Ok, if that’s what you want.”
“Yes it is. I’d trust Rex with my life and you should too.”
“Ok, ok.” They walk deep into the forest.
“Urm, senator where are we?”
“Relax General we’re nearly there now.”
“Well get to the back.”
“Ok, I’m going.” Padme walks to the back with Rex. She looks at Rex. “Is he always like this?”
“Oh yeah.”
“How do you cope?”
“I know that every day means a new adventure.”
“Right.”
“That’s why I like General Skywalker, he thinks on his toes and he is always prepared.”
“He sounds it.”
As they are walking Padme falls behind. She goes to shout Anakin that they are extremely close to their destination, when she is grabbed from underneath and pulled through a shaft. “Ani!” Anakin swivels round. Ahsoka runs over to the over to the hidden shaft. “Master there’s nothing..!” She disappears before Anakin’s eyes.
“Ahsoka!”
“Sir we better stay up here.” Rex holds him back.”

Ahsoka hits the bottom of the shaft and lands on her leg funny. She breaks it and passes out from the pain. Two droids drag her off to a room. They throw her in and Padme runs over to her. “Ahsoka?” She pulls her up onto her knees. “Ahsoka?” Ahsoka moans and her eyes flicker. “Are you ok?”
“What where am I?”
“It’s ok Ahsoka, I’m sure Anakin will be here soon.”
“If her isn’t I’ll make sure you get out of here.” She sits up. “Well I can tell whoever did this hasn’t done it before, and they definitely don’t know me.” She looks down at her belt. She takes one of her lightsabers and gives it to Padme. “What’s this for?”
“Your escape.”
“What?” Ahsoka limps over to the door.
“If you’re so big and cleaver, why don’t you just tell me why we’re here!” The door opens and she falls back.
“Jay please don’t hurt her. She’s injured we need to get her medical care.”
“Once she has answered a few questions.” He grabs Ahsoka’s arm. “Come with me Jedi!” He turns to Padme. “Oh and my name is now general Ruzzo.”
“You hurt her Jay and I swear!”
“Senator don’t.”
“No, Ahsoka I won’t let him hurt you.”
“Shut up the both of you.” He locks the door and takes Ahsoka to a small room.

Two droids grab Ahsoka by the arms. “Hey! What do you want any way?”
“I want answers and if I don’t get them…” He nods to the droid in the corner and it electric shocks her. She screams out in pain. “What do you want to know?”
“Who is your master?”
“I don’t have one.” The droid shocks her again.
“I know you’re lying.”
“Ok, his name is General Skywalker.”
“The General Skywalker?”
“The one and only.” Ruzzo laughs and rubs his chin. Meanwhile Anakin runs through the corridors and then he hears Ahsoka’s cries. “Ahsoka!” Padme hears him. She stands up.
“Anakin! Over here!” He turns on his heels.
“Padme!”
“I’m in here!” She bangs on the door as he tries to open it.
“It’s locked.”
“I know!”
“Stand back!” He gets his lightsaber and cuts through the door. They embrace each other and Anakin kisses her passionately. “Are you ok?”
“Yes I’m fine.”
“Where’s Ahsoka?”
“He took her, Jay, he took her.”
“Where?”
“I don’t know but she gave me this.” She gives Anakin Ahsoka’s lightsaber. “She wouldn’t just give this up. Something is wrong.” Then they hear Ahsoka shouting. “I won’t tell you anymore. You can kill me for all I care but I will never tell you!” Anakin runs in the direction of her voice. “Ahsoka!”
In the room Ahsoka looks up and smiles at Ruzzo. “I give you my master!” Anakin bursts into the room. “Let her go!”
“Or what?”
“If you don’t you’ll find out.”
“One more step Skywalker and she will die.” Ahsoka looks at him, pain and fear in her eyes but she tries to hid it behind a smile. “Let her go!”
“Master don’t.” Padme rushes in and accidently pushes Anakin. The droid turns up the power and shocks Ahsoka. “No!” Anakin stands staring as Ahsoka becomes limp. “Drop her and get out of my sight!” The two droids throw her to the floor and the three of them leave the room. Anakin drops too his knees and punches the floor. “Oh too bad.” Ruzzo laughs. Padme steps forward and looks at Ruzzo. “What have you done Jay?”
“My name’s not Jay!” Padme puts her hand on Anakin’s shoulder.
“What did you do?”
“I just killed my first Jedi.” He pulls some of Ahsoka’s beads off and clips them to his belt. Ruzzo walks out of the room triumphant, leaving Anakin staring at Ahsoka. “Oh snips.”
“Ani look.” Padme steps round him and kneels down next to Ahsoka. Anakin looks up. “What?”
“She’s still breathing.”
“Really?”
“Why would I lie, I know how much she means to you.”
“Yeah, I’ll call Rex.” He stands up and goes to the corner. “Rex, contact the city hospital, Ahsoka needs medical attention we’re coming up now.”
“Ok sir.” Anakin turns back them. “Rex is waiting for us.” He picks Ahsoka up and walks out of the room.

They meet Rex and they take Ahsoka to the city hospital. The doctors fix her leg and let Anakin sit with her. “Snips?” He holds her hand. “I’ll get him for this.” Ahsoka squeezes his hand slightly. 
“He’s a cheat.”
“What?”
“He cheated.” Ahsoka looks up at him. He smiles at her. “Have you been crying?”
“What? Me? No!” She laughs. “Oh and senator Amidala told me to give you this.”  He gives her, her lightsaber.
“I’m so stupid!”
“Why are you stupid?”
“I told him things.”
“What things?” Anakin sits up straight.”
“Who you are and Obi-Wan and Rex and Cody and, and…” She starts to cry, Anakin hugs her.
“It’s ok you didn’t mean to tell.”
“I know but I did so that means the separatists know more about you.”
“Hey don’t worry about me, I can take care of myself ok?” He smiles at her and she nods. “Good.”
“Okay.”
“Alright I’ll see you later Obi-Wan wanted to know when you woke up.”
“Alright I’ll try and get some rest.”
“That’s fine with me.” Anakin leaves the room and Ahsoka falls asleep.

Ruzzo’s face appears and she feels like she is back in the room. Their conversation echoes in her head. “Tell me who Captain Rex is?”
“NO!”
“Shock her!” Ruzzo’s laugh makes her feel sick. “Tell me!”
“NO!” She screams out. Anakin runs over to the bed and puts his hand on her shoulder. “Snips?” Ahsoka shoots up, her breathing is heavy and her face is pale. She looks at Anakin. “Are you ok?”
“Yeah, just a bad dream.”
“You hungry?”
“A bit.”
“Come on.” Anakin holds his hand out. Ahsoka pushes it away and stands up by herself. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll find out.” Anakin walks away and Ahsoka limps after him.  Anakin leads Ahsoka through the city. They come to a random door. Anakin bangs on the door. “Are you home?”
Padme’s startled voice comes from behind the door. “Anakin?”
“Yeah?” He looks down at Ahsoka. “There’s someone here to see you?”
“Who?”
“Open the door and you’ll find out.”
“Okay I’m coming.” She opens the door, her face lights up at the sight of Ahsoka. “Oh Ahsoka, how are you feeling?”
“I’m fine are you ok?”
“Thanks to you I am.”
“Are we just gonna stand here or are you gonna invite us in?” Anakin smiles at her.
“Yes of course come in.”
“Thank you senator.” Padme rolls her eyes and shakes her head.
“What do you want Ani?”
“I don’t want anything.”
“Come on I know you want something?”
“Okay, okay the hospital food is terrible so I was hoping…”
“Alright go into the lounge.”
“Thanks.” Anakin leads Ahsoka to the lounge. A few moments later Padme walks in with three plates. Anakin looks at the green goop and smiles at Padme. “It looks.”
“I know it looks horrible but it tastes ok, trust me.”
“I do.” He puts his spoon in it and his com-link flashes. “What”?
“Anakin!” Obi-Wan’s voice is angry and annoyed.
“Yes?”
“Where are you?”
“Urm I’m with Ahsoka.”
“Oh, it’s just you said you would meet me at the landing platform.”
“I knew I had forgotten something.”
“Thank you Anakin, I want to talk to you.”
“What about?”
“Well, I need to tell you privately.”
“Oh, ok I’ll meet you at the landing platform so wait there and I’ll set off now.”
“Ok hurry up!”
“I will.” He turns back to Padme and Ahsoka. “Sorry Snips we have to go.”
“What? Now?”
“Yeah Obi-Wan is waiting.”
“Right ok.” Ahsoka stands up. “Thank you senator it was much better than the hospital food.”
“It was my pleasure Ahsoka get your strength up you’ll need it I’m sure you will.” They leave Padme’s and head for the landing platform.

When they get there Obi-Wan is getting quite annoyed. “How long does it take?”
“Sorry we got held up.”
“Right well, I want you to take me to the bunker where you have just come back from.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Are you scared Anakin?”
“No!”
“Well let’s go then.” Obi-Wan turns to Ahsoka. “How are you feeling?”
“Good enough to come with you.”
“Well Anakin can she come, we could do with her help.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Ahsoka we had this conversation earlier.”
“You gave in then.”
“Well I say you can.”
“Thank you Obi-Wan.”
“Don’t start the teaming up thing.”
“Please let me go. I really wanna go.”
“Oh, ok but you don’t let me out of your sight got it?”
“Yeah, yeah alright let’s go.”
“Alright come on then.” They all get on the troop carrier and head for the bunker.

When they get there the only entrance is a small shaft. Ahsoka looks at Anakin. “Let me go down, I can get down there and find somewhere else to let you in.”
“I don’t know. What do you think?” Anakin looks at Obi-Wan.
“Let’s give it a try.”
“Great.” Ahsoka lowers herself into the shaft.
“Be careful.”
“I will don’t worry.”
“Good.” She drops down and shouts up.
“It looks normal!”
“Just, be careful Snips.”
“Okay, okay.” She walks along the corridor and a motion sensor stars to set off detonators. “Oh no!” She starts to run back to the shaft. “Master!” Ahsoka looks up. “Hey!” A lump of metal lands on her leg, she falls to the floor and the ceiling collapses.

Anakin hears the crash. “Ahsoka?” The detonator underneath them goes off. Smoke billows up the shaft. “Snips!” He jumps down the shaft. “Ahsoka?” He looks to the end of the corridor. “Oh my god, Obi-Wan contact Rex now!”
“Why, Anakin what’s happened?”
“Something bad.” He climbs over the pile of rubble in the middle of the corridor. “Ahsoka?”
“Down here.” He looks down to see Ahsoka buried under the rubble.
“Are you ok?”
“Do I look it?”
“You’ll be alright.”
“I can’t breathe.”
“Just control your breathing.”
“I’m trying to.”
“Ok Obi-Wan is calling Rex he’ll be here soon and we’ll get you some help.” She smiles at him.
“It hurts so much.”
“You’ll be ok I promise.”
“That’s a hard Promise to keep.”
“I know and I mean it, we’re a team. The team, we’re one of a kind.”
“Nice speech.”
“Anakin!” Obi-Wan jumps down. “We need to move her and take her up top.”
“Alright but how?”
“What?” Ahsoka’s voice is shaking and worried.
“We need to lift the metal off her.”
“Ok Ahsoka we’re gonna lift the metal off you ok?”
“Just do it.”
“Ok after three.”
“Ready Snips?”
“Yeah.”
“One, two, three.” Anakin and Obi-Wan begin to lift the big sheets of metal. Ahsoka screams out in pain. Anakin stops and leaves obi-Wan struggling with the massive sheets. “Anakin!” Anakin kneels down next to Ahsoka. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t exactly know but it’s my hip.” Anakin looks at her hip. There is a long pointed piece of metal protruding from her skin. “Oh my god!”
“What, what is it?”
“Obi-wan hold it.”
“What do you think I’m doing Anakin?”
“Ok, Snips close your eyes.”
“Why?”
“Just do it.”
“Ok.” She closes her eyes and hears Anakin’s lightsaber. “What are you doing?” He doesn’t answer her. “Hello?”
“Ok let’s get this metal away so we can get her out.” They lift the metal away and get Ahsoka back to the hospital.

Anakin walks over to the bed. “Ahsoka?” She is lying on the bed. A nurse walks in. “She can’t hear you, we had to sedate her when operating.”
“Oh right could I stay here for a while?”
“Yes of course.”
“Thanks.” The nurse leaves and Anakin sits on the edge of the bed.  “Thank you Ahsoka you saved Padme’s life. You have to make it. I need you, we all do.” As he is talking Ahsoka slowly comes round. She opens her eyes but Anakin doesn’t realize. He goes to turn around and she shuts them again. Anakin looks at her and stands up. “Don’t leave me snips. Please don’t leave me. I’d be lost without you.”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
“Huh?” He turns to face the bed. She smiles up at him. “You’re stuck with me Skyguy.”













Chapter 4: Deep Revenge.
Revenge can kill.
Ahsoka is sleeping in her quarters. She is woken by a constant knocking at her door. “Ahsoka? Snips let me in.” Anakin’s voice comes from the other side of the door. She stands up and opens the door. “What?”
“You’re alive!”
“Yes I was the last time I checked. Why?”
“Nothing just grab your pillow and sleep in my quarters.”
“Why?”
“So I know you’re safe.”
“But I’m fine here.”
“It’s either you come with me or I sleep in here.”
“Well I’m not moving.”
“Fine.” Anakin leaves the room and Ahsoka goes back to bed. Anakin comes back and falls asleep in the corner next to the door. Aurra Sing opens the door and walks over to Ahsoka’s bed. She wakes up and Aurra covers her mouth. Aurra drags her off the bed and she kicks Anakin, he doesn’t move so she stands on his ankle. Aurra pulls her through the door and Anakin wakes up. “Ahsoka?” The door starts to close. Anakin jumps up and runs out into the hall. “Ahsoka!” He looks both ways but she has gone.
Aurra Sing throws Ahsoka up against the wall and points a blaster at her. “Is Senator Amidala on Coruscant?”
“No.”
“Then where is she?”
“Away on business.”
“Where?”
“I don’t know.” Aurra points it closer to Ahsoka’s head. “Come to finish it Aurra after you failed last time?”
“No you little Jedi brat this time she will watch you die!”
“I don’t think so!”
“Oh I do, I’m tired of you ruining my plans!”
“It’s not my fault you fail all the time.” Aurra changes the setting on her blaster and stuns Ahsoka. She cuts Ahsoka’s face and arm. Aurra leaves Ahsoka in the middle of the hall way outside the library.

The next morning Plo-Koon comes across Ahsoka. “Ahsoka?” He kneels down next to her. “Master Kenobi.” He waits for Obi-Wan to reply.
“Yes?”
“Where is Master Skywalker?”
“He’s with me why?”
“Both of you meet me outside the library immediately!”
“Alright we’ll be right there master Plo.”
“Oh little ‘soka what happened?” he stands up and waits for Obi-Wan and Anakin. Ten minutes pass and Ahsoka wakes up. “Master Plo?” He looks down at her.
“What happened Ahsoka?” Before she can answer him Anakin runs round the corner.
“Ahsoka!” She tries to stand up but Plo-Koon pushes her back down.
“Sit down Ahsoka.” Anakin kneels next to her and hugs her.
“I thought Aurra Sing had taken you.”
“How did you know it was her?”
“Urm...Lucky guess.”
“You had a vision didn’t you? That’s why you came into my quarters?”
“Yes. We better get you back to the hospital. We need to sort this out.” He points to her face.
“Sort what out?” She puts her hand on her cheek and looks at the blood on her hand. “What the?” Anakin pulls her to her feet. “Ow!”
“What?” Anakin looks at her worried.
“Gotcha.” She smiles at him.
“Don’t do that!”
“Why?”
“Just don’t.”
“Did I scare you?”
“No!” He starts to walk off. Obi-Wan looks at him.
“You scared him.”
“I heard that!” Anakin turns the corner. Plo-Koon turns to Ahsoka.
“While you are here you might as well do some studying.”
“Do I have to?” She looks at Obi-Wan, he raises his eyebrow.
“Ahsoka.”
“Alright.” She goes into the library.

Ahsoka puts the last of the holograms away, she walks out of the library and goes to see Obi-Wan. “Come in Ahsoka.” He smiles at her. “What’s bothering you Ahsoka?”
“It’s well its Anakin.”
“Ah. What’s he done this time?”
“nothing, I’m just worried about him.”
“Why?”
“He keeps having visions and I don’t know... I just don’t want him getting into trouble.”
“Ahsoka it’s bound to happen, it’s Anakin.”
“Well there is that. But I... never mind.”
“What?”
“Nothing. I’m going back to my quarters. I’m tired from last night plus that studying is very draining.”
“Alright.” She leaves Obi-Wan’s quarters and goes to her own.

Ahsoka has a vision. Aurra grabs her round the throat and points a blaster at her head. “This is about to end!” Ahsoka sits up, she rubs her eyes and stands up.
“That was weird.” She walks out of her quarters and into Anakin.
“Whoa.”
“Sorry.” She walks around him.
“Ahsoka.”
“What?”
“What’s up? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“Urm, no, nothing is wrong. I just need to see master Yoda.”
“Why?” She ignores him and runs off. 

Ahsoka knocks on Yoda’s door. “Enter young Padawan.” She walks in. “Troubled you are.”
“Yes master.”
“Sit child. Tell me.” She sits down and pulls her legs up. Ahsoka rests her chin on her knees.
“Well I’m in this forest and Aurra Sing appears. She picks me up by the throat and says ‘This is about to end.’ Master I don’t understand.” Yoda shivers.
“A disturbance I feel in the temple.” He looks at her.
“You must be alert. Listen and you will see.”
“Thank you master.” She leaves and goes to find Anakin and Obi-Wan.
She walks into the hanger and spots Padme. “Senator!” Ahsoka runs up to Padme.
“Ahsoka.” Padme hugs her. 
“Have you seen master Skywalker anywhere?”
“Last I heard he went to a meeting with the Jedi council.”
“Oh right. Thanks Padme.” She turns and walks away.

She goes back to her quarters and sits on her bed. Ahsoka closes her eyes and sees the corridor outside her quarters. She gasps and opens her eyes. Ahsoka stands up and goes into the corridor. Aurra Sing slips into Ahsoka’s room. She doesn’t realize Aurra has goes in. Ahsoka turns round. “Maybe I’m just being paranoid.” She goes back into her quarters. Aurra holds a cloth with chloroform on it to Ahsoka’s face. She tries to pull away but Aurra tightens her grip. Eventually Ahsoka falls unconscious. Aurra takes her to Serreno.
Later on Anakin goes to Ahsoka’s quarters. “Ahsoka are you ok?” He bangs on the door. “Ahsoka!”
No response.
“Snips?” He opens the door and finds a note on the table. ‘AS’, he hits the table. “Aurra Sing!” he storms out of the room and goes to the com-tower. Anakin waits for two hours.

A transmission comes through from Serenno. Count Dukoo smiles at Anakin. A commander droid throws Ahsoka down near Dooku’s feet. “Ah! Anakin?” She looks at him. Dooku kicks her. “What do you want Dooku?” Anakin folds his arms.
“Two million credits or I’ll kill her.”
“I can’t give you that.”
“Then your life for hers.” Anakin thinks then nods. Dooku ends the transmission.
On Serreno Dooku kneels down next to Ahsoka. “But what he doesn’t know is that as soon as he is dead, you belong to Aurra Sing.” Two droids pick her up.
“You can’t do that!”
“Who’s going to stop me?” He waves the droids to take her away.
“You won’t get away with this Dooku!”
“I already have dear and you can’t stop your master’s death!”
“Maybe I can’t but the Jedi council can. You won’t win!”
“Shut her up!” The commander droid electrocutes Ahsoka and she falls unconscious. They drag her off to a cell.

Anakin runs through the halls. Finally he bumps into Obi-Wan. “Anakin? What’s the hurry?”
“Dooku has Ahsoka.”
“What?” Anakin runs towards the hangers. “Anakin at least let me go with you!”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“Because.” The door closes behind him and Obi-Wan laughs at him.
“Always on the move.” Anakin gets in Padme’s personal ship. Before he leaves he contacts her. “Ani?”
“I’ve borrowed your ship.”
“Why?”
“I need to run an errand.”
“Then let me come too.”
“No it’s far too dangerous.” As they are talking Padme’s is making her way up the access ramp. “But I’m already on the ship.” He turns round and she smiles at him.
“Fine come but stay on the ship ok?”
“Yeah ok.” She sits down. “So where are we going then?”
“Serreno.”
“Why?”
“You really want to know?”
“Yes.”
“Count Dooku has Ahsoka.”
“What?”
“He paid Aurra Sing to kidnap her.”
“That’s why you want to go to Serreno?”
“Yes exactly.” He starts the ship and they set off for serenno.

In her cell Ahsoka hides a few droid poppers and one of her sabers down her top. Aurra Sing walks in. “Hand it over!”
“Hand what over?”
“Do you think I’m stupid? Your weapon hand it over.” Aurra holds her hand out, Ahsoka sighs and hands Aurra her lightsaber. Aurra leaves the cell and Ahsoka leans back, she closes her eyes and falls asleep. Anakin runs out of the ship and into Dooku’s temple. He bursts into Dooku’s quarters. “Dooku let her go!”
“Good evening Skywalker.” Dooku stands up and walks over to Anakin. “Follow me.” Anakin follows him to a cell. He opens the door and Anakin runs in. “Ahsoka!” He puts his hand on her arm. She wakes up and looks at him. “No you can’t be here.”
“Why? Ahsoka?”
“It’s a trap.”
“What?”
“When Dooku has killed you, he is... I’m Aurra sing’s payment.”
“What!?”
“When Dooku kills you, I belong to Aurra Sing. She wants me dead do you get it now?!”
“Oh.” He stands up and pulls her to her feet. “Come on while he’s not here.”
“But...” Ahsoka tries to stop him. Anakin turns around, Dooku stands in front of him and shows him his own lightsaber. Anakin looks down at his belt. “How did you do that?” Ahsoka faces the wall and gets her lightsaber. Dooku smirks. “Very good Dooku but you weren’t expecting this!” She turns around and smiles at Anakin, he nods. Dooku laughs.
“Foolish child, you think you can defeat me?!” Anakin looks at her and smiles.
“She knows she can’t.” Before Dooku can stop them, Anakin takes Ahsoka’s saber and start to fight him. “Ahsoka run to the ship and tell Padme to get out of here!”
“No I won’t leave you!”
“Do it now!” She runs off and makes her way through the corridors.
“Padme!” Ahsoka runs towards the ship. Aurra grabs her arm. “HEY!” She struggles. “Let me go!”
“Dooku promised me I could take your life. He said I could do it anyway I want so you will die slowly.”
“No! Let me go! Padme!” Ahsoka tries to get away but Aurra injects a blue liquid into Ahsoka’s neck. She passes out and Aurra drops her. Padme runs out of the ship. “Ahsoka?” She gasps when she sees Ahsoka. “Ahsoka!” She runs up to her. Anakin runs onto the platform. “Padme get back on the ship!”
“But Anakin..!” Before she can finish Anakin sees Ahsoka on Padme’s Lap.
“Oh no!” He picks per up. Padme cools Ahsoka’s face with a wet cloth. Anakin walks into the cargo hold. “Is she..?” Padme shakes her head. “Ani Naboo is closer than Coruscant. She needs to go to a hospital now.”
“Do you know what’s wrong with her?”
“I think...well her symptoms suggest the blue shadow virus. I think my old friend Jay has something to do with this.”
“I’ll kill him!”
“No don’t that’s not what we do.” Ahsoka looks up at him. He smiles at her.
“Ahsoka what happened? Was it Aurra Sing?”
“I can’t remember, I think it was.”
“Right well Ahsoka I want you to rest.” Padme stands up and smiles, the two of them leave Ahsoka to rest.

When they get to Naboo Ahsoka has lost consciousness again. Anakin carries her into the hospital. Padme goes to the reception desk. “Excuse me do you still have antidote for the blue shadow virus?” The nurse looks up at her, then past her to Anakin and Ahsoka. She stands up. “Yes we do its right this way.” She leads them to a private room and Anakin lays Ahsoka onto the bed. Shortly after a doctor walks in. “What seems to be the problem?”
“My Padawan has been infected with the blue shadow virus.” The doctor nods and walks over to a small cabinet on the wall. “Right.” He takes out a small vile and draws some antidote into a needle. He takes Ahsoka’s arm and injects it into her vein. “There that should do it.” He takes his gloves off, nods to Anakin and Padme and leaves the room.
“Thank you.” Anakin turns to Ahsoka. “Ahsoka?” Her eyes start to flicker and slowly open. She squints in the bright light. Her eyes adjust and she looks round. “Where am I?”
“Naboo.”
“What?”
“We’re on Naboo snips.”
“Oh.” There is a light knock at the door and Obi-Wan walks in. Ahsoka smiles at him. Anakin turns around. “Hey Obi-Wan.” He smiles at Ahsoka.
“I saw R2 in the hall.”
“What are you doing on Naboo?”
“Well Anakin your friend Ruzzo what spotted in the woods nearby. I was the closest so they sent me to investigate.”
“What?!”
“Anakin don’t!”
“Stay out of this Ahsoka.”
“No, I don’t want to stay out of it!” She sits up. “If you go into those woods I’m going with you.”
“No Ahsoka.”
“Yes!”
“You are staying here!” He looks her in the eye. “Padawan Tano you will stay here. Promise me you won’t follow me.”
“Fine ok I won’t follow you I promise.”
“Good, come on Obi-Wan.” They go out of the room. 
“But you didn’t say anything about following Obi-Wan.” Ahsoka gets out of bed and follows Anakin and Obi-Wan to the woods.

Ahsoka hides behind a bush. Anakin and Obi-Wan are talking to Aurra Sing and general Ruzzo. Anakin gets his and Ahsoka’s Light sabers. Aurra starts to shoot at them. Ahsoka runs forward and jumps on Aurra. “Ahsoka!” Anakin looks on in shock.
“Get off me you Little brat!” Aurra shoots Ahsoka in the shoulder and rolls her off her. “You set us up!” She points at Anakin.
“No Aurra it was my idea, I followed them.” Ahsoka stands up and leans on a tree. Aurra turns away. “I’ll get you both!” She and Ruzzo leave. Ahsoka looks at Anakin, the pain in her shoulder hits her and she passes out. As she falls forward Anakin lunges to catch her. “I told you not to follow us Snips.” They take Ahsoka back to the hospital in Theed.
When Ahsoka wakes up she is back in the hospital bed. “Was that a dream?” a flash of white catches her eye, she looks down and sees her bandaged shoulder. “Take that as a no.” R2 wheels down the ward towards her. “Hey R2 where’s.....” Anakin bursts in and stomps towards her. He stops next to the bed. “What were you thinking Ahsoka?”
“I...I just wanted to help.”
“Help? Help?! You didn’t help Ahsoka you made things worse!”
“Worse? I saved your ass out there!”
“No Ahsoka what you did was put a mission in jeopardy and put yourself in danger to save me when you didn’t have to.”
“Yeah so?”
“You are going to stay here until we get back.”
“Why, where are you going?”
“On a mission.”
“Why?” She looks down. “You said you wouldn’t leave me.”
“I know I did snips but Obi-wan told master Yoda I would go with him.”
“Where are you going?”
“Serenno.”
“Why there?”
“Because someone close to you has been kidnapped by count Dooku.”
“Oh, right.” They both go quiet. “Who?”
“Urm, I’m supposed to be on my way now. See you when I get back.” He runs away, Ahsoka chuckles to herself and frowns. “Why wouldn’t you tell me?”

Anakin and Obi-wan burst in, Plo-Koon looks up at them. “Get back to Naboo now!”
“Why?” Anakin looks at him confused, Dooku walks in behind them. He clears his throat and Anakin spin round. “Because this is a diversion.”
“What?!”
“Tell me Skywalker how is your Padawan?”
“Ahsoka!” Anakin realizes what Dooku is implying. “Obi-wan we have to go now!”
“You’re going nowhere.” Dooku ignites his light sabre and starts to fight with the three Jedi. Back on Naboo Aurra Sing walks up to Ahsoka’s bed. She wraps her hand around Ahsoka’s throat and pushes her up against the wall. Ahsoka struggles but soon passes out and Aurra takes her toe the forest where Ruzzo is waiting for them.  Ahsoka wakes up chained to a wall. “You can’t keep me here!” She pulls against the chains trying to get free. “I will escape!”
“I don’t think so!”
“Aurra let me go, you’ve had your fun.”
“Oh I’m done with you youngling but he isn’t.”
“Who?” Ruzzo walks into the mystery room, Ahsoka gasps and her facial expression hardens. “Ruzzo!”
“Well done you remembered my name.”
“How could I forget?!”
“Aurra let her down.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“Wait! What are you going to do to me?” Aurra lets Ahsoka down and She drops to the floor. 
“I’m going to inject you with this.” Ruzzo holds up a syringe with a pink cloudy fluid in. “But don’t worry you’ll have enough time to say your goodbyes.” Aurra grabs her arm and Ruzzo injects the liquid into her arm, her veins stick up against her skin as the poison makes its way into her system. She staggers away the syringe still embedded in her skin.

She goes back to Theide and goes straight to Padme’s office. “Padme, It’s me can I come in?”
“Yes of course come in Ahsoka.” The door opens and she walks in, Padme stands up from behind her desk. “Ahsoka where have you been Anakin was very worried.”
“He was? I mean... their back?”
“Yes Dooku let Master Plo-Koon go so they just got back a few minutes ago.”
“Oh ok, so where’s Obi-wan?”
“In the hospital.”
“Why?!” Ahsoka looks at Padme in shock.
“It’s ok, he sustained minor injuries he’ll be fine”
“Good.” She gives a sigh of relief. “Thank you Padme.” Ahsoka smiles and leaves the room, she makes her way to the hospital to see Obi-wan. When she gets there Obi-wan is on his own. She runs over to him. “Obi-wan!” He looks up at her.
“Ahsoka! Anakin is so…”
“Worried, I know.” She hands him the syringe with traces of the pink liquid in it. “Have you seen this before?” He takes it from her and frowns.
“I may have once before here on Naboo.”
“What is it?”
“Very poisonous.” Ahsoka looks down and rubs her arm.
“Oh, do you think they could make an antidote with the rest of it?”
“Probably, why?”
“Urm, because Ruzzo has made a big mistake.”
“How so?”
“Well he let me go for a start but he injected me with this and then left it in my arm, so I thought we could make an antidote, I’ll be ok and then I don’t have to tell Anakin. We need a genuine reaction from him when it take effect, do you think we can do it?”
“Right so you’re going to pretend to die to put it plainly.”
“Yes, exactly. If I ‘die’ before Anakin gets to me then good but it would be really good if I could ‘die’ in his arms.”
“Yes, Ruzzo would think he had killed you and so would Aurra.” Obi-wan nods and rubs his chin. “It’s a great plan then.”
“Yes it should work.”
“So can you help?”
“Of course I can.”
“Thanks.” Later that day they make the antidote, it was simple as they had the template of the last batch that had been made. They inject it into Ahsoka. “I hope this works.” She looks up at Obi-wan. “So do I Ahsoka.” She jump down off the desk and goes to her quarters. That night Aurra takes her back to the forest.

Ahsoka wakes up chained to a tree. “I’m ready for you to try your best.” Ruzzo walks up to her and injects a second dose of the poison into her neck. It starts to maneuver through her body, Aurra lets her down and she drops to her knees. Anakin runs over to them, Obi-wan follows him. “Ahsoka!” She looks up at him and smiles.
“I forgot to say good bye.”
“No! Ahsoka, please no!” He gets to her side and lays her down.
“I failed you master.”
“No snips, no you haven’t failed me.”
“Yes I have.” She closes her eyes. Aurra and Ruzzo smirk to each other and walk away.
“Ahsoka?” Obi-wan stands silently watching, his own student believes his Padawan has died. “Good acting my dear.” Anakin stands up and begins to follow Aurra and Ruzzo, Obi-wan grabs his arm. “Anakin, don’t this is not what she would have wanted you to do.”
“She’s gone!”
“Anakin can you remember Mortis?”
“Yes but what has that got to do with it?”
“Can you remember what you said to the father?”
“There’s always hope.”
“Right now look at her again.”
“She’s dead Obi-wan I can see her just as well as you can!”
“Look!” Anakin looks at her.
“what?”
“concentrate Anakin.”
“Obi-wan she’s…” He looks closer. “Breathing?”
“Yes.”
“But how?”
“Well we had an antidote made…” Ahsoka stands up and brushes herself off, “Yes I knew what was going to happen.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Anakin’s voice rises.
“We needed a genuine reaction from you to make it…”
“Realistic I didn’t want to hurt you.” Anakin’s anger begins to show on his face.
“A genuine reaction? You want a genuine reaction!? Here it is!” He lifts Ahsoka up with the force and strangles her. He face shows her fear. Obi-wan steps towards Anakin. “Anakin, put her down!” The fear starts to fade off her face as she starts to lose consciousness. Anakin realizes what he is doing and drops her. “Snips.” She coughs and looks up at him. With tears in her eyes, she stands up and runs off. Anakin tries to follow but Obi-wan holds him back. “No, Anakin leave her be.”
“What did I just do?” He looks at Obi-wan. “What did I do?”
“She’ll be fine Anakin.” Obi-wan pats his shoulder.

Ahsoka runs through the trees, she bumps into Ruzzo and Aurra arguing. “Miss Tano, what an unexpected surprise.” Ruzzo moves quickly and rips one of her sabers from her belt. “Let’s see how skilled you are in combat.”
“I’m warning you I am very well trained.”
“We shall see.” They start to fight, after a few minutes Ahsoka blocks him and pushes him back. Ruzzo rights himself and lunges at her but she is quicker and stabs him. He falls to the floor and Ahsoka leans down, she takes her lightsaber from his grasp. “I believe this is mine.” She steps over him and starts to walk away. Aurra pins her to a tree by her throat. “Must we always meet like this Aurra?” Ahsoka chokes, Aurra laughs and tightens her grip. Ten seconds later and Ahsoka falls unconscious. Aurra smirks to herself. “Die you little brat!” She throws her down the river bank. Anakin and Obi-wan are walking along the river trying to find her. “Anakin you carry on down the river side, I’ll go into the forest and see if she’s in there.”
“Ok.” They split up and Obi-wan goes into the forest. He comes across Ruzzo’s body and kneels down next to it. A set of Ahsoka’s beads are stuck to his belt, Obi-wan pulls them off and squeezes them. “Where are you?” He stands and heads back the way he came. Anakin spots Ahsoka, he jumps down next to her. “Ahsoka?” He pats her cheek. “Snips?” Her eyes flicker and open.
“Anakin!” She throws her arm around his neck and hugs him. “I’m so sorry!”
“I should be the one apologizing Snips. I scared you and I’m sorry.” Anakin pulls Ahsoka up the back, Obi-wan walks over to them. “I believe these belong to you.” He holds her beads out, she pushes them away and sits down on the back side. Anakin looks at her. “I don’t deserve to wear them.”
“Why not?” Anakin takes the beads from Obi-wan and kneels next to her.
“I killed him.”
“Who?”
“Ruzzo.”
“Oh…” He smiles. “That was brave of you.”
“I’m not brave, I just cause trouble.”
“What? You’re the bravest person I know.” He clips them on and hugs her. She looks up at him. “Really? You think so?”
“Yes of course I do Snips.” She puts her hands on her sabers and stands up. Obi-wan smiles at her and they head back towards the city.




Chapter 5: Trades.
Just because you can doesn’t mean you should

When Obi-Wan goes missing Anakin and Ahsoka go looking for him but his finds them. The only thing is there’s something very wrong. “What are you doing?” Anakin locks Obi-Wan’s saber. “What is wrong with you?”
“Nothing is wrong with me!”
“Master behind you!” Ahsoka jumps in front of a Magna-guard and blocks his blow.
“Hey snips. Look on the bright side we’ve been in tougher scrapes than this.”
“Oh yeah? Name one.”
“Uhhhh….”
“Exactly!” Ahsoka shakes her head they stand back to back fighting the Magna-guard and Obi-Wan. Ahsoka looks Obi-Wan in the eye. “Obi-Wan it’s me, Ahsoka, remember? We’re your friends.”
“You’re not my friends you’re my enemy!” He force pushes them away. Anakin hits the wall first and Ahsoka follows, the back of her head makes contact with his face. He’s knocked unconscious. Ahsoka lands on top of Anakin, a little dazed but otherwise fine. The Magna-guard and Obi-Wan grab her and start to take her away. Anakin comes round after a few moments and hears Ahsoka shouting. “No! Obi-wan stop please, no!”
“Ahsoka!” Anakin stands up and tries to pin point where she is but her voice bounces around the trees. “Please Obi-Wan you’re hurting me. I’m your friend stop!” The forest around their camp falls silent. “Ahsoka!” Anakin’s voice carries through the trees. Grievous laughs and turns to Obi-Wan. “Burry her make sure she can’t be found. Obi- wan lays her in a shallow grave, covers her with a robe and pushes the soil back on top of her. He leaves her hand uncovered without Grievous knowing and follows Grievous back to the separatist outpost. 

Anakin sets up a search team. “Right Rex you go north, Cody go west, and I’ll go east. If you find her call the others.”
“Yes sir!” They start to systematically search the area, it doesn’t take long for Anakin to find her. “Snips?!” He digs her out of the grave and props her up against a tree. “Ahsoka? Rex, Cody do you copy?”
“Sir.”
“I’m here general.”
“I’ve found her ten clicks east from base camp.” He shakes her shoulder a little. “Snips.” She starts to wake up. Blood seeps down from her temple and nose. “Master?”
“Ahsoka, are you ok?”
“I think so.”
“Who did this?”
“Obi-Wan and Grievous. Anakin, we have to find Obi-Wan before it’s too late.” She tries to stand but her legs are weak “I’ll find him Snips but the only place you’re going is base camp.”
“Fine but find him before we lose him forever.” She starts to cough. Rex and Cody help her up and they walk away. Ahsoka looks back at Anakin. He stands and watches them go. The three get to the base camp in no time, Rex and Cody drop Ahsoka off at the infirmary and head back out to help Anakin. Padme walks into the infirmary while Ahsoka is being tended to. “Oh...Padme I didn’t know you were on Kalee.”
“Yes, I came as soon as I heard about Obi-Wan. Where’s…”
“He’s with Rex and Cody looking for Obi-Wan.”
“I would have thought he’d be here with you.”
“He wanted to but I told him to look for Obi-Wan.” Anakin stands in the door way and clears his throat. “Pad…Senator Amidala I told you not to come down here!” Ahsoka looks round Padme at Anakin. “Did you find him?”
“Yes Snips we found him.”
“Good, can I see him?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because…”
“Because what?”
“Because I said so!”
“Alright, I was just asking.” Anakin leaves the infirmary and Ahsoka looks at Padme. She smirks and swings her legs off the bed. “You’re going to see him aren’t you?”
“Yep.” Ahsoka stands up and walks off. Padme sighs and follows her. “Then I suppose I’ll come too.”
“Ok, but don’t tell Anakin.”
“I won’t don’t worry.” They make their way to the prison cells. They get to Obi-Wan’s cell. “Obi-Wan?” Ahsoka stands next to Padme and they look at Obi-Wan. He stares at his feet. “Togruta!” Ahsoka steps forward.
“What?”
“You will join me Tano!” He raises his head and they all exchange glances. He grins and Padme steps in between Ahsoka and Obi-Wan. In the corridor Anakin hears Ahsoka scream. “Padme! No don’t!”
“Ahsoka!” He spin on his heels and runs into the prison corridor. “Ahsoka?” He puts his hand on his saber and slowly walks into the cell. Ahsoka is unconscious up against the wall and Padme is laid at Obi-Wan’s feet. “What have you done?” He steps over Ahsoka’s legs and squats in front of Padme. “What did you do?!” Obi-Wan smiles at him. “She wouldn’t join me…” He points to Ahsoka. “But I managed to persuade her!” Padme stands up slowly, Anakin backs away. “Senator, are you alright?”
“I’m fine.” Obi-Wan force pushes Anakin into the wall and they leave base camp.

Ahsoka is woken by Rex. “Sir! Sir!”
“Huh? Oh Rex it’s you.” Ahsoka sits up and rubs her neck.
“Yes Sir. Are you alright?”
“Yes Rex I’m fine.” She spots Anakin at the other side of the room. “Oh no it did happen!” She crawls over to him. “Master! Anakin?! Can you hear me?”
“Ahsoka?”
“Yes, I’m here Skyguy.” She helps him stand up and he looks at her.
“Where’s Padme?”
“I’m guessing she’s with Obi-Wan, he tried to turn me and when he couldn’t he turned her.”
“What?” Anakin goes silent as he thinks for a moment, he looks over at Rex.
“Sir if I may. I think I might know what is controlling them. General Kenobi short circuited to the locks with his finger.”
“Ok?”
“How?” Ahsoka and Anakin look at him waiting for an answer.
“Think it’s a machine a droid, that’s what’s controlling them not an organism.”
“So how do we stop it?”
“I haven’t figured that out yet.”
“Great!” Anakin paces and Ahsoka snaps her fingers. She starts to walk out of the cell. “Where are you going?”
“Out!”
“Where?!” She turns and walks backwards.
“I have an idea.”
“You didn’t answer my question!”
“I’m going to find them so I don’t where!”
“Well at least let Rex go with you!”
“No!” She turns back and runs off. Rex and Anakin exchange glances. Rex smiles and puts his hand on Anakin’s shoulder. “She will never change Sir.”
“I know Rex. That’s what worries me.” Anakin starts to follow Ahsoka. In the woods Obi-Wan and Padme wait for Ahsoka. “Ahsoka!” Padme shouts her.
“Padme?! Where are you?”
“I’m over here!” Ahsoka runs towards Padme’s voice. Anakin runs after her.
“Ahsoka stay away from them!” He skids to a stop and watches as Ahsoka steps up to Obi-Wan. “Ahsoka, no!”
“Wait.” She holds her hand out behind her to stop Anakin and pulls two droid poppers out of her bag. “Here, hold these.” Obi-wan and Padme take one each and look at them. Ahsoka steps back and the poppers detonate. Padme and Obi-Wan drop to the floor, Ahsoka kneels down and bites her lip. They sit up and look at each other. “What’s going on?”
“Not much.”
“Why are we outside?”
“No reason.” Ahsoka and Anakin help them stand up and they start to walk back. Ahsoka spots an animal in the bushes. Anakin spots it as well. “Ahsoka stay away from that, don’t provoke it.”
“Why?”
“The quills are poisonous.” Ahsoka gets closer and the Jesapped puffs its quills up. She turns round and her beads flash in the sun light. The Jesapped sees this as a threat and fires its quills into her back. “AH!” Anakin turns round, Ahsoka staggers towards him.
“Ahsoka!” He runs towards her, She collapses into his arms. “Snips?”
“I’m…fine…” He fear and pain shows in her eyes. She winces. “I didn’t do anything.” Her breathing begins to get heavy. “I know snips. I know. We better get you to the infirmary.”
“Ok.” Ahsoka puts her arms round Anakin and Obi-Wan’s shoulders. 

In the infirmary the doctor turns to Anakin. “I’m sorry Sir but the Jesapped isn’t native to Kalee, we don’t have the anti-venom. If she doesn’t get it soon the toxin will kill her.”
“How long has she got?”
“Without the anti-venom maybe three weeks but if we can get it within the next two rotations she’ll be on bed rest for a week.”
“She can’t die!”
“I’m sorry.” The doctor pats his shoulder and leaves.
“What? What did he say?” Anakin walks over to Ahsoka. “Well?” She looks up at him.
“I…I can’t tell you.”
“Why not?” Anakin turns and walks away. “Hey!” He goes to his quarters and sits on his bed. Padme knocks on the door. “Ani, are you in here?”
“The door’s open come in.” He stares at his hands.
“Ani? Don’t worry she’ll be fine. I haven’t been in yet, how is Ahsoka doing?”
“She’s going to die in three weeks.” His com-link flashes as a transmission comes through. “General?”
“Yes?”
“I miss calculated you might want to come to the infirmary.” Padme puts her hand on his shoulder. “Why?”
“Just hurry.” The doctor ends the transmission and they run back to the infirmary. When they get there the doctor is waiting at Ahsoka’s bedside. “Sir.”
“What’s wrong?”
“She’s Togruta.”
“Yes, what has that got to do with it?”
“The neurotoxin takes affect quicker.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means she has days not weeks.” Rex marches into the infirmary.
“General Skywalker. Is this a bad time?”
“What is it Rex?”
“We have a transmission from Grievous.”
“Alright, Rex I’ll be just a minute.”  Anakin looks at Ahsoka and then to Padme. “Stay with her I think Grievous knows something about that Jesapped.”
“Alright, don’t go after him on your own.”
“I won’t.” He follows Rex out of the infirmary.

In the communication room Obi-Wan and Grievous are arguing. “What do you want Grievous?” Anakin and Rex enter.
“Ah, Skywalker. Yes I was wondering if you had seen my pet.”
“Your pet?”
“He’s a Jesapped.” Anakin clenches his fists. Obi-Wan puts his hand on his arm.
“Let’s just say if I see it again I’ll kill it!”
“Why?” Grievous chuckles.
“It used my Padawan for target practice!”
“Oh in that case you might be needing this anti-venom then.”
“I knew it!” Grievous laughs, Obi-Wan holds Anakin back.
“Come and get it Skywalker! I’ll see you later Kenobi!” The transmission ends and Anakin looks at Obi-Wan. “Anakin I know what you’re thinking but it could be a trap.”
“I’ll take Rex with me, I’ll be fine.”
“Don’t Anakin.”
“It’s Ahsoka’s only hope!”
“Don’t go Anakin. If it is a trap Ahsoka will die.”
“And if I don’t go?” Obi-Wan falls silent.” “Exactly!” He storm out of the communication room and heads for the infirmary. In the Infirmary Ahsoka is slowly losing consciousness. “Padme tell Anakin thank you.”
“”What for Ahsoka?”
“For teaching me everything I know.”
“Hey, you’re going to tell him yourself.”
“I don’t…think…so...P…Padme.” She closes her eyes and her head flops to one side as she loses consciousness.  Seconds later Anakin runs in. “Ahsoka!” Padme turns and looks at him. “She just passed out Ani.”
“Good then she won’t follow me.”
“Why? Where are you going?”
“To get something.”
“Where from?”
“Grievous.” He smiles and runs out of the infirmary.
“Anakin, wait!” Padme goes to follow him but decides to stay by Ahsoka’s side. Obi-Wan follows Anakin. “Anakin wait. I’ll go and get the anti-venom. You stay here.” Anakin nods and runs off down the corridor.

When Obi-Wan reaches Grievous’ outpost he cuts a hole through the front door. Grievous is waiting for him on the other side. “Kenobi! What a pleasant surprise!”
“Grievous!” Obi-Wan digs his feet in and stands his ground. “Where is the anti-venom?”
“Right here.” He holds it up and Obi-Wan steps forward. “It will save her life but I want something in return.”
“What?”
“Name your price.”
“Name yours.”
“Your life for hers.”
“Deal.” Obi-Wan answers without hesitation.
“Good.” Grievous throws him the vial and he passes it to Rex.
“Tell senator Amidala to keep Ahsoka on base. Tell her she has to inject it into Ahsoka, she’s the only one I trust to do it. Tell Anakin not to come here.”
“Yes Sir!” Rex nods and Obi-Wan turns to Grievous.
“Well?”
“Follow me General.” Grievous walks off and Obi-Wan follows him , the squadron of battle droids fall in behind them. Rex watches them go and heads back to base camp. Rex walks in to the Infirmary. “Senator.” Padme looks up at him.
“Rex did you get it?”
“Yes we did.” He passes her the needle. “General Kenobi said you’re the only one he will trust to inject it.”
“Oh, right.” She injects the anti-venom into Ahsoka’s arm and stands up. “Captain?”
“Yes Senator?”
“Where is he?”
“Who?”
“General Kenobi.”
“Oh, Urm…he stayed behind.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.”
“Rex, tell me I know you know.”
“He made a deal with Grievous.”
“What deal Rex?”
“Well he…Urm…”
“Rex!”
“He gave his life for hers. “ The words leave his mouth quicker than a plasma blast leaves a blaster. “What?!” Padme looks at Rex and then to Ahsoka. She wakes up a few minutes later to Padme pacing back and forth across the room. “Senator?”
“Ahsoka!” Padme smiles at her but Ahsoka can see the worry in her eyes. She looks around for Anakin. “Where’s Anakin?”
“I need to talk to you about him Ahsoka.”
“He’s done something stupid hasn’t he? What’s he done?”
“He…” Padme sits on the bed next to Ahsoka.
“I know where he is.”
“You do?” Padme glances at Rex, he shakes his head. She looks back at Ahsoka.
“Yes he’s at Grievous’ outpost.”
“No Ahsoka, not yet anyway. Obi-Wan is, he’s going to rescue him.”
“I could see it in your eyes.” She smiles back at Padme. Padme turns her head away and Ahsoka’s smile fades. “He’s in danger isn’t he?”
“I don’t know but you can’t go after him.”
“Why not? Who’s going to stop me?”
“Anakin gave Rex orders to keep you here.”
“And how are you going to do that Rex?”
“Well you will be escorted everywhere and your door will be guarded.”
“Fine. I’m going to my quarters.” She stands and walks out of the infirmary. Rex, Padme and two clone troopers follow her. The door closes and she sits on the floor running her plan through her head one more time. She stands up and quietly records a message for Padme.  Ahsoka opens her window and sneaks out of the base camp. Her plan is simple, rescue Anakin and keep him alive by any means possible. She runs through the forest towards the outpost.

In Grievous’ outpost Obi-Wan is locked in the dungeon. “This is your plan? To leave me here to rot. You know me better than that.”
“Oh you won’t be escaping Kenobi!”
“I didn’t mean that.”
“And I doubt your Padawan will save you!”  Grievous stamps on Obi-Wan’s com-link and leaves him alone. Obi-Wan sits in the cell, he looks at his wrist and then down at the crumpled Com-link. “I hope Rex managed to keep Anakin and Ahsoka on base.” A familiar voice comes from behind the door. “Ahh! Damn it! Stupid droid!” He sighs and looks up. Ahsoka opens the cell door. “Tada.”
“What are you doing?”
“Rescuing you of course.”
“Well I don’t want to be rescued ok? Leave please.”
“Why?”
“Because….”
“I’m going to kill you!”  Ahsoka winces at the sound of Grievous’ voice. She turns round to face him. “General Grievous.”
“Jedi Youngling.”
“Ahsoka, What are you doing?”
“I told you I’m on a rescue mission.”
“I don’t think so.” Ventress steps out of the shadows. She lifts Ahsoka up using the force and strangles her. Ahsoka soon passes out and Ventress throws her in to the cell with Obi-Wan. Grievous slams the door shut. “Some rescuer she turned out to be hey Kenobi?!” He laughs as Obi-Wan tends to his fallen friend. “Ahsoka? Look at me please. Ahsoka?” He cradles her in his arms.

Padme is woken by Rex knocking at her door. “Senator!”
“Yes?”
“Commander Tano has escaped.”
“What?” She opens the door. “Not to point any fingers but wasn’t it your job to make sure that doesn’t happen?”
“She is a Jedi!”
“And your point is?”
“She’s sneaky.”
“What’s Anakin going to say when he finds out?”
“He probably knows already. That’s where she will have gone.”
“Let’s just hope they can get out of this alive.”
Ahsoka wakes up and smiles at Obi-Wan he gives her a disappointed look. “What were you thinking Ahsoka?”
“I just wanted to help you. Anakin was worrying about this and I thought I’d get to you before him.”
“I had the situation under control.”
“Yeah, that’s exactly what it looked like from where I was standing.”
“You can cut it out with the sarcasm young lady!”
“Maybe if you would let me go and stop trying to save me all the time we wouldn’t be in this mess!”
“Huh?! Excuse me! Don’t get snippy with me!”
“Really? That’s the best you can come up with?!” Aurra Sing walks in as they argue.
“When you two are quiet finished.” Obi-Wan and Ahsoka look at her. “Tano I have a proposition for you.”
“I don’t make deals with bounty hunters!”
“Very well.” She grabs Ahsoka and puts her blaster to her head. “What are you going to do Skywalker the longer you wait the more likely she is to die!”
“Master don’t!” Anakin stands looking at her Aurra pulls the trigger and the plasma skims Ahsoka’s shoulder.
Meanwhile back at base camp Padme is watching the message Ahsoka left her. “Padme don’t follow me I can do this by myself. I will rescue Obi-Wan even if it means giving my life. This is what I want to do so please let me.” She looks up at Rex and smiles. “Rex do as she says if we interfere then they both could die.”
“Yes senator.”
Aurra pushes Ahsoka into Obi-Wan. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Aurra smiles at them.
“So which one of you is going to save the other?”
“What are you babbling on about  Aurra?”
“This neuro-toxin is lethal so who…?”
“”I will.”
“Ahsoka no!”
“Shut up Master Kenobi!” Ahsoka steps up to Aurra. “Let him go first.”
“The door is open he can leave now if he so chooses.”
“Obi-Wan please, the one thing I don’t want is to die in front of you.” He puts his hands on her shoulders, forgetting about the graze, she flinches and he takes his hands away. “Sorry.”
“It’s ok.”
“I won’t leave you Ahsoka.”
“That’s enough chit chat, who’s going to die?”
“Ahsoka please don’t do this.” She looks at him and smiles weakly. 
“Me. I’ll take the injection.” Ahsoka turns to Anakin. “Go now!” He reluctantly leaves Ahsoka with Aurra.

Anakin decides to go after Obi-Wan, he goes straight to Padme’s quarters to inform her. “Padme?” He knocks on her door.
“Come in Ani.” He enters the room, she’s sat on her bed staring at the Com-disk. “What’s that?”
“It’s a message from Ahsoka.”
“What about?”
“Here.” She passes him the Com-disk. He watches it and hands it back to Padme. “Where is she?”
“She did wat she said she was going to do.” Anakin stands up and walks to the window. “She left last night.” Obi-Wan knocks on the door, Anakin turns round to face him.
“Where’s Ahsoka?” Obi-Wan looks down and sighs.
“She gave her life for mine.” Anakin turns back to Padme and hands Obi-Wan the com-disk. Meanwhile Aurra injects the toxin into Ahsoka. She drops to her knees and falls forward. Aurra kicks her to make sure she’s unconscious. She chuckles and walks out of the cell leaving the doors open. Ahsoka waits until her surrounding fall silent. She stands up, the toxin makes her vision hazy but she finds her way to the front entrance. Ahsoka opens the door and sets off an alarm. “Great!” Five battle droids and three magna guards appear from round the corner. “Stop Jedi!”
“I don’t think so!” She runs put into the woods, the droids follow her. She manages to climb up a tree for refuge. The eight droids soon give up in their search and go back to the outpost. Ahsoka falls asleep soon after the droids had disappeared. 
On base camp Anakin is trying to sleep when he hears a knock at the door. “Who is it?”
“Captain Rex Sir.”
“Come on in Rex. What’s the problem?” He sits up as Rex walks in.
“Any news sir?”
“No, not yet Rex.”
“Oh sorry to disturb you General.” He turns to walk away.
“She’ll come back Rex. I know she will.” Rex nods and leaves Anakin’s quarters.

The next morning Ahsoka heads for base camp. She runs into a droid patrol. “Oh no!” She runs but the droids are quickly on her trail. “I hope I get to base soon.” She dodges shot from the droids. Soon the main gates become visible. She runs towards it. The toxin starts to take full effect and she starts to stagger. Just as she reaches the gate Ahsoka is hit in the back by a stunner. As she falls forwards she hits the control panel. A clone’s voice comes from the speaker. “Identify yourself!” Inside Rex calls Anakin to the control room. “What is it Rex?”
“Sir someone tried to access the main gate.”
“Who?”
“We don’t know.”
“Rotate the cameras.” Anakin watches the monitor, Ahsoka’s body comes into view. Anakin runs out of the Control room. “Open the gate Rex!” He gets to her and rolls her over. “Snips?” He picks her up and takes her to the infirmary. “Come on Snips don’t die on me. Ahsoka?” Obi-Wan walks in and stands behind Anakin as he lays her down.
“Anakin? Aurra Sing just sent a transmission. The toxin was tampered with.”
“What do you mean?”
“It only reacts to Togruta DNA.”
“SO they knew she would take it!?”
“Yes but the droids that shot her sent her immune system into overdrive, she should be fine in a few weeks.”
“Oh, good.” Obi-Wan leaves Anakin with Ahsoka.
Sure enough a few weeks later Ahsoka wakes up. She sits up and Watches Anakin and Padme talking. Padme sees her and smiles, Anakin turns round and relief washes over his face. “Ahsoka don’t you ever try that again!” He hugs her close. A transmission comes through from Rex. “Sir the separatists  have left the planet heading for Shili.”
“Ok, thanks Rex.” He turns to Ahsoka. “Ready to go home Snips?”
“Where ever you go I’ll go.”

Chapter six: Forgotten life
Good memories never fade.

When they reach Shili Ahsoka, Rex and two other troopers do a perimeter check. When they get back to base Anakin meets them for a debriefing. “So Snips what did you find?” “Well master there’s a small village about one hundred click south east apart from that it’s just forest.”
“Good work Snips.” He turns to the clones setting up the outpost. “Right Rex I’m leaving you in command while Ahsoka and I go on a reconnaissance mission to try and find any Separatists outposts.” Anakin and Ahsoka leave the outpost and begin to head North West through the forest. They don’t get too far before they stumble across and Droid patrol. “Hey 127 what’s wrong?”
“I saw that bush move.” Anakin and Ahsoka look at each other.
“It’s just the wind keep moving.”
“Now!” Anakin and Ahsoka jump out of the bush and slice all five droids into tiny pieces. They extinguish their sabers. “All we have to do is follow this track.”
“Yep.” Soon enough they come across Count Dooku’s Outpost.
“Right here we are Snips, we just need a plan to get in there.” A familiar voice comes from behind them. “”How about we take you in?” Anakin and Ahsoka turn round, three droids stand in a line, the middle droid holds a Holodisk in its hand. “General Grievous how’s the cough?” Ahsoka rolls her eyes at her Master’s joke and ignites her Lightsaber. Two commando droids come up behind them and knock them both out. They take Ahsoka into their fortress and leave Anakin in the dirt outside.

Ahsoka wakes up in a small room, strapped to a medical table. A Togruta man in a white lab coat walks over to her. “I hate Jedi, do you want to know  why?”
“Not Really.”
“The Jedi killed my Niece.” He paces around the table.
“Really? Who exactly killed her?”
“Plo Koon!” He spits on the floor after saying his name.
“SO who are you?”
“Enough of your questions Jedi scum!” Count Dooku walks in on the conversation.
“Having some trouble with our prisoner Dr Tano?”
“Dr Tano?” Ahsoka looks at him again, he’s a little thinner but the resemblance to her own father is uncanny. “Your Niece what was her name?”
“Ahsoka.” He leaves the room and Dooku smiles, He walks over to her.
“You told him I was dead?”
“Yes all he thinks is that he is going to kill Koon’s closest friend.”
“You are pure evil Count.”
“I try my best. Now get your rest little one.” Ahsoka glairs at him and pulls on the restraints.

Meanwhile Anakin wakes up in the woods outside. “Ahsoka!” He looks around, droid tracks and drag marks lead to the doors of the Outpost. “Dooku!” He makes his way towards the entrance. Anakin ignites his lightsaber, expecting to be greeted by countless Droids. The door opens and the corridors are empty. He hears Ahsoka shouting her voice echoes through the empty hall ways. “Dooku I swear if you hurt them!”
“Ahsoka!” In the room Ahsoka hears Anakin’s shouts. She smiles.
“Anakin.” She looks at Dooku and then her uncle. “Let them go now!”
“They’re only clones.”
“They’re my friends!”
“What are you willing to do if I let them go?”
“You can do anything you want with me, I don’t care, just let them go NOW!” At the other side of the room Rex and Cody exchange glances. “Fine, Let them go.” Rex hesitates but Cody pulls him out of the room. Dooku turns to Dr Tano. “Is the serum completed?”
“Yes once it is injected into her nervous system, her memories of the past 15 years will be erased and we can then rewrite them to our own design.”
“Good, go and write a slave girl’s life, her master will love that.” He smirks and steps towards her. “You won’t get away with this Dooku.”
“I already have my dear, take time to reflect on your previous life because tomorrow it won’t even have happened.” He takes her bounds off and leaves her in the room alone.
In in the corridor, Rex and Cody bump into Anakin. “Sir!”
“Rex, where is Ahsoka?”
“With Dooku.”
“Alone!”
“Yes sir, she well…”
“She let him do something to her to save us.” Cody but in.
“Where is she?”
“There’s a green door on the left, she’s in there.”
“Right you two get back to the Outpost tell Obi-Wan what happened.” Anakin runs down the corridor towards Ahsoka, he bursts into the room and Ahsoka looks up at him, a single tear runs down her cheek. “Ahsoka, are you alright?”
“Yes I’m fine.” She wipes away her tears. “Do you have any Holodisks with you?”
“Yes, one, why?”
“Because I need to record myself a message.”
“Why?”
“Because Dooku is going to wipe my memory and change it. Anakin promise me you will do everything you can to remind me of who I am.”
“No, let’s get out of here before they come back.”
“Anakin please. Dooku doesn’t know you know about it, please.”
“Fine.” He passes her the Holodisk, she smiles and takes it from him.
“Yes it’s you, well me. I’m you. You are a Jedi, the man next to you is Anakin, your master. He’s telling you the truth don’t lose sight of who you are. Remember Ahsoka, this is not who you are!” She turns it off and passes it back to him. “There keep this with you and give it to me if I don’t believe you.”
“Ahsoka what did you mean by he’s going to change it?”
“Everything from the moment I got lost in that market place will be changed to a different life, I won’t remember the order, you, any of this. It will all be different.”
“No Ahsoka you can’t. Don’t do this.”
“I have to Anakin.” He finally gives in and leaves the Outpost, with no opposition.

Count Dooku and Dr Tano return, Ahsoka stands with her arms crossed over her chest. “Dooku.”
“Lightsabers.” He holds his hand out, Ahsoka sighs and unclips them. She reluctantly hands them over to Dooku. He puts them in a small black box. “Now what?”
“Follow us.” They all leave the room. Dr Tano leans closer to Dooku. “There is one problem with this plan my lord.”
“What is it?”
“Well, she will still be able to wield the force.”
“We’ll manage.”
“Hey Dooku?”
“What is it youngling?”
“Will I get them back?”
“If you remember they are yours. Which I highly doubt.” Ahsoka laughs to herself.
“Oh I think I will, my mind is stronger than you think.”
“We will see.” When they come to the end of the corridor Dooku opens the door to a room and beckons for Ahsoka to enter. She looks inside, it’s small and in the middle stands a table with straps. She walks in and Dooku pins her down as Dr Tano tightens the straps around her wrists and ankles. He gets a needle and pushes it into her temple on the line of her Lekku. She screams and pulls against the restraints. Outside Anakin has to restrain himself from running into the Outpost. “I hate it when she does this!” Dooku, Dr Tano and Ahsoka walk out of the main gate. “Ahsoka.” Anakin watches them from the tree line. A farmer shouts to them. “Tano!”
“Yes sir?”
“Can she work?”
“Yes sir!”
“Good, come on girl!” Ahsoka steps forward.
“You’re not a slave Snips.” Anakin follows Ahsoka and the farmer to the village.

That night Anakin throws a stone through the window of the barn where Ahsoka is sleeping. The stone hits her and she stands up. She looks out of the window, Anakin stands below her. “Ahsoka!”
“Who are you?”
“My name is Anakin, could you come down here please.” Another girl’s voice comes from behind Ahsoka. “Hey Ahsoka, who are you talking to? If it’s one of the boys we’ll be in trouble.”
“I know Sarabi but he won’t go away.”
“Well make him.”
“I can’t talk now, I’ll be in the fields tomorrow.”
“Ok.” Anakin leaves and Ahsoka goes back to her bed.
“Anakin, for some reason that name sounds familiar.”

The next morning the slaves are in the fields. Anakin pops up in front of Ahsoka, she jumps back, pick in hand ready to strike. “You again? What?”
“Your name is Ahsoka Tano.”
“Yes. How did you know that?”
“I’m Anakin Skywalker.”
“So.”
“Ahsoka, if we get caught with him…”
“We? Sarabi I’ll be right back.” Ahsoka pulls Anakin into the trees. “We have about 5 minutes before he notices I’m gone. Start explaining.”
“You’re not a slave Ahsoka, you’re a Jedi.”
“Yeah, right.” She turns to walk away, he grabs her hand and pulls her back. She looks at him, his eyes show pain but his face shows his frustration. “Snips please!”
“What did you just call me?” she looks at him confused.
“Snips. It’s your nickname, I call you Snips and you call me Skyguy. I’m your master we met on Christophsis after Master Yoda sent you.”
“I don’t think so. Just leave me alone, I think you have me confused with someone else. I was taken from a market as a child and sold into slavery.” 
“Tano!” The farmer’s voice echoes through the trees.
“I have to go.” Ahsoka runs back to the field. “Here Sir!”
“Tano where have you been? Trying to escape again were we? Hmm?”
“Sorry sir, no sir, I Urm lost my pick.”
“Right that’s twenty more for lying!”
“But sir.”
“Don’t get Snippy with me little one.” Anakin chuckles to himself and looks down at the Holodisk holding Ahsoka’s message. Ahsoka follows the master into the house, head bowed. It isn’t long before Anakin hears her cries but yet again he has to restrain himself. In the house the Master finishes beating Ahsoka. “Sarabi! Taran!” They both enter the room. “Yes sir?” Sarabi looks at Ahsoka on the floor doubled up. “Sir what..?”
“Get her out of my sight!”
“Sir what did you do, she did nothing wrong.”
“”I would shut up before I beat you as well.”
“Come on Sarabi.” Taran kneels down to help Ahsoka up. She looks at him, then the master. “Don’t threaten my friends.”
“And what are you going to do?!” he begins to hit Sarabi.
“NO!” Ahsoka force pushes him away, he hits the wall at the other side of the room. Ahsoka collapses and Sarabi and Taran take her to the barn to rest.

Later that evening Anakin returns to the barn. “Psst Ahsoka!” Sarabi appears at the window. “Oh it’s you.”
“Sarabi isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“Is Ahsoka there?”
“She’s here but she’s in no condition to talk.”
“Why?” Anakin shuffles on the spot, Sarabi looks round.
“You better come up here.”
“Alright.”  She opens the door for him and he follows her to Ahsoka. Blood dribbles from her nose and mouth, she has a black eye and bruises round her arms. “What happened?”
“She was beaten for trying to escape and for lying.”
“Is she ok?” He sits on the floor next to her and clenches his fists.
“I’ve never seen anyone beaten so severely.”
“What happened exactly, tell me everything.”
“He was beating on her for a while, when the master had stopped beating her we were called in to take her away. I stepped out of line and answered back. He threatened me and hit me, Ahsoka pushed him away without even touching him. She collapsed and we brought her here to rest, she been like this since.” Anakin smiles.
“She used the force?”
“I don’t know about that? I’ve never seen it being used before.”
“You said she didn’t touch him.”
“Yes that’s right and he went flying across the room.”
“Great!” Anakin turns to the window. “Do you know if the master has a black box.”
“Yes he brought one back with him when he bought Ahsoka.”
“Where is it?”
“He’ll have it in his quarters.” 
“Right which room?”
“Top floor, left at the top of the stairs and it’s on your right, second door.”
“Thanks.”
“Where are you going?”
“To get that box.”
“You can’t go in there you’ll get caught.”
“No I won’t.” Anakin sneaks up to the house and finds an open window. Sarabi watches from the barn. Ten minutes later Anakin comes back with the box. Ahsoka wakes up and looks at Sarabi. “Sarabi?”
“Yeah, hey you have a visitor.” She leans closer to Ahsoka. “He’s telling the truth I know he is.”
“What?” Sarabi steps to one side, Anakin steps forward and Ahsoka tries to sit up. Anakin puts his hand out to help her. “Don’t touch me I can do it myself.” She pushes herself up and looks at him. “What do you want this time?”
“To help you.”
“Why? Why do care?”
“Maybe this will help.” He passes her the Holodisk. Ahsoka watches the message.
“I don’t remember making that. It must be fake.”
“You don’t remember because Dooku wiped your memory.”
“Dooku? I can’t remember anything.”
“Look at your belt.”
“Why?”
“Just look at it.”
“Alright.” She sighs and looks down at her belt. “What about it?”
“The clips on it what do you think they are for?”
“Urm some kind of tool, I have no idea.” Anakin hands her Lightsabers to her. “These are mine?”
“Yes they are.”
“If you are telling the truth and I’m a Jedi, why am I here and not in a temple?” Anakin chuckles to himself and crosses his arms. “WE were on a mission. I don’t know why Dooku sent you here. I just want to give you your life back.”
“If I come with you Sarabi comes too.”
“Alright.”
“Ok, we’ll go now. Sarabi help me up.”
“Why now?”
“Because if we go tomorrow we’ll get caught by the master, he’ll be asleep now. I need to find out who I am. Please Sarabi.”
“Ok, Come on.” With help from Anakin and Sarabi, Ahsoka walks out of the barn and into the trees. They walk through the night and by dawn they reach the Outpost. When they get there Anakin leaves Ahsoka and Sarabi in Ahsoka’s quarters. “Come on let’s go and explore.”
“No Ahsoka he told us to stay here.”
“Come on it’ll be fun.”
“Alright but we can’t go far.”
“Yes.” Ahsoka sneaks out first and they make their way through the corridors. “You hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“We’re near the generator room.” Footsteps come closer to them.
“Ahsoka someone is coming.” Sarabi looks at her and tugs her arm.
“Urm.” Ahsoka looks around. “Yes give me a boost.”
“Why?” The footsteps get closer.
“Quickly, we can hide in the air duct.”
“Ok, one, two, three.” Sarabi lifts Ahsoka into the air duct. Ahsoka pulls Sarabi up just as two clones walk round the corner. Ahsoka crawls along the air duct. “Where are you going?” Sarabi whispers as she watches her move away.
“To check out the generator.”
“Ahsoka no what if you get caught?”
“We’re not at the farm anymore Sarabi.” She looks through the vent. “Perfect.”  Ahsoka slides the panel to one side and swings down into the generator room. “Nice.” She walks over to the generator and runs her hand across the control panel. Ahsoka puts her hand to her face and collapses. Sarabi jumps down. “Ahsoka?” she shakes Ahsoka’s shoulder and runs out of the room. “Help please, somebody help me!” Rex comes running round the corner. “What’s the problem?”
“She just collapsed in there, I didn’t want her to leave the room but she wanted to explore.”
“Who?”
“Ahsoka.” Rex opens a com-channel with Anakin.
“General Skywalker.” He waits for Anakin’s reply.
“Go ahead Rex.”
“Commander Tano has collapsed in the generator room, what do you want us to do?”
“Wait there, stay with her, I’m coming now.”
“Yes Sir.”
“What are we going to do?”
 “We need to stay with her, General Sky walker is on his way.” Rex follows Sarabi to Ahsoka.

Anakin runs into the generator room as Ahsoka comes round. “Rex? Anakin?”
“Snips.”
“Why am I in the generator room?”
“Because never follow orders.”
“What are you staring at me for?”
“You remember me.”
“Of course I do Anakin.”
“What else can you remember? From the market to now.” She looks at him confused.
“I can remember master Plo, The temple, Padme, Obi-Wan, R2 Urm.”
“Ok that’s enough.” He hugs her.
“Sir, why can she remember?” Rex stands at the control panel to the generator.
“It must be the Magnetic field.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think it has deactivated whatever they did.”
“Well that’s good.”
“Ahsoka?” She looks at Sarabi who up until now had been stood quietly in the corner watching the reunion. “Yes?”
“Do you remember me?”
“Part of you yes, Sarabi.” She looks to Anakin. “I don’t understand, everything from the moment my uncle injected me with that serum is blank up until now but I can remember fragments of Sarabi. How is that possible?”
“I have no idea Snips. Come on I have a fourteen year old surprise for you.”
“What?”
“You’ll see, he pulls her to her feet. “It’s good to have you back Snips.”
“It feels good to be back, but I feel like I’ve gone through a battle these last few days.” They walk to Obi-Wan’s quarters, when they get there Anakin turns to Ahsoka. “Don’t get angry with me, it wasn’t my idea.”
“What wasn’t?” He opens the door. Obi-Wan is stood in the middle of the room, a Togruta girl stands next to him, her head tails bright white and brilliant purple just like Dr Tano’s. “Ahsoka!” She runs up to Ahsoka and hugs her.
“Tania?”
“Yeah.”
“Why are you here?”
“Master Yoda said I’m just like you.”
“Did he now?” Ahsoka glances at Anakin.
“Yeah he said I could be Obi-Wan’s Padawan so I can learn with you.”
“Great!” She puts her hand on Tania’s shoulder. “Can I talk to Anakin and Obi-Wan for a moment please?”
“Yeah sure.” She goes out into the corridor, the door closes and Ahsoka turns to Obi-Wan and Anakin. “Why is she here?!”
“Hit was his idea.” Anakin points at Obi-Wan.
“I admit it is partially my fault.” Obi-Wan holds his hands up.
“I just want her safe, away from her father!”
“She’ll be fine Snips.”
“Yeah, famous last words Anakin!”
“Hey this isn’t my fault.”
“I know, I know. Sorry.” Tania comes back in.
“Master Skywalker, Captain Rex is outside.” Anakin goes out into the corridor.
“Yes Rex?”
“Droids are flanking around the base Sir.”
“From which sides?”
“Right, Left and Front.”
“Ok, thank you Rex, ready the men.” He goes back into Obi-Wan’s quarters. “Obi-Wan, Ahsoka we have a problem.”
“What sort of problem?”
“Droids, flanking in from the front, left and right sides.”
“Dibs on front!”  Ahsoka starts to run out of the room.
“Alright Snips.” She stops at the door.
“But Anakin, what about Tania?”
“She can stay here.” He turns to Tania. “Stay here little one, this will be dangerous.” Anakin, Obi-Wan and Ahsoka walk out of the room and into the corridor. “Hey Snips bet I can cut down more Droids than you.”
“You’re on Skyguy!” They run off, Obi-wan shakes his head.
“Will you two ever mature.” He heads for the right side of the compound.

Ahsoka stands in front of the battalion of droids, She smiles and ignites her Lightsabers. Tania runs out beside her. “Tania get back inside!”
“But I want to help.” Ahsoka looks around for an excuse. She spots R2 at the door.
“Ok, help by guarding R2, he has a lot of important information.”
“Ok, yeah. Come on R-tooie!” R2 beeps at Ahsoka.
“Sorry little guy.” Ahsoka turns and begins to slice at the droids. At the back of the outpost Grievous finds Tania and R2 hiding in Ahsoka’s quarters. He takes them away leaving Tania’s lightsabre behind. He makes his way out of the outpost undetected. The droids retreat and Anakin, Obi-Wan and Ahsoka return inside to make sure everyone is present and alright. “Anakin Tania and R2 are missing.”
“What?”
“Tania and R2 are not here.”
“Great!”
“I’ll go check in my quarters she might be in there.” Ahsoka runs out of the food hall and through the corridors. Ahsoka opens the door to her quarters. The room is trashed. “Oh no.” She picks up Tania’s lightsaber. “Anakin! Get down here!”
“Why?”
“Just come here!”
“Alright.”

At Dooku’s outpost he walks into a room. Tania glares at him. “I know who you are.”
“Do you now?”
“Yes you’re Count Dooku!”
“Very good little one.”
“What did you with R2?”
“he droid?”
“Yes!”
“Oh you won’t have to worry about that.”
“Where is he? What have you done to him!?”
“Well what I will do to him is slowly take him apart bit by bit and then I’ll melt him down into scrap metal!”
“No!” Tania struggles and Dooku laughs.
“You can’t escape youngling!”
“I can try.” They both hear a big crash and R2 beeping. Tania smiles at Dooku, Ahsoka bursts into the room. “Dooku!”
“Tano?!”
“Let her go!”
“How did you remember?”
“Long story, I’ll bore you another time, now let her go.”
“Who are you talking about?”
“Tania let her go!”
“What about your new best friend?”
“What?” He points to Sarabi slumped against the far wall of the room. “Sarabi!”
“Which one will you save Tano?”
“Both, let them both go and you can have me instead. Please just don’t hurt them.”
Outside Anakin, Obi-Wan and R2 are waiting for Ahsoka. “What is taking her so long, I’m going in there.”
“Anakin wait, she’ll be fine.” Tania runs out followed by Sarabi. “Tania, where’s Ahsoka?” Tania hugs R2 and looks at Obi-Wan.
“She’s with Count Dooku. He’s gonna kill her!”
“Anakin you have to stop him, she helped me escape the farm.”
“I know Sarabi.” Anakin runs towards the outpost. The doors open and Ahsoka staggers out. “Ahsoka!” Anakin runs over to her. “Snips.”
“Where’s Tania?”
“She’s safe, she’s with Obi-Wan and Sarabi.”
“Good.” He helps her to the bushes. “Anakin, just leave me here, I’ll only slow you down.”
“No Ahsoka I won’t leave you behind.”
“I’ll catch up.” She winces and he catches her as she sways.
“What did Dooku do to you?”
“Poi…” She passes out into his arms, Anakin looks at Obi-Wan. “I’m going to kill him.”
“Anakin calm down, we’ll take her back to base and see what we can do first.”
“Alright.” They take Ahsoka back to the outpost.

Obi-Wan finds the antidote for the poison. Anakin sits by Ahsoka’s side. “Snips?” Ahsoka moans. “Anakin?” She opens her eyes and squints. He looks at her and smiles. “Hey, Snips.”
“Hey.” She pushes herself up. “Is Tania alright?”
“Yeah, she’s training with Obi-Wan.”
“Good.”
“Ahsoka, I need to ask you something.”
“Yeah, what?”
“Do you want to take your final exam?”
“Why now?”
“Because I think you’re ready.”
“Oh, I guess I could, yeah ok.”
“Good because I already told master Yoda that you’re ready. You go tomorrow.”
“Ok.” She looks at him. “Is there something else?”
“Huh? Oh no, sorry Snips. See you later.”
“Bye Anakin.” He smiles and leaves the infirmary. “I’m going to let him down I know I am.”

The following morning Anakin and Ahsoka head for Coruscant, by the time they get there it’s the dead of night. Padme and the Jedi counsel meet them at the hanger. Anakin and Ahsoka walk towards them. “Master Yoda, Ahsoka agrees, she thinks she is ready for her final exam.”
“Yes, your test young one tomorrow it will be, rest now you must.”
“Yes Master Yoda.” Ahsoka leaves them and goes to her quarters.
Padme and Anakin walk through the corridors. “Do you really think she’s ready Anakin?”
“I hope so. She needs to work on her own for a while.”
“You think she’s in danger again don’t you?”
“I just don’t want her to get hurt.”
“I know you don’t. Why now?”
“I sense Dooku is up to his old tricks.”
“I see.”

As the sun rises Anakin and Ahsoka meet with the Counsel. Ahsoka goes off with Mace and Plo-Koon to take her exam. Anakin and Obi-Wan wait in the corridor. “I hope she’s ok.”
“She will be fine Anakin.”
“Obi-Wan, what’s going to happen after this?”
“Well Ahsoka will come back to Shili with myself and Tania while you go to Serenno with Mace.”
“On, Just keep an eye out for Dooku.”
“I will Anakin, she will be safe.” A few minutes later Ahsoka returns.
“Well Snips?”
“Urm, I failed.”
“Something else on your mind?”
“You don’t seem too bothered.”
“Sorry Ahsoka, it’s just well… You’re going down to Shili with Obi-Wan and Tania. I’ve been assigned somewhere else.”
“Oh.” They start to walk back to the hanger. Ahsoka says goodbye to Anakin and gets on the frigate.

When they get back to Shili Obi-Wan takes Cody and does a patrol of the Outpost. While he’s away Sarabi comes to the Outpost. “Ahsoka, So what happened?”
“I failed my final exam so I am not a Jedi knight yet but I am a general.”
“Nice.” They hear a bang and Tania shout.
“Tania!” Ahsoka and Sarabi run to her quarters. “Tania?” Dooku steps out of the shadows holding Tania. “Dooku let her go!” Grievous comes up behind them and grabs Sarabi. “Ahso…” Ahsoka swizzles on her heels.
“Let them GO!” A Magna-guard comes up behind her and knocks her out. They take Ahsoka and the others away.  Obi-Wan returns to the outpost to find Ahsoka and Tania are missing. “Ahsoka come in.”
“Sir I don’t think they’ll be answering.”
“And why is that Cody?”
“Com-links.” He holds out two com-links.
“Oh right.” Obi-Wan takes them off him and sighs. “I suppose I better tell Anakin.”

In Dooku’s Outpost Ahsoka wakes up in a dark room. She sits up and finds her hands are tied behind her back. Two Magna-guards come in and pull her to her feet. “Hey, let me go!” They drag her out of the room and into another. Tania and Sarabi watch as the droids throw Ahsoka down. She kneels in front of them. “Tania are you ok?”
“Yes I’m fine.”
“Sarabi?”
“Ahsoka I’m scared.”
“Don’t be he’ll sense it and play on it.”
“Who will?”
“Count Dooku.”
“How are you going to call for backup? You don’t have a com-link.”
“I don’t need back up.”
“That’s funny Tano, whenever you get into trouble Skywalker has to rescue you.” Dooku walks into the room. “What do you want Dooku?”
“A decision from you.”
“What?” She looks at him confused.
“Who are you going to save? Your dear sweet cousin or the slave girl you call a friend?!”
“Both, let them go Dooku.”
“You can save one.”
“Take me, let them go.”
“I’ve tried to kill you enough time already to know that you will survive. So pick one.”
“I can’t!”
“Then I’ll choose for you.”
“No!” Dooku walks up to Tania. “Don’t you dare Dooku!”
“Too late Tano.” He trusts his lightsaber into Tania’s chest.
“No!” Ahsoka flinches. “Tania.” She bites her lip and watches as Dooku kicks Tania’s body and walks over to Sarabi. “No Dooku!”
“You or her Tano?”
“Me, kill me, let her go!”
“No, I’ve changed my mind.”
“No!”
“Ahsoka?”
“I’m sorry.” Ahsoka closes her eyes and bows her head.
“You can join them if you want Tano.”
“How?”
“A simple injection.”
“Another of my uncle’s experiments, no thank you.”
“Tough.” Dr Tano walks in. He grabs Ahsoka’s arm and injects something into her.
“What was that?”
“You don’t need to know exactly all you need to know is it is lethal once it reaches your heart.” Dooku smiles and walks away. “Untie her she won’t go anywhere.”

Back at the Outpost Obi-Wan is talking to Anakin. “Right I’m coming back to Shili.”
“No Anakin. I can handle this.”
“I’m coming!” Anakin breaks communication.
“Will he ever learn?” Obi-Wan goes outside and waits for Anakin’s arrival. He orders groups of troops to different areas to sweep for Ahsoka and Tania. When he sees a fleet entering the atmosphere he shakes his head. Anakin lands in front of him. “Obi-Wan did you find her yet?”
“Not yet Anakin.”
“Where haven’t you looked?”
“Well we saved his outpost for you.”
“Great.” Anakin sets off with Rex, they land the frigate a fair distance away from the outpost. Inside Dr Tano watches over Ahsoka as she drifts in and out of consciousness. “How does it feel?” They both hear Anakin shout.
“Ahsoka! Snips!”
“I’m in here!” She tries to shout but can only manage a whisper. He bursts into the room. “Snips!? Are you ok?”
“Anakin? How did you..?”
“Are you ok?” Dr Tano steps towards Anakin.
“I poisoned her, by my calculations she’ll die soon.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why would you poison your niece?”
“She’s not my niece my niece and daughter were killed by the Jedi!”
“Anakin don’t.”
“She is Ahsoka. Look at her.”
“Anakin.”
“If you tell the truth what happened to my daughter?”
“Tania, oh she is dead but not because of the Jedi, because of the Sith!”
“Then where is her body?!”
“Right in front of you!” Anakin points to Tania’s body at his feet.
“Anakin.”
“So it is true.”
“Anakin.” Ahsoka stands up and sways. “Anakin!”
“What?”
“We need to go now!”
“Why?”
“Do you want me to die?”
“Ok, Snips.”
“Wait.” Dr Tano passes Anakin a vile. “I’m sorry, I will right this wrong.”  Anakin and Ahsoka make their way out of the outpost.

When they get outside Ahsoka stumbles. “Come on Snips.”
“I’m coming.” She stands up and Dooku is stood in front of her. “Anakin.”
“Hurry up Ahsoka or Dooku will catch us.”
“I already have Skywalker.” Anakin turns round. Dooku has his arm wrapped around Ahsoka’s neck. “Ahsoka!”
“Dooku let her go, she’s my only family.”
“I don’t think so.” He holds the hilt of his lightsaber to her back and ignites it. Ahsoka goes pale, Dooku retracts his lightsaber and walks away. Dr Tano runs after him and Anakin runs to Ahsoka. “Snips.”
“How far away is the frigate?”
“Not far why?”
“Help me up.”
“Alright.” Anakin helps her up.
“Where’s my Uncle?”
“He went after Dooku.” They hear him shout and then Dooku’s lightsaber ignite.
“No!” Ahsoka twist to try to get to him. Anakin holds her back. “Ahh!” Ahsoka looks at Anakin. “I’m the least one, they’re all dead.”
“I’m sorry Ahsoka.”
“Oh no.” She stumbles but Anakin holds her steady.
“What?”
“I don’t….” She passes out and Anakin scoops her up into his arms.
“Great! Rex start the frigate! We’re going to Naboo!”, He runs over the ramp and closes the doors. On board Anakin hooks Ahsoka up to the life support and injects the vile Dr Tano gave him into her shoulder. “Hang in there Snips.” He goes to the bridge to help Rex. “Sir general Kenobi is trying to contact us.”
“enhance the signal.”
“Yes Sir! Sir will she..?”
“She’ll be ok the quicker we can get her to Naboo.”
“Right.” A hologram of Obi-Wan appears.
“Anakin where are you going?”
“I have to get Ahsoka to a suitable hospital.”
“Why?”
“Dooku stabbed her.”
“Did you find Tania?”
“Yes master, we did.”
“And?”
“We couldn’t save her, she was dead when we arrived.”
“Ah, I see, did Ahsoka..?”
“I don’t know if she did or not.”
“Ok. Get her to the hospital.”
“I’ll contact you when we get to Naboo.”
“Ok, I’ll see you later, oh and Anakin she’ll be fine.”
“I hope so.” They finish the transmission.

When they get to Naboo Anakin and Rex take Ahsoka straight to the hospital. “Come on Ahsoka don’t die.” He paces next to her Bacta tank.
“Anakin?” He turns round to see Padme standing next to Rex.
“Padme why are you here?”
“I have a meeting later on.”
“Oh, right, well I guess Rex told why we’re here.”
“Yes he did.” Padme steps forward and puts her hand on Anakin’s back. She looks at Ahsoka. “How is she doing?”
“Good, she should be ok.”
“That’s good.”  She looks at him. “Is there something else?”
“One thing.”
“What?”
“I think she saw Dooku kill Tania.”
“Her cousin?”
“Yes.”
“Oh.”
“I don’t know if she’ll get over it.”
“Well I’ll have to go now, keep me up to date.”
“I will.” Padme kisses his cheek and leaves. Anakin looks at Ahsoka, he puts his hand on the tank. “Don’t give up.” He walks away and contacts Obi-Wan.

A few nights later Ahsoka wakes up. “Anakin?” She looks around. “He did it!” A nurse turns to her. “Shh.”
“Sorry.” She tries to sit up. “Ah!” Anakin stands in the door way.
“Ahsoka!” He runs over to her bedside. “How are you feeling?”
“Ok, just alone.”
“Why? I’m here.”
“My whole family are dead except for me.”
“I know how you feel Snips.”
“Do you? Anakin, you could still have family on Tatooine. I know that I’m the last of mine.”
“Hey, we are your family. Ok? You’re not alone.”
“Yeah ok. Anakin?”
“Yes Snips?”
“Where’s Padme?”
“Why?”
“Because I need to talk to her about something.”
“Oh, ok. I’ll bring her here in the morning. I want you to rest now.”
“Ok, I’ll see you tomorrow.” He nods and leaves the hospital. It doesn’t take long for Ahsoka to fall asleep.

The next morning, Anakin and Padme go to see her. “Snips? Ahsoka?” Anakin gently shakes her shoulder. “Hey.” She opens her eyes and looks up at them both.
“Anakin?”
“Yeah?”
“Go away.”
“Excuse me?” He looks at her, she smiles at him and points to Padme.
“I want to speak to Padme alone please.”
“Ok.” Anakin taps the side of the bed and walks out of the ward. Padme sits on the edge of the bed. “What is it Ahsoka?”
“I want to talk to you because I need your advice.”
“What about?” Ahsoka looks down at the sheets.
“I don’t know whether or not to Anakin about Tania and Sarabi.”
“What about them?”
“I watched him do it.” She looks up at Padme, tears in her eyes. Padme puts her hand on Ahsoka’s “Who?”
“Dooku, I watched him kill them in front of me.”
“Oh, Ahsoka I’m sorry. You should tell him. Anakin, he had a similar experience. He’ll understand.”
“Ok, thank you Padme.”
“That’s ok Ahsoka.” She smiles, hugs her and walks away. When she gets to Anakin she looks at him and whispers. “You were right.” He looks at her and then to Ahsoka. He walks back into the ward and over to her. “Are you ready to go Snips?”
“Not really but I have to. What are you going to do now?”
“Well Master Yoda has ordered you to take on light duties so he has allowed me to join you and Obi-Wan on Shili.”
“Great!”
“There is one catch.”
“What?”
“Obi-Wan and I have to accompany Padme to a meeting so we will be dropping you off at base and leaving.”
“Ok.”
“Yeah, so let’s get down there.”
“Alright.” Anakin watches her sit up slowly and put his hand out to her to help her stand.
“Ahsoka, don’t blame yourself.”
“I’m not.”
“Ok.” He looks at her. “Ahsoka?”
“Yes?”
“Is there anything you want to talk about?” She sighs and looks at him.
“I saw him do it.” She looks away as they walk through the ward.
“Oh, Snips…”
“Don’t say it Anakin, I’m fine.”
“Ok, ok, come on lets go.”
“Good idea.” They walk the rest of the way to the hanger in silence.

When they get to Shili Anakin and Obi-Wan ready to leave. “You’ll be fine here won’t you?”
“Yes, I have Gunny with me, I’ll be fine. You worry too much master.”
“Alright, we shouldn’t be too long, if you need anything contact us.”
“I know, I will.”
“Anakin we have to go!”
“Alright see you later Snips.” 
“Ok.” Ahsoka watches them go. “Come on Gunny let’s get inside. It’s getting late.”
“Yes sir!”
“what did I say about calling me sir?”
“Sorry Ma’am.”
“Better.” They go inside and Ahsoka goes straight to her quarters. “Tania I’m so sorry.” She squeezes Tania’s lightsaber. Gunny knocks on her door. “Urm, General?”
“One minute.” She puts Tania’s lightsaber into a drawer and slams it shout. She opens the door. “What?”
“Well Si…Ma’am the separatists are closing in around us.”
“Why didn’t you warn me?!”
“We did try.”
“Not good enough Gunny.” She steps out into the corridor. “Where are they now?”
“200 clicks.”
“They’ll be closer now.” They run down the corridor. When they get outside Grievous is waiting for them. “General Grievous.”
“General Tano.”
“What do you want?”
“Revenge.”
“Yeah well come back later, he’s not in.”
“How do you know I meant Skywalker?”
“You’re just that predictable.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yeah.” He coughs and looks past her at the battalion standing ready to fight.
“Fine, I’ll see you later General.” Grievous turns around and leaves. Ahsoka turns to Gunny. “it’s over for now, double patrols and tighten security.”

Everything is quiet for two days. When Anakin and Obi-Wan are due to return the red alert is set off. Everyone crowds into the com-tower. “Right Gunny take some men and try to dismantle those detonators!”
“Will do Ma’am.”
“Everyone else keep your eyes open whoever did this might still be around.”
“Yes Ma’am!” Meanwhile Anakin and Obi-Wan approach the planet. Anakin opens a com-channel. “Ahsoka come in.”
“Anakin don’t come down here! I repeat do not..!” There’s a large explosion and communications are cut off. “Ahsoka!” Anakin looks at Obi-Wan. They land next to where the Outpost used to be. “Ahsoka!” Anakin runs round trying to find her. Obi-Wan stands back and scans the wreckage for her. He spots a faint sparking sound and starts to move towards it. “Anakin!” Obi-Wan waves him over to him, Anakin runs over.
“Have you found her?”
“I’m not sure, help me lift this.” Together they lift the sheet of metal and as Obi-Wan predicted Ahsoka is under it, her head and shoulders are under the control panel for the com-tower. “Ahsoka!” Anakin touches her leg, “Snips?”
“Huh?” She comes out from under the control panel and shields her eyes to look at him. “Anakin?”
“Yes, are you ok?”
“I think so.” She stands up with Obi-Wan’s help and looks around. “Why am I always the last one?” She mutters under her breath.
“What do you mean?” Anakin looks at her. She brushes herself off.
“Grievous did this I know he did.”
“How?”
“He came shortly after you left. Then he just left without a fight. It has to be him.”
“Ok, come on let’s get back to Naboo and report this.”
“Ok, have you seen Gunny? I sent him to the other side of the outpost.”
“I haven’t seen him.”
“Can we look for him?”
“I wouldn’t if I were you.”
“Why not?” Anakin looks around at the wreck of the outpost and back to her.
“You might not like what you see Ahsoka.”
“Ok.” They head for the carrier. When they get in the air Grievous is waiting and starts to fire at them. Ahsoka stumbles but manages to wrap her wrist into the hanging handle. “Snips!”
“I’m ok.”
“Sir the engine’s hit!”
“What?!”
“We’re going down!”
“Everyone bale!”
“Anakin!” Everyone bales out but Ahsoka is too tangled to get free. The carrier goes down and so does she. “Ahsoka!” Anakin and Obi-Wan help the clones land safely and run over to the crash site. Grievous’ ship zooms off over head. “I hope she got out.”
“She didn’t Anakin.”
“How do you know?” He looks down at what Obi-Wan sees. “Oh right. Together?” Obi-Wan nods and they manage to get her from the wreck. They take her to Naboo for treatment.

Anakin stands in the corridor outside the ward where Ahsoka is unconscious. The doctor walks over to him. “General, I have some bad news.”
“What?”
“We will have to reconstruct her left leg and she’ll need to be in a Bacta tank for another week.”
“Will she…?”
“She’ll be fine. In a few weeks.”
“When will she have the surgery?”
“Well, we’ll take her in next.”
“Can I see her?”
“Yes but she won’t know you’re there.”
“I just want to see her.” Anakin walks into the ward and over to Ahsoka. “Snips.” He holds her hand and squeezes it. “You’ll be ok.” He leaves and the doctors take Ahsoka for her surgery.

A few weeks later Ahsoka has fully recovered from her surgery. Anakin helps her out of the bed. “Thank you.”
“That’s ok.”
“It feels weird.”
“What does?”
“The fact that no matter what life throws at me I always bounce back when so many others die.”
“You’re just lucky.”
“Maybe. I’m just worried that Dooku or Grievous will actually kill me.”
“Neither of them will kill you Snips, not while I’m around. I’ve got your back.”
“So what are we going to do now?”
“We are going back to Shili to help finish the clean-up.”
“Ok.”
“Then we are going to Naboo for a break. Padme is lending us he summer house.”
“Right.” Obi-Wan walks over to them.
“Anakin are you both ready to go?”
“Yeah I think we are.”
“Good come on.” The trio head for Shili.

After they pack up Ahsoka looks around for Anakin. “Obi-Wan have you seen Anakin?”
“The last time I saw him he was wandering off.”
“Oh, ok this should be fun.” She starts to walk into the woods.
“Ahsoka!”
“Yeah?!”
“Where are you going?”
“To find Anakin, we’re packed up so we need to get going.”
“Alright don’t be long.”
“I won’t!” She runs off into the woods. Ahsoka finds Anakin slumped over a fallen tree. “Anakin?”
“Snips?”
“I’m here, are you ok?”
“Yeah I think so.”
“Good come on, Obi-Wan is waiting.” She helps him up. Ahsoka starts to walk away, Anakin looks at the syringe, Dooku gave him, containing a lethal poison. “Sorry.” He grabs Ahsoka and Jabs the needle into her neck. “What the..?! Anakin?!” Pain oozes its way down her neck into her chest. He walks backwards and lays her on the floor. He hesitates and runs off. “Hey don’t leave me here! Anakin!” Ahsoka pushes herself up against a tree. “Obi-Wan, Rex, anyone come in.”
“Yes Ahsoka?”
“Stay away from Anakin.”
“Why?”
“He’s different.”
“How?”
“He tried to kill me. Obi-Wan he’s dangerous.” She coughs and winces.
“Can you walk back to base?”
“I’ll try, send Rex in the direction I went and I’ll find him.”
“Alright, will do Ahsoka.” Ahsoka forces herself to stand and starts to stagger back to base, each step feels like daggers in her legs. Rex meets her half way, he holsters his pistols and wraps his arm around her waist. She curls her arm around his shoulders and the two of them walks back the rest of the way. Rex and Ahsoka appear from the tree line. “General Kenobi!” Obi-Wan turns around.
“Rex, get her to the frigate and get her to Naboo!” Rex helps Ahsoka across the clearing. Ahsoka grabs Obi-Wan’s arm. “Has Anakin shown up yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Let me know when he does.”
“I will.” They get onto the frigate and the ramp is lifted. Just as they leave the ground, Anakin runs out into the clearing, Obi-Wan ignites his lightsaber and two troopers stun Anakin. As the frigate jumps into hyperspace Ahsoka loses consciousness. 

When she wakes up Obi-Wan is sat at the end of the bed talking to Cody. “Just make sure he is secure, I don’t want to risk anything.”
“Yes sir.” Cody leaves and Obi-Wan turns round, Ahsoka smiles at him.
“Hey.”
“Hello, how are you feeling?”
“Fine, where’s Anakin?”
“He’s in the cell block.”
“Why?”
“He’s dangerous.”
“But he’s not a criminal.”
“He nearly killed you!”
“I don’t care, he’s still Anakin!”
“No he isn’t, not anymore!” Obi-Wan stands up. “Rex will be here soon, I’ve told him not to let you out of his sight. Stay here!” He walks out of the ward and round the corner.
“I won’t give up on you.” Soon after Rex enters the ward and walks up to Ahsoka.
“How are you doing?”
“Fine, I’m just fine, thank you.” She sits up and gets out of the bed. “Rex, do you know where Anakin is locked up.”
“Yes I do but…”
“Take me.”
“No. Sir.”
“That’s an order Rex!”
“Fine, follow me.” Rex leads Ahsoka down to the cell blocks and to Anakin’s cell. Ahsoka takes her Lightsabers off her belt and passes them to Rex. “What are you doing?”
“I need to show him that I trust him.” She walks over to the door. “Put your blaster on stun, just in case.” She opens the door and walks over to Anakin.
“Ahsoka?!”
“Anakin.”
“I thought I’d…”
“Killed me.”
“Yes.”
“I’ve come to warn you.”
“About what?”
“They think you’re insane.”
“Who does?”
“The counsel.”
“Oh, Ahsoka you know me. Why would I try to hurt you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do I look like a killer to you?”
“I don’t know anymore.” She crosses her arms. “Dooku is messing with your mind Anakin.”
“Snips look at me. I wouldn’t dare hurt you.” Rex watches from outside.
“Get out of there.”
“Rex let him down.”
“What?”
“Do it.” Rex sighs and lets Anakin down from his restraints. “I trust you Anakin.”
“I know you do.” He grabs her throat and force locks the door. “But you shouldn’t.” Rex desperately tries to get into the cell. “General Kenobi! Get down to the cell block now!”
“Why what has happened Rex?”
“its General Sky walker sir, he’s gone mad.”
“Why?”
“He’s trying to kill Ahsoka again.”
“Alright Rex, I’m on my way.”

When Obi-Wan finally gets there Anakin has locked Ahsoka and Rex in the cell. “Anakin stop!” Rex is knelt on the floor with Ahsoka’s head on his lap.
“Oh how nice of you to join us Obi-Wan.”
“Anakin please stop this, think of Ahsoka, she trusted you even though you tried to kill her!”
“So?!”
“She was going to go to the temple tomorrow to persuade Master Yoda, the counsel and the senate to reconsider your punishment.”
“I don’t care!”
“Your mind says that but your eyes tell a different story.” Obi-Wan looks at Anakin. “I know you care about her, I’m not stupid Anakin.” Anakin laughs and turns away. Obi-Wan watches him walk away and Helps Rex take Ahsoka to the hospital. She wakes a few hours later in the hospital ward. R2D2 stands guard at her bed side. “R2? Where’s Anakin?” Obi-Wan walks over to her. “We don’t know he ran after he attacked you and Rex. Ahsoka he’s gone you can’t bring him back this time.”
“Yes I can!” Obi-Wan sighs, realizing he won’t win this argument and leaves. Ahsoka Sneaks out of the hospital and wanders off on her own to find Anakin, what she finds is more shocking than she anticipated.

One last mission.

“Anakin!” He turns around to face Ahsoka.
“you just made a big mistake Snips.”
“Did I?” Dooku steps from behind a tree.
“He’s on my side now Tano, there’s nothing you can do. You can’t stop me this time.”
“Do you really want to play this game Dooku?” Ahsoka puts her hands on her lightsabers. Dooku and Anakin ignite theirs. “Do you?”
“Touché.” They start to fight, Anakin pushes her up against a tree and holds his lightsaber at her throat. Ahsoka puts her hands up. “Drop ‘em.” She drops her lightsabers and sighs. She runs her tongue across her teeth and smiles. “You got me. Go on Anakin show him what you can do, I dare you.” He looks at Dooku and then back at Ahsoka. “What are you waiting for Skywalker?!”
“I…” Anakin puts his Lightsaber away.
“Kill her Skywalker!”
“No.” Ahsoka smiles at Dooku, he looks at her then back to Anakin. Dooku steps forward. “Then I will!” Anakin hangs his head and lets go of her. Dooku rams his lightsaber through Ahsoka’s chest and into the tree. “Ahh!” He turns away and Ahsoka slides down the tree. She picks her lightsabers up and finds the Holodisk she had hidden. She sits up against the tree and holds her things close to her chest. Anakin waits for Dooku to leave and kneels next to her. “Ahsoka, I am so, so sorry.” She smiles at him. “Look don’t worry about it, take these.” She hands him her sabers and the Holodisk. “No snips, I can…”
“Anakin please, take these to my quarters.”
“How will I get in?”
“You’ll find a way. Just don’t freak out. Please.” She closes her eyes and slips away. Anakin looks at her and then to the things in his hand. He makes his way back to Theide, he finds a way in to the city annex and gets to Ahsoka’s quarters. Inside Ahsoka is sat on the floor, eyes closed. “Please let this have worked.” The door opens.
“Ahsoka?!” Anakin drops to his knees in front of her, she opens her eyes and smiles. “What? How?”
“Please don’t freak out.”
“I’m not freaking out.”
“Good.” She puts her hand on his shoulder. “Anakin?”
“What?” He grips her lightsabers tightly.
“I want to help you but we have to be smart, Obi-Wan still thinks you’re evil.”
“I know Snips.” He puts his hand on her knee. “Ahsoka.”
“It was a clone, one that Dooku and Bane made. I made a deal with her.”
“Very smart my young Padawan.” He pulls the Holodisk out of his pocket. “this might persuade them that I am back to normal.”
“What is it?”
“The clone you sent recorded what happened.”
“She did?” Ahsoka takes it off him and stands up. “I’ll take this and see if I can persuade the counsel that you are back to normal. Stay here and don’t make any noise.”
“Me, make noise? Come on Ahsoka.” She sighs.
“Just lay low.” Obi-Wan knocks on her door.
“Ahsoka are you ready? We don’t want to keep the counsel waiting.”
“I know I just have to grab a few things.” She looks around. “Anakin lightsabers.” She whispers to him. He passes them over to her. “Ok, I’m ready!” Ahsoka and Obi-Wan head for the communication centre.

Ahsoka looks at Master Yoda. “Wary we must be.”
“But Master I have proof he’s back to normal.”
“Young you are Padawan, clouded your vision is.”
“Master Yoda please.”
“He’s right Ahsoka. If Anakin wasn’t your master or friend, what would you do?” Obi-Wan looks at her, knowing her answer before she even opens her mouth. “I…I would put him in the citadel.” She lowers her head. “But this is different. Watch.” She inserts the Holodisk and plays the recording. “See he wouldn’t, couldn’t kill her.”
“That proves nothing.”
“But I know he’s alright.”
“And how do you know that Tano?”
“I don’t, I just sense it.” She lowers her head again and shuffles her feet.
“We’ll discuss this with the Chancellor and contact you.” Mace and Yoda fizzle out. Obi-Wan turns to Ahsoka. “You are just as hard headed as Anakin, you have to underst…”
“I know he’s fine because he’s in my...!”
“In you what Ahsoka?!”
“Quarters.” Obi-Wan sighs and crosses his arms.
“Ahsoka what part of ‘he’s dangerous’ did you not understand?!”
“I didn’t think my plan would work so I didn’t want to tell you.”
“What plan?” Obi-wan slaps his hand down on the table. Ahsoka ignores his question.
“I trust him and just because you don’t doesn’t mean he’s different!” she storms off out of the room. Obi-Wan stands in the door way gob smacked. “Just like Anakin.” He turns around and heads for Padme’s office.

When Ahsoka gets to her quarters she calms herself before entering. She opens the door and walks in. “Anakin are you still in here?” She turns the light on and walks round the corner to find Anakin unconscious in the middle of the floor. “Anakin!” she kneels next to him and puts her hand on his shoulder. “Game set match Tano.” Dooku steps out of the shadows. “What did you do to him Dooku?” Ahsoka stands up. “What did you do?!”
“He was corrupt, I had to.” Dooku smirks and walks round Anakin towards her.
“No, you didn’t, you wouldn’t dare!”
“I’ll kill you as well if needs must.” She watches him as he steps closer.
“I’d like to see you try, you’ve failed so many times.” He pins her to the wall, she wraps her hands around his wrist. “You won’t win count.” She gasps and he lets her go, she drops to the floor. “I already have Tano.” Ahsoka tries to stand but he knees her in the gut. She lies helplessly as Dooku leaves with her and Anakin’s lightsabers. Meanwhile in Padme’s office, Obi-Wan looks out of the window. “I just don’t know what to do with her Padme.”
“She’s just like Anakin, you just need to sit her down and talk to her. I’ll come with you.”
“She just doesn’t want to admit that Yoda is right.” Padme stands up and starts to walk over to the door, Obi-Wan follows. “Maybe he’s not.”
“What?”
“Think about it Obi-Wan, after all of his training and all of his missions, do you really believe Anakin could turn?”
“I suppose not.” Obi wan sighs. “Yes, ok. They walk through to corridors to Ahsoka’s chambers. Obi-Wan knocks on the door. “Ahsoka, we need to talk. Open the door.” When there is no reply he and Padme enter. Padme enters first and walks round the corner. “Obi-Wan!” Padme kneels in between Ahsoka and Anakin. “It looks like Dooku got here first.” She checks for a pulse and sighs. “They’re still alive.”
“Right, good. I’ll get Rex and Cody to take them both to the hospital.” Padme nods and touches Ahsoka’s hand. “Ahsoka was right.”
“I still don’t believe it.”
“Well I do.” She turns her attention to Anakin, she rolls him over and gasps. “Obi-Wan, they’re lightsabers are missing.” Obi-Wan turns round and squats next to them.
“What? Then Ahsoka had to be right about Anakin, you go and get Rex and Cody. I need to inform Master Yoda of this immediately. He has to know of this!”
“Alright.” They split up, Padme heads for the sentry post while Obi-Wan heads for the communications tower. “Rex! Cody!” She runs over to them. They both salute her.
“Yes senator?”
“There’s been some development in General Skywalker’s case. We found him and Ahsoka both unconscious in Ahsoka’s quarters, we need to take them to the hospital Obi-Wan...urm…General Kenobi insisted I got you two.”
“Right Senator lead the way.” Padme leads them to both and two other clones to Ahsoka’s quarters and the pair are transferred to the hospital.

When Ahsoka wakes up, Padme is sat in between her and Anakin, with her back to her. “Padme?” Ahsoka sits herself up and Padme turns around to face her.
“Ahsoka, what happened?”
“To Anakin?”
“Yes.” She stands up and steps closer to Ahsoka’s bed.
“I don’t know, he was already unconscious when I entered the room.”
“We don’t know what happened either, Obi-Wan suspects Sith lightning.” Padme sits on the edge of the bed. “Did you see Dooku? Did he take your lightsabers?”
“Yes, I know he did.” Rex walks up to them.
“Senator, General Kenobi wants to speak with you.”
“Alright.” She turns to Ahsoka and pats her leg. “I’ll see you later.”
“Yep.” Rex and Padme leave the hospital. Ahsoka watches them leave, she pushes the sheets down to the bottom of the bed and stands up. “Dooku won’t have them for long though.” She Sneaks out of the hospital and heads for the woods. A few minutes later Padme and Obi-Wan return to the hospital. “Ahsoka is awake now but Anakin is still unresponsive.” Padme turns the corner to enter the ward and stops. “Obi-Wan, she’s gone.” Padme walks over to Ahsoka’s empty bed.
“What do you mean she’s gone?”
“She’s not here.”
“Where could she have gone?”
“She’s gone after Dooku, I might have mentioned their lightsabers.”
“Padme! Never mind. We have to find her before she gets herself into trouble.”
“Ok. What about Anakin?” Padme looks at him. “I’m glad he’s not awake.”
“So am I, I’ll go after Ahsoka, you stay here with Anakin.” Obi-Wan leaves the hospital and Padme sits with Anakin.”

Ahsoka walks down a track towards Dooku’s outpost. A droid patrol marches towards her. She looks around for somewhere to hide, she spots a small river and jumps in. she holds her breath for as long as she can hoping the droids will pass her by. When she comes back up she is surrounded by droids. Ahsoka holds her hands up. “Great!” Grievous steps forward. “Tano.”
“Hello there.”
“Out of the water.” She rolls her eyes and climbs out. Grievous binds her hands and take her to Dooku. “Ahh, Tano I was wondering how long it would take you.”
“Well I wouldn’t want to disappoint you Count.”
“Oh don’t worry young one, you never do.” Dooku stands up and walks over to her. “Where’s Skywalker?”
“In the hospital.” She glares at him and pulls against the two commando-droids. “Because of you!”
“Calm down Tano!”
“Where are our Lightsabers Dooku!?”
“Safe.” He turns to Grievous. “Take her to holding we’ll wait for Skywalker, he’ll come for his Padawan.” He grabs her chin and lifts her head up. “He always dose and that is why he is weak!” Ahsoka pulls away.
“He’s not weak you are!” She force pushes the droids away and makes a break for it. Dooku shocks her, she  drops to the floor and the two commando-droids grab her arms. “Take her away!”
“Rodger, Rodger.” The droids drag her out of the room.

In the hospital Anakin wakes up cuffed to the bed, Padme looks at him with worried eyes. “Ani?”
“Padme.” He tugs at the cuffs.
“Ani she went after him.”
“Who?”
“Dooku, Ahsoka went after him.”
“What?” He pulls at the cuffs and they break. “I have to get to her before he finds her.”
“I know Anakin but Obi-Wan already sent a patrol out and they couldn’t find her.”
“That means Dooku already has her.”
“Do you think so?”
“Yeah I do.” He kisses her cheek and runs out of the hospital. He grabs a speeder bike and goes after Ahsoka. In Dooku’s outpost, Ahsoka bangs on the cell door. “Dooku let me out of here!”
“It won’t work.” Ahsoka turns round shocked to hear her own voice.
“Who’s there?” A clone of her, dressed in white, steps forward from the shadows. “How many of me did he make?”
“I’m his new plan to turn Skywalker.”
“Oh yeah and what plan is that?”
“He’s going to stab me in front of him, make your dear Master think you are dead and then offer  him a second chance to save your life.”
“And you’re happy with dying?”
“It’s what I was born to do.” Ahsoka looks at the clone and smirks.
“He’ll know it’s not me.”
“No he won’t.”
“What do you mean?” Dooku opens the door and points to Ahsoka.
“Tano come with me.”
“How do you know I’m not the clone?”
“You have a scar on your face.”
“What?” Two Commando-droids grab her arms. “I know your plan Dooku, it won’t work.”
“I think it will. Take her next door.” The droids drag her out of the call and throw her into the next. She hits the floor hard. Dooku stands in the door way. “He’ll be able to sense your presence and believe the clone is you. That is why this will work.” The door closes and Ahsoka is left in the dark alone. Outside Anakin runs through the trees towards the outpost. “I hope I’m not too late.” When he reaches the entrance the gates open for him. “What the..?” Dooku walks out and stands in front of him.
“Skywalker you’re just in time.
“What for?”
“Follow me.” Dooku turns and walks away, Anakin follows him inside. Dooku leads Anakin to the clone. He looks at Anakin and opens the door to reveal the clone tied up and gagged in the middle of the floor. “Ahsoka!” Anakin runs over to her, Dooku follows him into the room. “So Skywalker I have a question for you. Which do you care for more the war ending or your Padawan?” 
“What?!” Anakin stands up and looks at Dooku. Dooku smiles and ignites Ahsoka’s lightsabers. “Well?” He stabs the clone through the chest with both blades and steps back. “No! Dooku why the..?!” Dooku shrugs and turns to walk away.
“Ok Skywalker I’ll give you a second chance to decide. You can save Tano’s life or end the war.”
“And how are you going to do that? You just killed her.” Meanwhile in the room next door a medical droid injects a poison into Ahsoka’s arm. “Hey.” She struggles against the restraints. The door opens and Dooku enters followed by Anakin. She looks up but her vision is blurred. Anakin runs over to her. “Snips?” He puts his hand on her cheek. “Anakin? No get out of here.”
“Why?”
“He’s tricking you Anakin. He poisoned me, he has the only…” He voice trails away as she passes out, she hangs from the restraints. Anakin pats her face trying desperately to wake her. “What did you do Dooku?”
“Well she pretty much covered it.” Anakin looks down and clenches his fists.
“You have the anti-dote don’t you?”
“Yes and if you want to save her life you have to give me something in return.”
“What? Anything just name it.” Anakin stands in between Ahsoka and Dooku.
“Senator Amidala.”
“Never going to happen.”
“Then you will watch her die again.” He stabs Ahsoka with her own Lightsaber and throws all three at Anakin. “Stabbed with her own weapon how embarrassing. Now you have two fatal injuries to contend with, looks like you’ll have to make a tough decision after all.” Dooku and the droids leave the cell. Anakin cuts Ahsoka down and lies her down on the floor. He puts his hand over the wound on her stomach and concentrates. The wound starts to heal and Anakin falls back on his heels. He rights himself and picks her up. “Hold on Ahsoka.” Dooku lets them leave and Anakin takes Ahsoka back to Theide for medical treatment.

In the Communications Tower Anakin stands with his arms crossed waiting for the doctors to take Ahsoka out of the Bacta-tank. Master Yoda walks over to him. “To have you back Skywalker good it is.”
“I know it’s good to be back Master. I know now how dangerous Dooku can be.”
“Yes.” Anakin glances at the door, Yoda sees him and smiles. “Agitated you are young Skywalker.”
“Yes Master Yoda I…”
“Worried you are for young Tano, yes?”
“Yes Master Yoda, I am we have become close.”
“Then go you must.”
“What?” 
“By her side you must be.”
“Are you sure?” Yoda nods at him. “Thank you Master Yoda!” Anakin runs out of the Com-Tower and heads for the hospital. Padme holds Ahsoka’s hand and squeezes. “Come on Ahsoka, he needs you more than anyone.” Ahsoka’s fingers twitch, Padme smiles at her. “Ahsoka?” She opens her eyes as Anakin opens the door. She smiles at Padme. “Where’s...?”
“I’m here Ahsoka.” She looks over to him and smiles. She bows her head.
“Thank you Master.”
“Oh, it was nothing Snips.”
“If saving my life again is nothing, what’s something?”
“Ok, calm down now, you’ve only just woken up. You need to rest.”
“Have you spoken to Master Yoda?”
“Yes I have.”
“And?”
“And he believes I’m back to normal.”
“Great!” She tried to sit up but has to lay straight back down.
“Be careful Snips.”
“How long will I be out of action?”
“Quite a while yet so get used to it.” Anakin puts his hand on her shoulder.
“Where are...?”
“Your lightsabers are right here, ok?” He hands them over to her, she holds them close to her chest. “Yeah, ok.”
“Now…”
“Get some rest, I know, I know.” Padme and Anakin leave the hospital and Ahsoka falls asleep quickly. A few hours later Anakin, Rex and Obi-Wan are arguing over a battle plan. The door opens and they all look to the door way expecting Cody, Ahsoka steps into the room, her left arm wrapped around her waist. “Ahsoka I told you to rest.” Anakin helps her to sit on the steps. “I couldn’t stand just lying there and doing nothing. I want to help.” 
“Ok you can help by going back to the hospital to recover.”
“But…”
“Go!” She sighs and stands up to leave. Obi-Wan looks at the Holo-map then to Ahsoka. “Wait, there might be something you can do Ahsoka.”
“What?” She walks over to the Holo-map. “I’ll do anything.”
“No.” Anakin stands in front of her, blocking her view. “Ahsoka you are not involved in this mission!”
“Why not?”
“Because…Because I said so!”
“Oh stop it Anakin!” Ahsoka turns to Obi-Wan. “I’m ready and willing Master Kenobi. What do I have to do?” She smiles at him, Anakin glares at her. “What?”
“You know what.”
“Oh come on Anakin lay off it, admit it you would do the same.”
“Well…”
“Exactly! Right now what’s the plan?” Obi-Wan briefs Ahsoka while Anakin sulks in the corner. After the meeting Ahsoka heads out alone to carry out the first part of Obi-Wan’s plan. “I hope Dooku takes the bait.” She stops just behind the tree line outside Dooku’s outpost. “Well there’s no major activity, I’m going in.”  She takes her com-link off and breaks cover. Ahsoka walks down the path towards the outpost. A mechanical hand grabs her round the throat from behind. “Grievous!”
“Trespassing Tano?”
“Not exactly.” He tightens his grip and Ahsoka passes out. He takes her lightsabers and com-link. Grievous throws them on the ground and takes Ahsoka inside.

Anakin paces up and down the corridor outside the Com-tower. “This can’t be good.” Obi-Wan comes out of the communications room. “Anakin.”
“Anything yet?”
“No, nothing yet.”
“Something must have happened. We should have heard from her by now.”
“I know Anakin but we can’t go through with the plan without her Intel’.”
“Screw the plan!”
“Anakin!”
“Look, I’m going down there. She’s injured already and I didn’t want her to go in the first place. I have to do this whether you like it or not!” He runs out of the tower and gets a speeder out of the city. Meanwhile Ahsoka struggles to get away from Dooku. “What’s the matter Tano scared?”
“Bite me!” Dooku wraps his hand around her throat.
“I’ll leave that to the Gundarks.”
“What?”
“Now you have reason to be scared my dear.”
“Get off me!” She pulls away, he smirks and turns to the droids.
“Start the engines we need to reach Shili before Skywalker gets here.”
“Rodger, Rodger.” The battle droids set off, Anakin arrives just as they leave the atmosphere. “Ahsoka! Dooku! I swear I will get you for this!” He turns round and heads back to Theide, grabbing her lightsabers as he passes. On Dooku’s ship Ahsoka is left is a dark room. “Hey! Dooku! What are you going to do with me!?” She bangs on the door control panel. “Hey! Answer me you invertebrate!” The door opens and she falls back onto the floor. “If I were you Tano I would pipe down before I lose my temper!”
“Answer the question Dooku!”
“I think you already know the answer.” He walks out of the room.
“Hey get back here! Don’t turn your back on me Dooku!” the door closes behind him. “Hey!” Ahsoka kicks the door.

Anakin’s fighter flies towards Dooku’s ship. “Stand by R2. Hold on Ahsoka I’m coming.” He races towards the left hanger. To his surprise the doors and shields are down, when he lands he is lead to Dooku on the bridge. “Skywalker.”
“Where is she Dooku?!”
“Who?”
“Ahsoka! Where is she?”
“Oh you’ll find out soon enough.” Dooku turns to the battle droids. “Take us down to the planet and ready the prisoner.”
“Rodger, Rodger!” The ship turns and heads towards Shili. When they get to the planet surface two super battle droids drag Ahsoka off the ship. Anakin and Dooku follow. “Let her go.”
“Alright.” The droids stop at a hole in the ground, Dooku gestures to them to drop Ahsoka. She plummets down the shaft but manages to catch herself before hitting the floor. “Ahsoka!” Anakin pears over the edge at her.
“I’m alright!” She hears a growl from behind one of the doors. “What was that? Anakin?”
“Dooku! Get her up from there!”
“I’m going to let my pets have a little fun with her first.”
“What pets?” Down in the pit the three doors open, Dooku laughs. “Let’s see how well trained she is shall we?” Anakin watches helplessly as three Gundarks attack Ahsoka. “Ahsoka!” She looks up at him, he drops her lightsabers down the shaft. She manages to fight two of them off but the third grabs her from behind. She drops her sabers and the Gundark locks it’s jaw. It’s teeth puncture her skin and the force of its jaw dislocates her shoulder. Ahsoka cries out in pain, Dooku waves his hand and a team of Magna-guards fight the remaining Gundark back. Anakin looks down the shaft at Ahsoka lying motionless at the bottom. “Ahsoka!” She pushes her arm against the floor to pop her shoulder back into the socket, blood runs down her arm. “Dooku bring her up from there now!”
“Alright Skywalker.” He turns to a droid standing next to a control panel. “Bring the floor up.” The floor rises and Anakin runs over to Ahsoka.
“Snips are you…?” She looks up and him and smiles.
“Ow.” He laughs and helps her to her feet.
“Well Skywalker?”
“Well what?”
“Will you save her life or this planet?”
“What?”
“You have one rotation to evacuate this planet before it explodes but while you’re doing that you better keep an eye on your Padawan, that Gundark bite might not look lethal but it is.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“The bacteria in its saliva can be lethal.” Ahsoka grabs Anakin’s arm.
“Anakin evacuate the planet, forget about me.”
“No Ahsoka.”
“I’ll be fine Anakin.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“Ok.” Anakin runs off to find the nearest village. Ahsoka tries to walk away but Dooku pushes her down, he stands on her injured shoulder. “Do you want to live Tano?”
“What? Of course I do!”
“I can help you.”
“How?”
“I will heal you and let you go.”
“What’s the catch?” Dooku smiles and leans down.
“You have to give me the plans for the Jedi temple on Coruscant.”
“Why?”
“You’ll find out later.”
“Alright.” They shake hands and Dooku keeps his word. Ahsoka gives him the plans for the temple and he gives her a com-link so she can call for help. He leaves her behind in the middle of nowhere. Rex finds her a few hours later and she waits for Anakin on the cruiser. Ahsoka goes to her quarters and rests.

When Ahsoka wakes, Anakin is sat at her bed side glaring at her. “Why did he let you go?”
“nice to see you too Anakin.”
“Why Ahsoka?!”
“I don’t know he just did.”
“I know you know Ahsoka, I’m not stupid tell me the truth!”
“I know you’re not stupid.” She sits up. “was he lying about the detonator?”
“No Snips, but he only destroyed one town. I’m sorry.”
“Did you evacuate it?”
“Ahsoka we urm…we only managed to evacuate half of the population.”
“Oh.” She looks down and fiddles with the clips on her boots.
“I do have some good news for you.”
“Yeah, what?” He walks out and comes back in with a Togruta boy. “Tarren?”
“Ahsoka how are you feeling?”
“I’m alright, how are you?” she smiles at him.
“I’m alright, General Skywalker saved me from the village.”
“Good.”
“He told me about Sarabi.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” She lowers her head.
“Don’t worry. Captain Rex said he’s going to train me to be soldier like him.”
“Great.”
“Ahsoka, sorry to interrupt but Obi-Wan thinks we should return to the temple.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know he didn’t say but he was adamant that we returned.”
“Alright.” She gets out of bed and stretches. They leave for the Jedi temple, Padme joins them half way and when they get there they find out why Obi-Wan and the counsel wanted them to return. The following weeks would lead to an attack and betrayal. Barris Offee  would frame her former friend and ally with murder and Anakin would clear his Padawan’s name but with the trust gone Ahsoka refused to return. It would lead to Ahsoka leaving the Jedi order for good and Anakin turning to the dark side to join Darth Sidious as a Sith lord. Dooku would be killed along with most of the Jedi. Some clones would carry on fighting for the empire, others would be executed while a select few would remove their inhibitor chips and live normal-ish lives. The rebellion would grow and the story continues.

BONUS CHAPTERS:
Chapter 1.
What if Ahsoka had returned to the Jedi Order?


Anakin, along with Obi-Wan, Plo Koon, Mace Windu, Ki-Adi-Mundi, Saesee Tiin and Yoda meet with Ahsoka to give her their apologies for accusing her and commend her for the great strength she showed in her efforts to prove her innocence. Yoda and Anakin invite her to return to the Order, she accepts and becomes a Jedi knight. Shortly after she is sent on her very first mission on her own as a Jedi knight. She is to intercept Count Dooku’s droid army as they make attempts to destroy different medical stations scattered around the galaxy. It doesn’t take long for her fleet to find Dooku and they engage in a fierce battle. Dooku boards Ahsoka’s destroyer, his droid arm slaughter everyone on board apart from the Jedi General. Dooku enters the bridge, Two Magna-guards hold Ahsoka in front of him. “Commander Tano. How nice to see you, where’s Skywalker?”
“It’s General Tano to you Dooku and I don’t know where he is I’m not his Padawan anymore.”
“Excellent this will be very easy.”
“What will?” He steps closer to her and leans into her face.
“Destroying the Temple and your reputation with it!” He waves his hand and returns to his ship. The Droids file off the destroyer and leave it dead in space. Dooku leaves a clone of Ahsoka on the ship and jumps into hyper space. Just after he leaves Anakin enters the system responding to the distress signal. He takes the clone back to Coruscant believing her to be his Padawan.

Ahsoka and Anakin walk down the hall way of the senate building. “Anakin has Padme told you she’s going back to Naboo for a few days.”
“No.”
“Yeah, she has a few meetings and a parade to attend so I have my second mission as a Jedi Knight, I am to be her extra security.”
“Lucky you. There’s something wrong with the Temple generators so guess who has to run diagnostics and fix it?” He points to himself.
“Well, why don’t we swap jobs, I’ll fix the generator and you go with Padme. I’m sure she’ll be ok with that.”
“That’s actually a good idea Snips.”
“I know.” She smiles and leaves Anakin outside Padme’s office. “I’ll see you when you come back, my old master.” She bows as she walks away.
“Ok and less of the old!” He enters Padme’s office. “Padme.”
“Oh, Anakin, I was expecting Ahsoka.”
“I know but she swapped jobs with me.”
“And the counsel allowed that?” He shrugs and smiles. Padme walks around her desk and stands in front of him. “Oh Anakin, one day you will be in a lot of trouble.”
“Shh, stop talking.” He leans down and kisses her. In the space above Coruscant Dooku’s ship waits, inside Ahsoka is bound to a cell wall. The door opens and Dooku steps inside. “My plan is working Tano.”
“You won’t trick him Dooku, he’ll know it’s not me.”
“Oh, he’s falling for it. Shortly he will believe that you are dead.”
“Anakin won’t fall for any more of your tricks, you’ve tried this too many times Dooku!” Dooku walks over to her and lifts her head up. “You’ve lost Tano!” He turns and leaves the room.

Back on the planet’s surface, there’s a huge explosion that rocks the city. The power goes out on the upper levels. Padme holds onto Anakin as the senate building shakes. “Ahsoka!” Anakin frantically tried to contact her. “Ahsoka, come in. Snips?!” She doesn’t answer. “I’ve got to get down there, stay here.”
“Anakin wait it could be dangerous!” He kisses her cheek and runs out of the office as he makes his way towards the temple. Smoke plumes out from the main hanger doors. He stops on the platform outside and tries to open the doors. “Ahsoka! Can anyone hear me?!” He tries to open the doors but the control panel is fried from the inside. The main doors are blown out and there’s a gaping hole in the floor leading to the Generator room. Anakin cuts his way through the bulbous door and runs round trying to find any survivors. “Snips!” At the other end of the hanger Rex and Cody are seeing to wounded troops. “Rex!” He looks at Anakin as he runs over to them, skirting round the massive hole. “Have you seen Ahsoka?”
“No sir, she was below in the Generator room, we haven’t been down there yet.” Rex walks away from Cody. “There is no way that she survived that blast, Sir.” Anakin puts his hand on Rex’s shoulder. “You know her better than that Rex.” He turns and jumps down into the Generator room. “Ahsoka can you hear me?” He climbs over the Debris, Rex, Cody and Obi-Wan follow him down. Anakin spots Ahsoka’s boot sticking out from under sheets of metal. “Hold on Ahsoka!” He pushes the metal away and pulls her free. “Ahsoka!?” She blinks and looks up at him.
“At least…it…wasn’t you.” She smiles weakly and winces. 
“No, Ahsoka, please. Snips.”
“I’m sorry.” Her body relaxes as she passes away in his arms.
“Ahsoka, Wake up! Please!” He shakes her and gulps. “I’m sorry Snips.” A recon-droid zooms away over head as Anakin stands up and walks over to Obi-Wan, Rex and Cody. “Anakin, is Ahsoka..?” Obi-Wan steps towards him, Anakin shakes his head and goes up to the Counsel room. Anakin stands in front of the Jedi Counsel, his robes covered in Ahsoka’s blood. “Skywalker, what happened, are you alright?” Mace stands up and Yoda looks up at Anakin. “I’m fine Master Windu but there was an explosion in the generator room and…” He bites his lip to stop himself crying. “And Ahsoka Tano was killed.” Mace sits and rubs his chin.
“That must have been tough for you to lose your Padawan.”
“This is war Master, people die every day.”
“We are deeply saddened by this loss.” Anakin turns to Plo-Koon.
“Master Plo, I’m sorry…I tried…”
“It is alright Skywalker.” Anakin nods, bows and leaves the room.

Up on Dooku’s ship Ahsoka watches the hologram of the clone dying in Anakin’s arms. “He fell for it Tano, he thinks you’re dead!”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Join me.”
“Never!” Dooku grabs her chin and pulls her head up, he points to the frozen hologram. “He doesn’t need you anymore! You are dead to him! He is not coming to get you this time!”
“I would rather die than join you!”
“As you wish.” He wraps his hand round her throat. “But what a waste of your talents.”
“I am not…going…to…join…you…so forget it!” She pulls away, Dooku turns to the droids. “Make sure, she’s secure, Skywalker might pay a pretty price for his Padawan.”
“I’m not his Padawan anymore!”
“Maybe not, but he still cares for you.” He walks away and goes to the bridge, he watches Anakin's fighter air towards his ship. “Sir should we fire?”
“No.”
“Did you just say no?”
“Mm, hmm.”
“Ok.” Anakin lands in the main hanger and storms his way, unopposed, to the bridge. Dooku turns slowly and looks at him. “Skywalker, how is you Padawan?”
“You know the answer to that!”
“Ah, yes she’s dead isn’t she?”
“This is your doing isn’t it?!” Dooku laughs and sits down.  Two magna guards stand at his side. “What do you think Skywalker.” At that moment Ahsoka bursts through the doors onto the bridge. “Anakin!” He spins on his heels and looks at her, shock fills his face. He drops to his knees in front of her. “Ahsoka?” She steps forward and puts her hand on his shoulder. “Yes, it’s me Anakin, I’m not dead, he just told you that to try and get me to join him.” She looks up at Dooku who is just as shocked as Anakin to see her on the bridge. He stands up. “How did you escape?”
“Droids don’t have brains.” She smiles and helps Anakin to his feet.
“Answer the question Tano!”
“The droids let me out.”
“Ahsoka are you..?”
“Yes I’m fine Anakin.” The tactical droid throws a dagger at her, it penetrates her abdomen but misses all major organs.  Her knees buckle but Anakin holds her up. “You were saying Jedi?” He starts to laugh but Dooku stops him.
“You better take her out of here before I change my mind.”  Anakin scoops Ahsoka up into his arms. “You’ll be ok.”
“I can walk.”
“And I can carry you.”
“You are so…” She winces as the lift jolts. “Stubborn.”
“Yes I am but not as stubborn as you.”
“Where do you think I get it from?” He carries her in the hanger and sits on the wing of his fighter. “One man fighter Anakin.”
“I know, I know what I’m doing.” He pushes the seat as far back as it will go, he stands in the cockpit and reaches out to her. “I hope you do.” R2 beeps at her, she smiles. “I’m fine buddy.” Anakin pulls her to her feet and sits her in between his legs. “This won’t work.”
“Yes it will, no be quiet I’m trying to fly.” She sighs and looks at her hand, blood seeps through her fingers. “Fly faster, I think I’m going to bl….” She passes out, her head rests on Anakin’s arm as he heads back to the Jedi temple. Anakin lands on the east landing platform, Obi-Wan meets him there, he walks over to his fighter. “Anakin, the counsel have arranged…” Anakin turns round holding Ahsoka.
“This is Ahsoka.”
“So the…”
“A clone, we have to get her to infirmary now.”
“Are you sure she is Ahsoka?”
“Oh, yes, definitely.”
“And may I ask how do you know?”
“She was arguing with me the whole way back until she passed out.”
“Ok, I believe you. We’ll have to inform the counsel.”
“You inform the Counsel, I need to stay with her.”
“Alright, well I’ll see you later.” Obi-Wan  walks back to the temple and Anakin takes Ahsoka to the infirmary.

A day later Anakin slowly walks over to Ahsoka’s bed side. “Snips?” He bites his lip and leans closer. “Ahsoka?” She opens her eyes and looks up at him, she tries to sit up. She grabs her stomach and winces. Anakin watches her and hesitates. “Are…are you ok?”
“I am now.” She smiles at him, he smiles back and nods.
“Good to hear.” She puts her hand on his.
“What’s troubling you?”
“Hmm, Oh nothing.”
“Anakin you can tell me.”
“No, no you have too much to worry about already without worrying about me as well.” He pats her shoulder and she smiles at him. “Ok but if you change your mind and need someone to talk to, I’m right here.”
“I know Snips, now tomorrow you are coming out of here and into the temple.”
“Ok.”
“Good, now…”
“Get some rest, yeah, yeah I know and yes you are that predictable.” She laughs, Anakin stand and walks away. “See you tomorrow.”

The following morning Anakin takes Ahsoka back to the temple. Dooku watches them from an alley way. “Right now Ahsoka, Master Yoda wants to see that you are in one piece. So this afternoon we’re going to the Senate building for a meeting with Chancellor Palpatine, Master Yoda and before you ask, Obi-Wan and Padme will be there.” She looks up and him and Smiles. “What?”
“Wow, you said all that with just one breath.”
“Ha, ha very funny Snips.” She looks down at her hands and puts them onto her empty belt. “So basically they don’t believe I’m me?”
“Exactly, so we just need to show them you are.”
“How? How are we going to prove it?”
“I don’t know exactly but we will.”
“But how Anakin, we need a plan.” They walk down the corridor in silence for a few moments before Anakin stops and smiles. “I think I’ve got it.”
“Got what?”
“How we can persuade the Counsel and Chancellor.”
“Yeah?”
Yeah, all we have to do is make sure Obi-Wan is in the room.”
“Which he will be and how does that help?”
“Well only us three know exactly what happened on mortis, I mean everything.” Ahsoka shudders and nods. “We just tell them what really happened. All of it.”
“It could work, no-one else knows about what the son did.” They carry on walking down the corridor. “All you have to do Snips is tell them what happened and Obi-Wan and I will corroborate your story.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m more than sure.”
“Ok, it’s worth a try.” They head over to the Senate building, in the Chancellor’s office Ahsoka stands with her arms by her sides. “My dear following your tale of Mortis and thanks to Master Kenobi and Skywalker’s testimonies the counsel and I have decided that you are indeed Ahsoka Tano.” Palpatine smiles at her and she relaxes a little.
“Thank you sir.” Her face lights up and she turns to her friends at the other side of the room, her face drops as she sees the worry in Anakin’s eyes. The chancellor leans over his desk. “But we have also decided that the best thing to do in this situation is to take you out of the field and station you at the Jedi Temple here on Coruscant for the remainder of this war.”
“What?!” Anakin grabs her arm but she pulls away. “You can’t do that I am a key asset to the Republic’s defences!”
“Ahsoka calm down!” Anakin pulls her back. “Come on.” He takes her out of the room.
“They can’t do that!”
“Yes they can. Calm down.” Anakin puts his hands on her shoulders. “I’ll talk to them, see if I can shorten the time.”
“Fine.”
“Go back to the temple.” Anakin walks back into the office and Obi-Wan escorts Ahsoka back to the temple. She storms off towards her quarters.

That night bounty hunters infiltrate the temple and crack open a Geonosian egg next to Ahsoka’s head while she sleeps. The worm enters through her nose and quickly takes over her mind. The two bounty hunters take her down to the detention level and to Barriss’ cell. Ahsoka enters and a few moments later comes out covered in blood. “Good work little Jedi.” They take her out of the temple and dump her in an alley way away from the temple. The air temperature plummets and the worm dies. The temple goes on red alert. Anakin opens Ahsoka’s door but she isn’t there. He sneaks past security and goes out to find her. He walks down all the back alleys and it doesn’t take him long to find her, unconscious and covered in blood behind a dumpster. “Ahsoka!” He picks her up and carries her back to the Temple. He takes her to her quarters and cleans her up. Obi-Wan walks into the room as he lays her on the bed. “Good you found her. We have some bad news.”
“What?”
“Anakin I don’t want to believe she would do something like this but…”
“What are you talking about?”
“Anakin, Barriss has been murdered.”
“So, what has that got to do with Ahsoka?”
“I’m sorry but we have footage of her leaving Barriss’ cell.”
“So?”
“Anakin, she killed Barriss.”
“No she didn’t!”
“Look at the facts, she goes into Barriss’ cell, comes out covered in blood and then you find her fifty clicks away from the Temple in an alley!”
“She’s unconscious!”
“She did Anakin and you know it!” He leaves the room and Anakin looks at Ahsoka.
“Oh Snips.” When Ahsoka wakes Anakin glares at her.
“What?”
“Barriss is dead.”
“What? How?”
“You should know.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Here.” He throws her a tablet, she watches the footage and looks at him.
“When did this happen?”
“Last night.”
“Well I can’t remember anything.”
“You’re in a lot of trouble Ahsoka so you better have a good explanation.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know.”
“How…”
“Lightsaber.”
“Oh, wait Yoda has my Lightsabers.”
“You’re in a Jedi Temple, there are lightsabers everywhere.”
“Have you thought it might have been a changeling or a clone?”
“Yes of course I have Snips but when I found you, you were covered in blood.”
“Who’s?”
“Barriss.’”
“So I did kill her?”
“You tell me.” Obi-Wan walks into the room but neither of them turn round.
“Ok, I killed her are you happy now?!”
“Ahsoka!”
“What you don’t trust me enough to know I didn’t do it!” Obi-Wan clears his throat. Anakin turns around and Ahsoka crosses her arms.  “Are you ready Ahsoka?”
“Yep.” She stands and elbows Anakin out of the way.

They stand in front of the Counsel. “Ahsoka Tano.”
“Yes.”
“You have been accused of murdering a fellow Jedi.” Mace’s face is serious. “Do you deny this?”
“No.”
“When the incident occurred where you aware of your actions.” Anakin glances at Ahsoka. “Yes, I was.”
“And did you wilfully kill Barriss Offee?”
“Yes.”
“Right, the Counsel will now decide your fate.” The Counsel leave the room and Anakin turns to Ahsoka. “What are you doing?!”
“What’s right.”
“What?!”
“I killed her Anakin and I have to pay for that.” 
“Great! Well now we wait.” They stand and wait for the Counsel to return but they don’t have to wait long. “Ahsoka Tano, the Jedi Counsel find you….”

