STAR WARS
Artoo Detoo: Droid of a Kind (Volume 1)

Mark A.J. Cristobal

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Mark A.J. Cristobal

Acknowledgements

To the Aunt Berus of my life, Luisa G. Cristobal (1927-2003) and Narcissa G. Cristobal (1930-2011) who took it upon them to care for me and help their youngest brother, my father, Cipriano, to raise me after my mother left us before I even turned one.
To Arthur M. Gerna, Jr. who introduced me to the Expanded Universe of Star Wars by letting me borrow and read his book collection. To Frederick V. Caspe, who allowed me to share my passion for reading with him and are now collaborating with me for a new Star Wars trilogy fan-fiction project.
To my Star Wars community friends from Facebook particularly from my friends from the Ossus and Enclave groups who opened a vast world of Star Wars fan networks through their respective Star Wars Facebook Pages. To Jimmy and Lenka who first saw my potential, to Jen who took me further, to Dwayne and fellow author David Gremillion (Author of fan-fiction Star Wars Awakening) for helping me out in many ways regarding my writing and page administering, to Yvonne, Vinny, Dan and tons of others for their relentless support and assistance on managing my pages. To my new friends from the Geek group, you know who you are. To everyone who has supported my three novel’s pre-released chapters since day one. Much of this hard work I took inspiration from all of you.
To Kevin J. Anderson, Timothy Zahn, Alan Dean Foster and the rest of the Star Wars Expanded Universe authors for providing us, fans and aspiring writers, inspirations and writing techniques and for making this wonderful literary masterpiece space opera called Star Wars grow.
And of course, to the Maker himself, Mr. George Lucas, for creating this iconic piece of work that has become part of film, cultural and even social history, thank you sir for creating Star Wars.
Artoo Detoo: Droid of a Kind (Volume 1) is just the beginning of a number of my Star Wars fan-fiction novels. I hope to see you all throughout this journey and of course…
May the Force be with us all, always!

Preface

In the late 1980s a young kid from the Philippines first saw the classic Star Wars films, one each Sunday night on local television. The memories were vague but three particular scenes have gotten stuck in his young mind.
The first was Luke Skywalker swinging from one ledge to another as he carries Princess Leia Organa inside the Deathstar, second was Han Solo being frozen in carbonite as Leia says “I love you” with him answering “I know.”, and the last was Luke Skywalker standing on a plank of a sailbarge in the middle of the Dune Sea with the mighty Sarlacc below, waiting to devour him.
That image was relived in full in 1997, the interest deepened in 1998 as he began reading the books around those three classic episodes and by 1999, that boy realized that Star Wars had become and will always be a part of him.




Table of Contents


Part One: The Origin


Prologue – Malfunction

01 – Eve of Coronation
02 – Unveiled Plot
03 – Behind the Queen
04 – Countdown to Chaos
05 – The Moon Mountain
06 – Morning Fireworks
07 – A Clone’s Fate, an Animal’s Hate
08 – The Chancellor’s Decree
09 – Naberrie Fields
10 – Courtesy Calls and the Coronation
11 – Multiple Encounters
12 – The Chase to Negotta
13 – The Battle of Jafanara
14 – The Countess and the Handmaiden
15 – A Costly Rescue
16 – The Staff of Vision
17 – The Order of the Sanctuary
18 – Return to Rori
19 – Everything Falls Apart
20 – The Kardara Truce
21 – The Mines of Kardara
22 – Hath Monchar
23 – The Calm before the Storm
24 – The Raltosan Enterprise

Part Two: Royal Service

25 – First Move
26 – The Chancellor’s Ambassadors
27 – United Against a Common Threat
28 – Naboo Underground
29 – The Outcast of Otoh Gunga
30 – The Battle of Spinnaker
31 – Silent Takeover
32 – The Flight to the Capital
33 – Desert Heat
34 – A Person named Anakin
35 – Lunch with the Skywalkers
36 – Intruders in the Sandstorm
37 – The Eve of Boonta Eve
38 – Race to Death
39 – Farewell Tatooine
40 – The Galactic Capital
41 – Vergence in the Force
42 – The Queen, the Boss and the Viceroy
43 – The Governor’s Rescue
44 – Ouch Time
45 – The Battle of the Solleu
46 – The Fateful Choice
47 – Duel of Fates
48 – Young Heroes
49 – Specters of the Force
50 – Requiem to a Jedi

Epilogue: Malfunctions

PART ONE - THE ORIGIN
Prologue: Malfunction

The conveyors thrummed with power, a myriad of mechanical parts began to drop from a series of containers, dumping them all on a wide rotating platform. Foundry Droids detached themselves from their individual storage capsules and activated their repulsorlifts. They began to converge on the rotating platform and proceeded on a seemingly chaotic task of picking up their respective assigned objects to collect from the pile of metal scraps. Once the container attached to them is full they hover onto their designated conveyors and unload the mechanical parts and will then again resume their picking on the platform. The various parts in turn will be taken along a maze of assembly machines with different functions. It was like a large lake splitting into a number of rivers passing through almost endless caves and emerging and merging until there are only three conveyors left bearing segregated types of metals to be melted down and reshaped.
This is a typical day in Industrial Automaton in Nubia, one of the largest Droid Manufacturing Company in the Galactic Republic while the other competitor is Cybot Galactica in Etti IV. Among the other contending companies were the Techno Union, Arakyd Industries, Genetech Laboratories, SoroSuub Corporation and Veril Line Systems. Since the merger of Industrial Intellect and Automata Galactica some eight hundred forty years ago and became the Industrial Automaton, the company has risen to match the galaxy’s once sole leading droid foundry, the Cybot Galactica.
This particular batch has been ordered in bulk by the Royal Palace of Naboo in preparation for the crowning ceremony of their new Queen, a young top graduate from the Naboo Legislative Youth Program and a well known Princess of Theed elected by a landslide succeeding King Ars Veruna.
Human technicians waited at the end of the conveyors of almost finished products of R2 unit models of astromechanic droids. One by one they were installed with a memory chip and an AI programming module by a machine before reaching the human techs wherein those chips and AI will be scanned and tested for efficiency. Afterwards the products will be hauled by droid workers and put them on another conveyor belt in which the R2 units will be boxed for shipment.
The last leg in the production ended in the rear foundry exit wherein a pair of massive Nubian X90a Cargo Ships is awaiting their load for delivery. These two freighters will make the four hour jump into hyperspace towards the Chommell Sector and will revert to sublightspeed upon entering Naboo space. After a brief interaction with Spaceport Control, the Industrial Automaton Delivery Freighters Steadfast and Dutiful landed on Theed Spaceport were they will be met by Naboo Royal Engineers.
* * *
Lienn Entarrie, a former NRE was recently fired from work due to his constant rule breaking and radical AI programs that were deemed non-conforming to NRE standards. His latest creation was an AI chip which he called Entarrie-1, a chip that in his design and theory should provide astounding sentient traits to a droid including that of loyalty, devotion and creativity that is beyond any standard droid programming. Having been fired has further limited his access within the NRE compound. This shipment though, is his only chance to test his Entarrie-1. Disguised as one of the NRE crew, he deftly went to blend with the others and join the long ride back into NRE compound.
Inside, he slipped off from the rest of the crew and stealthily made his way up to the Programming Department. It was just a few minutes past day shift and the nightshift programmers are still down by the lobby having casual chats with the dayshift. The room was relatively empty and Lienn quickly opened the main server. Punching a stolen access code he began uploading his Entarrie-1 chip programming into the preset program upgrade that will overwrite the Industrial Automaton R2 programming.
Outside the NRE compound, a small T-13 Skyhopper suddenly crashed into the power generators causing the alarms to go wild and the power in the entire compound to go off. Emergency power back-ups automatically kicked in as people outside scrambled to do what they can to extinguish the fire.
The entire room was engulfed with darkness which startled Lienn, then after a few seconds power returned and the computer began to reboot. Then a guard came in and saw Leinn Entarrie, he was new and did not know who Lienn is so he raised his blaster at him, “Put your hands in your head and step away from the computer!” the guard barked.
“Relax, I’m an employee here. I am Engineer Entarrie…” Leinn cautiously said but he continues to re-install his Entarrie-1.
“I said put your hands in your head and step away from the computer! This is your final warning!” the guard growled and his finger dangerously hovered on the trigger.
The monitor beeped and Lienn saw that the upload began and started to reach 5%. In a desperate attempt to give his chip the time to be uploaded he moved with surprising agility and wrestled the blaster from the guard.
Lienn underestimated the strength of his would be captor. The guard was smaller than him but younger and unbelievably far too strong. In their struggle the blaster fired, hitting and scorching walls, the chairs, the panels and worse the computer. He saw that the uploading was completed and the installation on the droids was not. In a surge of frustration, rage and madness he began punching the guard. The struggle then became a brawl and more guards came in to see what was causing the noise.
The newly arrived guards recognized Lienn and rushed to stop the two. But the first guard was now equally enraged and was using his fully pumped adrenaline strength to beat the life out of the now defenseless former employee and by the time the guard stopped, Lien was already gone. The other guards cuffed the first guard and then called for Naboo Security to take him while they took Lienn’s body to the medical wing.
Lienn Entarrie died under the knowledge that his Entarrie-1 has failed to be installed. He never saw the 2% installation progress in the monitor before it got blown. The NRE had ordered two hundred astromech droids. Only one of them has been successfully programmed by the Entarrie-1 chip. But with no one alive aware of what Lienn has done, no one could ever know what has just happened, and which of those two hundred R2 units were secretly modified.

Chapter 1: Eve of Coronation

Thirty-four year old Riggs Fenn adjusted the holoframe of his parents and siblings on the left corner of his office table. His father Terus Fenn was the former Master of Sciences and Royal Advisor in the Royal Advisory Council, he retired when Riggs was at his second year in Coruscant Science Academy seven years ago. His mother Salle Fenn was a pilot of Keren Squadron. His parents became Transport Pilots on Keren spaceport, flying massive cargo freighters throughout the Chommell Sector and sometimes even to the Core Worlds.
His oldest brother Roiy Fenn was diplomatic aide for the late Senator Vidar Kim who was assassinated two decades ago and was succeeded by Senator Palpatine. Riggs, despite his natural talent for electronics and technologies was also a history buff like his brother. He was most fascinated with the life of the late great Senator Consinga Palpatine, mentor and predecessor of Senator Vidar Kim, which in some playful twist of fate has become the mentor and friend of Consinga’s eldest son and now senator, Palpatine.
Roiy Fenn was personally curious about the real events that caused the murder of the entire House Palpatine and the seemingly odd survival of the current Naboo Senator. There was a certain aversion from the legal and academic society of Naboo whenever they try to veer onto that subject. Because of that he could not share to anyone about his interest on the supposed to be long closed case and trusted only his brother who after Senator Kim’s death has relocated to Corellia and became one of the Corellian Senator’s staff. He also shared his secret investigation with his younger sister Rhona Fenn who has married a Jedi Archivist on the mobile Jedi Academy Chu’unthor II. Although he wanted to pursue his last lead, something about a connection on Duros, many things that happened in his life prevented him from doing so.
Six years ago his parents died from a pirate raid led by the so called Chommell Patriots. Included in the casualties were Roiy and Rhona who were at that time visiting their parents.
Riggs has never married yet, the only family he got left was Rhona’s husband Master Teetan Obas, a Twi’lek, and their children named after their parents and her brothers, Terus, Selle, Roiy and Riggs Fenn-Obas.
Since Riggs has been promoted to Supervising Technician, he can now save enough credits in a year to get off Naboo and visit his brother-in-law, nephews and niece on Coruscant.
Shaking off his daydreaming he focused on the last batch of the astromech units and rechecking their updated programming from NRE.
“I heard there was another terrorist attack down on the NRE compound, can you tell me about that?” Riggs asked the blue astromech units. The single empty powerless photoreceptor stared in cold silence at his outspoken inquiry.
He was about to turn on the droid to engage it on a casual conversation when his boss’ unmistakable approaching boot echoes alerted him.
* * *
Graf Zapalo, Master of Sciences and member of the Royal Advisory Council strode on the receiving bay to inspect the astromech droids from Nubia. Graf’s subordinates could have easily done the job but as a loyal servant to the Crowned King of Naboo, and to his successor the next monarch, he preferred to do the inspection himself to make absolutely sure that there will be no problem during the coronation and no threat at all whatsoever.
There were two hundred R2 units and he was inspecting the last of them when Hugo Eckener, Chief Architect and also a member of the Royal Advisory Council strode to his side and whispered at him.
“Graf, the Governor is ordering an emergency meeting in ten minutes.” Hugo said in his ear.
“He’s doing that in the eve of coronation? What’s wrong?” Graf frowned in annoyance. He had much to do, as are the rest of the council and staff. Representatives from the Galactic Senate and the Jedi Order would be coming tomorrow and there are tons to be arranged and prepared.
“He wouldn’t say. But Hela said Senator Palpatine, Chancellor Valorum and Master Yoda will attend this meeting via holonet.” Hugo explained.
Graf stiffened in alarm and alertness. “It’s that serious? Well then let’s go.”
Graf grabbed Hugo’s arm and hurriedly walked out of the compound but Hugo stopped him shortly.
“Wait, take one of these new droids, we’ll have need of it.” Hugo said nodding at the last R2 unit.
“Very well then, Fenn activate that one, we’re taking it.” Graf ordered.
The technician nodded and went to activate the indicated droid.
The blue and white astromech droid surged with mechanical activities as its internal power cell was turned on. Lights blinked from its semi-transparent dome and rotated to take in on the surrounding. Recognition protocols took over followed by imprinting. The droid’s consciousness awakened and saw the technician first. Its lens zoomed in on his chest plate, read the I.D. and marked him as Riggs Fenn, Supervising Technician.
“Droid! Come with us.” Graf called out.
The droid whirled around its domed head to look at the one who gave the command. Recognition program identified him as Graf Zapalo, Master of Sciences and Royal Advisory Council. The older man beside him was Hugo Eckener, Chief Architect and Royal Advisory Council. The droid then did as told. He extracted his central foot and started to roll towards them.
“What is his number?” Hugo asked Fenn before they leave.
Fenn checked his datapad and answered, “R2-D2 milord.”
“Hello R2-D2. I assume you already know us.” Hugo smiled at the droid. Graf merely scoffed, to him, the idea of treating a droid as sentient is absurd but he tolerated the older man’s indulgence. There’s much work to do to waste time for such trivialities.
Artoo beeped in affirmation and gave a series of hoots and shrills.
Hugo laughed. “Hardly an hour here and you are already as well informed as the next person!”
“He’s been programmed to know, Hugo.” Graf snapped.
They turned on the stairs Hugo slowed to wait for R2. Artoo extracted his central foot and began to use his servomotors to use his wheeled legs to take the steps. Graf stopped at the top of the stairs and looked down at Hugo and the droid and rolled his eyes.
“Droid, just fly, we are in a hurry.” Graf said gruffly.
Hugo looked at the droid and shrugs.
Artoo beeped something sarcastic that made Hugo muffle his chuckles. Graf had already resumed walking and hadn’t heard the droid’s remark. Hugo nodded at R2 and started after the other. Artoo extracted his pair of flight boosters at the side of each of his legs and flew after them.
* * *
The Throne room was magnificent with all the tall columns on each side supporting the high dome above which in itself has an intricate painting from the ancient greatest artists of Naboo. The entire room was vast, both side have tall windows, at one side was the City of Theed and the Grassy Plains at the other.
Artoo whirled his dome to look at those who are already gathered ahead of them.
He saw Palace Guards in every corner and columns, alert and watchful. Then there were the Royal Handmaidens sitting on equally spaced chairs that forms the outer circle of the throne. The inner circle is composed of the Royal Advisory Council including Governor Sio Bibble. Graf Zapalo went straight to his chair. The rest Artoo recognized based in his NRE programming as Hela Brandes the Music Advisor and Lufta Shif the Education Advisor. He landed quietly and resumes rolling and halted beside the chair of Eckener.
Artoo’s single photoreceptor finally rested on the two other presences in the throne room. One old man sat on the throne; he was stiff with authority and power and Artoo easily identified him as King Veruna, the outgoing ruler of Naboo. Technically, Veruna had already abdicated from his throne but under the circumstances, his presence is imperative in this meeting and the group had agreed that the former King still be seated on the throne at least for this one last session. Beside the throne, a special smaller version of it was placed and there sat a very young and beautiful girl. But despite her youth, her eyes glowed with knowledge and determination. Artoo found her name in his database, Padmé Naberrie, the most celebrated Princess of Naboo, the successor of the King and the one that would take up the Royal name Amidala at the beginning of the coronation tomorrow.
There was a certain tinge of underlying tension between Veruna and Padmé. The nature of their succession was not one would normally call harmonious. Everyone in this chamber knew that Veruna is a tyrant and has outlived his power and popularity among his people.
Not one of Veruna’s loyalists has remained in the Royal Advisory Council and the only one person he could call a true ally here was Captain Maris Magneta, his Chief of Royal Security, which he knew would also be replaced once the new Queen has been crowned.
The former Princess of Theed was unanimously voted by the people to succeed Veruna and end his rule. Ars Veruna deeply suspected that Senator Palpatine was behind his downfall because he repeatedly refuses to the Senator’s under-the-table suggestions that Naboo should enter a temporary and informal alliance with the Chommell Patriots in order to deal against the looming Trade Federation embargo.
The outgoing King nodded at Sio Bibble and the governor in turn gave a nod to Hugo. The old man patted Artoo’s domed head, “R2-D2, activate the holos and also start recording and transmitting.” He said
Artoo beeped in affirmative. This is pre-programmed in him back in Nubia and was further ‘polished’ by NRE. The droid moved to the center and attached on the holoprojector. Three figures instantly appeared in separate holos and Artoo returned to Hugo’s side and began holorecording the meeting.
“Senator Palpatine, Master Yoda, Chancellor Valorum, we are greatly honored that you have found time to hear our plea.” King Veruna began.
“Always eager to help, the Council does.” Yoda’s image nodded.
“Has the Viceroy of the Trade Federation made contact since the last time we talked?” Valorum asked without preamble.
“Yes. They continue to insist we defer to their mad proposals.” The King sighed.
“The Neimoidians just wanted to evade the new taxation laws. They must not be permitted to execute their demands. This is what they have been complaining about since the Chancellor passed the bill months ago, especially now that an amendment is being proposed in the Senate by Senator Bail Antilles of Alderaan.” Palpatine said, turning to face Valorum.
“You mentioned in the message that they threaten to put a blockade in your planet. Is this true? Have they made the move to do so?” Valorum asked Veruna.
“Viceroy Nute Gunray have indeed said so, we have the recording if you wish to see it. But he has not sent any of his ships within the Chommell Sector yet.” the King explained.
“The Trade Federation representative, Senator Lott Dod denies all of this of course. But if you do have that recording, it would serve as a powerful proof of their harassment.” Palpatine commented.
“Thoughts you have, Princess Naberrie?” Yoda nodded at the silent Queen-to-be.
“Lord Veruna, if I may.” Padmé said to the King. Her use of his current civilian title made the Advisory fidget in unease. The Handmaidens eyes widened as those of the Palace Guards. Veruna himself looked shocked but he quickly controls his reaction and composed an unconcerned expression. It was a subtle but firm reminder of who really has the power and authority now, a cunning attack to the ever self-assured and stolid former King Veruna.
Veruna kept his composure in check and nodded at her to speak.
“Chancellor, Senator, Master Jedi, My Lord, Governor, my Advisors, I strongly believe that this harassment of the Trade Federation is an obvious ploy to evade the taxation trade routes recently imposed by the Republic. But on the other side I also feel that this act of threat is mere duplicity. The Neimoidians are a cowardly race and I feel something deeper is edging them into this. It is my intuition…”
Veruna raised a hand to interrupt and smirked at her. “Princess Naberrie, your imagination surpasses me. Though I must remind you that even if they are of cowardly race, as you so eloquently put it, they are still the Trade Federation. They are sly business people and have access to the largest droid foundries in the Outer Rim alone. They can make all of their threatening as real as they wanted, they do not need this deeper something to goad them. Their greed has already covered that part.”
“Agree I am…” Yoda nodded solemnly and Veruna looked victorious at once.
“…to the Crown Queen’s intuition.” Yoda finished and the former King scowled.
“This matter requires further investigation.” Valorum said to them then turn to ask the Jedi Master, “Should the Jedi be on this situation now Master Yoda?”
“Deliberate on this, the Council will.” Yoda agreed.
“Master Jedi, with all due respect, we are in the verge of a crisis here, don’t you think deliberations are…” Padmé started to say.
“Deliberate on whom to send, not whether to take part. Involved in this, we already are.” Yoda smiled at her.
“Thank you Master Jedi.” Padmé graciously bowed.
“For the meantime, I suggest you postpone the coronation tomorrow. It is not safe to be in public view during this time of conflict.” Palpatine suggested, looking at Padmé.
“I agree…” Veruna said.
“No. The announcements have been made. The coronation begins tomorrow and postponing it would only send the wrong message to those who are aware of our dire situation. The Trade Federation would see this as a sign of weakness in our part. The off-world traders would interpret this as a proof of danger in dealing with us. Postponing it would only make things worse. We need to show them that we are confident in our security and rights, that their harassments are empty and do not faze us at all.” Padmé argued.
Suddenly one of the Palace Guards behind Hugo raised his weapon and fired at Veruna and Padmé. The holos blocking the attacker and his targets partially blurred his aim. The blaster bolt struck harmlessly on Padmé’s chair while the second shot grazed Veruna’s left arm.
Artoo Detoo spun and rolled at once toward the surprised assassin. Before any of the Palace Guards could return fire, Artoo rammed the attacker while emitting a battle cry-like ear-splitting shrill. As the assassin fell on his back, Artoo zapped him with his stored electrical surge rendering the man unconscious.
The rest of the Palace Guards now went to drag the assassin while the other went to check on their leaders.
“It seems there is no question now as to the severity of this impending conflict.” Padmé said to everyone.

Chapter 2: Unveiled Plot

Artoo Detoo was taken by Captain Maris Magneta to the Palace Security Dome just across the east exit of Theed Palace, accompanied by a dozen Palace Guards including the ranking officer Lieutenant Panaka pulling the unconscious assassin on a hover capsule.
Entering the dome the group began to go over their respective tasks with their fingers almost dancing across the knobs, switches and buttons on the boards and consoles which fascinated Artoo Detoo.
The Lieutenant, a tall dark skinned man paused and noticed the astromech droid standing silently observing them on a corner. He walked toward Artoo and addressed the droid.
“I saw what you did. I honestly have no idea how you manage to override one of your core programming never to harm a sentient being, it’s a scary notion to know what you can do but I got to admit that it was both heroic and unexpected. Anyways, we have recovered a highly encrypted datacard from the assassin and our decrypting computers and slicers could not open it. Do you have the latest decrypting programming?” Panaka inquired.
Artoo tweeted in affirmative and the Lieutenant beckoned him to follow. The two went on the inner room where Captain Magneta and the rest of the decrypting team gathered.
“Captain, this droid has the updated slicing programs. We’ll work on it and call as soon as we have results.” Panaka said cocking his head at Artoo.
Captain Magneta turn to regard the droid with a slight crease in his eyes then move his gaze on his Lieutenant.
“Well then, the meeting is still ongoing and I have to personally supervise security there. Work on the decryption and contact me at once if the droid cracks it.” Captain Magneta ordered and stood up and left.
“There’s the console, the encrypted file is labeled as N3-E21.” Panaka said to the droid.
Artoo beeped once and rolled onto the console and connected his scomp link into the console and began extracting the said encrypted file. Panaka sat by the chair beside Artoo and waited patiently.
An hour passed and the room was left for the two of them as the other crew ended their shift. There will be no third shift for the night because as tradition, Coronation Day is a holiday and the entire Palace staff and crew are off except only for the security and event divisions.
Panaka glanced at his chronometer. They still have at least twelve hours before the coronation ceremony begins. Just as he was about to ask the progress of Artoo, the astromech beeped in excitement, or alarm, Panaka wasn’t really sure because he was not that good at interpreting droids.
“What is it?” Panaka asked instead.
 Artoo relayed his message in the console for Panaka to read.
Panaka’s eyes widened and his jaw dropped in disbelief at what he just read. “Droid, are you absolutely sure you have this right? Answer me!” he growled.
Artoo beeped an affirmative.
Panaka closed his eyes and clenched his fists.
Fools! We’re all been fooled! The Lieutenant said to himself but then he regained his composure and took a long deep breath before opening his eyes. The orbs that stared back at Artoo Detoo was glazed with renewed conviction and determination.
But something was still nagging him and Panaka stopped and forced himself to slow down and think and analyze the situation. Thinking about it now he suddenly realizes it is most probably a trap. No assassin in his right mind would carry a datacard in his person that contains information that would implicate him and/or his employer. It is definitely a trap. Then on the one side, ignoring it would only make his job of unraveling this mystery even harder. Let it unfold, he recalled a Jedi Master once saying to him during his time in the Republic Special Task Force while on a hunt for a notorious pirate gang in the Corporate Sector. Master Tholme, yes that was his name, he remembered him saying, “Among my Jedi friends we have this saying, to discover the culprit, one must spring the trap.”
Lieutenant Panaka stood up and activated his comlink to contact Captain Magneta. “Captain, listen very carefully, the droid has just decoded the assassin’s datacard. According to the encryption, King Veruna has been dead for a month now, the unconscious Veruna we found a month ago turns out to be a clone, arrest that impostor!”
“This is absurd Lieutenant! I will not have this madness tolerated! That droid must have malfunctioned or something or that datacard must be planted there to mislead us.” Magneta’s voice was sharp and angrily hissing.
“But Captain, according to the encryption, that clone is conditioned to kill the Queen during the coronation!” Panaka insisted.
“Really now? Then why was he also a target of that assassin?” Magneta countered.
“What could possibly be a better cover than being a victim as well?” Panaka was determined to convince his captain.
“Give me proof Lieutenant. As much as I doubt this, I admit I must be open to possibilities however unlikely it may be. Get me a substantial proof! We cannot arrest Veruna with just that unreliable information as evidence. You have ten hours.” Magneta growled.
“Yes Captain.” Panaka sighed and closed the comlink.
“Droid, can you trace its source or something?” the Lieutenant asked.
Artoo beeped and re-inserted his scomp link and began working his way in analyzing every byte of the decoded file for clues of its origin.
“How long will this take?” Panaka frowned.
Artoo’s reply appeared on the monitor.
“Alright, get on with it. I’ll be back in an hour. Anyone else comes in here that isn’t me, call me.” Panaka left the droid his spare comlink.
Lieutenant Panaka left in hurry and called for the rest of the Palace Security personnel that wasn’t assigned inside the throne room and started to brief them about the situation and prepare them to his plan.
Artoo watched Lieutenant Panaka leave, he was about to run a playback of the meeting while he was waiting when a Palace Guard entered.
Artoo hooted and beeped at him trying to make the newcomer leave but the guard merely grinned and raised a bolt-gun and fired. Sparks surged in Artoo’s internal circuitry as the restraining bolt attached itself on his ‘chest’. Artoo made a desperate burst of coded message to Panaka’s comlink before he was shut-down by the intruder.
* * *
“According to our Intelligence report the assassin has known ties with the Chommell Patriots. They wish to destroy Naboo’s democratic monarchy and replace it with their authoritarian rule.” the image of Senator Palpatine stated as he reads through his datapad.
“These bands of terrorists are no patriots.” Governor Sio Bibble grunted in disgust.
“And these are the same group involved in the bombing of the NRE compound earlier?” Padmé asked.
“It is the same M.O. as the one that happened in the spaceport three months ago.” Zapalo nodded in confirmation.
“No connection found leading back to the Trade Federation?” the new Queen looked at Palpatine.
“I’m afraid there is no compelling evidence at all, not even the slightest hint.” Palpatine shook his head.
“Captain Magneta, what of the datacard found on the assassin?” Padmé turn her gaze at the Chief of Royal Security.
“Lieutenant Panaka and that droid are still working on it. I’ve given strict order to hand to me any development the moment they found some. I must say that that little droid has displayed a rather unexpected act of heroism and quick thinking.” Magneta admitted.
“The droid is our savior, he must be commended…” Padmé started to say.
“The reward of commendation can wait, Your Highness, I implore you to postpone the coronation until this matter has been dealt with. It’s for your own protection.” Palpatine pleaded.
“I’m sorry Senator, but cowering at the slightest hint of danger is not what I had in mind for our people, allies and enemies to see in their new monarch. This is an affront to our sovereignty and an attack to our stability. We will not be daunted, we must send back a clear message that terrorism has no place to our society and the new regent, I, the Queen of Naboo, will never tolerate such atrocity.” Padmé’s voice was hard and firm, her unblinking stare offers no room for disagreement.
“Very well Your Highness, but we should at least increase your security forces. Would you like me to send you some from our allied sectors?” the Galactic Senator offered.
“Our own people will suffice, having off-worlders at this time of our vulnerability will only give our enemies opportunity to insert more of their followers and continue with their attempts to topple our regime.” Padmé countered.
“But Your Majesty, Naboo does not have enough men to defend you and our people.” Palpatine insisted.
“I agree Your Excellency but this is not a war. I want you to arrange us a personal meeting with the Viceroy of the Trade Federation, but only when the Jedi has arrived to carry on the long overdue negotiations. I want to see the eyes of the Viceroy as he works out his lies in front of me.” Padmé said in finality.
Captain Maris Magneta’s comlink beeped and he steps out of the room to take the call.
* * *
When Artoo was automatically reactivated, he noticed he was in some sort of a tunnel, a cave by the looks of it. His internal chronometer informed him that he was out for at least two hours. He tried to move but he only managed to rock and sway in place. The restraining bolt prevented him from leaving his position. He couldn’t also use any of his tools that could be attributed to a weapon. Moaning in frustration, Artoo glances around the cave, there were faint lights here and there and the continuous thrumming and slight vibration in the walls and ground indicated a nearby power source. His scanners are unrestrained so he quickly made use of it to determine where he was.
His sonar sensors gave him a clear sonic blueprint of the cave. He was in the bottom most part of a five layer cave tunnel. Next move, Artoo ran his NRE list of geographical and topographical holomaps and searched for a match. It took him a fracture of a millisecond to find out that he was in the Mootoo Cave deep in the Eptto forest, ten clicks southwest of Keren City.
Artoo made another scan, for biological entities and his scanning registered eighty sentient beings within the Mootoo Cave, fifty of which were Gungans, twenty eight humans, one Neimoidian, which alarmed Artoo and one Iridonian Zabrak that confuses him because its presence was illogical according to the data from his remote uplink to the satellite information center of Naboo there has been no xeno-traffic in Naboo for a year now and that Iridonia has never traded or transacted with the Naboo, nor their people has ever had record of in any of coming here, not once.
Then he heard voices, running voice pattern recognition for the given four present species, he counted five individuals voice of each species, two of which were humans, a male and a female.
Shadows appeared at the left tunnel and the group came into Artoo’s view at last.
Artoo automatically ran a face-recognition from his NRE database on the five, he only got three matches, the two humans were Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley, two of the most wanted terrorist leaders in the entire Chommell sector. The Neimoidian was no other than Hath Monchar, the Trade Federation Viceroy’s Second-in-Command. The filthy muscular looking Gungan and the tattooed face Zabrak in black hood and cloak remained unidentified to Artoo.
“Wesa cannot risk bein’ seen in this attack!” grunted the Gungan, his deep voice resonating in the confines of the cave. He was tall, muscular, dark hued like the sap of a wroshyr tree of Kashyyyk, his left eye were gray with a spot of white that indicates a form of cataract, the other was obviously artificial because it strangely resemble Artoo’s own photoreceptor.
“We already did our part. We have stolen the data from the NRE yesterday, even blow up their power generator.” Sheeana said to Hath Monchar. Her eyes were of icy blue and her skin was pale and almost sky blue. She wore a Palace Guard suit that even in her odd coloration she could still manage to blend in on the busy populace of Theed.
“If you want us to make the delivery tomorrow, you’ll gonna have to throw us some more extras.” Alle scornfully added. Artoo recognized him. He was the one who shot him with the restraining bolt. Vomm was so average looking that no one would even think he was a terrorist.
“I assure you all that the Viceroy will fully cover your participation for tomorrow.” Hath Monchar, grunted.
“Whosa’s des creep anyways?” the Gungan loomed over the Zabrak.
“Step back Gantu, you would not want to antagonize my friend here.” the Neimoidian firmly warned the Gungan brute.
Artoo searched a match for a name of Gantu and easily enough there was a file about the Gungan, but his face in the file was different, he has no cataract and artificial eye and the skin hue is a little lighter mix of orange and green. According to the file, Gantu was half-Ottola and half-Ankura, his long record was mainly about making troubles in Otoh Gunga since childhood then into Keren, Theed and other countryside cities and villages of Naboo until he joined Alle’s group five years ago.
Gantu ignored the Neimoidian and stepped closer to tower over the Zabrak, he was two heads taller than the cloaked one but the Zabrak matched the intimidating glare with an almost bemused stare. After a full minute, the Zabrak finally gave a faint smirk and spoke.
His voice was unnerving. It was cold, low and menacing.
“A Jedi chopped that eyestalk of yours. He could have killed you effortlessly. I killed him effortlessly.” the Zabrak hissed, his eyes narrowing into slits.
Without waiting for any reaction, he turned around and left where they came in leaving the others unsure of what exactly had just happened.
“He killed Denuga?” Sheeana gasped.
“Shut up!” Gantu shoved Sheeana and strode out to the other tunnel.
“Who’s Denuga?” Monchar asked.
“The Togorian Jedi Master we encountered in Glee Anselm two years ago. We lost twenty of our men in that operation.” Alle explained.
“Who is that creep anyway?” Sheeana nodded at the direction where the Zabrak went.
“He is Lord Maul.” Hath Monchar stated.
Artoo never got to hear Hath Monchar’s answer because the entire cave shook vehemently and a deafening explosion accompanied it.
All hell broke loose.
* * *
Lieutenant Panaka sat on by the desk in his office and opened his computer console and started punching data search commands. He drew up the file of King Veruna prior to his supposed to be abduction last month and reviewed the detailed report he himself had filed to the Advisory Council and to the governor.
Panaka punched in the keyword Earl of Vis Castle.
The file immediately appeared on his screen and he started reading his own report.
Following the abdication of King Ars Veruna to his throne and the Advisory Council’s decision to hand over temporary rule to Governor Sio Bibble while a vote is being cast to decide who will succeed the crown, King Veruna himself with the help of Captain Maris Magneta and his trusted Second-in-Command, me, Lieutenant Panaka, arranged for the secret transfer of the abdicated King to the castle of the Earl of Vis in the Western Ranges of Naboo.
For the following weeks Captain Magneta and I have kept secret the whereabouts of King Veruna from everyone including the Advisory Council, the Governor and the Senator.
Captain Magneta was summoned back to Theed to oversee the security for the announcement of the King’s successor. I was left to protect King Veruna.
The day before the announcement I was personally making my rounds when King Veruna has asked me to accompany him for his daily game. I called the Captain and relayed the King’s instruction and he gave me the clearance under the condition that we do not let Veruna out of our sight.
The King was a little put-off that time and took my comlink and ordered Captain Magneta to have us out of his tail so he could focus on his game. The Captain was compelled to obey and we did as told.
I was left to rely on the tracking beacon embedded in the King’s ring. We monitored him closely but out of his sight. Until he reached a cave, enters it and from there we lost the signal.
I looked up at my datapad about the mapping of that cave and was assured that the entrance was the only exit and the length of the cave doesn’t extend any longer than half a kilometer. So I and my men waited.
It was sundown when we started to get suspicious. We stormed in, searched the cave and found nothing. I reported the situation to Captain Magneta and no later than an hour he arrived with more search party. We began a more thorough search and this time we have the proper equipments to do so.
We search for a full week until one morning King Ars Veruna strode out of the foliage carrying his kill, five zalaacas. He recounted to Captain Magneta and to me what happened to him.
Note: The following pages are the complete report of King Ars Veruna about his weeklong disappearance.
Panaka stopped reading and rubbed his eyes and slumped back on his chair.
“It has to be. That’s the only time any of us lost sight of the King. That has to be the time when the switch was made.” Panaka muttered to himself. His chrono beeped, reminding him that he has to get back to the astromech droid.
Panaka drew out his blaster as he saw two guards were down on the floor at the entrance of the Palace Security Dome. He knelt to feel their pulse… nothing.
Dread filled his gut and was not surprised to see that the astromech droid was gone. Down on the floor he saw a spent bolt-gun.
Panaka picked up his comlink and alerted Captain Magneta.

Chapter 3: Behind the Queen

Darth Maul left Gantu and the others and strode past startled and gawking Gungans and humans through the labyrinthine tunnels of the Mootoo Cave. The Zabrak only slowed down when he made the last turn and entered the farthest and largest natural antechamber where the bigger starships are usually grounded.
At the moment the underground hangar was empty save for one sleek Sienar Star Courier that its former owners preferred to call the Sith Infiltrator. Lord Maul on the other hand had named her Scimitar.
His small portable holopad beeped and Maul took the call. A six-inch holographic projection of his master took form and addressed him without preamble.
“Destroy all records there that would compromise the Sith and leave enough trail to hint them of Trade Federation involvement then go. Return here at once, a squadron is on its way there now. Before leaving Naboo, make sure Hath Monchar is delayed for a few hours before allowing him to flee off-planet back to Rori and do not forget to also make sure that once Monchar leaves Naboo his ship is to be spotted.” his master commanded brusquely.
“Yes my master.” Maul bowed as his mentor Darth Sidious ended his transmission.
The makeshift office holding the underground facility’s main computers are just at the next passageway behind him. No rush. Lord Maul returns his gaze at the beauty of Scimitar. Her elongated nose looms before him like an aimed tip of a javelin. The folded wings added an ominous touch to its smooth gleaming exterior, as if it was an ethereal apparition of a silver monster from the unknown cosmos.
The ship reeks with the palpable touch of the dark side of the Force. It’s very existence and presence is a mute testament of her Sith lineage.
The design itself were patterned from the ancient T-class long range personal cruisers used by Sith Lords during the New Sith Wars, the most notable example of it was the Valcyn of the dreaded Darth Bane.
This Sith Infiltrator was a prototype for Raith Sienar’s advance Star Courier project but the actual design came from Darth Tenebrous himself, the Master of Lord Plagueis the Wise.
It was in a way a gift of Darth Plagueis to him since it was handed over to his own master, Darth Sidious with a suggestion that the Sith Infiltrator be given to his apprentice, which was no other than him.
Maul took a deep breath and languished at the stale air for a full minute before going to the makeshift office. He ignited his twin bladed lightsaber and began hacking at the terminals, his seemingly wild slashing were in fact precise, deftly cutting through metal casings and destroying memory banks after memory banks.
The power surged and scattered little fires were ignited by the sparks. Maul took out a datachip containing several records of Viceroy Nute Gunray’s first set of meetings with the leaders of the Chommell Patriots Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley in Wayland a year ago; a few days after Chancellor Valorum ratified the new Taxation Laws.
He threw the chip on the fire and waited until the heat reach the core of the data chip and before the fire could totally obliterate the file it contains, Lord Maul lashed out his hand and use the Force to extinguish the fire smoldering the chip. Then he drew to the dark side and crushed the computers to mask the trace of lightsaber marks.
Darth Maul crookedly grinned at his handiwork. He had left enough partial data in there to implicate the Trade Federation. Deactivating his lightsaber, he went back to the hangar and boarded the ship casually. He took his time once inside, checked on his ship’s monitors and activated the advance radar and instantly saw on the console the bleeps representing the Royal Naboo Space Fighters.
The expected time of arrival is five minutes and counting.
At one minute before ETA, he began to power up the engines while concentrating at setting the navicomputer with the coordinates provided to him by his master.
By the time the RNSF began the bombing, Lord Maul was ready to leave.
* * *
The first barrage of proton torpedoes detonated on the upper cave levels and shook the entire mountain. Some of the Gungans and humans darted for their heavy duty anti-ship weapons while the others opted to flee.
Three dozen Naboo N1 Starfighters shot past the Egotto Mountains and made a wide arc for another pass. The moment the second volley of proton torpedoes were fired the three squadrons split their formation. The first continued for the third pass while the two squadrons went inside through the largest cave opening by the eastern face of the mountain.
Once inside the twenty four starfighters mowed down the rebels who were at first made their futile attempt and opened fire at the incoming ships.
Two ships found their way into the lowest and largest antechamber, spotted the lone Seinar-class ship and fired. The pair of torpedoes exploded on the left wing which shook the entire ship. Fortunately the shields were partly activated during the detonation and the ship suffered no fatal damage.
The two pilots decided to make another hit and flew their ships around to get another shot, this time for the kill.
Darth Maul was thrown on his console during the first impact and as he started to get up he tasted blood from the split on his lips.
The Zabrak snarled and darted out of his ship.
The two starfighter pilots saw a single figure running out from the ramp of the ship. As they were coming on closer they both pushed the button and the second double pair of torpedoes started to fire off.
But before either of the two realized what has just happened, the four torpedoes exploded before it left their ships. The two starfighters exploded only a dozen meters from Lord Maul.
The Sith watched in bloodthirsty hunger as the burning pieces of the ships rained down around him. Suddenly another pair of starfighters emerged from behind him, the Sith leaped and landed on the tail of the first ship.
The green astromech shrilled an alarm but Darth Maul slashed his crimson blade on the droid’s domed head then he ran to the canopy and strikes down through the glass and into the skull of the pilot.
Maul then leaped to the second ship flying up and behind and as he was in mid-air the Sith Lord stretched out his hand holding the lightsaber. The blade pierced the nose of the starfighter and their movement caused the beam to continue cutting through the side of the fuselage and under the left wing.
Darth Maul tucked and rolls as he fell on the uneven ground and looked back in time to see the doomed starfighter crashed onto the cave wall by the far side of the underground river and exploded.
The Sith Lord gave another hiss of contempt at the fiery remains of the ship before running back in his cockpit and flew the Scimitar off the Egotto Mountain.
* * *
Artoo Detoo toppled down along with tons of empty metal crates on the wide uneven cave floor. Sheena and Alle half drag, half carried Hath Monchar where Gantu had gone earlier and several humans and Gungans alike ran frantically in every direction, scrambling for exit or hiding.
Artoo struggled to move the crates off of his cylindrical body and after what seems forever he finally got loose and managed to get himself erect once again and started to roll off where the others had gone.
The cave continues to shake as distant and nearby explosions competes with the deafening sirens of security alarms. It took Artoo awhile to finally orient himself to the right tunnel and emerge on an underground river. Three Gungan submarines were tethered by the makeshift docks while the fourth was already halfway towards the sharp turn some half click away from him.
The Gungan subs were not designed to accommodate an astromech droid and Artoo also doubt if he could even get to open the bubble hatch at all. He was at this dilemma when another ship flew low from the other side and after the receding sub ahead.
Artoo made a quick scan of the fast ship which suddenly faded in his optical sensors. Baffled the droid only got a partial read, a Seinar-class ship and to his calculation according to what data he acquired, possibly equipped with a rare, illegal cloaking technology.
He was still at the docks platform hesitating from jumping into one of the subs, staying or flying off after the others when a pair of N1 Starfighters zoomed past the underground river straight to the sharp turn and faded in the dark, the booming thunder of their engines still echoing loudly in the confines of the cave.
Then the cave ceilings began to crack, tons of long sharp stalactites began to fall like thrown spears destroying the Gungan subs and the docks platform. Artoo was forced to use his jet boosters to avoid being thrown off the dark unknown river.
Artoo finally had no choice but to fly onwards after the others halfway there another N1 Starfighter flew from behind and slowed into a hover a few meters parallel to him. The canopy opened and the pilot called out to him.
“You there! What’s your I.D. code?” the pilot shouted.
Artoo sent a burst transmission about his registry number, the pilot was relieved to learn that the astromech was one of theirs so he punched something in the console and the burning astromech droid behind him was ejected, hit the cave ceiling with a loud bang and fell in ruins at the black river.
“Get inside, my guidance systems are not working, I need your help to get out of here.” The pilot said.
Artoo flew closer and slowly inserted himself on the droid slot behind the canopy. The internal arm locked in on his body as the canopy closed and they both flew off.
Artoo quickly began working, fixing the burnt out night vision sensors, sonar radars and began guiding the pilot through the pitch black tunnel. After a few minutes a white spot finally appeared ahead and began to grow bigger into a cave opening with its black river falling off as a waterfall.
The N1 Starfighter shot out of the hole and flew vertical deftly squeezing its way on the treacherous cliff walls and then finally out of the Egotto Chasm, one of the distinct landmarks in the deep jungles of Eptto.
Artoo and the pilot gave a cry of relief as they emerged on the moonlit dawn. Behind them the Egotto Mountain shook and crumbles inward from some areas as the Mootoo cave beneath it was finally destroyed. Dozens of other N1 Starfighters flew in formation of the ship where Artoo is and reports of success filled in the com as the pilots began reporting to Artoo’s pilot.
“Yellow Lead, we have captured several humans and Gungans trying to make a run in the forest, but we could not find any of their leaders.” Another voice crackled in the speakers.
“Copy that Commander, they must have used a Gungan sub and went to the core.” Artoo’s pilot acknowledged.
Moments later Keren City became visible ahead and the pilot finally addressed Artoo.
“Thank the Force you were there the moment I am in need of an astromech. My name is Ric Olié, that poor droid is R2-A3, he’s been with me since the Academy days.” Olié’s voice trailed off with unspoken memories.
Artoo replied with a series of beeps and chirps.
“Please to meet you, R2-D2.” Ric smiled.
Captain Magneta and Governor Sio Bibble were at the Keren District Hall waiting when Captain Ric Olié, Lieutenant Panaka and Artoo Detoo came in a few moments after they arrived.
The holoprojection of Senator Palpatine and the Queen-to-be appeared.
Bibble gave a slight nod at Captain Magneta who in turn stood up and strode on the center to face the Senator and the new Queen.
“Our team has acquired an encrypted data from the possession of the assassin. They have decoded it and discovered information about an underground base of the so called Chommell Patriots, under Lieutenant Panaka they sent scouts to confirm this and they have reported a positive I.D. on two of the leaders of the terrorist group namely Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley. They also spotted an odd looking Gungan and what seems to be a Neimoidian.” Magneta reported.
“Have they identified this…Neimoidian?” Senator Palpatine asked skeptically.
“The scout didn’t get a clear view of the suspected Neimoidian.” Magneta shook his head.
“How about the Gungan? Have you identified him?” Palpatine raised an eyebrow.
“No sir…” Magneta started to say but Captain Olié cleared his throat and they all turn to regard him.
“Yes Captain, you have something to share?” the Queen spoke invitingly.
“Yes Your Highness, Your Excellency.” Captain Olié bowed at the Queen and the Senator then looked at the Governor and Magneta for permission.
Bibble waved a hand for him to continue and Magneta stepped aside to give the floor to the ace pilot who beckoned Artoo Detoo to come with him.
“This R2 Unit has been taken by the Chommell Patriots earlier in Theed.” Ric Olié glanced at Lieutenant Panaka who nodded at the others in confirmation.
“According to this droid’s recording, the Gungan was mentioned by name by the terrorists. They called him Gantu…”
“Gantu Onu Raltos, the Gantu Onu Raltos?” Sio Bibble gasped.
“Yes Governor, we too believed him to have died years ago, apparently he survived and got a new look. But that is not the most alarming news, the scouts are right, this droid as also identified our Neimoidian, one called Hath Monchar.” Olié said.
“Hath Monchar?” Bibble’s eyebrows creased at the unfamiliar name.
“He is the Second-in-Command of Viceroy Nute Gunray.” the Queen supplied.
“Then it is clear now. The threat implied by the Viceroy is about these terrorists who are obviously here to kill the Queen.” Magneta surmised.
“And since their base of operation is destroyed then we have averted this plot. We only now need to apprehend these schemers.” Captain Panaka added.
“The evidences are still circumstantial. It will not be enough to hold on the Senate Court. The Trade Federation can easily disclaim their sanctioning Hath Monchar in scheming with the Chommell Patriots. What else do you have?” Palpatine leveled with them.
“One of the prisoners talked. He mentioned knowing only that they are there to instigate a riot during the coronation. He knows nothing more.” Panaka answered.
“There is one other thing…” Captain Olié started to say.
“But we are not sure of it yet.” Magneta interjected sharply.
“Tell them.” Panaka countered and Magneta shot him a reprimanding look.
“What is it?” the Queen asked.
“Yes Captain, enlighten us about this ‘one other thing.’” The Senator’s gaze was piercing.
Captain Olié leaned down at the astromech and whispered something. Artoo beeped and played a partial of his recording on that scene in the tunnel, he adjust his projection and isolated one black hooded cloaked person standing with Hath Monchar.
The face was hidden in the thick black hood and its shadows. They all thought they detected a hue of red and pair of fiery yellow orbs.
“Who is he?” Sio Bibble inquired.
“What is that?” the Queen scowled.
“The droid only identified his species, a Zabrak. Of his identity we came out empty.” Panaka spoke for Magneta could react.
“He is of no consequences, must be another bounty hunter, you must focus on finding Hath Monchar and those three Chommell rebels.” Palpatine scoffed.
“What if the droid is just being used by the rebels to mislead us?” Magneta implied.
“That’s your job to find out, Captain.” The Queen snapped.
“But of course, Your Highness.” Captain Magneta bowed in submission.
“Find them Captain Magneta and bring them to us.” Palpatine ordered then turn to face the holo of the young Queen. “As for you Your Highness, I believe you should rest now, let the Governor take it from here. I shall see you in the morning, we are now preparing for our trip there.” The Naboo Senator said in finality then turns to give farewell on the others and severed the connection.
“Captain Magneta. Have your men search for those rebel leaders. Lieutenant Panaka, I need you back here, I shall discuss with you something before I retire. Captain Olié, have that droid swept for traps and spy tools, I want its validity. Governor, I leave to your hands the task of running Naboo until morning, I’m afraid King Veruna had lapsed into unconsciousness, his wound proved far greater than we thought. That would be all for now. May the Force be with us all.” The young Queen issued her orders clearly and distinctively possible then faded as well, leaving them all in silence.
They all started to leave for their respective tasks, Artoo rolled faithfully beside Ric Olié and the captain regarded him with warmth and mirth. “Well Artoo, I guess you’re stuck with me for a little longer.”
Artoo beeped something a bit of both sarcastic and humorous.
“Hah! Don’t get all big in the head yet, I have feeling that this is just the beginning.” Ric laughed.

Chapter 4: Countdown to Chaos

Hath Monchar was escorted by Alle and Sheeana onto the Gungan bongo and made their way deep under the river while the Naboo squadrons were bombing their cave hideout.
Sheena steered the bongo deeper and deeper until they entered an opening that would take them to the watery core of Naboo.
“This is highly unacceptable! You failed to destroy our files, if those pilots discovered my records the Viceroy will never forgive me for it!” Monchar scolded them from the backseat of the sub.
“Alle, kindly tell our client to shut up or I’ll shoot him alive to the mouth of that Sando aqua monster.” Sheeana growled as she turns to another smaller tunnel to avoid the gargantuan sleeping sea creature.
The Neimoidian slumped on his seat flustered and chagrined but did not speak again.
“You worry too much for your own hide you don’t even think about ours.” Alle said in a low voice, the undertone in his utterance held a tinge of vehemence.
“You are battle hardened people. You can take care of yourselves. I am but a…” Monchar started to say but Sheeana cut him short.
“You are nothing but a cowardly capitalistic prick who just happens to have more money than any of the Chommell Patriots could ever earn in our combined lifetime.”
Hath Monchar glowered but decided not to give a retort.
“The deal was simple right? You give us the funding to disrupt the coronation, make it appear that we are to kill the Queen but not to actually succeed, create enough trouble to mark Naboo as unsafe for off-world traders. Then your Viceroy will do both sides; offer Naboo assistance to rid of us and at the same time try to convince the Queen to sign your treaty. We get paid either way. Did I get that right?” Sheeana asked.
“Yes that is the deal.” The Neimoidian nodded meekly.
“Good, now that we understand each other, we can now go back to work.” Sheeana nodded in satisfaction and shot their sub out of the underwater tunnels and climbed up to the surface.
They emerged on the South Pole archipelago of Naboo, the vast region was practically composed of thousands of islands and islets, scattered marshlands and swamps, shallow and deep lakes, waterfalls, mountain regions from an ancient fractured continent of a long forgotten past of the planet when kaadus and Gungans were indistinguishable from each other.
“Where to?” Monchar asked.
“Beacon signals over there, fifty clicks beyond that volcano island.” Alle pointed at Mt. Mutakasi, the largest southern volcano of Naboo some five kilometers from where they have resurfaced.
“Let’s get going then.” Sheeana grunted and steered the Gungan sub ahead. It was the first time that all three of them in this untouched frontier of the planet. If not for their respective thoughts on their missions and recent experiences they would have taken time to marvel and appreciate the beauty of the region.
Hath Monchar eyed the passing islands with greedy eyes, his mind racing with computations of probable profits to be gained in such a beautiful place. It is a perfect vacation center for the galaxy. The Trade Federation or he could indeed very much profit here.
Sheeana was silent, allowing the oceanic breeze caress her face and sent her springy copper hair flying behind her like an unmarked pirate flag. Her thoughts wandered on her years on Corellia as a stowaway from Naboo. There she became one of the swiftest pickpockets in Coronet. At the young age of eleven she was already a favorable swoop racer. She practically spent her adolescence move from the Five Brothers. She learned to be a monkey wrench under Feoullessa, a Selonian master mechanic. She mastered the art of piloting from her smuggler mentor Horri, a Drall and member of Black Sun.
Then she met a rich businessman name Hego Damask and he took her back to Kardara where she became one of his company bodyguards.
There she met Alle Vomm, a local political activist. She fell in love with him and followed him all the way. They stole millions of credits from the Damask Holdings and use the money to by ships and recruit followers and created the Chommell Patriots ten years ago.
Her thoughts were interrupted by a loud bang and when she looked up she saw a flare. She picked up her macrobinoculars and adjusted the range finder. Barely a kilometer from then, standing on the rocky shores was a huge muscular Gungan a massive cannon rifle was slung over his shoulders and was waving at them.
“There’s Gantu. Where’s your bodyguard?” Sheeana asked Monchar.
Before Monchar could answer a thunderous sonic boom reverberated over them and when the three of them looked up they saw a sleek dagger like ship shooting out of the thick dark nimbus clouds far above the horizon to their east.
The moonlight bounced powerfully from the smooth contours of the ship as it zipped past above them and past Mt. Mutakasi.
“Whatever is that bodyguard of yours, he’s good.” Sheeana commented.
A speeder was waiting for them when they reached the shores of Mt. Mutakasi. Gantu sent the bongo on autopilot back to the core with a timed self-destruct then led them to his landspeeder. They sailed past flush rainforests for the next couple of minutes until they finally reached their escape ship, a Trade Federation freighter, a few meters from its side sat the Scimitar. Walking towards them as they approach was the hooded Zabrak.
“We have a slight problem. Your main engines were fried.” the tattooed Zabrak informed them.
“Is the damage substantial?” Gantu asked.
“Nothing she can’t fix.” Darth Maul answered flatly.
“Get me the tools Gantu. I’ll take care of it.” Sheeana brushed past Hath Monchar and Alle Vomm.
Lord Maul addressed the Neimoidian, “My Master has relayed that you proceed when you are able back to Rori, I shall be leaving for the Capital and will rejoin you later this week, after you concluded our business.” the figure hissed and climbed back in his ship.
“How long will this take?” Hath Monchar asked.
“One hour? Give or take a few minutes… who knows.” Alle Vomm started after Sheeana. The Sith Infiltrator flew off and left them, Monchar watched the ship faded before his eyes as the Stygium cloaking device was activated.
* * *
Ric Olié hadn’t slept in two days. The Coronation starts in seven and a half hour, which means he have only three hours’ worth of sleep to spare, not to mention he had to scan the droid for traps and tampering which would take at least half an hour, further reducing his sleep time.
“Well Artoo, let’s get this on shall we?” Ric crouched in front of the droid and unpacked his scanning kit and started attaching wires and other sensor equipments on several parts of the astromech droid.
Artoo moaned an inquiry.
“Relax, I won’t do anything to harm your programming, I’m just gonna check if you have been tampered in the two hours you’ve been down there in that cave.” Ric explained.
Artoo tooted and gave a longer series of hoots and tweets.
“Well that would just be too bad doesn’t it? So far so good, no sign or indication of recent restraining bolt other than the one given to you back here, a faint burnt mark from that bolt-gun attack on you earlier, no permanent harm on that. No recent interface uploads either, hmmm. Deeper diagnostics are now running, that’s the long part. Well, I’ll leave you for a few minutes.”
Artoo beeped an alarm as Ric started to leave him alone on his garage.
Ric turned to smile at the droid, “This is my home, and you are safe here. I’m just going to change. I’ve been wearing this uniform for two days now. I need a bath.”
Artoo moaned in resignation, the last time someone left him alone he ended up getting electrocuted, hauled to an underground cave and was almost crushed by the caving in mountain.
Artoo’s musing was interrupted as a young kid entered the garage, walked past him and straight into the tool shelves and began rummaging there.
Artoo rotated his dome to get a better look at the youngster. A male human probably ten sun cycles old, fair skin, blue eyes and that same curled brown hair of Captain Ric Olié.
The kid found what he was looking for and was about to turn and leave when he finally noticed Artoo.
“You’re not Athree, where is he? Who were you?” the kid asked as he walk closer and sat before the droid, eyeing the myriad of wires attached at him.
Artoo beeped and told the kid about R2-A3’s demise. At first Artoo was hesitant because the kid might not understand his language but there was no translation pad attached at him at the moment, and since Ric had mentioned that A3 has been with him since his Academy days, Artoo thought it was a possibility that the kid may have some capability to understand him.
Tears slowly formed and streamed from the eyes of the child. He just nodded at him and to Artoo’s surprise, embraced him, in whom the kid let go of his restraint and cried aloud.
Artoo was momentarily stunned, so to speak, all he could think of was to moan assurances to the kid that everything will be alright.
The child held him like that for a few more minutes until he finally let go, returned from his cross-legged sitting position facing him and wipe his face with his sleeves.
“I’m sorry. Poppa said it’s rude to be highly emotional to a stranger if one hasn’t even introduced oneself. I’m Rinn Olié. What’s your name?” Rinn said between fading sobs.
Artoo answered the boy.
“Please to meet you R2-D2. Can I call you Artoo?” the boy smiled.
Artoo beeped an agreement.
“Do you know I’m going to see the new Queen tomorrow, I mean this morning? Poppa said the new Queen wanted to hold a small feast for all the children of the palace employees a couple of hours before the actual Coronation. Isn’t it wonderful?” Rinn exclaimed.
Artoo squeaked a question.
“No King or Queen in the history of Naboo had ever done that before. Anyways, I heard she was so beautiful, maybe not as beautiful as my mother. Although Momma often says that the new Queen is the most beautiful person she had ever seen in her life. I still can’t believe that anyone can be more beautiful than my Momma. Maybe that’s why she’s the Queen, because she’s more beautiful than my Momma.” the kid ranted.
Artoo gave a series of beeps that is an equivalent of an amused chuckle and told Rinn that he hadn’t heard the word ‘beautiful’ mentioned too many times in one speech.
Rinn blushed, “Sorry, I do that when I’m excited.” He said shyly.
Artoo groaned assuring the boy it was alright and he was just amused at him.
“I see you have met my boy here.” Ric emerged from the side door wearing his night robe, behind him strode another human, a head smaller than him, same blue eyes, brown hair but straight and at shoulder length. Artoo surmised she was Captain Olié’s wife.
“Artoo meet Thea, my wife.”
Artoo greeted the woman.
“Please to meet you too Artoo.” Then she called at Rinn, “Back to sleep Rinn, you’ll have plenty of time to fix that little toy of yours after the coronation. Let’s go Rinn.”
“Yes Momma, goodnight Artoo.” Rinn waved and took his mother’s hand and they both kissed Ric before entering the house.
“So, how’s the scan?” Ric crouched and checked the results of the sensors, it came out clean.
“That’s good news then.” Ric nodded in satisfaction and stood up and called someone in his comlink.
“Captain Magneta here.” came out the voice on the other end.
“The droid’s all clear.” Ric reported.
“Very well, I know you haven’t slept for awhile, I’ll send a pilot to take the droid to the governor to analyze that recording in it.” Magneta closed the link.
“You’re going to the governor Artoo, don’t worry, he’s a good man.” Ric smiled and patted his dome and started removing the wires and packing up his portable Mechis G5-X001 droid scanner.
After only a few minutes someone came knocking on the garage gate and Ric spoke to the intercom then opened the blastgate. A younger Naboo pilot in full uniform saluted at his captain. Ric waved a hand indicating Artoo and the newcomer nodded and together they approach him.
“Artoo, this is Lieutenant Hoff Siege, he’s my best wingman and he will accompany you to the governor. I’ll rejoin you both in the morning alright?” Ric explained.
“Hello Artoo. Shall we?” Hoff smiled at the droid.
Artoo was relieved to see that the Lieutenant is also a ‘droid-lover’ and not like that Graf Zapalo. Artoo gave a farewell hoot at Ric as he followed Hoff to his landspeeder.
* * *
It didn’t take long for them to reach the palace and into the austere office of Governor Sio Bibble. The old stout man had a serious but welcoming presence. He was not one to be trifled with but he’s one of those types that can maintain camaraderie and authority at the same time.
Artoo was beginning to like him already.
Also in the office were Captain Magneta and Graf Zapalo.
Artoo moaned silently, not him again.
“Droid, play the cave recording again.” Magneta ordered and Artoo complied.
They watched in silence and played the recording several more times, slowing on some part, zooming on the other and replaying certain scenes or lines then Magneta told Artoo to stop and told the Lieutenant to take Artoo outside and wait for their summons then they went to discuss what they’ve seen, noticed, analyzed and suspect.
“I have here the requested updated records from Chommell Intelligence, this would have taken us weeks to get had not Senator Palpatine pulled some strings there.” the governor projected the report from his datapad and into the central projection platform.
“Gantu Onu Raltos, Gungan, Forty years old. Orphan and a street kid in Keren City, a Pick-pocket and thief in his youth. Gantu had become a robber and troublemaker in his adolescence and a hardened criminal and compulsive murderer from then on. He joined the Chommell rebel cell here on Naboo for six months five years ago until he went off planet to be more active in his group. He was reported to have been killed by a Jedi raid two years ago in Glee Anselm and was never been seen again since.” Sio Bibble reviewed.
“How about Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley?” Magneta asked.
“Alle Vomm came from a family of Corellian immigrates in Kardara, a small mining colony world deep in the Chommell Sector. He was one of the seven children that were rescued during the Kardaran Raid of the Mandalorians two decades ago. He was suspected to have been raised on Galidraan and escaped the Jedi raid there went to work on Damask Holdings plasma mine on Kardara, disappeared and later on returned here in Naboo and established the Chommell Patriots.” Bibble changed the holo to those of Alle Vomm.
“Sheeana Fley was born here from a hybrid parentage, her mother was half-human half-Catharian and his father was a third generation half bred Chiss. She was reported missing a child but later records found her resurfacing in Corellia with colorful police records. She disappeared in Corellia and was later seen as one of Damask Holdings security personnel. She was assumed to have met Alle Vomm on Kardara when Damask Holdings established a small mining colony there. The two became lovers, made a successful multimillion credit heist on Damask Holdings’ Kardaran mining colony eleven years ago. They resurfaced a year afterwards as trouble makers who calls themselves the Chommell Patriots, became a headache to Senator Palpatine since then.”
“Do you think the Mandalorians may be behind this?” Magneta asked.
“I doubt that. The Mandalorians had never set their eyes on us even back in the time of the Kardaran Raid. Besides, the presence of Hath Monchar in the Mootoo Cave is more than enough proof of the involvement of the Trade Federation.” Zapalo shook his head.
“Have your men found Hath Monchar and the others?” Bibble asked Magneta.
“We’re still looking.” Magneta sighed.
“What about that hooded Zabrak? Who is he?” Zapalo recalled.
“The Senator seems to think he’s just a bounty hunter.” Bibble explained.
“He doesn’t look like a bounty hunter to me. More like those Jedi people.” Magneta move to take the chair beside the governor.
“The Jedi would never be involved in such criminal activities.” Zapalo scoffed.
“I didn’t say he’s a Jedi.” Magneta felt chagrined.
The discussion went on for another hour until they finally adjourned and decided to just double the security for the morning and wait for the reports of the search party.
* * *
Lieutenant Siege and Artoo decided to go to the main hangar where he was assigned to guard for the night. Siege showed Artoo the layers of docked N1 Starfighters and told him stories about his piloting lessons, how he joined the Space Fighter Corps and some of his few dogfights against the Chommell Patriots and other pirates.
He and Artoo were on the ledge of the hangar watching the vista below when Lieutenant Panaka came running inside and calling Siege. Behind him were the entire Raid Squadron pilots heading off to their respective ships.
“Lieutenant, we have a situation!” Panaka exclaimed.
“What is it sir?” Hoff hurriedly stood off the ledge and met his Commander.
“Space Patrol spotted a Neimoidian shuttle flying off from the South Pole and heading towards the moon Rori. Prepare the ships. I’m putting you in command for this sortie. I’ll get your clearance to Captain Magneta, you have to hurry or we might miss them again. They have to be captured before sunrise, understand?” Panaka ordered.
“Yes sir! Artoo, follow me!” Hoff led Artoo to his N1 Starfighter as other pilots started to pour in from the entrance hall. Panaka issued the same command to the others and informed them that Hoff will be their leader for this raid. Then Panaka gave wave to Hoff and activated his comlink and contacted Captain Magneta.
The Lieutenant was the first to take off and started to check on his squadron. After everyone has reported they made a wedge formation and flew up.
“Call sign is Raid Squadron! ETA in twenty minutes, everyone, synchronize!” Hoff announced.
“Copy that Raid Lead!” came the answers.
“Artoo, you alright back there? Have you ever been to a space battle before?” Hoff asked.
Artoo moaned a negative and a short reply.
“Well Artoo, there’s a first time for everything. Here we go!”

Chapter 5: The Moon Mountain

Raid Squadron was actually a temporary merging of three of Naboo’s best starfighter squadrons. These squadrons are Keren, Theed and Moenia, all named after the city they were founded. Raid Squadron was currently in the phase of reorganization as the new transition of leadership is about to take place, the Advisory Council and the incoming Queen had issued a decree to form a Naboo Space Fighters Corps despite the lack of support from Senator Palpatine and the previous King, Veruna. The name to replace Raid Squadron is Bravo. Captain Ric Olié himself chose that name and the rest of the lead pilots agreed enthusiastically on it.
But at the moment, Bravo is not yet used. It will be active this morning during the coronation. Artoo shrilled a warning that shook Lieutenant Siege off of his musings.
“Recalibrate the sensors, they must be jamming us!” Siege told Artoo.
“Raid Lead, we’re picking up heavy space traffic coming out of Rori!” Raid Two exclaimed. Adin Moorr was the leader of Keren Squadron and a good friend of Siege since childhood, Siege owed him his life for countless occasions, they have become so close that Adin had fallen and married Siege’s sister Lilla, unfortunately she died at childbirth and her child, Adella was abducted five years ago and was never again found. Captain Panaka suspected that the Chommell Patriots were behind it, it was rumored, though Siege never managed to confirm it, that his niece was sensitive to the Force. four years ago a pair Jedi hunted the Chommell Pirates in search for the child, the Order wanted to retrieve the boy for two main reasons, one of them was to train him to become one of them. The two Jedi never returned.
“They’re transmitting false transponders, but they are unmistakably the Patriots.” Raid Three called out.
“Spread out and engage, Keren and Moenia Flight! Theed Flight, we’re going in for the target. Track them down Artoo!” Siege commanded.
Raid Two made a sharp ninety degree turn to the left while his entire Keren Flight broke formation like a panicked flock of Twirrls, a carnivorous, mammalian falconoid species, native to Naboo. The rebels fired wildly at them, more for the sake of firing than hitting.
Adin smiled, he could now read the fighting style of his enemies by that simple reaction to their spreading out. He could now feel the general flow of their encounter and his innate reflexes is beginning to take over his usual methodical style.
Adin suddenly made a tight loop that startled his own droid, that same moment three proton torpedoes shot past where his ship was and detonated on two of other incoming enemy fighters.
He checked out the readouts on his console, the Patriot’s ragtag squadron consists of battered and overly modified heaps of old model Corellian and Kuat starfighters, he even spotted five Manda Motors vintages in the fray. These enemy ships may sport thick hulls and shielding and better firepower than their Nubian N1 Starfighters but his men were better pilots than these lowlife thugs that claim to be the true patriots of the entire Chommell Sector.
He felt, more than saw, his wingman taking a direct hit from the attacking ships ahead, with deft precision and speed he angled his ship to block his wingman that forced the other to make an involuntary bank sideways to avoid collision. That quick thinking on his part caused an ion blast to hit his shield with a following proton torpedoes to explode on his fuselage.
Raid Two ejected himself and his droid, his vac-suit automatically sealing off his helmet and activating its oxygen reserve, their beacon kicked in. His droid R2-E6 used its side boosters to reach his floating chair and clamped it on its cylindrical body. The droid then steered him away from the battle, a click behind them, Adin’s wingman had finished off his attackers and were now making the turn to retrieve him.
You should join the Jedi Order. Adin heard his friends’ voices. They always tell him that whenever he made inhuman maneuvers in their every mission. “They won’t take me. I’m way too old to be trained.” He muttered to himself, it was his typical retort at them.
“Raid Two, I got you, try to make do with my compartment for the meantime.” his wingman Raid Four said through their radio.
“Just don’t take too long. I don’t want to wake up with backaches!” Adin chuckled as he and R2-E6 make their way into the compartment under the ship of Raid Four.
“It means you’re getting old, admit it!” laughed Raid Four.
“Only Fambaas gets old!” he retorted.
Out of nowhere a dark beat-up Corellian YT-1100 flew past them, Raid Four’s starfighter erupted into flames. None of them even manage to scream as they were vaporized to oblivion.
* * *
“Sometimes I wonder if I am the right person for this job.” Padmé sigh as Aluva brushes her hair and the other handmaidens go about preparing her bed and sleeping robe.
“You honor me with your trust milady. Such thoughts must not be uttered in the presence of others. People may get the wrong impression.” Aluva hesitantly said.
“And you comfort me with your understanding.” Padmé turn to regard the only non-Naboo handmaiden. “Or are you just patronizing me?”
“I hardly understand you dilemma, as a commoner I could only imagine it. And no milady, I am not patronizing you, Eirtaé might.” Aluva grinned at the handmaiden that was preparing her bed.
“I’ll do no such thing!” Eirtaé playfully throws a pillow on Aluva.
“Oh Eirtaé, challenging a native of Emberlene to a pillow fight is a bad idea.” Padmé chuckled.
“Why is it so my Queen?” Eirtaé asked as she dodged the same pillow that Aluva picked up and threw back at her.
“It’s because we throw the entire bed instead of just the pillows.” Aluva abandoned her brush and jumped on Eirtaé dropping her on the Queen’s bed.
“Oh my! Stop that! Her Majesty might take offence!” Rabé gasped in shock as Aluva tortures Eirtaé by tickling her sides.
“Let them be Rabé, we’re all alone here on my chamber, no need for formalities.” Padmé was clutching her stomach as she laughs watching the two other handmaidens roll on her bed.
“Aluva, Eirtaé, stop this at once!” Saché scoffed sternly at them. Even Rabé and Yané had abruptly stopped laughing.
“Alright, fun’s over, we don’t want to aggravate Saché won’t we?” Padmé nodded at Rabé who went to her to finish combing her hair.
Aluva and Eirtaé stopped and bit back their giggles as they fix the bed sheets that they ruined.
Yané dimmed the lights as Saché made the last adjustments on the fire place before returning to her position by the door and waited for the rest of the handmaidens to rejoin her.
Rabé finished combing the queen’s hair and went to stand beside Eirtaé as the young queen stood up and courteously dismissed them for the night.
The handmaidens piled out of the royal bedchamber with Saché taking the last and closing the blastdoor behind her leaving Padmé alone.
Padmé did not went to bed, instead she went to the wall on the left side of the fire place and twisted the glowlamp to the left, that section of the stone wall slid to the side and she slipped in. On the other room was a series of ultra-secured computer terminals complete with secure holonet connection from Chommell Sector to Coruscant.
Padmé sat on her working table and opened her console and started opening the files regarding the Chommell Patriots. She glanced at her chronometer and allowed herself a full hour before going to sleep.
The first file was about Alle Vomm, one of the original founders of the Chommell Patriots. Glancing on the detailed report she has acquired regarding this particular rebel/terrorist, Padmé surmised it would take her full hour reading about this man alone.
With a deep sigh Padmé began reading the files and seriously hoped she finds something that would give her answers to these past series of attempts not just on her but on the questionable death of the real Ars Veruna.
* * *
Lieutenant Siege struggled to steady his starfighter as they enter the turbulent atmosphere of Rori. He was the only one left of Theed Flight, the enemy fleet had overwhelmed them. “Of all the places in this moon, they had to go straight into this ion storm!” Siege shouted. Artoo’s shrill was inaudible compare to the fiery noise of burning oxygen as they rip through atmosphere and into the chaotic maelstrom of a violent and massive ion storm that were now raging across the southern region of Rori.
All of the alarms blared simultaneously and Artoo strained himself to deactivate them and at the same time help Siege steady their ship, but after passing through the atmosphere, their flight only got worse as vicious ion charged lightning crisscrossed their downward path. The combined thick hazy storm clouds and gale force winds blowing from almost every direction made visibility impossible. Their sensors were in complete disarray and so they were flying blind.
“How long will this…” Siege shouted at the top of his lungs at Artoo when they finally shot out of the dark ion storm and into a windy mountain range.
Siege screamed in terror as a thick massive wall of granite came out of the dissipating fog mere meters before them. Artoo took over and made an astonishing turn, barely missing the cliff face with only a foot. Their shields crackled as the invisible ray made contact with granite and then they were over the mountain and were now cruising in reduced speed.
“…take.” Siege finished his sentence and felt a lump forming in his throat.
Artoo beeped a quip.
“Damn right if I throw up here! Remind to do puke on you when we land!” Siege tried very hard not to be sick.
 Artoo chirp an unmistakable laugh.
“Shut up.” Siege groaned and slump his head on the console.
Artoo beeped in a more serious tone.
“Have you found them yet?”
Artoo’s insistent bleeps made Siege look out of the canopy ahead of them.
The site froze him in shock.
A single massive Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship’s center-sphere sat like an egg between the surrounding mountain ranges, using its walls and the thick storm clouds above to hide it presence from Naboo’s planetary sensors.
Artoo slowly turn their ship away and landed inside a large cave behind one of the mountain walls. When their sensors finally recovered from the ion bombardment, they finally found the beep of their target, it was entering the battleship.
“By the Seven! What are we going to do now?” Siege climbed out of the N1 starfighter and heaved on the side. Artoo flew out from his cache and landed slowly behind him.
Artoo moaned in uncertainty.
“We still have an hour, check the compartment, and see what explosives we have.” Siege said as he began to unpack his cooking tools and prepare for a quick meal.
Artoo complied and rummage through the compartment and started making an inventory as his human partner eat his meal. It will be Artoo’s longest hour yet.
* * *
The Sith Infiltrator Scimitar emerged from hyperspace activated its cloaking device before the nearby space station manage to detect the ship’s presence.
Lord Maul eased his ship to one of the less frequented part of the space station. The Bogg-Tseh orbital space station just at the edge of Cron Drift was one of the leading subcontractors of Damask Holdings, recently it has been bought by a dummy corporation rumored to be from one of the wealthiest business tycoon in the Corporate Sector, but there are fifty other stories in regards to the alleged identity of the true owner of this station. None of them was true of course.
It is owned by his Master, Darth Sidious.
The docking bay was empty. Not even the service lights were on, not a droid stirred, not a single diode blinks. It was been that way, and Lord Maul prefers it because it enhance the appearance of being abandoned, unused.
The rest of the Bogg-Tseh crew and daily populace ignore this section of the space station. Holosigns in Aurebesh, Mando’a, Huttese and fifty other popularly used languages were fixed at the corridor serving as the boundary between the active part of the space station and the ‘abandoned’ section.
Lord Maul emerged from his ship, locked-it by remote and made his way through the pitch black darkness to the nearest turbolift that would take him to the labyrinthine upper levels that leads to the well hidden office that was under the name of a political leader from Kardara.
His comlink beeped, it was a long range transmission from Naboo to his Scimitar and was retransmitted to him. A voice spoke at him and Darth Maul answered, “Commence Red Pool.” then cut the connection.
Darth Maul entered a room, it was dark but he could feel another presence, barely there, like a ghost.
A ten foot holographic face with black hood loomed before the Zabrak. The semi-transparent blue hue of the projected image was the only source of illumination within the office.
Darth Maul knelt by the transmission platform, his weight triggered the send signal and within almost a second the larger image spoke.
“Lord Maul you have done well. I have a new task for you. I need you to find several items of great value to me. She will provide you with the details and she will take over our agenda with those stunted charlatans. Once you have collected everything in that list meet with me on Korriban.” his master commanded.
“She?” Maul frowned but the transmission has already ended and emerging from the darkness before him was a strange woman yet seemingly familiar.
“Lord Maul, I should start to get used to that title.” her soft melodious voice froze the Zabrak from where he was kneeling. The familiarity of it shocked him to disbelief.
“You…” Maul gasped. She was humanoid and her beauty was beyond compare, at least as far as Maul knows of the opposite sex, which was narrow. Her goddess like beauty was marred only with a distinctive scar at the left corner of her bloody red lips. Her tattoos on her arms and legs were similar to his, her supple pearly white skin were a stark contrast to the hardly noticeable battle hardened muscles underneath.
She wore a dark Sith robe and at her waist were a pair of ancient looking lightsabers with no activation button. She was heterochromia, her left eye is of icy blue and her right eye is fiery red. She has this perceptible canine that constantly peeks through her closed little mouth, one of the only evident signs of her Cathar origin aside from her sharp claws.
“Sarc! It can’t be, you… you’re dead. When I returned to Dathomir, Mother Talzin told me, the Nightsisters blamed me for your death …” Maul finally managed to say.
“You will now address me as the Lady Sarc Crimos, Lord Maul. Skinny Sarc is dead! She fell when that bull attacked her and her friends. She died when the only person she ever trusted naively abandoned her and broke a promise. A promise that he will take her with him away from the cruel ways of the Nightsisters.” she snarled bitterly at him.
Maul slowly got up and started to walk towards her but she stopped him with her accusing gaze.
“Hold back your questions my old friend, now is not the time for answers. Here is the list,” Sarc tossed him a datacard, “There are twelve items there in a form of riddles, the location of each is also within the riddles. Obtain the wrong one and our Master will be very disappointed.”
Maul ignored her and rushed to engulf her on a tight embrace.
She allowed him that much but shortly she slowly pushed him back.
“You are to learn the ways of the Sith, Lord Maul, this will only distract you. Focus!” she slapped him hard he tasted blood. Her deadly sharp claws had made its mark on his left cheek.
“You are right… Lady Crimos.” Maul finally said stiffly.
“I will now go to Naboo to finish off their new queen and make sure that our Neimoidian allies will do things as they are told.” She said to him.
“The Jedi will be there at the coronation.” Maul said.
“Better then. I have been itching to kill Jedi.” She grinned.
“You don’t understand, those will not be mere Jedi Knights, those are the Jedi Council.” Maul warned her.
“You doubt my skills?” the Lady Crimos narrowed her heterochromatic eyes at him.
Darth Maul stepped back as her lightsabers floated up to her hands and was ignited. One was blue and the other red, a match to her eyes.
Before Maul could speak she swung her blades at him. Maul snarled and leaped back a few meters away and took out his double lightsaber. Crimson beams hissed out from each end and the Zabrak began spinning it.
“This is not the same as our broadsword sparring.” Maul hissed.
“I know. You never won against me anyways.” the Lady Crimos snarled.
“This time I will.” Maul charged and the Lady Crimos sprang to meet him in mid-air.

Chapter 6: Morning Fireworks

“Artoo, can you contact our pilots out there?” Siege asked his partner as he prepares their trek down the mountain into the swamps below toward the enemy battleship.
Artoo moaned a negative, the ion storm above are still preventing him to reach the others.
“Very well, just loop the hailing signal and have it re-transmitted to my comlink the moment someone answers back. Remember to keep the frequency on our squadron channel only. We wouldn’t want the Trade Federation combing down the entire moon for us.” Siege said as he made one last check on the equipments in his backpack, belt and pockets.
“Do you see how these mountain ranges seem to be connected with each other and how they surround the rainforest below? See the slopping sides and how similar they are at each other as if they were contours of a giant basin?” Hoff slowly points to Artoo from their left side across the great distances and how the mountains did seem to create an engulfing ring at the edges of the entire forest.
“Adjust your sensors for atmospheric content. This area hints a faint trace of sulfur. I think this was once a volcanic crater hundreds of years ago.” Hoff helped Artoo pick its way through the uneven and sometimes treacherous rocky mountain edges.
The slopping drop of the mountain’s side was craggy and hazardous for Artoo, almost most of the time he was being lifted or carried by Siege who never seem to complain about it, which makes Artoo grateful for the lieutenant.
When the path was too arduous for the pilot to carry Artoo, the little droid uses his side boosters to fly over the rocks, ravines and cracks on the mountain. As the snow recedes, the trees grew thick until they were out of the mountain’s feet and were now laboriously clearing their way through the damp darkening jungle.
Artoo was forced to ‘walk’ in the thick jungle bed, with all the mixture of clay, mud, feces, leaves, twigs and who knows what else, using his wheels results in getting caught on long leaves or veins that get tangled in his three wheeled robotic feet. Siege patiently halts to remove the leaves and veins and slowed his pace to allow Artoo to keep up.
“How close are we now to the swamps?” Siege finally asked after a full hour since they left the cave.
Artoo checked his sensors and beeped a reply.
“Half a click, alright Artoo wait here. Keep your comlink open in case I have to call for you.” Siege said and darted into the foliage before Artoo could even protest.
Artoo moaned silently, his sensors have been detecting fauna the moment they entered the forest and it has been alarmingly increasing and moving towards them. High about the thick canopy of branches and leaves the sunlight barely reaches them, Artoo could hear various cries and noises of insects and avian and tree dweller creatures from above them. Here and there something would startle flying insects. A vicious roar would echo in the distant darkness and would be answered by another on the opposite side.
Artoo checked his internal chronometer. It has been three hours now since Lieutenant Hoff Siege has taken him from Captain Ric Olié’s care which means the coronation starts in four hours. It’ll be eight Standard Time Parts now on Naboo, which means they are running out of time. Artoo was curious to witness the coronation of Queen Amidala and he was no intention of missing it even if he has to fly himself into the Trade Federation’s ship and destroy it on his own just to get the job done quickly. Artoo paused and reprimanded himself that it is such a very irresponsible attitude even for a brand new astromech droid.
Artoo was trying to figure out how they could travel through the swamp faster without him having to use his booster or the lieutenant carrying his heavy bulk when the pilot emerged from where he had left.
“Let’s go!” he smiled.
Artoo followed Hoff into a clearing, before them were the fog, bog, muck and moss infested swamp country of the moon Rori. Down the slope on the water was a raft made out of branches and sticks tied in roots and tough veins.
“This ought to speed us up a little, hop in!” Hoff beckoned him as he boarded his makeshift raft and took a long arm-thick trunk with roots at the tip that would serve as the paddle.
Artoo whistled and flew onto the raft. Their combined weight held and Hoff started paddling off the bank and into the murky waters, carefully avoiding submerged roots. The fog thickens as they go deeper into the swamp. Their pace was cautiously slow because Hoff has to strain to see ahead through the thick haze and steer off on constant obstacles on their path.
Artoo calculated their distance to the Trade Federation ship and computed that in their current speed they will arrive there in an hour. Siege asked Artoo how long will it take to reach their destination and the astromech answered his every question.
“One hour is too long.” Siege sat in deep thought and resume paddling.
Artoo tried to think of a solution but the lieutenant beat him to it.
“I got an idea!” Hoff grinned like a naughty school boy.
Artoo beeped an inquiry at him.
“Watch and learn Artoo. Watch and learn.” Siege smiled at him. He took his blaster from its holster and fired the cable wire on the farthest tree within the range limit of his line ahead of them. The grappling hook punched into the trunk, Hoff pulled to test its tautness then activated the reverse of the cable wire. Bracing himself and Artoo, their raft began to move faster as the cable wire was reeled in by Hoff’s blaster.
When they reached the trunk, Hoff pulled it off, reinserted it on the smaller nozzle of his blaster and shot the tree afar. Throughout their progress Hoff repeated the method until they reached a sharp turn and Artoo informed him that they should go on foot now straight ahead.
Hoff helped Artoo off the raft and together they traversed the remaining kilometer. If not for the thick foliage and the massive trees that blocked the sunlight and the sky above they would have seen the looming globe ship directly in front of them.
A few more minutes and they encountered a clearing littered with crushed and burnt woods, trees and animals. A hundred meters before them stood the globe ship that towered like an obese skyscraper in the middle of the jungle.
Artoo warned him that perimeter sensors were all over the base of the ship and is most probably detecting him right now. Hoff tensed and raised his blaster but Artoo assured him that his heat signature will only register as one of the constant presence of local fauna.
Artoo then asked the big question.
“I go inside, find the power generators and plant these thermal detonators, set the timer and leave.” Hoff said.
Artoo swiveled his dome taking in on the length of the ship then hooted another question.
“That I haven’t figured out yet. I was hoping you’d help me on that part.” Hoff Siege admitted.
If Artoo had eyeballs he would have rolled it by now.
Artoo shushed Hoff and made a quick cursory scan of the perimeter and of the immediate interior of the globe ship. Hoff waited expectantly until Artoo started to lay out the plan he estimated would work better.
Hoff listened intently and made a few questions and suggestions until the two finally agreed on the detailed plan.
At that moment, Lieutenant Siege’s comlink beeped and he answered it.
“Raid Lead, we got your message! We’re going in!” cried out the unmistakable voice of Raid Three, the leader of Moenia Flight exclaimed.
“No wait, listen to me first!” Siege called out and when Raid Three acknowledged, Siege carefully laid out he and Artoo’s plan and warned them of the danger awaiting them in their descent.
“Alright Artoo, let’s do it. Let me know when you’re in.” Siege said to his partner and they parted ways. The lieutenant ran on the east side of the grounded globe ship while Artoo labored his way to its western wall.
Hoff checked his thermal detonators and took three from his pack then gathered momentum and hurled each of the bombs as far as he could to the bulk of the warship. He had set the thermal detonators to explode upon impact. His aim and throw were good and the first bomb exploded on the exposed massive landing claw. The second and third bomb impacted on the lower hull causing enough damage to alert whoever was inside the massive globular Trade Federation battleship.
On the other side of the ship Artoo spotted a ramp lowering down to allow a number of B1 droids riding on STAPs, droidekas and half a squadron of starfighter droids to descend and proceed to the site of explosion and investigate.
Artoo quickly rolled up the ramp after the last B1 droid left. Another number of B1 battle droids milled about the chamber but ignore Artoo thinking he was one of them.
Artoo silently blew a whistle and continued rolling deeper into the labyrinthine complex. He spotted a terminal link up and went straight at it and protruded his scomp link and inserted it on the socket.
The A.I. prompted Artoo of the nature of his inquiry and the astromech informed the computer that he had just came out from his regular memory wipe and wanted to update his mapping systems.
The A.I. processed his request and then allowed him access to the holographic schematics of the entire Lucrehulk-class battleship. Artoo hurriedly downloaded the data and at the same time deftly uploaded a N36 computer virus into the Trade Federation ship’s A.I. The N36 was a special sabotage programming created by the Naboo Royal Engineering technicians, it was designed to be invisible to almost all current anti-virus detection software for at least a full thirty minutes which by the time it can be detected it would already be too late. Within twenty minutes upon infection the virus will render the A.I. and the entire computer grid of the ship unresponsive to manual commands and overrides. It will also ruin the automated functions of the A.I. making it in all terms and description, useless. Unfortunately, it was a one-time program only. Once the astromech droid deploys that virus, the droid can never do the same trick again unless it receives another upload of the same program from NRE, but that too was impossible now because the only person who can program it was dead, Lienn Entarrie, and he left no copy in the NRE database upon his termination.
Artoo checked his internal map of the ship and marked the power generators as his target. Leaving the console, Artoo proceeded to his next step.
On his way to the power generator Artoo spotted a Neimoidian running in escort by several battle droids into a battered Corellian frigate. Artoo’s facial recognition identified the Neimoidian as Hath Monchar. Artoo took a recording of his escape as he sped away just in case it might be needed later.
Artoo found the power generator complex deep in the battleship’s interior and was relieved to see no guards stationed there. Then Artoo halted and re-assessed the situation. His human-like programming in battle tactics warned him that this is a typical set-up for a trap.
Artoo decided to make a cursory scan of the entire chamber for droid signature and he instantly detected three dozens of them hiding from various machineries throughout the power generator complex.
Artoo looked around for something he might find useful when he spotted another console terminal. Another idea came to his oddly creative mind and Artoo went and jack himself into the terminal. He issued a recall order for all battle droids within the chamber and within microseconds the A.I. complied and sent the recall order. The thirty six battle droids and droidekas mechanically moved out of their hiding places and marched out of the chamber passing directly at Artoo and ignoring him at all.
Artoo hooted a goodbye to the marching droids as he hurried towards the lined columns of power generators. One by one Artoo planted the thermal detonators he was carrying and set the detonation to remote.
Once finished, Artoo dashed as fast as he could out of the battleship.
Outside, Lieutenant Hoff Siege manage to snatch a Single Troop Aerial Platform or STAP from one of the B1 Battle droids and were now being chased by a dozen STAP riders.
Siege made a sharp turn barely avoiding a massive branch ahead of him and reached for his comlink and called Artoo.
“Artoo you done yet?” he shouted over the noise of repulsor engine and the blaster bolts whizzing past him.
Artoo hooted a reply at him.
“Good job, meet me back up on the cave, I needed to lose my tails first!” Siege told Artoo.
Artoo chirped an acknowledgement.
The droidekas were also chasing him but they were far behind due to the uneven terrain of the thick jungle plus the constant presence of little swamps throughout the foliage. Above the high canopy of branching leaves Siege could hear the whining engines of droid starfighters circling overhead tracking his STAP’s signal.
Siege still has at least three thermal detonators left. He made a quick glance and saw four of his pursuers gaining. He activated the magnetic brace of his first thermal detonator and threw it behind him. The bomb attached itself to the nearest metal and then detonated taking with it the four battle droids and their STAPs.
Eight was left and he still has two of the bombs. Again he waited until four of the droids were close to each other before throwing out his second bomb. Siege cried out in victory but the last four increased their speed and reached him, paralleling his flight. With two of them on each of his side they flanked him and matched his speed and they all aimed their blaster rifles at him.
“Uh oh.” Siege felt his mind reeled but he still have one trick up his sleeves and he wasted no time and executed it.
The moment the droid raised their rifles he took out his blaster, switched to cable and shoot the first tree that sped past him and as the cable tugged him off his STAP he released the last of his detonator and it attached itself on his STAP and exploded.
The close proximity of the explosion threw Siege off and he was alert enough to let go of the blaster or he would have smashed like an insect on one of the thick trunks of the trees around him. Siege fell on the bushed but the thick leaves and the soft mud cushioned his fall.
Siege reached on his belt to call Artoo but his comlink wasn’t there, it must have fallen off during his stumble. Siege walked the rest of the way and after an hour of making wrong turns and retracing his route he came out of the woods and into the rising slope of the mountain.
Then two droid starfighters came from above and circled around to bear their cannons on him. Siege froze thinking it was his end when the first droid starfighter exploded and as the other one tried to reorient itself on the new threat it too was destroyed.
Lieutenant Hoff Siege’s N1 Starfighter hovered a few meters before him and made a soft landing. Behind the empty cockpit Artoo swiveled his dome and whistled at him.
“Great shot Artoo, but don’t get cocky!” he smiled and climbed at his ship.
Siege and Artoo climbed up as the rest of the droid starfighters made the attempt to follow them but a number of N1 Starfighters suddenly burst out from the ion storm and fired at the trailing enemy ships.
“Yihaa!” Siege cheered as his surviving team made a tight formation around him.
“Look! It’s a Trade Federation warship!” cried out one of the pilots.
“Look at the size of that thing!” exclaimed another one.
“Cut the chatter, we’re leaving!” Siege, back as Raid Lead ordered.
Artoo whistled at him.
“Alright Artoo, do the honors.” Siege said.
Behind them as they enter the ion storm, the massive grounded Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship exploded.
Moments after they were out of the atmosphere of Rori and into the blackness of space, Raid Squadron regrouped and headed home to Naboo.
“Raid Squadron, we still have two hours to get cleaned up, eat breakfast and refuel, we have a Coronation to attend!” Lieutenant Hoff Siege announced.
Behind them at the far side of Rori, a single Corellian freighter jumped into hyperspace.

Chapter 7: A Clone’s Fate, an Animal’s Hate

Five hours earlier, back in Theed, Captain Magneta and Lieutenant Panaka along with two other Palace Guards have taken the clone of King Veruna into the rarely used Interrogation Cell in the Palace Detention Building. The authenticated data provided by Artoo Detoo were reinforced by the recovered datachips from the Mootoo Cave ruins.
The Queen personally gave the initial interrogation on the captive clone but the prisoner only gave them vague details of the actual murder of the real King Veruna. Then she left Magneta to take over.
“Speak clone, who created you? Who is behind all this?” Magneta scowled in annoyance at the unresponsive captive.
The clone of King Veruna only stared at him with a smirk. It was a trademark of its original. Magenta would have back-off from that smirk from the original Veruna, but not to this one. The idea of copying his former king infuriated him. The clone was a powerful slap on his integrity, responsibility and honor. The clone in front of him is a tangible reminder of his failure as Captain of Naboo Security, as loyal citizen of Naboo and as a personal friend.
Veruna’s little sojourn in the jungles a month ago was approved by him. He allowed the King his regular hunting trip, securing only the outskirts of the entire forest. The former and late king had specifically instructed him to stay off of the jungle until his return.
He was so confident with his security arrangements that he agreed to let the king go in alone in the forest armed only with a projectile rifle to hunt for a zalaaca. Hours passed and the king was never found. Magneta led a search party that lasted a week until the king was found slightly injured and unconscious in one of the deeper caves with a carcass of zalaacas beside him.
Magneta’s personal investigation led him to conclude that base on King Veruna’s testimony he shot his fifth zalaaca but was attacked by a narglatch in the cave. He was scratched by the beast but he shot it and the narglatch fled. He dragged his zalaacas deeper inside the cave to process it for trophy and meat but his wounds rendered him weak which resulted to fainting and suffer a week long comma.
Magneta believed the king and he had no reason to doubt him. Now, learning that the thing he found on the cave was not the real Veruna but a lowly clone, Magneta felt insulted and shamed for not recognizing the real from a clone. Panaka tried to ease his frustration by stating that not one of them could have possibly known it was a clone. Magneta ignored his Lieutenant’s patronizing, for him he has lost face and worse, failed his king.
Magneta punched the clone to vent out his rage and supplicate his wounded pride.
Panaka’s comlink beeped and he stepped out to take the call. Moments later Panaka burst open the cell door.
“Captain, space patrol spotted a Neimoidian ship coming out of the South Pole and bearing towards Rori!” Panaka exclaimed.
“Handle it. I need to see this through.” Magneta said absently, Panaka doubt the captain had even grasped the import of this news.
“Yes sir!” Panaka left and started calling their squadron pilots.
“Guards, what will about to happen in this room must stay in this room, understand?” Magneta said menacingly at his remaining two companions.
“Yes Captain!” the pair of guards chorused.
Magneta left and when he returned, hovering with him was an IT-O9 interrogator droid prototype, a brother of the one owned by Riboga the Hutt. Such droids were illegal to the Republic. This one though was confiscated by Magneta during one of their raid against the Chommell Patriots in Keren City. King Veruna had ordered him to forge the documents of its decommissioning and keep the prototype hidden in case they may have use of such device in the course of their campaign against the self-proclaimed Chommell Patriots.
“Ironic isn’t it? To use this very droid that King Veruna had me kept to use against a prisoner to talk, which in this case, you, his clone.” Magneta said and spat on the clone’s foot.
“Alright, fine, I’ll talk.” the clone finally said but his voice were a bit hushed that Captain Magenta had to lean forward and down at his prisoner.
“What?” Magneta frowned.
The clone shot out his bound hands and rammed its steely fingers on the neck of Magneta who staggered back choking. The pair of guards raised their blasters and aimed but the clone leaped into the table, sprang up and slapped both blasters as the guards pulled the trigger. The green stun bolt hit squarely on each of the guards and they fell limp.
The clone casually kicked Magneta in the temples rendering him unconscious and then checked his pockets and finally retrieved a key and removed his binders. He took his time to bind the three at each other around the bolted metal table, locked them including the droid in the Interrogation Cell wherein he killed the power connection.
A single guard was outside and as the clueless guard turns around, the fist of the clone came at his face knocking him down. The clone changed his suit and took the uniform of the unconscious Palace Guard.
* * *
“My mother has this off-worlder friend. He is to take me away from this savage world. Mother says I will have a better life with him. I will talk to him, ask him to let me take you with us.” he said to her.
“You promise?” her sad gaze looked up at him.
“I always keep my promise.” he smiled at her.
“First we have to get rid of this bull.” she pointed at the huge rancor blocking their only exit.
“I can do that…”
Darth Maul blinked back as he found himself staring at that same set of eyes.
“Drifting in the middle of a fight are we?” the same voice in his thoughts mocked him. He looked at her, their blades locked in a contest of strength and force.
“You are a burden. I cannot have you, and you were supposed to be dead anyway.” Maul growled.
“I am a burden because I am a woman? You’re the one who is too eager to embrace me earlier, ah, the arrogance of men!” Sarc spat at his face and Force-shoved him.
Maul countered her with his own Force-shove and they both slammed on the opposite walls of the dark chamber.
Sarc moved with surprising speed and her blades were already coming down on his neck when Maul started to get up, he quickly swung up his weapon to intercept and her momentum made him take an involuntary step backward.
Maul snarled and made a series of swings and strikes to disarm her but she was quick to block and counter his every moves. The Dathomiri hybrid suddenly pivoted and swung wide for his head. Maul raised the lower end of his double-bladed lightsaber to block but her blue blade winked off for a second and as her movement made her hilt pass under his blade her weapon was reignited and nearly chopped his head off if he hadn’t reacted at once.
He felt the heat of the blade scorched his cheeks and grazed his cloak. Pain shot through his shoulder as a glancing blow nicked him. Maul staggered away to reorient himself but Sarc was already moving for the kill.
Unable to raise his blade defensively Maul released instead a concentrated Force-lightning at her. Sarc somehow seemingly anticipated that counter attack and simply crossed her blue and red blade to take in the impact of the electrified blast.
Maul shot out his left hand and Force-choked her. She lost her focus and his lightning went to her chest but her adrenalin was at its peak and she ignored the invisible pain constricting her larynx and dropped her lightsabers so she could also give the Zabrak the same trick.
Maul felt an unseen vise beginning to grip his throat and cutting off air from his lungs. Their eyes met; a pair of yellow-red to an odd pair of red and blue. Neither blinked nor gave up, both tightened each other’s chocking grip, Maul strained to maintain his hold and keep himself from fainting. She will not relent and he could see it in her orbs.
Then Sarc’s eyes glinted with a sudden insight and her lips formed a feral grin. Maul frowned and tried to figure out what she intends to do next.
Her other hand reach out to him and made a gripping gesture. Maul felt a sudden flood of immeasurable pain and lost his hold on her. He felt the pain originating from his heart. She is going to crush his heart!
Maul fell on his knees, screaming in rage and pain. The hold on his larynx increased adding further agony. Sarc slowly moved toward him and when her face was barely an inch from his, she kissed him on the lips.
His reflex was to kiss back, his mind wanted to hit her head with his but his body did not obeyed any of it, his muscles convulsed, his eyesight blurred, anytime now he know he will pass out and die.
“You are strong my love and powerful in many ways. But you lack cruelty. Learn how to kill those you love without compulsion only then can you be a formidable weapon of the Sith. You are a rancor of Dathomir, you are an animal.” the Lady Sarc stepped back and released her choke hold on him but not on his heart.
Maul panted, willing the dark side to protect him from the pain but unable. He tried to raise his head to look up at her and felt rage, anger, wrath.
His heart was engulfed with the dark side of the Force, slowly plucking off her invisible grip. Lady Sarc intensified her hold and Maul screamed and fell on the pavement, writhing.
Then she let go of him. The pain finally receded a little but lingered still.
“Remember Lord Maul, your heart is mine to crush, as you have crushed mine long ago.” the Lady Sarc picked up her lightsabers and clipped it back on her belt and back away until she faded in the darkness, her presence dissipated in Maul’s senses until there was not a trace of her was left.
Maul controlled his breathing and slowly got up on his feet.
He walked out of the chamber and into the transparisteel viewport in time to see a single sleek star cruiser shot out from one of the hangars and jumped to hyperspace.
Darth Maul rubbed his chest and his neck and gripped his lightsaber with intense hatred.
He hated his father for being such a lowly coward and a slave.
He hated his mother for submitting to the barbaric laws of the Nightsisters.
He hated his brothers for being too weak minded to see past the deception of their mother.
He hated his Master for continuously finding and exploiting his weaknesses.
He hated the Jedi for what they are.
He hated the Republic for their hypocrisy.
He hated her for returning to his life.
He hated himself for being weak.
Not again, not ever.
I am the rancor of Dathomir.
I am the demon of Iridonia.
I am the weapon of the Sith.
My name is Darth Maul, Dark Lord of the Sith.
“I am an animal.” Lord Maul said aloud, ending his mental litany of his personal hatred.
* * *
The steady streaming streaks of hyperspace in the cockpit viewport flowed in eerie hypnotic silence but the beauty and wonder of it were lost to the ship’s lone occupant.
The Lady Sarc Crimos sat at the captain’s chair staring at her clawed hands, her muscles shaking, her chest pounding, her thoughts racing.
“I almost killed him.” she groaned, tears rebelliously streaming down her cheeks.
Confront him, make him hate you and at the same time remind him of what you once were to him. Confuse him then leave him to his dilemma.
Those were the words of Lord Sidious, her new found employer and mentor.
It was cruel, but necessary.
Her thoughts wandered to the time when Maul was taken by Lord Sidious from her life.
She left the Nightsisters, wandered aimlessly at the lush wilderness of Dathomir, hunted for food and killed two bulls to survive. It was her first time to kill a bull alone, without Maul, or even the younger brothers Savage and Feral.
Then she found a massive ship, old and rusted. It was a relic of a forgotten past.
She walked around and above it, exploring, using the moonlight until she saw a small hole, being only eight years old she easily crawled her way in.
She saw living quarters, kitchens and other civilized amenities, furniture and objects. She knows such things because of the stories told her by her mother, a former half-Catharian slave dancer on Cathar who escaped and landed on Dathomir, a rancor attacked her, destroyed her ship. She was marooned and later on met the Nightsisters and learned their ways. She was also strong in the Force. When her mother was old enough to take a man, a half-Iegon half-Hapan Dark Jedi slave was given to her mother and their union gave birth to her.
She saw a soft bed inside the old ship and there she slept, the following morning, she continued her exploration and saw ancient holocrons. One she accidentally opened and a holographic recording of an alien Jedi Master appeared. She discovered she could interact with it and spent the next week learning from the holocrons. Her thirst for knowledge led her to smuggle the holocrons out and headed to a recluse Nightsister near the mountains.
The old witch was a Wookie, she knows of her because her mother used to take her there, they were old friends.
She showed her the holocrons and together they learned. Until a ship landed nearby, the Wookie witch told her it was a bounty hunter. The reason of him being there was obvious. Smokes were rising from the engines of his ship.
With the encouragement of the Wookie witch, Sarc sneaked into the ship and hid herself in one of the empty crates on the storage compartment.
She brought food and water and used her little knowledge on the Force and uses a Force-trance throughout the long travel.
When she felt the crate being carried out of the ship she waited and reached out to check if she was alone and when there was none nearby, she got out and found herself on a strange world.
She saw massive lumbering slug like creatures either slithering on the ground or reclining on repulsors, numerous alien species moved about everywhere and the stench of the place and its people was overpowering.
Sarc wandered until she met other children who recruited her to their little band of pick-pockets. She later on learned that these kids were managed by a criminal who works for a larger group called Black Sun.
Only a year since then, she grew accustomed to the lifestyle on Nar Hekka, one of the Hutt’s homeworlds. But her stay there are at an end as a Jedi came to confront her boss about Black Sun, a fight ensued and her boss and his retinue of guards fell to the blazing weapon of the Jedi.
She tried to defend her boss and use the Force against him. The Jedi was surprised at her powers and started to talk her into coming with him after he eliminated her boss.
His words were promising and his presence reassuring.
She was taken to the capital of the Republic, Coruscant as they call it and was presented to the Jedi Council. A diminutive green Jedi adamantly refused her to be trained.
The Jedi who found her left and took her off-world again, this time they went to a larger ship somewhat similar to the one she saw on Dathomir.
It was the Chu’unthor II and there she met Master Djinn Altis. Altis allowed her to be trained and the Jedi who discovered her became her master.
But the innate darkness in her was so strong and she found herself questioning the ways of her master and the Jedi Academy. She was sixteen when she left Chu’unthor II and return to her old ways, she became a thief, smuggler, bounty hunter all in one until she encountered a rich businessman who offered her a high paying job.
She became an assassin for both the Black Sun and Damask Holdings.
There her employer Hego Damask introduced her to a Sith Lord, Darth Sidious.
He trained her as a Sith Acolyte and during the course of her training she learned that Lord Sidious’ apprentice was Darth Maul.
Sidious told her he knew about her connection to Maul. He said that she is not to make her presence known to Maul until the right time comes. Sidious promised her that she will be reunited with him someday and that she is to play a very important part in the completion of his training to Sithhood.
Sarc Crimos opened her eyes and vividly recalls the hatred in Maul’s.
She knew then that her master was lying and telling the truth at the same time.
She will not be reunited with Maul.
But she will indeed play a huge part to his Sith ascendancy.
Deep inside she felt she will regret ever joining the Sith when her true purpose are finally revealed.
* * *
The clone of King Veruna darted straight into the quarters of the new monarch. He was met there by another pair of guards but the clone easily got rid of them.
The clone paused and took Magenta’s comlink and activated the palm holo.
The small yet chilling black hooded form of a tattooed Zabrak appeared.
“Request to execute ahead of schedule.” The clone hissed. Eyes alert for any incoming security personnel. None came at the moment.
“Commence Red Pool.” the Zabrak bared his teeth.
The clone closed the comlink and punched the codes to enter the quarters of the new queen. The blastdoor opened into another wide hallway with a computer console at the far end. No one was there.
Reaching the end of the hall the clone turned left and entered the queen’s bedroom. Saw the sleeping form of Padmé Naberrie on the blue silken robe and blanket. The clone raised the blaster and fired in full power with the setting set on kill. The bright red beam of the blaster tore through the bed leaving scorched fabrics, foam and wood killing the sleeping figure leaving a gaping hole in her cauterized belly.
The clone was momentarily blinded as the lights suddenly turned very bright in the bedroom and it felt a steely blow connected with a jarring impact on its nape. Before the clone could even react it was kicked in the left ribs sending him sprawling on the carpeted floor.
The tallest of the new queen’s handmaidens stood before the clone. Her eyes aflame with an unspoken threat, behind her comes the rest of the new handmaidens and Padmé Naberrie herself.
The clone leaped but the tall handmaiden swung a roundhouse kick and hit the other square on the chest sending him back sprawling from where he was.
The clone charged again the handmaiden matched his attack. The two sparred with quick blurry hand movements, each deadly to its intended targets but both were evenly match, they easily dodged, blocked and countered every punch, jab and chop they could deliver at each other.
One swift punch got through the clone’s defenses and connected hard on his left jaw. Padmé heard the loud crack of bones as the left jaw broke.
The clone spat blood and eyed the tall handmaiden with disbelief.
“You’re not a real handmaiden!” he muttered, his broken jaw made it even harder to speak and enunciate.
“And you are not the real Veruna.” the tall handmaiden grinned.
“I am Veruna! Every cell of it!” he countered.
“A clone nonetheless. If you must know, I am Aluva D’asima of Emberlene. I owe my life to Queen Amidala. That is all I am allowing you to know.” Aluva snarled contemptuously.
The clone started to say something but Aluva grabbed his collar, raised him over her and slammed him hard on the other corner of the room. The clone retaliated and the two was once again intertwined with each other, their seemingly erratic fighting techniques mixes with their cold, brutal precision.
They fought fiercely that way for the next twenty minutes until Captain Panaka arrived with several Palace Guards.
The clone dug his fingers on his hip into its flesh after he knocked Aluva off her feet. Then his fingers came out bloody holding a two inch capsule with led on it. Aluva and Panaka recognized the device.
“It’s a bomb!” Panaka exclaimed and unceremoniously grabbed Padmé and threw her down the outside room and place his body protectively over her, his eyes closed tightly expecting a powerful explosion. He looked up and saw Aluva advanced on the clone.
Aluva swung, grabbed the clone’s hand holding the small bomb detonator and shoved it into its mouth and then gave him an amazingly strong kick to the window. The clone plummeted down the cliff face side of the new queen’s room, a few seconds during the fall, the clone exploded.
Panaka stood up and helped Padmé on her feet and the two went to look out of the window. “What a way to go.” Panaka said.

Chapter 8: The Chancellor’s Decree

Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum sat on his bleak office, doing his best to maintain a calm disposition as he listens to the argument ensuing before him. Seated to his left side of the table were Sei Taria his loyal Spiran aide and the stern Chagrian aide Mas Amedda both holding their datapads and a stack of datacards while they stolidly observed the other guests in the Supreme Chancellor’s office.
Across the table were a group of senators and Jedi. Senators Palpatine of Naboo, Orn Free Taa of Ryloth, Passel Argente of Lethe Merchandising, Mon Mothma of Chandrila, Fang Zar of Sern Prime and Garm Bel Iblis of Corellia sat on the long sofa facing the Supreme Chancellor and heatedly debating about the assassination of the leaders of the Trade Federation almost a year ago and the objection of the new Neimoidian leaders on the on-going bill regarding the revision of taxations in trade routes.
The four Council members of the Jedi Order and one non-council Jedi Master stood on the right side of the seated senators offering insights and counter arguments whenever a question was directed at them or something is said that needed their interjection. Masters Yoda, Dooku, Mace Windu, Sifo-Dyas and Qui-Gon Jinn regarded the matter at hand with calmness and objectivity.
“I am telling you something is not right here. The leaders of the Trade Federation being assassinated has something to do with this stirring conflict in Naboo about this taxation amendment we are to vote for today. The murdered Viceroy and his ranking officers were supportive of the proposed taxation bill, now they have been succeeded by former Senator Nute Gunray whose ideals and stand in taxation laws are completely contrast to the stand of the former leaders of the Trade Federation. He has to have a hand in this.” Fang Zar argued.
“Choose your words carefully my friend. Accusing Viceroy Gunray without evidence is not what a respected senator like you should be uttering even in as private as this office.” the stout Twi’lek senator grunted.
“The Viceroy has every reason to oppose the bill. I for one openly agree with him. This proposal will only choke the economic progress throughout the Republic, the restrictions represented in this amendment will further lead to the decline of profits margin not only for the Trade Federation and Lethe Merchandising but also for the other giant corporations such as the InterGalactic Banking Clan, Commerce Guild and so on.” Passel Argente stated.
“The amendment will not destroy our economy. It will save us from plummeting down to economic chaos, the only reason these corporations were opposing this is because the bill itself has already limited their profits, and that this amendment will only increase that limitation. The smaller companies will greatly benefit because it will allow them equal opportunity that those larger business enterprises has been denying them for centuries.” Garm Bel Iblis countered.
“In the first place, the bill has already been passed by Senator Palpatine seven months ago. I don’t see the need to amend it.” Passel Argente protested.
“If I may, this word just came in. A small group of Naboo pilots has discovered a Trade Federation ship hiding in Rori. According to the report here, the ship was destroyed and a certain Hath Monchar is suspected to have died in the encounter there.” Senator Palpatine interjected, reading through his datapad.
“Hath Monchar is one of the heads of the Trade Federation. This will not look good to the newly crowned Queen of Naboo at all.” Master Sifo-Dyas said.
“The Trade Federation should never have been there in the first place.” Qui-Gon Jinn shook his head.
“The matter is unclear. There is another development as well, King Veruna turns out to be dead for a month now and the one we’ve been speaking to this past few weeks was a clone. The clone tried to assassinate the Queen around the same time the incident in Rori was taking place.” Palpatine added.
“The Trade Federation has gone too far this time!” Fang Zar growled.
“We don’t know that yet.” Passel Argente argued.
“The events in Naboo all ties up to them.” Garm Bel Iblis nodded at Fang Zar.
“What does the Neimoidian representatives say on this?” Mon Mothma asked, speaking for the first time.
“They do not know yet about these recent incidents.” Palpatine shook his head.
“So they say.” Fang Zar scoffed.
“We must dispatch a mediator to settle this conflict.” Orn Free Taa threw a pleading glance at Master Yoda.
“To the Trade Federation a Jedi has already been sent.” Yoda nodded solemnly.
“But the troubles are on Naboo. We should send Jedi there to protect the Queen, her coronation starts today, considering the past incidents, I believe whoever is responsible to those assassination attempts will not stop that easily. Someone clearly replaced King Veruna with a clone for a purpose. I could only imagine what the culprit would do once the clone was back to the throne. Naboo will fall under his control.” Mon Mothma implied.
“Agree with you the council does. Master Windu, emissaries to Naboo, who shall be?” Yoda turn to his Korun friend.
“Most of our Jedi have been dispatched elsewhere, a lot of crisis has been occurring across the galaxy recently…” Mace Windu mused.
“I will go.” Master Sifo-Dyas stated. “I don’t have an apprentice right now but… Master Dooku?” he turned to regard his old comrade.
“The entire council will be going to Naboo in a few hours but I can only stay there for the duration of the coronation, I have prior engagements after that.” Dooku shrugged.
“My padawan is on a peacekeeping mission to Anzat with Master C’baoth’s envoy, I will go with Master Sifo-Dyas.” Qui-Gon volunteered.
“You can’t stay long there as well. We are to reinforce our Jedi on Anzat.” Mace Windu reminded him.
“Then I guess we’ll have to solve it before the coronation ends.” Qui-Gon smiled.
“Persistent you are Master Qui-Gon. Solve it in only a few hours you can?” Yoda grinned.
“The revision of the taxation law will inhibit the monopoly of the Trade Federation in their sectors of operation. The fact that I have allowed them to build up their own private army because of that crisis with the Nebula Front terrorists has given them a dangerous capacity to impose their terms over their clients. It was my mistake to give them such resources. This amendment is intended to end their droid army production and induce the Trade Federation to allocate half of the control of their droid foundry to the Republic.” Valorum explained.
“You’re blackmailing them? Is this what has become of the Republic?” Passel Argente frowned at the Supreme Chancellor.
“I don’t think of it that way Senator Argente.” Palpatine went for the defense of the Chancellor. “The new Viceroy of the Trade Federation wasn’t there yet when the approval for their small army was ratified by the senate. Now that the involved Neimoidians were killed, Viceroy Nute Gunray and his henchmen have now full control of the production of their droid army in which I am personally alarmed.”
“The army is for the protection of the Trade Federation.” Senator Orn Free Taa said.
“It’s still a private army, and who would protect Naboo?” Bel Iblis countered.
“Do not forget the involvement of the Chommell Patriots in this.” Fang Zar smirked at Argente and Free Taa.
“My points exactly, it may very well be the doing of those terrorist group rather than the Trade Federation. Those rebels could be just distracting us from looking closely into their operations by blaming their attacks to the Trade Federation.” Passel Argente elaborated.
“According to Senator Palpatine, a certain Hath Monchar has been seen working with the Chommell Patriots. Hath Monchar is said to be a high ranking Trade Federation leader.” Mace Windu interjected.
“Then he’s the traitor, using his connections on the Trade Federation to aid those rebels. But he was dead already right, in that explosion on Rori?” Orn Free Taa shrugged.
“That is why I am going there to investigate, so I can give you all the answers to your questions.” Sifo-Dyas nodded.
“Chancellor, Senators, we shall take our leave now, we will discuss this further in the Council.” Mace Windu bowed to Valorum and nodded at the gathered Senators.
“Rush not into conclusions you must. Danger I sense in Naboo.” Yoda said as the Jedi strode out of the Chancellor’s office.
“What did he mean by that?” Orn Free Taa frowned in confusion.
“Senator Palpatine, do you think Viceroy Gunray will actually use his droid army?” Bail asked.
“I do not know but with the events going on in these past few days alone, I think this new Viceroy can be a problem for the Republic.” Palpatine sighed.
“It gives us all the more reason to settle this issue as soon as possible.” Garm Bel Iblis nodded.
“Chancellor Valorum, the Senate will be in session in a few minutes.” Sei Taria politely interrupted them.
“Very well, senators, my friends, let’s get moving.” Supreme Chancellor Valorum stood up. The other senators piled out of the office as Sei Taria and Mas Amedda discusses the final details to the leader of the Galactic Republic.
* * *
Adnara Prime, Outer Rim borders.
Darth Maul watched in silent trepidation at the dark green globe and its seven moons. This is the location of the first item on his list.
Verdant as the offal bowels of realm of the tree-dwellers and the plant-tenders and barren as the ruins of ancient valley of our forefathers, contrasting landmarks home to the cold nest of the brethren. Recover the symbol of supremacy and gain the eyes of gods.
Lord Maul was unfamiliar with the origin of the riddle, but if his master deemed it important of his notice and Maul’s time then it has to be found at all costs.
His shameful defeat against Sarc wounded him far deeper than any physical pain his life has ever thrown at him. His pride shattered, his ego bleeding and his understanding improved. It was another lesson to him by his master, through the use of Sarc Crimos.
Maul shook his straying thoughts off of her and focused on the riddle. His conclusion seemed sound enough for him. The riddle mentions a forest as lush and deadly at the jungles of Kashyyyk and Ithoria. He knew that because ‘tree-dwellers’ are the Wookies and ‘plant-tenders’ were the Ithorians. The ancient valley of their forefathers was in no doubt Korriban therefore the world he must seek both has jungles and barren regions. Home to the cold nest of the brethren, Maul could only think of one thing that makes sense, the Yn Brethren, an ancient cult of reptoids in the Adnaran Sector. From what he knows of Sith legends, the old Kings of the Sith Imperium of Adnara posses what they called the Staff of Vision.
Recover the symbol of supremacy and gain the eyes of gods.
Adnara makes all sense and now he is here.
Maul activated the cloaking device and made his way to the planet ahead of him.
The Dark Side of the Force is too strong in this sector. Somehow, he knew this will not be easy at all.
* * *
“Countess Feena, you are cleared for planet fall. Please follow the landing coordinates being transmitted to your navicomputer. Welcome to Naboo.” A soothing male voice informed her.
The Lady Sarc Crimos slumped back on her chair and set the ship to autopilot on the given coordinates. According to the local holonews, the honor guests from Coruscant have not yet arrived. Sarc smiled and clicked her claws. It would be a huge deal for her if she could slay the entire Jedi Council and even the Supreme Chancellor himself after she kills the Queen of Naboo.
It wasn’t exactly what her master requires of her to do but nevertheless, she was never exactly the type to give a Ranat’s tail about following orders to the letter. She is a rogue. She abandoned the Nightsisters, turned her back to Black Sun, betrayed the Jedi Order and that doesn’t faze her at all if she cross the Sith. It was in her nature to defy.
Lord Sidious admitted it himself. He knows what a loose cannon she really is. Yet the Sith Lord continues to tolerate her erratic form of servitude. She still has value in him.
The Lady Sarc was no fool either. She knows that when she outlive her usefulness the Sith will have her killed, most likely by his apprentice.
And she knows perfectly how to manipulate Darth Maul.
* * *
The blastdoor silently slid open and a silhouette tiptoed out and across the marble flooring of the wide Royal corridor. Before that figure could reach the next turn a hooded form appeared and blocked the way.
“By the Maker! You startled me!” the queen gasped as she recognized the figure standing in her way.
“You Majesty, you’re supposed to be resting. You still have an hour’s sleep.” Aluva D’asima said as she accompanied the queen back to her quarters.
“I woke up with that sudden sense of fear, it was as if danger was about to spring itself out of the shadows of my curtains.” Amidala explained.
“I will keep you safe Your Majesty. I am your bodyguard and the women of Emberlene never shy from danger. I will protect you with my life.” Aluva assured her.
Amidala sat on the edge of her bed while Aluva locked the blastdoor, checked the windows and went to pour her a glass of water, “Aluva, can I ask you about one thing?” Amidala looked at her bodyguard.
“Anything Your Highness, you need not ask for permission.” Aluva bowed.
“What is it that you keep in that box of yours, the one you convinced Captain Magneta to have placed in my bed chamber?” Amidala glanced at the secret wall entrance.
Aluva smiled and moved to that side of the wall and touched a particular tile. The marble wall slid to the inside and she stepped in, when she emerged she was carrying a long box.
Amidala nodded at her and Aluva placed it on the queen’s bed and opened it with her thumbprint. The top hatch opened and Aluva removed the item inside it. Amidala looked at the object with a mixture of amazement and curiosity; “An ancient sword, I trust there is a story behind that weapon.” the queen smiled at her.
“There is, Your Highness.” Aluva nodded, the queen tapped the bed and the handmaiden sat beside her and began her story.
“This is a cortosis sword dating back to the ancient days of the Jedi Order when the Republic was but an infant. Our legend says that this sword belongs to Master Csafin Et’rairu the great ancestor of the Emberlene Jedi Enclave during the Hundred Year Darkness.”
“Legend has it that when a faction of the Predatrine Imperium invaded our sector, Master Et’rairu led his people to fight them off. It was a costly battle but Csafin fought to the last warrior and was said to have died last. The people of Emberlene took his sword and honored his sacrifice. They burned him at Mount Emba and renamed the mountain to Et’rairu, the family that carries the sword made their home at the foot of the mountain.”
“Through time the settlement below grew into a sprawling city, Uval, named after the man who first carried the sword for safekeeping. Uval since then has passed the sword to the first born of their family and generations after generations it became an heirloom.”
“Uval was your ancestor. You are the first born.” Amidala nodded in understanding.
“Yes Your Highness. I am the last of my line. I have no siblings, no cousins left. I am the last bearer of the Uval heirloom, the Et’rairu sword.”
“Then I can sleep soundly now. I know now what and who protects me. Thank you.” Amidala embraced Aluva. The Emberlene handmaiden hesitantly returned the embrace.
“Barely an hour left Your Highness, use it well.” Aluva smiled as she return the sword on the box and draped the queen with the sheets. She waited for the queen to fall asleep before she went inside the hidden exit. As the marble slid shut silently, Aluva held out the sword from the box and stood there unmoving, hearing every beat of the queen’s heart, every peaceful heave of her chest. Not a soul stirred but the sleeping queen and the soft breeze by the window curtains. Aluva D’asima felt something dark and ominous but it was a sense of dread nowhere near her queen. Gripping her sword, she waited… and waited.
* * *
Outside the office of the Supreme Chancellor, Master Sifo-Dyas was waiting in the hallway. Senator Palpatine acknowledges the Jedi and together they walked towards the empty corridor, “What is it my friend.” Palpatine asked.
“I have been thinking a lot lately.” Sifo-Dyas sighed, unsure how to begin.
“Thinking about what I said to you the last time?” Palpatine glanced around to make sure no one was within earshot.
“Yes. In there, when they mentioned the alarmingly growing droid army of the Trade Federation, it got me thinking again. The treat in Ynchorr, all those Jedi that perished including Master Micah Giiett and now this conflict in Anzat, it all involved massive numbers of army… putting two and two together, I am beginning to see your point. If these threats decided to direct their forces at the Republic itself instead of internal planetary conflicts, our Republic Navy will not be enough to protect our worlds, not even with the Jedi helping.” Sifo-Dyas slowly stated.
“My friend, I am sorry if my words have caused you distress. It was not my intention for you to be this… troubled.” Palpatine placed his hands on the Jedi’s shoulder and looked at him in the eye.
“Don’t be sorry. You were right. I have spoken to Lama Su and he has offered a way to save the Republic from this growing threat. But I do not have the authority or the credits to get it started. I wanted to speak of this to Master Dooku or to the council…” Sifo-Dyas sighed heavily.
“Wait a minute. Lama Su, Prime Minister Lama Su of Kamino?” Palpatine’s eyes widened.
“Yes.” Sifo-Dyas nodded.
“The Kaminoans are cloners, what do you have in mind?” Palpatine whispered.
Sifo-Dyas looked around before answering, “Back in our meeting at the Perlemian Orbital Facility, Hego Damask gave this suggestion, that I contact the Prime Minister of Kamino and…”
Sate Pestage suddenly came and approached them, “Forgive me for the interruption, but the Senate session will now begin.” He said.
“Thank you.” Palpatine nodded then tapped the Jedi’s shoulder. “I gather you have placed the order then?” he asked casually.
“Yes but…” Sifo-Dyas nodded hesitantly.
“Don’t worry, Hego Damask is my friend, he will handle the funding.” Palpatine smiled and left him.
“But I haven’t heard of him for a year now…” Sifo-Dyas muttered.
When they were on the entrance to his platform, Palpatine activated his portable holocomm, “Lord Tyranus, the order has been placed. Begin your search for the template.” Palpatine said and ended the communication.
He nodded at Sate Pestage and together they climbed the platform, the Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum was already speaking, “You seemed happy Senator.” Sate Pestage grinned knowingly.
“Of course I am. Everything is proceeding as planned.” Palpatine smiled deviously.

Chapter 9: Naberrie Fields

Ryoo Thule stood by the door looking at her youngest granddaughter being readied by a contingent of Royal Handmaidens. She beamed with pride and fear for her granddaughter knowing all too well how many times her life had been repeatedly placed in danger the moment she was elected to succeed the late King Veruna.
Jobal Naberrie came to stand beside her mother and smiled.
“She is so beautiful.” Ryoo said to her daughter.
“She takes after you.” Jobal nodded.
“So do you.” Ryoo agreed then another Naberrie joined them.
“Hey don’t forget about me. I’m beautiful too!” Sola teased the two older women.
“Of course you are my dear.” Ryoo embraced her older granddaughter. It’s been a while since she last saw them. In fact the last time was when Padmé became Princess of Theed.
And now her granddaughter is the Queen of Naboo.
She felt warm tears running down her cheeks.
“Grandma, don’t cry you’ll make me cry too.” Padmé spoke still facing on the mirror before her but her eyes were on their reflections.
“And you’ll ruin her make-up!” Ruwee Naberrie strode in and kissed Ryoo and Sola in the cheek and his wife on the lips and then walked past them to stand behind his daughter as the handmaidens continue to fix her hair and make-up.
“Hello dad, I heard the Governor appointed you to be his Advisor, how’s your meeting with the Council?” Padmé asked. Aluva crouched before her and applied red paint on her lips and cheeks.
“The appointment is rather temporary, just a few months of bureaucratic duties. Reports from Raid Squadron on Rori indicated an encounter with a Trade Federation control ship that is believed to be under Hath Monchar. The ship has been destroyed with the Neimoidian. Governor Bibble is now trying to contact the viceroy to confront him of this obvious direct violation of our trade rights.” Ruwee explained to her.
“Ruwee if you are going to ruin this moment with matters of the state then I will have to throw you out of the room.” Jobal chided and pulled her husband away from Padmé who were starting to laugh at her quip.
“I’m innocent!” Ruwee jokingly protested as he was ushered back to the doorway.
“Now you young lady should stop laughing. I hear the delegates from the capital will be arriving shortly, you must be ready by then.” Jobal smiled at Padmé.
“Aluva?” Padmé glanced at her bodyguard.
“We’re almost done Your Highness.” Aluva bowed.
“Darred has arrived!” Sola announced after answering her boyfriend’s call on her comlink.
“Who’s Darred?” Ryoo frowned.
“Darred Janren, Sola’s boyfriend.” Ruwee answered.
“You’re getting married now?” Ryoo gasped, Ruwee rolled his eyes.
“Mother, she’s just dating him, it’s not that serious… yet.” Jobal said and winked at her eldest daughter.
Aluva interrupted them, “Her Highness, the Queen of Naboo is ready.”
Ryoo, Jobal, Ruwee and Sola stopped and turn to look at Padmé and were stunned.
Padmé Naberrie stood regally in her flowing red royal gown with hand-stitched golden embroidery from her chest and downward with shed potolli fur cuffs. Six illuminated sein jewel were equally placed at the lowest part of her gown, rimed around the edges was a wide gown flare that completely hides her feet. Her hair was tightly combed back with the rest of her hair hidden in a bun behind. Her face was of white make-up based from Naboo’s ancient customs. Each cheek has a stylized beauty mark that symbolizes symmetry and her upper lip was of crimson and her lower lip was of white with a single red mark in the center representing the Scar of Remembrance, a reminder of Naboo’s time of suffering before the Great Time of Peace.
“By the Force! You’re so…” Ryoo gasped.
Jobal was at a loss of words, Ruwee nodded with approval at his youngest daughter and engulfed his wife in a tight embrace.
Sola was teary eyed and pressed her hands together smiling at her sister.
“You’re a goddess Padmé!” Sola exclaimed.
“Oh, Sola.” Padmé smiled.
Governor Sio Bibble arrived with Darred Janren.
The governor formally bowed, “Your Majesty, the ship from Coruscant has arrived.”
“Oh my, Padmé… I mean, Your Highness, you are so radiant!” Darred awkwardly bowed at her.
“Thank you Darred.” Padmé chuckled then turn to her family, “Grandma, dad, mom, Sola, I will take my leave, I’ll see you at the ceremony, I love you all.” Padmé said to them, she wanted to run to her parents and embrace them and kiss them but she held herself back, right this moment she is the Queen and have a lot of duty to attend to. She can be mushy later tonight in the privacy of her chambers when they were alone with each other.
Governor Sio Bibble led Padmé down the hallways and was joined by Captain Magneta, Lieutenant Panaka and the Advisory Council, trailing behind her was her Royal Handmaidens led by Aluva.
“Ruwee, Jobal.” Darred shook hands with Sola’s parents as they watch Padmé and her companions leave.
Sola introduced him to her grandmother, “Darred, this is my grandma Ryoo.”
“I am honored to finally meet you, now I see where Sola and her mother’s beauty came from.” Darred took her hand and kissed it.
“I like him already.” Ryoo raised an eyebrow at Jobal and Sola.
“Well Darred, I must say I am really glad to have you with us here. Between us, I kind of needed another male around here, with all these pretty ladies joining forces against me.” Ruwee placed an arm over Darred’s shoulder.
“Well if that was the case then we really shouldn’t let that happen!” Darred grinned.
“We still outnumber you.” Sola countered as they all started to walk out of the palace to the reception area by the garden.
Sola were in charge of the festivities for the Queen’s Coronation, and she divided her duties to Reception, Entertainment and Cuisine. Her father is a great cook so she assigned him to oversee the preparations for the foods. Her mother has a nice taste for music so she put her on entertainment which Jobal was very grateful. Sola was more of a people person so she handled reception.
Grandma Ryoo joined her daughter while Darred gladly assisted Sola on checking on the number of seats and tables and coordinating with Lieutenant Panaka for security details.
Sola went to the garden entrance to make sure the reception committee was in good order. The tables were set and the security lines were ready. She approached Junior Palace Guard Gregar Typho, nephew of Lieutenant Panaka and introduced Darred to him. She left the two men discussing security details while she went to review the VIP list on the data card of one of the members of the reception committee.
Another staff approached her.
“Sola, we need your help on the table for the Jedi Council, some of our men were unsure about the physiology of our Jedi because…”
“We start with Master Yoda’s chair…” Sola rushed with him to the VIP section.
* * *
“Keren Hotel, the best in all of Chommell Sector, fifth among the Best One Thousand Outer Rim Hotels in HoloNet….”
“Lake Side Hotel and Resort, the official Galactic Senate retreat…”
“The Seven Sisters Villa Retreat offers the best view to Theed Palace…”
“Thank you, maybe next time…” Sarc smiled at the throng of hotel agents littered at the spaceport. She was about to make a turn on the left exit when she spotted HoloNet news crew and other Sector media groups so she veered to the right.
A Spaceport guard motioned for her to the Weapons Scanner, then to the Bio-Chemical Scanner and finally to the physical check-point.
Sarc flashed her I.D. card chip and the supervising inspector let her through and called a speederlimo for her.
“Where to milady?” the driver asked as he carried her luggage and placed it on the back compartment.
“Theed Royal Palace, Office of the Governor.” She said nonchalantly.
“The driver coughed once then gave a good look at her. You from the Capital?” he asked as he started the speeder through the thickening traffic.
“More or less.” She said with finality. The driver took the hint and asked no more throughout their short trip.
* * *
The Supervising Inspector watched the beautiful Countess leave then turn his attention back to the arriving guests and tourists.
A surprisingly tall and huge Ithorian lumbered through the Scanners and came out clean. The Inspector went to personally check the visitor and looked at the I.D. card.
“Mogus Ogden the Head Xeno-Horticulturist from Obroa-Skai. Can I see your documentations?” he asked him.
The Ithorian answered through his dual mouth. A stand-by protocol droid stepped forward and began the translation.
“Professor Ogden says he has been chosen to represent the Obroa-Skai University to witness the coronation and to start a detailed study of Naboo’s vast variety of floral and herbal wildlife.”
“May I ask a personal question, I do not wish to offend, just mere curiosity.” the Inspector said.
The Ithorian made a seemingly strange sound and issued a longer reply.
“Professor Ogden says he has a very good idea of what you are about to ask and that his answer was that his mother was a subject of genetic experimentation by an illegal drug company that was long disbanded and jailed by the Jedi in the Kathol Sector. He says he was a product of abnormal growth cellular tampering.”
“Oh. I’m sorry for that, welcome to Naboo.” the Inspector smiled and let him through.
Another speederlimo but larger than the others pulled over and the Ithorian managed to get inside as the driver placed his baggage at the back.
“Do you have it?” the driver asked at once as he started the speederlimo.
“The process of acquiring issa somewhat difficult…” the Ithorian answered suddenly not sounding anything of his specie’s vocabulary capacity at all.
“I don’t freaking care Gantu, just answer the freaking question.” The driver scoffed.
Gantu Onu Raltos removed his specialized Ithorian head and wiped perspiration on his face, neck and ears.
“Youssa watch youssa mouth puny human before Issa load youssa on the cannon messaself!” the huge Gungan growled angrily at him.
“You do that and you’re dead, I’m your only arrangement to get off this freaking planet. Now answer the freaking question, I’m not gonna ask again, sheesh, what’s wrong with you people?” the driver pointed a blaster at him.
“Messa have it.” Gantu crossed his arms glaring at the nozzle of the driver’s blaster.
“Now that’s more like it. Next time you answer right away and stop wasting our time.”
Gantu rolled his one good eye and his mechanical eye.
* * *
Trade Federation Compound, Cato Neimoidia.
“The full weight of the Jedi Order will bear down upon you and your Neimoidian masters once they found out about this!” the Bith Jedi Master growled at his captor.
“You can’t expect to hold us here forever can you?” his apprentice, the human Padawan Vaed Illomerg spat at her.
“What makes you think that both or either of you can even get out of this room alive?” the pale skinned hairless humanoid female laughed.
“Bounty hunter you are no match to either of us!” the younger Jedi shouted.
“Correct and wrong, Vaed. I am indeed a bounty hunter, but I am more than a match to even ten of you.” the woman snarled and ignited her crimson lightsaber.
“Dark Jedi!” the Bith hissed.
“I prefer bounty hunter! I grew tired of your Jedi hypocrisy! I am Aurra Sing and before the hour ends I shall have my kill!” the humanoid cried out and stab her blade deep through the leg of the padawan.
Vaed screamed in excruciating pain as Aurra Sing twisted her lightsaber while it was still inside his flesh. The padawan fainted from shock as she remove her blade, shuts it off and clipped it back on her utility belt.
“I’ll savor every moment of this.” Aurra Sing whispered in his ears, “We have all day long, Jedi.” she put every weight of disgust and hatred on her last word and resumed torturing the two captive.
* * *
Lieutenant Hoff Siege has bathed and dressed up for the occasion and was now heading for the Flight Office for a final briefing with Captain Ric Olié. Artoo Detoo, fresh from an oil bath trailed after him.
“Take your time off Artoo then meet me back at the hangar in an hour.” Siege said and tossed a comlink to the astromech droid.
Artoo caught the comlink and beeped an affirmative and paused to look around, unsure what to do for the time being and where to go.
Then his auditory pick up detected faint music. Curiosity, an odd trait even for a modified R2 unit, compelled him to head off to where the sound was originating. After a few turns here and there Artoo found himself looking at a vast garden filled with flags, hanging decorations, lanterns, banners, tables and chairs and darting people.
A stage was set at the farthest side of the garden right by the cliff but it was high enough for even those seated near at the entrance to easily see it.
Up in the stage were off world musicians… and several droids whose make and model were not found in Artoo’s programmed archives.
Artoo started to roll and accidentally bumped onto two conversing males.
Artoo beeped an apology and rolled onward.
Typho and Darred regarded the droid with mild amusement then resume conversing.
“Artoo! Artoo! Mom, look it’s Artoo Detoo!” a child’s voice caught the attention of Artoo as he was about to duck over a passing men carrying a huge roasted beast on a bamboo pole. The droid rotated his dome and focused her photoreceptor on the source of the voice.
It was the kid Rinn Olié with his mother Thea.
Artoo was relieved to see a familiar face and hurriedly rolled towards them.
“Mom will sing for the Queen, isn’t that wonderful?” Rinn proudly stated.
Artoo chirped a compliment at Thea Olié.
“Thank you Artoo.” Thea smiled then a middle aged lady approached them and spoke to her.
“Thea Olié?” asked the older lady.
“Yes mam?” Thea nodded.
“I’m Ryoo, Jobal’s mother. She says your final rehearsal is about to begin, follow me.” Ryoo said then left at once.
“Who is she?” Rinn asked.
“Jobal is the Queens mother so she’s the grandma of the Queen.” Thea answered then turn to regard Artoo.
“Artoo, can you look after Rinn for a while?” she asked him.
Artoo gave a series of hoots and beeps explaining he must be back to the hangar in an hour.
Thea nodded, “I’ll be back by that time, if not, bring Rinn to the East Music Hall.” she said to him.
Artoo beeped an acknowledgement.
“Thank you Artoo. Now you be a good boy, Rinn.” Thea leaned to kiss her son and left.
“I’m always a good boy.” Rinn muttered then when his mother was out of sight he turn to the droid.
“Hey Artoo, I heard they have a Wookie band playing for the coronation feast, I have never seen a Wookie before, have you?” Rinn asked.
Artoo beeped a negative.
“Let’s go see them! They’re over there on that blue tent!” Rinn exclaimed and before Artoo could react the boy was already running off.
Artoo moaned.
If anyone nearby understood it they would have heard:
I got a bad feeling about this.

Chapter 10: Courtesy Calls and the Coronation

Queen Amidala was led to the Throne Room for the formal courtesy call of a number of important guests of honor for her coronation.
Governor Sio Bibble and the Advisory Council sat on the Queen’s right side slantingly facing the visitors, opposite them sat Captain Magneta, Lieutenant Panaka and the Royal Handmaidens.
Palace Guards and Security Officers were evenly spaced along the walls of the Throne Room in constant alertness. The tall, regal and imposing Republic Sentinels marched in and arrange themselves in a circular cordon in front of the Palace Guards and Security Officers to serve as a second ring of protection for the Queen, and for the visitors who will be making their formal greetings to the Queen of Naboo.
Lieutenant Panaka was tasked to make the introductions. Holding a datapad, he began announcing their honored guests.
“His Excellency, Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum of the Galactic Republic along with his administrative aides Sei Taria and Mas Amedda.”
“You Highness, I am honored to finally meet you in person.” Valorum bowed at Queen Amidala.
“The honor is mine Supreme Chancellor. Welcome to our humble world.” Queen Amidala nodded respectfully.
The Supreme Chancellor and his aides moved to the left where chairs were set up for them.
“His Excellency, Senator Palpatine of the Chommell Sector with his advisors Sate Pestage and Kinman Doriana.”
“Your Majesty, we finally met.” Palpatine smiled and bowed.
“I look forward in working with you Senator.” Queen Amidala nodded back.
“The High Council of the Jedi Order headed by Grand Master Yoda. Masters Mace Windu, Dooku, Qui-Gon Jinn, Sifo-Dyas, Plo Koon, Depa Billaba, Eeth Koth, Ki-Adi-Mundi, Adi Gallia, Even Piell, Yaddle, Oppo Rancisis, Saesee Tiin and Yarael Poof.” Panaka included Masters Jinn, Poof and Piel although they were not yet member of the Jedi Council.
The crowd on the Throne Room marveled at the sight of the group of powerful and wise Jedi Council, their presence was overwhelming, such sight has never been seen since Naboo joined the Republic seven hundred and sixty eight years ago.
“To bear witness of your coronation, honored we are.” Master Yoda humbly bowed at her. Despite his diminutive physiology, his presence held a serene yet firm authority that was palpable to everyone inside the Throne Room.
“I am most honored Master Yoda. The Jedi Council’s presence on this very important event makes me feel eternally indebted to the Jedi Order. Thank you all for coming. May the Force be with you.” Queen Amidala answered, deep inside she was awed at the breathtaking aura of the gathered Jedi Masters.
Master Yoda went to join the Supreme Chancellor and Senator while the rest of the Jedi Council individually gave their greetings to the new ruler of Naboo.
Lieutenant Panaka introduced thirty five more planetary leaders from the entire Chommell Sector who was under the governance of Senator Palpatine. The others sent only representatives and some only appeared via holo transmission.
Several groups of delegates also came from the nearby Sectors who had close ties and allegiance to Naboo throughout their almost eight hundred years in the Galactic Republic.
“The Countess, Kree Feena of Jaguada.” Panaka announced.
Queen Amidala straightened in her seat. The Countess is the owner and president of Feena Group of Companies, the largest trade partner of Naboo in the past five hundred years. Amidala have met the old Count Karim Feena when the man visited Naboo to host their graduation in the Apprentice Legislature three years ago. She knew from her studies that the Count has only one heir and daughter, but no one has ever seen the Countess, not even the local people of Jaguada.
That mystery was enhanced by her physical presence here on her coronation. There was something powerful in her charisma, even the Jedi looked at her observantly, as if her very existence were something none of them could ignore.
Queen Amidala was gazing intently at the Countess that she failed to see the slightly puzzled look Masters Yoda, Windu and Dooku gave at each other.
“You Majesty, I congratulate you for your success. May your rule be remembered by all for eternity, as is our continuing trade partnership despite this growing conflict against the profit monger Trade Federation.” the voice of Countess Feena were hypnotic and alluring, her beauty was incomparable except that her eyes were covered by a strange type of thin black object with a dark visor that spans from her left temple to her right.
“Thank you Countess Feena, I am deeply honored to be graced by your presence. May I ask you a question or two?” Queen Amidala said.
“But of course, Your Highness, I am at your command.” Countess Feena bowed low.
“I am curious, all these years not a soul has ever seen you, and how is that so? And what is it that you wear covering your eyes?” Amidala asked.
“Since birth I was afflicted by this strange and very rare disease. My skin rejects the touch of air and sunlight. For fifteen years I grew up in a hidden orbital facility in a room without air with only a breathing mask to keep me alive with not even any form of light. This eyewear was invented by the best scientists my father could find. It allowed me to see in the darkness and also in the light without my eyes having to suffer the effects of my inborn decease. Five years ago my father met a Jedi, Master Thinus Lyj who was said to be one of the most powerful healers in the Jedi Order…”
Master Yoda frowned at the mention of Master Lyj and Master Windu and Jinn leaned forward to look intently at the Countess. Only they and the other Jedi were aware that the two masters are actually probing the Countess through the Force.
“…I was a great challenge to him. He meditated in front of me for a full week, trying to feel his way through the Force into my weak body, into my blood, into everything. He labored for a full year to remove a certain type of unnatural cells continuously growing within me. Once he understood that those were the one causing my skin and health to react fatally from air and light contact, he began a costly task of removing it on my system. It took him two years to reduce my abnormality into a bearable illness. I can now allow air touch my skin, but my eyes remained sensitive.” She explained.
“What of Master Lyj? We were not aware he went to Jaguada, in fact, we haven’t heard of him for almost four years now.” Mace Windu asked.
“He died saving my life. I owe everything to him now. I will always be indebted to the Jedi Order.” the Countess said to the Korun Master.
“I am sorry to hear that Countess. I know you are all tired from your flight. My coronation will start within the hour, I shall see all on the Royal Great Hall.” Queen Amidala stood up and bowed at her guests. Captain Magneta and Lieutenant Panaka flanked her while the rest of the Royal Handmaidens flocked around her and they all left the Throne Room and was escorted by Palace Guards back up to the Queen’s Upper Residence.
Governor Sio Bibble and the Advisory Council proceeded on attending to the Supreme Chancellor, Senator Palpatine, the Jedi Council and the rest of the guests and made their way to the next hall where finger foods and beverages were served as they wait to the coronation ceremony to begin.
Masters Qui-Gon Jinn and Sifo-Dyas went to look for the Countess to talk to her but through the thick crowd and even through the Force the two could not find her or even sense her presence, much to their confusion.
* * *
Artoo Detoo made his way through the milling people until he reached the blue tent where Rinn had gone. On his way in he bumped onto a tall hammerhead that Artoo identified as an Ithorian. The huge alien stared down at him with his widely separated eyes and made a noise that the astromech could only assume as the species’ version of a disgusted snort.
Artoo moaned an apology and went inside. Rinn was already in conversation with the band members consisting mainly of Wookies and two humans. One of the humans, a somewhat oddly familiar looking pale blue skinned woman was translating for Rinn.
“Oh there you are Artoo, this is Ahna Dren and she’s a freelance dancer! What’s freelance again?” Rinn frowned at Ahna.
“It means I don’t stick on a single employer any longer than the gig itself.” Ahna smiled.
“Oh yes, that.” Rinn stopped as if thinking then turn to her again, “What’s gig again?” he asked.
“It means a job, a contract, which in my case means a dance.” The woman answered cheerfully.
One of the Wookies barked a question at Rinn, Artoo and Rinn looked at her and Ahna placed her cup down on a crate before translating.
“Thambanucc is asking if that is your astromech droid.” Ahna said.
“Oh no, Artoo is just my friend, he works for the Queen.” Rinn explained.
Artoo caught the slight stiffening on Ahna and the other human’s body but she quickly covered her almost imperceptible reaction by picking up her cup and drinking the remainder of her tea.
Ahna’s comlink beeped, “Yes? Alright, we’ll start setting up the stage then.” then she addressed everyone in the tent, “Alright everyone, get your instruments we’re setting up on the stage now, the coronation is about to start.”
Thambanucc muttered something cocking his head on the boy and the droid and Ahna said, “He says you two should be heading off to the Royal Hall because it’s starting to fill up and you must be there if you are to get a perfect viewing spot.”
“Momma reserved me a spot near the stage and I bet Artoo here will have a better vantage.” Rinn smiled and shook hands with the band, “Thank you and it is nice meeting you all, let’s go Artoo.”
After the kid and the astromech left, Ahna and the human began cleaning their stuff on the tent as the Wookies made their way to the stage. The huge Ithorian returned carrying a large instrument box and closed the tent behind him.
“Remember Alle will handle the diversion, I’ll be the decoy and make sure you don’t miss at all.” Ahna said to the Ithorian.
“Youssa don’t tell me what to do Sheeana.” The Ithorian snapped in his double stereo voice
“How many times do I have to tell you to call me Ahna while we’re undercover?” Ahna/Sheeana scowled.
“Whatever.” Gantu left the box to Alle and took the other’s concealable tight beam blaster and pocketed it in his massive cloak and left.
“If we pull this off, each of us will be five hundred thousand credits richer!” Ahna kissed Alle before the two left the tent and resume their cover and help the Wookies finish setting up the stage.
From the palace on the side where the Royal Hall was, the trumpets began signaling the beginning of the coronation.
People milling by the garden began clapping and cheering, most of them could no longer fit in the Royal Hall and were left to watch the ceremony through the live holofeed the Palace techs have set up on the stage.
* * *
The Countess sat among the rest of the off-world dignitaries at the side of the Royal Hall opposite to the officials and political leaders of Naboo.
The Jedi were at the foot of the erected platform in two groups facing the crowd and the red carpet at the center of the Hall leading from the entrance blastdoor to the throne up on the platform.
Captain Magneta and Lieutenant Panaka was the first to march in on the carpet halfway to the platform the Princesses of Theed marched in, they were a group of girls in their early teens, all graduates from the Youth Legislative program like the Queen herself, followed by the little ones who has just started their schooling at the YLP. Some of them were daughters of well known Naboo citizens like Selle and Senna Marrie, Jamila and many others.
Next came the Royal Handmaidens in their regal orange hooded gowns, each of them were a beauty to behold and a fighter not to be messed with. Then the hushed intakes of the crowd began as the newly elected Queen of Naboo came in on a slow processional march.
A couple of meters behind the Queen strode the lead Royal Handmaiden Aluva D’asima looking as regal as the Queen as well but her eyes and sense was at its peak of alertness. Lastly was a retinue of Palace Guards.
Once everyone has seated, Governor Sio Bibble went to the platform, a probe droid flew overhead with an audio pick-up so the voice of the governor would be amplified and transmitted to the live holofeed.
Amidala was kneeling and looking straight ahead. Her grace and beauty was a beacon of focus for every audience inside the Royal Hall and even from those in the garden outside.
“We are all gathered here to witness this milestone in our history. I am empowered by our law to perform the honor of officially crowning the newly elected Queen of Naboo.” Sio Bibble announced and began the one hour ceremony.
Lufta Sift, Education Advisor and of the Advisory Council steps forward carrying the Royal Crown and handed it to Governor Sio Bibble who in turn placed the Royal Crown on Amidala’s head.
“Do you solemnly swear to uphold the law, protect the people and rule wisely over Naboo and our people with fairness, justice and zeal?”
“I swear.” Amidala said in her low and soft but firm voice.
“Rise, Queen Amidala of Naboo! May the Force be with you always!”
Queen Amidala gracefully rose as the clamor and applause of the crowd filled the Royal Hall.
Outside six Naboo N1 Starfighters flew past Theed Palace trailing colored smokes representing the six noble clan leaders that help King Jafan end the Time of Suffering. Fireworks were lit in sync with the aerial exhibition. At the ships’ second pass, an explosion mixes in the noise and one of the Starfighters began to crash, thick black smoke billowing from its exploded left radial engine. A second starfighter exploded in the air, this one was not fortunate enough to have a chance to crash land as it was ripped apart in a mighty explosion.
The crowd screamed in panic. The Jedi moved with battle honed precision. Half of them automatically flanked the Queen protectively while the rest darted out of the Royal Hall to the wide plaza outside the Palace searching for the perpetrator.
Aluva was already shoulder to shoulder with the Queen as Magneta led the other guards to secure the palace. Panaka went to herd the rest of the crowd to safety as his nephew Typho moved in to escort the Queen and her protectors back to the safer and more secure Royal Residence Floor above.
Master Sifo-Dyas was the first to spot the figure up on one of the tallest building carrying a portable anti-craft missile launcher.
Master Qui-Gon Jinn rushed after Sifo-Dyas as the perpetrator dropped the launcher and began running.
The Countess was forced to be herded along with the rest of the dignitaries away from the fleeing Queen. The Lady Sarc clenched her fist for missing the opportunity.
Shortly afterwards, another explosion detonated, this time closer to them. The entire stage erupted into flames and people panicked and ran in every direction.
The Wookie Thambanucc was thrown in the air because of the explosion and landed heavily on one of the buffet table. Soups, cuisines and cakes spilled all over the Wookie’s brown and gray fur. Shaking his head, he tried to get up and ignored the pain that shot through his back and spotted Ahna holding a blaster and running.
His suspicions were confirmed, abandoning his cover as a musician, Jedi Master Thambanucc took out his lightsaber under his cloak and ignited it. The golden blade thrummed with power as he gave chase on the fleeing Ahna.

Chapter 11: Multiple Encounters

After Artoo Detoo accompanied Rinn Olié back to Thea Olié, the droid went back to the hangar where Lieutenant Hoff Siege was already preparing his ship along with the other five pilots. The shiny yellow and silver N1 Starfighters were fresh out from the Northern Paleasé Shipyard an extension of the Theed Palace Space Vessel Engineering Corps which are currently under renovation after the Chommell Patriot sabotage before the voting for the successor of the late King Veruna a month ago.
“Oh there you are Artoo, right in time, come on, we have an aerial stunt to make for the Queen’s coronation.” Siege said to him.
Artoo went to under the docked N1 Starfighter and Siege activated the lift claws and Artoo was sucked into the astromech slot. Powering the engines, he and Artoo began making the preflight checks.
“Raid Lead ready, everyone check in.” Hoff said to the comm.
The others gave their affirmatives and held their ships on stand-by mode as Hoff waited for Captain Magneta’s clearance.
Artoo moaned a question, Hoff smiled apologetically at the droid after reading the translation on his console.
“I understand Artoo, I myself wanted to watch the coronation as much as the rest of us here but what we are going to do is a symbolic tribute for our new Queen. How about this, after our stunt I’ll ask for a copy and we can watch the coronation on my house.” Hoff offered.
After a few minutes Hoff got the orders and the six Starfighters launched and made a wide turn to make their first pass over Theed Palace.
“This is the fun part. On the first pass we’ll release colored smoke, streaks of blue, red, white, green, yellow and brown…” Hoff started to explain to Artoo.
Artoo beeped a question that Hoff anticipated, “You see Artoo, prior to the Great Time of Peace and the reign of the Jafan Dynasty about eight hundred years ago six noble clan leaders loyal to Jafan aided him in defeating the warlords of Naboo. Each of those six clan leaders bears a family emblem whose colors where since then used by the Jafan Dynasty to symbolize the Victory over the Time of Suffering. Anyways, I’ll share you the whole story later, we’re going in for the second pass…”
The starfighter trailing the green smoke exploded and started to crash, Hoff Siege spotted a streak of missile coming out from one of the domed roof on the tallest building coming at them.
“Evade!” Hoff shouted and he and Artoo made the slip but the missile hit and detonated on their left wing. Artoo screamed as Hoff wrestled at the controls while their ship went spinning down.
Hoff knew it was hopeless, “Artoo prepare to eject!”
Artoo beeped an acknowledgement as they both shot out of the doomed starfighter. Artoo’s parachute came out quickly but the droid was alarmed when he saw Hoff’s did not.
The ship impacted and exploded on the tallest building, Artoo was almost on land when he finally saw Hoff’s parachute opened. Detaching himself from the harness Artoo hurriedly rolled to where his pilot was about to drop.
Hoff’s parachute got tangled on the massive statues’ spears but the pilot simply cut off his straps then dropped on a tuck and roll stopping in front of Artoo Detoo.
“I saw a Gungan firing that missile! Huge!” Hoff told Artoo.
Artoo beeped, he has an inkling that he knows who that Gungan might be.
* * *
Jedi Masters Sifo-Dyas and Qui-Gon Jinn darted past running and screaming civilians and into the side alleys of Theed.
“Qui-Gon go to the other side, we’ll corner him!” Sifo-Dyas said and the other made his way through the building while Sifo-Dyas began making his way up to the rooftop.
Qui-Gon halted inside and knelt, closed his eyes and allowed his awareness to be immersed in the currents of the Force. He searched out for presences, he felt the steady and determined Sifo-Dyas, the panicked and scared multitude that was the people of Naboo around him and then one indifferent cold individual.
Qui-Gon shifted his attention on that individual and focused to get a location. He touched his mind and slowly penetrated it then opened his eyes.
Qui-Gon saw he was running and jumping off roofs, he felt his heart beating steadily and surmised the culprit was physically fit. He saw a flash of a closed fist first on the left then on the right, it was the instigator’s hands and it wasn’t human. The person jumped and landed on a slanting glass window and began sliding down. Qui-Gon saw his reflection, a Gungan, muscular and has a robotic left eye.
Qui-Gon let go and stood up, it was Gantu Onu Raltos and he knew where he was heading.
Sifo-Dyas spotted their target, he was running and leaping through the rooftops and he was a non-human native of Naboo, a huge one.
Sifo-Dyas used the Force to run faster and leap longer, shortly he gained ground and as he close in on the last few meters separating them, the Gungan jumped off, slammed on a slanting roof and allowed himself to slide down and drop on another alley where a dozen speederbikes were parked.
Gantu threw away the missile launcher and darted out, a few seconds later he heard a distinct noise from behind and when he looked back he saw a human Jedi leaping meters high trailing after him. He saw the familiar Eode Inn and made a run for it.
He jumped on the slanting windows and slid down and took one speederbike and threw a small grenade on the rest of the parked vehicles.
Sifo-Dyas was jumping in mid-air above when the grenade exploded. The blast and the shrapnel hit the Jedi and sent him slamming on the wall and dropped unconscious.
Qui-Gon Jinn emerged running on the open and took an idle landspeeder and gunned the engines to its maximum speed. He spotted Master Sifo-Dyas and steered towards him. The other Jedi leaped and joined Qui-Gon as they sped out of Theed into open country.
Being in the open, they easily spotted the fleeing Gungan a good kilometer away from them.
* * *
Thea Olié was running towards her speeder carrying Rinn amidst the initial confusion, but after the last explosion, people began to calm down. The presence of the Jedi moving about the vicinity accompanied by Palace Guards and Republic Securities somehow eased the hysteria.
Thea lowered Rinn on the passenger’s side of their landspeeder and went to the driver’s seat. A blaster touched her cheek and she saw a man and a woman.
“Get off.” the man said.
“Momma she’s the dancer I’m telling you about!” Rinn gasped in excitement then noticed the man beside the dancer pointing a blaster on his mother.
Sheeana Fley moved to sit beside the kid, her own blaster poking the boy’s ribs. “The kid’s coming with us.” She smiled.
“No please! Not my boy!” Thea cried as she was shoved off by Ale Vomm.
“We’ll leave him on this speeder once we’re out. You can track him later.” Ale disabled the tracking beacon and started the engine.
Suddenly all four of them were startled by a reverberating ferocious roar. Heads turning, they all spotted a lumbering Wookie wielding a golden lightsaber.
Ale lifted one large odd looking weapon and fired.
Powerful electric bolts zeroed in on the chest of the Jedi Wookie throwing him meters away, by the time Thambanucc got to his feet the landspeeder was no longer in sight then he noticed that the woman beside him was crying.
“Master Jedi, they took my son, please save my boy.” She cried to him.
The Wookie nodded and patted her gently at her shoulder and glance around searching for a vehicle.
Another civilian stopped beside them and got off of his speederbike, “I saw what happened, here, you can use my bike.” the young man said.
Thambanucc thanked him and went after the two terrorists.
* * *
The Lady Sarc Crimos was on the Royal Receiving Room at the second floor of the palace with several of the off-world delegates. Only one Jedi was on the room, conversing with some of the security personnel.
She’s not familiar with him so she safely assumes he doesn’t know her as well. From what she has heard, they referred to him as Eeth Koth.
Jedi Master Eeth Koth is an Iridonian Zabrak. The site of him galled Crimos and it stirred mixed yearning and contempt in her. She tried to shut her feelings and shove the image of Darth Maul in the deepest recesses of her mind.
She needs to get access to a terminal, learn the layouts of the palace, not the public blueprint but the real ones, the ones that include side passages and hidden pathways.
Her gaze landed on one Handmaiden who stopped by to speak to the Jedi and left. An idea came to her mind, on her estimate, that handmaiden was her size. Her only problem was she wasn’t sure if her make-up would last for the night. If it fades, the tattoo on her upper right face would be exposed.
There is a trick in the Force to project an illusion but that would require concentration and with the activities about the palace, it would take her time to distract them all. She couldn’t get back to her hotel in time leaving her the only option to sneak in the night disguised as a handmaiden and hope she doesn’t need to expose herself prematurely.
“How many handmaidens does the Queen have?” she casually asked the nearest person.
“Six or seven, I’m not really sure. Do you know that one of them is not from here? I heard she was a warrior from Emberlene...” then man ranted on what he knows about the warriors of Emberlene for the next thirty minutes.
Tonight you die Queen Amidala. Crimos smiled at herself.
* * *
Artoo Detoo and Lieutenant Hoff Siege ran straight to the Royal Communications Office, once in there they were greeted by the noise of the staff each in there consoles accessing visual feeds from various points of Theed and the nearby cities. Communications console buzzed with heavy comm traffic from search parties.
Jedi Masters Depa Bilaba and Adi Gallia were also there speaking animatedly with Captain Magneta, Lieutenant Panaka and Captain Ric Olié.
“Captain, Artoo Detoo here has a positive I.D. on the terrorist. He says it was Gantu Onu Raltos.” Hoff said.
“We just received a call from Master Thambanucc he said he is in pursuit of a pair of human terrorist with Captain Olié’s child as hostage.” Adi Gallia said to them.
“Please save my son…” Olié was doing his best not to cry.
“Master Thambanucc will save your son Captain.” Depa Bilaba assured him.
“We got  a report from Master Sifo-Dyas, he and Master Qui-Gon Jinn is chasing the Gungan rebel.  They are now at twenty kilometers to the Negotta Region.” Adi Gallia added.
“There is an old abandoned military bunker there built during the Time of Suffering by the Six House of Naboo, do you think the rebels built a base there?” Panaka frowned.
Magneta crossed his arm in deep thought, “Before King Veruna died, we made a sweep on that region and came out empty, could it be possible that the Chommell Patriots managed to build a stronghold there in less than a month without us noticing any activities there?”
“Anything is possible now, everything they have done in the past months are a testament to that.” Panaka admitted.
“Lieutenant Siege, lead the squadron there, make sure no ship leaves Naboo in that region.” Magneta ordered.
“I’m the Captain, I should be leading…” Ric Olié protested.
“Captain Olié, you are not emotionally stable right now. Please, let’s work together on this, time is pressing.” Master Bilaba said to him.
Ric Olié understood and nodded at Siege, “Take my ship.” He said to him.
“We will bring back your son.” Siege placed a hand on Olié before leaving for the hangar with Artoo Detoo.
“Captain, some of the visitors are asking if we are cancelling the celebration because of this tragedy.” A comm officer relayed the call he received.
“Yes…” Magneta started to say.
“No. The celebration must continue, tonight.” Adi Gallia shook her head.
“Master Gallia?” Magneta frowned.
“She is right. If we stop the celebration then the Chommell Patriots or whoever is behind this will surely know that they have succeeded in disrupting the coronation. And since there has been no direct assault at the Queen we can still expect that one will be attempted before the day ends. We must continue the celebration and force the assassin to make the move in public. The entire Jedi Council is here and some of the Republic Sentinels. We can protect the Queen.” Depa Bilaba explained.
“It sounds like you’re making the Queen as bait.” Magneta said.
“I do. The Queen is their target right from the beginning, we must take advantage of that, however risky.” the Jedi nodded with conviction.
“I don’t like this but very well, let us make the arrangements. Inform the Governor and the Advisory Council of this plan, have the garden cleaned and the stage rebuilt as fast as you can, triple the security. I will go and speak to the Queen myself.” Magneta decided and everyone made their way to carry out each of their tasks.
Depa Bilaba and Adi Gallia rejoined the rest of the Jedi Council on the second floor on the room across where the rest of the off-world visitors are being kept safe.
Master Mace Windu was talking when the two women arrived.
“I cannot be mistaken on this. I saw Sarc Crimos earlier.” Mace Windu repeated.
“And who is Sarc Crimos?” Adi Gallia frowned.
“The Dathomiri child we rejected almost a decade ago, the one trained by the late Master Nivraet Roughweather on Master Djinn Altis’ Chu’unhor II, the one who left the Order and became an assassin and a bounty hunter.” Mace Windu answered.
“Ah yes, the heterochromic Dark Jedi.” Depa Bilaba nodded.
“She is here and I can feel the dark side lurking in the peripherals of our senses. She has learned much in blocking her presence. She has to be the assassin sent to kill the Queen. I saw the shatterpoint centered on her when she was introduced as the Countess Feena.” Mace Windu stated.
“Assign a Jedi to the Queen we must. Search Crimos we will.” Yoda said.
“Master Dooku,” Mace Windu turn to the older Jedi.
“I can, but tomorrow I must be elsewhere.” Dooku nodded.
“Where was Crimos last seen?” Even Piel asked.
“The room across outside ours, she was taken there with the other delegates.” Oppo Rancisis cocked his head on the doorway.
“Master Koth is in there, I will go.” Master Windu said and made his way to the other room.
Eeth Koth was still there having a little chat with some of the delegates.
“Master Windu.” The Zabrak greeted.
Windu beckoned him to come closer and the two spoke in whispers.
“Where is the Countess Feena?” Mace Windu asked.
“She left earlier, she says she was expecting an important call, she asked for a handmaiden to lead her to the communications center.” Eeth Koth said.
Mace Windu hurriedly left the room and took out his lightsaber. Dooku was outside the hall.
“What’s wrong?” Dooku asked.
“Crimos just left, she’s on the move, go to the Queen!” Mace said as he went to search for the Dark Jedi.
Dooku sprinted up to the Royal Residence floor and was intercepted by a tough looking handmaiden.
“I am Aluva, the leading Royal Handmaiden, what is it that you want Master Jedi.” She said squarely, completely unfazed at the presence of a Jedi Master.
“There is an assassin under the guise of a handmaiden, call the Queen’s entire Royal Handmaidens!” Dooku ordered.
“Aluva, Nagé is missing.” Eirtaé said after all of them were lined-up in front of Aluva and Dooku.
Aluva and Dooku were instantly running to the Queen’s bedchamber.
* * *
Nagé, naked and slightly dazed, struggled from her bound wrists and legs and her scream of rage were muffled by the gag on her mouth, but her eyes weren’t covered and she saw the Countess Feena took off her robes, the intricate tattoos on her arms were revealed and so was her face tattoo.
The handmaiden’s eyes widened. She recognized the symbol from her studies in the Order of the Sanctuary. It was from one of the tribes of the Nightsisters in the remote uncivilized world of Dathomir.
The Lady Sarc Crimos took on Nagé’s robe and adjusted the hood to partially cover her face tattoo, her blue and red eyes glowed like that of a feline orb from beneath the shadow on her face, she gave her a feral grin, baring her pointed pair of fangs. Crimos crouched before her and extended a sharp clawed hand and touched her neck.
“You are fortunate I still need you alive.” Crimos purred then with a swift movement jumped up from the cylindrical cage where she was held captive.

Chapter 12: The Chase to Negotta

Gantu made a quick glance behind him and saw the Jedi still giving chase. He made a sharp turn on the foot of the mountain and began to traverse the thick rainforest of the Negotta regions.
Startled kaadus, massive fambaas, muudaboks and large jaboons scattered the foliage abandoning their grazing as Gantu’s noisy speederbike flew past them.
Qui-Gon manages to gain but the thick forest made maneuvering the landspeeder harder.
A pack of narglatch, stealthy apex predators, that normally known as solitary hunters began to follow them. The flashy spikes of the male bristled in anticipation at the sight of prey, their fan-like tail swaying in tandem with the flowing movement of their graceful body. Their padded foot threaded silently on the bushy foliage, their non-retractable claws stained with dried blood of previous kills. Looking at them, Master Sifo-Dyas got an idea.
He balanced himself at the back of the speeder and faced the pack chasing them. The Jedi reached out to the primitive minds of the beasts and probed them for weaknesses and found one who least resisted.
Sifo-Dyas sent images of familiarity, friendship and rewards to the mind of the wild creature. When he felt the will of that single narglatch beginning to submit to his, he leaped high and landed on its back.
The movement startled the beast and tried to bite him off but Sifo-Dyas poured more soothing emotions until the local predator relented and allowed him to ride.
Sifo-Dyas fed the beast with a sense of urgency and the creature redoubled its mighty bounds and overtook Qui-Gon’s slowing landspeeder.
The engines sputtered and died and Qui-Gon Jinn leaped off as the vehicle collided and exploded on a massive bole of a tree.
Qui-Gon first felt before hearing the guttering growls of the remaining narglatchs and as he stood up and face them, he counted five. They are already beginning to encircle him.
Qui-Gon bowed and stared at the leader, the largest of the pack. His feral angry eyes returned the human’s gaze, and the others stood still. None of them moved, the battle between the two was raging not physically but mentally within. Qui-Gon did not bother with soothing the creature, instead he presented himself as the beast’s equal, a fellow hunter out for its prey and looking out for the welfare of his pack. That much the pack leader could relate and understand faster.
The pack leader slowly moved closer, his hot arid breath sending puffs of warmth on Qui-Gon’s face. The beast sniffed him a few times and then stretch out its left forepaw and crouched lower before the Jedi Master.
Qui-Gon Jinn accepted the offer. He mounted the beast, it squirmed a little, unaccustomed at the contact but steeled its sinews and sprang ahead to follow its fellow creature mounted by the other human. The rest of the pack ran along with them, growling and howling.
Ahead beyond a rising stretch of rocks came an explosion. Qui-Gon could not see the rising smoke because at this deep in the jungles, the thick canopy of the massive trees already blocked the sky and even sunlight was hard press to get through it.
Gantu magnetized his last three grenades and threw it with all of his strength behind him but when he looked back the Jedi was no longer on the landspeeder but on a narglatch. The Gungan howled and leaped off of his speederbike as the three magnetized grenade attached to the only metal it could detect, his speederbike.
Shaking off his daze, Gantu picked up his powerful repeater laser cannon and began firing at the Jedi. The beast leaped to the left into the bushes while the human Jedi catapulted itself towards him.
Gantu swung up his other hand and fired his smaller blaster squarely at the Jedi. Master Sifo-Dyas deflected the shot and landed a pair of boots on Gantu’s chest.
The Gungan fell and stumbled onto a sloping dell and disappeared under the thick shrubbery.
Master Sifo-Dyas reached out in the Force in a feeble attempt to find the Gungan but the teeming life around him masked Gantu’s presence. The Jedi made his way to a ravine looking for signs of movement.
Moments later Qui-Gon Jinn arrived with his mount trailed by four other narglatchs.
“He fell somewhere down there. I can’t sense him through the Force.” Sifo-Dyas pointed on the slanted decline of shrubbery leading to the steep drop farther below their sight.
“Our friends here can handle that.” Qui-Gon nodded at his ride and the pack descended and disappeared into the bushy slope.
“I never knew you could do that trick?” Sifo-Dyas commented to his friend.
“When you can commune with the Living Force, anything is possible.” Qui-Gon winked at him.
The bushes at the rim of the crevice rustled and blaster fire sizzled out in different directions. The narglatchs growled and howled and then four fell on the steep fall and disappeared on the dark abyss.
Sifo-Dyas and Qui-Gon carefully made their way closer to the commotion when another beast shrieked and was silenced. When the two Jedi were but a few meters from where the creatures cornered the Gungan, Gantu emerged from the bushes with the pack leader clinging to him, it’s mighty jaws locked on the Gungan’s left shoulder while the struggling terrorist was trying with all of his strength to choke the life out of the stubborn predator.
Qui-Gon and Sifo-Dyas hurriedly made their way but Gantu and the narglatch lost their balance and fell.
The pair of Jedi crouched and strained to see the falling two through the dark recesses of the abyssal creek.
“There’s water down there.” Sifo-Dyas said.
“It could be a creek or part of the extensive underwater rivers in this region.” Qui-Gon nodded.
“We’d better go back and report to the Council.” Sifo-Dyas started his way back up. Qui-Gon stared intently, trying to pierce the darkness below, for a fleeting moment there he thought he heard a faint howl of the pack leader followed by a barely perceptible splash of water.
“Qui-Gon, let’s go. We still have a long walk to go.” Sifo-Dyas called out.
* * *
Alle and Sheeana were pushing the landspeeder to its speed limit and they could feel the engine groaning at the stress. The boy was curled at the corner of the back seat, sobbing and staring at their backs.
The two were forced to take the long way because a straight path would have led them through the small garrison of Naboo security guards at the border of Theed.
“Alle, you’d better drive fast!” Sheeana shouted over the noise of the wind.
“What are you talking about?” Alle could now see the Pamka hills, beyond the curving hills was a straight grass plains leading to the edge of the Negotta.
“We got company! It’s that Wookie Jedi undercover Thambanucc!” Sheeana said as she raises her macrobinoculars to her eyes, she could see the Jedi Wookie on a speederbike.
“What? Of all the things in the galaxy that could be sent against us, why should it have to be Jedi? Get rid of him!” Alle groaned and made the sharp turn and began maneuvering their landspeeder through the uneven terrain of Pamka.
Sheeana began assembling her long range laser rifle. When she was sure the power pack was fully charged she positioned herself and aim, waiting for a good shot.
“Almost there…” Sheeana muttered.
When the Wookie entered her sights she pulled the trigger but her rifle shot upward as the kid stood up and pushed her.
“Why you overgrown…” Sheeana growled and slapped the kid in a face. Rinn fell on the backseat dazed. Sheeana once again took aim and fired.
The Wookie reflexively ignited his lightsaber and effortlessly deflected the bolt.
“Minions of Xendor, he’s good!” Sheeana exclaimed.
“What? Oh man…” Alle Vomm groaned. “Well what are you waiting for? Keep firing at him!” he shouted at her.
“I’m doing it!” Sheeana gritted her teeth and dropped the rifle, she rummaged on the sack she was carrying and selected a powerful repeater blaster.
“Hang on there’s a herd of fambaas ahead!” Alle warned her. The fambaas, in all their splendor and massiveness gently prodded the plains with their trunk like legs, their long heavy tails swinging slowly as if swayed by the soft winds. Their gleaming reptilian scales appears like hulls from a fleet of long forgotten species.
“Sithspawn!” Sheeana adjusted her position before opening fire on their pursuer.
Alle expertly drove the landspeeder under the forest of massive limbs of the fambaas herd. Sheeana was careful not to hit the beasts for it would cause a stampede and kill them.
The Wookie had the advantage of maneuverability and easily dodged her sporadic laser barrage.
“He’s gaining on us!” Sheeana shouted. Then one of her shot hit the knee of one of the creatures and the wounded fambaas howled in pain and dropped on the ground. The others reacted at once and panicked. Scores of trunk like legs shifted and turn making driving under it fatally arduous.
The herd veered to where the Wookie was because ahead of Alle and Sheeana was the killing fields of saw-toothed granks, although they normally prey on shiros, a pack of them could put down an alpha prime fambaa.
Thambanucc saw the change in the herd and knew a stampede would follow. He instantly swung left and chose the less arduous and dangerous hill tops completely avoiding the huge stampeding beasts. That placed him out of sight of the fleeing terrorists but he knew where their general direction would be.
When the Jedi broke out of the Pamka hills he was shocked at what he saw and forced to an abrupt halt.
Before him in the vast waist-high grassland of Epee Dui are hundreds of saw-toothed granks gathering in the open for their mating season. Their large head sporting a wide gaping mouth were a stark contrast to their short tail. Long torso balanced only by four powerful legs sustained the weight of their head and their useless tail. The Wookie knew that these beasts are most dangerous during the mating season, in this time of the year they kill anything that’s not of their kind, not for food, not for sport but for the sheer bloodlust of a fertile predator.
To his far right Master Thambanucc spotted the small shape of the landspeeder punching through the grasslands. Already those closest saw-toothed granks were beginning to converge on the speeding vehicle.
The Wookie scanned the horizon from left to right and saw a river cutting through the multitudes of predators. On the other side of that river was a receding grassland paving way to a rocky region that the Jedi assumed was the edge of the Tavkaa mountain ranges.
The Wookie started his speederbike and headed off to the other side of the river planning to intercept the terrorists once the cross and reach the Negotta, he was almost at the crossing when he remembered about the kid held hostage and cursed himself for forgetting the boy.
He couldn’t care less if the two terrorists perish among the predators of Naboo, but the child’s safety is his primary concern, abandoning his own caution he swung the speederbike and braved the throng of saw-toothed granks.
Sheeana fired around her and did not bother to aim at all, the throng of deadly saw-toothed granks converging offered a rich target and she cheered every time she saw a beast fell. But as Alle drives through the grasslands deeper and deeper the numbers of their predators grew alarmingly.
Alle grabbed his own blaster and started firing as well, at that he lost better control and their landspeeder began to slow down, the engines are at its limits and their way is now being blocked. All around them the saw-toothed granks menacingly draws closer, their fangs bared ominously.
A monstrous roar echoed across the open plains and the predators were momentarily startled and turn their gazes on the origin of the sound.
The roar was repeated over and over and the beasts began move away from the landspeeder.
“What on the Six Arms of the Galaxy is that?” Alle frowned while trying to restart the engines.
“I think it was the Jedi Wookie, he’s protecting the kid. Let’s go Alle, hurry!” Sheeana said.
Some of the predators stopped and return their attention to them. Sheeana screamed at Alle to keep moving but the engines protested.
The beasts are beginning to sprint towards them and Sheeana felt her entire body shake with sheer terror. The closest beast leaped and was about to slam on her when the landspeeder finally roared to life and sped out.
Ten of the predators were now chasing them while the rest were oblivious. Sheeana recovered from her momentary state of immobility and began carefully picking her targets and killing the beasts.
She just shot the last one when they finally entered the thick forest of Negotta.
Master Thambanucc knew he wouldn’t get to the kid in time so he halted his speeder and let loose a mighty roar. It startled the nearest group of beasts but the rest merely glance and resume converging on the landspeeder a good kilometer away from him. He repeated his roars and ignited his lightsaber to attract their attention and when he saw it worked he started his speederbike and slowly drove to the river, roaring continuously and projecting images of flesh to feast with across the river.
All of a sudden the multitude of saw-toothed granks began to run and charged towards him. The Wookie slapped a grenade on his speederbike and set it in timer, when he was at the river bank he leaped into the waters and swam as fast as he could to the other side, the strong current slowed him and from behind some of the beasts leaped and swam after him. He was almost at the next river bank when his speederbike exploded.
Jedi Master Thambanucc got up and shook his fur then defiantly faced the saw-toothed granks and ignited his lightsaber. He let out a roar of challenge and began slicing those who got across. After killing a dozen the beasts abandoned their attack on him and returned to their mating rituals.
The Wookie dropped on the soft grass panting. After a full minute he propped himself on a seating position and scan the distance to the Negotta. It was a good five kilometer walk.
He heaved a sigh and started heading to the forest mountain. After a few minutes of walking he looked back as he heard screeching noises and saw a number of aiwha has been drawn from the sea behind the Tavkaa Mountain.
Thambanucc watched the aiwhas dive and took chunks of flesh from the dead saw-toothed granks. Fly up gobble the meat, circle again and dive once more for another bite. They were thick cetacean creatures that could use their stubby wing-fins to soar into the sky and propel their body under the sea of Naboo. These majestic flying beasts reminded him of the thrantas of Alderaan and the Neebrays of Rugosa.
The Wookie started to walk back towards the feeding aiwhas and began to imitate their shrieks.
The largest of them flew towards him and dove as if to bite him in the head but when the Wookie held his ground and did not flinch, the large aiwha swooped high avoiding him in only a meter, the wind blew the soft fur of Master Thambanucc and he smelled the oceanic odor of the beast.
The aiwha repeated the faint attack twice more but the Wookie remain unmovable. At the last pass the Jedi leaped and landed on broad back of the flying creature. The large aiwha shrieked once but did not make any attempt to throw its rider off. Only then did Thambanucc noticed that the aiwha was a rope tethered on its neck and when he look down he noticed a faint discoloration on its body signifying that it was domesticated and were used to have a saddle strapped on it.
Taking the rope, the Wookie experimented how to steer the beast. To his amazement the aiwha was easily compliant to subtle nudges of the ropes. Once the Jedi got the feel of how to control it he directed the aiwha to take him to the Negotta.
The flight was short. Master Thambanucc was already flying over the thick canopies of the Negotta forest. He could sense through the Force the growing uneasiness of the aiwha for it is not accustomed to stray far from the ocean. The Wookie caressed the neck of the creature and tapped its head. The aiwha made an arc and glided slowly. The Jedi stood up and leaped into the trees as the flying beast flew back to its companions.
Jedi Master Thambanucc swung from vine after vine, tree after tree, his sense of direction becoming clearer as his natural instincts blended perfectly on familiar territory. His primeval hunting prowess took over and he instantly caught the spoor of his quarry.

Chapter 13: The Battle of Jafanara

The Lady Sarc Crimos was back at her hotel packing her stolen Royal Handmaiden robe along with her battle dress and Sith robe. She then changed on more comfortable Nightsister clothing and covered her almost naked body with the distinguishable cloak of the Countess Feena.
Her portable holo comlink beeped and she answered at once.
“Make your presence known on Jafanara at once. The Jedi are already on their way there. Defend the ruins as if it was the primary base of the Chommell Patriots. Make them believe that they are engaging a final battle. Leave at least one Jedi survivor, they must know that a Dark Jedi is involved and not the Sith.” the six inch figure of Darth Sidious commanded.
“I’m on my way Master.” Crimos bowed as the transmission ended.
Down on the hotel she rode the race swoop smuggled for her use by her Chommell Patriot allies. Ignoring the surprised look from the passers-by, she left Theed in full speed and took the most direct route to Negotta.
* * *
Gantu Onu Raltos allowed himself to be taken by the undercurrent of the Black River of Negotta because he knew the river will branch out at the edge of the Jafanara, the ancient ruins of the Temple of the Six Houses of the Jafan Dynasty, the second staging base of the Chommell Patriots for the upcoming Trade Federation invasion.
While he was being taken by the current he studied his wounds closely and knew that nothing was fatal. The rabies from the narglatch bites were already washed out by the river. His wounds would heal and his mechanical eye can be repaired.
 Ahead he saw faint lights from the surface of the river. It was his indication that the underground docks are nearing. Before he was slammed and crushed by the dividing current on the granite rocks ahead he swam up and grabbed the roots of the swamp groves and pulled himself off the black river.
A human guard spotted him and recognized him. He whistled at the guard farther back and went to Gantu.
“Generals Vomm and Fley has just arrived with a boy hostage.” The guard said to him handing him a comlink.
Gantu nodded and walked to the encampment, activated the comlink and heard the voice of Alle Vomm.
“Good you’re here. Get you stinking amphibious butt up here before the Lady Crimos arrives. We have reports from our people on Theed that the entire Raid Squadron has been launched and are headed here.” Alle snapped at him.
“Messa almost there.” Gantu shut the comlink and muttered, “Always a pleasure working with humans.”
A Gungan came to greet him by the gates and together they headed first to Gantu’s part of the base. “Kerpos, are messa commandos here?” Gantu asked.
“Yessir, dessa have been restless of late, dessa kept demanding for an action.” Kerpos nodded.
“Dessa will have plenty in a few minutes, round them up, Messa will address them.” Gantu hissed.
Twenty battle hardened Gungan terrorists lined up before Gantu. They were his men, loyal and brutal.
“Youssa are to ready the STA portable cannons, dessa will be an aerial raid by the Naboo. Wessa gonna take them all down!” Gantu shouted and his men cheered.
“Kerpos, youssa lead them, messa go to the human bosses.” Gantu placed a hand on Kerpos shoulder before heading up to the upper tier of the ziggurat.
* * *
Jedi Masters Qui-Gon Jinn and Sifo-Dyas crouched behind the thick foliage and look out at the ancient ruined city of Jafanara.
Six five storey ziggurats circled a ten storey ziggurat in the center. The site would have been astounding because of its ancientness but the presence of modern technology has already ruined that effect. Electrical fences lined the perimeter of the entire primordial city in three layers. There was about a hundred guards around the outer compound, a mixture of humans and Gungans. There were airspeeders, small freighters and a number of Z-95 Headhunters on the top of each smaller building.
At the topmost of the central ziggurat was a huge holographic machine projector. Looking up, the two Jedi saw a projected hologram of a canopy of trees covering the entire open expanse of Jafanara.
“I see no Trade Federation tech.” Sifo-Dyas whispered.
Qui-Gon nodded. “Either the Trade Federation is not truly involved or they have become too clever now in the art of deception.” he said.
“Look! At the northern edge of the fence, farther back, by the trees.” Qui-Gon pointed.
Sifo-Dyas recognized the stealthy figure. “That’s Master Thambanucc!”
“We must disable their vehicles first.” Qui-Gon said.
“You sneak in, I’ll make the diversion.” Sifo-Dyas nodded and made his way to the clearing where a number of massive logs of fallen trees are stacked.
Qui-Gon silently matched the movements of the Jedi Wookie until the other was lost in his sight. Qui-Gon chose a spot where there was the least number of guards patrolling and waited for Sifo-Dyas’ diversion before making his move.
Some of the guards on the eastern fences began shouting as three massive logs began to float in the air and went sailing on the electrified fences, the second volley of logs smashed onto the power generators and the fences went out along with the projected holographic canopy of trees above.
Qui-Gon Jinn Force-sped and quickly climbs up on one of the small ziggurats to disable the berthed ships.
* * *
Master Thambanucc saw the floating logs began falling on the electric fences and realized that there is another Jedi out there. Searching, his keen eyesight spotted Master Qui-Gon Jinn on top of one of the small ziggurats making stops on each of the ships docked there and took a hint at what they were planning.
The Jedi Wookie braced himself and raised both furry arms and began using the Force to push the ships down from the top of the ziggurats.
Guards ran in every direction firing randomly on the forest around them. Those below the ziggurats ran in terror as their ships began to rain down on them crashing and some exploding.
When all of the ships were either crashed on the ground or has been disabled by Master Jinn, Thambanucc ignited his lightsaber and let out a ferocious beastly roar and made some of the nearby guards jump in sheer terror.
The Wookie charged with golden lightsaber blazing from the northern side of the ruined city. Master Sifo-Dyas ignited his lightsaber and ran above the fallen logs and leaped into the guards on the eastern side. All the while Master Qui-Gon Jinn leaped from the top of the small ziggurat to the central temple and began fighting his way in.
* * *
Lieutenant Hoff Siege and Raid Squadron made the first pass over the Negotta and did not saw the ruined city of Jafanara.
“It’s impossible! The Negotta could not have closed in on the city.” Raid Two said.
“Let’s make another pass.” Hoff said.
“Copy that Raid Lead.” Raid Two responded.
Artoo let out a few beeps and whistles to Hoff, “Arm your lasers and torpedoes. My astromech is detecting a huge source of energy from below.
As Raid Squadron was making the second pass the entire expanse of trees under them suddenly disappeared and the Jafanara was revealed.
“Are those lightsabers?” Raid Six exclaimed.
“Looks like the Jedi are already clearing the way for us. Let’s go team.” Hoff said and swoop low and began firing lasers on the immobile ships.
The ships disabled by Qui-Gon Jinn erupted into flames from the barrage of the entire Raid Squadron.
Gungans from the main ziggurat came out carrying STA portable cannons and began firing at them.
Two N1 Starfighters were instantly down. Hoff avoided a missile and made a steep climb to make another pass.
Back-up power generator kicked-in from the rebel base and the automatic laser turrets thrummed to power and began spewing turbolasers on Raid Squadron.
“Watch out for those turrets!” Hoff shouted.
Artoo beeped informing Hoff of an incoming call. Hoff activated the speakers and a Wookie roared through the comlink.
Artoo translated saying that it was Master Thambanucc informing them that he will pop a green smoke once he got the kid hostage out to safety.
“Copy that Master Jedi.” Hoff replied and swung the ship in time to avoid another missile and a turbolaser.
“Air is getting thick, everyone move back and use long range projectile rounds!” Hoff ordered.
Artoo screamed as a turbolaser clipped their tail. Hoff fought for the controls as the starfighter began to swing around in circles and fall.
“Oh no, not again!” Hoff grunted.
Artoo tried to stabilize the controls to no avail until Hoff finally declared, “Raid Squadron, this is Raid Lead, we’re crippled and we lost maneuverability. Prepare to eject Artoo!”
Artoo rocked in frustration from his perch and informed Hoff that their ejector has been damaged from the burnt circuits.
“It’s been an honor serving with you Raid Squadron. It’s been an honor flying with you Artoo.” Hoff said and braced himself for his imminent death.
A full minute passed and he was still alive, Hoff opened his eyes and saw that they were slowly descending on the forest a hundred meters from the open ground of Jafanara.
“What on the Core’s going on?” Hoff frowned.
Artoo whistled. Hoff look out at the canopy and spotted a human Jedi arms raised standing on one of the smaller ziggurats.
Their ship landed on a swamp, Hoff unstrapped himself, helped Artoo out and readied his blaster.
“Artoo, try to locate the kid.” Hoff said as they made their way to Jafanara.
* * *
Thambanucc knocked down one of Gantu’s commando and took his STA portable cannon and fired it at the sealed blast door repeatedly until it gave out and his cannon was out of missiles.
The Wookie charged into the smoking blastdoor and ignored the pain as his fur and skin were scorched by the intense heat of molten metal.
Thambanucc was expecting guards but when he finally found the child from one of the vacant rooms he was surprised the kid was alone and there was not even a door on the room he was in.
Rinn Olié recognized the Wookie and ran to him. Master Thambanucc lifted the boy and carefully seeks a different way out.
He was climbing down from a window when he was hailed from below by a droid and the Wookie saw a Naboo pilot accompanied by an astromech droid.
Several soldiers of the Chommell Patriots came out from the other side and opened fire at them. The Wookie jumped off and landed beside the Naboo pilot, he took the kid and handed it over to the human and ignited his weapon and growled at them to leave.
Hoff did not need any translation at all and he along with the kid and Artoo Detoo hurried back into the jungle to their downed ship.
* * *
Sifo-Dyas sliced his way to rejoin his friend Qui-Gon and the two battled their way up to the main ziggurat’s top floor. They both heard a loud Wookie roar and when they look down they saw a green smoke billowing from the burning smaller ziggurat.
Above them the surviving Raid Squadron saw the green smoke too and began the bombardment of Jafanara.
Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley were on their way to escape when the two human Jedi blocked their way out.
“In the name of the Galactic Republic we are taking you under arrest.” Sifo-Dyas raised his lightsaber as Alle tried to reach for his blaster.
“Pick your price Jedi, the human terrorist or the beautiful lady?” Lady Sarc Crimos appeared from the other side of the hallway, her blue and red lightsabers thrumming in each of her hands. The blades’ glow reflected on her heterochromic eyes.
“Crimos, are the Chommell Patriots the highest bidder now?” Sifo-Dyas slowly moved to the left as Qui-Gon casually walked to the right.
Alle and Sheeana wasted no time and ran off on the other hallway.
“Your weapons please Masters. Surely neither of you wanted to be slaughtered unarmed by a mere drop out Jedi like me.” Sarc smiled. The stunning grin she was sending was accompanied by waves of Force-induced suggestion of fantasy.
“It’s a cheap trick Crimos, it won’t work on us. I was expecting more than that from you. I guess the stories told about you were just exaggerations.” Qui-Gon scoffed and raised his green blade.
“Really now, try this one.” Sarc laughed and before their eyes she slowly faded like smoke.
“What on…” Sifo-Dyas gasped but Qui-Gon instantly whirled around as his emerald blade clashed at the Lady Crimos’ pair of lightsabers.
Sifo-Dyas moved and engaged her in Ataru. Qui-Gon was also a practitioner of Form IV and the two Jedi Masters slowly drove her out of the room and into the slopping walls of the ziggurat outside.
The Lady Sarc easily countered their attacks with her complex and self-improvised Vaapad. She lashed out at them with several deadly combinations that even Master Windu has never thought of using.
“I must say that your skill in swordplay has grown considerably.” Qui-Gon said as he gave a faint swing to the left then made an ultra-fast back hand strike to the right simultaneous to Sifo-Dyas erratic jabs and slices. The combined efforts of the two Masters left no room for Sarc to employ her own tricks and forced her to just keep blocking them.
All around them the N1 Starfighters kept dropping proton torpedoes. Explosions shook the entire ziggurat and constantly making them change their footing further affecting the precision of their respective attacks at each other.
From below Jedi Master Thambanucc made his way to join them. Sarc saw the Wookie and knew if these three found a way to gang in on her she would be killed.
Sarc Force-leaped into the next ziggurat and when the two humans tried to leap after her she Force-choked them in mid-air.
Qui-Gon and Sifo-Dyas was caught off guarded and they dropped their lightsabers in the process. The Wookie rebounded and leaped towards her as she threw Sifo-Dyas at him and gave Qui-Gon a blast of Force-lightning as he started to fall down on the burning ship below.
Another bomb fell and detonated near her and she was hurled down to the pile of logs nearby.
Sifo-Dyas went to help Qui-Gon out of the burning freighter as Master Thambanucc dashed to where the Lady Sarc Crimos has fallen. The Raid Squadron ended their bombardment and started to circle the forest scanning for human and Gungan life signature.
Thambanucc saw Crimos moving and starting to get up. He ignited his golden lightsaber and jumps at the log. She was already up and ignited her blade just in time to block the Wookie’s strike at her but the force and the strength of the Wookie drove her several steps backward.
The Wookie was also using the Juyo or Vaapad and he being of a stronger and larger species gave him an edge in terms of brute force but the Lady Crimos has agility that even the Wookie could not match.
Her two blades moved like a blur and she used the Force to dull the Wookie’s senses. The sudden changed in Master Thambanucc’s senses made him falter and the fast swinging blades of Crimos slipped past the defenses of the Wookie and severed his arms off.
The Wookie howled in pain as both of his arms fell down on the dirt. Sifo-Dyas was half-carrying, half-dragging Qui-Gon away from the ship when he saw the Wookie’s demise.
“No!” Sifo-Dyas shouted, he lay Qui-Gon down and started towards them when the burning ship exploded throwing the Jedi Master hard on the wall of the next ziggurat.
“Give my regards to my old master when you join him.” The Lady Sarc deactivated her lightsaber. The Wookie was now on his knees and for a second he thought she was going to spare him. Then Crimos lashed out her hand and the Wookie felt the invisible vise gripping his beating heart.
The Wookie howled as the Lady Crimos crushed the Jedi Master’s heart.
By the time a Naboo freighter arrived to retrieve the Jedi Masters, the Lady Sarc Crimos along with the leaders of the Chommell Patriots was long gone.
Qui-Gon Jinn and Sifo-Dyas staggered to sit beside their fallen friend. Sifo-Dyas picked up Master Thambanucc’s lightsaber and respectfully placed it on the Wookie’s chest.
From the edge of the forest, Lieutenant Siege, the kid Rinn Olié and Artoo Detoo emerged and saw the grieving Jedi.
Rinn rushed to the dead Jedi Wookie and wept. Artoo and Hoff stood beside the kid, unable to offer any words of comfort but their silent grief.

Chapter 14: The Countess and the Handmaiden

Queen Amidala was startled when her blastdoor slid open and Aluva rushed in followed shortly by Jedi Master Dooku.
“Pardon our abrupt intrusion Your Majesty; may I inquire if anyone has been here lately?” Dooku asked the Queen.
“Eirtaé was the last one to have come here. Why? Is there another threat?” she asked the Count of Serenno but her gaze was locked on Aluva. The warrior from Emberlene made a series of barely perceptible facial movements. Slight twitching of facial muscles that even Dooku didn’t noticed Aluva was doing. The Queen’s eyes were translating the handmaiden’s message through her head and understood.
The person who introduced herself as the Countess Feena is an assassin. The Jedi identified her as a certain Lady Sarc Crimos. A rogue Jedi turned bounty hunter.
Amidala signaled that she understood and turn to regard the Jedi.
“For the meantime Your Majesty, I will be here to watch over you until relieved by another Jedi.” Dooku said to her and strode out of her room. Aluva nodded at the old Jedi before closing the blastdoor behind her.
Queen Amidala slept the whole afternoon by nightfall, Aluva and Dooku returned. The Jedi stayed outside the room and kept watch as Aluva went in to ready the Queen for the night’s festivities. While waiting for the other Royal Handmaidens to arrive Amidala and Aluva chatted.
“What of the incident earlier?” Amidala asked.
“The Jedi have followed the rebel Gantu to Negotta, the entire Raid Squadron discovered and bombed the rebel base on the ruins of Jafanara. The Lady Crimos was there, along with the leaders of the Chommell Patriots but they all managed to escape. Most of the base has been destroyed, several rebels were captured but we lost five pilots and one Jedi Master.” Aluva relayed what she has learned from her friend Panaka.
“They found no link to the Trade Federation?” Amidala’s brows creased.
“So far there has not been any sign of Trade Federation involvement since the incident on Rori. They are beginning to believe that perhaps the Trade Federation is not at all involved in these recent acts of terrorism. They were now contemplating that maybe it just a coincidence that the Trade Federation are imposing a new trade treaty down on us at the same time the Chommell Patriots are wrecking havoc in our peaceful world.” Aluva sighed.
“How are our people, how many were wounded, or killed?” Amidala inquired.
“Two musicians and seven stage crew were dead from the explosion in the garden, almost a hundred for the wounded and bruised. We lost one pilot on the coronation attack plus a few more from the Jafanara raid.” Aluva answered, the blastdoor opened and the other Royal Handmaidens strode in. Dooku has first requested the handmaidens to remove their hoods in front of him before allowing them to enter.
None of them was Crimos.
“Poor Nagé, I hope she’s still alive.” Amidala said to no one in particular.
“We joined the search for her all afternoon Your Highness, we still haven’t found her, but we’re not losing hope.” Eirtaé said.
“Is everything alright now out there?” Amidala asked worriedly.
“Your Majesty, the Jedi, the Republic Sentinels and our own security personnel has tripled the security for the entire city itself. The four Elite Squadrons of the Supreme Chancellor have volunteered to circle Theed for the entire duration of the festivities. If such an attempt is made once again tonight, it will be easily dealt with.” Rabé replied.
“As long as my people are safe, I have nothing worry about.” Amidala said.
* * *
The Evening Festivities began.
Marvelous colorful fireworks marked the start of the celebration and it was displayed beautifully upon the moonlit sky of Naboo. People slowly eased up from their early shock and began to feel better until they were all cheering, clapping and smiling and laughing.
Twenty Republic Sentinels circled the Royal Garden. The Jedi were evenly divided on the Palace and on the surrounding area near the Royal Garden. The rest of the entire Naboo Palace Guards, Security Officers and Security Guards divided themselves on roof sentry, speeder and foot patrols all over the City of Theed.
Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, Galactic Senator Palpatine and Jedi Master Yoda sat among the special guests in front of the stage watching the musicians and dancers and singers perform for their new Queen who sat on a throne at the right side of the stage flanked by her retinue of Royal Handmaidens. Captain Magneta was holed up on the communications center relaying orders and monitoring the entire security set up. Lieutenant Panaka stood below the stage near the Queen keeping watch on the audience.
The celebration went on without any trouble and the people of Theed left happy and relieved. Delegates are escorted back to their hotels and were later escorted out to Theed Spaceport below the cliffs on the side of Theed Palace. Reporters and newscasters gathered on garden finalizing their recorded coverage of the coronation and the celebration, and of course, their footages on the incidents earlier.
Senator Palpatine and Supreme Chancellor Valorum bade farewell to the Queen leaving the rest of the Jedi to finally have the chance to converse openly with Queen Amidala.
“Let’s go upstairs it’s safer to talk there.” Aluva suggested and led the way. The Queen, her Handmaidens and the Jedi followed her. Governor Sio Bibble, the Advisory Council, Captain Magneta and Lieutenant Panaka was already there waiting along with Artoo Detoo and Lieutenant Hoff Siege.
“Due to the recent series of attacks aimed at the ruler of Naboo, first on the late King Veruna and now on Her Majesty Queen Amidala, the Advisory Council has all agreed to revise the existing laws in regard for the security of Naboo, its people and to Her Highness, the Queen.” Sio Bibble started.
“Amendments are in order, but first I believe Captain Magneta has something to say before we proceed.” the Governor nodded at the head of the Queen’s security.
“My Queen, as the Head of Security for the Royal Monarch of Naboo, the failure to protect and save the late King Veruna was entirely my fault. The continuous penetration of the rebels through our security falls also under my responsibility. I hereby tender my resignation and chose Captain Panaka as my successor. I believe in his tenacity and ingenuity and I am most at peace to know that he will be handling your safety. He is more than capable and more than once proven his competence and effectiveness in this service.” Magneta announced.
“I assume that you have already given much thought of this Captain Magneta. Will you accept an appointment to the Advisory Council?” Queen Amidala asked.
“I am deeply honored at your offer, my Queen. But I respectfully decline the offer.” Magneta bowed.
“Very well, let it be known as of this day Retired Captain Magneta is to receive the Crest of Naboo for his exemplary service.” the Queen declared and the Governor sealed the Queen’s decree on a flimsy and scanned it to his datapad. The certificate was now sent to the Naboo Archives as a legal and binding document.
“Captain Panaka, do you have anything to say?” Governor Bibble beckoned Panaka to step forward.
“I am profoundly grateful at the trust given to me by Captain Magneta. I have given thought of some methods to further tighten our security and once I have completed my proposal I would wish to discuss it with Her Majesty.” Panaka said hesitantly.
“Master Yoda?” Sio Bibble acknowledged the Jedi.
“Disturbs greatly in learning Sarc Crimos’ presence, we all are. Assigned by the Council to investigate this matter, Master Sifo-Dyas has been.” Master Yoda informed Queen Amidala.
“The Council will convene back to the capital and attempt to get the Trade Federation speak to us of this matter before we settle the conflict on Anzat. The Jedi ambassadors we dispatch to Cato Neimoidia never made contact. The Viceroy insists that no envoy arrived on their homeworld. Such is unlikely and I am sending Master Dooku to confront Viceroy Nute Gunray and discover what happened to the Jedi we have sent there. The Jedi will closely watch the development of this crisis and keep a constant communication with you and to Senator Palpatine.” Master Mace Windu said to her.
“What of this Lady Sarc Crimos?” Queen Amidala asked.
“She was once a padawan learner and before she could earn her knighthood she deserted the Order and went rogue. She became a bounty hunter, a mercenary until all trace of her disappeared. It was only until we spotted her yesterday on the coronation that we learned that she still lives and are now somehow on a scheme involving the Chommell Patriots. We are not yet sure of her role in this but we leave it to Master Sifo-Dyas to unravel.” Dooku explained.
“One of my Royal Handmaiden is still missing. Do you have any news about Nagé?” Amidala asked in general.
“We are still unable to find her. I pulled out the holos for the palace and saw a suspicious looking handmaiden moving about the hallways a few minutes after the explosion on the garden, but the monitors lost track of her although we strongly believe it was the Lady Crimos, as for Nagé I have no intention of stopping until I find her alive… or recover her body.” Panaka said firmly.
“My Queen, leave now we must.” Master Yoda bowed at Queen Amidala and she returned the farewell bow with grace.
“May your journey home be smooth and safe, Master Jedi.” Queen Amidala said as the Jedi Council started to leave followed by Governor Bibble and the Advisory Council.
“Captain Panaka, I trust there is more that you wish to convey without wanting the others to hear it.” Amidala regarded her new captain.
“There is, Your Highness. This was indirectly suggested by Lieutenant Hoff Siege here, and aside from that, this astromech has something very important to show you.
“Even in the safety of the palace, the eyes of the enemies lurks. Let us convene on my bedchamber. Aluva,” Amidala nodded at the Emberlene warrior and she went ahead of them as the other handmaidens flanked the Queen. Panaka moved in front of them and Hoff and Artoo put up the rare.
Aluva was standing by the blastdoor when they arrived and was the last to go inside, once the blastdoor was closed the Queen turn to face Captain Panaka.
“You may begin Captain.”
“The Royal Handmaidens has been for generations served as the most loyal and closest followers and protectors of the Queens of Naboo. They are trained on the basic skills of warfare and physical combat. I wish to suggest that we set up a secret program to further hone those battle skills. Teach the Royal Handmaidens not just how to basically learn how shoot or fight but to become weapons masters and deadly weapons themselves. I suggest that we train them of astronavigation, hyperspace calculations, ship repairs, data slicing, games and theories, zero gravity combat, outdoor survival, underwater battle techniques and a lot more.” Panaka said.
“Interesting, Captain. How do you propose we do that secretly? Who will train them and where?” Amidala asked.
“Our world is rich with unexplored regions of jungles, plains and mountains. Hoff here has been working on the search for suitable locations all afternoon with the help of his astromech droid. They have already compiled a number of perfectly hidden and defensible training grounds. As for who will teach them, I for one can teach the technical and some physical lessons. I am also seriously considering asking Aluva to be among the trainers.” Panaka said.
Amidala and Aluva looked at each other and then the Queen addressed the droid. “Show us the holomaps.”
Artoo beeped an affirmative and displayed the first three locations they believed suitable for the training grounds. Aluva leaned closer and studied the places and checked their coordinates. After only a few seconds she stood up and spoke to Captain Panaka.
“There is a small sect on the Kadalaran Archipelago in the southern region. Captain Panaka, are you familiar with the Order of Sanctuary?” Aluva asked.
“There are stories about them, legends… or myths to some, about a tribe of women who chose the life of isolation, away from the changing modern world. There was no record of their existence ever found.” Panaka said.
“My Bond-sister is a member of that Order.” Aluva revealed.
The other handmaidens gasped in disbelief. Even the Queen was taken aback. Hoff frowned in confusion and Artoo merely took in what he was seeing and hearing and processed the information in his computer brain.
“Impossible!” Panaka gaped.
“It is true. I was taken there, a year prior to my service to King Veruna. I trained there and learned the local geography, culture, history and technology. I was paired to a Sister of the Order, and we are branded as Bond-sisters. We can train the handmaidens there.” Aluva said.
“Can they be trusted?” Panaka frowned.
“I am one of them. Do you trust me?” Aluva stood straight and took out her robe. She stood naked before Panaka and Hoff who both looked away.
“This is the mark of the Order of the Sanctuary.” Aluva touched the tattoo circling her navel down to her thighs. “It is marked by a Scretin Ink, a rare fluid from the gut of a Kaboola panther, an endangered species and believed to be extinct by all of Naboo. The ink appears and disappears following the level of tenseness of the muscles of the being they are adhered. Aluva showed them how her tattoo fades and reappears.
Amidala nodded and Aluva took on her robe again.
“Who is this Bond-sister of yours and how do we get to the Order of the Sanctuary?” Panaka finally asked.
“Her name is Sabé, but you all know her as Nagé.” Aluva finally said.
“The missing handmaiden!” Hoff exclaimed then stopped, feeling chagrined for stating the obvious.
“Yes Lieutenant. That is why it is imperative that we find her. I was blind-folded when I was taken to their hidden monastery and blind-folded again when sent out to serve the King along with Sabé.” Aluva stated.
“What if she’s dead? How could we find the location of the monastery without her?” Panaka asked.
“My tattoo is the schematic of the monastery. Her tattoo is a direction from Theed to there. She is their generation’s Link Keeper. Only a full member of the Order of Sanctuary can posses a title. I am an off-worlder and my training under them isn’t that complete yet to earn full membership. I am still an Apprentice. The tattoo will also be visible even if its bearer is dead but only for a short period of time, the ink will seep into the muscles if there is no blood sustaining it to remain on the skin.” Aluva explained.
“How long will the ink last upon death?” Hoff asked.
“Twenty four hours. Sabé has been gone now for fifteen hours, assuming if she’s dead already.” Aluva replied.
“Five hours! We must hurry then!” Panaka gasped.
“Fetch the narglatchs from our zoo, they are extremely exceptional hunters. I have Sabé’s clothes. They can track her spoor in miles.” Aluva said.
“We have already thought of that but we can’t use the beasts in the zoo anymore, sometime during the chaos in the coronation, the zookeeper discovered all types of predators in there were dead. All wounds were cauterized.” Panaka shook his head.
“Lightsaber cuts leave cauterized flesh. The Lady Crimos must have slain the beasts, anticipating we need those creatures to track Sabé.” Aluva sighs.
“What if I hunt and capture one?” Hoff suggested.
“Even if you manage to capture one alive quickly, can you tame and train a narglatch in a short period of time?” Aluva asked. It was not a reproach but a sensible question.
“Now you got me stumped.” Hoff leaned on the wall and crossed his arms. Artoo moaned feeling helpless as well.
“The Jedi!” Panaka exclaimed.
“What do you mean captain?” Amidala frowned.
“They left one Jedi, Master Sifo-Dyas. I read his report. He and the other Jedi tamed and rode a narglatch when they chased Gantu to the Negotta. He can help us!” Panaka explained to them his idea.
 “Eirtaé, Rabé, accompany the Captain to the Jedi. We must get this plan moving, we don’t have much time.” the Queen ordered.
Once Captain Panaka had left with Eirtaé and Rabé, Aluva began giving instructions to the remaining Royal Handmaidens.
“Yané, Saché and Fé, listen to me closely, the Lady Sarc was a former Jedi and was born a Nightsister, she is dangerous and powerful and I have no doubt that she has no qualms to kill anyone in her path to get her task done. We need to draw her out in the open once Captain Panaka and the Jedi got their narglatch hunting for Sabé. This is what you need to do…” Aluva laid out a detailed plan to the three, thoroughly explaining to them each of their role.
The three Royal Handmaidens listened attentively at Aluva’s every word.
Queen Amidala watched them discuss and scrutinized Aluva’s plan down to the last detail. She admired their courage and devotion to their duty and their loyalty to her. Amidala also feared for their lives.

Chapter 15: A Costly Rescue

Captain Panaka crouched on a knoll in the Keldan Meadows a few kilometers from Theed Spaceport. The ocean breeze on the other side of the thin sparse rainforest of Keldagara gently caressed his face.
Ahead on the meadows itself and almost invisible now to the eyes of Panaka was Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas slowly inching his way to a family of narglatch systematically devouring their kill, a full grown kaadu.
Behind Panaka awaits the handmaidens Eirtaé and Rabé by the landspeeder.
Sifo-Dyas moved his way against the breeze to hide his spoor from the predators but when he stopped at three meters from the narglatch, one of the cubs caught sight of his movement and croaked in alarm.
The female narglatch was instantly dragging her cubs away from the unknown threat while the male growled menacingly at the unseen intruder.
Slowly, Sifo-Dyas stood up and exposed himself to the male beast. The female was already in the rainforest and keeping her cubs from running back to their kill.
Panaka raised his macrobinoculars and activated the night vision and watch as the Jedi Master slowly moves closer and closer to the growling alpha male.
Panaka watch in silence as the two stared at each other, for awhile he almost thought the Jedi and the narglatch had turned into statues but then to his surprise the narglatch approached the Jedi and allowed the human to rub his spiky mane.
Moments later Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas was riding the narglatch to Captain Panaka. The soldier took a few steps backward for he has never been this close to a narglatch, especially a wild alpha male.
“We haven’t much time.” Sifo-Dyas only said. Panaka waved at the handmaidens and the two drove the landspeeder towards them. Rabé handed Sabé’s clothes to the captain who placed it on the nostrils of the beast.
The narglatch sniffed and then roared.
Sifo-Dyas nodded at Panaka and the captain joined the handmaidens and drove the landspeeder as the narglatch began to run back to Theed bearing the Jedi and went hunting for the missing handmaiden.
The narglatch ran past startled security patrols and headed straight back to the palace itself.
“Why are we heading back there?” Panaka frowned.
“The Lady Crimos must have had no time to hide Sabé away.” Eirtaé said.
Sifo-Dyas’ ride entered through the palace and went to the main hangar bay where surprised pilots jumped from their siestas at the sight of the deadly predator. They only calmed when they noticed that it was being ridden by a Jedi.
Captain Panaka and the two handmaidens trailed behind on foot. The narglatch was clawing on the closed massive blastdoor.
“What’s behind this?” Sifo-Dyas asked Captain Panaka.
“It’s our Plasma Refinery Complex. There are no people inside there. Our engineers monitor the harvesting of plasma from the control station near the communications center on the other side of the Palace. We only send technicians there for maintenance, about once a month.” Panaka answered and started to punch the codes to open it at the Jedi’s order.
The narglatch instantly leaped inside once the blastdoor was wide enough to admit the beast and ran straight through the walkway to the last pillar at the far edge. Panaka and the handmaidens ran after the bounding creature.
There was a maintenance shaft at the far end and the beast was once again clawing the sealed door. When Panaka finally caught up with them, the Jedi ask him to open the door.
Panaka punched the combination but the hatch did not respond to it. He tried the override command to no avail. Sifo-Dyas dropped off the beast and took out his lightsaber and told them to step back. Igniting his weapon he began piercing it through the thick metal door and carves a cut around the locks. Then with a wave of his hand the blastdoor swung open and he stepped inside. Panaka ordered the handmaidens to stay with the narglatch who were lain down on its belly and began gnawing at the edge of the open metal door.
There were six laser doors lined-up along the corridor leading to the generator’s core, it was a deep shaft running down like a giant empty well to the gargantuan reactors far below.
“The laser doors alternately open and close in every minute or two, allowing a measured control for the unpredictable power outputs and surges caused by the mined plasma energies.” Panaka explained.
Sifo-Dyas waited until the laser doors began to turn and deactivate its lasers. The Jedi dashed in followed by Panaka but the laser doors closed in again before Sifo-Dyas could reach the platform of the generator’s core.
When the laser doors finally opened again, Panaka and Sifo-Dyas stood on the empty platform and look down on the deep drop to the reactors.
Reaching out to the Force, Sifo-Dyas felt two presences below the shaft. One was weak but defiant and the other dark and menacing.
“She’s down there. What can you tell me about the reactor down there?” Sifo-Dyas asked Panaka.
“Maintenance Droids pretty much dominated that area. We have emergency exits below there that leads out to the cliff face walkways. We only send techs there once a year.” Panaka answered.
“The missing handmaiden is there, I can feel her and she’s alive but probably weak from drug or torture. There is another one with her, and I am pretty much sure who it is.” Sifo-Dyas said.
“Should I call for back-up?” Panaka asked.
“Just get some men on that cliff side exit you were talking about, Crimos might flee on that direction, unless there is another way out of here.” Sifo-Dyas instructed.
“There are exhaust shafts, about several dozen of them extending from one side of the reactor walls to the other side. A human could fit there but the surface leading to each of those exhaust shafts are surging with plasma energy, any life-form who touches it would be burnt to cinders.” Panaka replied.
“I’ll bear that in mind then. Get those men on the other side, let’s get this over with.” Sifo-Dyas leaped into the chasm and use the Force to control his fall.
He landed with a loud thud and was instantly assaulted by the Lady Crimos, her pair of lightsabers swinging and swirling left and right, up and down. Sifo-Dyas allowed the Force to guide his parries and blocks and matched her ferocity with his calm speed.
There was a low opening on the side of the shaft’s curved wall where the Lady Crimos had come, Sifo-Dyas heard a scream from the inside and was relieved to know that the Royal Handmaiden was alive and conscious.
He changed his tactic and began an elaborate tricky combination of witty lightsaber skills augmented by the Force to slowly drive the Lady Crimos back into the low exit door.
It was a chest high short tunnel and the two awkwardly continue swinging their blades against each other while bent on their backs and arduously making their way to the larger storage area where they could both stand erect again.
Once through, Sifo-Dyas instantly spotted Sabé tied into a large metal column struggling to loosen her bound hands and legs. Her face was bruised and her undergarments torn and bloodied. The Jedi was slightly surprise to notice a striking resemblance of the handmaiden to the Queen herself.
His thoughts were snatched from his mind as the Lady Crimos increased her strength and hammering him with her lightsabers. Sifo-Dyas fainted left in his slash and went right though when Crimos rolled to the other side to avoid the strike, the blade of the Jedi cut through the bound hands and feet of the handmaiden.
Once freed, Sabé moved surprisingly fast despite her numerous cuts, bruises and broken ribs. She lashed out her steely fingers into a deadly chop and hit the left shoulder blades of Crimos. The cracking of the bone sent a searing pain on the Dathomiri-born Dark Jedi and as she fell down on her knees Sifo-Dyas whirled his lightsaber to disarm her.
Crimos’ blue lightsaber fell and roll and was almost caught on the flashing surge of plasma energy from the giant reactor behind them. Crimos Force-shoved Sifo-Dyas and throwing him hard at the panels of metal tubes and wirings that startled the spiderlike maintenance droids.
Crimos reached out and summoned her ignited blade but Sabé intercepted the weapon and caught it in her hands. Crimos adjusted her position as Sifo-Dyas renewed his attack on her with force while the handmaiden swung her lightsaber like a harbinger of death.
Crimos strained at the combined attacks of the Jedi and the handmaiden. Even though Sabé is not a Force-sensitive she was exemplary versed with sword fighting.
Crimos laughed like a demon and use the Force to deactivate her lightsaber in the handmaiden’s hands. The blade winked out and as Sabé tried to ignite it she learned that there was no buttons at all on Lady Crimos’ pair or lightsabers.
Sabé threw the useless lightsaber and it almost made contact with the reactor. Crimos then let go of a concentrated Force-lightning and hit the handmaiden.
Sifo-Dyas spins around and placed his lightsaber blade through the surging lightning. The force of Crimos’ strike dissipated as his lightsaber absorbs the energy.
“There’s an exit down there, go!” Sifo-Dyas shouted at Sabé who was groggily trying to get up. She looked at the eye of the Jedi and nodded. Crimos tried to use the Force to choke her but Sifo-Dyas slammed his entire body on the Dark Jedi allowing the handmaiden to escape. Crimos instead summoned her lightsaber and ignited it and began moving like a blur with her two lightsabers striking on every possible direction.
“Who hired you Crimos?” Sifo-Dyas raised his blade and swung left as he blocks the two simultaneous strikes of her weapons.
“I doubt that the Chommell Patriots could actually have the means to pay for your service.” Sifo-Dyas said.
“You’d be surprise to know how well founded the Chommell Patriots really are and how vast their numbers had grown.” Crimos snarled.
“Understandable knowing how wealthy the Trade Federation is.” Sifo-Dyas ducked sweeps his blade and as Crimos jumps he Force-shove her until she was pressed on the wall.
Sifo-Dyas felt the surge in the ambience and dropped his hold on her to raise his lightsaber as Crimos once again released a Force-lightning towards him.
“You can’t employ the same trick to the same opponent. You should know that by now.” Sifo-Dyas returned the surge of energy to her.
Crimos groaned at the impact of the Force-lightning on her body but heaved herself up and charged again.
Her pair of lightsabers came swinging in every direction trying to caught the Jedi’s single blade and disarm him.
Sifo-Dyas concentrated on the defense as Crimos drew to the Force and increased her speed and the force of her blows.
Suddenly a loud screeching noise filled the chamber like metal claws on a metal surface. The two combatants did not broke out from their duel but stayed alert on what’s making that noise.
A loud thud echoed from the shaft area and a loud monstrous roar filled the confines. When the two disengaged at each other the alpha male narglatch leaped to the surprised Lady Crimos.
Sifo-Dyas in his quick thinking use the Force to snatch her lightsabers from her. Crimos was left to battle the large powerful beasts with her Force assisted strength.
The Jedi momentarily left her to the mercy of the narglatch to look outside the exit and when he saw Sabé safely seated on a landspeeder accompanied by several security personnel he returned to stop the narglatch and cuff Crimos with a VK Stun-cuff set to maximum charge.
The aim of the electrical surge in the VK Stun-cuff is to keep the body electrically grounded constantly preventing a Force-user from focusing on tapping into the Force. Maximum settings are usually used for Dark Jedi and the likes, and in ancient times, against the Sith.
Crimos was still wrestling against the beast, doing her best to keep its fangs from biting on her flesh.
As Sifo-Dyas approaches, the Lady Crimos snatched the VK Stun-cuff from the startled Jedi and sent it tumbling on the surface of the reactors.
The electrical charge of the VK Stun-cuff sent sparks and stirred an overload on the plasma reactors.
“Run!” Sifo-Dyas shouted at the top of his lungs to those outside the exit as he gave everything he got to call onto the Force and cover the entire reactor with a containment Force-shield.
The first reactor exploded and despite the strained effort of the Jedi to keep the projected Force-shield intact, the initial heat and fire escape and blasted him out of the exit door and sent him falling down a thousand foot drop cliff.
The plasma overload seethed out of the shaft and the blast was contained until it dissipated. The Force-shield was shattered but it prevented the rest of the reactors to overload and explode.
Dazed, Sifo-Dyas realized he was on a free fall to his death. He took a thin tensile rope with a metal hook and threw it on the cliff wall hoping it would get caught on the overhanging rocks or plants.
It took a few seconds until the string became taut and he stopped from falling farther down. He swung to the cliff and measured which way was shorter, up or down.
He was spared of the choice when an airspeeder from the spaceport nearby flew towards him and hailed him.
“Ahoy there, can you leap to us?” the driver shouted.
“Sure, move a little closer!” Sifo-Dyas said.
* * *
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas awakened in a bacta-tank, deep in the Palace’ medical wing and after two hours the medical droid finally allowed him to visit the handmaiden Sabé.
Captain Panaka, Lieutenant Siege, Aluva and an astromech droid was there. The Queen sat by the foot of the bed of Sabé.
“Master Jedi, how are you?” the Queen asked once she saw him by the doorway.
“Healed as if nothing happened at me, thanks to the combined healing power of the Force and the science of bacta.” he bowed and looks at the handmaiden.
“Master Sifo-Dyas, I am indebted to you. I owe you my life.” Sabé said to him.
“The debt isn’t necessary.” he smiled at her then turn to ask Captain Panaka. The other seemed to be anticipating his question so he answered before he could even asked.
“The spaceport crew that recovered you said you passed out the moment you landed on their airspeeder. They also recovered the unconscious Sabé here on the burning landspeeder. We lost her escorts, five guards and two officers. We also lost six pilots and five more guards by the hangar. They were attacked by the Lady Crimos who commandeered one of our Starfighter and escaped. Lieutenant Hoff here took a ship and chased her across the sky but she escaped when she entered the clouds, their sensors failed and he did not risk pushing ahead. Crimos also knocked two of the handmaidens waiting up on the walkway, but they are alright now.” Panaka explained.
“Eighteen lives!” Sifo-Dyas slumped on the wall and buried his face on his palms.
“You save thousands of lives Master Sifo-Dyas. That reactor should have exploded, all of them, but it didn’t and we know it was your doing. Had it exploded the entire palace itself would have exploded and crumble down by the cliff.” Queen Amidala said to him.
“How did she survived the blast? The last time I saw her she was being held down by the narglatch.” Sifo-Dyas asked.
“The team we sent to fix the reactor saw a burned carcass of the narglatch. Its underbelly was only slightly burned. Its back took the brunt of the explosion. Crimos must have insulated herself and use the beast as her shield.” Panaka explained.
“The Lady Crimos will return, she will stop at nothing to do what she was sent her to do here. And we still don’t know who is behind all of this. Even though I know all of you are thinking of the same suspect, we still don’t have that enough evidence.” Sifo-Dyas said.
“I agree. That is why I am temporarily leaving you to handle the Queen’s security and take command of our security personnel and pilots.” Panaka said.
“Where are you going?” Sifo-Dyas inquired.
“I am sending the Captain with Sabé to make contact with the Order of the Sanctuary.” the Queen said. “Master Jedi, a lot of things will now change here on Naboo, but by the name of the Force I will not allow these evil forces to destroy our future. I cannot do this alone. I will need all of your help.”

Chapter 16: The Staff of Vision

Adnara Prime, Adnara Sector, Outer Rim.
The entire Sector used to be grand and powerful, during the Hundred Year Darkness era when the Adnaran Sith Imperium was considered one of the most deadliest among the Seven Sith Imperium who wage war against the Republic and it’s Jedi Order, the armies of Ajunta Pall, and the Sith Order of Lord Graush on Korriban.
There is no record of proof about this story but Lord Maul believed it to be true. The Dark Side of the Force permeates the very core of the entire Adnara Sector. There are many other sectors that generates such ambience, all were once member of the Seven Sith Imperium. It could not possibly be just coincidence even though both the Sith and the Jedi and especially the Republic denies that such stories were real.
Darth Millennial was the first to discover the truth about this forgotten hole in the past. His Master believes it. There is no need to contest such affirmation.
The Adnarans were said to be master builders of warships and warfare in their Golden Age. Now they were reduced to primitive scattered tribes, each has long established their own form of religion.
The Republic held no interest in this sector. Its sources long exhausted. Its people long neglected. From space faring conquerors they have become pathetic primitive savages.
Their technology and culture long lost.
There is only one relic from their history that matters now to Lord Maul. The Staff of Vision that is said to be under the possession of the current King of the Aspacian Tribe.
That king is said to be the ruler of the largest and most powerful tribe in all of the Adnaran Sector. That king, he was told, was the last descendant of Darth Venomous, the last Dark Lord of the Sith of the Adnaran Sith Imperium.
If he is to believe what his Master has told to him about Lord Venomous, Maul would have been hell-bent to learn what the Adnaran Sith Lord posses.
But the Sith was dead for thousands of years now. What’s important now was the Staff of Vision, the one said to be created by the last Adnaran Sith.
Reaching the top of the Shak’ringgan Mountain he finally saw the Ruins of Aspacia.
 Before him some fifty kilometers from the foot of the mountain lay sprawled under the white sun was the Ruins of Aspacia, a once great metropolis, like a chunk of Coruscant that fell on this barren world. Now it was nothing but a tomb of gargantuan buildings, desolate and desecrated.
Maul took his macrobinoculars and scanned the ruins. He was surprised to see that every single building, no matter what state of damage, house hundreds to thousands of Adnarans.
Maul lowered his macrobinoculars and looked at the old city again.  He had counted at least an estimate of ten to twenty families on one floor alone, not counting those he could not see on that same floor. If every single floor of every buildings out there are populated similarly then these tribe numbers by millions, perhaps about a hundred million.
And they are just one tribe.
He scanned the city again and spotted at the center what seemed to be more recently erected ziggurat compare to the rest of the city. It has to be the Temple of the Fang Lords.
Lord Sidious has warned him to be cautious and mindful once he enters that temple. He will be.
He began the long trek down the mountain. He was forty thousand feet above sea level and the air here is so thin it would have killed a human already. But he is a Zabrak, a Nightbrother and a Sith. Such pain and torture are most welcome.
The white sun was already receding in the distant horizon by the time he reached the ground.
A kilometer from him he saw an army of Aspacian tribe lined out in ranks in the barren land before him. A single rider on a beast whose species he has no idea came trotting towards him.
Darth Maul stood and waited.
When the rider reach within hearing distance it halted and called out at him in a hissing tongue. Like a snake uttering incomprehensible sounds it ranted on. Maul knew the rider was inquiring of who he is and what his purpose is.
Maul just stared at the rider unmoving.
The rider bellowed a cry of challenge and still the Sith Lord did not budge or reacted. Flustered and angered the rider charged and unsheathed a curving broadsword glittering with an electric charge.
Darth Maul ignited only one of his double-bladed lightsaber and waited.
When the rider reached him Maul finally got a good look at the Adnaran. He was reptilian, snake-like, tinged with dark green and battle-scarred. They’re species could easily pass for a Barabel on some worlds who thinks species of the same types are one and the same.
Maul raised his crimson blade to block the descending blow. His blade exploded in sparks upon contact and shorted out. Maul dropped and rolled under the tramping creature and leaped from the other side and snatched the rider’s sword and somersaulted above him, while in mid-air and upside down Maul slashed the sword and beheaded the rider. He landed the same time the Adnaran’s head fell on the ground.
The sword in his hand felt heavy but strong. He clipped his lightsaber and held the sword, feeling its weigh on his hands.
Ten Adnarans shouted in rage and charged. The others held their position. Darth Maul snarled and leaped to ride the beast. He led the animal to charge its masters and upon contact he swung his new sword, cutting through flesh and limbs. By the time he was circling back to face the rest, there was only half of them left on their mounts.
Maul hissed a challenge and charged again. The five complied and went head on. At the last moment Maul catapulted out from his beast and landed on the last warrior and sliced him from left shoulder to right armpit. The primitive blade sliced through the warrior like butter.
Maul snarled and licked the blood on his sword. The blood was slick and oily, his tongue burns at the touch on the electrostatic filled blade. Darth Maul savored the odd thrill of electrocution. Using the Force he became a blur and in mere seconds all of them were hacked in pieces. The beasts ran and scattered.
Darth Maul raised his sword and let out a howl of defiance.
One of the Adnaran on foot shouted back and all seven hundred of them charged.
Lord Maul has tasted blood. He will not be sated until all of them are nothing more but a rotting gore on the bleak soil of Adnara Prime.
* * *
It was a moonless night and Aspacia was shrouded in darkness. Darth Maul moved slowly, even after allowing his eyes to adjust in the dark he still could not see past the reach of his arm.
He tried to reach out in the Force but the multitude of strong presence of individual Adnarans living in the city made it hard for him to discern if one is miles away or already standing before him.
He focused instead on his natural instinct and senses, the ground was dry and the soft wind was gently blowing from his left side. There were nocturnal noise in every direction and he could smell the stench of rotten carcasses from the carnage he left earlier.
Slaughtering seven hundred Adnarans even with the help of the dark side did take its toll on him. Maul felt exhaustion but he fought it back and strengthened his resolve to make it through the darkness and reach the city which to his estimate was still a good twenty kilometers from where he was blindly walking.
Darth Maul’s senses suddenly screamed at him and told him to stop. Maul stilled his breathing, his pulse, his heartbeat.
Using the Force he enhanced his senses and confirmed that there was someone else nearby. Prodding deeper he touched the presence and Maul physically recoiled, he was startled because the presence came directly behind him.
Darth Maul’s hand went to his lightsaber and raised it, ignited and whirled to face whoever was beside him.
The red light of his weapon illuminated an Adnaran peasant. Maul surmised the other was a farmer, for he wore a simple brown tunic, carrying a long walking stick and behind him was a cart of harvested crops.
“Forgive my intrusion stranger, I am but a humble peasant on his way home.” the Adnaran said to him.
“How did you learn to speak our tongue?” Darth Maul asked, still not lowering his lightsaber.
“All of us do. It is part of our culture since the waning days of the Hundred Year Darkness area.” the old man hissed.
“The warriors I’ve fought, none of them spoke…” Maul’s brows creased.
“They can, they just didn’t. It’s a choice young warrior.” the Adnaran said.
“Is it always this dark in this world during nighttime?” Maul asked.
“There are a few rocks this way. Come and I will make a fire and I will answer all of your questions.” the Adnaran stated to walk away. Darth Maul sensed no deception in him so he followed closely, fearing if he stray behind he would lose sight of him.
The Adnaran sat on a rock and placed a few firewood and use a flint to start a fire while Maul sat on another rock opposite him, senses alert for lurking threats but the stagnant sense of foreboding and darkness he felt ever since he entered Adnaran space still clogged all around him, dulling his awareness.
He shuts off his weapon and clipped it back to his belt and watches the other like a predator studying its prey.
“Are you hungry? I haven’t eaten yet, do you mind if I make something to eat?” the Adnaran asked him.
“I am famished.” Maul simply said.
The Adnaran dropped his sack. Something alive is in there because the sack is constantly rippling with movement. He took one out and it was a small mammalian creature, like the womprats of Tatooine, only smaller.
Instead of putting it in the fire, the Adnaran bit its neck and blood oozed down from his chin and down to the soil.
“Do you prefer yours cooked?” the other asked and tossed Maul one squeaking creature.
Maul used the Force to grip the creature in mid-air. The small animal squealed as Maul crushed its small heart. When the creature was dead, Maul let it floats before him and use the Force once again to tear out its belly and remove its innards. He let the blood flow down until it slowed to trickles. The dead creature hovered back to the fire while the skin peeled off from it. While he was waiting for it to be cooked, the Adnaran had finished its meal and was washing the blood from his face and spoke to him.
“You are a Force-user, you don’t look like a Jedi, I assume you are Sith.” He said.
“Let’s start by telling me who you are.” Maul said instead.
“I am Yn Nyrel, a farmer with no family.” He said.
“Darth Maul.” The Zabrak said.
“Ah a Darth yet exist. Which one are you, a master or the apprentice?” Yn asked.
“I thought I was the one to do the asking here.” Maul hissed.
“Very well, ask.”
“How many are the Aspacians in there?” Maul watch as Yn took out a flask of ale and poured some on Maul’s cooking meal.
“There are about thirty million of us there, including the old, women and children.” Yn said as he took our herbs and spices, ground them to powder on the rocks and scooped them in his scaled hands and sprinkled it on the dead animal.
“I estimated a hundred million.” Maul said as the wonderful aroma whiffed in his nose and the Zabrak felt hungrier than ever.
“Your question is about how many of us in there.” Yn said.
“So there is more of your kind. Where are they?” Maul asked as he moves the cooked creature and took it in his gloved hands.
“Your estimate is correct. The other warriors are scattered across the planet among the lesser tribes, some are off world on the other Adnaran planets.” Yn nodded.
Maul looked at the other in surprise, “You have ships. I thought you’re technology was lost and that you have progressed backwards.”
“We retained spaceflight. We just don’t leave our sector and involve ourselves on galactic matters anymore like our ancestors used to.” Yn explained.
“I see. How can you maintain your spaceflight technology? I scanned the sector in my ship on my way here and didn’t detect any foundries, not even electricity.” Maul bit the cooked meal and it tasted great.
“There are shipyards in our moons, underground and the shale rocks of our moons serves as a deterrent to even the most modern and sophisticated scanning technology the galaxy has to throw at us.”
“You have shipyards, how do you maintain them? I don’t think any of your worlds is that self-sufficient, who’s trading with you?” Maul pressed as he devours his food.
“We have droid foundries deep beneath this very land. We are founded by the Banking Guild and the Trade Federation.” Yn admitted.
“How could a mere old farmer such as you know all of these?” Darth Maul finished his meal and stood up and unclipped his lightsaber glaring at the other.
“I was once a General. I used to lead my warriors to battle, to war…” Yn’s red orb glittered in reminisce.
“You didn’t stumble upon me by happenstance Yn Nyrel. Who are you really? Tell me the truth.” Darth Maul growled and ignited only one end of his lightsaber.
“You can’t handle the truth about me Lord Maul, not yet. Lord Sidious told me you are not yet ready for such revelations.” Yn Nyrel slowly stood up, somehow he seemed to loom larger than earlier, his old age dissipated before his eyes and a young primed Adnaran now stood before him.
“You know my Master? What are you talking about?” Maul gripped his weapon in confusion and anger. He’s been tricked by his master again. Lord Sidious are in contact with the Adnarans after all.
“I feel the raw hatred in you. Use it, it is the way of the Sith.” Yn’s voice pitched deeper and had gone more resonating. The fire between them slowly flickered into fading light.
Yn Nyrel took something out from his tunic it was a long stick that resembles a dead preserved snake with exoskeleton.
Darth Maul was surprised to see a coruscating red beam lanced out from the end of the snake stick. It was a lightsaber after all.
“I am Lord Yn Nyrel. I am the King of the Adnaran. Grovel at my feet, Sith Acolyte.” Nyrel hissed and bared his needle sharp fangs.
“I grovel at no one.” Maul’s entire body tensed in readiness.
Yn Nyrel let out a bellow of mocking laughter.
“You dare mock Darth Maul, Dark Lord of the Sith.” Maul gritted his teeth and leaped, lightsaber spinning and blazing.
The Adnaran king was still laughing when Maul felt himself being tossed away in mid-air like a rock and landed several meters away.
Maul stood up at once and could barely see where Yn Nyrel was, the fire he made has already died and Maul was once again blinded. He can only discern those illuminated by his own blade. Of the other’s lightsaber he could not see at all, Yn Nyrel must have closed it.
“The time for fighting me has not yet come for you little apprentice. You have much to learn. The Staff of Vision I will grant to you. I left it perched atop the temple at the center of Aspacia. I have awakened my warriors and they guard it with their life. Fight your way through them, get the Staff and fight your way out. Only the worthy can take the Staff of Vision away from its maker.” Yn Nyrel’s voice echoed in the darkness.
Darth Maul frowned. Only the worthy can take the Staff of Vision from its maker. Its maker! Darth Maul’s mind raced, Darth Venomous was the maker of the staff. He was dead for thousands of years.
Maul scanned the pitch black night expecting to see Yn Nyrel emerging like a harbinger of death. But he didn’t show himself.
Yn Nyrel is Darth Venomous! Maul shook the absurdity of it but somehow it felt true. Then he turns his attention on what Yn Nyrel has said. His target was waiting for him up there, guarded by probably millions of warriors. Darth Maul calmed his storm and waited for the white sun to rise.
At dawn he will attack.

Chapter 17: The Order of the Sanctuary

Captain Panaka landed the airspeeder at the edge of the Kadalaran Archipelago on an island called Magga Cove.
Sabé and Panaka then helped the astromech droid out of the airspeeder and placed him on the ground.
“What now?” Panaka asked Sabé.
“What I must do is to blindfold you and deactivate the droid because the location of the Monastery must not be discovered by people… and droids… outside the Order of the Sanctuary. Obviously I can’t do both if I am to lead you two there. I can’t carry the droid and at the same time lead you there blindfolded therefore I must ask you to make an Oath of Secrecy. As for the droid, we can wipe out his memories later.” Sabé said.
“Tell me about this Oath of Secrecy first.” Panaka took their thick fur coats from the airspeeder.
“It is a binding promise never to reveal the way to the Monastery even in the face of death.” Sabé explained.
“Alright I can do that.” Panaka nodded.
As Sabé make Panaka take the Oath of Secrecy, Artoo Detoo retrieves every data he has in storage regarding the Kadalaran Archipelago especially the maps. There were no records of any Monastery or mention of the Order of the Sanctuary in his database. He then extracted his sensor dish from his dome and made a wide arcing sweep of the area and recorded a live holomapping procedure.
Artoo compressed and compiled the new input data and compared it to the existing map in his memory and found minor changes mostly through the regular minute continental drift. He spotted one notable difference only from the new map. There was a structure by the center of the largest island on the center of the Kadalaran, its existence possibly erased from the official records long before the Time of Peace even began. Artoo logged in the coordinates and hid it in deep storage.
When Captain Panaka was done making the Oath of Secrecy, Artoo had long returned his sensor dish back inside him.
“There is a canoe hidden by the ridge down there, we will use it to get to Kaboola Island.” Sabé pointed down the slope.
“Let’s go Artoo.” Captain Panaka waved at the astromech droid as he started to follow Sabé on the descent.
Captain Panaka gunned the engines and they sailed across the cold waters of the Kadalaran. All around them, islands of varying shapes and sizes slowly sailed past them. Sabé sat at the front looking ahead and around her as if expecting something to leap out from the nearby shores and attack them. Artoo Detoo was perched at the center, his dome rotating constantly, taking in on the surrounding and occasionally making readings and scans for life forms. All he detected were small birds, critters and fishes.
A mountain loomed ahead and Sabé turn to address her companions, “The Kaboola volcano. We are close.” She announced.
The island proved farther than Panaka estimated because it took them half an hour to reach the shores. Moments later they were already walking through the snow covered forest of the Kaboola Island.
“Stay close to me, Captain set your blaster to kill. We are entering the panther region and they are violently territorial.” Sabé warned them.
Artoo let out a moan and huddled close to the two humans. Panaka kept looking behind him, aiming his blaster as Sabé took the lead with her own blaster at hand.
They have gotten halfway through the panther region when the first sign of the predators finally appeared. Up the crest of a hill to their right they heard the crunching of ice as several growling Kaboola panthers began to track their progress.
Three panthers came out of the other side and walked down the hill to stand behind Panaka some five meters away.
“Don’t engage them yet. Sometimes they just observe passersby, albeit as rare as such comes to around these regions.” Sabé whispered.
“And when they’re not observing?” Panaka asked softly.
“They feast.” Sabé answered casually.
“They feast. Now I feel better.” Panaka rolled his eyes and fidgeted on his blaster.
“Just keep walking.” Sabé hissed. Artoo moaned silently and counted about a dozen Kaboola panthers already surrounding them, hidden. After a full minute of slow walk another three panthers came out from hiding and blocked Sabé’s path. The others exposed themselves as well and Panaka soon saw that they have been surrounded. The Kaboola panthers were larger than the narglatch and far more deadly.
“I don’t think they will settle for the observing part anymore.” Panaka muttered.
“Leave that to me.” Sabé took off her fur coat and took out her robes revealing her almost naked body in the cold. She was wearing a primitive tribal metal bikini similar to what Panaka have seen in his days on Tolan when he encountered the Hutts for the first time and saw slave dancers in revealing metal bikinis but Sabé was wearing a different one, it was both enticing and menacing. There was a touch of ferocity in the carvings and design. She looks more ominous than alluring. The pack leader sniffed and grunted at his pack and one by one they left them alone.
“What did just happen? They don’t like beautiful women?” Panaka asked and tried to make light of the situation.
“Oh they like beautiful women alright.” Sabé smiled and the ominous aura in her vanished in that warm heartbreaking smile. Panaka suddenly saw her as what she truly is, a very stunning young perfectly built woman.
Captain Panaka blushed and changed the topic taking his eyes off of her as Sabé took her robe and fur coat back on. “Why did they left?”
“The Kaboola panthers and the Order of the Sanctuary have this unspoken truce. We preserve them from extinction and protect them from occasional hunters and in return they leave us alone and allow us to slay one of their own once a year for the Scretin ink found of their gut. What I was wearing is our hunting armor.” She explained.
“I see, interesting ecology. Armor huh? Some protection, doesn’t it make you vulnerable to the cold?” Panaka nodded as they resume their journey to the monastery.
“It provides mobility, and there’s a thin invisible electrostatic shield generated from our hunting armor, it stings the beasts upon contact.” Sabé grinned.
Their trek led them uphill and by the time Sabé called for a stop they were already high on a cliff facing two hanging bridges. One has a steps spaced widely apart and the other was full and intact. Captain Panaka raised his macrobinoculars and spotted two guards each on the other end of the two hanging bridge, they were women wearing the same revealing metal bikini Sabé wore but these pair has a thick fur coat over their shoulders giving a little protection from the cold.
“One of yours?” Panaka assumed.
“They are the Guardians of the Bridge of the Righteous and the Bridge of Trials. Only a member of the Order of Sanctuary is allowed to pass the Bridge of the Righteous. You must take the other and carry the droid with you. Droids are not exactly allowed to pass the bridge, but he can serve as your burden for the trials.” Sabé pointed at the two bridges.
“What’s going to happen on the Bridge of Trials?” Panaka asked as Sabé began to attach straps on Panaka’s body and straps the astromech droid behind him. Artoo moaned in uncertainty but Sabé simple smiled at them both. The steps on the bridge were evenly gapped, each plank is separated from the next for about half a meter.
“The Guardian will ask you and for every correct answer you are allowed to take a step forward.” Sabé replied.
“And if my answer is wrong?” Panaka frowned.
Sabé cocked her head on the two guardians on the other side of the bridges. Panaka raised his macrobinoculars again and saw the two wielding bow and arrow and were aiming at him.
“I figures.” Panaka groaned. “What kind of questions will they be asking me?”
“Your journey through that bridge will bring peace in you if you get through it. Just be honest no matter what happens.” Sabé informed him.
“Somehow it’s not very reassuring. Very well, let’s get this over with. Don’t move much Artoo, you wouldn’t want me to lose my balance and plunge us to our death right?” Panaka sighed.
Artoo beeped a retort but the meaning was lost to Panaka as he finally saw what was waiting down below the five hundred feet drop, a rocky river with violent raging waters.
“I am ready!” Panaka called out.
“Do you blame your father for having you leave Naboo and learn on distant worlds instead of studying among your friends here on Naboo?” the first guardian shouted.
Panaka paled and gave a confused look at Sabé who was matching his position from the other bridge.
“How on the… how could they know that?” Panaka gasped at Sabé.
“They are both in a trance. They are sensitive in the Force and are drifting in the realms of our minds. Just answer with all honesty.” Sabé said to him.
“Yes, I blamed him back then but not anymore. I understand his reasons now.” Panaka admitted.
“Step forward.” The first guardian said but did not lower her bow.
Panaka obeyed and took one long cautious step on the next plank of the hanging bridge.
“In your years in Tolan did you refuse to speak with your father because of that gap?” the second guardian asked.
Panaka felt a lump in his throat, guilt started to build in his chest. “Yes, I was mad at him all those years I was away. I can’t help to think how much of my life was lost just because I need to follow his dreams for me.”
“Step forward.” The second guardian said.
“When you returned home did you deliberately ignored your father and lived alone in an apartment in Theed when you discovered that your love has married your brother instead of waiting for you?” the first guardian asked.
“Yes. I ignored him when I came back, refused to make contact with him. I didn’t know he was already dying that time and wishes to speak with me. I learned of his death too late. Too late to even say I am sorry.” Panaka shouted and felt buried pains resurfacing in him. He felt tears beginning to flow in his cheeks.
“Step forward.”
“Did you secretly harbor a grudge against your own brother for marrying the woman you love?”
“I have. But when their son was born and I finally held my nephew Typho in my arms I felt ashamed of myself. She did waited for me and in her longing she found comfort and strength to the only other person she knows that shares her longing for me. I felt foolish to have thought differently of them both. That is why I am doing my best to forgive myself for that by being there for Typho as he grows up.” Panaka fought his sobs but it came out anyway.
“Step forward.”
“Do you blame yourself for your failure to bring Veermok to justice?”
“I did. I still do.” Panaka nodded.
“Step forward.”
“Do you swear with your life that you will never again let anyone under your care fall onto harm’s way as long as there is something you can do against it?”
“Yes.”
“Captain Panaka you have taken the Oath of Secrecy. Did you took the oath with all of your heart or you did it to get through with your mission here?”
“Yes to both.”
“Step forward. Welcome to the Monastery of the Order of the Sanctuary.” The two guardians chorused.
Captain Panaka gasped in relief for making it through and in awe at the looming temple before him that was entirely hidden from their vantage on the other cliff. The front of the monastery was carved out from the face of the volcano itself, the obsidian black rocks and the four massive statues standing at the entrance gave a touch of ancientness in the temple.
Thirty-one women emerged from the large metal blastgate and leading them was a woman no older than Panaka himself.
“Greetings Captain Panaka, I am the Lady Crystaé and the Head of the Order of the Sanctuary for eighty years now. Welcome to our Monastery.” she introduced herself to him.
“Eighty? How old are you?” Panaka gasped as Sabé help him put Artoo Detoo down.
“I began my service at the age of thirteen. But let us not discuss the past, we are here to talk about the future.” the Lady Crystaé said and beckoned him to follow her back inside.
Captain Panaka and Artoo Detoo were both astounded to see the interior of the monastery. They were expecting to see stone hallways lit with torches but instead they were in a brightly lit hallway with high ceiling lit by a series of glow panels. The walls were of light blue paint over durasteel plating. Computer terminals can be seen every ten meters beside blastdoors that leads to side passages. Ahead at the end of the main corridor were four turbolifts.
“I thought this monastery was ancient?” Panaka gasped.
“It is, but you can say that we are up to date, Captain. Thanks to the past kings and queens of Naboo our place have been receiving a great deal of care.” the Lady explained as they took the third turbolift and began the descent.
“The past monarchs have been here?” Panaka asked.
“From the first King Jafan himself. My ancestor the first Lady of the Order of the Sanctuary was one of the most loyal friends of Naboo’s first king. We have been long providing Naboo with the best trained women to serve Naboo from Security personnel to pilots, from simple palace staff to the Royal Handmaiden. Some of the past Queens were in fact from our Order, although we stopped providing Naboo with our people when Veruna came to power. We decided to send a pair only every year that is why there is only Aluva and Sabé among the Royal Handmaidens, the rest of them came from the Legislative Program instead.” the Lady informed Panaka.
“We receive regular reports from Sabé about everything going on from King Veruna’s murder to this recent attempt to disrupt the coronation and assassinate the Queen.” the Lady Crystaé added.
“Then you must know about the Lady Crimos.” Panaka said.
“Unfortunately, yes. We know who she was, her past but after she left Black Sun our people have lost track of her until she resurfaced back here recently. You see, when she left the Jedi Order to become a bounty hunter, her path crossed ours and she stayed with us for almost a year, she wanted to stay but the darkness in her heart is too heavy for us, she is too violent when angered. The Order of the Sanctuary decided to exclude her. Our Force Adepts erased what little memory she has of our existence. We did our best to redeem her and vanquish the hatred in her heart but she was too consumed to be swayed otherwise. Based on what I have learned of her recent part in this cobweb of conflicts and schemes between the Trade Federation and the Chommell Patriots we can only surmised that either she has became a complete Dark Jedi or a Sith Acolyte. Then again some of us here argued that she could not possibly be involved with the Sith because that ancient Order has been long destroyed by the Jedi of the Old.” the Lady Crystaé explained.
Panaka took the seat offered to him as Artoo stayed at his side. The tables were then made ready and other women came serving a number of different cuisine.
“Let us eat first, then we may discuss what it is that you so require of us that you had to brave this entire arduous path just to see me in person.” The Lady said to Panaka.
* * *
Captain Panaka, Sabé, the Lady Crystaé and Artoo Detoo stood on the highest terrace in tallest tower of the monastery. Their vantage overlooks the entire western archipelago before them.
“You wish us to exclusively once more become the provider of the Royal Handmaidens and help you train them to become a one-woman-army?” the Lady asked.
“Yes, pretty much.” Panaka nodded.
“You must understand that we cannot make this public knowledge and that we can never allow such training to be held here. We travel a different road Captain Panaka.” The Lady said.
“I understand perfectly. I just wished to get your approval to get my plan started. Aluva and I have thoroughly discussed the details, we only need more recruits. Knowing that all of the Queen’s Royal Handmaidens were trained here, I see no other place to recruit more than from here as well.” Panaka nodded.
“The Queen is scheduled to meet the Prime Minister of Kardara a month from now. Kardara is the primary stronghold of the heart of the Chommell Patriots. It is by definition the most dangerous world in our sector for our Queen to be. The Queen can’t refuse the Prime Minister. He offers a truce and a treaty to hand over the control of the abandoned plasma mining complex to the Naboo in exchange for a concerted military effort to eradicate the entire Chommell Patriots once and for all.” Panaka added.
“You don’t need to justify yourself further Captain. The support of Aluva and Sabé is more than enough reason for us to accept your preposition. You will have your trainees as soon as you get started.” The Lady shook Panaka’s hand.

Chapter 18: Return to Rori

Queen Amidala, Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas, Aluva, Eirtaé, Rabé, Fé, Saché, Yané and Governor Sio Bibble stood on one of the platforms at the Theed spaceport as they watch the airspeeder carrying Captain Panaka, Sabé and Lieutenant Hoff Siege’s astromech droid faded in the distant.
Lieutenant Hoff Siege approached them and handed over the comlink to the governor.
“Governor, Captain Olié wants to speak with you in regard to their mop up mission to the ruins of the Trade Federation ship on Rori.” Hoff said.
“Yes Captain?” Governor Sio Bibble activated the comlink.
“Governor, a Trade Federation Droid Control Ship has just emerged from hyperspace near Rori and demanding us to leave the moon so they could salvage their property. I told them we could not vacate the investigation site unless the orders came either from you or from Her Majesty herself.” Olié’s voice crackled.
“Who is in command of the Trade Federation ship?” Bibble asked.
“He identified himself as Settlement Officer Rune Haako.” Olié replied.
“With Hath Monchar gone, Haako is now technically the second-in-command of Viceroy Nute Gunray.” Master Sifo-Dyas muttered.
“Her Majesty?” Bibble turn for her orders.
“No, do not let them leave. Inform Captain Olié to relay a message to Rune Haako that the Queen will be boarding their ship to confront his claim.” Queen Amidala ordered.
“Your Highness, do you think it is wise to expose yourself to their mercy?” Sifo-Dyas asked her.
“They will not dare to assault me directly.” Amidala said.
“Very well, but I must handle the security arrangements.” Sifo-Dyas crossed his arms.
“Have it arranged then, Aluva, I need to change.” Queen Amidala nodded at them and strode to their airspeeder.
“Lieutenant Siege, contact Captain Panaka and inform him about this development, if he’s on his way back before we leave then wait for his return before taking the rest of Raid Squadron after us on Rori, if he’s not yet coming back then proceed at once to follow us. Make sure that all of your ships are primed for a tough firefight. I do not like their sudden presence here. If the Queen failed to convince the Trade Federation to leave then we will be forced to engage them.” Sifo-Dyas instructed Hoff.
“Governor, please inform the Advisory Council about this, try to establish a contact to Senator Palpatine, if things get out of hand in Rori, the Galactic Senate must be made aware at once. The Trade Federation has been threatening Naboo with their blockade, if they do it now Naboo will be helpless and will not survive the cut-off. The Trading Summit is yet to begin in two weeks, we can’t allow it to be postponed or cancelled.” Sifo-Dyas informed the governor.
When the Lieutenant and the Governor had left Sifo-Dyas stood at the edge of the platform meditating. He could still feel the elusive presence of the Lady Sarc Crimos lurking at his peripherals in the Force.
Captain Panaka’s plan for the Handmaidens will be fully ready for the next few months. The leaders of the Chommell Patriots are still on the loose and aside from the upcoming scheduled trip of the Queen to Kardara next month the early arrival of the Trade Federation Droid Control Ship sends alarms in his head.
“I got a bad feeling about this.” Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas sighed in the wind. His words were lost in the distant horizon.
* * *
Captain Ric Olié supervises his men and the other techs across the wreckage of the Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship that Lieutenant Hoff Siege sabotaged and destroyed a few days ago.
He instructed the cranes and other Utility Droids to dissect a massive section of the warship to see if there were any salvageable computer terminals inside it.
Looking up on the far distant where the electrical storm terminates to a favorable clear sky he could see the small shape of another Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship.
That ship was different from this one, this type of battleship is fully loaded with a great number of C-9979 landing ships, hundreds of Multi-Troop Transports, thousands of Armoured Assault Tanks, Droid Starfighters and Battle Droids.
Ric Olié knew that a single Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship is powerful enough to invade Naboo. Due to this debacle he and every Naboo security personnel and pilots have undergone mandatory military briefings about everything they need to know about the military capacity of the Trade Federation a month earlier. Now he saw the fruit of that brain whacking sessions. He could estimate enemy capabilities by visual sightings alone.
Turning to his pilots and crew he clapped his hands and shouted, “Alright everyone listen, to all the techs and crew please continue your work, to my pilots, meet at the plateau right now, let’s go!”
The others relayed his orders to those beyond earshot and after a few minutes, Ric Olié and the rest of his pilots were speeding across the swamp forests back up to the mountain plateau where they landed their N1 Starfighters.
Other Freighter and Cargo Ships lined the plateau carrying machineries and personnel for their scavenging mission.
When Captain Olié and his pilots have settled in a semi-circle, he began informing them of their situation.
In the middle of their strategic discussions, the voice of Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas crackled in static from his comlink.
Captain Olié moved to get a better reception before finally getting a clear line, “Captain Olié here,” he said.
“The Queen has left Naboo atmosphere, prepare to escort positions.” Sifo-Dyas announced.
“Alright everybody, you all heard that, let’s go, go, go!” Olié went to his starfighter and began the pre-flight checks before taking off.
* * *
Captain Malo Teros sailed the Royal Starship into the blackness of space, aboard were the Queen, her Royal Handmaidens, Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas and the rest of the ship crew and astromech droids delivered from Nubia the day before the coronation begun.
Aluva stood next to the Queen on the ship’s Royal Throne Room at the upper deck behind cockpit.
Master Sifo-Dyas entered the throne room after giving final instructions to Captain Teros.
“Captain Olié and his squadron will join us in escort the moment we cruise close orbit on Rori. The Trade Federation ship is hiding at the Far Side of the moon. We will make contact in a few moments.” Sifo-Dyas explained.
After a few minutes the ship’s intercom beeped and the voice of Captain Teros spoke.
“Raid One Squadron is in full escort position. We are approaching the Trade Federation Droid Control Ship now…”
The holoprojector blinked signaling an incoming broadcast.
“Settlement Officer Rune Haako is transmitting!” announced the captain.
Queen Amidala sat erect on her throne and composed her facial expression to that of measured disapproval.
“Your Majesty Queen Amidala, I am honored to finally meet you.” Rune Haako bowed in supplication.
“Enough with the pleasantries, what are you doing here? You are in direct violation of the order of the Galactic Senate to stand down from approaching Naboo space until this conflict has been settled in the courts. As the ruling monarch I am empowered to give you a single warning to leave the Naboo System in a peaceful manner within the next twenty minutes.” the Queen warned him.
“Your Highness, we assure you that our presence here is sanctioned by the Senate, here is our clearance from Senator Lott Dod.” Rune Haako showed his copy of the Senate Clearance.
“A clearance issued by your senator is not valid unless our own senator has also signed that order. Send us a copy.” Amidala countered.
“Your Highness, we are just merely cleaning up the mess done to you by our treacherous double-dealing former official, the late Hath Monchar.” Rune Haako persisted.
“Rori is our moon and we will handle our own investigation, if you wish to make a claim then file a petition to the senate. For the meantime, leave the wreckage to us.” Queen Amidala did not relent.
“Why don’t you come in on our ship and we will discuss this in a more formal means.” Rune Haako offered.
Standing beyond the range of the holoprojector, Master Sifo-Dyas gave a slight nod.
“As you wish.” Queen Amidala signaled to cut the feed.
* * *
The Royal Starship landed smoothly on the vast outer hangar on the left arc of the Trade Federation Droid Control Ship.
Captain Teros stayed on the ship as Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas steps out first followed shortly by Queen Amidala flanked by her Royal Handmaidens.
A silver protocol droid step down from an empty hangar transport and approached the Naboo envoy.
“I am TC-14 and I am here to escort you to the Waiting Area. Please board the hangar transport.” The droid said to them.
Minutes later after a mini-tour from TC-14, Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas, Queen Amidala and the Royal Handmaidens waited for Rune Haako to arrive.
Queen Amidala and Master Sifo-Dyas stood on the transparisteel viewport with a view of the Far Side of Rori.
The Handmaidens stood in poised readiness around the room, instinctively distributing themselves evenly facing the single blastdoor and making sure they were all in position to easily block any attacker from moving across the room to get to the Queen.
Master Sifo-Dyas stood protectively in front of the Queen using his body as a human shield. His hands were on his waist within easy reach of his lightsaber.
The blastdoor opened as TC-14 returned carrying a tray of cold beverages, behind her strode Rune Haako followed by another Neimoidian.
“My Queen, welcome to our humble ship, please we have the best beverages here in the galaxy, enjoy it. This is our Captain, Daultay Dofine. Ah Master Jedi, welcome to our ship.” Rune Haako said playing his part of a good host.
None of the Royal Handmaidens made a move as TC-14 placed the glasses on the table and started to leave. Rune Haako requested for the Queen to take a seat while he and Captain Dofine took the chair nearest the exit.
Queen Amidala finally moved away from the window and sat on the opposite end of the long table. Master Sifo-Dyas stood on her right while Aluva deftly glided her way to the Queen’s right side.
The other Royal Handmaidens casually milled around the room as if wandering aimlessly as Rune Haako began to talk about the legality of their presence in the orbit of Rori.
“Rune Haako, we have contacted Senator Palpatine, please have your holoprojector ready for the retransmission.” Aluva said sternly.
“But of course milady.” Rune Haako nodded to his captain.
A waist high image of Senator Palpatine appeared at the center of the table facing the two Neimoidians.
“Officer Rune Haako, I am here because Her Majesty Queen Amidala has showed me a copy of what you claim to be a legal clearance for your presence in our space. I have seen the copy and I regret to inform you that it is not valid without my own seal of approval. Under the Sectoral Decree 98R-T3720 any trade company properties found, recovered, involved or confiscated within local sectoral borders are automatically subject to full custody and investigation of the local government. Company owners may only reclaim such properties upon the conclusion of a local investigation. Since Naboo’s investigating on the incident in Rori, not a single Trade Federation ship may enter Naboo space, not even a single empty life-pod to the tiniest piece of a screw. Do I make myself clear Officer Haako?” Palpatine ranted.
Captain Dofine and Haako whispered at each other until Rune Haako finally nodded in obeisance.
“Very well, we are deeply sorry for this inconvenience. We will now leave Naboo space.” Rune Haako bowed at Queen Amidala and Senator Palpatine.
* * *
The Naboo Royal Starship has long left the hangar of the Trade Federation Droid Control Ship. Captain Daultay Dofine moved the war vessel out of the Naboo System and instead made a small jump to Kardara, deeper into the Chommell Sector.
A battered frigate docked into the Trade Federation ship and moments later Alle Vomm, Sheeana Fley and Gantu Onu Raltos stood by the command bridge of the Trade Federation facing Rune Haako and Daultay Dofine.
“Where issa the Viceroy? Wessa want to talk to him!” Gantu growled.
“Our pay no longer meets the cost of our service.” Alle grunted.
“Two bases are already lost within a week, we’re losing men, taking all the risk while you all enjoy here with your wealth and safety.” Sheeana added.
“You three shut up! Our Master will be making contact!” Rune Haako warned them.
The first pair of image that appeared was that of Viceroy Nute Gunray along with Senator Lott Dod, the third projection prompted everyone to cease making any sound.
Silence fell as the image of a cloaked figure was projected before them.
“I will make this brief. Any more move like that without my approval and the deal is off. Do I make myself perfectly clear?” Lord Sidious growled ominously.
“My most sincere apology Lord Sidious, I myself wasn’t aware of this. I shall reprimand them accordingly. This will not happen again.” Nute Gunray’s hologram said.
“Make sure of it. Now stand by and await my instructions.” The image of the Sith faded before any of them could answer.

Chapter 19: Everything Falls Apart

“We only have one stronghold left on Naboo, if those blasted Raid Squadron discovers it then we’re done for. We’ve already suffered too much loss in this scheme and our pay no longer covers our troubles.” Sheeana slammed a fist on the wooden table.
“I agree with you Sheeana but being angry about it won’t help our situation either. Calm down.” Alle Vomm said as he emptied his mug of ale.
“Wessa can’t stay longer here on dessa rock, dessa Prime Minister issa having a talk to dessa Queen of the Naboo in a month!” Gantu took the entire barrel and drank straight from it.
“It’s the least of our concern stalk-eyes. The South Base is in a vulnerable position. It has lost the protection of our forward and back-up base on the Mootoo Cave and the Jafanara Ruins. Our entire group is now down to thirty percent!” Sheeana slumps her face on the table.
“I say we start taking our own shots, forget the Neimoidians, forget that creepy hooded relic, let’s act on our own and profit from both sides.” Alle said.
“You will double-cross the Trade Federation?” Sheeana’s eyes widened.
“Dessa sounds a good idea.” Gantu said between gulps.
“We sell proofs of Trade Federation involvement to the Naboo for a high price then we kidnap the Queen and demand a ransom to the Trade Federation.” Alle suggested.
“The Trade Federation wanted her dead, why would they pay for her alive?” Sheeana shoved Alle.
“The Trade Federation wanted the Naboo to believe their Queen’s life is always threatened. They needed her alive in order for their precious treaty to be signed, remember?” Alle countered.
“Gooda point! Hic!” Gantu gave a thumbs-up sign then return to emptying the barrel of rum.
“Alright fine, it’s a good plan but what about the Jedi?” Sheeana asked.
“The Jedi are not immortal and all-powerful as most ignorant fools were raised to believe in their thick heads. We can contact the Lady Crimos, she could help us.” Alle said.
“That Witch is sent there to kill the Queen, not to abduct her.” Sheeana shook her head at the absurd idea.
“We can always convince her to help us first, once we got the credits, she can kill the Queen to her heart’s content.” Alle explained.
“And how are we supposed to convince that Witch? What can we offer that she can’t get for herself?” Sheeana challenged him.
“She’s been in Naboo since the coronation and so far she wasn’t at all successful in getting to the Queen right? If we can get the Queen to her then it would be easier for her to kill her quarry.” Alle grinned.
“And as usual we take all the risk.” Sheeana crossed her arms.
“We take all the credits. Crimos doesn’t care for the credits; at least that’s what Monchar told me. According to him, it has something to do with that tattooed face Zabrak.” Alle frowned trying to recall Hath Monchar’s companion back in the Mootoo Cave.
“You are a cruel bastard you know that? Using a woman’s heart’s desire to get what you want.” Sheeana shook her head.
“We’re all users here Sheeana, don’t wash your hands.” Alle retorted.
“Fine, you do the convincing part and the risking part.” Sheeana pouted.
“When haven’t I?” Alle said and fell from his chair and lay still, snoring.
“Men, you’re all such a lousy drinkers.” Sheeana kicked Alle on the ribs on her way out of the pub and went back to her ship to sleep on her cabin.
* * *
Queen Amidala was heading back to the palace with her usual retinue of Royal Handmaidens after gracing a HoloNet media group for an interview. Among the audience in the dissipating crowd were Rinn Olié and Artoo Detoo, there were already making their way back to the boy’s house when a lumbering Ithorian hurried to their path and knocked the boy on the street.
Artoo squealed in protest and turn to face the Ithorian when the alien removed its ‘head’ and a Gungan head appeared under it.
Artoo recognized Gantu Onu Raltos. The Gungan reached out for his concealable blaster and aimed at Queen Amidala. The Handmaidens instantly sprung to action.
Aluva D’asima moved in front of the Queen and raised her own blaster. Artoo rolling from the oblivious Gungan extracted his energy wielder from the top of his dome and released a powerful electric bolt on the Gungan’s leg.
Aluva opened fire and her shot hit squarely on the face of the huge rebel Gungan. Gantu dropped in spasms and then lay still.
Aluva and Sabé and the other Royal Handmaidens led the Queen back up on the palace while nearby security guards darted to check the body of the Gungan terrorist. Artoo rolled to see if Rinn was alright.
The HoloNet media men saw the whole thing and manage to catch the best part on record. Later that day, the HoloNet broadcasted the interview followed by the assassination attempt all over the Core Worlds and within the week to the Inner, Mid and Outer Rim as well.
Back in Kardara, Sheeana and Alle finally learned why Gantu was not answering their calls as they watch the evening news.
* * *
Two weeks after the death of Gantu, Queen Amidala headed the ceremony of renaming the veterans of Raid Squadron to Bravo Squadron and officially declared them under her Royal Space Fighter Corps.
Captain Ric Olié was given the command of the entire Naboo Royal Space Fighter Corps, under him were Echo Flight, Alpha Flight and of course the Bravo Squadron.
Medals of Bravery and Courage and Loyalty were awarded to the veteran pilots of Bravo Squadron, namely Hoff Siege, Porro Dolphe, Arven Wendik, Rya Kirsch, Ellberger, Gavyn Sikes, Essar Till, Dren Melne, Rhys Dallows and Palmer.
* * *
Captain Panaka rotated the training exercises and lessons of the Royal Handmaidens to two groups in alternating days.
Aluva and Sabé rose quickly above the others. Panaka later on decided to put the two each as team leader of the two groups.
On the third week of their training Captain Panaka introduced to them a new Royal Handmaiden, Padmé.
Padmé was easily accepted by the others because they know she was their Queen. It was awkward at first but with a little encouragement from Captain Panaka and from Aluva and Sabé, the other Royal Handmaidens finally learned how to treat Padmé as a different person from the Queen.
The respect remains there but the formalities were set aside, Panaka trained them to keep that knowledge among themselves and they all made the Order of the Sanctuary’s Oath of Secrecy never to tell anyone that Padmé and the Queen are one and the same.
Another new trick Panaka presented to them is how to act as decoy for the Queen. After much training, Panaka finally chose Sabé to become the Queen’s decoy. Aluva was too tall and although the rest have slight resemblance to the Queen, Sabé resembles Padmé most.
* * *
Queen Amidala was exhausted after another rigorous training in jungle survival. Once on her bed, Amidala quickly fell in deep sleep.
Outside Rabé and Yané was on guard duty by the door. Their exhaustion were also beginning to seep into their bones and they were starting to lapse into sleep.
Neither of them realized that a certain aura in the Force were at work. It lulled them to unfathomable slumber and they were already too deep to feel someone dragging them to a dark corner.
A figure in a Royal Handmaiden’s robe picked the security lock and used the Force to contain the noise as the blastdoor slid open. Once inside, she sealed the door using the same trick.
The handmaiden threw back her hood revealing the face of the Lady Sarc Crimos. She stood silently before the sleeping queen.
Slowly she took her pair of lightsabers and ignited it.
The mixed blue and red hue illuminated the darkness and the Lady raised her blade for the kill.
Air gushed in as the side secret door slid open and Aluva leaped and tackled Crimos.
Aluva was gripping Crimos’ both wrists tightly to restrain her from using her lightsaber. The pressure caused her to reflexively drop her weapon.
Having her disarmed, Aluva heaved the former Nightsister and threw her to the blastdoor.
Crimos expected the impact on the metal but at that time Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas opened it and the Lady Crimos sailed out of the room.
Before she landed on the corridor, Master Sifo-Dyas had already ignited his lightsaber.
The Jedi’s back was on Aluva and he never saw Crimos’ lightsabers were twitching and starting to move. As the pair of blade sailed in the air aimed at the back of the Jedi, Aluva in her quick movements took her sword she hid under the bed of the Queen and slashed it on the airborne lightsabers of Crimos.
The blades shorted out upon contact on the cortosis blade.
The commotion behind him made Sifo-Dyas to look back but at that very instant Crimos Force-shoved the Jedi and snatch his lightsaber from him.
Crimos started to flee but Sifo-Dyas grabbed her leg through the Force and she fell down on the marble floor.
Aluva came out and handed Crimos’ lightsabers on the Jedi Master.
Sifo-Dyas saw there was no ignition button so he used the Force to ignite the two lightsabers.
Lady Crimos stood up and held Sifo-Dyas’ lightsaber in a defensive position.
Aluva came to stand beside the Jedi wielding her cortosis sword.
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas leaped but Lady Crimos did something new, she threw the lightsaber to him and use the Force to control it while she also summoned her own weapons from the hands of the Jedi, in that awkward moment when Sifo-Dyas was trying to parry the erratic blade his hands were having a hard time to grip the two weapons properly.
As a result the blades were knocked off of his hands and Crimos caught her own weapon and charged at Aluva.
Aluva dashed to meet her but at the last moment Crimos dropped her weapons and unleashed Force-lightning from each of her hands, one shot straight at Aluva sending her sailing back while the other went to strike at the face of the dazed Jedi Master.
Crimos then swung her other hand to concentrate on electrocuting the Jedi. Sifo-Dyas was defenseless and soon lapsed into unconsciousness.
Aluva was slowly getting back up on her feet.
Crimos snarled and picked up her deactivated weapons and turn to face her.
“Out of words, Witch?” Aluva snarled.
“Some words are better left unsaid.” the Lady Sarc ignited her pair of lightsabers.
“Or you just need to re-phrase it.” Aluva D’asima raised her cortosis sword above her head.
Crimos set her crystals into full power to keep her blade from sorting out, but it left her blade dangerously close on the verge of exploding.
Using the Force she focused on keeping her crystals from overloading making her unable to channel the Force to her swordplay.
Aluva was the best swordswoman among the Royal Handmaidens and with Crimos forced to fight her without the help of the Force other than keeping her weapon from both shorting out and overloading, their duel proved a match.
The other Handmaidens had sneaked in to the Queen’s room and attended to her as Aluva battled against Crimos on the corridors of the palace.
Aluva felt exulted and fully charged, she has been long waiting for such engagement and it invigorates her further.
Crimos on the other hand felt strained, is she drop her focus on her blades it will short out from Aluva’s cortosis sword, but if she keep keeping it intact, she will lose the swordfight.
Crimos finally decided to use her real advantage over the other, the Force.
Her blades shorted out at her release but it gave her the opportunity to fry Aluva to her death.
Surge after surge of powerful Force-lightning crawled all over Aluva. The warrior from Emberlene tried to use her sword to divert the flow electric currents in her body to no avail.
The Lady Sarc Crimos lost herself and began to laugh hysterically like a mad woman. Sabé took out her blaster and fired at the Dark Jedi.
Crimos use her other hand to block the laser bolts coming to her.
Farther on the other side of the hallway, Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas started to regain consciousness.
Captain Panaka and his men came up from the other side and open fire. Crimos momentarily swung her Force-lightning to Panaka and they all ducked for cover. At that Crimos return the bolts to Aluva who were barely conscious now.
A loud explosion echoed across the confines of the palace corridor. Captain Panaka looked out to find where the sound came from.
The handmaidens started to ran towards Aluva as the Lady Sarc Crimos fell on the ground and saw her side bleeding from a wound.
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas used the Force to snatch away her lightsabers and went to subdue the assassin.
Behind Sabé, Queen Amidala held an old projectile rifle that was displayed on her bedroom.
Panaka ordered his men to take the Lady Sarc Crimos while carried Aluva to the medical wing of the palace. Sifo-Dyas went to check on the Queen as the Royal Handmaidens gathered by her room.
* * *
“They captured her.” Sheeana said to Alle who was making himself as inconspicuous as possible from across the street.
“Can you find out where they will be taking her? I’m sure it will not take long before they finally move her off-world. Most likely they will take her to Coruscant where the Jedi can deal with her most effectively.” Alle said.
“A hot lady like me can bend any men to my whim.” Sheeana placed her hands on her waist and playfully turned around to show her figures at him.
“For the love of the Sith, Sheeana, quit fooling around.” Alle grunted in annoyance.
“Fine, mister grumpy Whiphid, you’re off the bed tonight.” Sheeana started to walk away.
“Just get the job done so we could leave this place at once, I don’t like the crowd here, too many for my taste.” Alle grumbled looking at the throng of people on Keren City.
“I’m on it, but you’re still off the bed tonight.” Sheeana shouted and went inside the Keren Security Station.
A haggard looking young man approached Alle and bugged him with his wares. “Come on chap, what do you fancy? I got glitterstim, ryll, death stick…”
“I got a silent blaster set to kill, interested?” Alle scoffed and waved his blaster. The boy left hurriedly.
Moments later Sheeana came out of the side of the station and waved goodbye on a man farther down the alley behind.
She returned to his landspeeder and took her seat beside him.
“Keren Prison, they’ll be shipping her off-world in six hours. And don’t ask how I found out. Drive.” Sheeana said.
“Alright here’s my plan, we must find a way to communicate with her, tell her what we need her for and if she agrees we bail her out before she get to be shipped off-world.” Alle said as they drive to Keren Prison on the other side of the city.
“Oh great, it’s easier said than done.” Sheeana shrugged indifferently.
“Got any better ideas in that head of yours? Besides, we still got at least a couple of hours to plan the details, less than an hour to get her out and the rest of the night to get the Queen.” Alle said.

Chapter 20: The Kardara Truce

Aluva D’asima insisted that she accompany the Queen to Kardara despite the medical droid’s insistence that she continue her bacta session. Captain Panaka and Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas cooked up a detailed arrangement for the Queen’s security that convinced the Emberlene warrior to relent and stay to complete her medication.
Sifo-Dyas and Panaka now stood on the dilapidated spaceport of Kardara. The degenerating town of Kandrosa makes Mos Eisley an ideal tourist spot.
“At least it’s not as messy as Nar Shaddaa.” Panaka commented.
“I’d still vote for the bowels of Coruscant.” Sifo-Dyas shrugged.
“You got me there.” Panaka smiled then returned back up the Royal Starship.
“Captain Teros, any luck on hailing the Prime Minister’s aide?” Panaka asked her as he enters the cockpit.
“Either there’s a steady signal out there causing this interference or they just gave us the wrong codes.” Teros shook her head in dismay.
“Keep trying anyways.” Panaka patted her shoulder and went to the throne room.
Only the Queen and her handmaidens are inside so when the door slid shut behind him, Panaka sat beside the new handmaiden Padmé.
“Your Highness, the Prime Minister’s aid is still not responding to our call. Master Sifo-Dyas went outside to wait for the welcoming committee just in case they do show up. Should we just head back home?” Panaka asked.
“This truce is vital to our plasma harvesting industry Captain. If we obtain the rights to take over the abandoned plasma mines of Damask Holdings then there will be no more reason for the Trade Federation to insist on their treaty upon us.” Padmé explained.
“I understand, Your Highness, it’s just that, if the Prime Minister truly wanted to make that truce the welcoming committee should’ve been waiting here already in our arrival an hour ago.” Panaka said.
“Be patient Captain, the Kardarans are not known for their punctuality. Perhaps the Prime Minister got drunk again and forgot about the appointment. Maybe we should fly straight to their Government Compound.” the Queen said.
“Let’s make it official then.” Panaka turn to wink at Sabé who was seated on the throne disguised as the Queen of Naboo.
Panaka called Sifo-Dyas in his comlink and told him to get back in the ship.
Eirtaé clicked the intercom.
“Captain Teros, let’s fly straight to the Government Compound. The Prime Minister must have forgotten we are coming.” Sabé said in a perfect mimicry of Queen Amidala’s voice.
“It feels weird to hear myself from another person.” Padmé chuckled silently.
The Kardara Government Compound was no different from Kandrosa except for the presence of military personnel whose uniforms differ from the other.
Queen Amidala stepped out of the ship flanked by her Royal Handmaidens. Captain Panaka and Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas stood on each side of the Queen and waited for the approaching soldiers to reach them.
“Queen Amidala, the Prime Minister is waiting for you, he wishes to know why you were late. We’ve been expecting you for hours now.” The soldier said gruffly then marched away back to the central building far ahead.
“So much for formality,” Sifo-Dyas muttered at Captain Panaka.
The group followed the ill-mannered soldier until they entered the central building. Inside the building was in a blatant state of disrepair from floor to ceiling. Paints are chipped and stained, the floor were cracked and littered with garbage and sleeping drunken soldiers. Those who were awake were either stoned in whatever spice drug they were in or just stared blankly like the beggars of Nar Shaddaa.
A fat bearded man chugging a bottle of rum sat at the largest table. His partly damaged holo-canvass behind on the wall hung, the image flickering in and out of existence.
“Ah, Panaka, they made you Captain now, huh? Would you like to have a drink?” the fat man offered.
“Prime Minister Mordon, I present to you Queen Amidala, the newly elected and crowned monarch of Naboo.” Panaka said in mild formality.
“Ah yes, the beautiful young Queen, come and sit. We have much to talk about right?” Mordon said cheerfully.
Eirtaé and Rabé glanced at each other with wide eyes. Queen Amidala gracefully bowed and took her seat on the offered chair ignoring the dirt in it.
Sifo-Dyas casually made a visual recon of the place and searched for possible exits and potential threats.
* * *
“We got bad news, Alle.” Sheeana said after making a second visit with her inside contact.
“What is it this time?” Alle’s forehead and brows furrowed.
“Giek told me the Queen has just left to attend a meeting to Kardara.” Sheeana said.
“That’s good news Sheeana.” Alle’s face lit up.
“And how’s that become a good thing?” she frowned at him.
“Kardara is our home court, they are the visitors.” Alle simply said as if it explains it all.
“Let’s say I did understand what you just said, so what’s the plan?” she asked.
“Does your charm work on pilots?” Alle asked.
“They work on any species with a dangling tail between the legs at their fronts.” She shot back.
* * *
The Lady Sarc Crimos was on a triple ray-shielded vertical tube reinforced with durasteel casing. She was scheduled to be transported to Coruscant and was awaiting transport at the Keren Prison. When the transport ship from the capital finally arrived, the Keren Security Guards took the prison capsule to Keren City Spaceport and had the transfer orders signed by the pilots.
The prison capsule was taken to a large empty cargo hold. The guard also placed a small metal crate at the side of the prison capsule.
After the necessary flight clearance were relayed to Keren City Spaceport Tower, the Republic transport lifted off.
The ship was cruising in the hypnotic silence of the hyperspace when the Lady Sarc Crimos woke up from her sleep. She tried to use the Force but the ray shields rendered her useless.
Suddenly a face appeared on the tiny glass window on the outer casing. Crimos was surprised to see the familiar face of Alle Vomm wearing a Republic Navy Pilot uniform.
After a few seconds the outer shell hissed open revealing the triple ray-shield prison tube. Alle tapped the shield and spoke, “Can you hear me?” he asked her.
The voice was a bit muffled but she could hear it nonetheless so she nodded at him.
Alle finally smiled when she nodded and started talking to her.
“Listen to me closely, we are going to release you but we need your help. We need you to abduct Queen Amidala so we could extort a ransom to Senator Palpatine. Once we have the credits, we leave the Queen to you. Can you do that for us?” Alle asked her.
Anything is better as long as I get out of here. Crimos thought and nodded at the leader of the Chommell Patriots.
Alle punched in some codes at the console by the side and the triple ray-shield dropped. Crimos staggered and Alle caught her and help her take a seat then he picked up the small metal crate and began attaching a datapad and started slicing through the security codes until the metal crate hissed open.
Alle Vomm took out a pair of scaly dark green metal tube like an ordinary set of plumbing pipes and handed it over to the Lady Crimos.
“Tell me what you want me to do?” Lady Sarc Crimos finally said.
* * *
Crimos joined Alle and Sheeana on the canteen of the Republic transport and joined the two on eating the meal prepared by the droid cook.
“So you’re telling me that the Queen is now on Kardara, of all places? I’m sure she knows that it is the home planet of the Chommell Patriots right?” Crimos wanted to get clear with it.
“Of course she does. It is also the home of an abandoned plasma mining facility. If the Queen and the Prime Minister both signed the truce, Naboo will take over and reactivate that plasma mines and they would no longer have any reason to continue relying on Trade Federation support for their own plasma mines on Theed.” Alle explained.
“It is a good point.” Crimos conceded.
“It’s a valid point.” Alle corrected her.
“So what plan do you have in mind?” Crimos asked him.
“I need you to disable first the Royal Starship. We’ll do the diversion and distraction. You grab the Queen as soon as the situation allowed it. Take her here,” Alle handed her a datachip containing the coordinates to an old abandoned underground plasma mining facility also formerly owned by Damask Holdings.
“Who’s traveling with the Queen?” Crimos inquired.
“Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas, Captain Panaka, Captain Teros and her crew and the Queen’s Handmaidens.” Alle counted on his fingers.
“You’re both crazy. Do you think the Trade Federation will let your betrayal go unpunished?” Crimos smirked.
“They can go nova for all I care! We already lost too much at this scheme of theirs and we’re not even suitably compensated!” Sheeana exclaimed angrily.
“It’s none of your concern. So, are you in on this?” Alle asked.
“I already gave you my word. I will do my part. Just don’t screw it all up along the way like your stupid Gungan friend did on Naboo.” Crimos spat.
“We were on Kardara when he bailed out on us and acted on his own. Gantu was never the smart one and he’s more brute and brawn than brains at all.” Alle shook his head.
“It just serves him right! That frog-faced moron got zapped by a mere freaking astromech droid, he’s so pathetic! What a shameful way to go, outsmarted by a bucket of bolts.” Alle grunted.
Alle’s comlink beeped and nodded at Sheeana and Crimos, “I remote-linked my comlink to the timer in the navicomputer. We’re here! Get yourselves ready, I need to make some calls.”
* * *
Prime Minister Mordon ordered his men to quickly set up a holoprojector so he could easily point out to Queen Amidala the holo images of the abandoned yet still functional plasma mines.
He was using a laser pointer when something exploded from the outside. The Royal Handmaidens was instantly standing back to back with each other with the Queen at their center. Sifo-Dyas ignited his lightsaber and darted out of the building.
Panaka activated his comlink and hailed Captain Teros.
“What’s going on out there?” Panaka shouted.
“A Republic transport arrived and started firing at us, I powered up the shields but something got us first in the thrusters, both were destroyed!” Teros reported.
The blastdoor was suddenly thrown at the ground as a lone figure emerged from the billowing smoke.
“Crimos!” Sifo-Dyas groaned at the sight of her.
“Hurry! This way, I have an escape ship beneath this floor!” Prime Minister Mordon exclaimed and ran.
Panaka let out a volley of cover fire as the handmaidens led the Queen after the Prime Minister.
The lift descended and stopped at an underground hangar. Docked in there was a single shuttle. Pouring out from it were dozens and dozens of armed men who aimed their blasters at the Queen and her handmaidens.
“I’m sorry Your Highness. They struck a better deal that I can’t resist.” Mordon sighed as the guards moved to take the queen by force.
“I’m sorry too, Prime Minister.” Queen Amidala growled.
To their astonishment, Queen Amidala suddenly burst into action, like a blur she began hitting them in their throats, chest, stomach and shins.
The other handmaidens also attacked but the others just set their blasters to stun and in maximum power and open fired.
When everyone has been rendered unconscious, Queen Amidala was taken by the rebels leaving the other stunned handmaidens.
“Wait, take the others too, the Hutts will pay highly to such lithe women.” Mordon shouted at Chommell Patriots militia.
A female came out of the ship as the rebels carried all of the handmaidens.
“Sheeana, it’s always a pleasure to see you!” Prime Minister Mordon grinned wolfishly.
“Shut up.” Sheeana raised her blaster and shot him in the face.
Above the dilapidated complex, Captain Panaka and Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas remained pinned down on the corner by the rebels, they have been pushed back to the side of the floor where there was no window or exits at all.
Outside, Captain Teros and her crew were also engaged against several rebels, they were firing at them through the lowered ramp.
Artoo Detoo detached himself from the droid racks and communicated with the other astromech droids. He told them to get moving and start making repairs.
Most of them refused to take orders from a fellow astromech unit but the yellow one, R2-E3 spat a long litany of curses and reprimands and reminded them of their duty to the Royal Starship.
Hesitantly the others rolled off of their racks and followed Artoo to the shaft that would take them top side of the Royal Starship.
Artoo scanned the extent of the damage on the two thrusters and saw that both radial sublight engines have been badly burnt. The laser blast has fused the components and Artoo surmised that they must cut the fused parts and try to make a makeshift replacement for the time being.
Artoo relayed his orders to the others and R2-E3 led the other half on the left side while Artoo took over on the right.
Artoo left the others for a while to re-scan the thrusters and try to figure out a way to make it work at least long enough to make the jump home. The entire thruster exhaust tube was hopeless and has to be discarded. Artoo swiveled his dome and scan the area and spotted one freighter under the repair hangar, he swung his long range scanner on the ship and found a close match for their thrusters.
The problem now would be to lift those heavy parts to the Royal Starship. Artoo turn to R2-E3 and told her to take over for a while. Extracting his leg thrusters, Artoo flew towards the other ship.
Sifo-Dyas used the Force to snatch several blasters from the dead rebels and dumped it on the floor near Captain Panaka.
“Hold them out, I’ll punch us a hole to this wall.” Sifo-Dyas grunted and buried his lightsaber on the partition.
Panaka took two of the largest blaster rifles in each hand, checked the power pack then began firing them against the persistent rebels.
Sifo-Dyas was halfway through cutting their exit when they both heard a ship lifting off somewhere behind the building.
“Enemy reinforcements?” Panaka frowned.
“Enemy leaving, they have the Queen!” Sifo-Dyas increased the power output of his weapon to quicken the melting of the durasteel wall.
Outside a hover repair platform came carrying the two thrusters. Artoo was plugged in on the override control panel and moves the platform close to the right wing of the Royal Starship.
The other astromechs sprang into action and began to remove the damaged thrusters and replace it with the new one. Once secured, Artoo move to the left wing and R2-E3 started to supervise the repairs.
Artoo returned to the Royal Starship and went to check their progress and tapped the wing terminal and ran a systems check on the flight engines. The computer recognized and accepted the newly attached thrusters and Artoo cheered and hurriedly went back inside the ship and hailed Captain Teros.
Out on the back Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas and Captain Panaka came running and headed back up on the Royal Starship.
Captain Teros gave cover fire until the two was back inside. Artoo came behind her and hooted. Teros nodded and started to retract the ramp and close the hatch.
Gunning the engines the repaired thrusters fired and the crew cheered. The other astromechs led by R2-E3 returned to their racks and chattered among themselves.
“Great job Artoo Detoo!” Captain Teros patted the droid’s dome.
Artoo beeped and told her it was a team effort, Captain Teros smiled and regarded the other astromech droids, “Great work everyone, great work!”
“Captain, long range scanners picked up the escaping ship heading northward.” One of the crew called out.
“Captain Teros, they have the Queen and the handmaidens!” Sifo-Dyas told her.
“Then let’s go after them!” Captain Teros sat back on her command chair while Panaka and Sifo-Dyas move out to the empty throne room and sat there as the Royal Starship lifted off, blasted laser fires at the rebels below and flew after the other ship.
The Lady Sarc Crimos watch the Royal Starship leave. The rebels circled around her.
“You! You didn’t even help us.” One rebel shouted at her.
The Lady Crimos ignited her lightsabers. “I work alone.”
Crimos sent the rest of the Chommell Patriot militia back to their headquarters ordering them to round up everyone and head for the plasma mine facility.
Once the militias were gone, she went to her swoop and gunned its engines and sailed across the barren wasteland to where the Queen will be taken.

Chapter 21: The Mines of Kardara

Alle Vomm landed the Republic transport on the outskirts of the abandoned plasma mines of Damask Holdings.
The Patriot Militia, the ragtag group of soldiers serving the so called cause of the Chommell Patriots piled out of the ramp followed by soldiers prodding the cuffed Queen and the rest of the captive Royal Handmaidens.
Sheeana Fley and Alle Vomm came out last and began giving instructions to secure the area topside and the outer tunnels.
Alle Vomm left Sheeana to supervise setting up their security and defense perimeter and proceeded on leading the prisoners in the deepest levels of the plasma mines.
After a few minutes Sheeana finally rejoined him on the bunker and they started to check the communications room for functional long range holo communicator.
“Check on the Queen, I’ll finish setting this up.” Alle nodded at her. Sheeana kissed him full in the lips before leaving.
Queen Amidala was taken on a separate room and was guarded by a dozen militias. Sheeana entered the makeshift holding cell and regarded the Queen.
Amidala’s make-up was worn out, her purple and black traveling gown were shredded and dirty. Her hair was down and tangled, small cuts and bruises were scattered on her face.
“It’s nothing personal milady, just business.” Sheeana said and started to leave when the Queen spoke.
“You must be aware that the next monarch of Naboo will only continue the fight against your terrorist group.” Amidala said flatly.
“We are NOT terrorists! We are Patriots! We are the true patriots of the Chommell Sector. We abhor the Republic and their pretense of equality. They cover their double dealing capitalists under the title of Senators. They police the galaxy with their Jedi sorcerers!” Sheeana spat at the Queen.
“We are not the evil ones because we don’t kill innocent people, kidnap children and steal credits from companies that gave us jobs.” Amidala grunted.
“You know nothing about me!” Sheeana slapped the Queen with all of her strength and Amidala’s head turned at the impact and she tasted blood in her mouth.
“You are a hybrid humanoid who grew up in a harsh world of Kardara, raised by cruelty, abuse and xenophobia with no one to turn to. An alien business tycoon took you in, gave you shelter, gave you purpose, yet he did not suffice, you betrayed him, stole from him and bankrupts his mines here. Yes, you are a patriot.” Amidala snorted.
Sheeana pointed the nozzle of her blaster at the Queen’s face.
“I should kill you right now.” She shook in anger.
“Kill me and say goodbye to your ransom. What makes you even think the Trade Federation would bother throwing a decicred on your band of thieves. They don’t need me alive. They can wait for the next monarch to shove their precious treaty with.” Amidala grinned.
 “Even if the Trade Federation did pay, they will not let go of such double-crossers. They have armies that could invade the entire Chommell Sector, none of you and your pathetic militia would stand a chance.” Amidala hissed.
Sheeana slammed the butt of her blaster on the side of the Queen’s head and started to leave.
Suddenly Amidala’s hands dropped the deactivated cuffs and she threw the chair on the back of Sheeana. The four guards inside the room raised their blasters but Amidala rolled to the nearest guard and gave an uppercut on his loins. As the guard fell she snatch his blaster, rolled away and fired three precise shots at the faces of each of the rest of the guards.
Sheeana was groggily getting up on her knees when Amidala move towards her and kicked her in the ribs and as she rolled on her back, Amidala fired at her chest.
She looked at the blaster and saw it was set for stun, Amidala shook her head and adjusted it to kill and knocked on the metal door.
* * *
Eirtaé and Rabé slumped on the floor after finding no hope in the walls for escape. Saché and Yané gave up on looking at the ceiling thirty feet above them for exhaust shaft or any means of exit. Fé watches Padmé remove a clip from her hair and walk to the door.
Fé knew what Padmé had in mind so she dashed after her and took the clip.
Padmé looked at her in mild surprise.
“Allow me Your Highness, let me take the risk.” Fé said to her. Eirtaé and Rabé led Padmé back at the farthest side of the room and positioned themselves on a casual protective cover. Saché and Yané moved on each side of the door and tensed for action.
“Hello? Is anyone there? We’re hungry!” Fé called out through the viewing hole, while she deftly picks the primitive lock.
“No guards.” Fé whispered.
“Stupid rebels, they assumed we are just a helpless bunch of women.” Rabé grunted in disgust.
“At least it works to our advantage.” Saché muttered.
“All the time.” Yané and Eirtaé said in unison and they all laughed.
The door’s lock clicked and slowly swung inward. Saché and Yané quickly went out and checked the area for signaling for the others to follow.
Eirtaé saw two passage way, one to their left and the other to the right, she looked at Fé and Yané and the two nodded. The pair split and scouted each of the corridors. Rabé and Saché positioned themselves on each side of Padmé and they all waited.
Yané came back shaking her head so they all slowly move to follow where Fé has gone.
Reaching the turn, Eirtaé saw Fé heading back to them carrying a gate card. Behind her the gate was already open and a massive fat guard was sprawled on the floor.
“Good job.” Eirtaé smiled at her.
“Don’t even ask how, he stinks.” Fé shrugged.
* * *
Alle Vomm activated the holo and the image of Aruk the Hutt appeared. Standing beside the vile creature was a battered protocol droid.
“Greetings Mighty Aruk, I have something of value to sell you.” Alle said.
Aruk boomed in Huttese and the droid told him he was asking what it is.
“I have here six young beautiful enticing female humans.” Alle activated the monitors and an empty room appeared in the screen.
“What the…” Alle’s face paled.
Aruk’s deep resonating voice boomed in rage and severed the connection.
“Aruk wait!” Alle turn as the hologram faded, frustrated and enraged he threw a chair on the monitor and snatch out his comlink.
“Sheeana, answer me!” he shouted and when he got no reply he threw the comlink on the wall, it fell on the pavement in pieces.
Alle Vomm took his blaster from his holster and started to head off to the door when it burst open and a figure went sailing towards him. A pair of feet landed on his chest knocking him off on the ground, his blaster skidded away and he saw the Queen landing powerful punches on his face.
Alle shoved her off of him and stood up, a pair of legs locked on his foot and he tripped and his face hit the edge of a computer console.
He felt blood gushing out of his forehead and on to his face. A hand grabbed him on the collar from behind and he was thrown to the other console terminals.
“Son of a Sith!” Alle grunted.
Alle saw his blaster and dove for it and when he aimed it at her he was greeted by a coruscating ring of blue flash that jolted him. He slumped on the wall unable to move but conscious.
“You are fortunate the kill setting of this blaster weapon is nonfunctional.” Amidala threw the blaster on his chest.
“You want a piece of advice? Never buy second hand blasters.” Amidala said and move to the communications console and began activating a beacon with a burst transmission for the Royal Starship, she set the transmit button to loop and left Alle Vomm.
* * *
A swoop went speeding past the startled Patriot militias but they recognized the Lady Crimos so they let her pass.
When they return to look out at the barren horizon a blinding glare on the sky prompted them to cover their eyes. Then their laser cannons and the rocks and dirt around them exploded.
“Take cover!” one of them shouted.
The Royal Starship hovered above and blasted everyone below. The ramp opened and Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas leaped out and landed softly on the ground and darted toward the tunnels.
When the area was clear of militias Captain Teros landed the ship and waited. Captain Panaka and two of the ship’s crew armed themselves and went out to secure the perimeter.
Inside as the Lady Sarc Crimos made her way to the tunnels she started placing remote bombs in every nook and crannies. She went straight down to the power generators and went placing bombs on key places.
A turbolift slid open and she turns and ignited her lightsabers.
 Blaster fires came out as the Royal Handmaidens poured out of the turbolift covering the unmistakable Queen Amidala.
The Lady Sarc growled in rage at her escaping quarry and leaped in the air to intercept. As she landed her blades collided with another and she found herself staring in the face of Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas.
“You again!” Crimos snarled.
“If we keep seeing like this, I’m afraid you will have to meet my parents.” Sifo-Dyas grinned and threw her off.
“You have parents? All this time I thought you just sprang up on the rocks!” Crimos spat blood and tries to get back on her feet.
He turns to the fleeing women and shouted, “Go, I’ve cleared off the path.”
Crimos lurched and engaged the Jedi Master in a flurry of flashing red and blue blades. Sparks lit the dark chamber as the two battled each other once again.
“Give up Crimos, every move you make only leads to failure. Do you expect your employer will be pleased with your poor performance?” Sifo-Dyas goaded her, trying to make her slip into revealing as to who’s hiring her.
“Nice try old man, it won’t work on me.” Crimos hissed and swirled around like a bipedal tornado, her pair of blades slicing the air towards him.
Sifo-Dyas tried to parry and block but the speed of her spinning made it hard for his blade to deflect her attack.
The Jedi leaped away and looked around him. He saw a number of machineries and tools and started to use the Force to throw them all at her.
The smaller objects she easily deflected but the first large machine that hit her threw her off.
Sifo-Dyas started to leave but he felt something took a grip on his heart. Intense pain crawled all over him and staggered and fell on his knees, dropped his lightsaber and fought with the Force to pluck the unseen vise from his straining heart.
The Lady Crimos emerged from the debris with one of her hands stretched out in a crushing gesture.
Sifo-Dyas felt the life slowly leaving out of him when the first of the explosion began somewhere above near the surface of the mines.
Sifo-Dyas closed his eyes and reached out and drew strength slowly he felt the grip giving way from his resistance, it was slow and painful and very exhausting but he held his ground fully determined to survive.
The explosions are now starting to get closer and closer. The entire ground now began to shake. Rocks and machines started to fall from the ceiling and walls. Alarms blared from the still active plasma container’s power generator.
The bomb ten meters from the Lady Crimos exploded and Sifo-Dyas was thrown on the floor as the grip released his heart. The Jedi fought for consciousness but his exhaustion and the explosions around him only drove him deeper into darkness.
The Lady Crimos clipped back her lightsabers and started to take the underground exit. When Sifo-Dyas regained consciousness the place around him was in chaos, explosions detonated one after the other. He turns and saw the reactor pulsing to overload and explode.
“Not again!” Sifo-Dyas started to make his way out through the collapsing tunnels. On his way two figures emerged from another passage, the man raised his blaster and Sifo-Dyas ignited his lightsaber.
“Hold! Wait! We surrender!” the man shouted and threw down his blaster.
“Help us out of here, please!” the woman cried out.
Sifo-Dyas recognized the two. They were Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley, the founders and head of the Chommell Patriots.
The Jedi closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“This way, follow me.” He said and darted on the tunnel.
* * *
Captain Panaka was relieved when Queen Amidala and her handmaidens came out running from the mouth of the tunnel. They all ran straight to the ramp into the Royal Starship, Panaka waited by the ramp for Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas.
“Captain Panaka!” one of the crew called out from the inside, “Captain Teros calls for you.”
“Don’t take off yet!” Panaka said and went to the cockpit.
“We have company.” Teros pointed on their radar.
“What are those?” Panaka frowned.
“Patriot Militias, hundreds of them, aboard random hover tanks, armed landspeeders and airspeeders, hordes of swoops, a few snubfighters, mostly Z-95 Headhunters. They also have a pair of Corellian YT-1100 freighters.” Teros pointed.
“ETA?” Panaka asked.
“Swoops and ships in five minutes, the rest give or take ten to fifteen minutes.” Teros estimated.
“Do you think we can hold off until Master Sifo-Dyas returns?” Panaka inquired.
“The shields could stand for about eight minutes against those ships but once the rest of them arrive, we’re goners.” Teros admitted.
“I’ll inform the Queen, let her decide.” Panaka sighed and went to the throne room. He closed the door behind him then addressed Padmé directly.
“Your Highness, Patriot militias are coming, the ships will be here in five minutes. Captain Teros said our shields can hold for as long as eight to ten minutes but she said we won’t make it out once the rest of the militias arrive. Master Sifo-Dyas hasn’t returned yet. What are your orders?” Captain Panaka explained.
Padmé looked at her Royal Handmaidens then regarded Panaka.
“Captain, we wait for the Jedi. We leave only at the last minute.” The real Queen ordered.
Panaka bowed and relayed the Queen’s command.
A few moments later, enemy snubfighters flew past them and circled back and began firing. Captain Teros launched the ship so she could fight back and returned fire. Their shields held and by the time the larger enemy freighters arrived they already hit three of the snubfighters down.
Captain Teros suddenly shouted from the cockpit, “We got Bravo Squadron!”
Panaka looked at the viewport and saw with great relief the entire Bravo Squadron swooping protectively at them and blasting against the rebels then he rushed to the Queen to inform her of the arrival of Bravo Squadron.
“That is good news, we can now hold long enough to wait for Master…” Padmé stopped talking as the door slid open. Panaka turned around and saw Master Sifo-Dyas holding two prisoners.
“We must leave now. The plasma reactor will explode any second.” Sifo-Dyas said.
Panaka issued a retreat to Bravo Squadron and before the rest of the militias arrived, the Royal Starship and its reinforcements raced to the outer space. Below them the entire plasma mines exploded.

Chapter 22: Hath Monchar 

“We have another problem!” Captain Teros exclaimed on the intercom.
Captain Panaka and Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas emerged from the throne room to see what Teros was talking about.
“It was the same Trade Federation Droid Control Ship we encountered on Rori.” Sifo-Dyas said.
“They are hailing us.” Teros said.
“Patch it on the throne room.” Panaka said and he and the Jedi rejoined the Queen inside.
The image of Rune Haako appeared.
“Your Highness, we are once more apologizing for this little intrusion but we are under the impression that you hold with you two prisoners.” Rune Haako said.
“If you’re implying that we turn them in to you then you are wasting your time. They have committed a long list of crimes to the people of Naboo and to the entire Chommell Sector. They are to be taken to the Capital.” Queen Amidala said sternly.
“I understand Your Highness. But I once again regret to inform you that they are not the real Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley. You see, they are just hired guards who has gone rogue. Their names are Gil Demarden and Mina Kijia. Here are their records straight from the Republic Criminal Archives itself.” Rune Haako explained.
Panaka read through the datapad the transmitted record and checked for the confirmation codes for its validity and sent a match request back to Coruscant.
“It will take a few minutes to confirm your claim.” Panaka said.
“We can wait.” Rune Haako nodded.
Sifo-Dyas whispered to Panaka.
“This is madness, those are the real Alle and Sheeana.” the Jedi gritted his teeth.
“I believe you. I’m starting to think that whoever is behind all of this has a truly powerful connection in the capital.” Panaka nodded.
The comm buzzed and a call from the Capital was patched to them.
“Captain Panaka of Naboo, this is Coruscant Criminal Record Archivist Sam Tadoch, we have verified the records and they are genuine. Is there trouble sir?”
“The Queen of Naboo is requesting a record for the names Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley.” Captain Panaka said after receiving a nod from Queen Amidala.
“Please stand by while we are processing and transmitting your requests.”
“I still don’t buy this Rune Haako.” Queen Amidala said.
“We shall see.” Rune Haako crossed his arms in confidence.
“They had it fixed, look at his smug confidence.” Panaka hissed silently at Sifo-Dyas.
“I don’t like where this is going either.” Sifo-Dyas nodded in agreement.
“Captain Panaka, we found the record of the two aforementioned individuals, they are now currently detained here on the Galactic Prison Block. Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley have been recently apprehended in Kardara and were turned over to Coruscant by Prime Minister Mordon three days ago.”
“May we request of a live visual feed of the prisoners?” Panaka asked.
“This is highly irregular sir; you have to go through a different channel for that kind of request and…”
“Archivist Tadoch this is Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas of the Jedi Council, I am overriding that, this is a matter of grave importance on an on-going investigation sanctioned by the Supreme Chancellor himself. Please provide the requested live feed or do you want me to get the Supreme Chancellor for that?” Sifo-Dyas said.
“No need sir, just wait while we set-up the requested live feed.”
“Thank you.” Sifo-Dyas bowed at the Queen then whispered to Panaka.
“I need get in touch with the council on this matter at once.” The Jedi said. Panaka nodded.
“We have another holocomm on the tech station down the main hold.” Panaka informed him.
Sifo-Dyas bowed to the Queen and left.
It didn’t take long for Sifo-Dyas to reach Mace Windu on the Jedi Temple.
“What is it Master Sifo-Dyas? Is there a development on your investigation?” the Korun Jedi inquired.
“We have captured the leaders of the Chommell Patriots but Rune Haako of the Trade Federation is presenting to us official records from Coruscant that the real leaders were already detained there and the two we have are a completely different persons.” Sifo-Dyas sighed.
“Have the copies of the records sent to me, I will personally verify its authenticity.” Mace Windu said at once.
“I will have it sent. One more thing, the Lady Crimos, in our encounter I accidentally tapped her mind, it was just a brief touch, but I think I saw the Sith behind this.” Sifo-Dyas whispered.
“Be mindful of your thoughts Master Sifo-Dyas. Do not mention that again unless we have a substantial proof to back it up. I shall discuss that matter once you’re back here.” Mace Windu raised an eyebrow.
“I understand. Stand by for the records, I’m transmitting it now.”
Above on the throne room the requested live holo feed was finally transmitted.
Captain Panaka, Queen Amidala and the Handmaidens all gasped in disbelief. There on two separate prison cells was Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley.
“Captain, bring the prisoners here.” Amidala ordered.
“You see Your Majesty, we are telling the truth.” Rune Haako said.
“I doubt that.” Amidala hissed.
Captain Panaka returned with Alle and Sheeana, the two saw Rune Haako and then the live feed but they showed no reaction to it.
“This is nothing more but an elaborate ruse Rune Haako. These prisoners we have are the real Alle and Sheeana. There were no records of such arrest on Kardara because Kardara is the territory of the Chommell Patriots and the Prime Minister was but a puppet of these two. My Royal Handmaidens have been monitoring all comm traffics and news feeds here in Kardara for months now. Those two in prison were but impostors. Rune Haako, this attempt of falsifying legal records are a direct violation to the laws of the Galactic Republic and are beyond my jurisdiction. I will see to it that Senator Palpatine will be thoroughly informed about this.” Amidala reprimanded the Neimoidian.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about! We are telling the truth!” Rune Haako protested.
Suddenly their transmission was cut off and Panaka went to the cockpit to see what happened.
“Captain Panaka, another Trade Federation ship emerged from hyperspace and has opened fire on Rune Haako’s ship.” Teros informed him.
“This doesn’t concern us. Take us out of here Captain.” Panaka said.
“Bravo Squadron, prepare to jump home, let’s leave them to their own quarrels.” Captain Teros called out to their escort ships.
“Copy that Captain!” Bravo Lead acknowledged.
“Droid Starfighters are swarming out from both battleships!” Teros announced.
The Royal Starship was suddenly thrown off their course by a glancing blow from a turbolaser. The shield protected them from destruction but they lost control and began to spin in space.
The inertial compensators failed and they were all tossed around the ship. The handmaidens and the Queen used their feet to stop themselves from hitting the walls while Captain Panaka took the magnetic clamps from its storage and threw it to the women.
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas floated his way back to them when the two prisoners collided with him and Alle slammed his head on his. Dazed, the Jedi drifted aside as the two headed down back to the main hold.
“Captain, the prisoners!” Padmé shouted.
Panaka dashed after the two who closed the lift down to the main hold.
Alle and Sheeana made their way to the escape pods and ejected. A Droid Starfighter flew under them and took the pod and flew back to the second battleship.
“Forget them, let’s get out of here!” Panaka shouted.
Captain Teros finally managed to stabilize the ship from spinning and the astromech droids hurried down to the tech station and started fixing the artificial gravity generators. Artoo and R2-E3 both worked on strengthening the shields as the Royal Starship and Bravo Squadron made their way out of the space battle between two Trade Federation battleships.
* * *
Once Alle and Sheeana was safely aboard the second Lucrehulk-class battleship, and the Royal Starship and its escorts have made the jump to hyperspace the fighting ended. The Droid Starfighters returned to their respective hangar bays.
Rune Haako spoke to the captain of the other ship and nodded. “The Naboo will never doubt what they just witnessed. They will believe there was dissention among our ranks.” Haako answered and ended the transmission.
Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley were escorted up to the command bridge and a familiar figure stood there and welcomed them back.
“Alas you are safe. Do you think that the Trade Federation will allow the two of you to be captured alive by the Republic? You two already knows too much. Rune Haako would have preferred to blast you off aboard the Royal Starship but I convinced the Viceroy of your importance.” Hath Monchar said.
“You’re alive!” Alle gasped.
“I am very much so, my friend. On a personal note, you two are the only true friend I got so I will do anything in my power to preserve you.” Monchar admitted.
“A Neimoidian admitting he has friends. That is new.” Alle raised an eyebrow.
“Regardless, we are thankful for your efforts to rescue us.” Sheeana said.
“Come, let us go to the conference room, I know you have many questions and grievances, let us talk of it.” Monchar ushered them out of the command bridge.
“What happened to you on Rori?” Alle asked as a droid served them several variants of cuisines.
“Basically I escaped. I was monitoring the perimeter holocams when I spotted a Naboo pilot planting bombs on the outer hull of my battleship so I took the back door.” Monchar explained.
“Why didn’t you make contact with us afterwards?” Sheeana asked.
“I was reassigned to facilitate the final stages of your clones, Gantu suggested those idea years ago, he has argued and convinced the Viceroy that clone decoys would be very useful someday.” Monchar answered.
“Cloning is expensive, the Viceroy just agreed to that?” Alle frowned.
“Not willingly at first, it was practically a business suicide but Gantu gave his entire share for the expenses of the clones. He told me that he wasn’t in this group for the credits but for the cause of the Chommell Patriots. He said that he wanted the Gungans to one day attain equal stature among the dominant and arrogant Naboo. He said that Boss Nass was too stupid to fight for their rightful place in the surface of Naboo.” Monchar told them.
“So behind all that cold savage bravado of his, he was a real patriot after all.” Alle said in amazement.
“His dedication to our group pales ours by comparison.” Sheeana admitted.
“Gantu and I have had long talks about such matters. I am beginning to see things differently now.” Monchar lowered his voice.
Alle and Sheeana looked at each other.
“Monchar, are you trying to say what we think you’re trying to say?” Alle asked.
“I do not wish to get entangled by this scheme the Viceroy is getting himself into. This is too risky and beyond the scope of business. Droids are being produced in greater numbers every month. There are talks that the heads of the biggest business empires in the galaxy are starting to secretly meet each other. Something is wrong here and this is more than just simple taxation disputes. This is war, a galaxy wide war.” Monchar said.
“That’s just crazy, the galaxy is too big, the Republic is too powerful and not to mention there are practically thousands of Jedi protecting its sovereignty.” Sheeana said.
“The Dark Lords of the Sith are behind this plot. They intend to expose themselves once the war began.” Monchar explained.
“Impossible! Come on Hath, don’t talk nonsense on us.” Alle shook his head.
“Look at this.” Hath Monchar has taken out a small palm-sized pyramidal metal relic.
“Is that made of gold?” Sheeana gasped at the gleaming object.
“This is a Sith Holocron.” He revealed to them.
Alle and Sheeana both leaned forward to get a closer look.
“Looks expensive,” Sheeana gawked in awe.
“Looks dangerous, don’t do this Monchar, the Sith, if they do exist, will hunt down and kill you. You don’t stand a chance against their kind.” Alle shook his head.
“Imagine how much people would be willing to pay just to have knowledge of the return of the Sith.” Monchar argued.
“If you do this, you will have the Sith, the Trade Federation and the Republic plus the Jedi Order breathing down your neck. They will be out for your blood.” Alle said dissuading him.
“Not even the entire forces of the Chommell Patriots could even protect you against such adversaries.” Sheeana added in concern.
“I have made up my mind, my friends. I will sell this Sith holocron to the highest bidder. I will go on hiding for the meantime. I will contact you the moment I sold this.” Monchar said with finality.
“You’re sealing your fate Monchar, I strongly advice you not to do this.” Alle shook his head.
“Thank you for your concerns but I have made up my mind. I must do this.” He said and started to get up.
Alle stood and walk to him and held his arm. “Last advice Monchar, don’t do this.” He said to him. The Neimoidian shook his head and left.
“Escort them to the shuttle and have them landed safely back on Kardara.” Hath Monchar informed the Battle Droid before he left.
“Roger, roger.” the battle droid nodded.

Chapter 23: The Calm before the Storm

In the following months the tension between Trade Federation and the Naboo halted into a stand-off. The report submitted by Queen Amidala about the suspected involvement of the Trade Federation on falsifying records in the Capital in regard to the alleged clones of Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley occupied the attention of the Trade Federation as Senator Palpatine and Jedi Master Mace Windu pursued the investigation on that matter.
The Chommell Patriots deserted their third base on Naboo and their main headquarters on Kardara. Despite the concerted efforts of Naboo and the other worlds within the Chommell Sector, they never found any trace of the once troublesome rebel group.
A new batch of trainees from the Order of the Sanctuary was sent to be trained to serve as Royal Handmaidens.
Captain Panaka and Aluva D’asima headed their secret program while Sabé became the permanent decoy for Queen Amidala. In every public event the decoy Sabé portrayed as the Queen. She and Padmé developed a code-talk and hand and facial signals in communicating with other in public, especially when Sabé were put on spot where she must issue a statement or a decision of matters of the state.
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas returned to Coruscant after making sure that the threat to the life of Queen Amidala was finally gone and that the Lady Sarc Crimos has truly died during the destruction of the plasma mines on Kardara.
The clones met a questionable accident a few weeks after the incident of Kardara, having no other leads to pursue the investigation the matter was dropped out from the Courts.
Captain Malo Teros retired and Queen Amidala promoted Captain Ric Olié to become the Captain of the Royal Starship.
Captain Ric Olié chose Lieutenant Hoff Siege to be his successor on Bravo Squadron and made him Captain.
Junior Palace Guard Gregar Typho was promoted by his Uncle Captain Panaka due to his exemplary service and made him lieutenant.
Artoo Detoo was given permanent duty to the Queen’s Royal Starship due to his innovativeness and efficiency during their last mission to Kardara.
Under the care of Captain Ric Olié, Artoo Detoo found a home with the Olié family and forged a bond between Rinn and even with Thea. Captain Hoff Siege visits Artoo once in a while and sometimes even take him to the hangar to assist in repairs and reconditioning several astromech units to peak performance.
Naboo settled down and lapse into peace time once more even though the Trade Federation still make regular attempts to persuade Queen Amidala into signing their proposed treaty.
* * *
Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas was reported to have perished in his last mission. Master Dooku and his former apprentice Master Qui-Gon Jinn led the funeral for the fallen Jedi.
Queen Amidala came to Coruscant to attend the Jedi’s funeral and the whole of Naboo grieved on their hero’s death.
Darth Maul has returned to his master after he acquired all of the items in the list given to him. Lord Sidious was pleased with his performance but sent him once more on an errand.
Darth Maul came to Coruscant to hunt down the traitor Hath Monchar.
Back in Naboo, Aluva D’asima resigned her post as Royal Handmaiden and focused on training new ones.
Dané was added to the Royal Handmaidens while a new batch trained under Aluva, they were Dormé, Cordé, Versé, Moteé and Ellé.
Captain Panaka decided to place them as reserves and arrange them temporary duties for the palace once they finished their training.
* * *
A hooded figure stood on the far end of the long abandoned cathedral deep in the low levels of Coruscant.
Another figure in black cloak knelt before him below the steps.
“You have failed me, do you expect mercy?” the man standing rasped at the other.
“I beg for retribution.” A female voice spoke.
“Against whom? The Jedi who were known to have killed you has already perished, under the blade of his own trusted friend.” Darth Sidious asked.
“I wish to kill the Queen.” She said.
“Any moment now the Naboo will be invaded and the Queen will be forced to bow to our wishes. She will be of no use to me once she signed that treaty.” Lord Sidious explained.
“Then I shall be free to slay her.”
“Rise Lady Crimos. You will have your revenge.” Darth Sidious nodded and Darth Maul appeared from the corner and snarled at her.
“Hath Monchar has been dealt with. Bring me the heads of Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley.” Darth Sidious commanded.
“Yes my master.” Darth Maul and Lady Crimos both bowed and left.

Chapter 24: The Raltosan Enterprise

Hath Monchar had left a million credits to the account of Alle Vomm the last time they saw each other and five more million was transferred to their off-world account by the InterGalactic Banking Clan after the Neimoidian’s mysterious death on Coruscant.
When Alle and Sheeana were escorted back to Kardara that time, they quickly called for a grand conference and addressed all of the generals and commanders of the Chommell Patriots.
Alle Vomm gave the orders to vacate Kardara as soon as possible. Sheeana dispatched several teams to search for their next base of operations, somewhere distant and uncharted.
Alle and Sheeana then led the evacuation of Kardara and transported their followers on the Roche Asteroid field while they await the reports of their scouts.
When the scouts returned, Alle and Sheeana reviewed the various worlds suggested to them by their men and they both chose GC8482 a lush uninhabited world in the Wild Space. They purchased the rights to inhabit the planet for a million credits, an under the table deal with the Supervising Officer on the Galactic Mapping Committee.
The group migrated there and Alle and Sheeana began using their credits to change their name and establish a legitimate business empire.
They created the Raltosan Enterprise in honor of their friend Gantu Onu Raltos. They divided the company in three branches, the Space Casinos, the Loyalty Security Firm and the Hybrid Trading Industry.
They filed a petition to the Galactic Star Maps to renamed GC8482 to Moviana. After a week of legal campaigns and more credit transactions, the petition was approved in record time.
They changed their name to Movi and Ana Yelf and got officially married. They also had their facial, retinal and finger print patterns surgically altered with the help of one of their Hutt connections.
For the past three months they finally experienced a normal life. Their people loved them and they started to build towns all over Moviana. They granted lease for some to start their own little business life shops, clubs, hotels and markets.
They estimated that within a year if their profit margin continues to grow and their people continue to expand they might end up ruling their own little world.
Movi Yelf was even more overjoyed when Ana told him she was pregnant. The couple went to Alderaan for a special dinner date. Movi even arranged a scheduled private tour to the Aldera Royal Palace to personally meet Queen Breha Organa.
* * *
“Isn’t this fantastic? This planet is so beautiful.” Ana exclaimed looking out the view on the lake outside.
“We should have done this a long time ago. So much time has been wasted…” Movi sighed.
Ana placed her hand on his and looked at him in the eyes. “Hey, it’s in the past. We’re a completely different person now. We’re doing our best to atone for our sins, we employ people regardless of species, we provide them security for their hard earn credits and we are now their protectors.” Ana assured him.
“That’s the idea isn’t? Why do I still feel haunted?” Movi said.
“It’s because you are a father now. You are finally seeing things the way you’ve never thought of before. So am I.” Ana leaned back on her chair and rubbed her flat belly.
“Is he growing now?” Movi asked.
“Inside yes, but it won’t be evident until a couple of months from now,” Ana smiled at him.
The waiter came and placed their order at their table, poured the wine and left the bottle on a pail of ice.
“Anything else Sir, Madam?” the Caamasi waiter asked.
“No, thank you.” Movi smiled and gave him a tip.
“I got to admit, this is way better than old times.” Movi said and they both ate in relative silence, enjoying the view, their meal and each other’s company.
After they changed on their hotel they took an airtaxi to the Aldera Royal Palace. The place was majestic and utterly clean. Ana closed her eyes and felt she was being taken to the heavens.
The couple approached the Sentry and showed him their schedule card.
The Sentry sent for a landspeeder driven by another Caamasi and opened the gates for them. Movi and Ana hopped in and the vehicle took them around the palace so they could see the castle in every angle before stopping to where they started.
“We are now entering the Royal Lawn, this serves as the garden and outer perimeter of the palace.” The driver explained.
“Are we allowed to record?” Movi asked.
“There are places in the tour where you may take pictures and holorecordings. This is one of those places.” The driver nodded.
Ana moved the driver’s side and placed an arm on the Caamasi as they both look back to face Movi, “Smile!”
Later in the tour they were led to the veranda overlooking the plains of Aldera. They were on the upper levels of the palace.
“Mr. and Mrs. Yelf, meet Queen Breha Organa.” The Caamasi announced and a very beautiful and regal woman gracefully glided towards them.
Movi and Ana gaped in awe. Her presence was so powerful they felt unworthy to stand before her. Ana’s thought flew when she first saw Queen Amidala during the coronation. Then she remembered when she slapped her on the mines of Kardara and how the goddess beauty became a deadly warrior that almost killed her.
Could Breha be as deadly as Queen Amidala? Ana shook her thoughts and realized the Queen was offering her hand. She felt honored and ashamed but she took the hand and shakes it in fear to offend the Queen.
“You are most fortunate today Mr. and Mrs. Yelf.” The Queen was saying.
“Thank you Your Grace, but may I ask why?” Movi asked.
“I have a guest and she was kind enough to allow others to share our dinner. Will you join us?” Queen Breha offered.
“We just…” Movi started to say but Ana spoke quickly.
“We are most honored Your Majesty.”
“Very well, follow me.” Queen Breha returned inside.
The Caamasi walked beside the couple, “You are truly most fortunate, tourists are not allowed to dine with the Queen when another Queen is present.”
Movi and Ana halted in surprise, “Another Queen?”
“Queen Amidala of Naboo and her Royal Handmaidens are here for a trade venture and to celebrate the appointment to the Galactic Senate of the Queen’s husband, Prince Bail Prestor Organa.” The Caamasi answered and opened the door to the Royal Dining Hall.
Movi and Ana looked at each other and paled but the Caamasi was oblivious to their reaction and he firmly led them to their seats. There were other people but by the look of their clothes the couple knew they were part of the palace.
Queen Amidala sat on the other end of the five meter long table while Queen Breha was seated on the Head of the table.
Ana shyly glanced at Queen Amidala and noted that she was as regal and as majestic as ever. She looked around at the Royal Handmaidens who remained standing on each side of their Queen. Ana felt nauseated remembering the last time she saw them. She felt Movi squeezing her hand in assurance and whispered.
“We have changed our faces remember, calm down. It’ll be alright.” Movi gave a light kiss on her temple.
Queen Breha introduced them to Queen Amidala as her guests and the Queen of Naboo smiled and nodded at them politely, other than that the conversation dwell on casual sharing of news from each world and several political issues and their expression of joy, expectations and excitement at the appointment of Prince Organa to the Galactic Senate.
After that tensed meal the pair was finally escorted back to the outer gates where the Sentry took the liberty of summoning an airtaxi.
* * *
“I told you she won’t recognize us.” Movi said as he steps in the shower.
“My heart was pounding so loud throughout the diner I thought they would all hear it.” Ana exclaimed as she dropped her dress on the floor and admired her well formed nakedness in the mirror.
“You know what, with all that tension earlier, we need to unwind, come in here my love and let’s share the cold water.” Movi teased.
“How could I ever say no to that?” Ana grinned and joined her husband and the two engulfed each other with their kisses.
“Touching.” the low dispassionate voice startled the couple as if their skin had just jumped out of their body.
Movi peered out of the shower and saw the tattooed face Zabrak bodyguard of the late Hath Monchar.
“Step out or I’ll drag you both.” The Zabrak purred like a deadly feline predator.
The couple draped themselves with towels and moved out of the bathroom. The Zabrak’s back was on them and he flatly told them to stand by the wall and remove their towels.
“Excuse me?” Movi croaked, he intended to sound flabbergasted but the shaking of his muscles made him only sound like a whining kid.
“I don’t repeat myself.” The Zabrak hissed and unclipped his long lightsaber.
Movi and Ana dropped the towels and stood by the wall, the felt completely helpless and vulnerable standing naked before a menacing creature.
“I see the credits didn’t make you fat like most rich people become.” Another all too familiar voice spoke from the other side of the room.
The Lady Sarc Crimos stepped out of the darkness and into the brightly lit room. Her pair of lightsabers was already on her hands.
Darth Maul slowly turned around to face them.
“I am having a little dilemma here and I’d like to ask your help.” Maul snarled.
“Anything, we’ll do anything, just don’t kill us.” Movi begged, Ana was now crying and hugging herself.
“Ah the woman is pregnant, congratulations!” Crimos grinned.
Maul briefly glanced at Ana’s belly. “I really need your help.”
“What can we do?” Ana’s voice shakes with fear.
“Which one of you wants to watch the other one die first?” Maul said.
The couple embraced each other and cried and begged for their lives.
“Oh stop it you look pathetic, is this what has become of the fearless founders of the Chommell Patriots? Reduced to a stupid pair of cry babies?” Crimos spat.
“Disgusting isn’t it?” Maul glanced at Crimos and ignited his lightsaber.
“Very.” Crimos ignited her pair of lightsabers.

PART TWO - ROYAL SERVICE

Chapter 25: First Move

Padmé Naberrie sat by the terrace overlooking the calm lake before their villa. Eirtaé and Rabé were sitting by the garden having tea with Jobal and Ruwee.
Sola leaned on the railing beside her.
“I haven’t seen you, as yourself since the coronation.” Sola smiled.
“Things have been tough for our world lately, mostly on galactic matters.” Padmé nodded.
“Things have been tough for you, little sister.” Sola placed an arm over Padmé.
“At first yes, but since Captain Panaka got the idea of making Padmé the Handmaiden a different person from Amidala the Queen, the actual risk for my safety has been reduced. But I’m not saying I’m off the hook.” Padmé smiled apologetically.
“So this Sabé, is she the one we’ve been seeing in public and in the HoloNet?” Sola asked.
“Yes. I am always standing within eye contact of her. She is a brave woman and a very good and loyal friend. All of them are.” Padmé looked at the two handmaidens that accompanied her.
“Mother and father were constantly worried to death whenever you fly off to distant worlds, you’ve even barely spent half the year as Queen and you’ve already endured so much.” Sola’s voice cracked a little as sobs tries to break through her voice.
“I know, and it pains me more to know how much this duty is making you all worried for my safety than the actual threats on my life. But you have to be strong for mother and father. I am doing my best, though I’ll feel a lot better if I know you are being strong for their sake.” Padmé smiled warmly.
“Of course I’m being strong for them, what makes you think you’re the one holding this family together?” Sola laughed.
Padmé joined her sister’s laughter, “That’s more like it.”
Captain Siege trailed behind by Artoo Detoo made his way to the Queen. “Your Highness, we have problem, we must head back to Theed as soon as possible.”
“What happened? What’s wrong?” Padmé asked. The Handmaidens were already saying their goodbye to Padmé’s parents.
Hoff glanced at Sola and braced himself, “The blockade has started.”
* * *
Queen Amidala was once more clad in her Throne-room gown and has called a full emergency meeting.
Everyone she needed is present.
Aluva D’asima and Sabé stood behind her left and right shoulders. The other Royal Handmaidens including the reserves sat on an outer semi-circle ring of chairs facing inward.
Captain Panaka stood to her right by the edge of her low table.
Governor Sio Bibble was poised on the first inner chair to her left. The rest of the Inner Chairs were occupied by the Advisory Council.
Captain Ric Olié and Captain Hoff Siege stood in attention by the columns of the blastdoor. The hologram of Senator Palpatine and Supreme Chancellor Valorum was projected at the center facing the Queen of Naboo.
“Your Majesty we are deeply sorry for this rash move from the Trade Federation. I have conferred with the Jedi Council and they have immediately dispatched two Jedi ambassadors to negotiate to Viceroy Nute Gunray and convince him to remove the blockade.” Chancellor Valorum assured her.
“I have filed a formal complaint to the Trade Federation for this drastic action against our sovereignty. Senator Lott Dod must answer this complaint.” Senator Palpatine promised.
“How long until the Jedi arrive before they could begin the negotiation?” Amidala asked.
“They have been dispatched an hour ago; they should be there in another hour. Your Highness, please contact me at once the moment the Jedi reported to you. Farewell and May the Force be with you.” Chancellor Valorum bowed and ended his transmission.
“Don’t worry my Queen. I will deal with the bureaucratic end of this mess. Meanwhile please be patient and wait for the Jedi ambassadors.” Palpatine said in parting.
* * *
Queen Amidala issued a stand down to the entire Naboo Royal Security Forces stressing to Captain Panaka and Captain Ric Olié that even if they launch the entirely Naboo Space Fighters Corps they would only be decimated by a single Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class ship, and there were dozens of those orbiting now around Naboo and more are emerging from hyperspace.
Captain Panaka called the other two captains and together they walked to the main Theed hangar and from there spoke with each other freely. “We should disperse our forces. We must not be caught in one city.” Panaka said.
“So the Trade Federation will invade us, what about the Jedi ambassadors?” Hoff asked.
“We must be prepared for a worst case scenario. Hoff, tell my nephew to divide our ground forces and redistribute them across the outlying cities.” Panaka instructed.
“Got it.” Hoff nodded and took Artoo with him.
“Ric, prime the Royal Starship in case we need to take the Queen, off-world.” Panaka said to his friend.
“I’ll handle it.” Ric Olié nodded gravely as Panaka headed to the Conference Room to make the calls for his Security Officers.
Captain Panaka held a quick briefing with all of his Security Officers once Captain Siege and Artoo Detoo rejoined Panaka on the conference room. Panaka used the help of the astromech droid to show the officers his plans for defense and guerilla tactics should the Trade Federation begin their invasion.
Artoo Detoo projected a miniature holomap of Theed as Panaka pointed out to them key places to set up ambush, traps and hideouts. After Theed, Panaka gave instructions for the defenses of the rest of the cities of the Naboo.
After a few suggestions and discussions the Security Officers were dismissed and they each hurried to their respective designations to rally their forces and begin setting up their defenses.
“Hoff, take Artoo to the NRE and have them distribute all functional weapons, landspeeders, speederbikes, and airspeeders to every city as fast as possible. Also have those vehicles retrofitted with armaments and shielding. Keep everything quiet, we do not want to incite panic to our people.” Panaka explained.
“Yes sir!” Hoff saluted and rode at his landspeeder with Artoo Detoo and drove in a hurry to the NRE compound in the outskirts of Theed.
* * *
At the command bridge of the Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship Saak’ak, Viceroy Nute Gunray, Settlement Officer Rune Haako, Captain Daultay Dofine and the Lady Sarc Crimos watched the approaching silver protocol droid.
“What? What did you say?” Viceroy Nute Gunray was shocked at the news relayed to him by the silver protocol droid.
“The Ambassadors are Jedi Knights, I believe.” TC-14 repeated.
“I told you the Senate will send the Jedi.” the Lady Sarc Crimos grunted.
“I knew it! They were sent to force a settlement! The game’s up! Blind me, we’re done for!” Daultay Dofine exclaimed.
“Stay calm. Go and distract them while I contact Lord Sidious.” Nute Gunray nodded.
“Are you brain-dead? I will not go in there with two Jedi Knights, send her!” Dofine pointed at the hybrid Dark Jedi.
“Neimoidian cowards, must I do everything myself?” the Lady Sarc Crimos growled and took a cadre of battle droids with her.
* * *
Captain Panaka returned to the throne room in time to see Queen Amidala making contact with the Trade Federation Viceroy. He stood on his post on the right side of the table of the Queen.
“Again you come before me, Your Highness. The Federation is pleased.” Viceroy Nute Gunray abruptly said as his holographic transmission began.
“You will not be pleased when you hear what I have to say, Viceroy. Your trade boycott of our planet has ended.” Amidala said coldly.
“I was not aware of such a failure.” Nute Gunray shook his head.
“I have word that the Chancellor’s ambassadors are with you now, and that you have been commanded to reach a settlement.” Amidala said with conviction.
“I know nothing about any ambassadors… you must be mistaken.” Nute Gunray shrugged.
Aluva and Sabé glanced at each other as Governor Sio Bibble and the Advisory Council whispered among them.
“Beware, Viceroy… the Trade Federation is going too far this time. You have already failed in your scheme with the Chommell Patriots and with that Dark Jedi in the past. You will do so again.” Amidala warned the cunning Neimoidian.
“We will never do anything without the approval of the Senate. You assume too much.” the Viceroy feigned innocence.
“We will see.” Queen Amidala said flatly and signaled for the transmission to end. Aluva leaned down on the Queen as Amidala whispered at her.
“Make contact with the Lady Crystaé, then take her with you to Otoh Gunga, try to warn the Gungans and see if we could sway them to help us secure our people should the Trade Federation do invade us. If the Jedi has already failed then we must gather as many allies as we could. Even if the Republic manages to spare a fracture of their navy to aid us, it’ll be too late before they get here.” Queen Amidala said to Aluva who nodded at her orders gravely.
Governor Sio Bibble finally managed to get a secure line with Senator Palpatine and the old man’s hologram appeared before them at the center.
“Your Highness, I just got back from a meeting with the Supreme Chancellor and I…” Palpatine bowed but Amidala spoke at once.
“The Viceroy claims that no ambassadors came to them at all.” Amidala said.
“How could that be true? I have assurances from the Chancellor… his Ambassadors did arrived. It must be the… get… negotiate…” the hologram of the Senator flickered to static until it disappeared entirely.
“Senator Palpatine?” Amidala called out to the empty projection platform then turn to regard her Captain, “What’s happening?”
Panaka turns to the Tech Sergeant, “Check the transmission generators…”
“A malfunction?” the Governor frowned.
“It could be that the Trade Federation is jamming our signal, Your Highness.” Panaka surmised as he tries to get in touch with the NRE to no use.
“A communications disruption could mean only one thing, invasion.” Governor Sio Bibble informed them.
“The Trade Federation will not dare go that far. They can never risk defying the Republic’s Law so openly.” Amidala countered.
“The Senate will revoke their trade franchise, and they’d be finished. They are already in deep trouble as it is, for their involvement with the Chommell Patriots. If they invade they will only seal their doom under the mercy of the Republic.” Panaka explained.
“We must continue to rely on negotiation, and so should they.” the Queen decided.
“What negotiation? We’ve just lost all communications! And where on the galaxy are the Chancellor’s Ambassadors?” Sio Bibble exclaimed.
Panaka turns to warn the Queen, “This is a dangerous situation, Your Highness. Our security volunteers will be no match against a battle-hardened Trade Federation army.”
Amidala glanced at each and everyone in the throne room and spoke gravely, “I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.”
The Queen stared at them all in grave determination; she left her next words hanging in the air unspoken but far more clearly than actually voicing it out loud.
And neither will we back out should they decide to do so.

Chapter 26: The Chancellor’s Ambassadors

The Galactic Republic Consular-class space cruiser Radiant VII emerged from hyperspace and cruised across the Naboo System towards the numerous Trade Federation blockade around the planet of Naboo.
Radiant VII sailed straight to the Trade Federation Viceroy’s flagship Saak’ak.
Captain Maoi Madakor and her co-pilot Lieutenant Antidar Williams hailed the battleship.
“Trade Federation flagship Saak’ak this is Captain Madakor of the Republic Judicial Forces, Captain of the diplomatic ship Radiant VII. We are under orders from the Supreme Chancellor to deliver the Ambassadors to negotiate with Viceroy Nute Gunray.” Captain Madakor announced.
“Please hold your approach vector and await instructions.” answered an artificial female voice.
The Radiant VII complied but after ten minutes the taller of the Ambassadors finally stood up from his chair and approached the captain.
“Captain,” the taller ambassador spoke.
“Yes sir?” Captain Madakor acknowledged.
“Tell them we wish to board at once.”
“Yes sir.” Captain Madakor nodded at her co-pilot who opened a visual uplink to the command bridge of the flagship Saak’ak.
“With all due respect Viceroy, the ambassadors for the supreme chancellor have requested that they be allowed to board immediately.” Captain Madakor stated.
“Yes, yes, Captain, of course. We would be happy to receive the ambassadors at once.” Viceroy Nute Gunray nodded and a beacon was activated on the Inner Wall Hangar of the massive Saak’ak.
Moments later the two ambassadors has been escorted by TC-14 to the empty conference room and informed them to wait for the arrival of the Viceroy.
The cloaked pair threw back their hood.
“I got a bad feeling about this.” the Jedi padawan learner Obi-Wan Kenobi stated. He just got back from the still ongoing conflict on Anzat and was just barely recovered from grief at the recent death of his friend Padawan Darsha Assant and her fallen master, Anoon Bondara.
“I don’t sense anything.” Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn shrugged and regarded his padawan with mild curiosity.
“It’s not about here, Master. It’s not about this mission. It’s something elsewhere… something elusive.” Obi-Wan frowned trying to figure out what was bothering him.
Qui-Gon nodded in understanding as they move to look out at the wide transparisteel viewport revealing a panoramic view of the planet of Naboo and the Trade Federation blockade around it.
“Don’t center on your anxiety, Obi-Wan. Keep your concentration on the here and the now, where it belongs.” Qui-Gon said to him.
“But Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future…” Obi-Wan objected.
“But not at the expense of the present. Be mindful of the Living Force my young padawan.” Qui-Gon countered.
Obi-Wan smiled and changed the topic. “Yes Master. How do you think the viceroy would deal to the supreme chancellor’s demands?”
“These Neimoidians are cowards, cunning and scheming but cowards nonetheless. Remember when we first encounter them during the Stark Hyperspace War twelve years ago? They will not be hard to persuade. The negotiations will be short.” Qui-Gon explained to him.
* * *
Darth Sidious’ holo appeared before Viceroy Nute Gunray and Captain Daultay Dofine just moments after the Lady Sarc Crimos went to deal with the Jedi.
“What is it?” Sidious grunted in annoyance for being disturbed.
“The Republic Ambassadors are Jedi Knights.” Viceroy Gunray said at once.
“Are you sure?” the Sith Lord hissed.
“They have been identified, my lord.” Gunray nodded but Dofine brushed past him and pointed a finger at the Dark Lord of the Sith’s image.
“This scheme of yours has failed Lord Sidious! The blockade is finished! We dare not go up against Jedi Knights!” Dofine exclaimed accusingly.
Darth Sidious’ image seemed to grow even bigger as the Neimoidian captain began to gasp for air and clutch his throat. Viceroy Gunray was too terrified to move or even react as he watches his captain struggle in futility until he went limp and fell dead.
“Viceroy, get rid of this stunted piece of slime out of my sight. Do you understand?” Darth Sidious growled menacingly.
“Yes, my lord.” Gunray signaled for the battle droids to drag the captain’s corpse out of the command bridge.
“This turn of events is unfortunate, but not fatal. We must accelerate our plans Viceroy. Begin landing your troops.” Darth Sidious commanded.
“My lord, is it legal?” Gunray hesitated to ask.
“I will make it legal.” the Sith nodded.
“And the Jedi?” Gunray asked in fear.
“The chancellor should never have brought them into this. Send the Lady Crimos, have them killed immediately.” Darth Sidious ordered.
“She’s on her way to them already.” Gunray bowed as the image of the Sith faded, he then turn to Rune Haako.
“Blow up their ship and start the deployment!” Viceroy Nute Gunray exclaimed.
* * *
“Master is it customary for Neimoidians to make their guests wait this long?” Obi-Wan inquired.
TC-14 entered the conference room and started to serve drinks to them.
“I sense an unusual amount of fear for something as trivial as this trade dispute. Their inability to suppress such fear only strengthens my resolve that the Trade Federation is indeed actually behind the numerous attempts of the Chommell Patriots since the final days of the late King Veruna’s rule.” Qui-Gon Jinn speculated.
“The bodies of Master Nirgi Nug and his apprentice Vaed Illomerg were found on the Elai planetoid only a couple of dozen parsecs from Cato Neimoidia. As I recall, they were sent to Cato Neimoidia to investigate the Trade Federation link to the Chommell Patriots.” Obi-Wan supplied.
“Your memory serves you well Obi-Wan. Yes, the Council would have wanted to send us there to finish Master Nug and his apprentice’ mission but Master Dooku had argued against it and convinced Masters Yoda and Windu to send us here instead.” Qui-Gon nodded.
“Master!” Obi-Wan gasped as smoke started to fill the conference room.
“Oh dear!” TC-14 backed away from them.
“Dioxide!” Qui-Gon exclaimed and the two Jedi held their breath with the assistance of the Force.
Upon tapping the Force the pair also instantly sensed a powerful dark presence just outside the blastdoors.
The battle droids positioned themselves outside with blaster rifles aimed at the blastdoor. Lady Sarc Crimos held her lightsabers ready as she stood at the back of the droids, she grinned when she felt the subtle probing of the Jedi on her presence.
The blastdoor slid open and the battle droids poised to open fire but TC-14 emerged from the smoke covered interior of the conference room.
“Oh! Excuse me, Sirs… thank you.” TC-14 scuttled out carrying her serving tray. The droids’ gaze momentarily followed the protocol droid, and when they returns their attention at the room, two beams of light sizzled through the haze, one green and the other blue.
“Open fire!” the commanding droid ordered.
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi emerged from the smoke and started blocking, deflecting and redirecting the barrage of laser bolts back to the battle droids.
Moments later, when the last standing droids there finally collapsed in heaps of molten metal pieces, the Lady Sarc Crimos finally ignited her lightsabers.
“Sarc Crimos, the Outcast.” Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn greeted the former Jedi.
“Qui-Gon Jinn, the Defiant One.” Crimos purred and winked at the startled Obi-Wan.
“You’re supposed to be dead…” Obi-Wan gasped.
“Is it really now, because Sifo-Dyas said so? If there’s one thing I did learn in my years in your so called Jedi Order, it’s that never to believe everything a Jedi says.” Crimos said with contempt.
“Enough talk!” Obi-Wan lurched before Qui-Gon could stop him. His argent blade clashed in a shower of sparks on the pair of red and blue blades of Crimos.
Qui-Gon arced to the left and attacked forcing Crimos to engage two opponents from opposite direction.
“Obi-Wan, get the Viceroy, I’ll handle her!” Qui-Gon barked.
Obi-Wan sprang up, somersaulted over Crimos as Qui-Gon pounded on. The padawan landed on a tuck and roll and used Force-speed towards the curving hallway leading to the command bridge of Saak’ak.
“Handle me? Master Jinn, you can’t even handle your own woman!” Crimos grinned.
Qui-Gon ignored her goading although it brought up memories of Tahl, but the veteran Jedi shook her image off of his head and concentrated on the prodigal Jedi.
* * *
Obi-Wan reached the deck and saw the Viceroy inside the command bridge. He rushed towards them and the Neimoidian spotted him coming.
“Seal off the bridge!” Viceroy Nute Gunray shouted.
The blastdoor to the command bridge sealed shut before Obi-Wan could reach it.
“Have you ever encountered a Jedi Knight before?” Rune Haako asked.
“No, and I don’t intend to change that. Send in the droidekas!” Gunray ordered.
Outside Obi-Wan pierced his lightsaber on the durasteel blastdoor and patiently waited for the metal to melt down.
“He’s still coming through!” Gunray gasped.
Haako punched the buttons for the emergency lockdown and two more layers of blastdoor closed in on the entrance.
Obi-Wan felt the clanging of metals from the inside and paused to adjust the setting of his lightsaber. He triggered the secondary button and his lightsaber doubled in length, the blade piercing through the two more layers.
“This is impossible! Where are those droidekas?” Gunray groaned in terror.
The blastdoor to the command bridge was situated on a T-junction and as Obi-Wan finally felt he was about to get through, three groups of droidekas rolled out from each side of the corridors.
Their shields powered and on and began firing deadly laser bolts at him. Obi-Wan Force-shoved the droids on the left and ran off as the swarm of droidekas went after him.
* * *
“What’s in it for you Crimos? You’re not one to devote for such a cause and you definitely could not be possibly in on this for the credits…” Qui-Gon grunted.
“So you’re supposed to know me now, old man?” Crimos sneered and sliced low with her green and at the same time gave a high sweep with her blue lightsaber at the Jedi.
Qui-Gon dived away avoiding her two blades as he stretched out his hand and grazed the shoulder armor of Crimos.
The metal clanged loudly on the pavement as Crimos took a step back and dropped her cloak off. She was now left with her Nightsister tribal battle gear that looks more like dark metal lingerie exposing her pale bluish skin and intricate witch tattoos from legs to hips, to navel to breasts to her arms and the right side of her face, her heterochromatic eyes blazing from the mixed hues of her blue and green blades.
Qui-Gon concentrated as the metal plates on the floor and the walls began to peel off the welds and bolts and started hurling towards the Lady Crimos.
Crimos uses the Force to shove the incoming debris aside but as the metal plates cleared she found no trace of Qui-Gon Jinn nearby.
Snarling in rage she ran on the corridor where she assumed the Jedi had gone and hunted him down.
* * *
Obi-Wan Kenobi awkwardly runs crouching on the waist high ventilation shaft seeking for the hangar bay and he spotted on one of the exhaust window his master, making a run on the hallway.
Obi-Wan whistled and Qui-Gon stopped and looked up, saw his apprentice at once. Obi-Wan threw open the closest exhaust window as his master jumped up.
“Whereto, master?” Obi-Wan asked, the older Jedi pointed ahead of them.
“This shaft leads to one of their hangar, let’s find ourselves a ship.” Qui-Gon winked and led the way.
The pair dropped to the good ten meter high fall and landed safely behind tall stacks of the metal crates on the side of a vast hangar bay.
“Master, look…” Obi-Wan jerked his head on the flurry of activity on the massive hangar bay.
“It’s an invasion army! We must warn the Naboo!” Qui-Gon explained.
“You were right about one thing master, the negotiations were short.” Obi-Wan grinned then looked around and spotted on the high ceiling a C-9979 landing ship being assembled by massive robotic arms and cranes.
Qui-Gon nodded at the idea of his padawan and the two Jedi began to make the arduous ascent to the landing ship pedestals in the ceiling racks.
Below them the B1 battle droid commander OOM-9 rode a Single Trooper Aerial Platform making wide circles and overseeing the loading of the battle droids on Multi-Troop Transports and Troop Carriers.
A six-inch holographic image of Viceroy Nute Gunray appeared on the palm-sized holocomm pad at the top center of the STAP’s controls in front of Captain OOM-9.
“Landing coordinates are being transmitted to you Captain, your troops are designated now to secure Theed itself and capture the Queen, alive.” Gunray commanded.
“Copy that Viceroy, deployment is already at 70%.” OOM-9 answered.
* * *
Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi smuggled themselves into the AAT columns and relaxed when they saw that everything inside was on remote. The lines of Troop Carriers at the far walls were filled with folded and deactivated battle droids. The two were relieved that the interior of the C-9979 were not closely monitored.
“We only have one problem Master. These types of ships won’t be activating any life support. Do you think our A99 Aquata Breather will suffice?” Obi-Wan asked.
“We’re already in close orbit so I don’t think it will take long for the transport to enter the atmosphere.” Qui-Gon said.
“What if the ship landed halfway across Naboo from Theed? How are we to get there in time to warn or aid the Queen?” Obi-Wan asked.
“There are STAPs stored in this transport ship. We’ll just steal ourselves a ride.” Qui-Gon explained.
The ship began to move and the two Jedi lapsed into a semi-trance state and became almost imperceptible through the Force in order to prevent the Lady Sarc Crimos from detecting them.
The jolt sent the two Jedi out of their trance after a few minutes and Qui-Gon stood up and looked around him across the numerous of AATs stored around them.
“They’re entering the atmosphere of Naboo.” Qui-Gon explained as he helps Obi-Wan on his feet.
“There master, the STAPs!” Obi-Wan pointed at the far side of the vast wing of the C-9979 landing ship.
“Hold it, look!” Qui-Gon took cover as Obi-Wan spotted hundreds of B1 battle droids forming ranks on the staging area near the racks of STAPs.
“There goes our ride.” Obi-Wan sighed.
“I got a better idea. Follow me.” Qui-Gon suddenly grinned and started moving in a crouch across the panels of AATs and under the platform far from the activated battle droids.
Lieutenant OOM-20 stood by the forward viewport on the control center of the C-9979 landing ship watching the greenery of the jungles of Naboo below them.
Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi suddenly leaped out of their hiding place and ignited their lightsabers.
Startled B1 battle droids nearby were instantly hacked in pieces before the others finally reacted accordingly and opened fire at the two fast moving Jedi.
“Arrest those intruders!” OOM-20 ordered as Obi-Wan made his way to him and as the battle droid lieutenant raised his blaster the blue blade of the padawan came slicing through OOM-20’ss head and diagonally down to its left hip.
Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan then began to take over the controls and swung the C-9979 around and ignored the numerous hails of other droid leaders.
Qui-Gon took the steering controls while Obi-Wan handled the weapons. The pair of main defensive cannons began to swivel and open-fired at the nearby C-9979s.
Obi-Wan also fired the wing-tip blaster cannons as Qui-Gon made their ship rotate providing his apprentice maximum room for hitting targets.
When Qui-Gon saw in the radar that they have already destroyed all landing transports within their firing range he nodded at Obi-Wan and they started to rewire the ship and attach all of the bombs they found on storage on a makeshift self-destruct program.
The ship started to plummet after the Jedi left the control center, lightsabers blazing they sliced and slashed their way through the ranks of startled battle droids.
Qui-Gon had opened the metals doors and extracted the foot ramp before they left the controls center, the massive metals door were already open when Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan powered up their STAPs and began to flew out of the doomed ship.
The ship crashed and exploded on the rocky hills as the two Jedi made their way through the jungle aboard their STAPs.
OOM-9 was hailing OOM-20 to no avail and when he checked the long range sensors he saw several of the landing ships’ winked out on the radar including that of OOM-20’s ship.
“Dispatch an advance party on Grid 59 and re-establish contact with OOM-20, regroup with us on Grid 70 in 0900 hours.” OOM-9 ordered on one of the battle droid officers.
“Roger, roger!”

Chapter 27: United Against a Common Threat

One month before the Trade Federation planetary blockade on Naboo began; Queen Amidala was contacted by Viceroy Nute Gunray to settle a peaceful negotiation.
Captain Panaka and Governor Sio Bibble strongly advised the Queen not to agree on meeting with the Viceroy on the Gonodran asteroid field at the borders of the Chommell Sector.
The viceroy stated their offered conditions for a truce to the Queen. The Advisory Council saw promising results if such truce is to be sealed with the Trade Federation. After much deliberation, the Queen finally agreed to meet.
Captain Ric Olié took Bravo Flight A, led by Captain Hoff Siege to serve as their escort and placed Bravo Flight B on alert stand-by in case something goes wrong.
* * *
The Royal Starship emerged in the edge of the Gonodran asteroid field. Captain Olié scanned the area and spotted two small Trade Federation shuttle.
Captain Panaka took the comm and hailed the other ships.
The image of Viceroy Nute Gunray appeared on the monitor inside the throne room.
“Your Majesty, I trust your flight was well?” Gunray asked.
“There are some details in your proposed treaty that do not stand well for us. I wish to discuss this flaw and seek to find a compromise.” Queen Amidala said without preamble.
“There is a deserted Corellian Astronomical Observation Station in the largest asteroid down on the Gonodran. Let’s land there so we could discuss these matters in person.” Viceroy Gunray suggested.
“Captain Panaka?” Amidala regarded her Captain.
“CAOS has been swept by our advance security squad earlier. It is safe.” Captain Panaka nodded.
“Very well, Viceroy, we will meet you there.” Amidala agreed.
Once the transmission ended, Captain Panaka quickly briefed the Queen and her Royal Handmaidens about their security arrangement.
Moments later, the Royal Starship and the two Trade Federation shuttles landed on the old CAOS landing platform.
Bravo Flight A formed a halo defense orbit around the CAOS asteroid. Queen Amidala, Captain Panaka, four Security Officers, Aluva D’asima and the Royal Handmaidens Eirtaé, Saché and Rabé went to meet Viceroy Nute Gunray and Settlement Officer Rune Haako with their B1 battle droids escorts inside the CAOS compound. Captain Ric Olié and the Royal Handmaidens Padmé, Yané, Fé and Dané and Artoo Detoo stayed aboard the Royal Starship keeping watch on all of their various sensor and radar monitors.
Padmé was tasked to monitor the actual meeting, with the help of Reepek, Aluva’s old Recon-PK droid. Reepek records and transmits the meeting live to the Royal Starship.
Artoo Detoo was paired to Yané to monitor the long range radar for any incoming ships on this unlikely hyperspace route.
Fé and Dané huddled together on another terminal checking on all comm traffic within the Gonodran space. So far the only one they could pick up was theirs.
Ten minutes after the meeting began the Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship Saak’ak emerged from hyperspace and Captain Daultay Dofine hailed the Royal Starship just to assure them that they were just there to await their Viceroy.
Padmé scanned the armaments of the battleship and confirmed to Captain Olié that all were powered down. Captain Siege though remained alert and contacted Bravo Flight B back on Naboo to prepare their ships on a moment’s notice.
The meeting went on for another twenty minutes. Padmé listened attentively on the details of the negotiations and was so far pleased with Viceroy Gunray’s responses to Sabé’s conditions.
Artoo Detoo suddenly shrilled in alarm. Yané went to check the radars and began identifying the small incoming fleet.
“We got companies! Dagger-class and MorningStar-A starfighters, ten each! There are also five Dianoga-class assault starfighters and one unidentified make and model starship!” Yané announced.
“Captain Olié the first wave of the newcomers has just opened fire on the Trade Federation flagship!” the voice of Captain Siege exclaimed in the open comm channel.
“Dané, Artoo, get the Queen back here!” Captain Olié commanded.
Dané briefly glanced at Padmé and saw the other’s imperceptible nod, taking the astromech with her, the two descended the ramp.
“Second wave are flying past the Saak’ak, they are now heading towards us!” Siege announced.
“Prepare to engage!” Captain Olié said and started the pre-flight systems check and powered up the shields.
* * *
One of the MorningStar-A starfighter flew low by the main asteroid and dropped a pair of proton torpedoes on one of the Trade Federation shuttle. The explosion rocked the other shuttle and shook the royal Starship.
From the CAOS building, Viceroy Nute Gunray and Rune Haako flanked by battle droids came out running straight to the remaining Neimoidian shuttle.
Captain Panaka and Aluva came out shortly with Queen Amidala in tow and protected by the other Royal Handmaidens and darted into the Royal Starship.
A dozen Droid Starfighters spewed out from the massive Trade Federation flagship and flew to intercept and escort back the shuttle carrying their Viceroy.
Bravo Two Essara Till and Bravo Three Rhys Dallows flew side by side with Bravo Lead Hoff Siege as they led the rest of Bravo Flight A to engage the incoming unknown mercenary starfighters.
Each of the leading three got their kills at the first pass alone.
Essara Till circled and spotted one Dagger-class sneaked from behind the CAOS asteroid and lanced a single-charge ion blast at the Royal Starship that was beginning to take off.
Bravo Two’s N1 Starfighter swoop after the Dagger-class and blasted its engine with a single shot, the enemy starfighter lost control and exploded on the next asteroid.
“Captain Olié, are you alright?” Bravo Lead called out.
“Our power shorted, we’ll be able to reboot in a few minutes. Can you cover us for that long?” Captain Olié replied.
“We’ll manage.” Siege said and assigned himself and his Flight One on sentry orbit around the Royal Starship.
Another Dagger-class came in on them firing and spinning avoiding the lasers of the N1 Starfighters.
“Keep an eye sharp for sneaking ships. I’ll take down this creep!” Siege said and went after the crazy enemy starfighter.
“Blasted cowards! Captain Siege, the Trade Federation have just jumped off, we’re on our own now!” Captain Olié radioed Bravo Lead.
“Saak’ak has hundreds of Droid Starfighters in there. They could have easily taken out these mercenaries…” Siege grunted as he tried to box in his target.
“Unless…” Bravo Two commented.
“…unless those double-dealing Neimoidians themselves hired these scumbags!” Siege growled in anger at the Trade Federation and finally hit the Dagger-class starfighter.
“More enemy ships inbound!” Yané warned them.
“Captain?” Siege asked.
“We’re almost there. Your pal Artoo Detoo is fixing the engines faster than any of us could…” Olié grinned.
“I’m hit!” Bravo Two suddenly cried out.
Hoff Siege turn his ship back and helplessly saw a Dagger-class starfighter rained a barrage of laser fire at the already crippled ship of former Keren Squadron leader Essara Till.
“No!” Siege shouted in rage as the veteran pilot and her ship exploded.
“You’re mine!” Bravo Three swoop in behind the killer of Essara Till and blasted him.
The Royal Starship finally lifted off and started to head out of the asteroid field to make the jump.
Siege and the rest of Bravo Flight A went to keep the mercenaries from getting to the escaping Royal Starship.
“Jump exit is blocked by those Dianoga-class starships!” Yané announced.
“We’re veering back on the other side!” Olié gritted his teeth as he made a sharp turn and plunge back into the perilous asteroid field.
“Captain, an unidentified starship is coming in fast from your starboard!” Bravo Three called out.
“He just flew past me, he’s fast!” Siege exclaimed and turns to give chase.
The unmarked ship hit two more Bravo pilots and went after the Royal Starship. Rhys Dallows tailed the enemy ship and fired repeatedly after it. Captain Hoff Siege went in to follow them.
The starship suddenly reversed thrusters making Dallows to overshoot and in that moment the enemy ship fired its proton torpedoes. Dallows turn his ship to avoid the torpedoes. One flew past him harmlessly but the other detonated on his left wing.
Three MorningStar-A starfighters appeared on the tail of Captain Siege forcing him to shake off his assailants and lose his quarry.
A turbolaser hit the dome of Siege’s astromech and another fire grazed his accelerator compensator. Hoff’s starfighter started to go out of his control and he fought it and tried to slow it down.
Indicator lights warned him that his astromech’s power core are about to explode. Hoff groaned and punched the ejector for the droid socket. The doomed droid hit the belly of one of the MorningStar-A, and exploded.
Siege suddenly saw the looming surface of the Royal Starship coming in fast on him. “Sithspawn!”
Artoo Detoo and two other droids were at the wing fixing the starboard deflector shield generator. Siege managed to slow and keep his ship on a parallel hover above the Royal Starship.
Artoo Detoo saw the starship and recognized Captain Siege and rolled towards him and sent an inquiry to his comm.
“I lost Arthree, my accelerator compensator is grazed and automatic repairs won’t kick in on that area… I lost steerage.” Siege explained.
The other astromechs started closing on the panel and rolling back into the droid life tube hatch. Artoo Detoo made a decision and positioned himself under the droid socket.
Siege nodded in understanding and activated the clamps and picked up Artoo Detoo. The droid beeped an affirmative as he secured himself on the ship and punched in to the ship’s computers.
The astromech droid then began fixing the accelerator compensator.
“Bravo Lead, permission to join in the fray!” the voice of Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes of Bravo Flight-B suddenly hissed on their open comm channel.
The comm was filled with cheers as the second half of Bravo Squadron began blasting their way through the throng of enemy starfighters.
“We’re on the clear!” Captain Ric Olié finally announced.
“Flight-A, Flight-B, mop up then begin the jump home!” Captain Hoff Siege informed them.
“Copy that Bravo Lead!” Sykes clicked.
Only a few mercenary ships were left and the other Bravo pilots herd them easily to the kill zone. After a few moments the pilots called in and reported that they have destroyed all enemy ships.
The Naboo Royal Starship made the jump to hyperspace as Bravo Squadron regrouped and followed after the Queen’s ship back home.
* * *
A few hours after the Battle of Gonodran a thin overhauled yellow light freighter emerged from hyperspace and started to extract a magnetic tow cable and went on to gather the floating debris and remains of various ships from the recent space battle.
Inside the Zoomer, a Toydarian salvage pilot named Reti turned on his sensors for biological presence while sipping in his Drakmarian beer.
He dropped the collected debris on the landing platform of CAOS so he could sort out the useful parts for re-sell. He landed his ship and was starting to leave when the bio-sensors beeped.
Reti fluttered back to his console and checked the sensors. He marked the coordinates and started to fly his ship to it. As he nears the asteroid where a life form was detected, he primed his light cannons and powered up his shields.
As he made the circle he saw the ruins of a Naboo N1 Starfighter and a sprawled human pilot.
Reti have had dealings with the Naboo so in order to preserve his good standing with his contacts in there, he landed his ship on the asteroid and took the unconscious human aboard his Zoomer.
He examined the ship and saw the busted wing but knowing the schematics of N1s, Reti knew this ship can still be saved.
He towed the ship back to the CAOS landing platform and hurriedly took salvageable parts from the debris and lifted off.
He took the pilot and his ship off of Gonodran and made the jump to the nearest person he knows that could help him on the pilot and his ship.
He emerged on Frycas IV a small sparsely populated world in the Chommell Sector and made contact with Vana Sage.
“Reti, I’m not buying today.” Vana Sage abruptly said as soon as the Toydarian hailed her frequency.
“I’m not selling… yet. I have here a Bravo Squadron pilot shot down on Gonodran. I have his ship in tow and I think it could still be fixed. I need your help.” Reti said.
“What does a Bravo pilot doing that far off from Naboo?” Sage frowned.
“There was a fair number of debris out there fresh from a recent space battle. You’re the former Bravo pilot, you tell me.” Reti snorted.
“Fine, bring him down here. Do you still have that K-64 Kuati Power Core?” Sage asked.
“Yes but…” Reti groaned and heaved a sigh of resignation, “Alright, I’ll give it to you now for this help.”
“How generous, now hurry up, I haven’t got all day.” Sage snapped.
Reti set the Zoomer to autopilot and went to check on the still unconscious pilot and crossed his arms as he flapped his leathery wings.
“You owe me a power core.” Reti muttered.
* * *
One month later.
“Did you just see that? That Landing Ship just blew up its fellow C-9979s!” Reti exclaimed as he peered through his macrobinoculars.
“Mutiny?” Nym, a Freeorin pirate frowned.
“More like sabotage to me.” Rhys Dallows shrugged straining his eyes on the distant landing ship.
“Trade Federation battle droids don’t do mutiny nor sabotage. Whatever or whoever is piloting that C-9979 is definitely not friends of the Neimoidians. And any enemy of the Trade Federation is my ally. I’m going in there to make contact.” Vana Sage said from below them and started the engines of her swoop.
“I’m coming with you.” Dallows hurried down after her.
“Messa coming too.” Jar-jar Binks said and swung his repeater blaster cannon over his shoulder and took the reign of his narglatch Snugga.
“Keep your comlink open, we’ll keep watch.” Nym nodded at the three.
Reti crossed his arms and regarded the Freeorin as the others sped their way towards the last landing ship.
Before the Toydarian could speak Nym gasped as he looks through the macrobinoculars.
“The ship just exploded! Wait… I see two STAPs coming out, humans… two of them… in brown robes… uh oh!” the Freeorin exclaimed as he zoomed in the lenses.
“Uh oh what?” Reti frowned.
“They are Jedi.” Nym lowered the macrobinoculars and looked at Reti with mixed feelings.
“Two Jedi is better than no help at all right?” Reti shrugged.
“If you put it that way, yes of course.” Nym conceded.

Chapter 28: Naboo Underground

Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi slowed to a stop as they sense several people approaching them.
The Jedi left their STAPs in a low stationary hover and stood apart from each other, lightsaber in their hands.
The first to break out from the dense foliage was a dark skinned human woman on a swoop bike followed by a male human in worn out Naboo pilot uniform also in a swoop bike. As the humans mounted off their bikes another emerged from the bushes, it was a pale skinned Gungan riding a saddled narglatch.
Qui-Gon Jinn nodded as the male step forward.
“Master Qui-Gon Jinn, I was a Bravo pilot under Captain Hoff Siege, I’m Rhys Dallows. I’m not sure you remember me.” The man greeted.
“We could use your help. We need to send a warning to the Queen…” Qui-Gon said but Dallows shook his head.
“Long range communications are down. Trade Federation deployed a number of landing ships on the outlying towns of New Centrif, Vis and Parrlay and destroyed our communications transmitters there. Our short range comlinks can only reach a few dozen kilometers, not enough to reach Theed.” Dallows explained.
“Do you have ships?” Obi-Wan asked.
“We do but we can’t take to the skies right now, we only have few armaments and the sky is teeming with Droid Starfighters.” the woman answered.
“And you are?” Qui-Gon asked.
“Vana Sage. Former Bravo pilot as well. This is Jar-jar Binks, our Gungan asset. He was an outcast from Otoh Gunga after having a fight with Captain Tarpals because of some heated debate about tactics, you know, typical male ego stuff. He was also once apprenticed to Gantu, but the lifestyle of the Chommell Patriots is just too much for him so he decided to tag along with us instead.” Sage snorted.
Obi-Wan smiled but Jar-jar Binks loomed before the padawan.
“Youssa see anything funny, Jedi?” the Gungan stared down at Obi-Wan.
Qui-Gon interposed and spoke to the Gungan, “These swamps and lakes ran deep through the core and on to Theed right?”
“Yes.” Jar-jar nodded.
“Can you get us a transport from Otoh Gunga? We don’t have much time.” Qui-Gon asked.
“Messa guess messa could but youssa gonna owe me big time! Jar-jar has no love for those stubborn self-centered bozos.” Jar-jar grunted.
“Master Jedi, we really need your help here…” Vana protested.
“Our mission is to make the Viceroy lift his blockade, but since things are different now… very well, I will leave my padawan here to assist you for a short while but he will have to head off to Theed within three days.” Qui-Gon finally relented to Sage.
“Master, do you think it’s wise to split up?” Obi-Wan asked.
“These are a resistance group, aid them against the invasion army and it will gain us time to warn and prepare the Queen and Theed. Meet me at the palace in three days.” Qui-Gon said then nodded at Jar-jar.
“Messa warning you, Boss Rugor Nass issa not gonna be pleased to see me back there. Dessa gonna be rough…” Jar-jar muttered as he started to lead Qui-Gon to the lake and dove on the waters.
“Youssa can hold youssa breath?” the Gungan asked.
Qui-Gon nodded and placed the A99 Aquata breather on his mouth and waved at Obi-Wan. The younger Jedi and the two former Bravo pilots watch the older Jedi and the Gungan go underwater.
“What do we do now?” Obi-Wan asked them.
“The main droid army is headed to Harte Secur. We need to get there in time to aid Captain Kael.” Vana Sage answered.
“Let’s go then.” Obi-Wan nodded and stopped as the two took their swoop and the padawan stared eye to eye with Snugga.
“He won’t harm you Jedi…” Sage smiled.
“Obi-Wan.”
“Excuse me?” Sage frowned.
“Obi-Wan. My name is Obi-Wan Kenobi.” The young Jedi said.
“Oh sorry, Obi-Wan, don’t worry about Snugga, she won’t harm you.” Vana assured him again.
Obi-Wan nodded at her and approached the narglatch, Snugga seemed unconcerned and when Obi-Wan mounted her and she didn’t reacted or opposed he finally relaxed.
“Let’s go pick up the others.” Dallows said and rode off.
“Follow us Obi-Wan.” Vana said and sped after Dallows.
“Let’s go Snugga!” Obi-Wan said and the narglatch bounded on a sprint after the two swoop bikes.
* * *
Nym, Reti, Vana Sage, Rhys Dallows and Obi-Wan Kenobi stood at the precipice of the Lagoyan Cliffs overlooking the City of Harte Secur.
Before them a fierce battle was already taking place.
“They’re being overrun!” Vana cried out in alarm.
“Harte Secur has little ground forces, they were unprepared.” Nym shook his head.
“Look, there’s still a few putting up a fight!” Dallows exclaimed.
Obi-Wan took Dallow’s macrobinoculars and took a look, “About twenty to twenty five of them on that low wall, they won’t last long against those numbers of battle droids and AATs coming their way.”
“We have to help at once!” Vana said.
“What weapons and armaments do we have?” Obi-Wan asked.
“Repeater blaster cannons for each of us, a dozen blasters and about ten thermal detonators. I have stacks of power packs on my speeder plus the mounted cannon on my ride.” Nym answered.
“Alright, Vana take Dallows with you and go straight to captain Kael and tell him we’ll try to open a hole for them so they could move to a more defensive position. Nym you provide us cover fire while I draw the attention of those droids.” Kenobi instructed.
“How about me?” Reti frowned at the Jedi.
“Take these thermal detonators and set them on a three minute timer, put one to each of those AATs, make sure the bombs are distributed and spaced wide enough to ensure maximum damages.” Obi-Wan said to the Toydarian.
“What did I do to you to merit a death sentence?” Reti rolled his eyes.
“Hey, I got your back.” Obi-Wan smiled at the Toydarian.
“It’s a good plan as any, let’s get this going!” Dallows said and they all started to make their way down the cliff to Harte Secur.
* * *
Captain Kael and his men were running out of power packs and grenades and still the droid army continues to move forward.
Behind Kael was OOM-14’s droid control program his men managed to steal from the droid commander but the arrival of more droids led by OOM-9 turned the tide of battle and tip it in favor of the Trade Federation.
“Thein, Schele, get that DCP up on the city hall!” Kael ordered.
“We can’t captain, those tanks will feast on us. The stairs are too exposed!” Schele protested.
“Incoming on the east alley!” shouted one of the militia.
Captain Kael crouched towards the soldier to look at what he was talking about. He saw two humans making their way towards them. His soldiers took aim but Kael finally recognized the two and ordered his men to lower their weapon. He waited for the two to reach them before speaking.
“Vana Sage you’re still alive! Rhys Dallows, what are you doing here so far off Theed?” Captain Kael greeted and asked them.
“Long story, but right now we need to take you on higher ground. Nym and the Jedi will draw out fire long enough for us to move inside the city hall…” Sage started to explain.
“Whoa, wait, you have Jedi with you?” Kael gasped.
“Please Captain let us talk about this later once we’re inside.” Dallows shook his head.
“Wait for the Jedi…” Sage reminded them.
Captain Kael looked out at the advancing army of OOM-9 when something dropped on one of the tanks and he saw a blue shaft of light swinging and slashing in a blur.
From the lower rock face of the cliff a repeater blaster cannon opened fire at the ranks of battle droids and several AATs.
The tanks and battle droids on the cliff side started to peel off from the main army to engage the single attacker.
Obi-Wan Kenobi wasted no time and leaped towards the separating forces and sliced his way through them before darting back to further cripple the droid army.
OOM-9 and his army were so occupied on dealing with the Jedi and the sniper that they failed to notice a lone winged saboteur placing thermal detonators beneath the repulsor coils of the AATs.
That same moment Captain Kael and the others hurried up into the city hall. Once inside they began fortifying their defenses and raiding their weapons storage.
Captain Kael and his men along with Vana and Rhys has finally finished arming themselves and renewed their fire fight against the army of OOM-9.
Reti and Kenobi finally rejoined them at the same time the thermal detonators started exploding and decimating the invading droid army.
The droid commander took cover and before Captain Kael’s men could cheer a swarm of droid starfighters filled the sky and commenced on bombing the city.
Out on the foot of the cliff, Nym threw down his spent repeater blaster cannon and made a run for his speeder and drove to the city hall.
“Oh no!” Vana Sage groaned in dismay as the other move on the windows to look out at the plaza.
Thirty MMTs and AATs emerged from the forest and were moving towards Harte Secur.
“Captain Kael, we have to leave, Harte Secur is overrun, there’s nothing more we do here.” Obi-Wan said to the captain.
Vana Sage placed an arm over Captain Kael and nodded at the young Jedi.
“Captain, their next logical stop to get to Theed would be on Spinnaker City, if we hurry now we could still get there ahead of them and set up a defense.” Rhys Dallows said.
Captain Kael finally nodded and stood up, “Let’s all go to Spinnaker.”
* * *
Spinnaker City was the last largest city in the path of OOM-9’s droid army towards Theed.
Captain Kael and his troops got there after an hour and were greeted by the local Security Officers.
“What is going on? We could not raise Theed or any of the other cities. We’ve sent people to Harte Secur and Keren but no one have returned yet.” Captain Jae Sygnus said as they went inside the Spinnaker City Hall.
“The Trade Federation has not just blockaded Naboo but they are also invading it right now. Harte Secur has fallen. Our planetary communications transmitters on New Centrif, Vis and Parrlay have been destroyed. We are all that is left from the defense forces of Harte Secur.” Kael explained gravely.
“Captain Sygnus, we need to know how much people and weapons you have here.” Obi-Wan said.
Captain Sygnus finally noticed the others.
“Sygnus, this is Obi-Wan Kenobi, a Jedi Knight.” Kael introduced him.
“I’m still a padawan, an apprentice.” Obi-Wan corrected and shook the hands of Captain Sygnus.
“Where is your master?” Sygnus asked.
“He went to Otoh Gunga with Jar-jar Binks to acquire a transport to Theed.” Obi-Wan replied.
“How large is the invasion army?” Captain Sygnus inquired.
Captain Sygnus, Captain Kael, Rhys Dallows, Vana Sage, Nym, Reti and Obi-Wan Kenobi spent the next hour in devising a defense for the city and the next hour on setting up defenses all over Spinnaker.
* * *
OOM-9 halted his Command AAT and scanned Spinnaker City ahead of them.
Another ship landed beside the Command AAT and a dark figure leaped out of its cockpit and stood beside the droid commander.
“How’s their defense set up?” the new arrival asked.
“Long range cannons on the towers, one small turbolaser, sixty gun turrets throughout the city walls, about thirty armed landspeeders, an estimate of one hundred security forces and three thousand civilians but those non-combatants are now being evacuated at the back of the city.” OOM-9 enumerated.
“There is one Jedi among them.” the woman smirked.
“Just one but there was two of them…” OOM-9 asked.
“I’m sure Qui-Gon is already on his way to warn the Queen and left his padawan to delay our progress as much as possible. Captain, I want you to level down Spinnaker. Kill everyone.” the Lady Sarc Crimos ordered.
“Roger that.” OOM-9 nodded and opens their comm channel, “Decimate the City. Leave no one alive.”
The entire army of the Trade Federation started to advance.
* * *
Obi-Wan Kenobi stiffened as a dark presence touched his awareness. Vana Sage noticed his sudden reaction and went to his side at once.
“What is it?” she asked him.
“She is here!” Obi-Wan sounded a bit scared.
“Who’s here? Who’s her?” Vana Sage frowned.
“The Lady Sarc Crimos.” Obi-Wan Kenobi answered.
Vana Sage’s eyes widened, “The Dark Jedi who aided the Chommell Patriots?”
“Yes, the Dark Jedi who killed her own master, the same one who slew Master Thambanucc on Jafanara.” Obi-Wan nodded.
“Captain Kael, the droid army has grown ten folds. This city will not withstand such forces.” Nym said after returning from scout duty and counted a rough estimate of the massive invasion force.
“Do not lose hope yet Nym. I dispatched our fastest messenger to Negotta this morning…” Captain Sygnus grinned as they all look up and saw the entire Bravo Squadron coming down from the clouds and started to rain proton torpedoes to the MMTs and AATs on the open plains.
“By the Seven, it may not be enough but thank the Maker they came!” Nym said in mixed relief and amazement.
“Captain Sygnus, I need a small commando team and a friend/foe beacon with a dedicated signal to the Bravo Squadron frequency.” Obi-Wan said.
“We can procure that.” Sygnus nodded enthusiastically.
“We’re in.” Nym, Rhys and Vana chorused.
“You’re forgetting me again Jedi.” Reti muttered.
“No I didn’t. I have a special task for you. I need you to go to Moenia City, Nym said you know a Hutt there with a sizable private security forces. Nym told me you might be able to convince him to help us.” Obi-Wan said.
“You want poor old Reti to go to Borvo the Hutt? He’s a slaver and he will have me slain the moment I set foot on his Moenia residence! He’s a criminal!” Reti protested vehemently.
“Tell him Master Qui-Gon sent you and the Jedi Council is onto him about his slave business.” Obi-Wan said.
“Reti likes the sound of that. Borvo fears the Jedi, I would love to see the fear in his eyes, yes, yes, and Reti will relay your message!” Reti grinned and flew out of the city hall and out of Spinnaker towards Moenia.
The first barrage of the long range cannons of the droid army impacted on the front of the city.
Obi-Wan slung a satchel full of grenades and timed bombs and nodded at his commando.
“Today we will defeat those droids! We will crush them, grind them into tiny pieces and blast them all to oblivion!” Obi-Wan Kenobi shouted and his commando team cheered.
“That was a terrible speech, Obi-Wan.” Vana muttered.
“I’m learning.” Obi-Wan winked at her as he moves out with the rest of their team to carry out their respective tasks.
Before them spreads out the droid invasion army, a swarm of metallic brown skeletal figures marching, blasters firing trailed behind by their AATs, MTTs and other war machines.

Chapter 29: The Outcast of Otoh Gunga

Deep beneath Lake Paonga, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn swam and followed Jar-jar Binks until they came into view of a magnificent underwater city situated at the edge of a vast underwater cliff.
Qui-Gon recently learned a bit of a history about the Gunga City but he has never actually seen it, even on the holos.
The city was comprised of a great number of hydrostatic bubbles that houses and protects its amphibious inhabitants. It has withstood time for the past three thousand years since the great Gungan leader and hero, Boss Gallo, united the seven largest tribes of the two Gungan species, the Otollan and the Ankurans.
Built over an even more ancient city of Spearhead, Otoh Gunga serves as the capital city for all Gungans in Naboo, the counterpart of Theed for the human inhabitants of the planet.
According to his late friend Sifo-Dyas, Otoh Gunga is currently ruled by one Boss Rugor Nass, an Ankuran Gungan. Their species are distinctively different than that of the likes of Jar-jar who was an Otollan, they were leaner but with larger ears than the stocky and small eared Ankuras.
Around them, schools of Scalefishes swam gracefully. Qui-Gon identified them easily from their individual characteristics, the sleek blue-gray Rays, thick rosy Tees, small blue-green Laas, flat-faced Faas, wide striped Mees and the inverted blaster-shaped Sees.
Qui-Gon’s attention wandered back on the beautiful and brightly lit Gunga City. Four hydrostatic field generators are attached in every single bubble. They were regulated by field wave stabilizers on the center of the four generators under each bubble. Counterphase harmonizing struts were connected to the field focusing element, under it where the generators are attached and from above around it like a circular fence were the Utanode assembly braces were rising from base to the near top of the bubble like giant claws. Among the larger bubbles, Kernode assemblies were perched on the top to keep the entire hydrostatic fields from giving in from the undercurrent water pressures.
Inside each bubbles were mirror image field utanode assemblies and counterbalances the structure and stability of the hydrostatic fields, root counterphase array juts out from the center of the habitation floor straight down to the generators and terminating on the sides of back-up generators and the field wave stabilizer.
Jar-jar led Qui-Gon to the portal zone wherein one can pass through it without letting the water get through.
Once inside Qui-Gon pocketed his breather and looked around him in silent admiration.
Inside he saw floating bubbles called atmospheric purifiers that glow from the inside. They served both as filters for breathable air and illumination for the entire city.
Several Gungans milled around on what Jar-jar called the City Bigspace that Boss Rugor Nass had built and serves as a public park and gathering area. It has also become the main entrance to the labyrinthine Otoh Villages throughout the entire City.
Gungan patrols mounted on bipedal kaadus spotted and recognized Jar-jar and began to converge on them. Startled Gungans moved away from the two new arrivals and the first rider to reach them zapped Jar-jar with his electropole.
Jar-jar growled angrily and grabbed the shaft of the electropole and pulled it off from its wielder, the sentry did not let go so when the short-tempered Gungan pulled again harder thus throwing down the mounted Militiagung.
Jar-jar threw the electropole away and landed a series of punches on the fallen guard. More guards came and smashed him in the head with their electropoles.
 Qui-Gon stepped forward and stops the fight and shoves Jar-jar on the other side as an older sentry dropped from his mount and confronted the Jedi and the outcast.
“Captain Roos Tarpals.” Jar-jar spat on the ground in contempt.
“Youssa gotta lotta nerve coming back ussa here Jar-jar! Youssa goen to Boss Nass! Youssa definitely in big trubble dis time!” Tarpals pointed an accusing finger at the other Gungan then nodded at the Jedi.
“Youssa are expected Jedi. Oursa scouts spotted you two uppa there.” Tarpals indicated the surface of the lake. With a final warning glare at Jar-jar he remounted and led them to the High Tower Boardroom where Boss Rugor Nass and his High Council sat on a raised semi-circular dais allowing them to look down on whoever seeks their council, or verdict.
Guards stiffed upon recognizing Jar-jar but did not say anything as Captain Tarpals led Qui-Gon and the rogue Gungan inside.
A female Gungan was on her way to leave when she recognized Jar-jar and her smile turned into a scowl. Stopping before the outcast Binks and suddenly slapped him so hard the former apprentice of the late Gantu tasted and spat blood.
“Youssa never have come back!” and the female Gungan left without even glancing at Qui-Gon who looked quizzically at her then raised an eyebrow at his companion.
Jar-jar winced and rubbed his cheek and saw the Jedi looking at him sternly.
“Major Fassa, she issa niece of Boss Nass.” Jar-jar explained gruffly at the Jedi Master’s questioning look.
Qui-Gon nodded without prodding and the two turn to face the leader of the Gungans.
Boss Rugor Nass is a huge fat Gungan, his Ankuran heritage makes his appearance different from the Ottola. His short fat neck is hidden by his massive flab of cheek and chin, his eyes are sunken instead of protruding and he has heavy and thick spiky eyebrows. He wore a brown robe with Gungan embroidery. On his shoulders were epaulettes of military authority and atop his head lies the Crown of Ruleship with a Mangana aqua jewel at the topmost tip.
A pair of highly distinguished and respected High Council members sat in each of side of the omnipotent leader of the Gungan race.
Jar-jar introduced them in a whisper to Qui-Gon as Rep Been, Rep Quiglee on the left side of Boss Nass and Rep Slarm and Rep Teers on the right side.
“What youssa want outlander?” Boss Nass barked in annoyance upon seeing Jar-jar is with him, and though he gave the pretense of not seeing the outcast, his body language was enough for the Jedi Master to know that there is a deeper personal rift between Boss Nass and Jar-jar.
“There is a great trouble going on in your planet. I am here to ask for your help so we could ride across the core faster than the invasion army and get on Theed to warn the Queen of Naboo.” Qui-Gon explained.
Boss Nass shook his head in disagreement, “Youssa can’t be here. Dis army of maccaneks up there tis not our problem.” Boss Nass shook his head.
“That army is led by a ruthless Dark Jedi. They will destroy everything in their path. We have to warn the Naboo.” Qui-Gon insisted.
“We no like da Naboo!” Boss Nass’ voice boomed in the chamber, “And dey no like the Gungans. The Naboo think dey more smart den us. Dey think dey brains so big…”
“Messa saw da maccaneks, dessa ruthless invaders! Dessa will not spare the Gungans!” Jar-jar stepped forward.
“The maccaneks do not know we exist!” Boss Nass said firmly and the four members of the High Council nodded their agreement with him.
“You and the Naboo forms a symbiot, what happens to one will affect the other. You must understand that.” Qui-Gon crossed his arm.
“We know nutten of youssa outlander and we no care about the Naboo.” Boss Nass said in finality.
“Then speed us on our way.” Qui-Gon slightly waves his hand before the Gungan leader.
“We speed you far away. We give youssa a bongo. Da speedest way tada Naboo is through the planet core. Now go.” Boss Nass suddenly commanded much to the surprise and confusion of the High Council.
A Gungan soldier escorted them to the bongo pen.
“Nice trick Jedi, youssa have just let messa stole a bongo for us, saves us a lotta trubble.” Jar-jar snorted at Qui-Gon.
“And have the Otoh Gunga’s wrath on us? I don’t think so. I assume you can pilot that sub.” Qui-Gon said as they were led inside the bongo pen.
“Messa? Of course yes.” Jar-jar said cockily and went to pick the best and fastest bongo. He pointed at the larger green one with brown paintings.
“Oh no, youssa don’t, Jar-jar! Da Boss Nass owns that!” the guard paled in alarm.
“Your Boss wanted us to borrow it.” Qui-Gon said and the guard nodded at them and left.
Soon enough the pair was on their way to the deeper parts of the depths of Naboo.
* * *
“So what is your story Jar-jar? Surely you weren’t simply outcast by a simple fist fight with Captain Tarpals in the past.” Qui-Gon asked as Jar-jar steered the Gungan sub, or what they call a bongo.
“Roos Tarpals was messa friend since we were ussa child. We were ussa thieves, we ussa work under Gantu Onu Raltos. When Roos has come of age, hissa enlisted wid the Gungan Grand Army, wessa no talk anymore after that. One day Gantu abducted da Boss Nass niece Fassa when wessa joined the Chommell Patriots. Gantu made messa guard on Fassa. She was kind… pretty…” Jar-jar’s bitter and angry tone while speaking about Tarpals suddenly became reminiscent after he mentioned Fassa.
Qui-Gon nodded in understanding, “You helped her escape and brought her back to her uncle. Boss Nass thanked you but still did not trust you. You secretly meet with Fassa, fell in-love but Tarpals discovered your affair and he told the Bosses. She was taken away from you and you confronted Tarpals and fought.”
“How could youssa knows it all, another Jedi mind trick?” Jar-jar growled.
“I saw the images flashing inside my head, whenever you mention the names of Roos Tarpals and Fassa.” Qui-Gon started to say but the Gungan raised his hand to stop him.
“Messa no Jedi powers, messa only have little gift, messa like to call it better instincts.” Jar-jar shook his head the thought of himself having, even the slightest ability to tap the Force.
“I didn’t say you are. I was just informing you that such things do exist in the galaxy, albeit rare. It’s still basically a Force-ability, strong enough to be above the norm but not as strong as those who can actually wield the Force further than those subconscious mental projections from one’s own memory.” Qui-Gon explained.
Jar-jar was about to resume telling his life when the Gungan sub’s alarms sounded and the entire underwater vehicle started to shake violently.
Jar-jar fought for the controls while Qui-Gon finally saw what it was that was causing it, a huge Opee sea killer has just detached itself from its hiding place and struck out its long sticky tongue and caught the rear end of their Gungan sub.
Qui-Gon could barely see the creature in the darkness of the deep ocean so he rummaged on the pile of tools until he found a hand-held search light, he checked the power and lit it and aimed it at the monster.
The Opee sea killer’s multidirectional eyestalks retracted at the sudden blinding glare of the light. Qui-Gon held the beam trained at the creatures’ eyes so he could observe the beast and figure out what to do.
His gaze took notice of the creature’s two long stalk-like lures above its head and an idea came to mind. Reaching out with the Force, Qui-Gon touched the sensitive tip of the lure and gave a squeeze.
The Opee sea killer suddenly released them and went berserk with pain, his tail legs and pectoral fins trashing wildly, his tough body plates slamming hard on both side of the underwater gorge.
The creature’s frantic movements and noise awakened an even larger sea monster.
Qui-Gon watched in utter fascination as a gargantuan fully grown Sando Aqua monster rose from its slumber and grabbed the once seemingly massive Opee with its greater webbed hand and shove the struggling creature onto his maw of a mouth.
The Sando Aqua monster bit the Opee sea killer’s head severing it from its body. Jar-jar then made a quick turn into one of the underwater tunnels to hide from more predators.
“There’s always a bigger fish.” Qui-Gon muttered as he eased himself back on his seat. Jar-jar let out a series of curse and started kicking and punching the controls as their bongo’s engines sputtered and died.
“Relax. We can still fix this…” Qui-Gon said.
“Relax messa Gungan ass! Dessa bongo just lost power and dessa leak on dessa CPCE engines!” Jar-jar snaps back angrily at the Jedi.
“Tell me about the CPCE, I’ll help you fix it, no need to panic.” Qui-Gon countered.
“Messa no panic Jedi! Messa just talk like dessa when messa adrenalin issa pumping…” Jar-jar grunted then calmed himself, although Qui-Gon’s hand was already touching his shoulder sending Force-induced relaxing feelings on the Gungan’s nerves.
“Dessa CPCE engine means Centrifugal pulse conversion electric engine, its dessa yellow dome at oursa bongo’s tail where dessa fins are attached. Youssa cannot fix it from the inside, youssa have to swim outta there!” Jar-jar explained.
“Alright I’ll do it, just tell me what I need to do first.” Qui-Gon took out his A99 Aquata breather and checked its oxygen levels and estimated it still has some half hour’s worth in it.
Jar-jar checked the damage assessment report of the computer on his monitor and detailed to Qui-Gon what he needed to do to get it working long enough for them to finish the final leg of their journey.
Qui-Gon nodded and placed the A99 Aquata breather on his mouth and strapped the utility belt containing the repair tools on his waist and gave the thumbs up sign.
Jar-jar tightened his seat belt and then deactivated the hydrostatic bubbles. Freezing cold waters instantly filled the now exposed interior of their Gungan sub. Qui-Gon uses the Force to counter the pressures of the deep ocean and swim towards the damaged CPCE engine and started to fix it.
Power slowly returned to other systems as Qui-Gon’s repair progresses and Jar-jar quickly activated the bio-sensors the moment it went online. Sure enough the radar picked-up a large fast moving sea creature heading their way coming from ahead of them deeper in the dark tunnels.
Jar-jar looked back and slightly tilted the bongo to get the Jedi’s attention.
Qui-Gon looked at Jar-jar who then turned the navigational lights to full power to illuminate the few dozen meters before them. That was when Qui-Gon spotted the approaching sea creature.
Qui-Gon saw an adult Colo claw fish, its luminescent skin patterns making it visible even in the darkness. Jar-jar unstrapped himself from his harness and took out his portable sonic blaster and started firing at the creature.
Qui-Gon finished the repairs and took out his lightsaber, took a beam regulator and quickly attached it on the ignition tip of his weapon and ignited his lightsaber.
The emerald green blade smoothly thrummed underwater, the beam regulator given to him by Jedi Master Kit Fisto knowing that one he would be in need of such gadget sooner or later.
Qui-Gon propelled himself to the massive sea creature and tapped Jar-jar on the shoulder as he swims past the Gungan.
Jar-jar returned to his seat and strapped himself and provided cover fire for the Jedi.
Confused, the Colo claw fish turn its attention on the advancing small creature. Its primitive mind could not interpret the purpose of his prey for swimming towards him instead of away.
Qui-Gon buried his lightsaber on the creature’s chin and swam away as the creature violently trashed in pain. The Jedi returned to his seat and strapped himself in as Jar-jar closed the hydrostatic bubble on them and punched the drain button.
They then deftly made their way beneath the screaming beast and headed off to the few remaining distance to the surface of Naboo in Theed.
* * *
The Gungan sub finally emerged at the Solleu River startling a few Naboo waterfowls.
Qui-Gon Jinn and Jar-jar Binks saw a platoon of B1 battle droids marching by the riverbank accompanied by several AATs. One of the droid spotted them and the AATs turn their primary laser cannons and fired.
Qui-Gon jumped into the water while Jar-jar ducked on the cockpit. The first barrage exploded on the waters around their sub but at the second volley the bongo was hit and its engines were destroyed. The current of the Solleu took the disabled Gungan sub and its remaining passenger drifting closer and closer to the Virdugo Plunge.
Qui-Gon attempted to use the Force to pull the sub towards him but the AATs kept firing at him. Qui-Gon decided to dive under and swim his way to the other side of the river, where the Theed Hangar lies.
Jar-jar was not idle, he collected all the stacked weapons of Boss Nass in the sub and took what he could sling and strap in his body and before the sub reached the edge of the mighty waterfalls the Gungan jumped into the water and swam against the current.
The droids waited for a few minutes but when not a single person resurfaced from the river the entire platoon resumed their march and headed to the Palace Plaza.
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn made his way under cover through the low thick bushes at the riverbank a few meters from the steep walls of the Theed Hangar. Hidden under the canopy of leaves the Jedi rested and composed himself. He was about to start heading towards the palace when another movement alerted him, clutching at his lightsaber he watched as a Gungan emerged from the waters and scowled at him.
“Youssa are not gonna get rid of messa that easily!” Jar-jar climbed up and started checking his weapons’ condition.
“The invasion army arrived faster than I anticipated. We must hurry if we are to save the Queen in time.” Qui-Gon said as he peered by the wall to see if the coast is clear.
“Go, messa gonna cover youssa.” Jar-jar nodded and the two moved in.

Chapter 30: The Battle of Spinnaker

Obi-Wan Kenobi watched in trepidation as more and more droid army joins the initial attackers of Spinnaker.
He and his commando were on the power trenches of Spinnaker that stretches from the city itself and out into the grassy plains for fifty kilometers to the Spinnaker Power Plant situated on the center of the Witachee Basin.
The trench was ten feet deep and three meters wide covered by metal brackets which in turn were covered with a two feet layer of rocks and three feet layer of soil with grasses that perfectly blended in the entire grass plains.
Above them from all sides, marches the droid invasion army of the Trade Federation.
Nym reached the first maintenance access chute, he double checked his weapons and bombs and gave salute to Obi-Wan and started to climb up. The rest of the commando moved onward until each and every one of them has climbed the following series of maintenance access chutes.
Obi-Wan was the last in the group to climb up so he was expecting to emerge on the rear side of the invasion army but when he got a peek on the outside he was dismayed to see that at the distant horizon the droid army was still pouring out from beyond the hills.
The first set of bombs exploded somewhere far ahead of the advancing droid army and Obi-Wan took that as a cue to swiftly move out of the access hatch and quickly made his way through passing AATs and MTTs.
After a few seconds Obi-Wan decided he was finally in a better position to cause as many damage as possible. He began placing the bombs on the vital areas of the AATs and MTTs, each bomb were set on a ten second delay trigger.
The moment his first bomb detonated, Obi-Wan Kenobi ignited his lightsaber and went on destroying as many battle droids as he can.
The inner ranks of the invasion army broke formation as explosions after another forced the nearby droids and tanks to halt and concentrate on the enemy saboteurs.
A droid starfighter suddenly came crashing down onto the fray and Nym was thrown by the explosion. Vana Sage darted towards the Freeorin to check on him as Rhys Dallows provided cover fire.
Obi-Wan jumped into the converging battle droids and became a swirling blur of argent light and he decimated the throng like a wild Gelgacian tornado.
“Captain Kael says the Dark Jedi have penetrated half of the city… they were being forced to retreat!” Sage shouted as she threw the comlink on Dallows.
Dallows caught it and spoke to the captain, “I’ll tell the Jedi…”
His words were cut off as the Bravo Squadron flew low over them and dropped proton torpedoes on the advancing MMTs and AATs that wasn’t damaged by the bombs of the commando team.
Obi-Wan finally rejoined them and led them back to the access hatch leading back to the power trench below.
Once inside, Obi-Wan asked them about their ammunition.
“We’ve spent all of our bombs and most of us only have half depleted blasters.” Nym said to him.
“Let’s get back to Captain Kael, I’ll handle Crimos, you get your men out of Spinnaker, there’s nothing more we could do here. Go straight to Theed and try to reach Captain Panaka. Have your underground fighters coordinate with whatever Captain Panaka has in mind. My Master might already be there, if you find him, tell him Sarc Crimos is on Spinnaker…” Obi-Wan instructed Dallows.
“Wait, wait… how about you?” Sage asked.
“I have to stall them. I’ll deal with Crimos. Don’t worry. I still have a few tricks up my sleeves. If I don’t make it, well, just continue with your guerilla tactics, it works better that way against armies of this size. No heroics.” Obi-Wan said to Vana Sage.
“No heroics? What do you call what you’re planning to do?” Nym grunted.
“If I don’t stall them none of you will make it to Theed.” Obi-Wan smiled.
“You Jedi are crazy people. I like your style but still crazy for my taste. I am honored to finally meet a Jedi.” Reti shook Obi-Wan’s hands.
“You talk like I’m gonna die or something, I don’t plan to.” Obi-Wan chuckled.
“Whatever.” Reti shrugged.
Vana Sage looked at Obi-Wan as if wanted to say something, shrugged and leaned over and gave him a light kiss on the lips and nodded at the others, “Let’s get moving.”
Obi-Wan watched them go then climb back up to the surface and slashed a passing droid and took its STAP. He then made his way to Spinnaker past startled battle droids and dodging fires from blaster bolts to cannon lasers.
* * *
Captain Hoff Siege checked his armaments and saw he was down with five proton torpedoes. So far they haven’t lost wing but with the swarm of droid starfighters keep arriving, he knew it’ll only be a matter of minutes before they start losing pilots.
Artoo Detoo bleeped loudly and Hoff looked down from his cockpit and saw a human riding a STAP and wielding a lightsaber making his way towards the city.
“He must be the ambassador sent by the Senate. Artoo, do you think you could hail Captain Panaka with our short range communicator?” Siege asked as he flew up as several droid starfighters came blasting towards him.
Artoo beeped and after a few attempts the droid finally reached Panaka.
“Bravo Lead here, I just had a visual with a Jedi down on the battlefield here in the outskirts of Spinnaker.” Siege said.
“Can you confirm that?” Panaka asked.
“Affirmative!” Siege nodded.
“The Queen has ordered us to stand down but I have received word that there are underground units operating there on Spinnaker, can you also confirm that?” Panaka asked.
“During our initial flyby I spotted several people fighting the droid army not wearing Naboo Security Forces uniforms, I would assume that those were the resistance you were referring to.” Siege said.
“Very well then, in case the invasion army reaches here first, take Bravo Squadron to the Jafanara ruins and establish a base there. I’ll send someone there to coordinate and update you. Do not go to Theed, I can’t risk you all captured here. The more men we have outside the better chance we have on fighting these invaders.” Panaka ordered.
“Copy that Captain.” Siege acknowledged.
“Panaka out.”
“Alright Bravo Squadron, listen!” Hoff opened the squadron channel as he vaporizes three more droid starfighters.
“Once you are all out of torpedoes I want you to make a full retreat, lose your tails if there’s any and regroup on Jafanara. Our orders are to hole up there, wait for Captain Panaka’s men to contact us then hook up with the underground resistance group. We need to refuel and rearm so we need those people for the procurement of supplies.” Siege informed them.
“Copy that Bravo Lead!” came the various assents of the other pilots.
* * *
“Captain Kael! Let’s go!” Nym shouted as he and his commando team found the captain pinned down on one of the abandoned buildings.
“Who’s going to hold off this army?” Kael asked.
The Spinnaker Archway before them suddenly collapse, tons of boulders and debris started to rain down on the wide street and began piling up like a wall between them and the droid army led by OOM-9 and the Lady Sarc Crimos.
Captain Kael raised his macrobinoculars and saw Obi-Wan Kenobi leaped in the air and clashed his lightsaber with the pair of green and blue blades of the female Dark Jedi.
“I think that just answered your question.” Dallows said and shouted the retreat order to the rest of the remaining Naboo Security Forces and of the underground resistance.
“Speeders are ready, hurry!” Vana shouted at them.
With one last look at his fallen city, Captain Kael sighed in resignation and ran with the others to their landspeeders.
* * *
Obi-Wan Kenobi finally reached the gates of Spinnaker, or what was left of it and left his STAP and darted to the side alleys away from the flood of battle droids and their tanks.
As he reaches the center of the city, Obi-Wan halted and searched for the tallest building he could see nearby and spotted one some five blocks from him. He looks around and saw droidekas and AATs milling around and halted right where he was supposed to go.
Rolling his eyes in exasperation, the Jedi ran and ignited his lightsaber.
The droidekas saw him and activated their shields and opened fire. Kenobi deflected their bolts with his weapon and when he saw the AATs beginning to swing their cannons on him he rolled onto the buildings and made his way up deciding to take the roofs where there were fewer threats.
Obi-Wan reached the end of the roof he was running and saw there were no longer any buildings between where he stood and to the tallest one some fifty meters from him.
He looked down and saw swarms of the droid army. To his far left he saw the raging battle just on the other side of the Spinnaker Archway. The Lady Sarc Crimos was somewhere there, he could feel her presence.
Obi-Wan ducked as several droid starfighters flew above him firing on the men of Captain Kael. As he turns to look, he saw Bravo Squadron came and fired at the droid starfighters. Obi-Wan suddenly had an idea and turn around and spotted on N1 Starfighter coming in low and dropped proton torpedoes on the throng of battle droids on the open ground before him.
As the ship was about to pass by Obi-Wan nudged the pilot with the Force so he would see him.
Obi-Wan saw the pilot looked out and spotted him and then made a wide arc and return on the other side of the building and hovered slowly.
Obi-Wan waved and pointed at the pilot and then on himself then on the building across the open ground. The pilot repeated the gesture as if confirming it and Obi-Wan nodded. The pilot nodded and flew off as a cannon fire hit the building behind it.
Before it reached him a droid starfighter attack it and the pilot engaged his enemy first before returning to a hover just at the edge of the roof where the Jedi is.
Obi-Wan leaped on the ship and dropped into a crawl and held on the dome of the astromech droid.
Artoo Detoo beeped at Captain Siege and the ship flew to towards the larger building but they were forced to veer away as the tanks below opened fire at them.
Obi-Wan held the droid tightly as the ship awkwardly dodged the cannon fire. Siege was very careful not to drop his Jedi hitchhiker.
The ship finally got close enough for the Jedi to jump off and landed on the roof of the larger building.
Obi-Wan Kenobi raised his hand in thanks as the pilot flew away to engage another group of droid starfighters coming up fast.
Obi-Wan looked out at the raging battle before him and scanned the surrounding, thinking fast how he could help Captain Kael and his men to retreat safely. His eyes rested on the wide and massive Spinnaker Archway that practically marks the center of the two battling forces.
Obi-Wan studied the thick pillars of the Spinnaker Archway and looked around him again. He noticed several AATs firing, closing his eyes, Obi-Wan reached out to the Force and started re-envisioning all the AATs he saw below him and one by one he nudged their cannons to turn and hit the two pillars.
The trick was tasking and it drew a lot of concentration and energy from Obi-Wan but the Jedi steeled himself and focused. When he finally estimated that the pillars were unstable enough, he uses the Force to literally destroy the pillars.
The massive Spinnaker Archway fell and blocked the droid army from the retreating human soldiers.
Obi-Wan dropped on his knees in exhaustion and passed out.
When he opened his eyes he saw a half naked woman standing before him, blue and green lightsaber. He tried to stand up but she Force-shoved him and he fell off the building.
The Lady Sarc Crimos leaped after him and the two dropped by happenstance on a passing droid starfighter. The impact jolted Obi-Wan to full alertness and rolled over the other side and ignited his lightsaber as Crimos menacingly advanced on him.
“Scared, Jedi?” Crimos snarled.
Obi-Wan was too busy to gave a smart retort, he made his way to the tip of the wing then use the Force to tilt the starfighter.
Off-balanced the droid starfighter began to fly lower and lower. Before Crimos could reach Obi-Wan he let go and dropped on the central plaza fountain facing the fallen Spinnaker Archway.
The Lady Crimos leaped and landed a few meters before the Jedi padawan.
Obi-Wan leaped at her and their lightsabers clashed in a shower of sparks. OOM-9 ordered to fire at the Jedi but Crimos shouted back at the droid commander.
“No, you idiot! I’ll handle him, go around the ruins. Get those blasted humans!” Crimos yelled.
“Roger, roger.” OOM-9 nodded and led the droid army through the side alleys.
The Lady Crimos strikes at him fluidly in a flurry of left and right slashes and several other deadly combinations, all aiming to keep him in a defensive stance. Crimos whirled as her pair of blades was always coming down hard and fast on the Jedi from different directions.
Obi-Wan strained at the powerful blows of his opponent. The fact that he was also keeping himself from getting sliced by two blades who seems to be steadily attacking him from both sides made it even harder for him to counter the Lady Crimos.
Around him he could see the entire invasion army rolling past them and into the side alleys and cursed himself for not being able to block those areas as well.
The relentless battering of the former Nightsister drew him back from his straying thoughts.
“Admit it padawan, you are not yet ready to face an enemy of my caliber.” Crimos grinned at him as she pivoted to the left swinging her left blade low towards Obi-Wan’s legs while her other blade came crashing down fast to his shoulders.
Obi-Wan dived away and rolled behind the Dark Jedi, got up and jabbed his lightsaber on her exposed back.
Crimos quickly flung her arms behind over her shoulders and her blades blocked his thrust.
Obi-Wan took the opportunity to Force-shove her, sending the Dark Jedi skidding on the road.
He ran towards her but dozens upon dozens of rocks, droid pierces and various objects that littered the surrounding were suddenly hurled at him through the Force.
Obi-Wan held his ground and deflected the objects.
As the hurtling objects cleared the Lady Crimos appeared in the air with her blades swirling in each of her hands, her outstretched leg landed hard on Obi-Wan’s chest.
The Jedi landed hard on his back and groaned as the black boots of the Lady Crimos stepped on his neck and started to crush it. Obi-Wan struggled but he was pinned down.
Crimos clipped her lightsabers back on her belt as she use the Force to snatch Obi-Wan’s lightsaber from his hands.
Obi-Wan tried to Force-shove her but Crimos also countered it.
The Jedi saw black spots dancing in front of him until he passed out completely.
“You, take this prisoner and put him on the ray shielded capsule.” Crimos ordered at the nearest battle droid.
She then in turn went to an AAT and hitched a ride.
The massive droid army of the Trade Federation led by OOM-9 marched past the deserted and fallen Spinnaker City.
“OOM-9, once you reach Theed and capture the Queen contact the Saak’ak and inform the Viceroy of our victory.” Crimos said on the comm.

Chapter 31: Silent Takeover

Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and the Gungan outcast-turned-guerilla Jar-jar Binks took the narrow side alleys in the governmental compound leading to the Palace Security Dome. The path was clear of battle droids or even security personnel. By the sound of the commotion on the other side of the palace where the plaza was situated, Qui-Gon assumed that OOM-9 has already reached the outer stairs leading up to the main entrance of the Palace itself.
When they got inside the palace walls, Qui-Gon saw familiar faces.
The Lady Sarc Crimos, Viceroy Nute Gunray and Settlement Officer Rune Haako accompanied by several B1 battle droids including their distinctive droid commander OOM-9 stood before Queen Amidala, her Royal Handmaidens, Governor Sio Bibble, the Advisory Council and Captain Panaka.
“What do wessa gonna do now?” Jar-jar asked.
“We must be patient.” Qui-Gon placed a hand on the Gungan then said in a low voice.
“Messa sick and tired of bein’ patience…” Jar-jar grunted and aimed his DL-40 heavy blaster rifle and fired before Qui-Gon Jinn could object.
The bolt hit Rune Haako in the chest throwing the dead Neimoidian down the stairs. The Viceroy ran off as the Lady Crimos ignited her pair of lightsabers and ordered the battle droids to secure the prisoners and take them out to the prison cells of Theed in the outskirts of the Grassy Plains below the plateau.
OOM-9 prodded at Captain Panaka as he and the Queen were shoved and pushed down the stairs past the lifeless corpse of Trade Federation’s Settlement Officer.
Sio Bibble glanced once on the smoking hole on Rune Haako’s chest before he was herded off by the battle droids.
Jar-jar Binks took out a repeater blaster with his free hand and began firing relentlessly on the Dark Jedi until the cartridge was spent and he took out a pair of smaller blaster from each of his leg holsters and continued firing at her.
Qui-Gon Jinn stealthily move away, still hidden, and started to follow the battle droids and their prisoners.
“Stupid Gungan, do you think you even stand a chance against me?” Crimos sneered at her suicidal attacker.
Jar-jar ignored her and kept firing, making sure she stayed as far from him as possible. He knows people like her could kill with their mind alone so he decided to keep her mind off of using the Force against him and make her concentrate instead on blocking his barrage.
Crimos use the Force to snatch the two blasters from the Gungan, but the moment she got the pair of blasters sailing, Jar-jar quickly took out a handful of grenades, clapped his hands to trigger them and threw it at her.
But that wasn’t just what the Gungan did. The pair of blasters he was carrying both have a grenade strapped in it, a string was tied to its pin with its other end on the leg holsters. So when Crimos snatched it off from him the pin was pulled and the blasters exploded before the Dark Jedi just milliseconds ahead of the rest of the grenades thrown at her.
The explosion rocked that side of the palace. Jar-jar was already running away the moment he threw those grenades and didn’t bother to see if the Dark Jedi survived or not. He raced after the battle droids firing.
Jar-jar hit five battle droids from the rear before the others turn to return fire. The Gungan took cover from one of the massive pillars when Qui-Gon Jinn emerged from the front of the group and started hacking off battle droids.
OOM-9 was nowhere in sight, Qui-Gon assumed the droid commander had fled off and escorted the Viceroy away to safety.
More battle droids came from the corridor ahead and Qui-Gon positioned himself in a protective cover in front of the Queen and uses the Force to summon the droids’ blasters from their metal hands.
Qui-Gon Jinn directed the trajectory of the blasters to the prisoners. Captain Panaka, Queen Amidala and the rest of them took the weapons as it sails towards them and open fired at the incoming battle droids.
Weaponless, the droids were easily destroyed.
Qui-Gon nodded at Jar-jar and then bowed to the Queen.
“Your Highness, we meet again. I am the Jedi Ambassador sent by the Supreme Chancellor…” Qui-Gon started to say but the Queen interrupted him.
“Your negotiations seemed to have failed Master Jedi.” Queen Amidala stated.
“The negotiations never took place. Your Highness, we must make contact with the Republic so they could take action against this illegal occupation.” Qui-Gon answered.
“Unfortunately we can’t. They’ve knocked down all of our communications, all three planetary comm sat sites were reported to have been destroyed by the invasion force during their initial planet fall.” Panaka shook his head.
“Do you have available transports?” Qui-Gon asked instead.
“In the main hangar, but our crew are already held captive in the Theed Prison Compound.” Panaka explained.
“Is it close?” Qui-Gon inquired.
“It’s a kilometer east of the Theed Spaceport. Our landspeeders were all taken there as well.” Panaka replied.
“Then we must walk.” Qui-Gon sighed, “Captain, is there a place here where we could hide the Queen while we release your crew and recover those landspeeders?”
“I am capable of defending myself Master Jedi. All of us.” The Queen said.
Qui-Gon looked dubiously at Captain Panaka but the other merely shrugs. “Very well, let’s all go, but you must follow my lead.”
Qui-Gon allowed Panaka t o guide them on the side alleys of Theed and down to the spaceport below the cliffs. Jar-jar took out the larger weapons from his huge duffel bag and armed himself to the teeth and took the rear guard.
* * *
Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes, Captain Hoff Siege and Jedi padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi stared at each other in silence.
They were inside a three cubic meter prison cell in the lowest level of the Theed Prison Compound.
After Obi-Wan were taken prisoner, Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes’ ship took a hit on the wing of his N1 Starfighter and crashed on the fields near Spinnaker.
Captain Hoff Siege ordered the rest of Bravo Squadron to continue their retreat as he and Artoo Detoo turned around and landed the ship near the crash site. He and Artoo went to recover the unconscious pilot and drag him off to safety before the downed ship exploded.
But before they could reach Hoff’s ship they were attacked by a dozen battle droids on STAPs. Hoff and Artoo took Sykes on a ravine and defended their position. Sykes joined the firefight when he regained consciousness but more droids came and this time, with AATs.
Surrounded, outnumbered and outgunned, the two pilots and the astromech droid surrendered and were taken to the Lady Crimos.
When they were taken to the Theed Prison Compound, the droids took Artoo away from them, the astromech was helpless, unable to resist due to the restraining bolt attached in his body.
It was after an hour when Hoff and Gavyn have been joined by another prisoner. The Jedi Obi-Wan was battered and bruised and wasted no time in attempting to escape to no avail.
Somehow, the Lady Crimos has done something in him, or in the prison cell, that prevented him from using the Force.
“What do you think will happen to us now?” Gavyn Sykes asked to no one in particular.
“We have no value to the Trade Federation, we’re just pilots.” Hoff said in resignation looking at the Jedi.
“I may be useful for bait or trap against my master but the Lady Crimos is a Jedi killer. My fate is no better than yours.” Obi-Wan shook his head in frustration.
“Obi-Wan, I can call you Obi-Wan right?” Sykes started to say.
“Sure.” the Jedi nodded.
“What do you think is causing your inability to use the Force? I mean, is it even possible?” Gavyn asked.
“I’m not really sure myself. But there is a lot of lost knowledge out there that was once used by the ancient Sith against the Jedi. It will not be surprising if Crimos discovered one that could do this…” Obi-Wan gestured around him.
“I am not afraid to die, but not like this, not without a fight. It’s this waiting that’s driving me mad!” Sykes rasped.
“They won’t get me without a fight too.” Siege muttered.
The three dozed a little when Obi-Wan were awakened by the noise on the blastdoor. Sykes and Siege woke up as well and braced themselves on each side of the blastdoor while Obi-Wan sat on the wall facing it.
* * *
Artoo Detoo was dumped on a room filled with other astromech droids. They were all fitted with restraining bolts. Artoo looked around him and moaned. He saw some where badly damage and were barely functional anymore. There was a group of black and red R2-B6s chained at each other and were fitted by three restraining bolts each.
Artoo’s photoreceptor stopped at a familiar astromech besides the group of B6s. Artoo squealed in surprise and excitement as he recognized the other.
Artoo Detoo made his way past the jumble of droids towards R2-E3.
E3 explained to him that when the invasion army breached the palace, OOM-9 ordered all droids from maintenance to service to protocols to astromechs and even medical droids be rounded up, secured with restraining bolts and have them all stored in this room.
Artoo then asked who were those chain droids are.
E3 told him that they belong to the Vengeance Squadron.
Artoo tootled an inquiry and E3 patiently answered and told him that all she knew about them was that they were a private army off-world that are dead set on the destruction of the Trade Federation.
Artoo bobbed his frame as a form of a nod and surmised that it was perfectly logical and understandable, even inevitable. The Trade Federation has been striving for a monopoly on the trade routes across the Outer Rim for decades. It is not surprising that they have accumulated a number of enemies along the way.
Artoo and E3 were interrupted by a commotion among the B6s. The other droids in the large room also turn to look at what was going on.
The restraining bolts of the R2-B6s suddenly dropped on the ground and they extracted their electric cutters and worked on removing their chains. Once freed, they scattered across the room and started removing restraining bolts from the other droids. One of them moved towards Artoo and E3 and took out theirs. Then the B6s converged on the blastdoor and started to work their way in cutting through it using their plasma torches.
Artoo rolled his dome at the mixed ingenuity and absurdity of the B6s attempt. Even with that many plasma torches, it would still take them days to melt a hole through that thick metal blastdoor.
Artoo and E3 went to the group of B6s and scanned the blastdoor for power source and located the control panel somewhere on the left side on the other side of the blastdoor.
Artoo looked at the droids watching them curiously and spotted a large D78x ore miner droid. Artoo instructed E3 to fetch the miner droid as he went to speak to one the B6s about his plan.
For the next hour the droids under the leadership of Artoo Detoo worked together to dig through the rocks towards the buried power conduit that was connected to the control panel.
When the miner droid finally reached the conduit, he rolled back to give way for the bipedal droids to dig the rest of the sides of the hole to make room for Artoo Detoo.
Once they got the hole tall and wide enough for an astromech, Artoo Detoo rolled in and started cutting but the insulator was too thick and he move back thinking of another means when one of the B6s took his place and use his more powerful plasma torch.
In seconds he got the power conduit open and Artoo resumed doing his work. Another few seconds and the blastdoor finally slid open.
Artoo and E3 separated from the others and searched for a computer terminal. E3 found one and Artoo plugged in and started searching for Captain Hoff Siege. Outside, they could hear blaster fires as the battle droids discovered the escaping droid prisoners.
Artoo and E3 then headed their way to the lower levels of the prison compound.
* * *
Thick black smokes were billowing up the noon sky from the Theed Prison Compound as Qui-Gon Jinn and the others were making their final approach.
“Look, droids!” Aluva pointed at the distance.
They all turn to see hundreds of various types of droids scattering out of the prison compound like ants. Battle droids were both firing at the escaped droid prisoners and attending to put out the fire.
“Aluva, get the landspeeders, we’re going in for the prisoners.” Captain Panaka said to her.
Aluva and Padmé stayed with Queen Amidala while the rest of the Royal Handmaidens went to the warehouse storing the impounded landspeeders of Theed.
Obi-Wan Kenobi and the two pilots were already running out of the compound when Qui-Gon, Jar-jar and Panaka reached the outer courtyard and saw them.
Artoo and E3 trailed behind with a hundred other Naboo prisoners.
The two groups then went to aid the Royal Handmaidens move the landspeeders out of the warehouse. The Jedi, the Gungan, Panaka and the two pilots provided cover as the rest of them took the landspeeders and prepare to leave.
“Head to the forest before making your way to the Jafanara, Bravo Squadron are there already.” Panaka said to the other security personnel.
Aboard their respective landspeeders, the convoy made their way back up the cliff to Theed and sneaked back into the palace.
* * *
Viceroy Nute Gunray stood alone on the throne room as he contacted Darth Sidious.
The Sith Lord’s hologram appeared before him, “This should be worth my time, Viceroy.”
“The Jedi came and killed Rune Haako and the Gungan with him almost killed the Lady Crimos. She’s back in the Saak’ak for a bacta tank treatment and… I just got word from the Theed Prison Compound, the prisoners have escaped, all of them…” Viceroy blurted out.
“I am beginning to contemplate about your usefulness…” Sidious growled.
“Please milord!” Gunray started to grovel.
“Silence! Things are starting to get out of hand and it seems that you and Crimos is not enough to handle this mundane task of getting my treaty signed. Secure the planet, make sure not a single soul get past in and out of the blockade. As for that troublesome Gungan, send the entire army and decimate their underwater city. Leave no one alive. You are to contact me the moment Crimos regain consciousness or if you manage to capture the Queen once again, whichever goes first.” Darth Sidious severed the connection.
As the holo faded the blastdoor of the throne room slid open and a droid rushed in and addressed the Viceroy.
“Viceroy, the prisoners have penetrated the main hangar, they took the Royal Starship and two N1 Starfighters. They are now heading off planet.” The droid announced.
“This is not good!” Viceroy Nute Gunray staggered back and slumped on the royal throne of Naboo. “I’m dead.” The Neimoidian buried his face on his palms.
* * *
Captain Hoff Siege and Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes along with Artoo Detoo and R2-E3 flew escort to the Royal Starship.
Captain Ric Olié and his crew, freed from the prison compound, flew the Royal Starship out of Theed and headed south.
Guided by Queen Amidala they went straight to the monastery of the Order of the Sanctuary. Upon landing, the Queen ordered everyone to stay inside the ship while she, Captain Panaka, Aluva and the handmaiden Padmé went outside and headed towards the monastery.
It took almost two hours before they returned. Queen Amidala sat on her throne aboard the Royal Starship and regarded her people.
“The Head of the Order of the Sanctuary has helped us to contact new allies against the Trade Federation. The leader of the remnants of the Chommell Patriots has struck a deal for the Naboo. Their private army will attack the blockade to allow us to escape and reach the Republic capital in return they wish to open a trade franchise to us and to the entire Chommell Sector with their new and growing business empire. Their small fleet will be arriving in an hour so we will wait for their call before we head off.” Queen Amidala explained then nodded at Captain Panaka to continue.
“I have also established a contact to Bravo Squadron on Jafanara and to the guerilla forces of Nym. They have agreed to work together in our absence and keep engaging the Trade Federation army in multiple skirmishes. Captain Siege, leave the ship, you and your droid are coming aboard us. Lieutenant Sykes, go to the Jafanara and help Captain Kael and Nym.” Panaka explained.
The group started to get ready and when the new leader of the former Chommell Patriots made contact and has engaged the blockade, the Royal Starship flew off and headed towards space.

Chapter 32: The Flight to the Capital

“Sir, we are reverting to real space in two minutes.” Captain Glovv Desnocres, a Nautolan, announced from the helm of the modified Corellian Corvette Fair Chance.
“Thank you Glovv.” Raltosan Enterprise Chief Executive Officer Clynt Resnon nodded from his High Chair at the center of the command bridge.
After finally making contact with the Queen of Naboo through the help of the Order of the Sanctuary, Clynt was overjoyed at the result of their short negotiations. He just struck a deal that would solve two of their major problems. A firm trade route on the Chommell Sector and a chance to exact their revenge against the Trade Federation.
Since they have learned about the murder of their leaders Movi and Anna, the three major business companies under the former Chommell Patriots have reconvened on Moviana and deliberated what to do with it.
Clynt personally led a team to investigate the death of their founders and with the help of Queen Breha and the hands-on contribution of the newly elected Galactic Senator Bail Prestor Organa they identified one of the two suspected murderers, the Lady Sarc Crimos.
Clynt had met her several times in the past back when he was the head of recruitment for the Chommell Patriots, back when they were still in good terms with the Trade Federation.
Fate had just made its most twisted play on them. The former Chommell Patriots are now in league with the Naboo and a sworn enemy of the Trade Federation, and to think that only barely four months ago they were serving the Neimoidians and wrecking havoc on the Naboo.
“Shields to maximum, charge all turbolaser batteries, prepare launch bays for full deployment. You all have your targets, let’s bring in the rain.” Clynt ordered.
Captain Desnocres nodded and relayed the orders to the rest of their sizeable fleet.
They call themselves the Moviana Patriots, in honor to their two founding leaders the late Movi Yelf and Anna Yelf who was at one point were known as Alle Vomm and Sheeana Fley of the Chommell Patriots.
* * *
Viceroy Nute Gunray stood on the doorway of the medical wing of the Saak’ak watching the medical droids drain the bacta tank and assisted the naked Lady Sarc Crimos.
The Neimoidian winced in repugnance at the smooth pale white human skin of the Dark Jedi. Her curving body heaved as the coldness of the room touches her exposed skin. Gunray has never seen such a repulsive bipedal, the lack of leathery greenish hide and shinny and oily body moist was just too much for him to take. Humans were such disgusting creatures, utterly ugly and pathetic.
The droids draped her in a robe and made her lay on a bed at the side.
When she slowly opened her heterochromic eyes, the Viceroy took a deep breath and approached her.
“Lord Sidious will be making contact in ten minutes. Prepare your excuses for failing to keep the Queen from the clutches of the Jedi.” Gunray admonished.
“You fled while I fought, Neimoidian. Let that be very clear.” Crimos snapped back.
“We shall see…” Gunray snorted and as he started to leave, alarm klaxons sounded across the bridge and corridors of the Saak’ak.
The Trade Federation Viceroy took his comlink and called the new captain who replaced the late Daultay Dofine.
“What is going on?” Gunray demanded.
“Viceroy, a small fleet emerged from hyperspace and started attacking our battleships. They are hailing you!” Captain Feul Atane exclaimed in panic.
“Speak to them, I will be there shortly.” Viceroy Gunray left the medical wing in a hurry.
The Lady Crimos ordered a droid to bring her clothes to the command bridge. Despite the protestations of the medical droids that she should still have to rest, the Dark Jedi went to follow the Viceroy.
* * *
“I do not wish you to think that we are of no manners. I am Clynt Resnon, Chief Executive Officer of the Raltosan Enterprise and recently unanimously voted as the Commanding Officer of the Moviana Patriots. We are here to exact our revenge against you for murdering our founding leaders. We are questing that you just roll over and die like a good grub that you are and save us the trouble of spending ammunitions and risking valuable sentient lives.” Clynt said cheerfully.
“Insolent fool, you dare threaten the mighty Trade Federation?” Viceroy Nute Gunray shouted in anger.
“Ah the grub can speak. That is fortunate! Can the grub also think?” Clynt exclaimed with mirth, his manner was further annoying the Viceroy.
“I do not have time for this. Launch all droid starfighters and concentrate all quad turbolasers on their ships! I want them destroyed!” Gunray ordered.
“He can think after all, albeit in a limiting way only.” Clynt laughed.
The Lady Crimos stepped into the projection field and her presence surprised Clynt.
“Hello Clynt, still the clown that you are. I never would have thought you’d have the brains to head such a business corporation… in fact, I am also surprise to see you got the balls to attack us in the first place.” Crimos purred like a seductive feline.
“Ah, your charms, if one can actually call that charm, won’t work on me, you filthy illiterate witch. Why don’t you return that lightsaber you loaned on Nar Shaddaa and return from digging dirt and getting pregnant by slaves and leave such matter beyond you to those who are actually capable of it?” Clynt shot back.
“Why do I even bother talking to you?” Crimos smiled and winked at him.
Clynt felt something constricting inside his throat and the air begin to be cut off from his lungs.
Crimos released her grip and raised her eyebrow and waited for him to say something.
“Now that is where you are wrong, witch. I am not afraid to die at all. There are many able men and women that will take my place should I perish here. What I think you should start thinking is what will your precious master would do to you if he finds out that the Queen of Naboo has been long gone and got past under your big pointy nose?” Clynt laughed and closed the comm.
Crimos whirled and Force-gripped the Viceroy in his collars and lifted him up in the air.
“What is he talking about? Where is Queen Amidala?” Crimos growled like an enraged rancor.
“I do not know… she got into her starship and flew south… we lost track of her…” Gunray choked and dropped hard on the metal pavement.
“This fleet is a diversion! Find the Queen!” Crimos screamed in rage.
“Atane, get those battleships back on their positions! Tighten the blockade and tell every captain to dispatch all of their droid starfighters! I want the entire planet sealed!” Gunray shouted.
* * *
“Shields up! We are entering the hot zone!” Captain Ric Olié announced.
Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Jar-jar Binks stood besides Captain Panaka and Captain Siege Hoff by the cockpit and watch through the transparisteel viewport as the clouds parted to give way to the blackness of space.
“Hail the Fair Chance.” Panaka said.
After a few seconds the image of Clynt Resnon appeared on their monitor, it was also shown simultaneously inside the throne room so the Queen could see what is happening.
“I just spooked them. They have dispatched all of the droid starfighters from all battleships across the blockade. Your side of the outer space would be a bit crowded for a while.” Clynt said the moment the connection was established.
“We are ready for your shell game Clynt.” Panaka said.
“Very good! Let’s get the show started then!” Clynt beamed a smile.
“Looks like a happy man.” Obi-Wan commented.
“Considering the last time I saw him in person he was aiming a blaster rifle at my head and killed two of my Security Officers, yes, the man has sense of humor.” Panaka snorted.
“Youssa no trust him then?” Jar-jar looked at him.
“The same way I don’t trust you.” Panaka held his gaze and as Jar-jar started to move towards him, Panaka finished his sentence, “But you and Clynt share the same enemy as we do so we have to make room for trust, no matter how small.”
“Messa should break youssa big nose, but messa can accept that.” Jar-jar nodded and crossed his arms as they all waited to see what Clynt has in mind for his so called shell game.
Suddenly one of the Corellian corvettes moved in and allowed itself to get hit by the Saak’ak’s turbolaser fire. The ship started to dip and began its plunge to the planet.
“What on the…” Ric Olié gasped.
“Now how ussa that gonna cover oussa escape?” Jar-jar grunted.
“I have no idea, but let’s just watch and see for ourselves.” Qui-Gon said, his mind figuring out what kind of tactic Clynt was planning to do to confuse the Trade Federation.
Nothing seemed to happen and the falling corvette was already burning through the atmosphere to their left.
“Clynt, I don’t think…” Panaka started to say but Obi-Wan exclaimed and pointed at the corvette’s hangar bay.
“Master, look!” Obi-Wan said in excitement.
A number of Nubian Royal Starships like their own ship began pouring out of the crashing corvette. Panaka counted and counted and when the numbers seemed impossible to fit in the corvettes hangar he turned a bewildered and confused look at the others.
Qui-Gon closed his eyes and smiled.
“The corvette is a hollow ship with minimal shielding, steerage and propulsion engines. I also don’t sense any living beings aboard, as well on those starships.” Qui-Gon said.
“Droids!” Obi-Wan exclaimed.
Clynt’s image reappeared chuckling, “My Vengeance Squadron will clear a path for you. Those Nubian starships are fortified with powerful shields and enough firepower to keep the droid starfighters busy. Let’s just say that one of the biggest shareholders of Nubian shipyards owes me big time and I decided to collect that debt, with the help of course of your Theed Palace Space Engineering Corps. But be quick, the Lady Crimos is aboard the Saak’ak and she will not be fooled by this trick.” Clynt said to them.
“I trust you can keep these Neimoidians busy while we’re gone.” Panaka commented.
“We’re businessmen, we know how to stall!” Clynt said.
“Captain, the Vengeance Squadron is dead ahead.” one of the crew announced.
“We’re going in.” Captain Olié said and flew their starship to where a squadron of heavily modified Z-95 Headhunters was making an opening for their starship.
Halfway through the run Captain Olié detected the Saak’ak was slowly turning to bear their firepower on them.
“Hang on! This is going to be rough!” Olié warned them.
Massive turbolasers lanced out at them and it took all of Ric Olié’s flying skills to avoid those deadly beams of death.
Suddenly from both sides, above and below them, four Nubian Royal Starships came flying and paralleling them. The ships started to turn and switch places and Olié took the hint and joined the mixing of their positions during which they were also avoiding the barrage. After several seconds they all pulled away from each other and the Saak’ak started to fire randomly on every direction.
“It worked!” Panaka exclaimed.
Jar-jar took a seat and strapped himself tight, “Messa no like spaceflight!”
“Just a few more clicks to clear the gravitational well and we’re all set!” Olié muttered as he increased their speed and slowly began to move out from the space battle.
They were one click away from their exit vector when several droid starfighters managed to break through the cordon of the Vengeance Squadron and started to fire on them.
The barrage crippled their shields as two pierced them and hit the starboard deflector shield generator and the hyperdrive conduits on the starship’s belly.
Two flights from Vengeance followed them and engaged the droid starfighters. Artoo Detoo and the other astromech droids climb up the droid lift tube hatch. The astromechs activated their magnetic pads they began to roll down towards the burnt starboard deflector shield generator.
Stray blasts started destroying the astromechs and Artoo hurried to get his job done. R2-A9 was now the only droid left with him and the two frantically worked in tandem to rewire the burnt circuits from the generator and tap power to the other circuits.
Anine got the initial power started to flow and it was left to Artoo to complete the circuit. Artoo beeped to Anine to go ahead. Hesitant to leave his last companion, Anine finally obeyed and started to roll back to the lift tube.
As Anine was about to get inside another stray bolt came and hit him in the left leg. The leg shattered and the droid careened out of the ship and floated in space. The same starfighter swooped above the starship and finished off the doomed astromech.
Artoo saw the droid starfighter blasted his companion and started to make a wide turn to finish him off. Artoo fused the last three wires to the sensor array power line and carefully realigned the wiring to avoid another short circuit.
The power generator went on line and the shimmering semi-transparent blue static shield finally appeared throughout the surface of the Royal Starship. Artoo hurriedly made his way back to the shoot as the droid starfighter primed its cannons to open fire. Artoo got inside and the laser bolt bounced harmlessly from the ship’s shield.
“The shields are up! That little droid did it! Way the go Artoo!” Captain Ric Olié exclaimed in triumph.
“The hyperdrive is badly burnt, we can’t make a long jump, it will overload the circuits and we’ll explode during transit. We can’t risk it.” the co-pilot said gravely.
“Check the star charts. We’ll have to land somewhere to make repairs to the ship. What’s out there?” Qui-Gon Jinn said as Obi-Wan leaned over the co-pilot.
“Here, Master,” Obi-Wan pointed at the star charts, “Tatooine, it’s small, poor and out of the way. It attracts little attention and the Trade Federation has no presence there.”
“How can you be sure?” Panaka asked doubtfully.
“It’s controlled by the Hutts.” Qui-Gon answered.
“The Hutts!” Panaka gasped.
“It’s risky, I know, but we don’t have much of a choice, any farther and we risk either getting blown internally or getting caught.” Obi-Wan justified his decision.
“You can’t take the Royal Highness in there! The Hutts are gangsters and slavers. If they discovered who she was…” Panaka shook his head.
“It would be no different if we landed on a planet in a system controlled by the Trade Federation, except the Hutts aren’t looking for her, which gives us an advantage.” Qui-Gon explained.
“Plus messa have friends there. Messa also knows several people Nym, Sage and Reti knows.” Jar-jar added.
“See?” Obi-Wan grinned at Panaka.
The Captain of the Queen looked the three of them in turn and shook his head as if they were all crazy and let out a long deep sigh of resignation and nodded.
Obi-Wan’s grin grew wider and tapped the shoulder of Captain Olié.
“Set a course to Tatooine.” Panaka finally said.
The Royal Starship of the Queen of Naboo jumped into hyperspace leaving the ragtag fleet of Clynt Resnon and the Trade Federation in a locked battle.

Chapter 33: Desert Heat

Aurra Sing fiddled with one of the lightsabers she got from her Jedi victims on Cato Neimoidia and stopped as Jango Fett and Cradossk arrived and parked their swoop beside hers.
The hybrid bounty huntress regarded the so called survivor of the Galidraan massacre with a mixture of curiosity and distrust. Although they share the same abhorrence against the Jedi as a whole, she felt dubious about the stories she hears about him having killed six Jedi with his bare hands during the Jedi Raid against the Mandalorians.
Cradossk, the old Trandoshan bounty hunter leaned at her side and whispered, “Who’s the kid?”
Aurra Sing looked at where Cradossk was pointing and saw a little human boy talking to a Toydarian. A Hutt in a hoversled eased her way towards them.
“Looks like Gardulla found herself a new pod racer. The boy doesn’t look much though, but given that he’s human, that should say a lot.” Aurra Sing said.
“You got to give him credit. He’s the only human who can race the pod in this rock.” Jango said from behind her.
“What did I just said?” Aurra frowned.
“Enough of that, we’re not here to watch them, this side please.” Cradossk growled cocking his head on the other side of the canyon.
“You started it.” Aurra glared at the Trandoshan and raised her macrobinoculars to look at the outskirts of Mos Espa.
“This should better be worth my time. I still have business elsewhere.” Jango muttered as he placed his helmet back on his head and scanned the horizon.
“Then be elsewhere.” Aurra glared at the dark visor.
Jango Fett seemed to appear more threatening and loomed before her without moving but the hybrid wasn’t fazed at all and met that unseen gaze with her own defiant orbs.
Cradossk snorted at the two and placed his hand over his eyes to cover the glare of the sun and look ahead, he doesn’t need the macrobinoculars and the built-in zoom-in viewfinder in Fett’s helmet. His keen reptilian eyes are still exceptional despite his age.
Ahead of them in the far distance were the largest herds of Banthas he had ever seen gathering in one place.
“Must be the season.” Jango commented, turning away from Aurra Sing to look across the desert.
“Are you sure the Queen will be there?” Cradossk asked.
“The Viceroy’s spy informed him they’re headed off here to make repairs. Mos Espa is the only inhabited region on the side of Tatooine facing the exit vector of any ship coming from the Chommell Sector. This is the only logical place to await them.” Aurra Sing explained.
“I must warn you though that there are two Jedi aboard that starship. There are also those Royal Handmaidens, they may not look much other than just a pretty face but they are formidable fighters or so I’ve heard. There’s also a Gungan there that from what I’ve heard in the Saak’ak’s comm traffic, nearly killed a Dark Jedi, some former agent of the Chommell Patriots.” Aurra Sing added.
“Two Jedi huh? I’m always up for such task.” Jango commented.
“There!” Cradossk pointed a sharp claw on the sky.
Aurra Sing and Jango Fett look up and spotted the gleaming silver chromed starship landing on the outskirts a few hundred meters away to the east from the massive herds of Banthas.
“Remember, we need the Queen alive and unharmed. The rest are expendables. No disintegrations.” Aurra Sing said as she readied her long projectile rifle.
Cradossk and Jango Fett nodded as they prepare their weapons.
* * *
Viceroy Nute Gunray was pressuring his crew to track the escaped Royal Starship when the holo went active and Darth Sidious’ image appeared before them.
The Lady Sarc Crimos stood before the image of the Sith Lord as the Viceroy hurried to stand beside her.
“Why can’t I reach you Viceroy? Are you avoiding me?” Sidious snarled.
“We were jammed Lord Sidious, we just got the comm up and running again. We are attacked by a small fleet. They were remnants of the Chommell Patriots.” Gunray explained fearfully.
“We are still being attacked.” Crimos muttered.
“What about the Queen? Has she signed my treaty?” Sidious demanded.
“There is a slight delay…” Gunray stammered.
“They escaped.” Crimos said flatly.
“Viceroy, find her! I want that treaty signed!” Lord Sidious growled.
Gunray cowered in terror, “My lord, we have been unable to locate the ship she’s on. We tried to give chase but they were out of our range!”
“Not for a Sith. Viceroy, I am sending you my apprentice Darth Maul. He will find your lost ship.” Darth Sidious said menacingly as another hooded figure emerged standing behind the seated Dark Lord of the Sith.
“Yes, milord.” Viceroy Nute Gunray bowed as the two Sith Lords’ images faded.
“This is getting out of hand.” Gunray muttered to himself and added, “I should never have made this bargain.”
“It’s too late for that.” Crimos smiled and left the bridge.
“Where are you going?” Gunray called her.
“I’m taking my ship for a ride, do some hunting.” Crimos said as she closed the blastdoor behind her.
* * *
Darth Sidious and his apprentice Darth Maul went out of his office to the veranda overlooking the bustling night time of Coruscant.
Darth Maul leaned on the railing with his Master, and spoke, “Tatooine is sparsely populated. The Hutts rules there and the Republic have no presence in that backwater world. If the spy speaks the truth, Master, I will find them quickly and without hindrance.”
Darth Sidious slowly turn his hooded face on the Zabrak Sith. “I know, given how you manage to obtain the items I ordered you to acquire and how you’ve dealt with that traitorous mongrel Hath Monchar. Move against the Jedi first. You will then have no difficulty taking the Queen back to Naboo, where she will sign the treaty.”
A surge of exultation came into the younger Sith, “At last we will reveal ourselves to the Jedi. At last, we will have revenge.”
“You have been well trained my young apprentice. The Jedi will be no match for you. It is too late for them to stop us now. Everything is going as planned. The Republic will soon be in my control.” Darth Sidious rasped.
Darth Maul bowed and headed off for his ship.
* * *
“Viceroy, we have located the Queen. She’s here on Tatooine.” Aurra Sing said on the portable holopad.
“This information would have been useful earlier. Our employer has already sent someone to hunt down the Queen.” Viceroy Nute Gunray muttered.
“It’s not my fault, I’ve been hailing you for an hour now and I can’t get a decent connection with any of your lines.” the Jedi turned bounty hunter rasped.
“Can you get the Queen before the Sith gets there?” Gunray asked.
“This should be easy. Yes, we can.” Aurra Sing nodded.
“Very well, bring the Queen to me the moment you get her. Your one million credits are waiting for you here.” Gunray said.
“It’d better be.” Aurra Sing warned him and ended the call.
“The hatch is opening. I see three figures coming out. Two Jedi and one… I’m not familiar with the species…” Cradossk hissed.
“Gungan.” Jango Fett supplied.
“The Gungan is on a speederbike… there he goes, he went straight over that dune.” Cradossk said.
“There’s nothing out there for days.” Aurra Sing frowned.
“The Jedi are heading this direction.” Jango warned them.
“I can’t see them!” Aurra Sing complained as the herds of Banthas blocked their view of the two approaching Jedi.
“Blast it!” Cradossk snarled in anger.
“The Gungan, where is he?” Jango moved down the dune and went to his swoop.
“What are you doing?” Aurra snapped.
“I’m going after the Gungan. I don’t like the look of this.” Jango said and took the swoop towards the other end of the herds to make a turn to the dune where the Gungan has gone.
“Good, let him be, I’ll take his share.” Cradossk grunted shaking his head.
“Shut up and find those Jedi.” Aurra Sing strained in her macrobinoculars trying to spot the two brown robed Jedi among the billowing dusts and seemingly endless parade of wild Banthas.
Cradossk stood erect and sniffed the air, there was no wind blowing in the scorching hot midday and the Trandoshan could hardly get a whiff of the hundreds of Banthas trudging below the canyon.
“Something is not right here, perhaps the Mandalorian is correct.” Cradossk admitted.
Aurra Sing was about to say something when they both saw the Royal Starship took off and headed towards the Dune Sea.
“They must have seen us!” Aurra Sing kicked the sands in frustration. Cradossk ran towards his swoop and started to head back to Mos Espa.
“Where are you going?” the former Jedi asked.
“To my ship, I can’t catch that starship with a swoop right?” Cradossk hissed and drove off.
“Great. Just great, everything falls apart when it is the last thing we need.” Aurra Sing started down the canyon to her own swoop when she felt a presence behind her.
“It’s called irony.” Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn said. His lightsaber already lit.
“Aurra Sing, of all places, why do we end up meeting here?” Obi-Wan Kenobi suddenly spoke from below her, his lightsaber held in a battle stance.
“Nice trick. I should have known you two were up to something the moment you head off towards those Banthas.” Aurra Sing grunted and dropped her long projectile rifle and took out and ignited her lightsaber and the one from the Bith Jedi.
“I know that weapon. So, it was you who killed Master Nug and his apprentice...” Qui-Gon nodded at the wooden lightsaber hilt.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Aurra Sing growled and leaped from the slope and somersaulted over her swoop and the padawan landing a few meters from Obi-Wan.
Qui-Gon jumped after her as Obi-Wan rushed at her with his lightsaber swinging.
Obi-Wan and Aurra’s blade clashed but the bounty huntress kicked him in the chest as Qui-Gon landed and swings low at her feet. Aurra jumped and twisted her body in mid-air to land both boots on the older Jedi’s face.
Qui-Gon fell on the dirt when Obi-Wan came at her with blurring speed. The two let out a series of alternating high, low, left, right and feint blows, slice, slash and swings at each other. Their red and blue blades thrumming with power and sparkling with every jarring impact against each other created a faint haze of purple glow between the two combatants.
Qui-Gon got up and joined to assist his padawan and the three battled across the desert valley.
* * *
Jang Fett halted his swoop after he got around from the Bantha herds and over the dune rise. He took out his pair of WESTAR-34 blaster pistols and activated his bioscanner.
The desert was undisturbed by anything recent and he knew the Gungan could not have flown high with his swoop without disturbing the sands. He surmised that the Gungan have hidden the swoop nearby and out of their view and hid or continued on foot onwards through the Banthas unseen.
Jango’s bioscanner detected a huge presence before him but before Jango Fett could even react accordingly, Jar-jar Binks bursts out of the sand and fired a large electrified net at the new bounty hunter.
Jango tried to break free from the electrified net using his wristband blades but the Gungan fire a stun bolt on his neck at point blank three times until the beam got through the neck cover. Jango went limp and Jar-jar removed the net and started taking out all of his weapons.
The Gungan collected the weapons and placed it on his duffel bag and fired the stun gun twice at Jango Fett for good measure before heading back to where he buried his speederbike.
As Jar-jar drove towards the canyon, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan were already narrowing Aurra Sing’s exit as the two Jedi tirelessly hammered her with their superior lightsaber and fighting skills.
Desperate to get away from the two greater opponents, Aurra Sing took something from her belt and detonated it.
A blinding flash of light temporarily blinded Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan. When their eyes finally started to discern shapes again, Aurra Sing was already in her swoop heading back to Mos Espa.
Jar-jar reached the two Jedi. Qui-Gon took out his comlink and called Captain Panaka, “Meet us here on the canyon.”
Obi-Wan picked up the macrobinoculars on the rocks and lifted it to view the distant Mos Espa.
“Can we trust this junk dealer, Jar-jar?” Obi-Wan asked.
“Messa do not trust Watto but Reti told ussa that Watto definitely has that hyperdrive youssa need.” Jar-jar shook his head.
“Go ahead of us and contact that Watto junk dealer, strike a bargain. We’ll wait for Captain Olié to return with his ship and get the Queen into safety.” Qui-Gon instructed.
“It’s youssa call. Just let messa know once youssa already near the Mos Espa.
A ship flew past above them. Its powerful engines sending echoes throughout the canyon walls, Qui-Gon recognized it as the Pelt Price, the private ship of the leader of the bounty hunters guild, Cradossk.
“Captain, you’re going to have company, a small private fighter ship owned by bounty hunter Cradossk.” Qui-Gon clicked the comlink to warn the captain and crew of the Royal Starship.
“Cradossk, the Trandoshan? The leader of the Bounty Hunters Guild?” Panaka gasped as the Jedi nodded in confirmation.
Captain Panaka, Queen Amidala, Captain Siege, Artoo Detoo and the Royal Handmaidens finally reached the canyon and rejoined the Jedi.
“Your Highness, once Captain Olié returns, I would like you to stay inside the starship. Captains Olié, Panaka and Siege will stay with you along with your handmaidens and my padawan here. Jar-jar and I will acquire the necessary parts for your hyperdrive so we could all get away from this planet as soon as possible.” Qui-Gon slowly explains it to them
Queen Amidala nodded and step back as Captain Panaka and the Royal Handmaidens converged on the Queen and they whispered. The Jedi Master had already gone outside the Royal Starship.
Panaka then approached Qui-Gon down by the ramp with an astromech and a Royal Handmaiden.
“The Queen is curious about this planet and she wishes’ that her handmaiden Padmé and astromech droid Artoo Detoo to come with you.
“No more commands from Her Highness today, Captain.” Qui-Gon shook his head adamantly.
Padmé and Panaka looked at each other briefly before the Commanding Officer of the Chief Security Forces of the Queen tried to convince the older Jedi.
“Padmé is a trained fighter both in weapons and hand-to-hand combat. She could protect herself. As for Artoo… he’ll definitely be handy.” Panaka smiled.
“Alright she may come, but I do not like the idea of this. Stay close to me.” Qui-Gon finally agreed.

Chapter 34: A Person named Anakin

Anakin Skywalker is a slave like his mother and like thousands of others living in Tatooine from Mos Eisley to Mos Espa under the rule of Hutts. Tatooine is one of the harshest worlds to live in, much more to grow up.
When his mother Shmi Skywalker first came to Tatooine, Anakin was but a toddler. Under the ownership of Gardulla the Hutt, Shmi strove to stay in favor of the Hutt’s eyes, always too careful in everything she was tasked to do. She also patiently taught and disciplined her son to grow up obedient to their masters, lest they both suffer their cruel and most of the time, fatal punishments.
Being a slave under the Hutts made them stronger in spirit than any other free people. Shmi did her best to be the mother that she is to her only son. Oh how she longs for the day that her little Annie would be free from the shackles of this dangerous life he doesn’t deserve.
If only there was an easy way out. They could not escape because she’d seen new slaves foolish enough to make the attempt only to perish. She could not buy their freedom, the Hutts charges astronomical prices to slaves wanting to buy their freedom. It would take them their lifetime to earn such price, therefore making their freedom useless. But then again, her current master is not a Hutt so perhaps Watto would not charged that high a price for their freedom. Shmi sighed, that much she knows are still wishful thinking.
Shmi stood at the top of the Slaves’ Row, a residential area for the slaves on Mos Espa, and was cleaning one of the translation circuits her son scavenged from the junkshop for his little pet project… a disassembled protocol droid that Annie found on the side alleys of Mos Espa.
She saw the rickshaw droid came and stop by at the junkshop and dropped off Watto, her master, and Annie. Watto spoke shortly at the boy and then little Annie made the short walk towards the Slaves’ Row.
As Annie approaches, Shmi saw the scowl on her son’s face and knew something had gone wrong in their trip to their former master Gardulla.
“Annie what’s wrong?” Shmi asked as soon as Annie was within earshot.
“She didn’t give us the loan for the repairs of the pod racer and she doesn’t want to sponsor me for the Boonta Eve.” Annie cried.
“Oh dear, you know I only let you race because Watto insists that you do and that I know you love it. Maybe it’s for the better…” Shmi said as Annie rushed up the stairs and embraced her and started to sob.
“No mom, there has to be a way. They said the price money for this year’s race is the highest yet because the desalijic clan would be arriving and bringing in their ace pod racers. The grand price would be enough to buy both of our freedom.” Annie said as he continues to cry.
Shmi closed her eyes.
Enough to buy both of our freedom… 
“Annie, if the stakes are that high then the race would absolutely be extremely dangerous. Those Hutts would scheme against each others’ bets for their own racer to win. There will be killings and I can’t let you participate in such race. It is dangerous enough as it is.” Shmi said to him.
“It’s our freedom mom, it is worth the risk.” Anakin let go and look at his mother in the eyes.
Shmi locked gazes with her little boy and saw in his orbs a sheer determination. Taking a deep breath of resignation she finally nodded at him.
“Here’s the translation circuits, I’ve cleaned it, try it on your droid. I know this one moisture farmer from Anchorhead who always comes by the junkshop… I’ll see if I could get him to give me a sideline, the moisture harvest is tomorrow, perhaps he might need a hand on the harvesting…” Shmi said.
“You mean that mister Cliegg Lars?” Annie asked.
“Yes. He and his friend Mr. Huff Darklighter might be able to help us.” Shmi nodded.
Anakin’s eyes grew wide in surprise. “Huff Darklighter? He’s that teenager that everybody was talking about that was the heir to the largest moisture farm on Tatooine!”
“That’s him alright.” Shmi smiled.
“Annie!” another young boy came trudging down the Slaves’ Row.
“Kitster!” Anakin beamed at his best friend.
“Watto said you go back in the shop and fix those set of newly arrived protocol droids…” Kitster said, the moment Annie heard the word protocol droids he kissed his mom and hurried down the stairs past his best friend towards the junkshop.
“Kitster, put this on Threepio will you? I’ll see you after work!” Annie threw the translator circuit at him and the other slave boy caught it.
Shmi walked down the stairs and stood beside Kitster as they watch Anakin run out of Slaves’ Row. When her son was out of sight she turns to regard Kitster.
“Are you free for the day?” Shmi asked him.
“Yes ma’am.” Kitster bowed slightly, imitating an off-worlder he saw earlier.
“Would you like to accompany me to the Darklighter Depot?” Shmi asked.
“Sure! I always wanted to go there!” Kitster beamed in excitement.
“Wait here; I’ll lock the house first.” Shmi said and went inside.
* * *
Padmé watched in silent awe and wonder at the bustling town of Mos Espa as she tried to keep up with the Gungan and the Jedi who seemed to walk like they know the place well like natives. Artoo Detoo deliberately slowed down so he could accompany the real Queen of Naboo.
Jar-jar halted before one of the similarly built adobe building and spoke to the Jedi.
“Messa, goin’ there first. Youssa wait here.” Jar-jar said to Qui-Gon Jinn and went inside the shop.
A young human boy with sandy hair and bright blue eyes were sitting by the side of the counter and making some repairs on three protocol droids of different make and models. The boy looked up as the Gungan entered. The boy frowned a bit for not being able to recognize his species and addressed him in Huttese.
“Achuta! Chut-chut Outmian, dobra Anakin Skywalker, chowbasa tah Watto’s pankpa pachee chone junkie.” The boy said to him.
Jar-jar understood little Huttese but he answered in basic, “Messa Jar-jar Binks, messa friend of Reti the Toydarian. Messa been said messa could find Watto here.”
“My master is at the back by the thrusters’ storage section.” Anakin cocked his head on the back door and nodded at him to go.
“Messa have company, can they ussa wait here?” Jar-jar asked the boy who nodded as he resumes finishing his work. Jar-jar called out to someone from the outside then went to the back of the shop.
A tall bearded man with long hair wearing a typical desert poncho entered followed by a gleaming brand new astromechanic droid accompanied by the most beautiful female human the boy has ever seen in his life.
Anakin dropped his wrench and it clanged loudly on the scattered droid parts around him. He stood up and greeted them as he greeted the first one but this time in basic.
“Hello! Greetings Outlanders, I am Anakin Skywalker, Welcome to Watto’s Spaceship Parts and Scrapmetals.”
“Hello.” Qui-Gon smiled at him then crouched before him and casually looked at the protocol droids he was fixing. “Is Watto here? May I speak with him?”
“Sure, he’s at the back where your friend went.” Anakin shrugged.
“Thank you.” Qui-Gon stood and turns to face the female, “Stay here, don’t wander off and don’t touch anything. Droid, come with me” Qui-Gon said and went out to the backdoor.
Padmé looked around the shop and her gaze landed on the boy staring back at him with mild curiosity.
“Are you an angel?” Anakin found himself asking her.
“What?” Padmé was momentarily baffled.
“An angel, they live in the moons of Iego, I think. They are the most beautiful creatures in the universe.” Anakin explained.
“You’re a funny little boy, how do you know so much?” Padmé smiled.
“I heard the deep space pilots talk about them. I’m a pilot too you know. Someday, I’m going to fly away from this place.” Anakin said dreamily.
“Have you been here long?” Padmé inquired as she took a stool and sat facing him and ran her hand on the droids being repaired.
“Since I was very little, three, I think. My mom and I were sold to Gardulla the Hutt by the relatives of mom’s former master Pi-Lippa after she died. But the Hutt lost us to Watto from a betting in the Podraces. Watto’s a lot better master than the Hutt, I think.” Anakin answered casually.
“You’re a slave?” Padmé gasped.
“I’m a person and my name is Anakin.” the boy said defiantly.
“I’m sorry. I’m just not used to this. This is a strange world to me.” Padmé apologized.
Anakin nodded at her and smiled, “One day I will marry you.” He suddenly said which startled him more than it startled Padmé. “I mean it.” Anakin added which really surprised him for having said that to her.
Padmé smiled at him in amusement, “You’re an odd one, why would you say that?”
“I guess because it’s what I believe…” Anakin couldn’t exactly explain why he said it.
“Well, I’m afraid I can’t marry you Anakin. You’re just a little boy.” Padmé’s smile was dazzling.
“I won’t always be.” Anakin shrugged and resume working on the droid.
* * *
Shmi and Kitster waited by the lobby of the spotless Mos Espa head office of the largest local water seller business establishment in all of Tatooine, an albino Twi’lek female sat by the desk smiling at the people milling around the lobby.
“Shmi Skywalker? Master Darklighter will see you now, you have ten minutes.” the Twi’lek stood and opened the door to Huff’s office.
Inside, Shmi and Kitster was surprised to see that the entire wall behind the owner’s desk was a huge aquarium from floor to ceiling. Large sea creatures the size of mature womprats swims lazily behind the young handsome teenager standing by the desk smiling at them.
“You must be Shmi Skywalker, pleased to meet you! This is my friend Cliegg Lars and his boy Owen.” Huff shakes her hand and winked at Kitster as he indicated the two other people inside the room.
“Please, be seated. My secretary says you’re here to discuss a loan,” Huff sat and punched some keys on his console to bring out her customer record, “You are employed under Watto… you have no withstanding debt… let’s see what we can do.”
Shmi nodded and felt uneasy from the furtive looks Cliegg was subtly giving her whenever he thinks she was not looking. Kitster and Owen were pressing their faces on the glass watching the exotic fishes that both of them have never seen before.
* * *
“Outlander, this Gungan tells me you are in need of some parts of a J-type 327 Nubian.” Watto the Toydarian hovered to face the approaching human customer. Jar-jar crossed his arms and glanced around at the open backyard where rows upon rows of various engine parts were stacked by several pit droids.
“My droid has the readout of what I need.” Qui-Gon regarded Artoo who rolled forward and transmitted a list on Watto’s datapad. The Toydarian studied the list seriously and rubbed the growing stubble in his leathery chin.
“A T-14 hyperdrive generator! You’re in luck. I’m the only one hereabouts who has one. But you might as well buy a new ship, it would be cheaper. By the way, how are you going to pay for this, Outlander?” Watto grinned.
“I have twenty thousand Republic credits to…” Qui-Gon was interrupted by the Toydarian dealer.
“Republic credits? Republic credits are no good out here! I need something better than that, something of real value…” Watto burst out in disgust.
“I don’t have anything else,” Qui-Gon shook his head and casually waved his hand before the Toydarian. “But credits will do fine.”
“No. They won’t!” Watto shook his head.
“Credits will do fine.” Qui-Gon repeated his wave and put more emphasis on his words.
“No, they won’t!” Watto growled in annoyance, “What do you think you’re doing waving around your hand like that? You think you’re some kind of a Jedi? I’m a Toydarian! Mind tricks don’t work on me, only money. No money, no parts, no deal! And no one else has a T-14 hyperdrive generator out here, I promise you that!” Watto scowled.
Jar-jar stepped forward about to bash some sense on the Toydarian but Qui-Gon signaled him to stand down and turn to smile at Watto, “I understand.”
Qui-Gon went back inside as Jar-jar, Artoo Detoo and Watto followed him.
“Let’s go.” The Jedi said to her and continued outside the shop.
“I’m glad I met you Anakin.” Padmé said as she started to leave.
“I’m glad I met you too!” Anakin called out as Watto hovered beside him.
“Outlanders! They think because we live so far from everything, we know nothing.” Watto grunted then looked at Anakin, “Get those droids back on storage and finish it tomorrow. You can go home.”
“Yipee!” Anakin cheered and started to stack the parts on the box and drag the protocol droids back on the corner.
* * *
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn took his company to a side ally as he called Obi-Wan in the comlink. Jar-jar faced the road and glared at anyone who looks at their direction. Padmé leaned on the wall beside Artoo Detoo and ran her hand on her face, the heat was staggering and she was not used to it.
“Ask Captain Panaka if we have anything there of value that we might be able to trade for the parts we need.” Qui-Gon asked.
There was short wait as Obi-Wan conferred with Captains Panaka and Olié. “We only have a few containers of supplies, the Queen’s wardrobe, some jewelry maybe but not enough for you to barter with. Not in the amounts you’re talking about.” Obi-Wan reported.
“All right then, another solution will present itself. I’ll get back to you.” Qui-Gin sighed and regarded his companions.
“Messa could shake up some cash in dessa crowd…” Jar-jar mused.
“We’re not robbing or mugging anyone, Gungan.” Qui-Gon reprimanded Jar-jar.
“It’s just a thought.” Jar-jar shrugged and followed the Jedi as Qui-Gon beckoned them towards the market area. Padmé and Artoo Detoo trailed closely, behind them they didn’t notice the slave boy Anakin was heading their way.
Jar-jar spotted a gang of ruffians playing sabacc. He saw an empty seat and took it and took out some credit chips. Qui-Gon and the others stopped by a vendor and asked questions.
“We don’t accept credit chips!” a Dug muttered waving him off the table.
“Youssa just afraid to lose big time!” Jar-jar snorted and took his card from the dealer.
“Sebulba never lose!” the Dug growled and leaped at the Gungan. The impact threw the two down on the street and the players shouted curses and threw their cards in disgust and started to bet instead on the two.
The commotion caught the attention of Qui-Gon, Padmé and Artoo Detoo who started towards the Gungan.
Jar-jar caught Sebulba’s long neck and started to squeeze, the Dug lashed out his foot and gripped the Gungan’s neck as well.
Qui-Gon stepped forward, disentangled the two and dragged the Gungan away. Sebulba spat and leaped on Qui-Gon but another human from the crowd intervened and caught the Dug on the neck in mid-air.
Jar-jar shoved Qui-Gon away from him and started for Sebulba but when he saw another man holding the Dug, he stopped.
“He is not worth your trouble.” The man said to Sebulba.
Sebulba blinked twice and started to calm down, “He is not worth my trouble.”
“Go Sebulba, have yourself a nice drink.” The man released the Dug.
“I’m going and will have myself a nice drink.” Sebulba intoned and started to leave.
Anakin stood beside Padmé and Artoo and gasped, “Did you just see that!”
Qui-Gon bowed as the other man turn to face him. “Thank you.”
“I hear you were looking for parts for your ship.” the man said then led them away from the crowd and into a vacant side alley.
“Master Vos, what are you doing here?” Qui-Gon finally said when they were alone. The others looked at each other in bewilderment to see another Jedi.
“The usual missions.” Jedi Master Quinlan Vos shrugged.
“Do you think you could help us get this credits converted?” Qui-Gon asked.
“I could but there’s not enough time, I’m due any minute now to tail my quarry.” Quinlan Vos shook his head in regret.
The two talked a little longer then parted ways, as Qui-Gon and his companions were heading out of Mos Espa, Anakin caught up with them. Padmé stopped by a fruit stand and bought some pallies.
Anakin approached the vendor and greeted her, “Here Jira, use this power cells for your cooling unit.”
“Thank you,” Old Jira said, “Looks like there’s a sandstorm coming Annie, you’d better get home quick.” Jira said as she stood and prepared to close her kiosk.
“They said this sandstorm is going to be the roughest this year. Do you have shelter?” Anakin asked. Qui-Gon came and also bought pallies to Old Jira, as he went to put the pallies on his pouch, Anakin saw a lightsaber clipped on Qui-Gon’s belt.
“We have a ship out on the outskirts.” Padmé pointed on the horizon.
“You won’t make it there in time, not on foot, come; I’ll take you to my place.” Anakin took Padmé’s hand and led her back to the town proper.
Padmé looked at the Jedi but Qui-Gon just nodded at her and they all followed Anakin to Slaves’ Row.

Chapter 35: Lunch with the Skywalkers

The Sith Infiltrator Scimitar emerged from hyperspace and made a sweep around the planet, its’ scanners searching for the profile readings of the Nubian Royal Starship. A match has been found but before the computer got a lock on the exact location the sensors were blocked by a powerful interference.
Darth Maul frowned and rechecked his scanners but his companion stopped him. The Zabrak had rendezvoused with Crimos’ ship at the edge of the Chommell Sector after he received her transmission from the Saak’ak. Once she boarded his Sith Infiltrator, the two continued on to their destination; Tatooine. 
“It’s useless. There’s a sandstorm down there. Let’s just land on that region and start the search when it has passed.” the Lady Sarc Crimos said.
Darth Maul nodded and eased the Scimitar and went down on the desert planet, the twin suns blazing ceaselessly behind them.
* * *
Captain Ric Olié went to the main deck where Captain Panaka, Captain Siege, Aluva and the others were preparing their dinner. Queen Amidala has already retired to her bedroom and the Royal Handmaidens were busy helping on the kitchen and the table.
“We detected a massive sandstorm heading this way. We will temporarily be out of contact with them.” Ric announced, double checking on the composition of the incoming sandstorm, according to their sensors, this are the strongest ever recorded in the past decade.
“Reduce power to minimum and direct the rest for the shields, sandstorms can be very rough. Especially this one.” Obi-Wan said and Olié nodded and return to the cockpit.
“What if they can’t obtain the needed parts?” Aluva asked.
“Then we must get ourselves another ship.” Obi-Wan answered.
The group ate in silence, their thoughts wandering, worrying about the others, their situation and the crisis back home.
* * *
“Mom! Mom I’m home!” Anakin called out as he led his guests inside.
Qui-Gon and the others followed in and Jar-jar closed the door behind them and locked it as the sandstorm begins its supposed to be most violent onslaught yet.
Padmé looked around and admired the simplicity and coziness of the adobe hovel. The ceiling were high enough to keep Qui-Gon and Jar-jar standing erect, the side walls were curved from ceiling to floor and although the static-charged doorframe keeps the sand from entering the house, somehow the sands still finds its way in. A small static-charge cleaner droid were constantly rolling about the floor making sweeps and absorbing dusts.
Padmé observed that there were a number of various gadgets and robotic machines in almost every corner of the house. At the side of the doorway to her left was a small workstation filled with pieces of memory chips and other components. An aeromagnifier hovers at the table beside a tool demagnetizer, a micro-circuit welder and a diagnostic screen. A whiff of something delicious drew the attention of Padmé and Jar-jar as a middle-aged woman came out of the kitchen with a cleaning rag on her hands.
Anakin came beside her and introduced her to them, “This is my mom, Shmi Skywalker. Mom, these are my new friends.”
“I’m Qui-Gon Jinn, this is Padmé and that one is Jar-jar Binks. Your son was kind enough to offer us shelter. We met at the shop where he works.” Qui-Gon offered a hand that Shmi absently shook as she looked at them each in turn.
“Oh, welcome then, please pardon our house, it’s a little messy and clogged up with my son’s inventions.” Shmi indicated the various gadgets and tool droids.
“No apology necessary, we are grateful enough for the hospitality of your wonderful son.” Qui-Gon smiled.
“Come on! Let me show you my droid.” Anakin took Padmé’s hand and pulled her to his room. Artoo Detoo followed them while Jar-jar sat by the dining room with Qui-Gon as Shmi returned to her cooking and took out more ingredients so the meal would be enough for everyone.
Anakin showed Padmé a deactivated protocol droid without any external plating. “Isn’t he great? He’s not finished yet, but he will be soon. I found what was left of him on my way to the shop, he was pretty messed up and since no one seems to be interested in him, I hauled him here to fix him.” Anakin clicked the power switch at the back of the head of the droid.
Internal motors powered up and the droid bolted upright and move its single photoreceptor around him. “Oh my, where is everybody?” the droid exclaimed.
“Ooops!” Anakin rummaged on the pile of parts and found another photoreceptor and attached it on the protocol droid.
“How do you? I am See Threepio, human-cyborg relations protocol droid…” C-3PO introduced himself automatically.
“He’s perfect!” Padmé grinned.
Artoo Detoo on the other hand had something else to say and let out a series of beeps and hoots.
C-3PO turned to face the other droid and ask in indignation, “I beg your pardon… what do you mean by naked?”
Artoo whistled in reply and the protocol droid straightened up in surprise, “My parts are showing? Oh my!”
“Sorry about that, I’ll get you covered one day Threepio.” Anakin said to his droid then beamed at Padmé as another thought came to his mind, “When the sandstorm is over I’m going to show you my racer. I’m building a Podracer but Watto doesn’t know about it. It’s a secret.”
“Don’t worry Anakin. I’m good at keeping secrets.” Padmé smiled at the irony.
“Annie, tell our pretty guest that dinner is ready!” Shmi called out from the kitchen.
“She can hear you mom!” Anakin answered and winked at Padmé.
Qui-Gon and Jar-jar Binks was already placing the plates on the table as Shmi serves her freshly cooked meals.
“Smells great!” Padmé said as she took a seat. Anakin went to help his mom place the spicy ahrisas, Lamtas, Haroun breads, Sidi gourds, Tezirett seeds and Driss pods on the table as Shmi poured Bantha milk, or most known as the blue milk, on their glasses. Qui-Gon added the pallies he bought from Old Jira.
“So mom, how did it go with the Darklighters?” Anakin asked.
“Huff was kind enough to promise a loan by next week after he sold their stocks. As for Cliegg, well, he was in his usual cocky self and he also agreed to loan me a couple of hundred wupuipi.” Shmi said.
“A loan?” Jar-jar asked and Qui-Gon gave him a sharp look but the Gungan ignored the Jedi.
“My mom and I are saving money to buy our freedom…” Anakin said then changed the subject, “So how are you going to convert your credits to wupuipi?”
“How do they grant you your freedom?” Qui-Gon stayed on the original subject.
“They can grant freedom anytime they want with or without cause but usually they set a certain amount of money if we are to buy our own freedom.” Shmi said.
“And usually it’s so expensive our lifetime isn’t even enough to pay for it with the amount we are earning. Not to mention we can’t also attempt an escape. It is said that there’s a transmitter somewhere inside our body that would trigger an explosion inside us if we ever try to reach a certain distance without the approval of our master.” Anakin added.
“I can’t believe slavery is still permitted in the galaxy. The Republic anti-slavery laws should…” Padmé started to say but Shmi shook her head.
“The Republic doesn’t exist around here. We must survive on our own.” She said sadly.
“Have you ever seen a Podrace?” Anakin quickly changed the subject.
“They have Podracing on Malastare, very fast, very dangerous.” Qui-Gon nodded.
“I’m the only human who can do it.” Anakin said proudly, Shmi gave a sharp look at him but Anakin shrugs it off, “Mom, what? I’m not bragging. It’s true! Watto says he’s never seen any human doing it.”
Qui-Gon and Shmi’s eyes caught each other and the Jedi look closely at Anakin, “You must have Jedi reflexes if you race pods.”
Jar-jar and Padmé looked at each other as if something else is being discussed between the lines.
Anakin was in deep thought for a few seconds then regarded Qui-Gon seriously, “I… I was wondering about something…” he said hesitantly.
A nod from Qui-Gon encouraged Anakin to continue, “You’re a Jedi Knight aren’t you? Like that man who sent Sebulba away earlier, it was a Jedi mind trick.”
“What makes you think that?” Qui-Gon tested the boy.
“I saw your lasersword. Only Jedi Knights carry that kind of weapon.” Anakin indicated the belt under Qui-Gon’s poncho.
“Perhaps I killed a Jedi and took it from him.” Qui-Gon insisted testily.
“I don’t think so. No one can kill a Jedi.” Anakin shook his head at the absurdity of the idea.
Qui-Gon leaned back on his seat and smiled at him, “I wish that were so.”
“I had a dream I was a Jedi. I came back here and freed all the slaves.” Anakin paused then throw out the question he’d been meaning to ask, “Have you come to free us?”
Shmi gasped and looked apologetically at Qui-Gon. Jar-jar cleared his throat while Padmé leaned forward, amused and interested at the direction their conversation is taking them. Artoo Detoo just moaned silently.
“No, I’m afraid not…” Qui-Gon began.
“I think you have. Why else would you be here.” Anakin insisted.
Shmi was about to chastise her son but Qui-Gon leaned forward and spoke in a conspiratorial tone, “I can see there’s no fooling you, Anakin. But you mustn’t let anyone know about us. We’re on our way to Coruscant, the central system of the Republic, on a very important mission. It must be kept secret.” the Jedi admitted to Anakin and Shmi.
“Coruscant! Wow! How did you end up here in the Outer Rim?” Anakin asked.
“Our hyperdrive has been badly burnt. We’re stranded here until we can get it fixed.” Qui-Gon explained.
“I can fix it for you. I’m good at fixing things.” Anakin offered.
“I’m sure you are. But first we need to get those parts we need.” Qui-Gon nodded at the boy.
“These junk dealers must have a weakness of some kind.” Padmé said to Qui-Gon.
“Gambling, everything revolves around on betting on those awful podracers.” Shmi said at once.
Qui-Gon nodded in understanding, “Podracing. Greed can be a powerful ally, if it’s used properly.”
Anakin stood up in excitement, “I’ve build a racer! It’s the fastest ever. There’s a big race day after tomorrow, on Boonta Eve. You can enter my Pod…”
“Anakin, settle down, you know Watto won’t let you race.” Shmi reminded him.
“Watto doesn’t ussen have to know it is Anakin’s. Messa could claim it ussen mine and ussa sponsoring him to pilot it!” Jar-jar suggested.
“I don’t want you to race, Annie. It’s awful. I die every time Watto makes you do it.” Shmi said to her only son.
“But mom, I love it! Besides, the price money is enough to get the parts they need…” Anakin insisted.
“Your mother is right. Let’s drop the matter.” Qui-Gon supported Shmi then regarded her, “Do you know anyone friendly to the Republic that might help us?”
Shmi shook her head.
“Mom, you see the biggest problem in the universe is that nobody helps each other.” Anakin scowled.
“I’m sure Qui-Gon doesn’t want to put your son in any danger. We will find another way.” Padmé consoled.
“No, Annie’s right. There is no other way. I may not like it, but he can help you. He was meant to help you.” Shmi sighed heavily.
The group finished up their dinner as the violent sandstorm continues to ravage Mos Espa and the surrounding desert.
* * *
Jango Fett stared at the crackling fire before them as Cradossk devours his womprat raw. Aurra Sing stood by the edge of the cliff with her macrobinoculars watching the massive and powerful sandstorm over Mos Espa some ten kilometers from them.
“I will kill that Gungan the moment I see him again.” Jango growled.
“That’s the spirit kiddo.” Cradossk hissed.
“Something’s coming!” Aurra Sing warned them and Jango quickly put out the fire as Cradossk dropped his dinner and took his heavy repeater blaster at the ready.
The three took cover on one of the large boulder as a gleaming starship descended and landed just a few meters from where they were.
Aurra Sing recognized the Scimitar and went out of her hiding.
“What are you doing? Are you crazy?” Jango shouted at her.
“Relax. They’re friendlies.” Aurra Sing assured them.
Hesitantly, Jango Fett and Cradossk came out behind the boulder and stood behind Aurra Sing as the ramp of the sleek Sith Infiltrator descended.
A female strode down purposely and approached Aurra Sing while another hooded figure stayed at the foot of the ramp.
“Milady, we meet again.” Aurra Sing bowed.
“Aurra Sing, my kindred in the Force. And who are these?” Crimos asked.
“Cradossk, the Head of the Bounty Hunters Guild and Jango Fett, a new in the trade but a veteran and pure Mandalorian.” Aurra Sing introduced the two.
“Jango Fett. I have heard of you. You were the sole survivor of the Galidran massacre.” Crimos nodded at him.
“Only a handful knows of that.” Jango growled, his hand hovering on his blaster. The former Nightsister merely raised her eyebrow in amusement, her heterochromic eyes glinting by the firelight.
“True.” She nodded then returns her gaze at the fellow former Jedi, “What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be on Cato Neimoidia?” Crimos frowned.
“The Jedi they sent there has been dealt with. The Viceroy’s spy within the Royal Starship informed him they were heading here so they sent me to get the Queen. Who’s that?” Aurra Sing asked about the other hooded man by the ramp.
“He’s here to get the Queen and eliminate the rest. Where are they?” Crimos asked.
“Inside that sandstorm,” Aurra Sing pointed.
The hooded man started to approach them and with him were the probe droids.
“No need for that. We have their location marked, here.” Aurra Sing handed her datapad and Crimos took it and gave it to her companion.
“Does your friend here have a name?” Aurra Sing asked.
“Lord Maul.” Crimos grinned.
“Mandalorian, you can operate in zero visibility, correct?” Lord Maul asked Jango Fett.
“Yes.” Jango nodded, feeling unease with the cold dispassionate fiery yellow orange eyes of the Zabrak.
“Here’s what I need you all to do…” Lord Maul laid out his plan and the three bounty hunters listened intently as the Lady Crimos watched the sandstorm in its relentless assault on the town of Mos Espa.
* * *
“Your Highness, we have a coded transmission from Naboo. It’s not live, it has been sent an hour ago before the sandstorm began, we didn’t detect it because the interference started and the incoming queue tracker went off-line. We just got it up and running, would you like to see the message now?” Captain Olié reported through the intercom.
“Run the recording Captain.” Captain Panaka ordered.
Queen Amidala, Aluva, the Royal Handmaidens, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Captain Panaka and Captain Siege watched the holo of Governor Sio Bibble appeared at the center of the throne room facing the Queen.
“...left and right battles led by the resistance… …the death toll is catastrophic, we must bow to their wishes… …you must contact me…” the static filled incomplete transmission ended.
Obi-Wan stood and regarded the Queen and Captain Panaka, “It’s a trick! Send no reply, Your Highness. Send no transmission of any kind.”
“Captain?” Queen Amidala looked at Captain Panaka and asked for his stand in it.
“The Jedi is right. It’s just a ploy by the Trade Federation to discover our location.” Captain Panaka admitted.
“Captain Panaka, we have a problem…” Captain Ric Olié suddenly called out.
Captain Panaka and Captain Siege rushed to the cockpit and saw a black cloaked figure standing at the nose of their ship facing them and oblivious to the raging sandstorm around him.

Chapter 36: Intruders in the Sandstorm

Jango Fett activated his thermal sensors and ignited his jetpack and flew towards the sandstorm, from behind and below him Darth Maul rode his Razalon FC-20 speeder bike which he named Bloodfin after a fierce aquatic hunter from some remote hostile backwater world he’d been in the course of his training under his watchful and ever cynical Master.
Aurra Sing and Cradossk wrapped themselves in a tight cloak with hood and covered their face with a mask equipped with oxygen and thermal sensor goggles that Crimos had provided for them from the many array of gadgets on the weapons and tool storage of the Scimitar.
The Lady Sarc Crimos returned aboard the Scimitar and activated its long range anti-interference sensor scopes and locked it on the coordinates where the bounty hunter claimed the Naboo Royal Starship was. Once she got the lock and has confirmed that the starship was indeed in there, she began the preflight checks and primed the Sith Infiltrator in case they would need it to be airborne.
The virulent swirling winds and dusts slowed the flight of Jango Fett. He could barely keep a direct trajectory as the sandstorm’s force kept snatching him to its frenzy spin. Jango could feel the engines of his Merr-Sonn JT-12 jetpack groaning from the strain and the thrusters were starting to sputter.
He was still shy of three kilometers from the indicated position of the starship according to the tracker of his helmet’s HUD. Jang Fett calculated that if he kept pushing against the direction of the sandstorm his jetpack won’t last another click. Jango decided to allow the wind to push him in a spiral to make his progress easier. He steered his jet-pack in an inward spiral and despite its longer path, the sheer power of the wind propelled him tenfold.
In two minutes his proximity sensors beeped an alarm and the Mandalorian bounty hunter reversed his thrusters and began his descent. Enhancing his thermal sensors he saw the Naboo starship just twenty meters from him. He aimed his wrist mounted grappling hook and aimed at the landing gear and then he moved his aim some five meters to the left against the wind and estimated his shot before firing. The grappling hook shot out and the blasting wind took it sideways as it kept going. Finally it reached the landing gear and clung into it.
Satisfied, Jango started to pull himself with the cable towards the starship.
Darth Maul strained to keep his bike in control as he traversed the distance towards his quarry. Upon reaching the underbelly of the starship, he took out a portable shield disruptor and fired repeatedly on the shields until he saw the sparks rippling on the hull indicating that the shield gave out.
He then leaped up on the nose of the starship and walked against the sandstorm towards the transparisteel window of the ship’s cockpit.
He saw the pilot got alarmed at his presence and the Jedi came to look and saw him. Darth Maul grinned at the sight of his inevitable first kill for the day.
Obi-Wan rushed to the cabinet of vacuum suits, the only one they got on board that could protect his face from the corrosive sandstorm, took one and began suiting up. Captain Hoff Siege made sure his suit was in perfect condition and that it’s oxygen tank is fully functional before giving the thumbs up sign at the Jedi. Obi-Wan rushed into the lower deck into the droid holding area and took the droid lift tube hatch.
The Jedi adjusted his visor then activated his magnetic boots as he emerged at the rear end of the starship and started making his way towards the unknown intruder.
Under them, Jango Fett finally reached the landing gear and secured himself there as he positions himself to face the closed ramp.
From behind the starship, Aurra Sing and Cradossk finally arrived and dismounted their swoops. The two lifted their repeater blasters and opened fire at the right radial sublight engine.
The starship shook at the barrage and Captain Olié tried to reactivate their shields. The shield generator sputtered once then died completely.
Aluva and Eirtaé came out from the throne room and nodded at Panaka.
“They want the Queen. We must not let them get through!” Panaka said and took out his blaster. Hoff rushed to the vac suit compartment and started distributing it to the others. Aluva and Eirtaé unceremoniously took out their robes and done their vac suits, Panaka came to assist them on sealing their suits and checking on their oxygen. Hoff was already in his vac suit as he handed another to Panaka.
Once ready, they all went to the droid hold to the droid lift tube.
Obi-Wan Kenobi now stood on top of the starship’s cockpit and saw the cloaked intruder still standing where he first saw him, he was waiting for him.
Darth Maul grinned as the Jedi emerged and he ignited one of his blades. The Jedi took on a fighting stance and ignited his own blue lightsaber.
The visibility was almost zero, only the Force-enhanced eyesight and senses of the two enabled them to discern each other.
Obi-Wan leaped and use the Force to control his jump and avoid getting blown away by the powerful winds as he came down to his opponent.
Darth Maul snarled and pivoted, swung left with his blade but let out his right foot flew behind his weapon. As the Jedi parried the blow, Maul’s boots impacted hard on the right shoulder of the Jedi.
Obi-Wan were thrown against the wind and his magnetic boots saved him from falling off the starship.
Aluva came out first and despite the swirling sands she made out a figure moving at the back of the ships, she took aim and fired, a fracture of a second later a return fire sizzled past some two feet to her left and she dropped on the smooth chrome surface of the ship and waited for another shot.
Eirtaé, Panaka and Siege came out and ducked as a barrage of laser bolts came at them.
Aluva saw two separate silhouettes where the series of laser bolts were originating, taking careful aim she chose to target the one nearest to her. On her right side, the others were also taking the pair of attackers in their gun sights.
Panaka nodded and they all opened fire.
Aurra Sing and Cradossk saw some movement above the starship and raised their repeater blaster rifles but a bolt came out from above first and missed Cradossk by a few inches.
Angered, the Trandoshan snarled and opened fire but Aurra Sing stopped him and the two slowly move away from each other, struggling in each step against the ceaseless pushing of the sandstorm.
Aurra Sing adjusted her helmet but her thermal sensors were unresponsive, she switched to night vision but that didn’t helped either. She reached out to the Force and barely got a read on the others, her elementary knowledge was scarcely sufficient for such task. She took a deep breath and focused until she caught the slightest touch of human presence then it disappeared entirely but it was enough for her to get a general sense of direction. She aimed her repeater blaster on that area, as she was about to pull the trigger, a flash of red appeared above and she was hit hard on her armor.
Cradossk hardly saw his companion flew backwards at the impact of the laser bolt. That same instant, a rain of blaster fire singed and drew the Trandoshan away from the starship.
“Cradossk jump!” Aurra Sing’s voice vanished in the howling winds of the sandstorm.
Cradossk heard her clearly and started to leap off of his position and he felt a searing heat blasted him father off the sands.
The Trandoshan got up and shook his head angrily as he discerned his swoop already in flames. Aurra Sing started to head towards Cradossk as the swoop behind her was also hit in the power core and blew up.
“You alright?” Cradossk asked as he pulled her up.
“I’ll live. Let’s go, I think we have distracted them long enough.” Aurra Sing shouted at the Trandoshan. Cradossk nodded and the two fought their way out of the sandstorm, Aurra Sing clinging to him while the Trandoshan uses every ounce of his strength to keep himself on the ground. Their progress was slow, but it kept them from getting lifted by the raging winds.
* * *
Jango Fett would have planted and detonated a bomb already on the ramp’s emergency release control to blow the hatch open but the tattooed Zabrak instructed him to be subtle and silent.
It took him longer than he expected to locate the emergency release control because it was built beneath a cover that entirely matches that of the starship’s smooth chromed hull. Jango used his laser cutter to remove the cover and started to pry the circuits to open the hatch and ramp.
When he was ready, he aimed his blaster and opened the hatch. The ramp hissed and the hydraulics pumped the hatch and ramp open. Jango silently ascended with his weapon trained and sensors probing. There was no one in the lower deck so he moved faster until he reached the lift tube leading to the cockpit.
The lift tube opened and he saw the crew busy at their work stations. Through the transparisteel viewport he saw a blur of blue and red light where the Sith Zabrak was engaging their quarry’s Jedi protector. He cautiously stepped forward and aimed at the captain first when his sensors suddenly hissed with static.
Jango winced at the hissing noise and that momentary distraction cost him his target. A hand shot out from his left and its steely fingers knocked the blaster from his grip. Jango turned and took out his other blaster but another solid chop landed on the back of his head. Simultaneous to that someone from his right kicked his shin and his abdomen in swift movements.
Dazed he lost track of how many times he was getting pounded by seemingly two to three attackers. He tried to fight back but they were precise and astoundingly coordinated. Something hit his helmet and the anti-glare of his visor was activated, his helmet’s viewer blacked out on him.
All the while Jango could feel through the left and right kicks, punches and chops that they were meticulously stripping him off of his weapons in the process.
One powerful punch hit him in the sternum, his armor hardly deterred his attackers and he fell on his knees. Someone grabbed his helmet and removed it.
He saw four Royal Handmaidens with their blasters pointing at him from a safe distance. Captain Ric Olié was now standing before him with his own blaster.
“Bounty hunter, we will spare your life. But should you choose to resist they will kill you out cold. If you make another attempt after we freed you, we will no longer grant you this mercy and kill you and your companions. Do I make myself clear?” the captain said to him.
Jango Fett nodded. His pay wasn’t enough for such risk. He could still take them all down but he decided not to. Unless Aurra Sing strike a deal with larger denominations on their employer.
The Handmaidens led him back out of the ramp, their captain following closely behind. Jango was making his descent when one of the crew came out and fired at the captain.
Jango whirled to spring at the nearest handmaiden but a shower of stun bolts rained down on his unprotected body. The Mandalorian fell unconscious and rolled down the ramp into the sands.
That same moment, two of the handmaidens collided with the insider and easily subdued him. After securing the traitor they threw Jango out of the ship and closed the hatch before him.
Saché and Yané took their captain to the sick bay and with the help of the medical droid attended to his wound.
Rabé and Fé went to the throne room and informed Queen Amidala what has just happened.
Above the starship, Panaka, Siege, Aluva and Eirtaé assumed that the two attackers below were either dead or have retreated because after several minutes no one fired back at them. Panaka led them to the top of the cockpit and they saw through the swirling dust and screaming winds the faint silhouettes of the Jedi and his foe hardly illuminated by their blue and red lightsabers.
Panaka took aim at where the red blade was and the three followed his lead and waited for the two to separate.
Panaka whirled around at their back when he faintly heard beeps and hoots through the deafening sandstorm and saw blinking lights as their astromech droids ascended from the lift tube and made their way for repairs.
Turning back to the dueling swordsmen he saw that Obi-Wan were a few feet away from the other.
Panaka fired at the attacker and the others did so as well.
Darth Maul kicked Obi-Wan in the chest and threw him off again when his senses alerted him. The Zabrak whirled his blade as a bolt struck it. He then ignited his second blade as the barrage of laser bolts rained down on him.
Through the scouring winds he could barely see his new attackers and he could not focus enough to retaliate through the Force. He was already too strained from keeping himself from getting swept by the powerful sandstorm.
Cursing and snarling, Darth Maul allowed himself to be taken by the strong winds away from the blaster fires and away from the starship.
In mid-air, Darth Maul’s transmitter located his Bloodfin and when he spotted it through the swirling haze he used the Force to summon it to him. The Sith’s speederbike flew from its secured position straight to its master.
Maul gripped its handle and mounted it as he and his bike were spinning in the air. He started the engine and with the help of the Force steered off from the spinning wind and arduously made his way back to the plateau where his Scimitar and the Lady Crimos was waiting.
* * *
Obi-Wan and the others returned inside the starship. They were informed about the attack inside the ship, the spy and Captain Olié getting hit.
Captain Panaka and Obi-Wan rushed to the sick bay and saw Ric Olié smiling at them.
“Thank the Force it’s nothing fatal.” Olié said to them after the Handmaidens Saché and Yané told the two of what happened in detail.
Obi-Wan took a look at his wound and nodded at Panaka. “It’ll heal quickly, it’s not deep. By the time Master Qui-Gon returns with the parts we need, Captain Olié would be as good as new.”
“You’re one lucky old man, Ric.” Panaka smiled and clasped hands with his old friend.
“Luck has nothing to do with it; it’s the will of the Force.” Obi-Wan said.
Panaka and Ric looked at each other, shrug and laughed lightly, “Whatever works my friend.” Panaka said to Obi-Wan.
“You’ll be fine in no time. I’ll make my report to the Queen and call my Master.” Obi-Wan said to them and left.
“Jace Muga, I trained him in the camp, signed his commendation to Captain Magneta and… how could he turn against us?” Panaka slumped on the seat vacated by the handmaidens.
“We can never really tell. We must also take into consideration that the Trade Federation is a very wealthy business empire. I guess Jace fell for their money. So who’s going to interrogate him?” Olié speculated.
“I’d better be the one to do it.” Panaka sighed.
“Don’t be too hard on yourself Captain.” Ric commented.
Obi-Wan Kenobi headed down the main hold after giving his report to the Queen. He took a seat by the comm console and called his Master.
“Obi-Wan.” Qui-Gon’s voice crackled.
“Master, there has been an attack, an attempt to abduct the Queen.” Obi-Wan began.
“So the Trade Federation finally tracked us. What happened? Is the Queen safe?” Qui-Gon inquired.
“The Queen is safe Master. There were four of them plus it turns out there was one spy among us and almost killed Captain Olié. The first two crippled our engines but Captains Panaka and Siege and two Handmaidens took care of them. Another sneaked in through the hatch but he too was disarmed by the rest of the Handmaidens. Captain was shot by the spy when they were throwing off the bounty hunter outside the ship.” Obi-Wan summarized.
“And what of the fourth one?” Qui-Gon frowned, sensing there’s more to be said about it.
“A Zabrak, with face tattoos. Master, he wields a red lightsaber and he is very skilled in combat… and in the Force.” Obi-Wan said.
“I see, and Crimos? She wasn’t there?” Qui-Gon asked.
“She wasn’t, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she is involved with them.” Obi-Wan shook his head.
“Your Zabrak attacker is most troubling. We must be more cautious then.” Qui-Gon was in deep thought then decided to change to subject.
“We met this boy, a slave of the junk dealer who has the parts we need. He said he would help us and I believe he could. There will be a big race the day after tomorrow, a Podrace. The boy will enter to get us the money we need.” Qui-Gon explained.
“A boy joining the Podrace and you believe he would win?” Obi-Wan gasped.
“There’s something about this boy but I need to be sure first.” Qui-Gon mused.
“There is one more thing Master.” Obi-Wan said.
“Yes, go on.”
“We received a transmission from Naboo. It was from Governor Sio Bibble. He is urging the Queen to make contact. I told her not to send any form of reply.” Obi-Wan related.
“Good call my young padawan. Although by the looks of it, it doesn’t matter anymore. They do know where we are now. Just keep everyone in the ship and keep a tight watch.” Qui-Gon answered.
“Yes Master.” Obi-Wan acknowledged as his master ended the transmission.

Chapter 37: The Eve of Boonta Eve

The sandstorm has finally ceased before the twin suns Tatoo I and Tatoo II rose up in the horizon. Mos Espa was covered in sand, about two feet thick. Stalls, speederbikes, landspeeders and other objects left exposed during the onslaught was either buried or destroyed.
Rontos, dewbacks, eopies and banthas were left wandering off across the town, their tethers and stables broken. Jawas scuttled out of their hiding places and started to rummage on the streets, some of them attempts to herd the wandering beasts but their owners came out firing their blasters or hurling stones at the furry robed scavengers.
People started to get out through the windows and began to labor on clearing the sands from their doorways. Sandtrucks started to disperse and clear the sands off the streets.
Anakin and Shmi were up early before any of Mos Espa was awake. They were already halfway clearing off the sands from their own doorway when Qui-Gon, Jar-jar and Padmé woke up.
Padmé took Artoo Detoo with her and started cleaning the backyard while the Jedi and the Gungan went down to help their hosts.
It was four hours past sunrise when Mos Espa finally returned to its normal bustling self. Shmi served breakfast late, after that her son and the Jedi went to speak to Watto about their plan.
Before Qui-Gon left, Padmé confronted him out of earshot of the others. “Are you sure about this? Trusting our faith of a boy we hardly know? The Queen will not approve.”
Qui-Gon looked at her bemused and winked, “The Queen doesn’t need to know.”
“Well, I don’t approve.” Padmé muttered.
Qui-Gon gave her a quizzical look then called Anakin and they left the hovel.
Shmi led Padmé, Jar-jar and Artoo Detoo to the back of Slaves’ Row and showed them were Anakin’s podracer was safely secured. Shmi left them and headed for work on Watto’s shop.
Jar-jar, Padmé and Artoo then started to clear off the sands that almost buried Anakin’s podracer.
* * *
Qui-Gon let Anakin get inside first to give him time to condition his master for the topic of Podracing.
The Jedi heard Watto scolding in Huttese asking why the boy was late. Anakin told about the sands and the two conversed more about other things.
When he heard Anakin already engaged in a topic about the Boonta Eve, Qui-Gon innocently strode in and the Toydarian quickly flew towards him.
“The boy tells me you want to sponsor him in the race tomorrow?” Watto demanded an answer, “You can’t afford the parts. How can you even afford the sponsorship?”
“My ship will be the entry fee.” Qui-Gon showed him a holographic representation of the Naboo Royal Starship.
Watto’s eyes widened and looked at the outlander closely, “Not bad, not bad, a Nubian!”
“It’s in good order, except for the parts we need.” Qui-Gon said.
“Be that as it may, but what will the boy ride? He smashed up my Pod the last time he raced. He won’t be able to get it fixed for tomorrow!” Watto rubbed the stubble in his chin.
Anakin interjected at once, “It wasn’t my fault! Sebulba flashed me with his port vents. I actually saved the podracer… mostly.”
Watto chuckled, “That he did! The boy is good, no doubts there, but still…”
“I have acquired a Pod in a game of chance. The fastest ever built.” Qui-Gon countered.
Watto narrowed his eyes at him, “I hope you didn’t kill anyone I know for it!” then he burst into laughter and said excitedly, “So, you supply the Pod and the entry fee, I supply the boy, we split the winnings fifty-fifty, I think.”
“Fifty-fifty? If it’s going to be that way then you must front the cost for the entry. If we win, you keep all the winnings minus the parts we need. If we lose, you keep the ship. Either way, you win.” Qui-Gon implied.
Watto looked at the outlander and then at Anakin and groaned, “Deal!”
Anakin and Shmi were dismissed at once by Watto, excited by the concept of gaining his winnings. Qui-Gon and the two Skywalkers got back home. Anakin quickly led the Jedi at the back where his Podracer was being cleaned by Padmé and Artoo Detoo.
Jar-jar was crouching under the control pod already making the repairs.
“There’s my Podracer!” Anakin said proudly to Qui-Gon.
“Impressive. Radon-Ulzer engines, very fast.” the Jedi nodded in approval as he joined the others.
“I’m going to get Threepio…” Anakin left and Padmé looked at Qui-Gon.
“How did it go?” she asked him.
“As well as should be, all we need now is to finish fixing this before noon, have the boy test it, some paint job and we’re all set for tomorrow.” Qui-Gon said casually.
“Youssa seemed on high spirits.” Jar-jar commented as he reaches for the hydrospanner on the tool box.
“On the contrary I am seriously worried.” Qui-Gon said flatly. His tone hinted something that made the Gungan stop with what he was doing and sat up to regard him. Padmé and Artoo moved closer.
“There has been an attack, last night, during the sandstorm, three bounty hunters and a Dark Jedi.” Qui-Gon whispered looking around if there’s anyone other than them was listening.
“What happened?” Padmé gasped.
“There was a traitor among the crew but your fellow handmaidens have dealt with him. The Queen was safe, the ship was damaged though and Captain Olié was hit, but Obi-Wan said he’ll be fine.” Qui-Gon answered.
“Is it Crimos?” Padmé inquired.
“No. But I strongly suspect she’s somehow behind this. She and the Trade Federation.” the Jedi concluded.
Anakin returned with his skeletal protocol droid. They spent the next couple of hours doing repairs. Kitster his best friend came and helped, he took Jar-jar to the junkyard and scavenged some parts, careful not to be spotted by Watto.
Shmi called them all for lunch and Kitster joined them as well. After that they all got back to work. Qui-Gon and Shmi sat by the veranda watching them, the two adult discussed about Anakin, how he displayed inhuman reflexes. Qui-Gon also learned that Anakin was no father and was even more shocked and interested to find out that Shmi conceived the boy without a partner.
Qui-Gon’s interest in the boy grew and the more he listens to Shmi’s stories about her so, the more convinced he became that Anakin is truly something special.
Jar-jar helped Anakin rig a remote viewer on his Podracer to Artoo Detoo’s interface so they could monitor every system, every power fluctuations and all that once they start the test run.
Artoo tested the receiver and projected a miniature image of the entire Podracer before them. A magnetized probe droid was linked on the pod, hovering three meters above Anakin’s cockpit. It will stay in that position for the duration of the test run and will not be separated. Its job was to scan all activities of the Podracer, external and internal and transmit the readouts via live feed on Artoo’s receiver which in turn he would project in real time including the system and power statistics.
Qui-Gon, Jar-jar and Padmé cleared the area and ushered Anakin’s friends, Kitster, Wald, Amee, Seek and Melee out of the way.
Anakin started the engines and the thrusters fired up and roared.
“It’s working! It’s working!” Anakin cheered and lurched out of the backyard and into the vast desert.
Artoo Detoo intently monitored his progress as the others leaned over behind him watching the projection and the stats.
“That ussa very, very fast!” Jar-jar exclaimed.
Padmé gripped Kitster’s hand and Jar-jar’s arm as she watches in horrifying suspense the astounding speed of the Podracer. No wonder no human could fly that thing! Padmé thought.
Qui-Gon whispered something to Jar-jar and the Gungan nodded once and went inside the hovel and out into the streets on the other side.
Padmé looked at the Jedi, “What was that about?”
“I just sent him off to an errand.” Qui-Gon said innocently. The Handmaiden was unconvinced but she kept her silence.
Two hours later Anakin returned and they well went to check on him and his Podracer.
“You’re hurt!” Padmé said in concern looking at the small gash on the boy’s arm.
“It’s nothing. I just startled a herd of banthas out on the messa.” Anakin said but winced when Padmé touched his arm.
“I’ll take care of that. You go help the droids clean and paint the Podracer. Let’s go Anakin.” Qui-Gon fetched the boy back up the house.
Kitster and Wald stayed to help clean the Podracer while Threepio and Artoo Detoo left home to purchase some paint. Padmé and the kids started on the control pod first and waited for the engines to cool off before cleaning it.
At sundown, Kitster and Wald went home. Padmé left the painting job to the two droids while she went inside to help Shmi cook their dinner.
“You have a very wonderful son, Shmi.” Padmé said as she chopped the kejon vegetables.
“Yes he is. Sometimes he’s so ahead of himself.” Shmi nodded as she started adding ingredients on the soup she’s cooking.
“When I first saw him in the shop he asked me if I was an angel. He also said that he will marry me.” Padmé chuckled lightly.
Shmi paused and look sideways at her and smiled, “You are the most beautiful human woman I have ever seen. I can’t blame him for that.”
“Now you’re making my head big!” Padmé laughed aloud and Shmi was infected by her mirth.
Qui-Gon took Anakin on the veranda at the back and tended his wound, “Sit still, Annie.”
Anakin looked up the starry night sky, “They are so many! Do they all have a system of planets?”
“Most of them.” Qui-Gon answered as he gently wipes the blood off on the boy’s arm.
“Has anyone been to all of them?” Anakin asked.
“Not likely.” Qui-Gon glanced up briefly then took out something from his pouch.
“I’ll be the first one to see them all… ouch!” Anakin croaked as Qui-Gon touched the object in his hand on the boy’s wound then put a bandage on it.
“There. Good as new!” Qui-Gon smiled.
“Anakin, dinner’s ready.” Shmi called them.
* * *
Darth Maul sat on the pilot’s seat in the cockpit of his Sith Infiltrator. Standing by his side was the Lady Crimos obliviously cleaning one of her lightsaber hilt.
Seated on the passenger chairs facing them were the three bounty hunters.
“What now?” Aurra Sing asked, looking back and forth on the Zabrak and the hybrid Crimos.
“We wait until they are about to leave.” Darth Maul hissed.
“You mean we will attack when there is two Jedi out there?” Cradossk snarled. “You barely got out yourself against one!”
“They will be more encumbered and vulnerable.” Crimos countered.
“And how do you propose we do this?” Jango asked.
“We attack while the other Jedi and his company are about to board the ship. You two take your ships and shoot down theirs the moment they took off. Crimos and I will keep the two Jedi grounded on the desert.
“Shoot it down, how about the Queen?” Cradossk frowned.
“Aurra Sing will take care of that, she’s going inside the starship.” Crimos clipped her lightsaber back on her belt and took out the other to clean it in turn.
“And how am I supposed to get inside there? You know what happened to Jango, there’s a cadre of deadly Handmaidens in there!” Aurra Sing snorted, Jango glared at her.
“Divide and conquer. My probe droids overheard that an outlander has entered a human boy to a Podrace. The Outlander’s description matches that of the Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn.” Darth Maul said.
“Tomorrow, during the race, we will draw out the Handmaidens from their precious Starship. We will start with the one they were traveling with.” Crimos said.
“Crimos and Aurra Sing will attack the handmaidens on the starship. You two will abduct the handmaiden traveling with the Jedi and the Gungan. Aurra is to be captured but you must kill at least one or two of them before you allow yourself to be caught.” Maul explained.
“Jango, Cradossk, kill that handmaiden but not after you got the older Jedi on your tail.” Crimos said.
“And him? What will he do?” Cradossk indicated Darth Maul.
“I will lead the attack after she was captured.” Maul hissed.

Chapter 38: Race to the Death

Watto rented a dewback and handed it over to Qui-Gon to tow the Podracer to the huge Podracer Hangar at the Mos Espa Grand Arena.
Artoo Detoo went to check the systems readouts of the Podracer and triple scanned the engines and everything else to make sure that every single piece of the vehicle is exactly where it should be and would function smoothly without any surprises.
Qui-Gon secured the tethers of the Podracer to the straps of the dewback and flicked on the repulsors. He nodded at Anakin and mounted the beast and started to shamble it out of the Slaves’ Row into the bustling streets of Mos Espa.
“Artoo, can you download the list of rules and guidelines from the information console at the Arena? Also, please don’t forget to get an uplink for mom’s hand-held viewscreen, acquire a viewing platform near the North Stands and download a complete list of all the other competitors and their Podracers. I want to have a quick study of them before the race starts.” Anakin told Artoo Detoo.
Artoo Detoo beeped an affirmative and started to leave but Threepio called out to him. “Wait, Artoo! I’m coming with you! You may need me for translations!”
Artoo rolled his dome and started to leave and hooted at the other droid.
“Keep up? Will you just slow down, my legs aren’t design for sprints!” Threepio complained.
The two droid purposely crossed the distance from Slave’s Row to the Mos Espa Grand Arena. When they reached the place, Artoo head straight to the Arena Citadel where See Threepio told him the Information Consoles would be located.
Artoo saw in wonder and amazement at the multitude of sentient beings pouring into the Grand Arena to watch and bet on the race. The two saw in the distant Podrace Hangars a dozen Podracers being towed inside for final checks, repairs, upgrades and testing.
A pair of large expensive sail barges were docked on the West Stands and they could make out distant figures coming from the sail barges, five or six of them were unmistakably Hutts, Threepio also thought he spotted a pair of t’landa Tils among those group.
“Excuse me, where are the Information Console?” Threepio asked the droid on the betting window.
“All questions are to be punched into the Information Console for answers.” the betting droid replied flatly.
“And where is it?” Threepio asked patiently.
“Try asking the Information Console.” the other droid responded dryly.
“Oh! Impossible machine!” Threepio left the booth in disgust and saw that Artoo was already rolling inside the Citadel past two scary looking Togorian guards wielding some sort of blaster cannon about his size. “Oh my! Artoo, wait for me!”
Artoo Detoo found the Information Console and inserted his scomp link. He started with downloading the list of rules and regulations for the race and at the same time transmitted it on the datapad See Threepio was carrying. After a few seconds he finally got everything he need to download and has also secured a reservation on one of the observation platform, which were supposed to be reserved to them in the first place because they have a pilot listed in the race.
Threepio checked the signal from the Hutt’s official repulsorlift race cameras. “We have it!” Threepio exclaimed.
Artoo beeped in satisfaction and told him that they should rejoin Qui-Gon now on the Podracer Hangar.
When Artoo Detoo and See Threepio reached the hangar, they easily spotted the Jedi with Watto hovering beside him speaking to a pair of Hutts flanked by their respective bodyguards.
Artoo and Threepio made their way past busy Podracer pilots and tech crews to where Qui-Gon was.
“[Ordinarily we do not allow barters for entry fees, but your Nubian starship is very interesting, Outlander. I believe we could let this pass just for now. But make sure you will have the proper currency if your racer should lose.]” The larger Hutt boomed in Huttese at Qui-Gon Jinn.
“Don’t worry Mighty Jabba. I will make sure that everything will be in order during the pay off.” Qui-Gon nodded.
“[Watto, I should expect you to bet on your boy, why are you listed on Sebulba’s? Do you doubt the human child?]” Another Hutt spoke.
“[I have no doubt of the boy’s abilities Oh Great Gardulla. It’s just that, Sebulba here is better!]” Watto pointed at the Dug being massaged by Twi’lek twins.
Qui-Gon turn to look then asked the Toydarian, “Why is that so?”
“Sebulba always wins! Hehehe!” Watto grinned as the two Hutts started to leave, their repulsor sled smoothly gliding above the sandy floor of the hangar.
“[Perhaps we should bet ownership of the Skywalkers again, Watto. This time I might win them back!]” Gardulla laughed as the Hutts left the hangar.
Bet ownership. That’s it! Qui-Gon grinned and faced the puzzled Toydarian then his eyes grew large when he realized what the Outlander has in mind.
“Oh no you don’t! I am not betting my boy’s freedom to you!” Watto shook his head.
“I’ll wager my Podracer against, say, the boy and his mother.” Qui-Gon said.
“No pod is worth two slaves, not by a long shot! One perhaps, the mother, yes… the mother!” Watto said.
“Only one huh? The boy then.” Qui-Gon said.
Watto was reluctant to risk betting his price pilot, “No, no… we’ll let the fate decide.” He took out a Chance Cube. “Blue for the boy and red… his mother.”
“Fine.” Qui-Gon nodded and casually moved his hand by his waist as Watto threw the Chance Cube on the ground.
The blue paint rested at the top of the cube.
Watto froze and anger rose to his face and growled at Qui-Gon, “You won the toss outlander, but you will never win the race, so it makes no difference!”
“We’ll see.” Qui-Gon smiled as Watto started to leave.
Padmé and Shmi arrived each riding an eopie as the beast knelt down and Anakin dismounted with Padmé and Kitster with Shmi, Watto hovered to glare at his slave, “Better stop your friend’s betting, or I’ll end up owning him too!”
Padmé frowned at the departing Toydarian. Qui-Gon and the droids approached them.
“What did he mean by that?” Anakin asked.
“I’ll tell you later.” Qui-Gon said and looked at Padmé as well.
“This is so wizard! I’m sure you’ll do it this time!” Kitster commented as he looked around the clustered pilots and their various sizes of podracers.
“Do what?” Padmé looked at Kitster.
“Finish the race, of course.” Kitster Banai beamed at her.
“You’ve never won a race before? Not even finish?” Padmé gasped in shock.
“Well, not exactly…” Anakin blushed but grabbed Kitster’s shoulders, “But Kitster’s right, I will this time!” he gave Padmé his most charming smile.
“Of course you will.” Qui-Gon placed his hands on Anakin’s shoulders as Padmé glared at the Jedi.
The group became too busy in the following hour as the start of the race nears. As the Podracers were towed out of the hangar into the starting line, pit crews bustled here and there to make last minute adjustments and instructions. Shmi went to Anakin and embraced him tightly. “Be safe Annie.” Shmi tried not to be too emotional.
“I will mom. I promise.” Anakin assured her and Qui-Gon came in turn and handed him an extra-small helmet personally made for him by the local craftsman Taieb. 
“Are you all set Annie?” Qui-Gon asked as he lifted Anakin and into the Podracer’s seat. “Remember, concentrate on the moment. Feel, don’t think. Trust your instincts.”
Anakin nodded as he begins warming up the engines. “May the Force be with you.” Qui-Gon said in parting as he left to join the others.
Padmé came to Anakin and leaned over the Podracer to kiss him on the cheek, “You carry all our hopes, Annie.” she said to him silently.
“I won’t let you down!” Anakin smiled at her.
Up front the flag bearers of each racers marched in displaying their individual crests or symbols, See Threepio proudly marched among them waving the banner of Anakin Skywalker, the only human in the race.
Introductions of the racers were announced by Fodesinbeed Annodue or better known as Fode and Beed, a two-headed Troig who specializes in two main language, the thin red-head Fode uses Basic while the thick green-head Beed handles the Huttese side of commentaries.
Qui-Gon Jinn moved their viewing platform at its highest elevation; with him were Shmi who was holding a hand-held viewscreen while Padmé has a race electrobinoculars with motion-tracking scanner. Qui-Gon preferred the race electrobinoculars with stereo-view double eyepieces.
Down on the other side by the pit hangar went Artoo Detoo, See Threepio, Kitster and Wald who would serves as Anakin’s Pit Crew.
Finally the race started and the Podracers shot out of the race track. Only two Pods were left on the starting line, Ben Quadinaros’ and Anakin Skywalker’s. The crowd hollered, booed and some cheered as the two struggles to get their Podracers started. Pit Droids clambered up to help Quadinaros but the four core fuel tanks shot out in different directions and exploded.
Anakin rerouted the power from one grid panel to another until he got a response from his engine. Firing up, Anakin’s Podracer sailed out after the others.
* * *
Up on the West Stands by the plateau two ships descended. One was an Amphibious Interstellar Assault Transport manufactured by the Kuat Drive Yards. Its thirty-one point five meters length dwarfed its companion, a prototype Nantex-class territorial defense starfighter from the shipbuilders of Geonosis.
The larger vessel, Jaster’s Legacy, opened its hatch and extended its ramp as Jango Fett came out.
He moved on the smaller ship Pelt Price and clung to the side of the cockpit.
“Where’s the Handmaiden located?” Cradossk asked.
“They are up on one of the viewing platform on the North Stand, if you see one human male with two human female, that’s them.” Jango explained.
“Let’s get this done.” Cradossk hissed and took off. He sailed past the West Stand, the crowd bellow roared in protest at their ship as their passing caused their viewing signals to be filled with static.
Jango Fett poised himself to jump as they flew closer to the North Stand. Down on the main Citadel, Jabba and Gardulla the Hutt roared in anger at the disturbance caused by the passing ship.
Qui-Gin lowered his electrobinoculars as he felt something coming their way. He turned to his left and saw a fast approaching ship.
“Get down!” Qui-Gon shouted at Padmé and Shmi as he took out and ignited his lightsaber.
The ship didn’t use its lasers instead it fired a pair of proton torpedoes. Qui-Gon grabbed the two women in each of his arms and uses the Force to leap out of the platform.
The women screamed in terror as the torpedoes impacted and exploded on the tower. The platform splintered and started to fall down in flames.
Something detached itself from the passing ship and Qui-Gon was surprised as someone snatched Padmé from his grip. As the startled Jedi landed on the sand below and darted a few meters further away to avoid the falling platform, he looked up to see an armored man in a jetpack sailing up carrying the struggling Handmaiden. Qui-Gon crossed the track towards the Pit Hangar were he could leave Shmi with Kitster and Wald. Sebulba’s Podracer zoomed before the running Jedi and Qui-Gon and Shmi dropped low as the podracer sped past them. The Jedi took Shmi the rest of the way as the other podracer flew past the first lap. The Jedi spotted some astromech assisted starfighters perched nearby and got an idea.
“Kitster, take care of her will you? Artoo come with me, hurry!” Qui-Gon said and without waiting for the astromech droid he darted towards the parked starfighters. Only one was unguarded and Qui-Gon leaped into the cockpit and started its engines. Artoo used his flight booster and landed at the back of the starfighter and went into the droid socket. Angry crew pounded on the starfighter demanding the Jedi to get out.
Qui-Gon ignored them and blasted out of the sand, he went after the man with the jetpack and Artoo tweeted a warning. The Jedi looked ahead and saw the ship flying back to intercept the abductor.
Jango Fett clung back on the side of the Pelt Price as Cradossk flew the ship to the canyon behind the race track, as he made the turn on the cliff, Jango let go and flew away taking Padmé with him.
Qui-Gon chased the Nantex­-class starfighter but as it made the turn behind the cliff, he did not see what Jango did. The Jedi and Artoo Detoo continue chasing the starfighter farther away from Mos Espa and into the Dune Sea.
Jango Fett landed on the supporting framework of a wide Podrace Balloon carrying a Spectator Gondola hovering a hundred feet above the Mos Espa Grand Arena.
Padmé crawled away from the bounty hunter and stayed close to the balloon surface. “Who are you? What do you want from me?”
“I don’t want anything from you and you don’t need to know my name.” the bounty hunter hissed though his helmet.
Suddenly a bolt hit Jango on his shoulder armor and the impact threw him staggering back. He looked out to see where the shot came and he was rewarded by another blaster bolt. Jango ducked this time and spotted the source.
A single-person skimmer was climbing up near the hanging spectator gondola below and a Gungan was driving it, one hand raised and firing his blaster at him.
“You should have stayed home.” Jango muttered and aimed at the engine of the skimmer. His shot flew and connected and black smoke billowed out of the skimmer. Jar-jar Binks jumped off the doomed vehicle and desperately clung on one of the spectator gondola’s high tensile-strength cable some fifty feet below the supporting framework where Jango and Padmé are.
Jango took another aim, this time on the head of the Gungan when Padmé lurched at him and wrestled for his blaster.
The skimmer fell on the race track in front of the citadel and hit a passing podracer. Anakin’s podracer veered left as the unfortunate Neva Kee perished from the fallen skimmer. The explosion jarred Anakin’s podracer but he got it in control and went for the second lap and struggled catch up with the others who were way ahead of him.
Qui-Gon admonished himself when he finally had the sense to reach out through the Force only to realize there was only one being left in that fleeing starfighter.
“It’s a decoy!” Qui-Gon pursed his lips. If he turn away, he would have no idea where to look for Padmé, so he decided to pursue the starfighter, he’ll have a better chance of finding out who and what they want and where they took her if he could capture this pilot.
“Artoo, check our armaments, what do we got?” Qui-Gon asked as he closed in the distance.
Artoo reported minimal charged laser cannons and a pair of concussion missiles. He also informed the Jedi that the ship they have commandeered has no shielding.
“I’ll fire the lasers, keep him centered, you make the target lock and launch those missiles. Aim to cripple only, Artoo. Aim to cripple.” Qui-Gon instructed.
Artoo beeped an affirmative and waited for the brackets to lock in on the starfighter. A tone indicated a target lock and Artoo released the concussion missiles.
The pair of projectiles hit the lower fuselage of the starfighter and started to careen down the dunes.
“Great shot Artoo!” Qui-Gon exclaimed and eased their ship down the sands. He got out of the cockpit and ignited his lightsaber and slowly approached the downed ship. A Trandoshan emerged with his arms over his head.
“I surrender Jedi.” Cradossk hissed.
“I can’t take you in my ship, no room. I have to render you unconscious and tie you on the wing.” Qui-Gon said.
“Whatever works with you Jedi.” Cradossk nodded. As Qui-Gon slowly move closer, the Trandoshan moved as fast as he can, from the back of his head he threw a magnetic bomb with all his strength and it connected on the nose of the starfighter of the Jedi.
Qui-Gon dove into the sands and Artoo screamed as the nose ruptured and exploded.
As Qui-Gon got up the Trandoshan fired a stun bolt at him.
“You are fortunate the Lady Crimos wanted your blood on her own hands.” Cradossk snarled and left the unconscious Jedi and the moaning Artoo Detoo.

Chapter 39: Farewell Tatooine

Jango lost his grip on his blasters and the pair fell down to the arena below, he shoved Padmé away and aimed his poisoned dart. Someone pulled him from behind as he fired and the deadly dart bounced off harmlessly on the thick balloon hide.
Jar-jar slipped his left arm under the chin of the bounty hunter while the other went under the right arm of Jango. Forcing his fingers to lock in on each others, the Gungan got a tight hold on the struggling Mandalorian.
Jango’s wrist blades came out and he tried to graze the Gungan with his free hand. Jar-jar tightened his grip, forcing to drain all the oxygen from the stubborn bounty hunter.
“Get hissa grappling hook! Use it to get out of here!” Jar-jar shouted at Padmé.
“Where?” Padmé asked as she slowly approaches the two struggling fighters.
“Right arm!” Jar-jar said and turns to the side to present the pinned arm of Jango Fett to Padmé.
Padmé removed the wrist mounted grappling hook of the bounty hunter and put it on hers. “How about you?” she asked the Gungan.
“Messa is a survivor, messa gonna be alright.” Jar-jar said and urged her to hurry because the resilient Mandalorian is beginning to wear off the Gungan’s strength.
Padmé aimed at the other passing Podrace Balloon and fired. The grappling hook shot out from her wrist mount and sailed across the twenty meters and hooked itself on the supporting tethers of the other balloon.
Padmé gave one last look at Jar-jar before she took the tow cables and tied it securely in her hand and arm. She tried not to look down and jumped off the supporting framework.
The Royal Handmaiden descended and seemingly falls down to her death but she kept her grip tight until her momentum took her swinging under the second Podrace Balloon. She saw the rooftop of the Arena Citadel coming in some four meters below her, closing her eyes, Padmé let go of the cable and sailed towards one of the windows in the domed adobe roof.
Padmé closed her eyes as she crashed through the window and landed back first on the broad thick and soft bed. The fall took her breath away.
When she opened her eyes she saw blasters aimed at her by various species. Two massive Hutts slithered towards her and ordered their guards to lower their weapons.
“[That was a very entertaining show, human! Who put you up to that?]” the tattooed Hutt slurred.
“[My son would have had your head for breaking his window and almost ruining this bed he made for his slave dancers.]” the larger one said to her.
“[Father, Uncle, can’t you see our guest is exhausted? Let’s leave her to sleep on that bed, it’s soft and cool to the touch, it would revitalize her.] a third Hutt eased his way.
Padmé understood Huttese and somehow recognized the third Hutt, he was the one she saw leaving the Podracer Hangar earlier when she arrived there.
“[I am Jabba. This is my father Zorba and my uncle Ziro.]” Jabba introduced himself.
“Please to meet you, but I must be on my way.” Padmé stood, bowed and ran off the stairs quickly before any of them could react… or object.
Out in the Dune Sea, Artoo Detoo inspected the crippled Nantex-class starfighter and checked if he could still get to fix it and fly it long enough for them to get back to Mos Espa.
Qui-Gon groaned and stirred and slowly got up and winced at the pain in his back and at the scorching heat of the twin sun of Tatooine.
He heard Artoo squealing excitedly and calling him. Qui-Gon walked towards the fallen Nantex­-class starfighter and saw the droid cutting off some wiring and rewiring it on another circuit.
“Can you salvage it?” Qui-Gon asked doubtfully.
Artoo let out a series of beeps and hoots explaining to the Jedi that the ship was heavily modified and its entire cockpit can detach itself from its body and propel itself.
“So it serves as an escape pod as well huh, ingenious.” Qui-Gon looked at the droid, “How long have I been out?”
Artoo chirped an answer.
“Five minutes? Feels like an hour, I don’t think we’ll make it back before the race is finished. I would have loved to have seen how Annie did in the race.” Qui-Gun muttered with a hint of regret.
Artoo beeped in excitement and told Qui-Gon that he has set the fuel lines to explode downward to the sands, enough force to shoot the cockpit/escape pod up in the air where its own propulsion system could take over for the rest of their journey back.
“Marvelous! I would ask you later how you did that trick in detail. Let’s see if we could still make it back to see Anakin wins.” Qui-Gon said and went inside the cockpit and checked the remaining power.
Artoo flew up and squeezed himself in the cockpit with the Jedi. “Here we go!” Qui-Gon said and triggered the detonator that Artoo Detoo rigged.
The lower fuselage’s remaining power core exploded, the blast directed downwards produced a shockwave that threw the cockpit upwards the same time Qui-Gon hits the pod ejector.
The spherical cockpit/escape pod sailed hundreds of meters and Qui-Gon fired up the pod’s propulsion rockets.
The pod got them back to the Arena but while still a thousand feet above the propulsion rockets died out and Artoo screamed as they began a freefall. Qui-Gon only got controls on the steerage and he directed their drop onto the largest Podrace Balloon.
Up on that very balloon, Jango Fett struggled for his free arm to reach the button on his other wrist band. When his finger finally touched the button, a surge of electric shock streamed onto the surface of the Mandalorian’s armor.
Jar-jar was electrocuted and he involuntarily released his death grip on the bounty hunter. The Gungan staggered on the railing and almost fell. Jango Fett took out his vibroblade and started to lounge for the kill when the entire balloon shook violently. Jar-jar fell over the railing but he managed to grip the metal bars in time. Jango was thrown overboard as well but he ignited his jetpack.
He reoriented himself to get a better view of what was happening on the Podrace Balloon and all he could see was that something have collided in it and its momentum has punched through the surface of the balloon and bounced off on the other side, inside.
The entire Podrace Balloon started to fall on the messa behind the Citadel. Jango decided that the Gungan would not survive the fall so he flew back on his ship Jaster’s Legacy.
Anakin and Sebulba’s Podracers have locked on to each other as they near the finish line. Up ahead on his peripherals, Anakin partly noticed that one of the Podracer Balloons was slowly dipping down.
Up on the descending balloon, Qui-Gon and Artoo Detoo struggled to get out of the cockpit, as the Jedi was about to open the hatch, the droid warned him that they were inside the Podracer Balloon and it was filled with deadly non-breathable and highly combustible processed Tibanna gas.
Qui-Gon looked around and found a face mask and wore it before opening the hatch. The Tibanna gas was nauseating and painful in the eyes. Qui-Gon leaped out and helped Artoo get out. The two then uses conventional cutting tools to cut a hole from the thick leathery hide of the balloon. Qui-Gon was disinclined to use his lightsaber or Artoo’s electric cutter in fear of triggering an explosion.
Jar-jar desperately and literally clung for his life as the Podracer Balloon groaned and slammed onto the top of the messa behind the Arena Citadel.
Down on the Arena people were split in excitement at the conclusion of the race and for fear or alarm at the fallen balloon. Jabba ordered his men to go and see what happened and secure the Citadel should the downed balloon explode.
Jar-jar let go and bounced twice on the surface of the balloon and slid downwards to the sandy surface below. As the Gungan fell on the ground the balloon hide behind him burst open and Qui-Gon Jinn and Artoo Detoo hurriedly came out.
“Messa should have known…” Jar-jar started to exclaim but the urgency in Qui-Gon’s face and voice prompted him to run with them as fast as he can.
“Take cover!” Qui-Gon shouted as they all drop on a downhill ravine.
The Spectator Gondola attached to the fallen balloon was heavily damaged by the fall and its power core exploded.
The entire Podracer Balloon erupted in flames and in a powerful and loud explosion right at the exact moment Fode and Beed announced Anakin Skywalker as the winner of the Boontha Eve Classic Podrace.
“Need a hand?” Padmé Naberrie stood above the ravine, the tall licking flames blazing behind her. Qui-Gon and Jar-jar coughed and dusted themselves off and slowly got up, help Artoo Detoo upright and climbed up to join the Queen’s Royal Handmaiden.
“We missed the race, but Annie wins, let’s go greet him.” Padmé smiled.
“Little Annie would never believe what just happened to all of ussen!” Jar-jar grunted as they all made their way down the messa to the cheering crowd below.
* * *
Captain Ric Olié was back on the pilot’s chair and was quickly recovering from his injury when one of the crew announced that they are detecting an unidentified ship approaching them.
Olié called for Panaka and Obi-Wan and the Jedi identified the ship as a Ginivex-class starfighter.
Panaka ordered the shields at maximum and all gunners on their station as Obi-Wan Kenobi rushed out of the Royal Starship and ignited his argent blue blade.
The Geonosian fanblade open fired and the Royal Starship retaliated but they were grounded and unable to maneuver so their firing range are limited only on the front of the ship.
Their shields held from the barrage of the fanblade who kept circling at them like a vulture. Obi-Wan saw the pilot inside the spherical cockpit, the Jedi-turned-bounty hunter Aurra Sing.
The fanblade kept firing, waiting for the Royal Starship’s shield to give out. As Obi-Wan tries to figure out how to help, he felt an even more commanding presence behind him.
Whirling around, Obi-Wan saw the Lady Sarc Crimos, her pair of blue and red lightsabers thrumming under the twin sun, her fiery heterochromic eyes boring down on him like a probing laser.
“Well, hello there.” Obi-Wan grinned and planted his feet on the sands and held his lightsaber with both hands facing her.
Crimos used the Force and blasted all of the sands before her towards the padawan. The pure sands of Tatooine hit Obi-Wan like a wall and he was thrown backwards.
Obi-Wan’s eyes stung at the sands that got into his orbs and he swung his blade blindly. Crimos toyed with the Jedi and kept hitting his blade.
Inside the starship, Panaka asked Olié is they could still fly the ship even with only one engine. Olié said that they could hover a few meters off the ground but it will be very hard to keep the ship steady and balanced.
Panaka ordered to risk it in favor of maneuverability for their laser cannons. Ric nodded and told Siege to co-pilot with him. Satisfied Panaka returned to the throne room and left the battle in the capable hands of the two greatest pilots of Naboo.
Aurra Sing saw the starship took off a few meters and rotated to target her. Despite her ship’s advantage in speed and movement, she allowed herself to get hit and she slammed her Ginivex-class starfighter into the sand dunes.
Crimos saw the fall of the fanblade starfighter and took it as a cue to retreat. First she increased her onslaught against Obi-Wan but as the Jedi started to counter and parry her attacks, she subtly allowed her opponent to gain the upper hand. All the while she was slowly moving towards the downed ship.
Aluva and two other Handmaidens came out of the starship with their blasters trained on the fallen fanblade ship. Aurra Sing came out and sprinted on the other way while firing at them.
Obi-Wan and Crimos battled closer to the starfighter and when Crimos saw that Aurra Sing was far enough and that the Handmaidens were out running after her, she let loose a surge of Force-lightning at the Jedi throwing him off rolling down the dune.
Crimos rushed into the fanblade’s cockpit and fired-up the engines and blasted off. Moments later as Obi-Wan shambles up the ramp, Aluva, Eirtaé and Saché came back with a stun-cuffed Aurra Sing in tow.
Obi-Wan’s comlink beeped as he came inside the starship’s cockpit. The voice of his master hissed in static, “Obi-Wan; have the starship docked inside Podracer Hangar here on the Mos Espa Grand Arena at once. There has been an attack here during the race…”
“We’ve been attacked again just now Master, Crimos and the bounty hunter Aurra Sing. We captured the bounty hunter but Crimos got away.” Obi-Wan informed his master.
“Wait for us in the hangar, we’ll be there shortly.” Qui-Gon said.
* * *
Jar-jar Binks, Artoo Detoo and See Threepio accompanied Anakin Skywalker to Gardulla the Hutt who bought the “Champion’s Podracer”.
Gardulla bid for half the real value of Anakin’s Podracer but Jar-jar smooth talked the Hutt and showered her with flattery. As a result, they returned to Slaves’ Row with double the price of the podracer.
Qui-Gon Jinn on the other hand went to collect Anakin’s winnings from the Boonta Eve Classic committee and then collected their winnings from Watto who were at first complaining about his loss but Jabba slid beside the Toydarian and told him to pay up.
Qui-Gon bowed to the Hutt and thanked Watto as the junk dealer handed over the control pad for the slave transmitter of Anakin. Jabba stood witness for the process of freeing Anakin. The informed Qui-Gon that the race’ holo-recording’s market value has shot up tenfold due to the action that took place.
Qui-Gon gave Anakin his winnings and proceeded on supervising the transportation of the parts they got from Watto to their Starship that is now docked at the Podracer Hangar and being repaired by its crew and astromech droids.
Three eopies pulled the parts and supplies they bought led by Jar-jar and Padmé from the shop to the hangar. Qui-Gon called Obi-Wan and told him to wait and that he would be a little delayed.
“Why do I sense that we picked up another pathetic life-form?” Obi-Wan mused.
“It’s the boy, actually. He’s the one responsible for us finally being able to get out of here, besides, there’s something more about him…” the Jedi Master explained and ended the call as he went to speak to Shmi about her son’s destiny.
Qui-Gon and Artoo Detoo waited for Anakin to say his goodbyes to his friends Kitster and Wald. Anakin then turn to face his mother and they talked silently and emotionally until Shmi finally stood up. Biting back tears and watches her boy heading towards the Jedi and the droid. Anakin walked straight, he did not look back just as his mother firmly told him to.
Qui-Gon and Anakin was the last to reach the Podracer Hangar and as they were about to cross the track towards the building, Obi-Wan came out shouting and pointing behind them.
Qui-Gon turned and saw someone cloaked in black riding a speederbike coming straight at them.
“Anakin, duck!” Qui-Gon yelled and uses the Force to stop the speederbike. The rider used the momentum to spring up high in the air and landed at the Jedi, their lightsabers already ignited and clashed at each other in a shower of sparks.
Obi-Wan yelled at the interior, “Take off now!” but as the starship began to leave the hangar, Jar-jar Binks jumped off the ramp and landed beside the padawan.
“What are you doing here? You’re supposed to install the hyperdrive…” Obi-Wan snapped at the Gungan.
“Messa got it already done! Youssa do your job, messa do mine.” Jar-jar said and ran out of the hangar and began climbing up onto the messa behind the Citadel.
Obi-Wan ran to help his master but Lady Crimos came out from above the hangar and leaped to engage him. “Now we can pick up where we left off.” Crimos snarled at him.
“As far as I can remember, we haven’t even started yet.” Obi-Wan retorted and the two became a blur of swirling blue and green blades.
The Starship took off and made a low pass allowing Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan to abandon their respective opponents and Force-leaped to the extended ramp as the ship flew higher.
Anakin came to the two Jedi, “Are you alright?”
“I’ll be fine, Anakin Skywalker, meet Obi-Wan Kenobi.” Qui-Gon said.
“You’re a Jedi too? Please to meet you!” Anakin smiled and cheerfully shook Obi-Wan’s hand. The younger Jedi gave a bemused look at his master who only grinned at the two of them.
Darth Maul and the Lady Crimos watches the Naboo Royal Starship leaves Mos Espa and flew up into the noon sky.


Chapter 40: The Galactic Capital

“Two ships hard on our tail.” Hoff Siege announced.
“Can we shake them? Or outrun?” Panaka inquired.
“I’m not familiar with their speed but we’re only a few minutes to get clear of the gravity well, we could make it.” Captain Olié said.
“Identifying the ships; one Ginivex-class starfighter Sweet Vengeance and an Amphibious Interstellar Assault Transport named Jaster’s Legacy.” Siege said.
“Bounty hunters, same group we encountered earlier.” Qui-Gon said.
“Captain, ten assorted ships planet side coming up ten clicks in the eastern pole!” another crew exclaimed. “They’re hailing us.”
“Patch it through speakers.” Captain Olié said.
“Hello youssa everybody! Messa back!” Jar-jar’s voice broke through the static.
“Jar-jar! Who are these people?” Panaka asked.
“Dessa my old pals from the Moviana Patriots, messa spotted them earlier watching the race.” Jar-jar answered.
“They’re presence is impeccable.” Siege grinned.
“Youssa make the jump, wessa gonna deal with them.” Jar-jar said as his ragtag fleet dove to engage the bounty hunters’ ships.
The attackers’ ships were already retreating from the battle as the Naboo Royal Starship finally made the jump to hyperspace.
* * *
Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan were down on engineering tech station and override controls checking on the instruments and how the new parts are interacting with the Nubian systems.
“Master, last night when you sent me the blood sample of the boy, I never got to tell you the readout results.” Obi-Wan said casually.
“Yes?” Qui-Gon glanced behind them and nodded at Obi-Wan.
“His midi-Chlorian count is extraordinary. It reached the ten thousand mark, the highest in our recorded history. Higher even to that of Mastery Yoda’s.” Obi-Wan revealed.
Qui-Gon paused and stared at his apprentice with mixed feelings and leaned on the wall and rubbed his beard. “We must take the boy to the Council.”
“Yes master.” Obi-Wan nodded.
Up on the main hold, Padmé went to the comm console and checked the last transmission from Naboo.
“The death toll is catastrophic… you must contact me…” Sio Bibble’s holograph hissed in static. A movement caught her attention and she saw Anakin curled in the corner shivering. She took a blanket and placed it over him and knelt before the boy.
“I’m cold.” Anakin gritted his teeth.
“I know, you came from a warm planet, space is really cold even for someone as accustomed as me.” Padmé nodded at him.
“I can bear the cold, only I…” Anakin hesitated.
“…miss your mother. I understand.” Padmé finished for him.
“Here, I made this for you so you won’t forget me, it’ll bring you luck.” Anakin gave her a japor snippet.
Anakin explained to Padmé that the carved rune was a traditional Tatooine symbol; the pendant itself was a crafted piece of a japor ivory wood with a string of jerba leather making it a necklace.
“I don’t need this just to remember you by. Anakin, we are going to the capital of the Republic. Once we get there many things would change in our lives but my care for you will remain.” Padmé said softly looking into his icy blue eyes.
Sometime later Padmé woke up Anakin and brought him to the cockpit and introduced him to the three Captains; Ric Olié, Panaka and Hoff Siege. She left him with them and went back inside the throne room.
“Reverting to real space.” Siege announced.
“Watch this Annie.” Ric Olié beamed and looking at the boy waiting for his facial reaction as the streaming streaks of light slowed and returned into the shapes of stars. A brightly lit planet loomed before them.
“Coruscant, the entire planet itself is one big city. This is the capital of the vast Galactic Republic.” Ric Olié explained to a wide-eyed Anakin.
After a few exchange of formalities with the spaceport tower they were directed to the special lane traffic route. Anakin was at a loss at which magnificent buildings to gawked at and admire.
“Look, there’s the Chancellor’s Platform, and there’s the Supreme Chancellor himself.” Ric Olié pointed down on the largest hovering landing platform. Anakin saw several tiny figures emerging from the larger blue transport and forming a line to await their landing.
Artoo Detoo rolled beside the boy Anakin and two trailed after the group of Royal Handmaidens. The Jedi Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan led the group followed closely by Captains Panaka and Siege who flanked Queen Amidala.
Aluva and the other Handmaidens slightly face outward, their eyes alert in every corner of their peripherals. Anakin could almost feel the subtle tenseness of their muscles. The closest to him were Padmé and Yané.
Artoo whirled his photoreceptors around and was overwhelmed by the teeming air traffic and countless life readings just within his maximum radius range.
Qui-Gon spoke to the Chancellor and Artoo partly heard the word Jedi Council before the Jedi called for Anakin and the boy left him with the Handmaidens.
Two air taxis were summoned and the Queen, Captain Panaka, Aluva and Rabé took the first cab. Padmé ushered Anakin and Artoo Detoo to the second cab with Captain Siege, Saché, Yané, Fé and Dané.
Behind them, as the cabs started to leave, Artoo saw Captain Ric Olié and his crew coming down the ramp and handed over their prisoner Aurra Sing to the Supreme Chancellor’s Republic Sentinels.
* * *
The Lady Sarc Crimos and Darth Maul stood inside the Scimitar facing the holographic projection of their master Darth Sidious.
“I’m beginning to lose faith with the both of you.” their master growled menacingly.
“I will not fail again my Master.” Darth Maul bowed.
“Let me just kill the bitc…” Crimos exclaimed.
“Silence!” Sidious snapped angrily at her. “You have repeatedly disappointed me Crimos. I am now seriously considering your termination.”
“I follow you only to the extent of my own whim. I am not your apprentice Lord Sidious, nor your hitman.” Crimos snarled, Darth Maul gave her a warning look but the former Nightsister ignored him.
“You delude yourself to think you act in your own volition.” Sidious chuckled, “I will give the two of you one last chance. Return to Naboo and help the Viceroy destroy the resistance and decimate Otoh Gunga, they finally located the hidden city. No more lose ends.” Sidious ordered.
Crimos nodded and left without a word, Darth Maul bowed and did not move. The door closed behind him and the Zabrak finally look up and met the Dark Lord’s gaze.
“Your lady friend is a loose-cannon. She is no longer of any use to me. I leave her to you.” Darth Sidious said.
Maul answered a millisecond slower than the other Sith expected, “Yes, my Master.”
“Is there hesitation somewhere in that yes of yours?” Sidious seemed to loom even closer at his apprentice.
“There is none, my lord.” Maul said at once.
“I sense a deep battle raging within your mind Lord Maul, I wonder if your feelings for this matter are clear.” Darth Sidious asked.
“I am open to you my Master.” Maul said.
“Or so you said. Now be gone.” Sidious snorted.
* * *
Artoo Detoo rolled to the wide transparisteel window and looked out at the sprawling megalopolis before him. His photoreceptor took the sights in and stored it in his memory cells.
He felt a certain kinship with Coruscant. Artoo Detoo regarded the planet as a haven for his kind, a technological marvel that comprises of two worlds in perfect co-existence, biological and mechanical.
Hoff Siege came out of the shower and was drying his hair when he saw the droid looking out at the cityscape.
“Marvelous isn’t it?” Hoff commented and Artoo beeped in agreement.
“The Queen is getting ready to address the Senate. I am assigned to escort duty. Sabé will be here with Yané and Fé to rest, don’t wander off, this is a big city, a planet city, I’ll be damned if I have to search for you in this rock.” Hoff smiled as he went to his room to get dressed.
Artoo was half attentive but his auditory receptor have heard it and stored it in his command database.
Artoo thought of Anakin and tried to contact the boy in his designated room but there was no answer. The droid moaned and surmised that perhaps Annie was still at the Jedi Temple with Master Qui-Gon Jinn and padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Hoff came out of his room dressed in his neatly pressed Naboo pilot’s uniform, “See you later Artoo.”
Artoo acknowledged and return his gaze on the window. Across the obsidian tower straight ahead he saw a flash of explosion and spotted a familiar ship hovering by the outside firing at that building’s wall.
Artoo zoomed in on his scopes and took a visual match search in his ship models and IDs database.
A match came out at once. It was the Jaster’s Legacy. Artoo squealed in surprise and hurried to the terminal socket in Hoff’s room and logged in there and drew a record of that building.
It was called The GRID, the Galactic Republic Intelligence Division.
Artoo groaned in realization, it was where the Sentinels have taken Aurra Sing and the traitor Jace Muga, he remembered overhearing Hoff and Panaka talking about it when they were ushered here in this room earlier.
Artoo rushed to the blastdoor but as he was about to tap the control locks, it slid open and three Royal Handmaidens stepped in.
“Hello Artoo, where are you going?” Sabé greeted him.
Artoo beeped a quick reply and hurriedly rolled out on the corridor towards the turbolift.
Artoo came out on the vast Senate Plaza and saw the Jaster’s Legacy already climbing up in the sky and escaping.
The droid moaned, and realized what he just did, his logic circuits were at a loss to provide him a plausible explanation as to why he rushed out of their quarters and intended to head off towards the GRID.
Artoo was confused, why would he do that? Even if he did get there, what could he possibly do against a pair of Mandalorian and former Jedi bounty hunters?
The standard protocol for such illogical dilemmas is a summary memory wipe and a thorough reprogramming. To Artoo’s own surprise, a large part of him decided against such options.
Artoo swiveled his dome and his gaze rested on the gargantuan mushroom shaped Galactic Senate Building. The exterior of the building was highly distinctive and aside from being massive, it was also surrounded by an expanse of leveled parks making it even more prominent in every angle.
Artoo rolled across the Senate Plaza, on the other side of the ground traffic lane at the eastern side of the Senate building were the infamous Garden of Equality and across it, the Garden of Justice.
There Artoo could discern a heavy presence of Republic Guards and Commandos milling about. He could also identify uniformed private guards of various Senators and Republic Officials here and there.
Artoo turned around and oriented himself facing the larger and more expansive Avenue of the Core Founders which extends from the Senate Building’s Great Door and outward farther than edge of the Gardens of Equality and Justice.
Artoo’s musings was interrupted when the comlink Hoff provided him beeped an incoming call.
It was from Hoff himself. “Artoo, I told you not to wander off too far! Where are you now?” Captain Siege asked.
Artoo told him he was just outside by the Senate Plaza but decided to tell about seeing the Jaster’s Legacy rescuing Aurra Sing later.
“Alright then, hurry up and come back here, the Queen has just returned from the Grand Convocation Chamber. Captain Panaka has called for a briefing, Queen Amidala is planning something.” Hoff told Artoo.
Artoo chirped an affirmative and started his way back into the Senate District.
* * *
Artoo Detoo scurried back and forth from one side of the table to another as he handed out datapads to the seated humans on one of the many secured conference rooms in the Senate Building.
A pair of the Queen’s ship crew stood guard by the doorway while Aluva D’asima and Sabé stood on each side of Queen Amidala who seated at the head of the table. Directly opposite her on the other end was Senator Palpatine, seated on his right was his aide Sate Pestage and on his left, another aide Kinman Doriana.
Beside Pestage sat Captain Hoff Siege and Jedi Obi-Wan Kenobi, on the other side of the table with Doriana were Captain Panaka and Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn. The rest of the Queen’s Royal Handmaidens stood even spaced around the conference room.
Artoo move to stay beside the wall where Anakin Skywalker sat in silence. The boy’s mood was somehow sullen since he and the Jedi got back from the Jedi Temple. Artoo tried to ask him earlier but Annie won’t say a word. Artoo guessed that the boy wasn’t accepted by the Jedi Council.
“Where’s Padmé?” Anakin leaned to whisper at Artoo. The droid silently beeped a reply telling him that she must have gone to their ship. Anakin once again looked around at the faces of the Handmaidens and his gaze rested for a second to the Queen herself, then he shrugs and stayed quiet. Artoo faced the group and began recording.
“Senator Palpatine, I am thankful for your help but with the way the Senate is acting on my request…” Queen Amidala started to say but Palpatine raised a hand to speak.
“I understand Your Highness. I assure you that things will be moving faster now that I have been nominated to replace Supreme Chancellor Valorum…” Palpatine beamed but Queen Amidala returned the favor and interjected.
“And who are the other nominees?” the Queen asked.
“Senator Bail Prestor Organa of Alderaan, although, the vote was intended for his predecessor Bail Antilles, most of the senators did not yet know that Bail Antilles has retired and was replaced by the Prince of Alderaan.” Kinman Doriana answered.
“The other one is Senator Asks Moe of Malastare.” Sate Pestage added.
“Her Majesty, the voting will start tomorrow and I assure you that we have the sympathy vote. I will be Supreme Chancellor.” Palpatine smiled at her.
“Congratulations.” Queen Amidala said flatly, “I’m afraid it would be too late for our people by the time the Senate declares you their new leader. Even as we speak a battle rages on across Naboo. Our allies from the private sector and our very own loyalist are starting to lose, they do not have enough weapons and supplies and manpower to last against the numerous army of the Trade Federation. I just learned the Viceroy Gunray has announced to execute one Advisory Council every day starting tomorrow if I don’t sign his treaty. It is a direct affront to our sovereignty and a violation to our rights under the Republic. Your Senate’s lack of response to this is bringing Naboo down to its end. I must find a new avenue of solutions, outside the help of the Republic.”
“But Your Highness…” Palpatine’s brows creased but a tone interrupted them and the voice of Captain Ric Olié spoke through the speakers.
“Forgive me for the interruption Your Highness, but we are receiving an urgent holo transmission straight from Naboo.” Ric said.
“Impossible, the communications are down and only the Trade Federation has access…” Sate frowned but stopped at Senator Palpatine shot him a reprimanding look.
“It’s coming from our Underground contacts.” Ric specified.
“We’ll take the call here.” Queen Amidala ordered.
The one foot holographic projection of Jar-jar Binks and Captain Kiel appeared before them at the center of the table facing the Queen.
“Your Highness, the underground resistance was forced to retreat out of the cities, the Viceroy has landed thousands more of his droid army, we can no longer withstand such forces.” Captain Kiel said.
“Dessa other news too Youssa Highness, the Moviana Patriots has also fallen back, dessa lost three fourths of dessa fleet. It will take time for their reinforcements to reach Naboo, time wessa no have.” Jar-jar added.
“Your Majesty, I suggest you order our… allies to stand down and open for a negotiation. This conflict is getting out of hand.” Palpatine proposed.
“Otoh Gunga was been decimated as well, thousands of Gungans have been killed in the attack but Jar-jar here has made contact with Boss Rugor Nass, millions of them still got away and are now hiding.” Kiel nodded at Jar-jar to continue.
“Messa struck a deal with ussa Captain Tarpals. Dessa bosses have agreed to consider an alliance with the Naboo. Only if Boss Nass issa gonna speak with Your Highness in person.” Jar-jar said.
Queen Amidala stared at the Gungan and Captain Kiel then nodded. “Senator Palpatine, this is your arena. I must return now to mine. I have decided to go back to Naboo. My place is with my people.”
Palpatine stood up in alarm, “Go back? But Your Majesty, please be realistic. Your life will be in grave danger. They will force you to sign their treaty. You can’t possibly trust this Gungan. He was one of the Chommell Patriots. He is in league with the late Gantu Onu Raltos!” Palpatine protested.
“I trust the Gungan with my life. I will sign no treaty. My fate will be no different from that of my people.” Amidala stood up and nodded at Panaka, “Captain, ready my ship.”
The guard crew opened the door as the Queen and her entourage started to leave. Palpatine followed her, “Please, Your Majesty, stay here where it’s safe.”
Queen Amidala suddenly whirled to face him, Palpatine was startled he took a step back. “No place is safe, if the Senate doesn’t condemn this invasion. It is clear to me now that the Republic no longer functions. If you win the election Senator, I know you will do everything possible to stop the Trade Federation. I pray you will find a way to restore sanity and compassion to the Republic.”
Behind the Senator, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan grinned and followed after them. Palpatine turn to face his aides in resignation. Artoo Detoo was the last to leave but as he was making the exit he thought he saw the Senator smiling.
Artoo shrugs off what he thought he saw, he’s been having glitches all day since they arrived here at the capital.

Chapter 41: Vergence in the Force

The airtaxi landed at the public landing pad of the Temple Precinct by the start of the Processional Way leading across the Temple court to the Main Entrance of the Jedi Temple itself.
“There it is Annie, the Jedi Temple.” Qui-Gon Jinn said as Obi-Wan helped Anakin out of the airtaxi.
“Wow! It’s so huge!” Anakin gasped. Obi-Wan placed a hand on the kid’s shoulder and smiled.
“I could let the cab drop us by the entrance itself but I’d rather have you take the long walk from here on the Processional Way, you’d feel more in touch with the Temple that way.” Qui-Gon said as he led Anakin on the long walk. Obi-Wan nodded in agreement.
“The Jedi Order is as old as the Galactic Republic, for thousands of years the Jedi served as the pillars of stability and order. Much of these you will eventually learn in the course of your training.” Qui-Gon said and nodded at Obi-Wan.
“This wide avenue we are walking on is called the Processional Way. It marks the long path of discipline and preparation to attain readiness for the Teachings of the Force.” Obi-Wan said to the boy, remembering himself when he first learned about it from Master Yoda.
“There used to be six magnificent statues lined across this very road. They were the six esteemed Jedi Masters, three of which were Masters Ooroo, Arca Jeth and Odan-Urr…” Qui-Gon indicated the side of the avenue.
“What happened to them?” Anakin asked.
“Their statues has been destroyed during the war against the Sith over three thousand six hundred years ago and it has never been rebuilt since then. All that was left are the effigies of the Four Masters, the great founders of the Jedi Order, up there in the end of the Processional Way right before the Main Entrance.” Qui-Gon pointed ahead of them at the four massive statues up in the broad stairs.
Anakin gawked. “Wizard!”
“Those are the statues of Masters Garon Jard and Cala Brin, the two Sage Masters, Jedi who focuses on mediation and studies. The other ones were Masters Rajivari and Ters Sendon, the two Warrior Masters, the upholders of the balance of the Force. Much of these and the intricate duties and types of Jedi will be…” Qui-Gon explained as Anakin spoke up.
“…taught to me in the course of my training,” Anakin gave him a lopsided grin.
Qui-Gon looked at Obi-Wan and chuckled lightly, “Precisely.”
The trio reached the stairs and Anakin saw for the first time how massive the statues were, behind the statues, twelve massive slabs of obsidian mixed with other stones in three rows of four pillars towered before them. Carved at the outer pillars were the same Four Masters.
A lone dark brown furred Togorian Jedi stood at the center of the Main entrance facing them, his feline features seemed relaxed but Qui-Gon knew it was poised for action at any given time. The Jedi held a two-meter long metal staff, the upper tip of which was in fact a lightsaber.
“That is Master J’garru. He is our esteemed Gate Master. He oversees the Jedi Peace Keepers tasked to guard and protect the Temple. He is also the head of the Temple Security Force.” Qui-Gon said and bowed to the taller Jedi as they come closer to him.
“Master J’garru, I’d like you to meet Anakin Skywalker.” Qui-Gon introduced the boy. The Togorian’s eyes moved to regard him but said nothing. Then the large Jedi stepped aside and allowed them to pass.
“I’ve seen one or two Togorians before back home but not as scary as he is.” Anakin whispered to Obi-Wan. Qui-Gon laughed heartily as they entered the Great Hall.
Anakin was once again dumbfounded and his jaws dropped in awe at the almost magical interior of the Jedi Temple. The two Jedi patiently waited for Anakin’s initial admiration to pass before proceeding on leading him to the turbolift to the northwestern tower.
Anakin saw hundreds of Jedi from children younger than him to old ones, from humans to species he had never seen before in his entire life.
Most of those they pass by bowed and greeted Qui-Gon and some even on Obi-Wan. There were occasions that some Jedi smiled or actually greets Anakin, much to his surprise. By the time they reached the northwestern turbolifts, Anakin’s face was already red from blushing especially from the female ones.
“What if the Jedi Council doesn’t like me?” Anakin suddenly asked as they waited for the turbolift. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan looked at each other and the younger Jedi answered his question.
“Anakin, you are the most likable person I’ve ever met.” Obi-Wan said honestly.
The turbolift opened and Master Dooku came out and was surprised to see his former apprentice.
“Ah Master Jinn, you have returned.” Dooku beamed, his deep voice partly startled Anakin.
Dooku smiled at Obi-Wan and ruffled Anakin’s sandy hair and strode off without another word.
“He seems to be in a hurry.” Obi-Wan said, his voice hinted a touch of regret and Qui-Gon patted him on the back as they got inside.
“Master Dooku is an eccentric Jedi. He must be off on an urgent mission. Don’t worry Obi-Wan, I will one day get to finally introduce you properly and formally to him.” Qui-Gon smiled and Obi-Wan nodded reluctantly.
“Master Dooku was Master Qui-Gon’s master.” Obi-Wan said to Anakin when he saw the boy’s confused look.
“Oh.” Anakin nodded.
Anakin almost lost his balance as the turbolift rocketed upward, he covered his ears as the pressure mounted but Qui-Gon touched him and somehow the disorientation ceased. Moments later the tube opened into an empty hallway.
“You are unaccustomed to such heights Anakin, it’s perfectly understandable.” Obi-Wan said to him as he leads him out of the turbolift.
They entered the Jedi Temple Map Room and there were a few Jedi milling around the circular chamber, at the center was a large holomap of the entire galaxy. Anakin move closer by the railing and his eyes drank on the colorful projections.
“There’s so many of them, more than the stars I saw back home.” Anakin gasped.
“Anakin, I’d like you to stay here for a while as we make our report to the Council. Stay here alright?” Qui-Gon said to him seriously.
Obi-Wan crouched in his one knee and added, “You can also enjoy the sights outside through any of the three Contemplation Stations.”
“Anakin, this is Jedi Master Jurokk, from the Jedi Temple Security Force, like Master J’garru. Just tell him if you need anything until we get back to you alright?” Qui-Gon said introducing him to one of the Jedi in the room.
“Hello, Anakin, do you want to see the city from the Contemplation Station?” Jurokk led Anakin to one of the veranda and nodded at the two Jedi.
“See you later!” Anakin smiled at Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan as the two went up to the Jedi Council Chamber above the Map Room.
* * *
“I have never been to Tatooine, but I do hear stories about it from the others. Have you seen a krayt dragon? I am most curious about them you see; I have this fascination with large creatures… actually any creatures at all, from microscopic life forms to the fabled Oswafts of the ThonBoka nebula.” Jurokk admitted to Anakin as they leaned by the railing on the Contemplation Station facing the Tranquility Spire rising at the center of the Jedi Temple.
“I haven’t exactly encountered one since I am not allowed to wander outside Mos Espa. I was a slave you know, me and my mom. It has been my biggest dream to be free. It would have been better if mom was freed too.” Anakin mused.
Jurokk nodded in understanding and empathy, he placed an arm over the boy’s shoulder, “I was a slave too Anakin. Although in my case I was but an infant that time, I was taken early by the Jedi.  I was told that our entire village has been burned and everyone was slain. I guess you were luckier to have known who your mother was, experience the love of a parent.”
“I’m sorry to hear that Master Jurokk.” Anakin said to him.
“I will be honest with you Anakin, you are almost ten now right? It will not be easy for you to be accepted by the Council. Most Jedi were taken in during their infancy. But do not let my warning dampen your hopes my child, there are in fact cases when such situation are overlooked… or exempted.” Jurokk informed him.
“Will I truly be able to move objects and do some cool stuff that all Jedi do?” Anakin asked earnestly.
“In due time Anakin, I’m sure you have great potential, otherwise Master Qui-Gon himself wouldn’t have bothered to bring you here all the way from Tatooine.” Jurokk nodded at him.
“I just won on a Podracing back home, it must be one of the reason Master Qui-Gon decided I ought to be a Jedi.” Anakin said.
“Really? That is great Anakin, you are the first human I’ve ever known to race the pods… and win!” Jurokk congratulated him.
“I wish I could tell the future, I’d be able to help a lot of people if I could see the future.” Anakin mused.
“Ah the Force offers us a wide variety of gifts to explore… and excel. There are telepaths, masters of telekinesis, illusions, visions, precognition, Force-manipulation, shatterpoint seers, healing, Force-communing and many other special abilities. Who knows, maybe your powers lies in precognition, that same talent that enables you to pilot a Podracer. If I am to posses such gift I’d want to see my death, so that I can face it with dignity. If you’ll ask me, I’d rather go down with a fight, against a worthy opponent.” Jurokk said distantly.
“I’m sure you’ll win if that enemy comes. Or at least, if it was your death, you would take him down with you.” Anakin suggested and looked at the Jedi’s eyes.
“That would be really something isn’t it? I remember reading in the archives about a Jedi who lived several thousand years ago who managed to move an entire planet out of its orbit. Although many masters, including Master Yoda himself, claims it was just a metaphor but he winked at me when he said that.” Jurokk nodded.
“Wow!” Anakin’s round eyes somehow grew even bigger much to the amusement of Master Jurokk.
“Anakin?” Obi-Wan came to join them.
“The Council will see you now.” Qui-Gon said coming from behind Obi-Wan. Anakin shook hands with Master Jurokk and rejoined the two. Master Jinn bowed at his fellow master as they took the boy up to meet the twelve Jedi Council Masters of their Order.
* * *
Qui-Gon Jinn accompanied Anakin Skywalker into the Jedi Council Chamber while Obi-Wan Kenobi stayed by the doorway.
“Relax Annie. They will just ask you questions and all you need to do is be honest… and polite.” Qui-Gon added the last quickly and grinned at him reassuringly.
“If you say so,” Anakin took a deep breath and they stepped inside and stopped at the center of the circular room.
Anakin nervously looked around, the curved transparisteel windows were high and wide and almost served as the walls of the chamber as well. Five glinting metallic pillars were spaced around the chamber to support the dome above and contain the power lines of wide-ranged antennas that comprised in appearance as the crown of the Tranquility Spire.
The intricate leafy designs on the floor were symmetrical symbolizing equality and harmony of the Jedi, the Order and the Force. Twelve chairs were arrange around the chamber facing to the center, the only gap was that the space in front of the metal door.
What caused Anakin’s nervousness were those seated on each of the varying size and shapes of those twelve chairs.
“At the center, leave the boy, Master Qui-Gon.” The little green bipedal alien with big round eyes and large pointed ears waved his three stubby clawed fingers.
Jedi Master Mace Windu began the questioning without preamble and asked Anakin a series of basic questions; his name, age, homeworld, parentage, studies and hobbies. The former slave boy answered everything at once until the Korun Master finally nodded as Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi leaned forward from his seat and continued the questioning.
The Cerean asked the boy about his personalities, his experience as a slave, as a racer, his dreams and his unusual experiences with the use or assistance of the Force. Although Anakin did not knew it then, the more he relay his past experiences, the more he realizes how it was all attributed to the Force and thought how could he have missed that possibility.
The rest of the Council took turns in questioning him. Eeth Koth prodded him about his friends on Tatooine, the people there and his relationship with all of them in both personally and socially.
Plo Koon focused on his talent with machines, Oppo Rancisis on his relationship with Watto and to other slave masters he was in constant dealing. Master Even Piel inquired of him about his dreams and how he interprets them while Yaddle grilled him about his goals, aspirations for his future.
Yarael Poof asked him about his beliefs, philosophy and although Anakin was too young to have a full set of belief and concept about such matters, he openly gave out his opinions of such matters if he has one. Adi Gallia interviewed him about his experience as a racer from his first race to his championship, about his thoughts and what he have learned through it all.
Depa Bilaba centered her probing on Anakin’s experience, thoughts, and such in regard to his meeting Qui-Gon and the others and his experience with them from the first time in the junkshop to his stay here on Coruscant.
Anakin answered honestly and as polite as we could to the Council’s and from the doorway of the antechamber, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan silently nodded in satisfaction at Anakin’s responses and composure.
Yoda was staring at Anakin the whole time. Anakin somehow felt those green eyes boring into his soul, exposing him from his hiding and his secret, leaving him naked and open before all the Jedi Masters gathered around them.
“Do you know what this is?” Master Windu asked him producing a pad on a handle and showing it to the boy.
“Is it some kind of a datapad? …on a stick.” Anakin guessed.
“This is a Testing Screen, random common objects and things will be displayed here and you are to identify them without looking at the display.” Master Windu explained.
“You want me to guess…” Anakin asked.
“Guess it, you will not. Identify it, you will. Calm your inner storm and know it, you will.” Yoda explained.
Still a bit doubtful, Anakin bear one thing in mind, this is his test to become what he has always dreamed of, to become a Jedi. “Alright, I’ll do it.”
Mace Windu activated the Testing Screen and nodded at the boy.
Anakin closed his eyes, did his best to calm himself, think of nothing else then opened his eyes and stared directly at the round power cell cap at the center of the Testing Screen’s pad.
“A ship, a cup… a speeder, a comlink…” Anakin ranted every image that came to his mind and finally after a full minute of non-stop identifying it all, Masters Windu, Yoda and Ki-Adi-Mundi nodded at each other.
“Perfect record, the boy is good.” The Cerean Jedi commented.
“How feel are you?” Yoda asked, ignoring the result of the test.
“Cold, sir.” Anakin admitted.
“Afraid are you?” Yoda probed searching out through the boy’s racing mind.
“No sir.” Anakin denied defensively.
“See through you we can.” Yoda warned him.
“Be mindful of your feelings.” Mace Windu added.
“Your thoughts dwell on your mother.” Ki-Adi-Mundi mused.
“I miss her.” Anakin nodded at the Cerean.
“Afraid to lose her, I think.” Yoda concluded.
Annoyed, Anakin growled, “What does that go to do with anything?”
“Everything!” Yoda leaned forward, eyes intense; his presence seemed to dominate the entire chamber without even appearing to straighten up before him. “Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate. Hate… leads to suffering.”
“I am not afraid.” Anakin said with firm conviction.
“Yes, you will be. You will be.” Yoda grinned for the first time, and Anakin felt the chill in his bones crawling through him all of a sudden.
After that Anakin, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan was told to leave the Jedi Council Chamber for a moment as the Masters deliberated and in no less than a minute the trio was back once more.
Anakin stood at the center once more, with Qui-Gon a few steps behind him and to the master’s side his apprentice Obi-Wan.
“Unanimous the deliberation is, Master Qui-Gon. Agree we are about the boy’s power.” Yoda started.
“His cells contain a very high concentration of midi-Chlorians than any ever recorded.” Mace Windu added.
“The Force is undoubtedly strong in him.” Ki-Adi-Mundi nodded in agreement.
Qui-Gon Jinn beamed with excitement, “He is to be trained then?”
“No. He will not be trained.” Mace Windu said flatly as he leaned back on his chair, his face daring the other Master to challenge his decision.
Qui-Gon did challenge their decision. “No?” he stepped forward to stand directly behind the boy and touched Anakin’s shoulders. Anakin’s face paled in disbelief and Obi-Wan looked at his master with mixed emotions.
“He is too old. There’s already too much anger in him.” the Korun Master stated.
“He is the Chosen One! You must see it!” Qui-Gon said vehemently.
“Clouded this boy’s future is, masked by his youth.” Yoda said contemplatively. “Of your feelings, be mindful, Master Jinn, hrmm!”
“I will train him then.” Qui-Gon declared, “I take Anakin Skywalker as my Padawan learner.”
“An apprentice you already have, Qui-Gon, impossible to take another.” Yoda reminded him.
“We forbid it.” Mace Windu added at once.
“Obi-Wan is ready,” Qui-Gon stated.
“I am ready to face the trials.” Obi-Wan said to back-up his master’s claim.
“Obi-Wan is headstrong, and he has much to learn still about the Living Force, but he is capable. There is little more he can learn from me.” Qui-Gon proclaimed.
“Our own counsel we will keep as to who is ready, Qui-Gon. More to learn he has.” Yoda shook his head slowly.
“Now is not the time for this. The senate will vote tomorrow for the new Supreme Chancellor. We are informed that Queen Amidala intends to go home, which will put pressure to the Trade Federation and could widen the confrontation…”
The Jedi Council and Master Jinn discussed more about the upcoming chain of events that might lead to an actual war between the Naboo and the Trade Federation in the next couple of minutes. Obi-Wan led Anakin out of the chamber and waited for Qui-Gon on the Contemplation Station.
Obi-Wan saw how hard the boy tries to keep himself from crying. He felt for the boy’s plight. He remembered his own youth when he was waiting to be chosen by a Master for apprenticeship. Obi-Wan placed a hand on Anakin and the boy came to him and cried as he buries his face on the young Jedi’s robe.

Chapter 42: The Queen, the Boss and the Viceroy

Nym, Reti, Vana Sage, Rhys Dallows, Clynt Resnon, Captain Kael stood on the landing pad at the roof of the partially restored central ziggurat in the Jafanara Ruins. Even Borvo the Hutt was there after Reti struck a business deal with the Hutt, a precarious one but good enough for the Hutt to commit his private army and release his Naboo slaves for their temporary allegiance to Nym’s forces, the Moviana Patriots and to the Naboo… and now with the Gungans too… hopefully.
A few days before the Trade Federation attacked the underwater city of the Gungans, Reti managed to sweet talk Borvo to hear out his insane business proposal, one that later enraged both Nym, Resnon and Captain Kael.
The Toydarian offered the Hutt a semi-exclusive trade rights to the outlying cities and towns of Naboo, those that were outside the reserved trading places for Nym’s and Resnon’s people, which would all take effect once the blockade conflict is resolved in favor of the Naboo.
The deal isn’t binding yet, they still needed the clearance of Captain Panaka, Governor Sio Bibble and the Seal of Approval by Queen Amidala. That part of the proposed contract would be dealt with finality by the Queen, after the crisis. The Queen assured Reti that she will ratify that proposal the moment they got out of the impending war against the Trade Federation.
It was an assurance good enough for Borvo the Hutt who in hopes to gain more favor in the eyes of the Queen sent his men past the blockade to convince his kin Jiliac, Zorba and Ziro to lend him their own private armies for the time being.
Nym on the other hand made an equally dangerous but much needed ally from the underground criminal organization Black Sun. A few days before Yanth the Hutt, a Vigo of Black Sun, was mysteriously killed in Coruscant, Nym had collected a favor on the Hutt in the form of smuggling about two thousand Black Sun mercenaries into Naboo to temporarily serve under the command of Nym.
The larger remainder of the Moviana Patriots had also reported to Clynt Resnon that they had just left Moviana and were now cruising in hyperspace towards the Chommell Sector to help them against the Trade Federation.
Standing alone with them were the Gungans Jar-jar-Binks, Captain Roos Tarpals, Major Fassa, General Tablos Ceer, Boss Rugor Nass and his High Council members Rep Teers, Rep Slarm, Rep Lyonie and Rep Been.
“Dessa should better be for real, Jar-jar.” Tarpals growled as he waited impatiently for the arrival of the Queen of Naboo.
“Easy Roos, messa just spoken to Captain Olié, they already emerged from hyperspace a minute ago.” Jar-jar assured his old friend, former nemesis and new ally.
Boss Nass looked down at the mix of people below the high ziggurat. This was the first time that any of them has seen such a sight. Thousands of Gungans and humans and few other species were busy stacking crates of ammunitions, assembling cannons, arming and cleaning several war vehicles and armored and armed creatures.
“Looks like your negotiations are just mere formality Boss Nass.” Nym stood beside the broad Gungan.
“Messa need to hear it from da Queen herself, wessa gonna fight on our own if wessa have to.” Boss Nass rumbled.
“You can’t fool me Boss Nass. I can see in your eyes that you have already made your decision. When the droid army decimated your city, I knew at once that you will finally come out of your pacifist cocoon and fight with us.” Nym told him.
Rugor looked at the Freeorin and snorted.
“See! Deyssa there!” Jar-jar exclaimed excitedly and pointed at the sky above them.
Everyone looked up, saw the tiny shape that was the Naboo Royal Starship and flying in defensive escort formation around her were the entire Bravo Squadron and the Vengeance Squadron.
The group stood back as the majestic starship descended and landed smoothly on the landing pad they were in. The two squadrons broke formation and headed deeper into the thick forest where the rest of the remaining starfighters of the Moviana Patriots, Nym’s forces and that of the Naboo underground were grounded for repairs, refueling and re-arming.
Jar-jar stepped forward as the starship’s hatch slid open and the ramp came down with a hiss of hydraulics.
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi were the first to come down followed shortly by Captains Panaka and Hoff Siege.
Next were Aluva D’asima with the boy Anakin and Artoo Detoo, behind strode Queen Amidala in a battle dress of crimson long skirt draped with a dark purple surcoat and a broad waistband. Her hair was covered by a braided royal crown similar to that of her Palace red gown.
The rest of her Royal Handmaidens flanked her as usual and the last to leave the ship were Captain Ric Olié and five of his ship crew.
Jar-jar and the others bowed to Queen Amidala in greeting then move to introduce the Queen to Boss Rugor Nass.
“Dessa outcast says wessa should help the Naboo. Youssa very well know messa stand in this. We do not care about the Naboo…” Boss Nass started to say and held out a massive hand to stop the Queen from reacting.
“…But, dessa army of maccaneks attacked and destroyed our thousand year old city, killed hundreds of oussa people, young and old. Dessa Gungans are ussa crying for blood… or oil. Wessa gonna fight the army of maccaneks, wessa still number to a million!” Boss Nass finished.
“That is why we are here Your Highness. We have come for you as equals…” Queen Amidala said but one of the Royal Handmaiden stepped forward which startled most of them except the Queen, the other Handmaidens, Panaka and Hoff.
“Whossa are youssa?” Boss Nass growled, unsure whether to be angered or not for her interruption.
“Your Majesty, I am Queen Amidala. This is my protection, my decoy, my loyal bodyguard.” Padmé Naberrie admitted. Qui-Gon, Obi-wan and Anakin looked at each other in disbelief.
“I am sorry for the deception but given the circumstances I am sure you can all understand.” Padmé explained, “Although our people do not always agree, Your Honor, we have always lived in peace, until now. The Trade Federation and their droid army have destroyed all that we have worked so hard to build. If we do not act quickly, all that we held of value will be lost completely.”
“I ask you to help us. No, I beg you to help us. We are your humble servants. Our fate is in your hands.” Padmé kneeled before Boss Nass. Her company did the same, even the Jedi and the boy. Jar-jar nodded in admiration and faced his leader and kneeled down as well.
Boss Rugor Nass was astounded and at first unable to speak. When he got the voice, he asked the real Queen, “Youssa no thinking that youssa greater than the Gungans?”
Padmé shook her head.
“Hah!” Boss Nass heaved a booming hysterical laugh.
The Gungan leader shook his massive mouth, his thick cheeks shaking, his drool flying, “Messa like this! Maybe, wessa can be… friends.”
The real Queen Amidala stood and they all came to each other giving warm greetings and introductions to those who only first met the other.
Padmé, Boss Nass, the two Jedi, her captains, Nym and his friends, Jar-jar Binks and the other Gungan military and council leaders all went inside the central ziggurat’s rebuilt main hall to discuss tactics and logistics.
* * *
“Viceroy, the Queen’s starship got past our blockade, a small fleet of starfighters covered their planet fall. We lost them on the radar.” One of the Saak’ak crew reported.
“A hundred battleships in your disposal and you can’t even catch one small starship… twice!” Lady Sarc Crimos snorted.
“From what I’ve heard you failed more than once on Tatooine to get the Queen yourself.” Gunray retorted.
“Well, will you look at that? This one Neimoidian is evolving ahead of his kind! Viceroy, you’re getting braver by the day.” Crimos narrowed her blue and red eyes. The Neimoidian visibly cringed but composed himself at once.
“Sir, Lord Sidious!” the tech officer informed them.
Darth Maul knelt at once, Viceroy Nute Gunray bowed as the image of Darth Sidious appeared but Lady Crimos remained standing.
The Dark Lord of the Sith saw Crimos’ defiance but ignored her for the meantime and addressed the Trade Federation Viceroy instead.
“Report.” The image rasped.
“The Queen’s starship has landed in one of the forests of Naboo. I am now deploying all of our droid army reserves to search the entire planet. I will take no chances now.” Gunray stated.
“This is an unexpected move for her. Lord Maul, be mindful, the Jedi has gone back with her.” Sidious regarded the Zabrak.
“More ships have been slipping off the blockade in the past few days. If I count the filed reports there must be a sizable fleet already down there. The Moviana Patriots turned out to have acquired more allies since we murdered their founders in Alderaan.” Crimos added as Gunray gave her a fearful look.
“And you fail to mention this to me Viceroy?” Sidious growled menacingly.
“Forgive me Lord Sidious! I only thought they were hardly a threat against our entire droid armada.” Gunray groveled.
“Another thing Viceroy, the Gungans survived, I told you to eliminate them all!” Sidious snapped angrily.
“We have surrounded the lake, no one got out!” Gunray exclaimed fearfully.
“Naboo has a labyrinth of underwater tunnels throughout the planet from surface to core!” Sidious spat.
“The Naboo has more allies now, Nym’s forces, the Patriots, the mysterious Order of the Sanctuary and two Jedi.” Crimos muttered.
“Enough! You also have much to answer to me Crimos! This is your last chance to prove your usefulness to me.” Sidious growled at her.
“Whatever.” Crimos crossed her arms defiantly.
“Viceroy, they must not succeed, wipe them out, all of them.” Sidious commanded and his image faded.
“You will take me down to Theed.” Darth Maul said staring straight at the terrified eyes of Viceroy Nute Gunray.
* * *
Boss Nass took Jar-jar with him deeper into the jungles of Negotta. The trees there rose up to a hundred feet and their mighty boles and branches were almost intertwined with its neighboring trees, here the thick canopy of leaves hardly allowed sunlight to go through.
Almost a hundred impressive fambaas were there being fitted with fambaa shields and drum assemblies. Herds of falumpasets, kaadus and even the fierce narglatchs and saw-toothed granks were being tethered and saddled by the swarming Gungan army.
“Youssa have done well Jar-jar, youssa have join the Naboo and the Gungans together! Messa gonna make you Captain of the ussa Grand Army!” Boss Nass beamed proudly.
“No, no, no, no okiedey? If youssa gonna give me command then ussa be better off as ussa Bombad General!” Jar-jar shook his head.
“General? Hah! You ask too much Jar-jar!” Boss Nass laughed.
“Messa been fighting dessa maccaneks since dessa invasion began! Messa the only Gungan here who has the experience.” Jar-jar grabbed the collars of Boss Nass.
Rugor and Jar-jar stared down at each other. The other Gungans within earshot stopped at what they were doing and looked at them.
Jar-jar released his grip on the Gungan leader but did not lower his gaze at him. Rugor brushed his robe and nodded at the outcast then smiled and then laughed.
“Messa gonna make you Bombad General!”
“Now that issa what messa saying.” Jar-jar pointed a finger at Boss Nass and the two went to the makeshift tent where Captain Tarpals and Major Fassa were studying a holomap of the Great Plains of Naboo.
Artoo Ethree highlighted the Gekasoo Creek and the small stream that ran almost half across the central slopes of the Grassy Plains, Major Fassa was pointing out an underground tunnel some fifty feet beneath the ground parallel to the stream.
Boss Nass informed Captain Tarpals and Major Fassa about the appointment of Jar-jar. Roos and Fassa accepted it easily as if they were already expecting it to happen, they then started to relay to Jar-jar their initial plans and the former outcast reviewed them and adjusted several details and added some of his own.
Back in the Jafanara Ruins, another war council was in deep discussion. Queen Amidala, the real one, still in her Handmaiden Battle Dress were explaining to everyone inside the conference room about her plan to sneak into the palace and capture the Viceroy in her own throne room.
Artoo Detoo was called in to show them the holographic layout of Theed and the palace interior.
Qui-Gon Jinn studied the holomap and conversed with Captain Panaka about all possible entry and exit points in the palace.
Obi-Wan along with Aluva went down the ziggurat and gathered Nym’s people and theirs and started to divide their troops to confuse the droid army. The young Jedi explained that the first half of the Gungan Grand Army were to draw out as many of the droid ground forces out in the Great Plains while the second half would make themselves seen on the other side of Theed.
Captains Olié and Siege met with the leader of Vengeance squadron and with the current head of the Moviana Patriots to plan the aerial defenses and the space assault to the Saak’ak, the Trade Federation flagship contains the droid control computers.
Retired Captain Maris Magneta had joined Nym’s underground resistance group sometime after the Queen left for Coruscant. Since then he has been an invaluable asset to the fight against the Trade Federation.
When Magneta learned about the planned execution of the Advisory Council, he along with Reti the Toydarian and a small team of commando infiltrated Theed palace and rescued the Advisory Council.
Magneta also tried to convince Governor Sio Bibble to come with them but the old man insisted that he should stay to keep the Viceroy at bay from hurting more of their people. The two had argued but Bibble still refused to come so Magneta and his team had no choice but to leave him.
Today, as they meet under the protective holo-shroud that covers the open expanse of the Jafanara Ruins, Governor Sio Bibble are scheduled to be executed at the main stairs of the Theed palace.
Artoo Detoo and Obi-Wan Kenobi rejoined the Rescue Unit of Magneta after their meeting with the Diversionary Units.
“Who will perform the execution? Will the Viceroy himself be there?” Obi-Wan asked Magneta.
“Our civilian contacts in Theed said the Viceroy had publicly announced that he will supervise the execution but it was the Lady Crimos who would do the deed herself. The people in Theed are required to gather by the palace stairs to watch it.” Magneta replied.
“It’s the best opportunity for us to get closer. We can mingle with the crowd unnoticed.” Obi-Wan said.
“I agree Jedi, what do you have in mind for our exit? The entire perimeter of Theed is heavily guarded, since the news of the Queen’s return here the Droid Army has fortified their stronghold on Theed, it’ll be suicide to leave the place at any exit point. They also have erected anti-starship laser turrets in various strategic areas within the city…” Magneta said and uses a laser pointer at Artoo’s projected holomap of Theed City.
“Sewers.” Obi-Wan took the pointer and indicated the manholes at the sides of the plaza in front of the palace.
* * *
“When you left with the Sith, me, Sacey, Feral and Savage were devastated.” Crimos suddenly said as she stood by her room.
Darth Maul looked at her in silence by the doorway.
“They didn’t show of course. They’re too tough… or stubborn for that. But I can see the sadness in their eyes. Sometimes I would wake up before sunrise seeing Savage by the top of the messa staring up at the horizon. Feral sometimes comes out of their hut calling for you only to remember that you were already long gone. Sacey… well, you know Sacey.” Crimos smiled at the memories.
“No.” Maul said.
“No, what?” Crimos turn around to regard him.
“No I don’t remember Sacey.” Maul grunted.
Crimos moved towards him and stop inches before his face, “How about us?”
“There were no us.” Maul looked away from her pleading eyes.
Crimos ran her fingers on his cheeks and the Zabrak stiffened at the touch.
“What has he done to you?” Crimos asked.
Darth Maul glared at her, “What has to be done. What I should become. What I am. A Sith.”
“Even a Sith needs someone to love.” Crimos held Maul’s cheeks and made him turn to face her.
“Love is but a tool. No more.” Maul countered.
“Then I am your instrument.” Crimos kissed him full in the mouth, hesitantly and then hungrily.
Darth Maul did not move, did not respond but did not stop her either. Her intensity and passion were too much for the Sith, Maul closed his eyes and old buried memories surged into him.
He remembered Savage pushing a massive boulder to block the rancor’s exit in the rocky trench a mile from their village. He saw the eager face of Feral impatiently waiting for his spear to be thrown into the throat of the beast. He saw the envious looks Sacey throws at him whenever he was with Crimos.
And then he remembered Sarc Crimos, kissing her up on the messa under the full moon. Maul allowed the indulgence, just for tonight.
The blastdoor of Crimos’ room slid shut but no one came out.

Chapter 43: The Governor’s Rescue

Governor Sio Bibble sat with his back on the cold ferocrete walls of a cramp prison cell in the temporary prison on the Palace Security Dome at the side of the Theed palace.
The Lady Crimos has been torturing him for two days now. Most of the nails on his fingers have been pulled off of him. His back had gone numb from her whips, his eyes could barely see now from her beatings. A number of his ribs were broken and he knew there were several internal bleeding all over his body.
He could feel his life waning and he no longer believe that he would be rescued. The risk would be too great to take, and he perfectly understands it. He knows he is not worth the risk. His value is of merely political and bureaucratic only, something that anyone from the Legislative Youth Program can take over.
He wanted to die, but not the way the Trade Federation has in mind for him. He wanted to go his way. If only he has a bomb so he could take down the Viceroy with him; that would have been very satisfactory.
Out there, his countrymen are dying fighting for their freedom. He has taken the easier way, naively hoping that the Viceroy can be swayed to stop his invasion and occupation of Naboo by means of persuasion.
He was a fool to have believed that such thing could solve this crisis. He knows that now, he remembered the frustration and sad resignation on Magneta’s eyes when he refused to come with him.
He stayed when the Queen escaped. He stayed again when Magneta rescued the Advisory Council. He stayed for nothing.
He was unable to convince the Viceroy to stand down and open a truce to the Queen, a real truce. No pretentions, no deceptions. Peace.
The Neimoidians do not know such concept. They were bred to profit, at all cost. Sio learned that the hard way. He winced as his wounds afflicted him again.
He’s too old for such lessons. He’s too tired.
He wanted to die.
The door slid open and bright blinding light streamed inside. He could only see silhouettes and his ears are still ringing, he felt nauseous.
“You’re despair is so strong I could taste it in my mouth, old man.” A female voice purred. It was Crimos. She was the only female here.
 “Executing me will gain you nothing, witch!” Sio spat at his last word.
“Patch him up. He must be ready and presentable in five hours.” Crimos ordered the others with her and completely ignored his remark.
The number of medical droids with their equipments converged on him. The governor struggled weakly and furtively.
Crimos closed the door and left.
* * *
Vana and Rhys were dressed in common Naboo clothing and made their way to the front of the gathering crowd, their weapons concealed under their cloaks. Magneta and Aluva came from the other side of the avenue, the former captain has dyed his hair in gray-white so he wouldn’t be instantly recognized by the crowd, he has served too long in the palace and appeared publicly too often that everyone on Naboo already knew his face.
Obi-Wan Kenobi came out of the manhole farther down on one of the side alley and quickly made his way to mingle with the incoming throng of people.
OOM-9 came out of the palace with the governor being held by a pair of B1 battle droids. About fifty of them lined the upper stairs and another fifty below. Up in the roof from the palace itself to the buildings at its side by the avenue to the archway were droid snipers scanning the crowd vigilantly. AATs positioned themselves in every alley flanked each by a dozen battle droids.
A full squadron of droid starfighters circles Theed, the Viceroy is clearly expecting a rescue attempt. Obi-Wan looked up and saw the Lady Sarc Crimos emerging from the palace entrance, with her is the mysterious Zabrak that he and his master suspected as a Sith.
Last came Viceroy Nute Gunray and he regally displayed his flowing robes and started to address the crowd.
Vana and the others moved into position as Obi-Wan poised himself to action. Up on the stairs the droids brought Sio Bibble on his knees facing the hybrid Dark Jedi. Crimos stepped forward and ignited her two lightsabers.
Down on the front row of people, Vana and her team took out their weapons and fired smoke canisters on the stairs above. Out on the sides the other resistance soldiers fired their repeater blasters at the droids above and around the side streets. The rest of the soldier provided cover fire and ushered the civilians to safety.
Just as Vana and her team fire the smoke canisters, Obi-Wan ran in Force-speed towards Sio Bibble, snatched the old man and carried him in his shoulder and ran back down as Rhys covered his retreat before Crimos’ blades descended for the kill.
Nym was waiting by the manhole and took the governor as Obi-Wan ignited his lightsaber and stood alone on the plaza, the crowd receding and his team retreating. The Freeorin’s men came out firing their cannons at the confused droids on the stairs and roofs.
Darth Maul and Lady Crimos stepped forward as Viceroy Gunray retreated back to the safety of the palace.
“I will take him down.” Maul hissed but Crimos restrained him.
“No. He’s mine.” Crimos leaped and landed a few meters before the young Jedi.
Darth Maul composed himself and held his ground to watch.
* * *
“You know I never got to thank you for saving my hide back in Bothawui, years ago.” Crimos said casually as she circles the Jedi.
“Maybe I should have just let you die then.” Obi-Wan said.
“You’ve had your chance.” Crimos shrugged.
“I still have. Besides, you owe me right? Perhaps I should start collecting now.” Obi-Wan countered.
“You will try.” Crimos braced her footing and raised her blue blade above her head while she leveled her red lightsaber before her eyes.
“You know how Master Yoda feels about that thinking.” Obi-Wan held his blade in a two-handed grip before him.
“I never cared much of what that old gnome thinks!” Crimos sprang and her blades struck like lightning on Kenobi’s blade.
She slid down her blue to swing to Obi-Wan’s belly as her red kept his lightsaber at bay. Obi-Wan awkwardly avoid the slash and kicked her ribs.
In one smooth motion, Crimos threw her blue up to grab Kenobi’s boots and using his own momentum she pulled him, swung his body and threw him to the pavement.
Obi-Wan rolled as her two blades came hammering down where he lay.
Crimos use the Force to threw several destroyed battle droids to Obi-Wan and while the Jedi were deflecting the flying metals, Crimos attacked and gave him a series of ultrafast slices and slashes that almost grazed the Jedi’s skin, flesh and even bones.
Darth Maul saw the Jedi easily allowing itself to be guided by the Force to avoid and parry every strike of Crimos. Maul raised his hands and the numerous littered destroyed droid fragments, pieces and parts comes sailing down on the single Jedi.
Obi-Wan began to be overwhelmed by the relentless droid scraps being hurled at him from almost every direction.
Crimos took advantage of the distraction and gave Obi-Wan a series of lunge and strikes in a blur of left, right, up and down.
Obi-Wan surrendered entirely to the Force, allowing his movements to be guided. Time seemed to slow down as he started to move faster and faster than he has ever experienced before. It felt like he could see where Crimos’ two blades would land by the twitch of her shoulders, like he knows from which direction a hurled droid parts would come sailing down on him.
Obi-Wan’s blue lightsaber was everywhere and in additional, he uses the Force to shove or redirect the flying pieces from hitting him.
Qui-Gon saw everything from one of the open manhole. He came there to fetch his apprentice and when he saw the fighting begin between Obi-Wan and Crimos, he held himself back and watches to see how his student would do. When the Sith started hurling droids at him, Qui-Gon almost got out and give a hand but he felt something in the Force around his apprentice and saw the intensity and concentration of Obi-Wan.
It was on that time that Qui-Gon Jinn was fully convinced that his apprentice is ready to become a Knight. The Jedi Master refrained himself from interceding although kept his eyes and senses alert in case the Sith decided to join the duel.
On the other side of the avenue, one of the soldiers that stayed for cover fire for the Jedi’s retreat watched the lightsaber battle in awe. He has taken out his holo-recorder and recorded the duel right from when Crimos leaped to engage Obi-Wan at the beginning.
Darth Maul felt the boy’s power in the Force and almost admired the padawan’s control and harmony. Snarling, Maul hurled more random objects from all over the plaza, from the droid pieces, to rocks, pots of plants, poles, windows and everything else he could fling towards the young Jedi.
Crimos was as immersed in the battle as Obi-Wan are, her inbred lust for violence and brutality kicked in her conditioning. Everything around her vanished in her sights and all she could see was the Jedi before her.
The Nightsister in her veins screamed for the blood of Obi-Wan and Crimos became a living machine of death as the attacks of her swirling blades of blue and red intensified, occasionally she also kept using Force-shoves, -grips and lightning at the Jedi.
Obi-Wan endured everything, his muscles strained at the sheer force of her blows, his concentration buckles at every electrical jolt her Force-lightning induced onto him. The young Jedi’s heart pounded rapidly, his adrenalin working overtime.
Darth Maul barred his teeth as the Force thrummed in energy around them. The double exertions of Crimos and the Jedi created an unseen but palpable static in the Force, enticing the Zabrak Sith to join the raging battle.
Qui-Gon felt danger and focused his attention at the Sith above the stairs. He could see that the tattooed Zabrak were starting to poise for an attack of his own. He held out his lightsaber and prepared to come out should the Sith make his move against his apprentice.
Suddenly Obi-Wan were thrown ten meters across the plaza and fell hard on his back. As the young Jedi started to get up Crimos stretched out her hand and Force-gripped Obi-Wan’s heart. The young Jedi screamed in agonizing pain and struggled to get up and counter the Dark Jedi’s assault. Qui-Gon saw the Sith stop hurling objects and just stood there, unmoving.
Qui-Gon was about to leap out from the sewer when a soldier from across the avenue came out and fired a rocket launcher at Lady Crimos then retreated on the manhole without waiting to see what happen to his shot.
Crimos sensed the danger and whirled. She saw the missile coming on her fast. She released her grip on Obi-Wan to stop the missile. At that short gap of her defenses Obi-Wan ran to the nearest open manhole and dove.
Darth Maul shouted in rage when he saw the Jedi escape. He ignored the explosion that threw Crimos hard on one of the AAT. The enraged Zabrak went into the manhole and gave chase.
The sewers of Naboo are large enough to contain Banthas in single file, as Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon made their escape below they rode the waiting speederbikes and sped off.
The other soldier ended his recording and gunned his speederbike’s engines as the Sith came down the sewer from behind him.
Darth Maul reached out in the Force to kill the soldier but his quarry was already speeding away from him. Darth Maul then heard a beeping noise and saw that a number of bombs were planted around him.
Cursing, the Sith jumped out of the sewer as that section exploded, that side of the plaza eroded and fire and smoke licked out.
* * *
Governor Sio Bibble was taken to the medical wing of the central ziggurat. Queen Amidala, Boss Nass and the other unit leaders listened to the reports of Vana about their rescue.
Artoo Detoo, Anakin Skywalker and Jar-jar Binks were requested by Obi-Wan to witness his Knighthood.
Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan and the three witnesses stood at the top of the central ziggurat. The rooftop were currently empty, the Royal Starship has been moved to a more hidden location for repairs.
Anakin and Jar-jar sat on the cold stone while Artoo Detoo silently records the simple ceremony. At the center stood Master Jinn and before him, Obi-Wan was on his knee, head bowed.
“Obi-Wan Kenobi, you have displayed a great deal of patience, discipline and dedication to the teachings of the Force in your years of training under the hallowed halls of the Jedi Temple. You have endured and accomplished feats beyond your age under the command of the Jedi Order. You have proved yourself wizened and ready from your years of trial under my tutelage. Like any other Jedi, all of us are in a continuous process of learning. The Jedi may rise to ranks but they will always be students in the Force.” Qui-Gon said in revenant.
“You have outdone your master in many ways today. I am proud and honored to be that master. There is no more I could teach you that you cannot learn on your own in your coming years. You have been a son to me as I have been a father to you. The bond of Master and apprentice is as deep and binding as any bond of kinship.” Qui-Gon said looking directly in the eyes of Obi-Wan.
“Obi-Wan Kenobi, rise, Knight of the Jedi Order.” Qui-Gon proclaimed and ignited his emerald lightsaber and with one fluid motion, use the blade’s tip to severe the Padawan braid of the new Jedi Knight.
Jar-jar grinned at Obi-Wan and Anakin let out a deep sigh at the momentous event he has just witnesses and vowed to himself that one day he will pass such trial and achieve such honor.
Obi-Wan Kenobi picked up his braided hair, stood up and bowed deeply at his Master.
“Now, you are indeed ready. Rest my Knight, tomorrow we go to war.” Qui-Gon Jinn said to him.

Chapter 44: Ouch Time

The Naboo and its allies slept early. The entire mountain range and forest region of the Negotta became as silent as a tomb.
 A few hours before sunrise, up on the highest peak of the Negotta Mountain five figures sat by the ledge looking out at the serene greenery ten thousand feet below.
Jar-jar blew smoke from the new pipe given to him by Boss Nass, “Dessa something about Naboo that makes messa coming back no matter what.”
“Not to sound biased but I agree with you Jar-jar. Naboo is a wonderful place to live in peace.” Padmé nodded, her feet dangling by the edge.
“I’ve always wanted to sit on top of one of the Needles on the Jundland Wastes back home.” Anakin smiled, recalling his dream with Kitster.
“The Red Spire on Devaron is thirty thousand feet high. I only got as far as the first ten thousand feet.” Obi-Wan recalled his mission to Devaron with his friend Quinlan Vos.
Artoo Detoo simply took in the panoramic view in silence, leaving the conversations to his Gungan, and human companions.
“Your Highness, I am still honored that you are sitting here with us.” Obi-Wan suddenly said with a wink at Anakin.
Padmé saw the exchange but she pretended not to and smiled at Obi-Wan. “I’m still the same Padmé you all met in our little off-world adventure.”
“So what am I supposed to call you know? Your Majesty?” Anakin asked innocently.
“You guys are my friends. Let’s just use that on formalities and in public. But out here, among friends, I’m Padmé.” She placed an arm over Obi-Wan and Anakin.
“This is perfect. All three of us, we should always stick together no matter what the future has in store for us.” Anakin said to Padmé and Obi-Wan then looked at Jar-jar and Artoo Detoo.
“You too guys, of course.” Anakin added and Artoo beeped a thank you.
Jar-jar groaned and stood up, “Youssa spare me the mushy-mushy little Annie, ugh! Dessa one reason why youssa humans are ussa disgusting!”
Anakin, Padmé and Obi-Wan laughed as Jar-jar trudges back to their narglatchs.
“I agree with you Anakin. Our destinies may lie on different paths but our friendship will never be lost.” Padmé nodded.
“Inner peace, this is what my master always tells me to have. If you are at peace with yourself, you can endure any trials.” Obi-Wan looked out at the rising sun.
“Wessa must be heading down, the Grand Army is about to move.” Jar-jar called out and they all got up and started their long ride down the mountain.
* * *
Captain Roos Tarpals tightened the saddle of his narglatch. Ordinarily he and the rest of the first wave army unit would be riding kaadus but General Binks wanted to inflict maximum damage to the maccaneks in the first wave alone, so all of Tarpals units horded their trained narglatchs and tamed new ones just to make sure everyone in his unit will be mounted.
Nym’s men have provided armor plates for their beasts. All armors were in fact came from the metal scraps of the droid army and vehicles the underground resistance group has destroyed from day one.
Clynt Resnon also gave them a very useful gift, one hundred crates of EMP grenades with a blast radius of five meters. The Moviana commander explained to the Gungan army officers how to use it.
Tarpals inspected his unit, they were all silent, and each of them had lost someone during the maccaneks attack on Otoh Gunga. They were all dead set on exacting revenge for their loved ones.
Major Fassa passed by him with a nod and went straight to her own unit, the foot infantry, most commonly known as the militiagungs, a ragtag warriors comprising of civilians who are capable of fighting and wielding their weapons. She busied herself by checking on their energy shields and other weapons.
Jar-jar came running. He stopped to catch his breath first before addressing Tarpals and Fassa. “The cerrabores are ready!”
Boss Nass, Tarpals, Fassa and several other humans ran to follow Jar-jar who led them to a natural clearing under the roofed branches and leaves.
There it was, six hundred cerrabores, domesticated and heavily armored. In the old days before Otoh Gunga was established, the Gungan tribes have used these mighty beasts as battering rams for enemy tribes’ walls.
“Dessa be put on youssa front rows, dessa will take care of those maccaneks tanks!” Jar-jar told Tarpals who grinned like a child with a new toy.
“Dessa cerrabores are ussen wonderful!” Tarpals nodded excitedly.
Jar-jar then joined Boss Nass to inspect the other weapons and the soldiers assigned to them. Clustered across the forest in the perimeter of Jafanara were Raapturs, Energy catapults, swifts for scouting and lerraa’s with mounted cannons.
As the Gungan Army made their final preparations for the upcoming war, Captain Panaka and Nym were also making their own rounds on their own people. Although the human side of their alliance was small in numbers compare to the numerous Gungans, they matched it with experience and advance weaponry.
Hutt Syndicate and Black Sun mercenaries mingled in an uneasy truce with the Naboo resistance, although Panaka and the Advisory Council felt alarmed at the presence of too many criminals fighting on their side, General Binks, Nym and Resnon explained to him the necessity of their allegiance since they could not get any support from the other Chommell Sector worlds and from the Republic itself.
Graff Zapalo’s real worry lies in the aftermath of the war against the Trade Federation, surely the Queen would not allow Black Sun and the Hutts to have a commercial hold on Naboo.
Eckener assured Zapalo that they will find a compromise somewhere and that Nym and Resnon will do everything they can to keep the commerce of Naboo strictly legal, no black-market and other unlawful activities and transactions.
Panaka and Nym saw Anakin with Artoo Detoo in a debate with one of their space mechanics under one of the larger Mandalorian gunship brought to them by the Moviana Patriots with the help of both the Hutt and Black Sun representatives.
“You rerouted the shielding power line to the gun turret targeting sensors, this will hinder both systems…” the tech was admonishing the boy.
“You don’t get it! I rerouted it because I have connected another line for the shields. The old line is weak and we need a stronger power input for shielding, targeting sensors must not take up more power than shielding…” Anakin stood firm on what he and Artoo did.
Nym went to them to settle the matter as Panaka went on the Spaceport Attack Unit led by Aluva D’asima.
The semi-retired Royal Handmaiden were giving last minute instructions to the rest of the Royal Handmaidens and to a dozen commanders from the Order of the Sanctuary.
“Is everything alright?” Panaka asked.
“We can draw only a portion of the droid army, if they send more against us we will be forced to take the battle through the Spaceport itself. Make sure your units will handle the rest of the enemies.” Aluva told Panaka.
“The Diversionary Units will do their job. Make sure to regroup with the Queen’s unit as soon as possible. No heroics.” Panaka said to her and move to the next group.
Jar-jar, Tarpals and Fassa ordered the entire Gungan army to start making their way across the seashore away from the sensors of the droid army towards the lower regions to the Umoko Donga jungle that serves as the borders of the Grassy Plains of Naboo.
Padmé came out of the Royal Starship in her Royal Handmaiden battle dress while Sabé came last wearing the royal battle dress, all set for her role as the Queen’s decoy.
Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan, Panaka, Boss Nass, Jar-jar, Ric Olié, Hoff Siege, Kiel, Magneta, Aluva D’asima, the Lady Crystaé, Nym, Resnon, Tarpals, Fassa, Anakin and Artoo Detoo waited for the Queen and Sabé to join them for the final debriefing.
Borvo the Hutt detached himself from his little band of private army and slid towards the gathered leaders.
“All team units are ready Your Highness.” Panaka said as Padmé stand by the parked landspeeder where Artoo were projecting the holomap of the Theed palace over the vehicle’s hood.
“We have set comm frequency to one that the Trade Federation does not use, we set it on a tight beam transmission, line-of-sight signals only, all Fambaas have been retrofitted with comm arrays to receive and bounce back our frequency to the rest of us. They will bot be able to jam it.” Resnon explained.
“Boss Nass, are your army ready?” Padmé asked the Gungan leader.
“Fatalities will be unavoidable. Many Gungans will fall in this assault.” Qui-Gon reminded Rugor Nass.
“Wessa ready to do ussa part!” Boss Nass assured them.
“Lord Resnon’s crew has located the droid signal transmission’s source and has confirmed our suspicions that it was originating from the Viceroy’s flagship Saak’ak. The Patriots and Nym’s fleet will draw the rest of the blockade to them and will do their best to subtly isolate the Droid Control Ship. Vengeance and Bravo Squadrons are all primed for that assault. We have coordinated our navicomputers to a series of microjumps to evade the blockade and emerge behind and above the target flagship and disable their comm towers first then their shields.” Captain Olié told them.
“I trust that you all have your respective battle plans well conceived. Now about our main purpose under all these engagements…” Padmé took the laser pointer from Panaka.
“Beneath the lowest levels of the palace lies a series of ancient cellars were dungeons used to held prisoners, they have been sealed shut by walls that now lines the basement storage antechamber. If we can get to the Solleu by the Virdugo Plunge, we could swim underwater and enter through the unused sewer leading to the old dungeons and from there cut through the wall to the basement. It will be tricky because the strong currents will continually force us down on the falls. We can no longer take the hidden passageways, it has been compromised. The Lady Crimos have discovered and used it before against us.” Padmé explained to them.
“Getting to the Solleu River is the tricky part.” Nym crossed his arms and Qui-Gon nodded in agreement.
“Leave it to us.” Obi-Wan said and looked at his master for approval.
“You’re a Knight now Obi-Wan.” Qui-Gon smiled warmly leaving the rest unsaid, “What do you have in mind?”
Obi-Wan began explaining his plan to get them past the patrolling droids in the Solleu River.
“What if the Viceroy manages to escape before we get to him? If he gets out, he could bring down the entire forces of the Trade Federation.” Nym asked everyone after all plans were laid out. 
“That is why we must not fail, Nym. Everything depends on it.” Padmé answered.
“The sun is almost up now. The fog will be thinning soon.” Panaka commented.
“Gentlemen, let’s go to war.” Padmé nodded at them.
* * *
The fog spreads out like a sea of faint blue white haze from the lower elevation of Theed Spaceport up to the Negotta side of the plateau where Theed City stands. Pale shadows and silhouettes seemed to ripple across the farthest reaches of the fog from each sides of Theed.
Scattered fleets of diverse ships of make and models moved like disturbed Mantooine green ants from the night side of Naboo and the far side of each of the three moons of the planet.
Trade Federation Occupation Camps on every city from Theed to Spinnaker and up on the blockade fleet suddenly lost their sensor signals sending paranoia from various Neimoidian overseers dispatched by the Viceroy.
Viceroy Nute Gunray fidgeted nervously from Queen Amidala’s throne. The Lady Sarc Crimos stood on one of the tall windows of the Throne Floor looking out at the fog covered swamps below the cliffs with trepidation.
Darth Maul sat cross-legged on one of the state rooms of Theed Palace, his double-edge lightsaber resting on his lap. The Sith’s fingers clasped each other and his eyes were closed. He could sense fear, apprehension and determination from almost everywhere.
He felt the Jedi like a jolt of exultation running through his bloodthirsty veins. Darth Maul opened his eyes and grinned. They are coming!
* * *
Boss Rugor Nass rode Hooga, the only Fambaa in the Gungan Grand Army that wasn’t carrying a Shield or Drum assembly. Instead, it was heavily armored. Thick spiked metal braces from its stubby legs to its head and to its tail serves as both protection and weapons against the battle droids.
Atop its back was a thick plated and shielded, steering cockpit where Boss Nass sat and controls Hooga while directly in front of the lead Fambaa is Geerokk, the alpha prime of the cerrabore herd of the Gungan Grand Army. 
Ridding Geerokk is no other than Bombad General Binks who raised his electropole and signaled for his army to begin advancing towards the Grassy Plains.
Two hundred mounted cerrabores started marching on both sides of Hooga while the rest of narglatch riders moved ahead with Jar-jar. Behind them march a hundred sixty-six thousand and six hundred kaadu riders and militiagungs on foot of the same numbers.
The second and third thirds of the Gungan army led by Major Fassa and Captain Tarpals have also begun their movement from the left and right of the Theed Spaceport.
Gungans on the edge of the forest atop the trees blew their horns in tandem with some of the militiagungs marching with their drums.
One Corellian Cargo Freighter zoomed above the sea of fog and landed under heavy fire on the Theed Spaceport. A squadron of Z-95 headhunters from Nym’s forces came swooping down providing covering fire for the freighter’s passengers. Out from the ramp Aluva D’asima and the two hundred members of the Order of the Sanctuary poured out with their blasters firing at the startled battle droids.
Up on the plateau coming out from the Negotta mountains were a sizable army of Nym, a group of various species gathered there in hopes to benefit from their Freeorin leader’s deal with the Queen, although they hardly numbers to a thousand, they were not lightly armed. They rode scores of tanks from Corellian P-67 Assault tank to vintage Mandalorian G5000 Fortress Destroyers.
Nym has cleverly got these tanks past the blockade with the help of Resnon’s fleet. He has secured the tanks on two cargo haulers and faked a crash during one of their skirmishes in the other side of the planet. One crashed on the ice tundra’s of the North Pole and the other on the jungle twelve kilometers west of the Mootoo Cave.
Once down, his men drove the tank out of the fallen cargo haulers and triggered the self-destruct of the massive ships. The blockade being busy on Resnon’s fleet ignored the two crashed haulers.
Now, under the cover of the fog, Nym’s army made their way to Theed slowly.
Captain Kiel and the Naboo underground forces drove their landspeeders in top speed past the crawling tanks of Nym’s army and shot straight to Theed City. The forward unit got past startled droids and was already in the city before they were fired upon.
Moving meticulousness, Kiel and his one hundred ground units scattered, each were thoroughly instructed to operated individually and do hit and run attacks all over the city.
A group of bongos made their way underwater from the Negotta base. Aboard were two strike teams led by Queen Amidala and Sabé.
With them were the active Royal Handmaidens, the reserved handmaidens from the Order of the Sanctuary, Captain Panaka, Lady Crystaé herself, Junior Palace Guard Gregar Typho, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn, Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi, the boy Anakin Skywalker and Artoo Detoo.
The bongos swam across the labyrinthine underwater pockets and tunnels towards their destination, the Solleu River.
Behind the three moons of Naboo, the Moviana fleet moved out of cover, powered up their shields and armed their ships. The blockade reacted at once and from their battleships came pouring out hundreds to thousands of droid starfighters like disturbed bees from their precious hive.
Resnon who just came from his shuttle along with Captain Hoff Siege and their escort Bravo Squadron right after their briefing with the queen stood on the command bridge of Fair Chance to look at the displays and check if everything is running smoothly.
Captain Siege and his Bravo Squadron flew escort to Fair Chance waiting for their signal to engage the Trade Federation flagship Saak’ak.
Captain Ric Olié was given the command starfighter of Vengeance Squadron and is now skimming the sky towards Theed City. The circling droid starfighters above the Naboo capital spotted and them and started to regroup and form a wedge to intercept them.
In the city itself, on the Olié Residence, Darred Janren looked out at the window and saw the patrolling battle droids and shook his head in frustration.
Sola came to him and placed her arms around his waist and kissed his firm shoulders. “We have to stay strong my love. I’m sure my sister will not let this atrocity goes by unchecked.”
“I know, but we have to do something.” Darred sighed and turn to look at Ruwee, Jobal, Thea and the rest of the crowded Naberrie clan with the Olié family.
“We fight.” Ruwee nodded with conviction. Jobal started to protest but Ryoo Thule held her and shook her head.
“We gather the people, make weapons, anything…” Darred said in a surging excitement.
“We’ll help.” Thea Olié nodded, beside her, Rinn smiled at Darred.
* * *
Boss Nass checked his comm console, a recent addition to his steering cockpit courtesy of Nym and Resnon, and noted the progress of the other teams. Nass nodded in satisfaction and noticed he has an incoming call. It took him a few seconds to remember how to answer the comm.
“Boss Nass here.” He said.
“Boss Nass, enemy activity has begun. MTTs and AATs accompanied by Troop Carriers are now flooding out of Theed City and Theed Spaceport. Have your army in position and get ready for the engagement.” Nym reported.
“Thank you Nym.” Boss Nass rubbed his thick hands and relayed the situation to Jar-jar, Tarpals and Fassa.
The three groups of the Gungan Grand Army stopped and prepared themselves for the battle. Battle wagons and catapults were moved into strategic positions as the first wave from all three groups poised for the charge.
Jar-jar saw his narglatch and cerrabore riders’ nervousness. “Steady, steady.”
The Gungan Grand Army were thoroughly trained for hundreds of years, generations after generations were listed and honed. They studied tactics and theories though not as creative as the off-worlders, but Jar-jar believed his people knows enough to put up a real fight.
Although there is one problem, ever since the Gungan tribes were united and Otoh Gunga was built, the Gungan Grand Army never experienced real war. The Naboo-Gungan War hundreds of years ago do not even get close to this situation.
Jar-jar’s hopes are relying on the determination of his people and the experience of their allies. Ahead of them he spotted the small dots of the MTTs, AATs and Troop Carriers emerging from the slopes of the Grassy Plains of Naboo.
From the radio he heard the voice of Captain Tarpals, “Ouch time!”

Chapter 45: The Battle on the Solleu

The bongos finally arrived in the Solleu River and Qui-Gon moved his Gungan sub forward to the ancient sewer at the Theed Hangar side of the river. The Jedi Master put on his Aquata breather and opened the bubble of his bongo then swims towards the steel bars of the sewer’s tunnel.
The entrance was large enough for a single bongo to enter so the group formed a single file as the Jedi activated his lightsaber. Once more, Qui-Gon was thankful for the modifications of Master Fisto to his lightsaber.
Obi-Wan also in his Aquata breather went out of his bongo and swim his way on the surface near the other side to draw the attention of the patrolling droids away from the rest of his team.
The moment he emerged, the waters around him exploded as the AATs on the river bank opened fire at him. Apparently one of the droids spotted his silhouette before he rose up on the surface.
Obi-Wan Force-leaped and cross the five meters and landed on the nearest AAT. Igniting his weapon, Obi-Wan sliced off the tank’s turret and leaped to the next one.
A platoon of battle droids spotted him but as they were about to head towards the river bank explosions erupted somewhere in the city and Captain Kiel’s scattered commandos started wrecking havoc on the confused droid army in the city.
Obi-Wan easily destroyed the stationed AATs and droids by the river bank and was about to return to the river to follow the others when he sensed a strong presence behind him.
Obi-Wan Kenobi stood straight and slowly turns around and saw the Lady Sarc Crimos on the other end of the road, her pair of lightsabers already thrumming in power.
Obi-Wan took a battle stance and raised his blade in a two handed grip facing her.
“A Knight now huh?” Crimos hissed as she noticed the former padawan’s braid was already gone. “Too bad your Knighthood is short lived, time to die, Jedi!”
Obi-Wan grinned wolfishly at her and his muscles coiled for the action, “Oh, I don’t think so.”
* * *
Artoo Detoo and Anakin Skywalker were helped by Typho and Saché out of the bongo while the Jedi was busy cutting through the basement wall. Artoo made a cursory scan on the vicinity and detected no evident activity in the basement area.
Padmé was ahead of them behind the Jedi with Panaka, Aluva and the Lady Crystaé. The rest of the Royal Handmaidens, both active and reserves, and the Palace Guards were checking their weapons and comlink signals.
The Jedi completed the hole and kicked the ferocrete down. The group then made their way though it and into the basement. Artoo quickly rolled to the control panels and turned on the lights.
The group was startled to see that the entire basement storage was full of inactive droidekas. Qui-Gon looked closely at one of them and moved back.
“They’re active!” the Jedi strikes down the droid before it could move. The entire chamber erupted in a pandemonium of droidekas activating their shields and the humans running for cover on the scattered crates.
Typho pulled Anakin to where Artoo Detoo was safely hidden from view beside the control terminal. “Stay here with the droid Anakin.” Typho said then turn to regard the astromech, “Artoo, make sure the kid is safe.” And the soldier went to join his team in fighting off the droidekas.
Darth Maul looked at the monitors in the comm station and nodded in satisfaction as he saw the raging battle on the basement. “Right on schedule.” the Sith muttered.
* * *
Resnon’s fleet are outnumbered and outgunned by the Trade Federation almost to a one hundred to one but their assault is not meant to destroy the blockade but merely to keep them occupied long enough for Captain Siege’s Bravo Squadron to get their mission completed.
Captain Feul Atane of the flagship Saak’ak was on the verge of panic breakdown. This is his first space battle and even though he has the advantage in terms of firepower and numbers, the fact that he was aware that his ship was the primary target of the enemy fleet were enough for him to lose focus.
With Viceroy Gunray down on the planet and unable to be contacted, the terrified Atane has nowhere to turn to but himself.
He simply issued an order to destroy everything that is not part of their blockade and sat shaking in fear as the holo displays of the on-going battle rages on before him.
The droid starfighters received the order loud and clear so they attack to kill every enemy ship. Although they could overwhelm the Moviana Patriots and the Bravo Squadron easily, the droid starfighter swarms received no tactical orders and was forced to acquire their individual targets without proper coordination with the rest of them.
The result was catastrophic for the Trade Federation. The erratic advances of the droid starfighters were easily outmatched by the cool tactical precision of the Patriots.
As the turn of the battle tipped in favor of the Patriots, Captain Siege ordered the assault on the Saak’ak and the two squadrons took on their attack formation and flew to engage the droid control ship.
* * *
The Gungans driving the shield Fambaas activated their protective bubbles then the AATs opened fire to test the Gungans’ shields. The three divisions waited for the MTTs to begin deploying the battle droids they were carrying. When Jar-jar saw that the troop deployment racks of the MTTs are almost halfway out, he gave the order to charge.
Six hundred massive mounted cerrabores surged ahead from three sides of the battlefield and came crashing and battering against the helpless MTTs and AATs. Shortly after Jar-jar has attacked, the rest of the narglatch riders and Boss Nass’ armored Fambaa charged as well.
The falumpasets pulling the catapults and the other long range weapons of the militiagungs stayed within the protection of the shields and provided cover fire for the advancing Gungan army.
The rest of the MTTs deeper in the lines of the Droid Army activated their cargo prematurely while still attached to their hatches. The confused battle droids struggled to get off and landed at each other as they all drop off the racks.
But the second and third waves are already attacking and by the time the rest of the remaining battle droids were deployed, the entire Gungan army has already engaged the Trade Federation forces.
OOM-9 led the main assault force against that of General Bink’s army. The droid commander was on the specialized Armored Command Tank or ACT. It was a large as the MMT but similar in design as the AATs but with far more advance modifications and armaments such as shielding, surface-to-air-missiles, magnetic repulsor cannon, triple-barreled primary laser cannon, six launch tubes for armor-piercing shells, a pair of secondary quad laser guns each operated by droids, four short range blasters on the side of the forward casing.
The ACT of OOM-9 was the only of its kind manufactured by the Baktoid Armour Workshop exclusively at the request of the later Rune Haako himself. OOM-9 operates the triple-barreled primary laser cannon and was also in constant communication with all of the droid sub-commanders.
The ACT was piloted by a crew of five and its quad lasers were controlled by a pair of gunners. It is also faster than the regular AATs of the Trade Federation.
When the ACT joined the fray, the casualties on the Gungan army started to rise. Boss Nass ordered Jar-jar to locate the droid commander so he himself could attack it. Ramming his cerrabore through the throng of battle droids, zooming droids on STAPs, AATs and MMTs, Jar-jar went to the thick of the droid army and his people to find the large ACT.
* * *
Crimos came down on him hard. The impact of her two blades on Kenobi’s was bone jarring and forced the young knight to step back. Obi-Wan swung aside her blades and rolled to her left and at the same time lashed out his right leg to trip the Dark Jedi.
Crimos easily avoided his foot by jumping but that was what Kenobi was waiting for, in mid-air he Force-shoved her to the edge of the riverbank as he got up on his feet.
The former Nightsister stabbed the low rock walls to stop her fall then sprang up over the Jedi and landed safely on the wider street at the side of the river.
“You are resilient Obi-Wan. I had to give you that.” Crimos snarled and advanced on him with her swift and intense vaapad attacks.
Obi-Wan knew what she was up to so he channeled the Force to strengthen the muscles of his arms. She had given him that same relentless pounding in their past encounters. Obi-Wan knew she would be executing a new trick this time, trying to lull him to believing this was just another of her typical fighting style. He matched her virulence with measured parries and refused to be backed into a wall or onto the river.
Seconds turn to minutes and as the unstopping sweeps, slash and slices of Crimos began to strain Obi-Wan, he started to wonder if he could still keep up this defensive position because the way he sees it this time, the Lady Crimos was hardly panting or batting an eye at him. Her face was expressionless and her heterochromic eyes are ablaze.
People, both civilians and Naboo undergrounds started to appear on some areas by the riverbanks firing on battle droids and AATs, distant booms of explosion became a constant background. Fast looming shadows kept passing by them as droid starfighters and the Vengeance Squadron dogfights above the city of Theed.
One of the droid starfighters skimmed low by the edge of the river as it chases one of the Vengeance Squadron’s fighter. Crimos leaped on the wing but Kenobi was already at her tail and the two landed on the perplexed droid starfighter but kept flying after its own target.
Kenobi and Crimos use the Force to keep themselves from falling off the ship as they move against each other. The added weight plus their movement forced the droid starfighter to fly slower and slower much to the advantage of its target that managed to escape and flew on wide arc to retaliate but when the pilot saw the two combatants above his target, the pilot veered off and went to pursue another.
Obi-Wan slashed at the antigravity generator of the droid starfighter and in his swing he also hit the power converters and several permanently installed power cells.
The droid starship started to fall and as Crimos lunge at Obi-Wan, Kenobi use the Force to pull up the power cables and wrapped it around her left arm. Crimos swung her other free hand but Obi-Wan also grabbed it and tied another set of cable wires on her second arm. Crimos struggled and Kenobi pummeled the back of her head with the hilt of his lightsaber.
Crimos went down, tangled on a doomed droid ship, her weapons already falling down the churning rapids of the Solleu down to the Virdugo Plunge. Obi-Wan then leaped on the domed rooftop of the Theed Hangar and watch the droid starfighter and the unconscious Lady Crimos disappeared in the mist of the Virdugo Plunge.
Obi-Wan Kenobi climbed down and stealthily made his way into the Theed palace past busy droids fighting off the uprising civilians and occasional Naboo underground commandos.

Chapter 46: The Fateful Choice

Ruwee and Jobal, Darred and Sola, Thea and Rinn, Ryoo and Hoff Siege’s younger sister Hena went in pairs and moved from one house to another convincing their neighbors and fellow citizens to take arms and fight the invasion army occupying Theed.
It took them only an hour to collect a number of followers and they all gathered by the abandoned landspeeder store. Using the various parts they found on the shop they quickly assembled crude projectile weapons, laser and fusion cutters and PVC pipe bombs in a hurry.
The battle is already raging when their team was finished arming themselves. Led by Darred and Ruwee, they went out the streets and concentrated on one droid group after another.
When the underground commando spotted the civilians taking up arms they move to provide cover fire for their allies.
The older women went on recruiting more while the young ones led by Rinn who was a whiz kid in terms of fiddling with mechanical stuff, create more makeshift weapons for the incoming flow of recruits. Joining him were a group of teens led by the recently orphaned Max Entarrie, Theed Systems Programming Academy’s top student.
By the time Obi-Wan and Crimos were engage in their final duel the civilian resistance has spread and was now wrecking havoc all over the city against the droid army.
Viceroy Nute Gunray paced across the throne room muttering and regarded his new aid Soin Fordex, “I thought the battle will take place somewhere far!”
“We must evacuate at once!” Fordex said in a shaky voice.
“Fool! We can’t leave without getting that treaty signed!” Gunray grabbed Fordex’s collar angrily.
“Just stay here. I will deal with them and deliver the queen to you.” Darth Maul said as he entered the throne room.
Gunray and Fordex stopped and nodded silently at the Sith.
“Stay here. Don’t make me hunt you both down like what I did to Hath Monchar.” Lord Maul warned them and the color was drained from the two Neimoidians.
Darth Maul left the Throne room and sealed the blastdoor behind him, “Pathetic!” the Zabrak spat with utmost disgust and repulsion.
* * *
“Rinn, the entire city has joined the fighting, we need more parts!” one of the teenagers said to him.
“We’ve used up all the parts available here and there’s only one place left where we could salvage more tools.” Rinn told him.
“Where?”
“Theed Hangar.” Rinn said.
“Are you insane? We can’t get past the droids guarding that place!” one of the kids protested.
“It’s too dangerous, the grown-ups won’t let us.” Another one said.
“Listen, everyone, Rinn is right. It’s the best chance we got, you guys have the advantage, you’re all smaller, faster and more agile than those dumb droids put together. I will lead you there but Rinn will have to lead us into the hangar itself.” Max Entarrie, the sixteen year old boy who was technically the oldest in the group addressed everyone.
“And why must it be Rinn to lead us inside the hangar?” another kid asked.
“Because his father is the head of the Naboo Space Fighters Corps, dummy!” a little girl quipped and they all chuckled nervously.
 “Max is right. I can get us in the hangar, I know the override codes, and I can unlock the parts storage too once we’re all in there.” Rinn finally said.
“Get the inflatable rafts and the ropes. We’ll be taking the river on the way back here.” Max said and the kids started getting everything they needed for their little mission.
* * *
Sarc Crimos bolted upward and spat water on the cold metal pavement. As she heaved for air she recognized where she was. Long pathways extend on every corner connected to the circular platforms surrounding wide shafts of pure plasma energy streaming up from the chasm mines below to the regulator panels above.
She was on the Plasma Refinery Complex, and she was not alone.
Darth Maul stood some five meters away from her, watching her. His hood was down and he was dripping wet.
“You saved me.” Crimos smiled and tried to get up and felt a sharp pain lanced up her left leg and saw a broken bone by her shin. It jutted out like an accusing finger of disappointment.
She held her broken bones with her two hands and gritted her teeth as she pushed it back into the position with a loud cracking noise then she stripped a part of her cloth and wrapped it on her wound and use the Force to slowly heal herself.
“You have failed our master for the last time.” Maul growled, unperturbed at her current condition.
“We can kill him. Together we can be stronger than him. I will help you, strike him down and take his place. You will become the master and I, your apprentice. Let us take the Rule of Two on a new level. Master and apprentice, husband and wife…” Crimos winced at the pain and reached out for Maul’s hands.
“I am my master’s weapon. I serve only him.” Maul answered flatly.
“Damn you, you fool! He will get rid of you after this, already he is grooming another one to take your place, or are you too naïve or too stupid to realize that!” Crimos snarled angrily, desperately.
“There is no one else. I am my master’s weapon and you are but a tool.” Maul insisted this time he unclipped his double-hilted lightsaber.
Crimos realized her lightsabers aren’t on her belt or anywhere nearby. It must have gone down in the waters. “Your precious Lord Sidious have chosen a new ally, a Jedi Master of great renown. He is powerful and he is immensely wealthy. He can bring about the machinations that would culminate your master plan, to both destroy the Republic and the Jedi Order. He no longer needs you Maul. I need you!” Crimos shouted in rage, tears began to run down her cheeks, ignoring the pain in her left leg she struggled to stand up by herself. She felt the Force engulfing her, feeding in her rage.
Darth Maul took out a portable holo-receiver and placed it on the floor to his side and activated it.
Darth Sidious’ holo appeared and he was seated on a throne, his black hood down covering most of his face as usual. There was a certain glint of satisfaction in his devilish grin. Crimos recognized the throne. It was the one from his Byss hide-out. That was where he sat when she first met him after she was taken to him by her employer Hego Damask.
“Crimos,” Sidious spat her name like a curse. “I told you one day you’ll outlive your worth to me.”
“I can kill you anytime!” Crimos reached out and channeled all her rage and concentration on the image of distant Byss, the old dark citadel and that all too familiar throne and to that even more familiar being. She felt her reach touching the Sith and she grabbed his heart. Sidious stiffened but laughed like a deranged old man that he is.
“You have the skills Crimos, the power to such greatness. It is such a pity your witch blood makes you such a stubborn fool.” Sidious straightened up and Crimos felt her grip losing and her own heart and lungs constricting.
“Before you die Crimos, tell him the real reason why you pledged your service to me.” Sidious grinned.
“I joined the Jedi to learn the basics of the Force and to know more about them, their ways, their names, their halls, everything. So that I may use it as a bargaining chip to the Sith who took you from us back on Dathomir. I allowed Hego Damask to introduced me to him so I may be able to see you again.” Crimos cried as Sidious maintain his hold on her heart and lungs.
“I served him to be with you. I asked you to be my price. He agreed, he promised you to me. But he never kept that promise. He kept you apart from me just until recently. I have long given up believing his words…” Crimos struggled to resist the invisible grip of Darth Sidious.
“You did all this just to be with me? That’s pathetic!” Darth Maul spat in repugnance.
“I’m in love with you!” the Lady Sarc Crimos cried out.
“Kill her now.” Sidious eyes bore down on her very soul.
Darth Maul locked gaze with the Lady Crimos… then suddenly Crimos howled in rage and shot out a powerful lightning bolt on the holo receiver overloading its power cell and making it explode.
She stood up and uses her rage, frustration and pain, both physical and emotional to sustain her and strengthen her. She slowly staggered towards Darth Maul.
Darth Maul ignited his double-bladed lightsaber and struck at her arms. Crimos focused her control in the Force and blocked the blade with unseen energy.
Maul’s eyes widened then snarled at her and attacked swiftly, striking his blades left and right but Crimos maintained her focus and uses her hands’ Force energy to deflect and parry.
Maul stood back and watched her intently thinking of a way to turn the tables against her. Crimos just stood there looking at him with regret and surrender.
“Who are you? I don’t know you anymore.” Crimos said softly.
Darth Maul lunged and his blade pierced her chest and punched through her heart. Crimos mouthed the word I love you before the life in her eyes dimmed and died. Her corpse fell over the walkway and down on the abyssal chasm. The Zabrak took out a pair of still dripping wet lightsabers from the back of his belt and threw it down after the falling body of the Lady Sarc Crimos.
Darth Maul closed his lightsaber and howled, his rage echoing on the confines of the vast Plasma Refinery Complex.
He turned around and felt the presence of the Jedi outside. He put up his hood once again and clipped his lightsaber and composed himself before heading out to open the massive blastdoor ahead.
* * *
Qui-Gon sliced off the last of the droidekas as Panaka reached the blastdoor that Artoo Detoo has opened for them.
The two teams moved out after they placed their dead together on one side and covered them with cloaks. The wounded that could no longer fight stayed there with one of the reserved Handmaiden staying to tend their wounds.
There was no turbolift there, only a winding stairs that leads up to the main level of the palace. The growing chaos outside the palace and all over the city drew most of the stationed droids out.
Qui-Gon took the lead, Panaka behind him followed by Lady Crystaé, the Queen and her decoy Sabé and the rest of the Royal Handmaidens and Palace Guards with Anakin and Artoo Detoo.
The corridor they were traveling along leads to the Theed Hangar, normally this side of the palace are accessed by pilots coming from the Space Fighters Corps Barracks.
Before they reached the end of the long corridor a group of droidekas rolled in to block their path and opened fire. They took cover on the thick columns and returned fire.
It took them a couple of minutes before they finally got rid of the droidekas and got into the Theed Hangar. Panaka spotted a number of kids rummaging through the parts storage area and he started to walk towards them and one of the kids who are meeting him through the hangar he recognized instantly.
“Rinn what are you doing here?” Panaka asked.
“Momma’s helping the grown-ups fight the droids outside and we were assigned to make their weapons. We ran out of stuff so we went here….” Rinn blurted out.
“Anakin!” Panaka turned around and waved for the boy and Artoo Detoo.
“Stay here with Rinn…” Panaka said to him as Qui-Gon and the others joined them.
“But…” Anakin started to protest but he felt a hand touched his shoulders and saw Qui-Gon staring intently at him.
“Anakin, this is the dangerous part of our mission. Stay with these kids and give all the help you can give them, you and Artoo.” Qui-Gon said to him seriously.
Artoo beeped in agreement with Qui-Gon and told Anakin that he knows Rinn very well and they would be fine here. Hesitantly Anakin complied as the Jedi and Panaka started to lead their team towards the direct corridor leading to the throne room. A dozen droidekas came down the corridor and began firing at them.
“Take cover!” Qui-Gon shouted at the kids as he deflected laser bolts. Panaka and the other returned fire while Rinn and Anakin ushered the other kids behind two wreckages of N1 Starfighters.
From behind the droidekas another robed figure jumped down from the stairs and struck at them from behind. Obi-Wan Kenobi ran to rejoin with his master.
“We can’t go that way. There are more of those destroyers waiting for you.” Obi-Wan said. Qui-Gon looked at Panaka and the Queen for options.
“This way,” Panaka started to lead them to another passage when the blastdoor slid open and Darth Maul appeared. He took down his hood and held out his long hilted lightsaber and ignited both ends, his fiery red-orange slits of orbs never leaving the Jedi Master’s eyes.
“We’ll handle this.” Qui-Gon said as he and Obi-Wan drops off their robes and ignited their lightsabers.

Chapter 47: Duel of Fates

Jar-jar’s cerrabore barreled its way past scores of battle droids knocking them left and right and trampling down the rest with its armored legs until the Bombad General came face to face with the massive ACT of the droid commander OOM-9.
Jar-jar fired the tracer-rifle and its magnetic beacon attached itself on the hull of the Armored Command Tank. The ACT swiveled its triple-barreled cannon and fired in his direction, he made his cerrabore leap away and attack, the lower blasters bouncing harmlessly from its thick armor plated head.
Jar-jar braced himself as his beast hammered onto the large tank. The cerrabore’s head armor cracked open and the ACT was pushed a little off of its track but the powerful tank easily asserted itself and started to redirect its side quad-laser cannons on them. Jar-jar moved his beast away but the close range barrage split the beast’s armor open and burned holes in its thick hide.
The cerrabore Geerokk growled from the intense agonizing pain and fell on its side, dying. Jar-jar leaped off and rolled on the soft grass but battle droids began to converge on him. The Gungan pulled out his militiagungs energy shield from the fallen cerrabore and activated it and blocked the incoming laser bolts. With his free hand he raised his large repeater blaster and fired at the gathering battle droids.
Boss Nass finally got Jar-jar’s planted beacon signal in his radar indicating the location of the ACT and OOM-9, the droid commander that led the destruction of his beloved Otoh Gunga, and he started to steer Hooga, his stampeding armored Fambaa towards his target.
OOM-9’s ACT angled towards the direction where Jar-jar had gone but one of the battle droid inside the tank alerted the commander about an incoming threat.
OOM-9 turned around to see a huge lumbering heavily armored Fambaa crushing droids and toppling AATs in its path towards them.
“Direct all firepower…” OOM-9 shouted the command but a pair of boomas came splattering down on the ACT. A surge of electrical power short-circuited the Armor Command Tank and as the droids inside frantically charge their back-up power cells, another pair of boomas detonated on the tank that further crippled the ACT.
OOM-9 popped open the rear exit hatch and scurried away as Hooga trampled the immobilized ACT. The cannons, squad-lasers and forward blasters were bent and smashed by the powerful limbs of the mighty Fambaa.
Jar-jar looked back and saw OOM-9 coming out of the ACT as it was being crushed by Boss Nass’ Fambaa. He swung his weapon around to blast the droid commander in half when a jolt of numbing and paralyzing bolt struck him from the back. The Gungan’s eyesight blurred until everything went black.
One of the AAT’s blasts punched through the weakening armored platting of Hooga. OOM-9 took advantage of it and shouted orders at all nearby tanks to open fire at the single target, Boss Nass.
Ten C-9979s came out from the clouds and landed across Epee Dui, now empty of saw-toothed granks who had just evacuated to somewhere safe. The Trade Federation Landing Ships descended and began deploying all of its contents; more MTTs, AATs and Troop Carriers.
Boss Rugor Nass jumped out of his steering cockpit as the AAT barrage pierced his shields and destroyed the steering cockpit. Hooga went wild as the burning and melting mount scorched and destroys the thick scales of the Fambaa.
The AATs did not stop and continue to fire at Hooga until the armors were destroyed and the cannon fires blew chunks of burnt meat on the dying Fambaa.
Boss Nass charged at them, his large modified electropole swinging and hacking droids. But more came in and soon enough the leader of the Gungan army was disarmed and subdued and was shoved to the now regaining consciousness General Binks. Two more prisoners were thrown with them, Captain Tarpals and Major Fassa.
“Youssa alright?” Jar-jar whispered at Fassa who nodded and spat blood on the grass.
“Nym’s forces has ussa been surrounded topside, as we are.” Fassa informed him.
“Surrender!” OOM-9 trained his blaster at Boss Nass.
“Never!” Jar-jar growled. Droidekas rolled in and surrounded them, their superior laser blasters aimed at the captives.
“Execute them!” YIN-762 ordered and as the droidekas charged their fire, OOM-9 stopped them and overruled YIN-762’s wishes.
“Wessa give up!” Boss Nass said as he touches Jar-jar’s shoulder and patted it reassuringly.
“But Boss!” Jar-jar started to complain but Boss Nass leaned down on him and whispered in Old Gunganese.
“[Wessa have done ussa part, the true outcome of dessa battle will not be for ussa to decide.]” Boss Nass said to Jar-jar. The General nodded in understanding and placed his hands over his head.
All across the Grassy Plains and up on the Epee Dui the Gungans and Nym’s forces were being rounded up by swarms of battle droids.
* * *
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi braced themselves as Darth Maul ignited his double-bladed lightsaber and lunged at them.
The two Jedi moved in tandem, immersing in the Will of the Force, allowing their moves, their attacks flow in accordance to its guidance.
Darth Maul swung his blade rapidly keeping up the slash and slice of the two lightsabers against him. Forced to move back on the wall, Darth Maul threw a half-body of a battle droid onto the control panel opening the blastdoor in the process. The Sith retreated inside the Plasma Refinery Complex for better maneuverability.
Obi-Wan employed Form IV or Ataru against the Sith while the older Jedi switched into Form VI or Niman to keep pace with the powerful and swift Form VII or Juyo, or for some, Vaapad, fighting style of Darth Maul.
Qui-Gon Jinn have never felt this overly intense and exulted on a lightsaber battle in all of his life.  A lingering sense in the Force seems to whisper to him that this would be the most momentous test of his fighting skills.
The dark side, unseen but as palpable and as tangent as the stale air circulating within the complex fogs their senses swirled around them. Darth Maul was using their determination to defeat him as a conduit to feed the dark side and turn it as a black veil against them, shrouding their sense, slowing their judgment.
Obi-Wan felt the crawling darkness in the Force and willed his self to counter it with his own strength. He strikes fast and low whenever Qui-Gon move up, and swing hard up when his former Master takes the low attack.
Darth Maul snarled as the two manages to keep him in the edge despite his efforts to push them back. He felt he was beginning to run out of pavement to stand on so he somersaulted across the chasm onto the next platform.
Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon leaped after him and landed toe to toe with the Zabrak Sith. Their lightsabers clashed and they wrestled their blades, each pushing the other. It became a contest of sheer strength. Their eyes met and held each others’ gaze and none of the three were blinking. Then Lord Maul pushed them off with such power that the two fell on their back on the cold metal pavement.
The Sith charged at the younger Jedi as Qui-Gon rolled up, sprung and in a two-handed grip lashed his lightsaber on the belly of Darth Maul.
Maul dropped on the pavement and slid past the Jedi. The green blade of Qui-Gon dangerously passing two inches from the Zabrak’s chest and over his face.
Qui-Gon got up on his knees as Maul rolled to swing his double crimson blade on Obi-Wan. But the Knight was ready for him and he jumped up as the swinging blade of the Sith sliced through empty air where Kenobi’s knees was only seconds ago.
Obi-Wan landed behind Maul but as the Zabrak turns around to give Kenobi a powerful hammering the emerald blade of Qui-Gon intercepted the blow and pushed Maul’s blade back at the same time the younger Jedi charged and collided with the Sith, his shoulder connecting hard on Darth Maul’s abdomen sending the two falling off the ramp and landing hard on the next walkway some ten meters below them.
Qui-Gon Jinn jumped after the two and landed a few meters off and ran back to help his former student.
Darth Maul pivoted and reversed left and gave Obi-Wan a roundhouse kick sending him sliding off the walkway. The Zabrak looked up and saw Qui-Gon descending with his lightsaber upraised towards him. Maul stretched out his hand and Force-choked the older Jedi in mid-air but he suddenly felt a solid blow sending him sailing down to the lower walkway below.
Obi-Wan saw the Sith Force-choking his former master and he rushed to the rescue and Force-shoved him but as the Zabrak fell over, so did Qui-Gon.
Qui-Gon Jinn slowed his fall and landed a few meters from the stunned Zabrak. As the Jedi advances, the Sith flipped up and lashed at him with his crimson blade. Qui-Gon stepped back and spun around to the other side with his arm outstretch holding out his lightsaber bearing down on the Sith’s neck.
Darth Maul rolled under the blow and came up behind him and slashed his lightsaber on Qui-Gon’s back. But the Jedi merely swung around and gave a boot on his face.
The Zabrak staggered but Qui-Gon was determined to finish him off so he pushed forward and gave the Sith a series of deadly attack combinations. Darth Maul was forced to focus on the defensive as the older Jedi seemed to have absorbed some unknown strength and endurance as he kept pounding the Zabrak again and again without slowing, without stopping.
Qui-Gon became a blur of swirling green blade as Darth Maul struggled to keep up with the Jedi’s relentless attacks. The Sith growled as the Jedi switched from Niman to Juyo and to something else entirely.
Obi-Wan jumped down to the lower walkway and ran to where the two combatants were fighting and saw them enter another chamber. Kenobi went after them and saw there were a series of laser-doors automatically locking in and opening repeatedly in a certain timed sequence.
Darth Maul made a dash into the reactor core vent chamber the moment he got out from the onslaught of the Jedi Master.
Qui-Gon chased him while Obi-Wan came following not too far behind them. Darth Maul reached the exhaust platform inside the reactor core vent chamber before Qui-Gon was stopped by the locking laser-doors as Obi-Wan manage to get into the first pair of laser-doors.
Darth Maul looked at the red laser-door and touches the tip of his blade on it. Sparks flew and the shield held. The Sith paced in front of Qui-Gon, watching him like a caged animal, taunting.
Qui-Gon knelt down and communed with the Force. Exuding calmness and control and setting aside his excitement and intent to kill the Sith.
Obi-Wan slashed his lightsaber on the side laser-projector but the metal held leaving only faint burn marks where his blade connected. Kenobi frowned and wondered at what kind of metal it was made of then he looked down at the floor and stomped his feet, the pavement wasn’t hollow but thick but he could feel some power thrumming underneath. He then pointed his blade downward and started cutting a circular hole on the floor.
Suddenly the laser-doors opened simultaneously and Qui-Gon sprang up with such suddenness that when he collided his blade with Darth Maul’s the Sith was forced to take a few steps back from the impact.
Obi-Wan pulled out his blade to follow them but the laser-doors closed once more so he we went back on finishing the hole he was cutting.
 Qui-Gon’s blade came down on Maul like an executioner’s axe with such force that Maul almost lost his grip on his own lightsaber upon contact. Maul threw back the other’s blade but Qui-Gon duck under his blade and his fist shoots upward with lightning speed, the Jedi’s knuckles impacting with a loud crunch as the Zabrak’s chin.
Darth Maul staggered back utterly dazed and as he tries to steady himself, the Sith tasted and spat blood. Some of his teeth also came out. As the Zabrak reorients himself, Qui-Gon was already upon him head first.
Somehow Darth Maul have recovered from his momentary shock and back-flipped across the reactor’s exhaust well and landed on the other side of the platform. Qui-Gon’s momentum almost took him over the chasm but the Jedi stabbed his blade on the pavement to stop his stumble.
Obi-Wan dropped on the narrow and low space crawl where cables ran from one end to another. He crawled straight to the general direction of the path leading to the chamber but as he neared the end he saw that there was a solid metal wall blocking his path. He had measured that he was only below the last pocket of space blocked by the last pair of laser-doors.
Frustrated but persistent, Obi-Wan turned around to face the underside of the pavement floor above and began cutting again and trying not to let the molten metal drips on him.
Up in the platform, the match leveled, despite the efforts of Qui-Gon and the strength he had drawn from the Force, the youth and resiliency of Darth Maul slowly and easily matches that of Qui-Gon’s, and even exceeded, slowly.
Second by second, Darth Maul gained momentum and gathered force against the attacks of Qui-Gon until he completely reversed their situation and it was the Sith who has returned on the offensive, forcing the old Jedi to rely on the defensive once again.
The laser-doors opened once more and a blade came out on the surface on the last pocket in the entrance to the chamber followed by the circular slab of metal being Force-shoved away and the arms and head of Obi-Wan Kenobi started to squirm his way out of the underbelly of the pavement.
Obi-Wan finally got out but the laser-doors had once more closed in on him and he was left there standing and watching the fight between his former master and the Sith continues.
Darth Maul pivoted and fainted left then quickly swung right, his lightsaber blade coming straight at the Jedi’s body.
Qui-Gon moved his blade to parry the incoming stab but the Sith grinned at him and the old Jedi’s eyes grew in disbelief as the Sith, with lightning speed focus, uses the Force to internally shuts down Qui-Gon’s lightsaber.
Everything seemed to move so slow for Qui-Gon and for Darth Maul.
As the Zabrak’s blade came piercing the air before him towards his belly, Qui-Gon’s hand holding his lightsaber came down, it’s blade supposed to clash on the Sith’s and deflect the fatal stab. But his lightsaber snapped close microseconds before it was supposed to clash with Maul’s blade.
Exposed and too late to move away, the crimson blade buried itself through the Jedi’s tunic, skin, flesh, and intestine and came out at his back.
Obi-Wan screamed in a mixture of fear, shock, rage, hatred and disbelief when he saw the red beam of the Sith’s lightsaber emerged at the back of his former Master.
Qui-Gon Jinn fell on the platform heaving for air, feeling cold and getting numb. The old Jedi stared up on the bright lights up on the high ceiling. His eyes saw past the glare and saw flashes of images.
Master Yoda giving lessons, Master Dooku picking him for apprenticeship, the lovely face of Tahl, his apprentices Feemor and Xanatos… and Obi-Wan and then he saw the face of Anakin Skywalker.
Qui-Gon slowly turns his head and saw Obi-Wan screaming behind the laser-door, Darth Maul stepping over him to taunt the young Jedi Knight.
Qui-Gon tried to speak but his lips and throat were dry and all he got out was a silent wordless croak.
Darth Maul watches the agony and pent up rage of Obi-Wan with sick amusement. He barred his teeth and coiled his tongue, savoring the pain of his next kill.
The very moment the laser-doors opened Darth Maul was caught off guard as a powerful Force-shove struck him by the neck throwing him almost over the chasm at the center. Obi-Wan leaped out to the air in a somersault and landed a pair of boots on the Sith.
Darth Maul began to fall but using the Force he kicked the edge of the chasm and sent himself sailing across the hole to the other side of the platform. Obi-Wan ran around to engage him and the Sith growled furiously.
The two clashed violently and a shower of sparks flew as their lightsabers went pounding at each other. Each blow is stronger than the first one and each strike as swift as ever. For a full minute the two combatants were locked in a flurry of swirling red and blue blades, the Jedi’s dirty white tunic and the Sith’s black clothes blurred together in an astounding showdown of skills and discipline and creativity in the Force and in lightsaber techniques.
Obi-Wan’s focus never wavered as every slight indication of Maul’s next moved was easily predicted by the Jedi. Maul was equally intent at his enemy, reading his facial expression, body language up to the most trivial stirrings in the Force the Jedi’s mind projects or hinted.
Darth Maul suddenly sensed something else and in that microsecond Obi-Wan reared and caught a spinning lightsaber and ignited its green blade.
The Sith staggered as Obi-Wan came down at him with two blades, the Jedi switching from Juyo to Jar’Kai. This changes momentarily rattled Darth Maul but the Sith recovered at once and applied a different approach and switched to Dun Möch.
Maul use the Force to ripped panels, tubes, pipes and other objects from the walls of the chamber and hurled it at Obi-Wan as he maintains a fierce lightsaber battle with him.
Somehow the objects he was hurling were being deflected and Obi-Wan’s concentration against him wasn’t even wavering. Then Maul realized something and took a risky glance to where the older Jedi lay.
Darth Maul saw Qui-Gon on his side with one arm outstretched and using the Force to throw off the objects Maul has been hurling to Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan took advantage at the distraction and swung his blue blade upward cutting the second half of the hilt of Darth Maul’s double-bladed lightsaber.
The useless second half flew in sparks and parts while Kenobi intensified his attack on the Sith with his two lightsabers.
Darth Maul back away leaped farther to give himself room. Obi-Wan followed closely but Maul had finally braced himself, with one hand he threw Obi-Wan down the chasm while on his other hand he forcefully snatched both blades through the Force and threw it behind him.
Obi-Wan sailed down and managed to grab one of the side panel lights with his feet dangling under a very deep chasm.
Darth Maul turned to regard the dying Jedi and tightened his grip on his remaining lightsaber. Obi-Wan felt the Sith’s intention and with all the rage he could muster, the young Jedi Knight Force-leaped and somersaulted over the startled Sith Lord.
Maul looked up at Obi-Wan as the Jedi leaped over him, in that fatal mistake, he never saw that Obi-Wan has quickly summoned and ignited his and his master’s lightsabers that came flying and swirling behind the Sith.
The two blades passed through the waist of the stunned Darth Maul, the pair of lightsabers spinning in the air and returning to the hands of Obi-Wan has he landed behind Maul.
Darth Maul felt nothing but a shocked disbelief, he tried to look at his nemesis but Obi-Wan kicked him off to the pit.
The Sith fell in two separate pieces. Obi-Wan dropped the pair of lightsabers on the pavement and ran to his master. The light in Qui-Gon’s eyes were already fading and his ebbing presence in the Force was too much for Obi-Wan to take. He knelt there and placed his dying master’s head over his lap and wept.
“Obi-Wan… my son… the boy… train him… he is the Chosen One… promise… me…” Qui-Gon struggled to speak, his voice so weak Obi-Wan could hardly hear him.
“I will, Master. I promise.” Obi-Wan sobbed and Qui-Gon’s body went limp. Obi-Wan held him for a moment. His thoughts raced on his memories with his beloved master. From the moment Qui-Gon chose him, to the disappointments and failures he gave to him, to the hurt in his master’s eyes when Obi-Wan decided to leave the order, to his forgiving smile when he embraced him back. Obi-Wan was there when his master grieved for Tahl and Qui-Gon was also there for him to help him deal with his own dilemma about Siri Tachi.
Obi-Wan stood up, picked up the two lightsabers and clipped it on his belt then return to pick up his master. He carried the corpse of Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn out of the Plasma Refinery Complex.
“I will not disappoint you this time, my master.” Obi-Wan whispered to the unmoving face of Qui-Gon Jinn.

Chapter 48: Young Heroes

Anakin Skywalker easily got along with Rinn Olié after the two were introduced to each other by Artoo Detoo.
After Qui-Gon and the others had gone off somewhere, Max approached Anakin and made quick introductions and then led the boy to the two ship wreckage. One lies on the side, the fuselage and the rest of its body were so badly crushed it was no longer recognizable as a ship, even the yellow finish were chipped and burnt, exposing dull silver gray metals. The second one was at the center and are still burning.
The third one on their left seemed in good condition but Anakin turns to focus his wandering mind and eyes to the oldest boy in the gathering group.
“Anakin, how fast can you re-assemble an N1 Starfighter?” Max Entarrie pointed on the only ship that still looks operational.
Anakin did not answer at once. He was looking inside the open service hatch under the fuselage, Rinn and Max moved closer to him to see what he was doing.
Anakin came out with some smudges of grease in his face, arms and hands. “Hyperdrive’s dead but the battle would be in close orbit so it doesn’t matter, the real problem lies on the burned out power cells, two out of the four ones has to be replaced. Life-support systems are low on oxygen, landing gear is jammed so it’ll have to skid and crash if it has to land. The acceleration compensators are unstable but I think it could hold for an hour tops…”
Max nodded, his expertise were more on the software area and he only knows the basics of ship engineering. Rinn was on the other side of the wing and came back to them shaking his head.
“Ionization chamber on the left wing is clogged; some of the wirings must have melted inside. The ship will erratically dip throughout the flight but aside from that, it can still fly and be maneuvered.” Rinn explained rapidly in a mixture of excitement and nervousness.
“Geesh Rinn, whenever you go technical you always loose that kid grammar of yours, that’s scary Rinn.” Max commented and looked behind him as Artoo Detoo came towing two power cells and two kids behind him were each carrying three acceleration compensator boost chambers.
Artoo issued a long series of chirps and beeps while Anakin and Rinn listened intently and occasionally nodding. Max looked at them questioningly, “What?”
“Give us ten minutes and this ship can fly in circles!” Anakin exclaimed.
* * *
Nym, Reti, Vana, Rhys and Borvo the Hutt and the rest of their surviving men were shoved by the battle droids into the heavily armored prison tanker that would take them to Moenia where the entire city have been fenced in by the invasion force and converted the foggy city into a vast prison camp for all captives.
A small but violent and costly skirmish took place there just a day ago, the resistance led by Borvo the Hutt and his private army. Most of them were killed and Borvo the Hutt are nothing short of unstoppable to give some payback, the massive slug would have gone suicidal but Nym and Reti knocked some sense into the Hutt and convinced him to follow their lead.
That is their destination. Nym desperately scanned the vicinity of any means to fight back and buy enough time for at least one or two of them could make the slip but there was nothing, the area is practically littered with thousands of battle droids, hundreds of AATs and STAP riders.
A dozen unmanned HAATs lined the side of the prison tanker, Nym noticed that the other droids have turned their attention on the rest of their soldiers, those two where were left to lead them inside the prison tanker were half distracted from the distant explosions were some of Nym’s men were still putting up a fight and trying to bring down as many battle droids they could before they could be totally subdued.
Nym and Vana’s eyes met then the Freeorin whirled around and pulled the droid’s blaster from its metal grip and shot it in the face. That moment, Vana’s right boot lanced out and kicked the side of the startled battle droid and as it started to fall Rhys grabbed its blaster then fired four precise bolts on the vulnerable necks of the nearby confused and alarmed B1 battle droids.
The team commandeered the twelve parked Heavy AATs while the others clung to the sides or huddled close to the tanks as Nym started blasting the droids around them.
Nym’s Heavy AATs steered towards several AATs where the rest of their soldiers jumped off to take the smaller tanks from the battle droids. After a few minutes, the battle was renewed.
Borvo slithered his way to a troop transport and wrestled it off from the droid, he disengaged the rack and climbed up, he then steered the transport out of the fray searching for his sail barge somewhere far behind the war zone of Epee Dui.
Down on the Grassy Plains, OOM-9 waited for the prisoner transport to arrive to take the Gungan leaders to Moenia. Boss Nass, General Binks, Major Fassa and Captain Tarpals were shoved to cluster together while the rest of the militiagungs were being segregated into groups of fifties.
The rest of the droid army moved in to herd the Fambaas, kaadus, cerrabores, falumpasets and other beasts. Only the packs of narglatchs gave resistance and fought off the converging battle droids.
“What if dessa failed to bring down the Saak’ak?” Boss Nass asked Jar-jar.
“Wessa gonna have to give them more time…” Jar-jar grinned and motioned for them to look up.
The Gungan leaders craned their necks and were surprised to see hundreds of militiagungs riding aiwhas blotted the sky above them. None of the droids have noticed them yet so Boss Nass shouted on top of his lungs, “Booma rain, get youssa shields!”
All across the Grassy Plains, Gungans dove to get their energy shields or seek cover as the swarm of aiwha riders started to drop thei.r loads of boomas to their respective targets.
The leaders and their militiagungs took the blasters of the destroyed battle droids and started fighting their way back to their mounts and catapults. Soon after that the battle resumed and OOM-9 was hard pressed to reorganize his troops against the rampage of the deadly cerrabores, narglatchs and other Gungan mounted creatures trampling their way past surprised battle droids.
* * *
Captain Ric Olié and the remaining Vengeance Squadron circled the battle fields from the upper to the lower lands around Theed and saw the battle resurging as Nym’s forces and that of the Gungans have finally got hold of their weapons.
Flocks of aiwha riders came swooping above the Grassy Plains dropping their blue plasma globs called boomas on the droid army below.
“Vengeance Lead, the last of the droid starfighters has been destroyed, what are your orders?” Vengeance Two’s voice crackled in the squad comm.
“We join the fleet. Our ground forces can handle this.” Olié answered.
“Roger that.” V-Two clicked in acknowledgement and flew in tight formation with him as the rest of the surviving pilots followed suit.
“Switching to long range scanners and activating Friend-Foe Identifiers, charging up inertial compensators and shields. Vengeance Squadron, let’s clear the skies!” Captain Olié ordered.
“Yihaa!” some of the pilots exclaimed as they broke out of the planter atmosphere and the vastness of outer space greeted them in a wide canvass of muted space battle.
“Dreadnaughts! Where on the galaxy did those come from?” V-5 gasped.
“I don’t know, V-Five. As long as they are firing at those droid starfighters, I wouldn’t be too concerned.” V-Two commented.
“Cut the chatter, let’s vape some droids!” Olié grinned as he swung up and tailed his first target.
The Vengeance Squadron broke formation and went chasing individual quarries and was instantly swallowed by the tangle of starfighters, crisscrossing red lasers, green ion beams, proton and concussion missile trails.
Captain Desnocres of the Moviana fleet command flagship Fair Chance went to the diagnostic panels to check their shields and life support after a turbolaser impacted on their hull.
CEO Clynt Resnon scanned the holographic tactical display and spotted the beacons of Vengeance Squadron and smiled.
“Great, the ground battle is stable, Captain Olié has joined us!” he announced to no one in particular.
Above the Trade Federation Droid Control Battleship Saak’ak, Captain Hoff Siege received the news from Fair Chance about the arrival of Vengeance Squadron to the fray and happily relayed it to the rest of his Bravo Squadron.
“Captain Olié, we have destroyed two of their shield generators but they are still protected, we need to take down the deflector shield housing but it’s too thick!” Siege said.
“Copy that Bravo Lead. We’re going in for their transmitter platform defense artillery. That should give you enough cover and time to blast that Neimoidian shell.” Olié exclaimed.
“Thank you Vengeance Lead… and nice to have you back in a fighter.” Siege grinned.
“I too, Captain. It’s been a while now. I still got the grips though.” Olié nodded.
“Well, like my mentor use to say during my training years, once a fighter pilot always a fighter pilot.” Siege said as he made a sharp turn to make another pass on the thick deflector shield housing.
“The saying still stands. Now let’s blast this shell inside out!” Olié said and the entire Vengeance Squadron regrouped and started towards their new primary target.
* * *
Anakin, Rinn, Max, Artoo Detoo and the other kids cheered excitedly as the N1 Starfighter they were fixing started its engines. Anakin was on the cockpit control and was being assisted by Artoo Detoo on running a thorough systems check from his astromech slot behind the cockpit.
Rinn and Max patted Anakin and Artoo before sliding down and ushering the other kids away from the newly repaired starfighter.
“Anakin, the coordinates of the Saak’ak is already in the navigational computers, you can run it on autopilot!” Max called out.
“Remember, you got an hour’s worth of power and life-support!” Rinn added.
Anakin nodded and gave a thumbs-up sign before closing the canopy and firing the repulsors and the thrusters. The ship slowly climbed and turns around to face the hangar’s exit bay.
Artoo chirped a question and Anakin shrugged innocently, “Qui-Gon told us to give all the help we could give them and this is the best way I know how to help.” he said.
Anakin’s starfighter shot out of the Theed Hangar and climbed steadily up through the clouds and onto the outer space. Artoo activated his long range scanners and detected the Saak’ak exactly where the pre-programmed coordinates said it would.
“This is a little more dizzying than my pod…” Anakin gasped as the ship corkscrewed and the stars and the distant shapes of the blockade rotated fast before his eyes.
Artoo adjusted the inertial compensators until Anakin felt better and manage to keep himself from throwing-up. They reached the battle zone sooner than he estimated and swarms of droid starfighters came swooping before them. He also spotted several familiar red-and-black and yellow-and-silver N1 Starfighters.
He spotted one from the Vengeance Squadron ahead being tailed by several droid starfighters. He switched the manual override of the targeting computers and started picking out the enemy ships one by one squarely destroying their thrusters leaving them floating dead in the space around them.
“Thanks for getting them off my…” the familiar voice of Captain Ric Olié spoke to him from the open comm.
“Come on guys, we need to get their shields down…” came another familiar voice, this time from Captain Hoff Siege.
Anakin clicked an affirmative and did his best to keep his mouth shut lest they realize he was just a kid and make him turn around planet-side.
Anakin flew towards the gaping tips of the droid control ship and saw another squadron of droid starfighters emerging from the left portside main hangar portal. An idea came to mind and he diverted all power to thrusters and prepares to make the quick switch to shielding.
Artoo somehow understood what the boy has in mind and held the rest of the systems to keep the ship intact the moment Anakin fire up the accelerator and be absolutely certain his plan would work.
The moment the shield parted to let more droid starfighters launch, Anakin’s ship shot into the open hangar like a projectile.
Artoo charged the shields and its electromagnetic density sent sparks as the starfighter pierced the phalanx of stunned droid starfighters. Anakin and Artoo flew past the vast loading bays of the left arm of the Lucrehulk-class droid control ship and its startled battle droids moving about inside.
Anakin and Artoo shot past the Outer Hangar designated as Zone 1 and right through the Zone 2 or Middle Hangar without much of an incident, although battle droids and droid starfighters on walking mode started to turn around and arm themselves with an obvious intent to follow them and destroy them.
When they reached the Inner Hangar, the situation changed. The ultrafast mechanical messaging system has reached and prepared the droids stationed on Zone 3. Laser fire began pouring out from all sides to a single target, them.
“Shields to maximum, Artoo! Let’s try that corkscrewing again…” Anakin gripped the control sticks and spun his ship like a drilling machine and started firing its twin laser cannons.
Artoo Detoo scanned Zone 3 and checked its weak points. This side of the ship is mainly filled with Landing Ships. It has the capacity to house twenty five C-9979 with the same on the other arm’s Zone 3. But the ships here were not yet assembled and the wings and body were neatly stacked among beams of racks fetched by massive cranes and assembly arms. The wall was lined inside by rows of pilot reactor fuel pumps and pressure stabilizer assembly and of course, the pilot reactor heads itself.
Artoo relayed his idea to Anakin and two worked in tandem to spin their ship, hoping that their shields would hold long enough for them to get their plan executed and get clear of the area.
Fortunate for them, the ship still has all ten of its proton torpedoes. They only needed three for this one. Anakin aimed for the three targets marked for him by Artoo and fired. The first one hits the right power conduit disabling the internal laser turrets, the second impacted on the hangar door control separating Zone 3 from Zone 2. The explosion sealed the massive blastdoors preventing a swarm of battle droids and droid starfighters from getting to them. The third detonated on the thinnest side of the wall were the pilot reactor fuel pumps and pressure stabilizer assemblies are.
The moment the third torpedo was fired Anakin quickly flew his starfighter through the last hangar door ahead that brought them flying through the wide access corridor underneath the gargantuan portside main reactor.
The ship glided and skidded across to the other side of the Saak’ak and slammed hard on one of the docked C-9979. Anakin braced himself for the impact and it almost unseated him. Artoo screamed but the ship was only rattled, although their shields went off and Anakin and Artoo frantically worked to reactivate their shields.
Coming from the other arm of the battleship, a group of B1 battle droids and several AATs were starting to move towards them. Artoo patched the rest of the systems and devoted all of their power to shield enough to trigger the independent inflow. Anakin slowly reoriented the ship using minimal repulsors to aim the laser cannons on the approaching enemies.
“Hurry up Artoo! We have to get out of here!” Anakin said as he kept firing. The AATs finally got within range and fired at them. Explosions around the ship jarred Anakin and Artoo and some of the tanks’ projectiles detonated on the wings of the massive landing ship beside them.
Artoo squealed a warning and Anakin looked up from his canopy and saw what the AATs are doing. “Oh no! They wanted to bring down that wing on us!”
Anakin and Artoo hurried to fix their shields and restart the main engines so that they could take-off once again. The aft-wing tensor field generator finally exploded and the multi-ton wing groaned and started to fall down on them.
“Artoo!” Anakin gasped and in his panic he had fired two proton torpedoes that shot harmlessly past the advancing droids. “Ooops!”
Artoo screamed in triumph as the shields went up and the engines fired up, Anakin wasted no time and shot out of the falling wing and flew past the firing droids and helpless tanks.
Behind them where the pair of proton torpedoes detonated on the centresphere reactor and power generator assemblies, a chain of massive explosions began as the entire battleship started to implode.
Anakin and Artoo swung their ship at top speed across the other arm of the Saak’ak and out of the main hangar bay. Behind them multiple explosions seemed to be chasing their fleeing starfighters.
Anakin shouted, cheering as they got clear of the battleship, “Wohoo! Now this is Podracing!”
* * *
Captain Hoff Siege blasted the last of the twelve sensor dishes of the Saak’ak when he saw the battleship exploding from various decks.
“Bravo Leader, what’s happening to the control ship?” Ric Olié inquired.
“It’s blowing up from the inside!” another pilot exclaimed.
“You did it guys, great job!” CEO Clynt Resnon shouted in exultation as they saw the Saak’ak imploding.
“Wasn’t us Fair Chance, we never hit it yet.” Siege shook his head.
 “Look! That’s one of ours! Outta the main hold! Must’ve been him!” Ric Olié cried out as they all saw a single starfighter racing out of the doomed ship.
“Alright, everybody clear out of the battleship!” Bravo Leader ordered.
“Let’s go home!” Vengeance Leader cheered.
The surviving fleet of the Moviana Patriots and the remaining starfighters of Bravo and Vengeance Squadron along with Anakin and Artoo’s ship headed back to Naboo as the Trade Federation Droid Control ship Saak’ak exploded entirely.



Chapter 49: Specters of the Force

Blackness and silence dominated the stillness of space like infinitesimal harmony of Time and the Universe.
The glittering tendrils of the Force swirled in a miasmic kaleidoscope of multitudes of color spectrums. The hushed eddies of light and darkness spreads out in chaotic order. The intangible essence and tangible power of the Force engulfed the entirety of the vast immeasurable universe.
The first signs of feeling slowly returned but it felt ethereal. It was as if one was floating in space, aimlessly drifting in the current of the sea and being steadied by the gentle touch of the wind all in the same time.
Bright lights started to pierce through the darkness, beams of coruscating hues, silent but explosive, lancing out of nowhere providing radiance, giving life.
Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn opened his eyes and wondered at the complexities of the Force. It was a profound experience of epiphany, a sudden rush of understanding of the harmony of both the Living Force and that of the Unifying Force, the two facets of universal energies.
Everything started to take form, there were shades of million hues around him, and he knew, somehow he already knew, that this was the universe. A specific whirlpool of light grew and within it he saw familiar astrological formations.
This was his galaxy, his home.
Then the space before him took shape, faint glowing silhouettes, faceless but somehow recognizable.
A tall form moved towards him without even leaving the rows of other figures hovering in the emptiness of space. The experience was disconcerting but utterly magical and thrilling.
Sound, like the breeze, the slapping of the ocean on the rocky cliffs, like the silence of dawn started to take form into a more comprehensive resonance.
“Qui-Gon Jinn,” the voice startled him because it was unmistakably familiar. It was Tahl’s.
He tried to speak but he heard nothing so he answered with his mind and his words poured out as clear and crisp as the bright core of the galaxy.
“Tahl! What is happening to me?” Qui-Gon gasped, his consciousness was searching for a foothold in the inexplicable state he was in like a toddler learning his first step, mincing his first word.
“You are now One with the Force. We are now unified. Do you see them?” Tahl’s image seemed to blur into trillions of microscopic dots of lights.
“What are those?” he asked.
“Don’t you recognize them?” Tahl smiled, but there was no face at all to convey such expression, even though Qui-Gon knew she was smiling.
Qui-Gon focused his attention on the dots of lights comprising her silhouette and he was astounded at what he just discerned.
They were midi-Chlorians, unlike anything he has ever seen before. More potent, far more indescribable than the physical symbiotic version he had come to familiarize with during his life as a Jedi.
“This is impossible… and different!” Qui-Gon said reverently.
“The midi-Chlorians are just words uttered by mortals, a name for something more mysterious that is the Force. Those symbiot you have accustomed to know were but massive stars in comparison to these. The Force is everything, it is everywhere. There is no place in the universe that the Force does not exist. It is the universe.” Tahl explained.
Qui-Gon was about to say something else but somehow Tahl managed to raise her hand to stop him despite not moving at all.
“Yes, Qui-Gon, there are pockets where the Force was inaccessible for the Jedi, out of their reach, their senses but it was only inaccessible but not nonexistent. The Force has a Will and it chooses when and where to be made tangent and palpable. It all depends on one’s complete focus and discipline and strength to penetrate such withdrawal of the Force.”
“What will happen to me now?” Qui-Gon asked, changing the subject. He knew he was dead, his mortal body no longer receptive to his soul. He can no longer return to the living in such form. He will now have to be a ghost, a luminous being, a specter of the Force.
“You can still watch over them. Guide them. Even appear and converse with them if you so choose. The only limit would be your very own inhibitions, your own sense of control and devotion to the task. Some could survive for thousands of years, some barely hours. It is up entirely to your determination.” Tahl answered.
“I have heard stories, but most of them are from the dark side of the Force…” Qui-Gon said.
“There is no dark and light in the Force. It is what it is, the Force. The culmination of such distinction was created by mortals. Light and dark dwells in the individual, in the choices they make, in their intentions.” Tahl seemed to shake her head, “Look…”
The other figures around her took a more distinct appearance. Qui-Gon Jinn recognized most of them from his studies in the Jedi Archives. Before him stood Nomi Sunrider, Ulic Qel-Droma, Tot Doneeta, Sylvar, Hoth, Dinno Duneglider, Theenovet Roughweather, Thame Cerulian, Thambanucc, Sifo-Dyas and many others.
“I am… overwhelmed.” Qui-Gon croaked.
“You asked what will happen to you now. That is entirely up to you. But heed first what we have to say. Dark forces are making their move against the Balance of the Force. The debacle on Naboo was just one of the many instrumental events that would be concluded in the overall grand scheme of things. The Sith, as you may know all too well by now still exist and they have a new edge, the Chosen One. They wanted the boy, Qui-Gon. Everything now depends on the Chosen One’s choices.” Tahl revealed.
“I was right then! Anakin is the Chosen One!” Qui-Gon gasped.
“The galaxy is at a perilous era. The Jedi and the people is about to face a threat they haven’t imagined. A war looms closer to reality than it may seem so vast it would shatter the galaxy asunder. Guide them Qui-Gon and that is my counsel.” Tahl and the others begin to face.
“Wait!” Qui-Gon called out but they have dissipated to nothingness. It felt like falling, but there were no virtual indication, no sense of which was up or down, it was like a perverted hyperspace tunnel in which gravitational pull remains non-existent. Yet he could feel he was dropping from an imaginary abyss, he felt helpless and small, and he knew it was a testament to the immeasurable potency of the Force.
Qui-Gon closed his eyes and saw a dark evil metal mask laughing at him.
* * *
Abject nothingness, prevailing invisible vertigo and pure trembling and seething anger and hatred permeated from the inside out of his blackened heart and raging and screaming subconscious.
A tenet imprinted in his years of harsh, brutal and deadly training came out like a part of his very own existence, essence and perverse mentality.
Peace is a lie, there is only passion. This has to be the afterlife, he saw himself perished under the blade of the Jedi and that meant that he had utterly failed his Master.
The first tenet rang truer than ever. Even in his death he felt no peace, but pent up rage and frustration for his failure and pure anger and hatred to the Jedi as a whole and to the Jedi who slew him.
Such passion should be adequate to resurrect any of the ancient Sith Lords back to the land of the living.
Through passion, I gain strength. The rage he felt was so strong it revitalized his very core, his very cell, his very soul. The strength surged up from both ends of his existence. The physicality of it was staggering, even in the emptiness of this unknown realm.
Through strength, I gain power. Potent energy caused by the swirling cyclone of dark side power engulfed him, feeding his very own passion and might. Cold seeped into the marrow of his bones, he felt unseen supremacy thrumming on the cold vibrating pavement where he lays, his consciousness beginning to discern light, cold and solidity. The life that was once taken from him was finally coming back to his body.
Through power, I gain victory. He opened his eyes and the blinding glare of the overhead light contracted his pupils and he was forced to wince and snarl in annoyance. For a fracture of a second he was confused as to where he was. He looked around and all he could see was a cylindrical wall surrounding him and rising as high as his straining eyesight could reach, terminating in a beam of white light shining like a beacon above, mocking him and taunting him.
The moment of confusion was obliterated as his memory refreshed everything. He has slain the only person he knew that truly loves him out of his blind obedience to his Master. He has killed the master and was slain by the apprentice in turn. He groaned at the phantom pain and tried to get up. The Jedi believed that he has been killed, but he lives. He was victorious in the face of death itself.
Through victory my chains are broken. Darth Maul, the Dark Lord of the Sith shouted his rage to the empty chamber. The Force rippled from his hatred, sending unseen waves of power through the shaft upward. He survived, but as he tries to get up another recollection hit him. The young Jedi had cut him in half, he saw his lower body opposite him, the flesh cauterized by the lightsaber that brought him down to this abyssal grave.
Yet he felt nothing at all, his chains are finally broken. He now answers to no one. No more Lord Sidious to cast its evil shadow on his every move, to please and serve, no one but himself, no more restraint or bonds of code or control.
Darth Maul is finally free. He looked around him and saw a swarm of maintenance droids designed to be small and in insectoid appearance that reminds him of the mechanical extension nodes of Kud’ar Mub’at. They gathered around him, studying him intently.
He could not tell how long he was out since the duel against the Jedi but as he reach out to the Force he felt a stunning presence of a number of Jedi nearby, somewhere here in the palace. More than a dozen of them and he could feel their silent grief for the one he slew. What shocked him even more was the subtle cloaked presence of his former Master, Darth Sidious among the group of the mourning Jedi.
Darth Maul grinned as the braver nodes came closer and probed their electric-charged pincers at the cauterized halves of the Zabrak.
The Jedi Council is here as well as Lord Sidious!
He would have gotten up, recover his lightsaber and charge out slaying the sanctimonious self-righteous self-serving Jedi from their old deranged diminutive green Grand Master to that cocky padawan who dare delude himself from being the one to slew a Sith, but not before he exposes Darth Sidious first before the pathetic Jedi Council. He relished the idea but it would be impossible to do that in his current state. He must resolve on bidding his time, build up his strength, his power before he reveal himself once more to the Jedi… and to the Sith.
More of the mechanical nodes came out swarming all over his body and took him deeper on the barely accessible recesses of the plasma reactor complex of Theed, “That’s it! Make me whole again! Serve your new master, and in return I shall rid this galaxy of those pretentious Jedi!” Darth Maul laughed hoarsely.
* * *
Everything became overly confusing.
Dark frightful faces streamed before her like an inverted river of evil. The dark side of the Force pulsed in the blinking red orange glow behind the endless flowing images of the dead.
There were howling horned bipedal sentients whose species were utterly unfamiliar. There were millions of them, all emanating hatred and rage… the dark side embodied.
Hands started to take form and they were all clamoring to reach out, touch, grab, grip and pull. Their howls were mixed with a wave of cries from a mass of variations of species, from humans to Twi’leks, to Bith, Rodians and hundreds of others. Dark evil faces laughed vehemently, mockingly while the others gaunt and tortured cried out in despair, anguish, pain, sorrow, loss, longing and fear… no not fear, but outright sheer terror.
Such was the intense combination felt overwhelmingly maddening.
It clung on the ears, ringing ceaselessly like an undying aftermath of carnage and bloodlust. It binds in the skin like irrefutable rebuke of fate and tragedy. It permeates the bones like the inevitable clamor of thirst, hunger, desire and downright obsession.
The long vanquished species of the Sith loomed before the unblinking eyes of its owner, they were the Sith Kings of old forgotten past. They looked down with blatant scowls of disapproval, contempt, spite, and disgust and despise.
The Lady Sarc Crimos screamed her voice swallowed by the nothingness in which she was in. There was nowhere to go she cannot move, there was nowhere to look, the visage remains fixated before her.
There was no escape, it seemed forever, and the unending parade of faces went on endlessly goading her further beyond the limits of insanity.
She recognized some of them, King Adas, Lord Graush, Marka Ragnos, Ludo Kresh, Freedon Nadd, Exar Kun, Lord Nihilus, Lord Sion, Lord Revan, Lord Malak, Lord Malgus, Lord Kaan, Lord Bane and hundreds of others she could not identify or even recognize its species. They were all talking to her at once, each demanding something from her, telling her what to do for them, for the Sith Order. Each have their own agenda, their own goals and purpose all desired to use her, as she has been used all her life.
She screamed once more and this time she did not care whether it was heard by anyone. She just wailed pleading for the voice to stop.
It went on for a little longer and when she was beyond endurance of the torturous vision it suddenly ceased without warning. The sudden darkness and silence felt like a physical blow, it left her breathless, an odd analogy considering she wasn’t even alive.
But that was how she felt, and with that strange realization, she knew somehow she still lives, perhaps not in a physical sense anymore. That would be beyond her comprehension, her heart was pierced by the blade of the man she has so hopelessly and obsessively loved all her life.
The darkness slowly took form; it was night on an eerily familiar desolate region. She saw the unmistakable Serpent’s Arc, the Blood River, the Bull’s Trench and the Forbidden Mountains.
Crimos gasped, she was seeing Dathomir exactly as it was in the last night she was with Maul, and then the image changed with nauseating suddenness. She found herself looking up at the face of her Nightsister hybrid mother, sucking on her breast like a craven child, famished. She could not recall ever being aware of her infancy before. Before she could assimilate in full what was happening, the vision changed once more and she saw a muscular handsome man tied, and dozen Nightsisters around him, chanting. She saw her mother coming at him and she realized he was her father, the half Hapan, half Iegon Dark Jedi whose name she could not even remember.
She saw Feral and Savage beating each other for her attention.
She saw the face of Maul, felt his warmth on that kiss they shared the night before he was taken away. It was that kiss that has sealed her fate. It was the reason why she chose to leave the sisterhood, why she dipped into the levels of criminals and why she allowed herself to be absorbed by both the Jedi and the Sith. All because of that kiss, because of him.
She saw the faces of Hutts and other crime lords she has worked for during her days as mere urchin in the Black Sun.
She saw the Jedi Council and the outright rejection of Master Yoda at her. She saw Jedi Master Djinn Altis allowing her to be trained aboard the Chu’unthor II.
She saw the face of her own Master, the human Jedi Nivraet Roughweather, when she stabbed him with her own lightsaber on his heart with the look of betrayed shock in his dying eyes.
She saw Darth Sidious and his false promise to reunite her with her love and finally she saw the tattooed face that kept her going, kept her surviving all those years… all for nothing.
She stared at the face of Darth Maul. The man she has loved since she was even too young to be aware of such connection. The only man she has given herself wholly, flesh and blood, heart and soul. The man she so obsessively longed for, the man who betrayed her, the man who killed her.
Darth Maul faded before her and it was replaced by a hooded Sith with a mask. The eyes behind the mask gripped her with intense fear and terror. It was as if those eyes alone could take down the entire galaxy. It was as if those eyes alone could destroy the entire Jedi Order by a single blink.
He spoke to her, his voice deep and hissing, reptilian at the most.
“Feed your hatred. Succor to your despair. Draw strength to this plasma rich complex. Draw power around you, become a phantom of vengeance. Stay here as long as it takes, a host will come here unwittingly. Use him, bid your time. The Sith Lord who used you and lied to you is still out there. The man who betrayed you yet lives. Yes. The Jedi has slain him but he lives still. Like you, he will fade in the dark and recuperate.”
“Who are you?” Crimos asked.
“I am your new Master.”
“Who are you?” Crimos asked again.
“In time, my young apprentice... in time,”
 



Chapter 50: Requiem to a Jedi

Anakin Skywalker and Artoo Detoo were greeted as heroes the moment they landed on the Theed Spaceport.
Captains Ric Olié and Hoff Siege carried Anakin on their shoulders as the pilots from both squadrons and the rest of the ground forces and Moviana fleet personnel came and crowded on them to get up close to the savior of Naboo.
Nym, Resnon, Borvo and the Gungan leaders Boss Nass, Jar-jar, Tarpals and Fassa accompanied Anakin, Artoo and the two captains to the Theed Palace where the Queen and Captain Panaka were securing the captured Trade Federation Viceroy.
The rest of the Trade Federation battleships that blockaded Naboo have jumped out of the Chommell Sector after they all saw the destruction of the Droid Control Ship Saak’ak and received confirmation that their Viceroy has been apprehended by the Queen’s soldiers.
Artoo Detoo along with the rest of the R2 units was temporarily assigned to assisting the few medical droids that are attending to the injured soldiers. One of the first patients that Artoo helped to fix was Gregar Typho who lost one of his eyes from a grenade shrapnel during the battle on the streets of Theed City.
Artoo Detoo was next sent to stay with Captain Hoff Siege for the moment while Anakin Skywalker was taken as an honorary guest to the house of Captain Ric Olié. The Gungans collected the deactivated droids and as part of the deal of the Queen with Nym, Borvo and Resnon, the three off-worlders divided the salvaged battle droids, droid starfighters and other Trade Federation vehicles from STAPs to Troop Transports, AATs to MTTs to abandoned C-9979 Landing Ships.
The Lady Crystaé received a special position among the Queen’s Royal Advisory Council. The freshly healed Governor Sio Bibble with the help of the Order of the Sanctuary, Naboo Underground and the battalions of Captain Roos Tarpals and Major Fassa went to attend the first stage of clearing the cities of Naboo beginning with Theed and on to the other cities and villages throughout the planet.
At the day after the Great Battle of Naboo, Queen Amidala accompanied by Captain Panaka, Aluva, Sabé, the Royal Advisory Council including their new member the Lady Crystaé, Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi, the rest of the Royal Handmaidens and Artoo Detoo gathered at the throne room as the Queen established a contact with the newly elected Supreme Chancellor, Palpatine, after they received a call from Nym, Borvo and Resnon that the HoloNet transmitters has been repaired and were now fully operational once more.
Supreme Chancellor Palpatine’s holographic image appeared and congratulated the Queen and her people for defeating the Trade Federation and being able to capture Viceroy Nute Gunray. Palpatine ended their conversation with a promise to send a small Republic Navy fleet to make sure that the Naboo would be safe and also assured Queen Amidala that he would personally return to Naboo tonight for the funeral pyre of Master Jinn and for victory celebration tomorrow.
After that, Jedi Knight Kenobi contacted the Jedi Council and Master Yoda spoke with the Queen, Captain Panaka and to Obi-Wan about the developments on Naboo. The Jedi Council also gave their word to arrive tonight to facilitate the funeral of their fellow Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and for the celebration in the morning.
Artoo Detoo wandered on the palace while Siege Hoff was busy on the Theed Hangar supervising the repairs of their starfighters. He passed by the comm center and decided to take a short detour, inside amidst the busy comm personnel coordinating with security officers of various political and business delegates who wanted to come for the celebration.
He found one of the vacant comm consoles with a blinking incoming call. Looking around, Artoo saw everyone else were already occupied on their consoles so he took the initiative and went to the terminal to answer the call.
Shortly after that Artoo Detoo was hurrying past startled people back into the palace and up to the throne room itself where Queen Amidala and Captain Panaka were having a silent conversation with the Lady Crystaé, Aluva and Sabé.
Panaka saw Artoo rolling straight at them and acknowledged the astromech unit. “Hello Artoo, what seems to be the problem?”
Artoo let out a series of beeps and went straight into the holo receiver of the Queen and turned it on. Panaka saw the incoming indicator blinking and let Artoo continue with the patch.
The holo of Jedi Master Windu appeared.
“I was beginning to think that our call will not get there in time. Greetings Your Majesty, I would just like to inform you that we are already on our way there, we would be entering Naboo space in…” the Korun Jedi Master glanced at his chrono, “…ten minutes. The Supreme Chancellor has decided to take a hitch with us to save time and ships. We will be there shortly.”
The holo winked out and Panaka thanked Artoo. Aluva waved for Artoo to come over them as the Captain and the Queen conversed silently and Panaka began making calls to arrange a welcoming party and prepare the Viceroy for the turn-over.
“Artoo, can you spare some more time for an errand?” Aluva asked him.
Lady Crystaé would have normally frowned for Aluva’s action, to her, it is not for a human to ask permission to a droid but since Artoo is somewhat also a hero, she decided that perhaps the droid deserves a little… courtesy. Artoo beeped an affirmative and Aluva instructed the droid to make a cursory sweep to the Plasma Reactor Complex and see if he could recover anything there from the recent battle that took place there.
Artoo swiveled his dome and chirped an acceptance and rolled out to his errand.
“Are all R2 units like him?” Lady Crystaé asked Aluva after Artoo left.
“I’m not sure. Although I must admit that among our R2 units… and other droids of make and model that I’ve encountered, he does seemed a bit more… intelligent than the others.” Aluva smiled.
“It seems so. Odd isn’t it.” Lady Crystaé mused then returns her focus on the holo map they were studying.
* * *
Artoo Detoo saw Siege crouching on one of the starfighters in the hangar fixing it. Some of the pilots spotted him and waved. Artoo whistled in greeting and went to open the newly repaired control panel for the massive blastdoor.
The droid entered the vast and abyssal Plasma Refinery Complex. His sensors went instantly crazy as the residual effects of slightly static charged interior of the massive chamber began messing with the droid’s sensors both navigational and scanners. He was forced to rely on direct visual scanning so he ran the copy of Obi-Wan’s detailed report the Jedi Knight has composed on Artoo’s recording storage in regard to their lightsaber battle against the confirmed Sith Lord, Darth Maul who slew the older Jedi Master Jinn.
Artoo moaned sadly at the mention of the deceased Jedi and remembered how kind the Jedi was to him despite him being just a typical astromechanic droid.
He rounded up the ramps up to the chamber’s platform where Qui-Gon Jinn has died. There he recovered only a pair of lightsabers that looked like has been cut from the connecting hilts. It was Darth Maul’s lightsabers. He was internally debating on himself if he should take a bio scan or if he should check if the fallen Zabrak has indeed perished.
Artoo was about to take a look on the bottom of the cylindrical shaft when someone startled the droid from behind. Artoo whirled around to face the newcomer and recognized at once as Rinn Olié with Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi waiting patiently by the blastdoor entrance.
“Artoo, let’s go, we’re going out with the Queen to greet the delegates from the Galactic Senate and of the Jedi Order.” Anakin said.
* * *
Artoo Detoo stood by Obi-Wan and Anakin with General Binks and Captain Tarpals holding Viceroy Nute Gunray, behind them waiting for the guests was Queen Amidala with Captain Panaka, Governor Sio Bibble, Lady Crystaé, Aluva D’asima and the rest of the Royal Handmaidens. Standing at the next row were the Royal Advisory Council, several security officers and the City Representatives from Keren to Moenia to the smaller towns and villages.
Supreme Chancellor Palpatine led the newly arrived group down the ramp walking along side him were his aides Mas Amedda, Sly Moore and his original aides Sate Pestage and Kinman Doriana. Flanking the entire delegates were the tall imposing blue robed and helmeted Republic Sentinels.
Palpatine first stop before Obi-Wan and look at their Neimoidian prisoner, “Jedi Kenobi, I congratulate you for your victory over the… Sith, and allow me to offer you my deepest condolences for the loss of your Master. Master Jinn is a great Jedi and an even greater man.” The Supreme Chancellor said to Obi-Wan as the Jedi slightly bowed at him.
Palpatine then turn his gaze at the young boy beside the Jedi Knight. “And you my boy, I heard you were quite the hero in this entire debacle, the Galactic Republic gives you our gratitude. I am sure after a feat like that you will undoubtedly be accepted in the Jedi Order as the later Master Jinn has intended in the first place. Anakin Skywalker, right? We will watch your career with great interest.”
Anakin smiled as the Chancellor patted him on the shoulder and moved ahead to formally greet the Queen of Naboo. From behind Palpatine, another group of Republic Sentinels stepped forward and took the Trade Federation Viceroy from Jar-jar and Roos and brought Nute Gunray back up into the ship.
Jedi Master Yoda with Masters Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi came and greeted Obi-Wan and Anakin.
“Congratulations for defeating the Sith, Obi-Wan, and I am deeply saddened to hear your report about the demise of Qui-Gon.” Mace Windu said then look down at the boy, “Anakin, the Jedi Order is greatly thankful for your invaluable contribution to this crisis.”
“Indebted to you, the Republic and the Order is, young Skywalker.” Yoda nodded and regarded the droid beside Anakin, “As to you too, my dear astromech droid, forgotten not your part in this crisis, we haven’t.” the old Jedi winked at Artoo Detoo.
Artoo beeped in thanks and told Anakin that if he had cheeks he would have blushed, Anakin and Obi-Wan chuckled.
The rest of the Jedi Council and Senate delegates greeted Obi-Wan and Anakin then move on to meet the Queen.
After that, they all headed back to the palace where Queen Amidala held a meeting with the Supreme Chancellor and the other Senators on the throne room in regards to the legal actions that they would enforce against the Trade Federation. Anakin and Artoo Detoo returned to the Theed Hangar to help Siege on the repairs while Obi-Wan rejoined the council to discuss the future of what the late Qui-Gon claims to be the Chosen One.
* * *
Darth Sidious’ holo hovered in full size on an abandoned warehouse complex in the Industrial District of Coruscant. The setting sun cast a great shadow across the sea of pipes and various mechanical gears and constructs before the ancient rows of thick duracrete walled buildings that comprises the long forgotten and derelict ore and metal processing plants.
Kneeling before the image was a tall, old bearded man with graying hair and beard, his bearing and countenance radiates conviction and submission.
“Lord Tyranus, have you finally located a template worthy to our cause?” Sidious hissed.
“Yes, my Master. A bounty hunter named Jango Fett. He is the survivor of the Jedi raid on Galidran. He slew six Jedi with his bare hands. I have already taken him to Lama Su.” Lord Tyranus bowed.
“See to it personally Lord Tyranus, we cannot afford another mistake like this failed blockade. We have to improvise and accelerate our plans.” Sidious nodded.
“I will not fail you my Master.” Tyranus assured him.
Darth Sidious image flickered for a few moments then finally stabilized. The Sith Lord raised an eyebrow and let out a low cackle of laughter at him, “I assume you will be more strategic and concise in executing these series of events that we have carefully plotted for the following years, than your predecessor Lord Maul.”
“I am far more civilized than that animal, Lord Sidious.” Darth Tyranus muttered in disgust at the fallen Zabrak.
“We shall see.” Darth Sidious’ projection winked out.
Lord Tyranus stood up and turn around to face several figures standing just outside the range of the holo transmitter. He could feel the dark side crawling in his skin, his veins. This time it is for real, his true service to the Order of the Sith is about to begin, first he must make his public display of condemning the Republic and the Jedi Order for their failure to take the warning of his former apprentice Master Jinn about the re-emergence of the Sith and his announcement of leaving the Jedi Order. The machinations that would lead to the rise of the Confederation of Independent Systems are about to begin.
“Aurra Sing, Cradossk, gather the Guild, I have a new task for all of you.” Tyranus said.
“As you command, Count Dooku,” Aurra Sing grinned.
* * *
The sunset on Naboo is one of the most beautiful sights to behold on the planet. The yellow-orange hue of the setting sun across the thick clouds and the panoramic horizon casts a certain tranquility and contentment to anyone who observes it. But the peaceful vista was hardly noticed by the sullen and grieving ambience emanated by the Jedi guests and the others. 
Inside one of the many rooms within the Theed palace, Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Grand Master Yoda stood face to face alone with each other.
“Master Yoda, I made a promise to Master Qui-Gon, I will train Anakin, without the approval of the council, if I must.” Obi-Wan were insisting.
Yoda paced back and forth before the kneeling Jedi with his gimmer-stick and stopped to glare at Kenobi.
“Qui-Gon’s defiance I sense in you.” Yoda grunted and closed his eyes and took a slow deep breath. “Very well,”
Obi-Wan looked up expectantly.
“Agree with you the council does. Young Skywalker, your apprentice, will be.” Yoda finally nodded.
Yoda dismissed Obi-Wan and went to the Ceremonial Chamber jutting out of the cliff side of the palace where the rest of the Jedi Council and the Naboo and Senate delegates are gathering.
General Binks and Captain Tarpals respectfully lifted the body of Qui-Gon Jinn from the hover capsule and gently placed him on the stone table filled with firewood.
Obi-Wan Kenobi came in last with Anakin Skywalker in tow and took a seat on the curving ante-chamber facing the fallen Jedi Master.
Queen Amidala, Captains Panaka, Olié, Siege and Kiel, Governor Sio Bibble, Boss Nass, General Binks, Major Fassa, Captain Tarpals, Lady Crystaé, Aluva D’asima, Gregar Typho, Maris Magneta, Clynt Resnon, Nym, Borvo, Reti, Vana Sage, Rhys Dallows, Senators Garm Bel Iblis, Mon Mothma, Fang Zar and the newly instated Senator Bail Organa, the Supreme Chancellor, his four aides, the Royal Advisory Council, the Royal Handmaidens, the entire Bravo and Vengeance Squadron and a handful of Naboo and Militiagung Officers, Max Entarrie, Thea and Rinn Olié and Artoo Detoo gathered around the ante chamber.
Governor Sio Bibble stepped forward and began the funeral service and everyone fell silent in respect to their beloved Jedi. After that Jedi Masters Yoda and Mace Windu and Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi stepped forward carrying torches and lit the edges of Qui-Gon’s funeral table.
They all watched in silence as the fire began to burn the corpse of Qui-Gon. Anakin sobbed and looked at Obi-Wan with sorrow and loss, “What will happen to me now?”
The hooded Obi-Wan looked at the young boy that his master has put his faith on, “The council has granted me permission to train you, you will be a Jedi, Anakin, I promise.”
Up on the upper seats as the last embers of the funeral pyre began to fade, Master Yoda and Mace Windu spoke in hush conversation.
“One life ends and a new one begin in the Jedi Order.” Mace Windu commented.
Yoda sighed in resignation, “Not so sure of this one as of Qui-Gon, do I feel. Troubled, he is, wrapped in shadows and difficult choices.”
Master Windu nodded, “Obi-Wan will do a good job training him. Qui-Gon is right, he is ready.”
“As a Knight, ready this time he was. Ready to train the boy, he may not yet are.” Yoda shook his head.
“Defeating a Sith Lord in combat is the strongest test of his readiness for everything, not every in the Order have had that opportunity in the last thousand years. There is now no doubt that what they have fought against was a Dark Lord of the Sith.” Mace Windu mused.
Yoda nodded gravely, “Always two there are, a master and an apprentice.”
Mace Windu folded his arms around him and nodded as he stare blankly at the dwindling fire and the ashen remains of his old friend, “But which one was destroyed, the master or the apprentice?”
The Queen bowed at the remains of Qui-Gon and bade them all good night as she was escorted by her entourage out of the ante-chamber and back within the palace walls.
Supreme Chancellor Palpatine approached Masters Yoda and Windu, “Master Jedi, again my condolences, I shall see you again tomorrow for the celebration.” After a nod from the two Jedi, Palpatine rejoined his aides and alone with the rest of the gathered people that attended the funeral pyre, they all piled out of the ante-chamber to return to their respective guest suits within the Theed Palace.
Yoda and Windu started down the chamber and the rest of the Jedi Council followed them out. Yoda halted and looked back and through the dying fire he thought he saw the face of his friend Qui-Gon, but the flickering fire blurred the seats behind and Yoda saw it no more.
* * *
A grand parade took place in the morning as Boss Rugor Nass rode his ceremonial Fambaa and at his sides were General Binks and Captain Tarpals riding their narglatch. Behind them came Major Fassa on the sturdy saddle of a cerrabore leading the Gungan Band playing their trumpets, flutes, cymbals and drums followed shortly by the militiagungs waving happily to the cheering crowd.
The same figureheads gathered above the stairs with Queen Amidala at the center, along with her captains, Royal Advisory Council, Royal Handmaidens, the Governor and the rest of the Heroes of the Great Battle of Naboo. The surviving men of Nym, Borvo and Resnon stood below by the crowd cheering and enjoying the parade, some of them have their family flown over to join the celebration, representatives from the various worlds within the Chommell Sector also gathered by the crowd expressing their support and joy at the victory of Naboo over the Trade Federation.
Artoo Detoo rejoined Obi-Wan and Anakin on the upper platform of the stairs leading to the main entrance to the Theed Palace. Earlier that morning under the instructions of Obi-Wan, Artoo gave Anakin a haircut, fashioning the boy’s hair to that of the standard Padawan pattern and braid.
Governor Sio Bibble handed Queen Amidala the Sphere of Harmony and she ceremoniously turned it over to Boss Rugor Nass as a symbol of the unity of the Naboo and of the Gungan.
Boss Nass turned to face the thunderous crowd and raised the Sphere of Harmony above his head and in a booming voice that reverberated across the people before them he shouted, “Peace!”
The citizens of Theed erupted in a thunderous roar of cheers and applause, above them the Bravo Squadron flew leaving colorful trails symbolizing that of the six noble clan houses during the beginning of the Time of Peace.

Epilogue: Malfunctions

The conveyors thrummed with power, a myriad of mechanical parts began to drop from a series of containers, dumping them all on a wide rotating platform. Foundry Droids detached themselves from their individual storage capsules and activated their repulsorlifts. They began to converge on the rotating platform and proceeded on a seemingly chaotic task of picking up their respective assigned objects to collect from the pile of metal scraps.
Once the container attached to them is full they hover onto their designated conveyors and unload the mechanical parts and will then again resume their picking on the platform. The various parts in turn will be taken along a maze of assembly machines with different functions.
It was like a large lake splitting into a number of rivers passing through almost endless caves and emerging and merging until there are only three conveyors left bearing segregated types of metals to be melted down and reshaped.
This is a new site in the secretly reconstructed Plasma Mines and Droid Foundry of Kardara within the Chommell Sector.
It is a joint business venture of the Lethe Merchandising, InterGalactic Banking Clan and the Techno Union with the Government of Serenno and Kardara. Heading the management and overseeing the production lines were Senator Passel Argente and a certain Lord Tyranus.
It was bought and was reconstructed a few weeks after the late Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas destroyed it. When the Trade Federation started their blockade on Naboo, the first batch of the Super Battle Droids was finally completed, all one million of them.
Unfortunately in the past months since the first batch came out, there were a number of technical problems kept popping in on the facility. Machines kept breaking down no matter how relentless the maintenance droids try to fix them. Finished products sometimes won’t even function at all, and for those who do, ended up overloading their circuits or becoming violently uncontrollable.
 The Techno Union sent their best technicians and programmers to find out what is wrong with the Kardaran Foundry and when Lord Tyranus personally came to demand result, he received a report that there was someone sabotaging their operations.
Lord Tyranus ordered a lockdown and dispatched Qymaen jai Sheelal, the best warlord under the employ of Sarn Hill to hunt down the saboteur.
Soon enough Qymaen returned to him dragging his captive, a young man, barely in his twenties. What shocked Lord Tyranus, were the strangely familiar reverberations in the Force the boy was generating. That odd sense of familiarity provided him a name when he saw the heterochromic eyes of the saboteur, one blue and one red.
“Who are you?” Lord Tyranus demanded.
The boy glared defiantly at him and struggled against the grip of the Kaleesh.
Qymaen jai Sheelal shook him and snarled, “Answer the question!”
“I am Max Entarrie, Head of the Naboo Royal Engineering Division. I can help you fix your malfunctions.” the young man said.
“You dare sabotage our operations and now you have the gall to offer to fix it? What’s in it for you?” Tyranus glowered, ignited his lightsaber and pointed the tip a few inches from the forehead of Max Entarrie.
The boy didn’t answer, instead, a pair of eerily recognizable lightsabers floated out of Max’ cloak, both were ignited and the blue one hovered its blade on the neck of Lord Tyranus while the red one moved and poised to severe the head of Qymaen.
“I see your point Max Entarrie… or should I call you, Lady Sarc Crimos.” Lord Tyranus finally nodded in understanding.
Max Entarrie merely grinned.

~o0o~
The Adventures of Artoo Detoo will continue on:
Artoo Detoo: Droid of a Kind (Volume 2)

A Quick Preview from Artoo Detoo: Droid of a Kind (Volume 2)
Part Three: Maker’s Son - Epilogue: Maintenance

Reepek was no longer his old Recon-PK droid self, he received a full memory wipe and an overall reprogramming from his basic reconnaissance functionality to his ever skeptical personality.
His mechanical brain was transferred to an entirely new and larger, more humanoid metallic body frame made from a very rare and overly expensive quantum alloy complete with chrome finish.
Physically, he now resembles a lithe Twi’lek male but internally he was something else entirely. His new maker made him an advance droid mechanic and bodyguard for the Queen of Naboo who were now facing a lot of stress due to her coming end of term and the seemingly endless rallies of several factions that has been protesting against the continuous trade franchise obtained by the Raltosan Enterprise and the on-going joint military exercise in the moon of Rori between the Royal Naboo Security Forces, Gungan Grand Army and the Moviana Patriots.
Reepek knew that politics was not among his strong points nor it was on his companion, although the little astromech droid seems to be highly opinionated about the bureaucratic affairs of Queen Amidala and the acting Chommell Sector Senators Sate Pestage and Kinman Doriana.
Captain Aluva D’asima of the Royal Naboo Special Action Force was still technically his owner, but Reepek is currently assigned to the Droid Maintenance Division of the Naboo Royal Engineering Department.
A loud series of beeps and chirps snapped Reepek out of his daydreaming, if such a term could be attributed to their kind. Annoyed, Reepek swiveled his faceless chrome head to look down on the petulant R2 unit who kept shoving him in to the Diagnostic Center where the rest of the Bravo Squadron astromechs are being processed.
“If you will not stop pushing and scratching my expensive legs I will be forced to hallow out your body and convert it into a waste dispenser!” Reepek snapped at Artoo Detoo in annoyance.
Artoo rotated his dome and let out a litany of complaints and retorts much to the consternation of Reepek.
“Oh shut it Artoo, your friends will not be undergoing into any form of memory wipe today and I am personally assuring you of it, that is if my word is enough for that thick bunker of a head of yours!” Reepek groaned as he punched in the access code into the highly secure Diagnostic Center.
Artoo was about to give the former Recon-PK droid a witty quip when a young boy came by the entrance to greet them.
“Finally! Where on the moons of Iego have you two been? I’ve been having a really hard time to start my diagnostic on your friends here,” Technical Engineer Trainee Rinn Olié blurted at Reepek and Artoo Detoo pointing on the restless and noisy bunch of R2 units.
Artoo would have let out an exasperated sigh had he been capable of it upon seeing the rest of his fellow Bravo Squadron astromechs moving about in systematic chaos around the chamber giving the frantic technicians a sizable headache enough to seal the Maw off permanently.
Artoo Detoo spotted the familiar color scheme of R2-E3 amidst the fray; unfortunately, Reepek seems to have spotted her the same time as he does.
“Oh Artoo, look, there’s your girlfriend.” Reepek said jovially.
Artoo squealed angrily stating that she’s not, Reepek merely chuckled which further infuriated him. Deciding to ignore and leave his sarcastic companion, Artoo hurriedly rolled through the throng of darting astromechs and chasing technicians to where Artoo Ethree seems to be engaged in a heated debate with the Diagnostic Center Computer.
Arthree spotted Artoo and chirped a greeting then resume her cursing against the DCC. Artoo noticed that her scomp link seems be already heating up from its socket.
Artoo warned her of it but she ignore him kept insisting on the computer that none of them requires a diagnostic at the time being and that she doesn’t care whether the database insists that they were all signed and scheduled to undergo on one today.
Knowing that once Arthree enters a heated debate like that, there would be no stopping her until the matter is settled… to her favor.
Artoo then noticed that the astromechs of Vengeance Squadron are also in the room and surmised that there is indeed another trouble brewing once more here on Naboo.
Artoo Detoo rolled and greeted Afy, the Head Astromech of Vengeance Squadron before rejoining Reepek and Rinn Olié who were huddled absorbingly by the central holographic table showing an unfamiliar virtual schematic of a large space vessel. Upon reaching them he asked what it was.
Reepek answered reflexively without leaving his gaze on the area where Rinn was indicating with his laser pointer, “It’s an ancient Daedelus-class Star Fortress…”
“It’s the Jaguada Void.” Rinn said gravely.
Artoo Detoo frowned, or so to speak, the name doesn’t ring a bell at all.

About the Author

Mark A.J. Cristobal is an undergraduate of Bachelor of Science in Computer Science at the University of Perpetual Help Rizal last 2003. He currently works as a Freelance On-Line Writer who aspires to be a professional novelist. At the age of 7 he created his own comics universe using only the unused pages of his school notebooks from 1988 to 1996 and called it M.C. Comics. He won first prize on a painting contest in 1994 and won second prize on a poster making contest on 1995, both in Saint Joseph’s Academy. He also created and administers a number of Facebook Community Pages some of them are Pixel Dust Studios, M.C. Comics Philippines, Star Wars Pilipinas, Fanboys Fanpage, Luke Skywalker Archives, Leia Organa Archives, Padme Amidala Archives, Star Wars Page Alliance, James Bond Prime, and his author page The Mark A.J. Cristobal Novels. You will find him on Facebook as Mark Duneglider, an alias he derived from his own created character in his Star Wars fan-fiction novels.
He is a single father that lives in Las Piñas City, Philippines with his 76 year old father and a 6 year old daughter.
